If a fetus in the womb has a heartbeat, how is that not a living human being?		🤔
Did you know		Under Obama there was a North Korean missle launch on average every 24 days		Under Trump there hasn’t been a missile launch in 457 days		One of these men deserves a Nobel Peace Prize, the other should be investigated for selling our country out to the Iranian regime
This last year @RealCandaceO and I were not allowed to speak at @DePaulU and @Cornell because of our conservative beliefs		Thanks to Trump and the new executive order around free speech these intolerant islands of totalitarianism will have to reform their policies or lose money!
Allan Jacob Anaya is why we need to fully fund ICE and FINISH THE WALL		He is responsible for the death of Tennessee mother Shirra Branum in 2017		He was driving drunk		This was his FOURTH DUI but local sheriffs refused to cooperate with ICE		How many more Americans have to die?
How could Democrats not think there is a crisis on the Southern Border?		Last year alone, 521,000 illegal aliens were apprehended		Around 2,000 arrests of illegals are happening EVERY SINGLE DAY		The U.S. can’t sustain this lawlessness		It’s time to Finish The WALL!
Socialist fail:		Ocasio-Cortez Hit With Complaint Alleging She Laundered Money To Boyfriend		The socialist from New York not only killed 25,000 jobs for her constituents she is now accused of breaking the law		Where is the media?		🤔
President Trump is the first leader in American history to be attacked by the media for actually doing what he said he was going to do
This man is saving western civilization		He loves his country with all of his heart, fighting hourly to save it from evil within and outside America		He relentlessly fights for our citizens, borders, and values		Without him, we would be lost		God Bless Donald Trump https://t.co/gKQ1aQqPfZ
Today our amazing President committed to signing an executive order that would withhold funding from all college and universities that don't abide by the first amendment		Trump again fights for freedoms that no other has before him!		We at @TPUSA FULLY APPROVE!		God Bless Trump
Planned Parenthood has been caught:		Aiding and abetting sex traffickers		Selling body parts of aborted babies 		Covering up sexual abuse of minors 		Why are we still giving them $500 MILLION dollars in taxpayer money each year?		🤔
Imagine if a Republican member of Congress used a horrible racial slur to attack a black businessman TV host like @AOC did, accusing Republicans of “tokenism”		The left continues to get away with their racist policies and language as the media ignores it
Before she was even sworn in she publicly threatened Don Jr with a subpoena because he called her out on Twitter. Now she’s spreading lies and disinformation about him		Abuse of power from a clueless power hungry socialist who is constantly wrong but never in doubt https://t.co/blcXf3PhpR
Hey, @AOC—listen to these Venezuelans who actually lived through the horrors of Socialism before you try &amp; turn America into a hellhole. 		Starvation. Near 1,000,000% inflation. Brutal dictator Nicolas Maduro is murdering his citizens. 		America will NEVER be a socialist country https://t.co/9rAINU56PM
Harvard/Harris Poll: 		3-in-4 Voters Favor ‘America First’ Immigration, Trade, War Platform from Candidates		Trump’s agenda is resonating with voters all across the country		He will convincingly win re-election!
After two years of baseless witch hunts and expensive investigations the only thing we know for certain is that Obama promised Russia flexibility after his election and Hillary sold our uranium in exchange for cash to her foundation 		The Democrats colluded with Russia
Fact:		31% of women &amp; 17% of men making the dangerous journey to the United States’ Southern Border are sexually assaulted		Democrats fight so hard to put the interests of illegal immigrants over American citizens		I wonder why they don’t care about this vicious statistic?		🤔
.@realDonaldTrump’s economy: Median income for Hispanic households grew by 3.7% in 2017 and continues to rise. 3.7% is more than DOUBLE the increase seen by all households		Obama economy: Hispanic incomes stayed stagnant		Which President is better for the Hispanic community?		🤔
Facts:		Since President Trump took office almost 5 million jobs have been created		The economy added 304,000 jobs in January		Jobless claims sunk 23,000		For the 1st time in 10+ years wage growth broke 3% in 2018		Why would anyone vote for a Democrat to reverse all of this?		🤔
Why is no asking questions about Schiff and his staff having contact with Michael Cohen prior to his testimony?		How long did they meet? What did they discuss? Was this legal?		Isn’t this witness tampering?		Lots of questions that need answers!!
Horrible week for Democrats:		All 6 of their Senators running for President voted against protecting newborn babies who survive abortions		Their “star witness” told multiple lies in front of Congress and further perjured himself		Trump continues to climb in the polls
Why did @BernieSanders hire an illegal alien as a press secretary for his campaign for President of the UNITED STATES?		Democrats are flaunting their lawlessness		Maybe the real reason they want to abolish ICE is to keep them from deporting members of their campaign staff		🤔
It is totally unfair to women athletes to have men who think they are women compete against them		Where are the feminists on this?		The International Olympic Committee just said they will allow men who think they are women compete against biological women		This is a disgrace
I believe we should have an investigation into every multimillionaire in Congress who has accumulated that wealth on a Congressional salary using our tax dollars
Did you know:		ICE just discovered 67 illegal aliens, including 6 unaccompanied teens, in deplorable conditions in a shed in NM		This is a emergency!
This one is for you @JussieSmollett https://t.co/T97BGhJVFo
ICE just successfully convicted 18 white supremacist members of the Aryan Brotherhood. These men and women are heroes for getting these thugs off the street		ICE also convicts:		Pedophiles		Sex predators		Human traffickers		OF ALL RACES		How can Democrats claim ICE is racist?		🤔
Did you know:		A panel of federal judges dismissed ALL 83 ethics complaints leveled against JUSTICE Kavanaugh		The Democrat hit job against an honorable man failed miserably
Socialism is all about power, corruption, and control		Why else would an economic philosophy centered around free stuff burn and destroy free humanitarian aid being sent to clean up the Socialist mess in Venezuela?		🤔
This happens to students every single day		The left is targeting students who support our incredible President @realDonaldTrump 		This is why we fight and why we grow @TPUSA - we are in a culture war for the soul of America		It makes me sick to see this		 https://t.co/nxGkNSyxrA
I’m excited to announce that my friend, the great Allie Stuckey is chairing #YWLS2019!		The left claims that Republicans are nothing but old rich men		I can’t wait for @conservmillen and 1,000’s of young women across the country to dispel that myth		APPLY👉https://t.co/MjW4l7foms https://t.co/Ck4zSK1qjp
BREAKING:		17 states give @realDonaldTrump 50% or higher ratings for 2018—up from 12 states in 2017		17 states give him 40-49% approval		Imagine having Democrats &amp; media working against you 24/7 and still finding a way to win for America		Thank you, Mr. President. Keep fighting
Imagine a country where there was so little actual racism, hate, and random violence to where someone has to fake a hate crime just to try and incriminate Conservatives		That’s the state of American politics today
I remember thousands of people wearing Obama shirts &amp; hats after his election in 2008		I do NOT remember constantly hearing about those people being:		Attacked		Verbally abused		&amp; Denied service		For supporting the President		The Left hates the idea that there are other ideas
The two choices for the future of America has never been more clear		Only one side supports post birth abortion of newborns		Only one side openly stands against Israel		Only one side embraces socialism		Only one side hates America		Only one side has ruined our inner cities
For all the “experts” attacking Trump I’m trying to remember if Obama ever got North Korea to suspend missile tests or travel 40+ hours (twice) to broker peace  the pundits thought was impossible or get our hostages back?		🤔
This is Riley Heath		He goes to Princeton		He was assaulted by a socialist on campus last month		You can see the scar on the face		He reported this to police and the university &amp; nothing was done		Another crime of violence against conservative Trump supporters		RT this injustice! https://t.co/EhmxtHJlGd
So tired of hearing the question:		“How and when did the Democrats get so radical?”		Answer:		They have always been this way		Trump successfully made their radicalism and hatred of our country and values come out in bright colors		They haven’t changed, they have been revealed
If Republicans had Obama’s former lawyer testify when he was trying to dismantle nuclear proliferation the media would be outraged		Oh wait, Obama didn’t do anything to correct or fix North Korea in fact he made things worse and now Trump is fixing it
Michael Cohen hearing so far:		Cohen admitted there is no evidence of Russian collusion		Cohen also admitted he colluded with Democrat Reps. Adam Schiff &amp; Elijah Cummings before his testimony		This hearing is nothing more than a Democrat hit job against a successful President
Democrats holding a hearing with convicted liar Michael Cohen while @realDonaldTrump is in Vietnam negotiating peace with North Korea tells you everything you need to know about the left		They would rather see America fail than see Donald Trump succeed.
Wait a minute, Michael Cohen is going to jail for lying to Congress and now we are supposed to believe what he is about to say in front of Congress?		🤔
Biological males who think they are girls should not be allowed to compete in sports against actual biological girls
The same Democrats that are screaming about mothers being separated from their kids at the border seem perfectly fine with babies being killed in case of a botched abortion
“Unplanned” a new movie about a abortion doctor who leaves Planned Parenthood with regrets and realization got a “R” rating		Essentially, it is easier in some states to get an abortion under the age of 18 without permission from your parents than to see a movie about abortion
I’m seriously wondering how anyone with a moral compass could support ending a child’s life if the baby survives an abortion
I’m so confused how liberals can march in the streets to make sure hardend murderers don’t get the death penalty yet seem perfectly fine with newborn children being killed if they survive an abortion
This is your daily reminder that every Democrat Senator running for President didn’t vote for protections of newborn children who survive abortions
RT @kimguilfoyle: It was my honor to speak at @TPUSA's Young Latino Leadership Summit! These young people are truly the future of our count…
Wow!		Good friend and total patriot David Bossie offering $50,000 in exchange for info leading to arrest of the Berkley attacker!		We must bring forth justice or else what will prevent more hate crimes against conservatives?		RT!		We must stand as one against the violent left https://t.co/28CtyahfES
Today @IvankaTrump elegantly pushed back on @AOC “Unwilling to work” proposal		Ivanka said “I don’t think most Americans, want to be given something”		Instead of giving stuff away, we must focus on training, and workforce development, which Ivanka has been leading the charge on!
This attacker has not yet been arrested or charged with a crime		A hate crime was committed on campus at UC Berkeley and the attacker walks free		If the attacker was wearing a MAGA hat there would have been a nationwide manhunt for him		Outrage!		 https://t.co/7RjbCPUcDf
I’m with brave students at @UCBerkeley, where an ACTUAL hate crime took place last week		Yet it received virtually ZERO coverage		I guess a conservative being attacked by leftists is less pressing than Jussie Smollett attacking himself		Hate crime hoaxes hurt REAL victims!		RT https://t.co/8wbparUU1O
Iran has executed over 5,000 of its citizens for being homosexual		This is why @realDonaldTrump is fighting to decriminalize homosexuality across the world		Why are Democrats resisting this?		And why is the media refusing to cover this?		🤔
By Obama’s second term:		The Middle East was still a disaster		ISIS was growing		North Korea was pointing missiles at the United States		Now, under @realDonaldTrump:		North Korea is peaceful		ISIS is defeated		The Troops are coming home		#MAGA 🇺🇸
Based on all the info we have collected, we do not know this attacker’s name and there has been NO ARREST or CHARGES filed		A conservative is the victim of a vicious attack, and no one is held responsible? 		Where is the media?		Hate crime!		RT!		 https://t.co/7RjbCPUcDf
Hey Democrats, here’s your 2020 field:		@KamalaHarris		@CoryBooker 		@ewarren 		@SenGillibrand 		@amyklobuchar 		@BernieSanders 		Every single one of them just voted to allow a live baby to be left to die if it survives a botched abortion		EVERY. SINGLE. ONE.		This is sick		RT
Sick and sinister:		Many Democrats just voted AGAINST not killing newborn infant children		Is this really happening in America?		Where is the media outrage on this?		Is this who we are?		This is a total and complete moral outrage!		Never let Democrats assume power
Bernie Sanders in 1987:		"If we expanded Medicaid [to] everybody. Give everybody a Medicaid card—we would be spending such an astronomical sum of money that, you know, we would bankrupt the nation."		I actually agree with 1987 Breadline Bernie Sanders!		I wonder what changed?		🤔
6 out of 7 of the top Democrat contenders for President voted against an Anti-BDS law in the U.S. Senate		Why did:		Sen. Booker	Sen. Gillibrand	Sen. Warren	Sen. Sanders	Sen. Harris	&amp; Sen. Brown		Fight so hard against Israel—our greatest ally in the Middle East?		🤔
We were told:		Trump will wreck the stock market (hitting record highs) 	Trump will ruin the economy (never stronger) 	Trump will mishandle ISIS (totally destroyed) 	Trump will start a war in Korea (historic peace deal coming)		And now we are told Trump will lose reelection?		🤔
Fact:		Bernie Sanders spent $342,000 on private jet travel in last two years		Breadline Bernie loves talking a good game on wealth inequality while spending time at his 3 houses and traveling around on private jets
Celebrities show up to the Oscars wearing:		$100,000+ gowns		$50,000+ jewelry 		$5,000+ shoes		&amp; Are worth millions		Only to lecture America on income inequality and claim they're oppressed?		🤔
In Venezuela minimum wage workers can afford 5 cups of coffee a month and nothing else 		This is the ideology the Democrats are bringing to America 		Socialism destroys, kills, and ruins 		#SocialismSucks
Only in America could celebrities with little to no talent be paid tens of millions of dollars to act in movies, then publicly play the victim and complain about how oppressed they are and how horrible this country is
Wait a minute, the “experts” who never made any progress getting our hostages back, denuclearizing North Korea, or even setting up a a meeting are now challenging @realDonaldTrump who has brought us closer to permanent peace than any other President since the Korean War?		🤔
The Oscars:		The annual gathering of movie star millionaires to complain about how oppressed they are under Donald Trump
Facts:		Black poverty has fallen 21.2% since the election of 	@realDonaldTrump		Lowest EVER black unemployment		1.2 MILLION Black Americans have found work since election		Lowest EVER food stamp enrollment		Black people are doing much better under Trump than they were under Obama
In order to get rich in a capitalist country you must have a good idea, work hard, treat people well, and create value 		In order to get rich in a socialist country you have to be well connected, know the right politicians, and lie your way to the top
One of the greatest threats to America is the fact that our school system is not teaching the next generation morals, American exceptionalism, free enterprise, the constitution, the dangers of socialism, or the value of hard work
California is suing Donald Trump over his decision to spend 6.6 Billion dollars to secure our border and Finish the Wall		Meanwhile, California is building a portion of the 77 BILLION dollar high speed rail train at 89 million dollars PER MILE		🤔
If the first amendment applies to radio, TV, and the internet and the fourth amendment covers electric wiretapping and video surveillance, why does the left say the second amendment only applies to 18th century weapons technology?		🤔
Obama said these are "dangerous times"		He is lying, again		Facts: 		Thanks to 	@realDonaldTrump	 world has never been safer		ISIS is defeated	Our allies respect us	North Korea is being denuclearized	NATO is properly funded	Iran deal terminated &amp; sanctioned	Our enemies fear us
If Jussie Smollett wanted to be a victim of a hate crime so bad why didn’t he just put on a MAGA hat?		🤔
Obama approval rating Feb 2011 - 48%		Trump approval rating Feb 2019 - 50%		Despite relentless attacks from the media 	@realDonaldTrump	 continues to get MORE popular		Absolutely incredible considering the forces against him
GREAT AGAIN:		69% of Americans now say it is a good time to find a quality job—the highest number EVER!		Meanwhile, Democrats want to give away tax dollars to those “unwilling to work”		There’s never been a better time to find a job. Why are Democrats enabling laziness?		🤔
Facts:		70% of the attendees of Trump’s border wall rally in El Paso were hispanic		50% were registered Democrats!		No one understands why Walls WORK better than hispanics in a safe border community, protected by a WALL, like El Paso
Why is immigration from Central American countries increased over the past decade?		Because Socialism in Central America has resulted in:		Gang violence		Political corruption		Abject poverty		Increased sex trafficking		This is what Democrats want America to look like, too
Was amazing to hear these patriotic Hispanic leaders chant “BUILD THE WALL!”		@kimguilfoyle brought down the house as our keynote speaker! 		RT to show how Latinos and Hispanics support strong borders!!  		 https://t.co/r2xo1bigR5
WOW!		Hundreds of young Latinos chant “BUILD THE WALL!” at @TPUSA 		These amazing leaders are SICK of open borders &amp; the danger they cause!		They love America and LOVE @realDonaldTrump		Where is the media covering this?		Largest ever young Hispanic conservative event!		RT! https://t.co/r2xo1bigR5
4 prominent Democrat senators voted for a wall in 2006		Their names? 		Barack Obama 	Hillary Clinton 	Chuck Schumer	Joe Biden 		Most Democrats have supported border security their entire time in office... until President Trump took office		What changed?
Fact:		A plurality of suburban women actually SUPPORT President Trump’s emergency declaration to build the Wall!		The media will not report this but most Americans want our border to be secured. Too many Americans are dying. 		Finish. The. Wall.
Horrible week for Democrats:		Smollett’s fake hate crime to destroy Trump publicly blows up in his face		Kamala Harris’ father called her comments on weed “ a travesty”		Trump approval ratings skyrocket with suburban women and grow with independents		The WALL IS GETTING BUILT		🇺🇸
Why didn’t we have a special investigation into the fact Bill Clinton secretly met with the Attorney General Lynch on a private plane just days before Hillary was let off the hook for her email crimes?		🤔
Breaking:		A new Trump administration rule will cut off Planned Parenthood from hundreds of millions of dollars of taxpayer funding		This is amazing news. Our tax dollars should not be funding abortion clinics that only support Democrats politically
Imagine if Smollett got away with it		Imagine the tension that would have ensued		Imagine the media narrative for weeks, months		Imagine how our country would have been torn apart, on lies		What else has media told us that has divided us that isn’t true?		🤔
Facts:		Welfare costs taxpayers over $1 trillion per year.		Over 1/3 of the U.S. population is enrolled in government welfare.		Nearly 50% of those on welfare stay enrolled for at least 3 plus years		And @BernieSanders &amp; @AOC want to make government even bigger?		🤔
Elizabeth Warren not only lied about being a Native American, she used the lie to unethically &amp; immorally boost her career to get higher pay and a position of privilege at Harvard		Where is the liberal outrage behind Warren hijacking affirmative action programs for her benefit?
I believe Lt. Gov Fairfax deserves due process and presumption of innocence, however what happened to all the media coverage of this controversy?		More specifically, where are his accusers?		If it was a Republican they would be on cable TV multiple times a day demanding justice
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Wow @TPUSA at UC Berkeley continues to try and recruit students on campus despite the horrific attack by an intolerant…
Did you know:		Democrats voted against an amendment to a gun control bill which would notify ICE if an illegal alien failed a background check to buy a gun		Democrats hate ICE so much they’re willing to let illegal aliens bypass background checks and acquire guns illegally		🤔
If Trump supporters were truly committing horrific hate crimes, wouldn’t it be easier for Democrats to simply point out real life examples instead of repeatedly faking staged hoaxes?		🤔
Did you know:		Cory Booker has taken nearly $400,000 from the pharmaceutical lobby while regularly voting against lower drug prices		…And then he campaigns on the platform that drug and healthcare prices are too high		The Left doesn’t care about people they only care about power
If you have to fake two hate crimes to try and prove Trump supporters are racist, maybe Trump supporters aren’t racist?		🤔
May we not lose sight that the sitting Governor of Virginia openly endorsed killing children after they are born and has refused to resign over ANY of the scandals that have been thrown his way		His position of “post birth abortion” must be challenged and repudiated!
I can guarantee you if someone staged a fake hate crime against Obama supporters, lied about it, tried to cover it up, continued to deny it in the face of a ton evidence, that person wouldn’t be allowed to go back to a TV set straight from the courthouse as if nothing happened
Only in America could an actor who is paid millions fake two hate crimes within the same week, lie about it, throw off the police for weeks, continue to lie about it, pull off Oscar level performance on GMA, get arrested for faking the crime, and then STILL play the victim
Facts:		At the top 49 liberal arts colleges in America, Democrat professors outnumber Republicans 48 out of 49 times		44% of professors nationwide identify as liberal &amp; only 9% identify as Conservative		🤔		Next on @IngrahamAngle on @FoxNews
Lowest ever black unemployment rate✅		Lowest ever Hispanic unemployment✅		Lowest women unemployment in 60 yrs✅		The Korean War is over✅		Economy is best it has ever been✅		Taxes at 60 year low✅		ISIS obliterated ✅		US energy independent ✅		What is the left resisting?		🤔
God Bless our incredible Vice President		He is a strong man of faith		He loves the Lord		He loves America		He loves freedom		He is loyal to our President and always has his back		He fights for our values		We are so blessed to have him as our amazing @VP https://t.co/kQeVCygZLd
The media has proven to be dishonest:		Covington Kids		Jussie Smollett		Brett Kavanaugh		Russian Collusion		They continually choose to report whatever narrative is most damaging to Trump and his supporters even if there are no facts or logic to support it
😂 https://t.co/bY94jFEx9l
Hey @KamalaHarris you were quick to denounce a fake hate crime hoax that was debunked		Mind denouncing this attack against a conservative activist on campus in your hometown area and state at UC Berkeley?		Does hate have no home there?		🤔		 https://t.co/7RjbCQbO1P
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: When a liberal like Jussie cries wolf and fakes an attack he receives unmatched coverage, sympathy &amp; support creating a…
Attacks against Trump supporters are on the rise		Students on campus cannot peacefully wear MAGA hats without fear of being attacked		The left is becoming increasingly violent, and desperate as some even plan fake hoaxes to make us look bad		And where is the media?		🤔
Did you know:		Russia donated over $145,000,000 to the Clinton Foundation		Hillary Clinton sold 20% America’s Uranium to Vladimir Putin		And Robert Mueller has spent 2 years and millions of dollars investigating Donald Trump for colluding with Russia during the 2016 election?		🤔
Facts:		Consumer prices in Venezuela rose 800% in 2016 alone		75% of the population has lost 20 lbs. under Maduro		1.5 million Venezuelans flee every year on average		These are the policies of @BernieSanders in action
RT @kimguilfoyle: Freedom of speech is a staple American value... or it used to be!		Violent leftists at UC Berkeley attacked a @tpusa acti…
LEFTIST VIOLENCE ON CAMPUS		While recruiting for our @TPUSA group at UC Berkeley a leftist thug comes &amp; assaults our activists punching him in the face &amp; hitting him repeatedly		Imagine if the attacker was wearing MAGA hat, would be national news!		This is the violent left!		RT! https://t.co/7RjbCPUcDf
Democrats love to parade around their “Green New Deal” and then as soon as McConnell says he will call a vote on it the radical Democrats accuse Republicans of trying to kill the bill		How is calling a vote behind a bill trying to kill it?		🤔
Senator Harris’ father just released the following statement regarding her use of pot and her comments:		“Speaking for myself and my immediate Jamaican family, we wish to categorically disassociate ourselves from this tragedy”		Oh this Democrat primary is going to be really fun
Minnesota’s 5th Congressional District is the District with the highest rate of terrorist recruitment in the United States. 		It is represented by @IlhanMN who has:		Defended ISIS recruits asking for compassion		Called for lighter sentences on terrorists		Called Israel evil
Wow		A lobbyist who paid massive amounts of money to @AOC’s campaign funneled thousands of dollars to her boyfriend		Her boyfriend is now a paid staffer in her office		The lobbyist is now her chief of staff		In less than one month in office, @AOC became the swamp
WOW!		Gay, black, veteran @robSmithOnline calls out criminal Jussie Smollett		He tried to start a massive racial conflict for personal gain		He is a coward, a criminal - he is what happens when VICTIMHOOD becomes CURRENCY		RT this message!!		Jussie should go to prison!		@TPUSA https://t.co/dnE3KH5vt7
Imagine hating a President so much you first try to send yourself a hateful letter to get attention, once that doesn’t work you hire two guys to stage a hate crime, rehearse it, fail miserably in the execution of it, still go with the hoax, then lie about it till you get arrested
They tried to destroy Trump - he fought back, and won		They tried to destroy Kavanaugh - he fought back, and won		They tried to destroy the Covington Catholic Kids - they are fighting back, and will win		We conservatives have allowed the left to go unchecked for too long - fight!
Breaking:		Jussie Smollett officially charged with disorderly conduct and filing a false police report		Good! 		Make him pay a steep price for lying, faking a hate crime, and trying to incite massive conflict for personal gain		Prison is what he deserves
Breaking:		Jussie Smollett now officially declared a suspect by Chicago police		If he did indeed plan this fake hate crime I hope he serves the maximum sentence in prison possible for this type of crime		He tried to rip this country apart on lies
May we never forget how Kamala Harris tried to ruin the honorable Justice Kavanaugh publicly on pure lies simply to build her name ID and fundraising base for 2020		Totally despicable.
.@AOC says that Trump’s wall is just like the Berlin Wall		Someone should tell the Congresswoman, the reason they had to build the Berlin wall was to keep people from fleeing East Germany because it was a Socialist, Communist Hellhole - ideas she believes in and fights for
.@KamalaHarris didn’t remember tweeting about Jussie Smollett and the hoax which she called a “modern day lynching”		But she expected Justice Kavanaugh to remember every conversation he may have had with any lawyer at a law firm that he may not have even spoken to?		🤔
No coincidence that within days of Barr becoming the new Attorney General Mueller is then ready to end his investigation		This has gone on for far too long, finally the witch hunt is coming to an end!
Nick Sandmann's lawyers are preparing a HUGE Libel suit against:		CNN	NPR	The Atlantic	HBO	Elizabeth Warren	Ilhan Omar	And more...		...Are all about to be served justice for what they did to an innocent teenager all because he dared to support for our President		Go Nick Go!
Facts:		The oil &amp; natural gas industry in Texas has paid over 14 BILLION dollars in state and local taxes &amp; royalties		That equates to 38 million dollars a day earmarked to fund:		Schools		Universities		Roads		First Responders		And Democrats want to eliminate this industry?		🤔
Imagine a Deputy AG that said he wanted to wear a wire to remove Obama		Imagine a FISA Judge that allowed wiretapping of Obama		Imagine a FBI agent who planned a 25th amen. coup		Imagine a FBI director who claimed Obama was bought by our enemies		Imagine how the media would react
As long as California thinks they can continue to defy federal immigration law and harbor sanctuary cities we shouldn’t fund their stupid, wasteful, and horrific high speed rail project, which is billions over budget and way behind		Cancel the funding, bravo @realDonaldTrump !
The Bible is the most spectacular &amp; greatest book ever to exist 		No book has been translated, copied, or read as much as the Bible		66 books, 35 authors, 5,000 years of history		Every human problem can be answered in the Bible		So why aren’t students being taught the Bible? 		🤔
Joe Biden called America an "embarrassment" while overseas in Europe.		Well Americans think it was embarrassing when his administration:		Refused to send support to Benghazi while Americans died		Send pallets of cash to Iran		Let Syria cross Obama’s “Red Line” &amp; gas its citizens
National emergencies declared under Obama:		To aid Somalia		To aid Libya		To aid Yemen		To aid Ukraine		To Aid Venezuela		National emergencies declared by Trump:		To aid America 		And yet it’s Trump who is abusing his power?		🤔
Anti-Trump gay man fakes a hate crime to try and delegitimize a patriot movement of Americans 	--&gt; @JussieSmolett		Pro-Trump gay man launches global effort to decriminalize homosexuality 	--&gt; @RichardGrenell 		Which one will the media focus on more?		🤔
Today the Covington Catholic students filed a lawsuit seeking $250 million in damages against the Washington Post		Dozens more lawsuits expected as parents seek justice for their kids who have been slandered and defamed for the past month by the media		About time we fight back!
Obama and Clinton have gotten away with: 		Uranium One	Benghazi	Solyndra	Fast &amp; Furious	IRS targeting	Cash to Iran	Rigging a primary against Bernie 	Illegally storing emails	Paying for a fake dossier	Lying under oath	Spying on Trump	 	And Trump is the one under investigation? 🤔
How does someone:		Own three homes		Become a millionaire in a free market system		Honeymoon in the USSR		Never hold a real job		Spend hundreds of thousands on private air travel		...claim to be a Socialist and qualified enough to be President?		I don't know—ask @BernieSanders		🤔
RICH AGAIN:		During the first tax season since the GOP tax cuts, analysis has shown that an average family of four got a $2,917 tax cut this year		Tax cuts are working!		Why does @KamalaHarris wants to take that money away from Americans?		🤔
Bernie Sanders spent nearly $300,000 on private air travel in October		For a committed socialist he sure seems to love living like a capitalist
Democrats’ 2020 Platform:		Tearing down border walls		80% tax rates		Free money for those “unwilling to work”		Killing jobs in the airline industry, farming, oil &amp; gas, ranching, &amp; manufacturing		Getting rid of private health insurance		Opposing Israel		Free late term abortions
Imagine being a Democrat:		You historically lost the 2016 election		Every prediction about Trump failing has been hilariously wrong		Two strong conservatives are now on the Supreme Court		Trump approval ratings over 50%		Wall is getting built		Must suck to be on the left
“In Chicago, there was an old tradition of throwing a brick through your own campaign office window, &amp; then calling a press conference to say that you've been attacked”		David Axelrod, 2010		Smollett is playing the Democrat Chicago playbook		Make up a crisis, lie, play the victim
Trump - 2 years on the job, 4 million jobs created		Ocasio-Cortez - 1 month on the job, 25,000 jobs lost
Still waiting for @EllenPage to apologize for accusing Mike Pence for being behind the fake hate crime Smollett		When will the media finally be held accountable for the lives their ruin and the lies they tell?
Kavanaugh		Covington		Smollett		We are becoming a country where the accusation outweighs the facts, where victims are glorified more than the truth		The media hates Trump so much they will believe ANYTHING just to make his Presidency less successful
Trump is trying to bring America together		It is the media and the left like Jussie Smollett who are dividing America		This was a funded, planned, &amp; deliberate attempt to attack Trump and our entire movement		The punishment for faking a hate crime must be harsh		Prosecute Jussie
Socialism is on the rise in America		Socialism was tried 100 times in the 100 years resulting in 100 million people slaughtered all for the “greater good”		Check out this exchange with a college socialist 		@realDonaldTrump is spot on - socialism kills!		 https://t.co/QFpkqDs3l9
If capitalism is evil and socialism is the answer, why isn’t the caravan heading for Venezuela?		🤔
Why do we have a special prosecutor looking into Russian collusion when it’s the FBI itself who has multiple people who lied under oath, broke the law to leak documents, discussed mounting a coup to entrap a President, and authorized the spying of Trump?		🤔
People who fought and fled socialism are now seeing their grandkids go to college and learn to advocate bringing it here
Sick:		A Tennessee man was arrested on Saturday after pulling a gun on a couple because they were wearing a Make America Great Again hats		This is a REAL HATE CRIME - not a fake one like Smollett planned, lied about, paid for, &amp; pretended to cry about		Where is the media?
If politicians wanted to keep black people poor, they should send them to Baltimore public schools 		A report released in 2017 found that 13 high schools in Baltimore had ZERO students proficient in Math		90% of Black boys in Baltimore schools cannot read at grade level https://t.co/peZv2A26ss
Rod Rosenstein should be investigated for trying to mount a internal governmental coup against a US President		He offered multiple times to wear a wire to entrap the President and enact the 25th amendment		Imagine for a minute if this was done to a Democrat President
Facts:		 3,750,000 Americans moved to Texas, Florida, North Carolina, Arizona from 2007-2016—all states with low taxes &amp; are generally Republican		3,400,000 moved OUT of high tax states New York, California, Illinois, and New Jersey		Americans are rejecting Democratic policies
Did you know:		In same city Jussie's staged and fake hate crime, a mentally disabled teen was kidnapped, tied up for 5 hours, &amp; scalped/beaten by 4 people on livestream		They screamed "f** Trump" and "f*** white people" as they beat him		Why did media ignore this REAL HATE CRIME?
We should give as much media coverage and scrutiny to people that fake hate crimes for attention as the original coverage of the incident		There is hatred in America, however imagine how much hatred you must have within you to stage a fake hate crime to gain attention like this
If I saw a Republican President achieve the lowest ever black unemployment rate, a 500% increase in black owned businesses, sign prison reform, pardon wrongly convicted people of color, and win back the black vote, I would be desperate to believe fabricated hate crimes too
Facts:		Border crossings in El Paso are down 95% since a wall was put up		Crime in Juarez is higher than in El Paso—the only thing between them?	A Wall		What does @SherrodBrown know about border security?		The left is blindly fighting to tear down walls &amp; put our country at risk https://t.co/kVlzR8PzIl
I totally agree! Would be a huge win for @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/x262n0G9dT
Amazon paid ZERO in federal taxes despite posting 11 BILLION in earnings		This is cronyism!		Did you also know Amazon is on the verge of $100 BILLION dollar taxpayer funded contract over 10 years to manage all the federal government data?		@realDonaldTrump should block this deal!
Covington		Smollett		Fake Cohen story debunked by Mueller		The media has become so determined to destroy Trump they no longer care about facts or reporting		The media hates Trump much more than they love the truth
You are a fraud https://t.co/p1ZRxkJict
Only in America could someone be able to swindle the media and pop culture into a obviously faked hoax of a hate crime to try and play the victim to attack Trump supporters only to then accuse anyone who dared question his fabricated story as racist		He should be arrested
.@AOC has done more damage to her community than any representative in recent memory		She killed a multi billion dollar investment from coming to New York and with it 25,000 middle class jobs		She cares more about herself than her constituents		She is a perfect socialist https://t.co/LNrJFcjJww
Did you know:		NY is now starting to suffer massive gas shortages		Customer are unable to sign up for natural gas &amp; utilities		100K+ jobs have been lost since banning fracking		This is what America will be like under the Green New Deal		Coming up on @FoxNews with @JudgeJeanine
The President should appoint his most loyal and effective Ambassador to the UN, Ric Grenell!		He is a dear friend, smart, and gets stuff done		A big easy win for @realDonaldTrump - let’s bring Ric to the UN!
For weeks we have been calling this a staged fake hate crime		The media demagogued us and the left attacked anyone who dared question the status quo		Arrest him and charge him with faking a hate crime and manufacturing a crisis for his own gain		Imagine how sick you must be		RT https://t.co/4hihMcBj9E
The people who fight hardest against socialism are the ones who actually lived under it, fled gunfire, had to wait weeks to eat, and saw loved ones killed for disagreeing with the government
Fact:		ICE arrested 138,117 illegal immigrants with criminal convictions and REMOVED 168,058 with criminal convictions		@KamalaHarris—why do you support abolishing this heroic organization that is keeping America safe?		🤔
Beto O’ Rourke is calling for the existing fencing &amp; walls in the El Paso sector of the border to be torn down		2020 Democrats are starting to agree with him		I wonder if they know that illegal border crossings are down 95% in El Paso since they built a wall there?		🤔
Unacceptable:		An illegal alien raped a child in Philadelphia after the city refused to comply with an ICE detainer request &amp; released him back into the city		Sanctuary city mayors should be arrested for defying federal immigration law &amp; be held civilly liable for these incidents
Did you know Obama declared 13 national emergencies while President?		I don’t remember the media freaking out or lawsuits being filed against him		🤔
Fact:		Texas produced a record 1.5 BILLION barrels of oil in 2018		Over 350,000 Texans are employed in oil and natural gas with wages around $130,000 annually		And @AOC and @KamalaHarris want to put every single one of them out of work		🤔
It is fitting that @AOC who supports giving people money to people who are “unwilling to work” is celebrating Amazon leaving NY and with it billions of dollars in investment &amp; 25,000 jobs		She did more damage to her own community than any Democrat I can think of in recent memory
.@Aoc is having a tough week		She ran Amazon out of NYC killing 25,000 working class jobs for her constituents she pretends to fight for		She is accused (with strong evidence) of breaking ethics rules by hiring her boyfriend on staff		Green New Deal political joke of 2019
Wow - @AOC denies her boyfriend is on her staff and yet this official document lists him on your staff		Starting to look like a major ethics violation and you lied to cover it up. https://t.co/7QyMfm4y4b
Lots of reports that @aoc hired her boyfriend on official congressional taxpayer funded payroll		If true, isn’t this a massive ethics violation?		Her whole message is power to the people and DC is corrupt		If this is true she is a perfect liberal, a hypocrite!
Why won't you meet with angel mom families and tell them that? What are you afraid of? https://t.co/BqfDeIgXtw
Morning Consult / Politico Poll:		77% of 2012 Romney voters support declaring a national emergency to build a wall		79% of GOP voters support		83% of Trump 2016 voters support it		Overwhelming support within the party and movement for this		Build it!
National Emergency!		There have been 58 national emergency acts since 1976 and 31 are still active		There is precedent to get this done, our border is a domestic threat and a national security issue		Our open border costs us hundreds of billions a year		Go Trump Go
NYC will be spending $2.06 billion on the homeless this year		There are 61,421 homeless people in NYC spending $33K per person		Department of Homeless budget is $2.06 billion while the FDNY budget is $2.04 billion		More money will be spent on homeless than our firefighter heroes
Breaking:		Trump to declare national emergency freeing up $8 billion for wall funding		This is why we elected Trump!
If true, he should go to prison for faking a hate crime, lying about it, misleading police, and creating a fake outrage sensation over absolutely nothing to make Trump supporters look racist. https://t.co/mkKBANNwLa
Democrats’ first bill in Congress, HR1 mandates that illegal aliens be included in all future redistricting		Illegal Aliens should not count towards the US Census and they should not count when it comes to drawing districts		This is TRUE foreign interference in our elections
Could you imagine if senior level officials of the FBI conspired with the deputy attorney general to wear a wire to entrap a Democrat President of the United States to invoke the 25th amendment to remove him from office?		🤔
Fact:		According to the Federal Register, 58 national emergencies have been declared since the National Emergency Act of 1976 was signed into law by President Gerald Ford.		And 31 have been annually renewed and are currently still in effect, as listed in the Federal Register.
Brilliant!		Trump to sign spending bill to begin to build the wall and will ALSO declare a national emergency		Expect this to be tied up in the courts immediately and it will go to the Supreme Court		We have your back Mr President! Build it!
Remember when we Republicans controlled the house and senate for two years?		Why didn’t they approve the President’s border wall during those two years?		It appears there are parts of both parties that want open borders, for different wrong reasons		Makes me sick.
Andrew McCabe is now openly bragging about starting the Russia hoax witch hunt against Trump		This was nothing more than a Democrat revenge campaign to destabilize a President who promised to undo the leftist garbage of past Presidents		Investigate McCabe!!
Did you know:		The EU funded billions of Euros for a 764 Kilometer border wall between Turkey and Syria		Just like the walls in:		Hungary		Vatican City		Israel		The same hypocritical globalist liberals who attack Trump’s border have built walls all over Europe &amp; the world
Annual cost of illegal immigration by state:		CA.. $21.8 Billion 	NY.. $9.5 Billion 	TX.. $8.9 Billion 	FL.. $5.5 Billion	IL.. $4.6 Billion	NJ.. $3.5 Billion 	AZ.. $2.6 Billion 	GA. $2.4 Billion		Annual national cost over $84 billion		Illegals are a financial drain on our country
🤔 https://t.co/6Xy03PTMkG
.@RepGwenMoore just dismissed President Trump’s HISTORIC accomplishments		She says record low		Black	Hispanic 	&amp; female unemployment 		And even record wage growth are just “blah blah blah”		Democrats don’t care about people they only care about power https://t.co/ZBTwJcqtFn
Cost of the Green New Deal before @AOC addresses “Green” policies:		Single payer healthcare: $32 trillion +		Universal jobs guarantee for those “Unable or UNWILLING to work”: At LEAST $10T		Universal basic income (NOT jobs): $5+T		Universal Education: $2+T		🤔
Net worth before running for President:		Trump family: $4.5 billion	Obama - $3 million	Clinton - $480,000		Today:		Trump family: $3 billion ⬇️	Obama - $40 million ⬆️	Clinton - $100 million ⬆️		But Trump is the guy trying to steal your money?		🤔
Had a chance to debate a committed socialist on @FoxNation 		He ran for president as a socialist &amp; thinks BERNIE is too moderate. Nice guy but totally wrong &amp; his ideas are dangerous		If his ideas worked then why are millions of people fleeing Cuba &amp; Venezuela for America? 🤔		RT https://t.co/RRc9ehYmNZ
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: To be clear, I can’t prove that the mainstream media isn’t working with Russia to destroy our democracy... after two ye…
Senate Intel Committee: No Collusion!		We already knew that, so now can we investigate and prosecute the countless Democrats for lying under oath, falsifying FISA applications, spying on Trump, lying to judges, colluding with Russian surrogates, &amp; selling uranium for cash?		🤔
You ever hear of Democrat privilege?		It means you can commit crimes without going to jail &amp; do anything without consequences		Like Keith Ellison beating his girlfriend		Like Hillary selling out America for cash		Like Kerry violating Logan act		Like Comey lying under oath
The new border deal has $1.3 billion for a wall on the southern border, which is less than the $1.7 billion in CASH we gave the dictators in Iran		Why are Democrats ok with giving pallets of cash to Iran but hesitant to give that amount or more to secure our country?		🤔
Hilarious:		Robert Francis O’Rourke, “Beto”, the fake Hispanic who lost his senate election despite spending $70 million - protested walls yesterday despite being surrounded by 20 foot high chain link fences to control the crowd
Can someone explain to me how we are supposed to rebuild our economy with high speed rail trains when California’s bullet train is billions over budget and massively delayed on timing?		🤔
Why don’t we use the $14 BILLION we seized from El Chapo to fund the wall?		🤔
Maxine Waters pays her daughter $100,000 to work for her campaign		Maxine has accumulated multi-million dollar net worth keeping her community poor 		Maxine lives out of her district in a multi million dollar home 		Poverty is a lucrative business for the Democrat political elite
.@realDonaldTrump:		Gave highest EVER level of funding to HBCUs		Achieved record low black unemployment		Signed HISTORIC criminal justice reform		Invested over $100 Billion in black communities through the TCJA		What exactly was Obama doing for minorities for those 8 years?		🤔
Democrats want California to be the blueprint for America		46th in education		15th in crime		Highest homeless population		Highest poverty rate		Worst pollution		Most illegals		Holds the most debt		Jail time for misgendering but not for spreading HIV		All run by Democrats		🤔
RT @kimguilfoyle: If you don’t think @realDonaldTrump is going to #FinishTheWall—you haven’t been paying attention. This is a promises made…
Economists predict 1.3 million Americans will leave Blue states like California for Red states like Texas in the next 3 years because of high taxes		Over the past decade, 3.5 million have relocated from high-tax to low-tax states		The left destroys everything it touches
Big deal:		Today the 9th circuit sided with Trump over environmental waivers to pave the way to build the border wall		Yes, that 9th circuit!!		We are on step closer to getting the wall
Incredible speech by @realDonaldTrump tonight in Texas		This was the OVERFLOW crowd from Trump’s rally		He will get convincingly re-elected in 2020		I can’t wait for another 6 years and at least 2 more supreme court justices , maybe more!		#MAGA https://t.co/6ort0c53ms
Tough day for Democrats:		Member of Congress Omar gets bipartisan backlash for horrific anti-semitism		Robert Francis O’Rourke “Beto” draws pathetic crowd to protest Trump		Trump hits record high 52% approval despite relentless attacks from media and 90% negative coverage		🇺🇸
An honest question for Democrats:		If wall are immoral, and if walls "end lives" as Beto said, is their position now to tear down all of the fencing and walls on the southern border?		If they are such menace do they support the destruction of all barriers in America?		🤔
Robert Francis O'Rourke, the fake Hispanic guy who tried to be Senator, massively failed in trying to pull of a counter event to Trump tonight. 2020 is looking very bright #MAGA https://t.co/4RywzGxxVz
If illegal immigrants were likely to vote Republican the Wall would have already been built 50 feet high with barbed wire and if anyone dared disagree with it you would be called a racist
Does anyone else find it weird that the media haven’t been searching for Governor Northam’s classmates to find the truth behind the pictures?		If he was a Republican there would be dozens of students daily saying he was a racist and must resign
Lowest ever black unemployment rate✅		Lowest ever Hispanic unemployment✅		Lowest women unemployment in 60 yrs✅		The Korean War is over✅		Economy is best it has ever been✅		Taxes at 60 year low✅		ISIS obliterated ✅		US energy independent ✅		What is the left resisting?		🤔
.@AOC’s green new deal would end:		Space travel		Steaks		Cars		Airplanes		Tanks		Cows		Nuclear energy &amp; nuclear weapons		Millions of American jobs		U.S. dominance on the world stage		Is this is the Democrats’ 2020 agenda?		🤔
Did you know:		The cost of illegal immigration in 2019:		Over $20,000,000,000 a month		On any given day, illegal immigration costs over 600 MILLION dollars		It’s time to BUILD THE WALL to save American lives &amp; Americans’ tax dollars		 https://t.co/9d8hm5LZCz
Why are we talking about how to send illegals to college for free when most families can’t afford college as it is right now?		🤔
Breaking:		Trump’s approval rating soars to 52% according to Rasmussen, the most accurate polling company before the 2016 election		Despite relentless attacks by the media Trump is perfectly positioned to win re-election		#MAGA
The more we learn the more we realize it’s the Democrats who have been truly colluding with Russia to corrupt our democracy and interfere in our elections
Fact:		80% of those who were forced to pay up to $2,085 dollars by Obamacare’s individual mandate were making under $50,000 per year		Obamacare was a tax on the middle class		Donald Trump’s repeal of major provisions of the ACA have saved Americans $450B over the next 10 years
Under Obama, Congress wasted:		3 Billion on a broken Obamacare website		3 billion on Obama’s failed Cash For Clunkers program		2 Billion on the Solyndra scandal		Billions to IRAN		But they’re not okay with 5 billion for a border wall to keep America safe?		🤔 https://t.co/qFvYj9DjAw
Trump has given the Democrats endless opportunities to negotiate and strike a deal for border security		It’s time to declare a national emergency		Build the wall, protect America		We will never get another chance to get this done
In the past 2 years Immigration officers arrested 266,000 Criminal aliens with previous convictions, including:		100,000 assaults		30,000 sex crimes		4,000 murders		And @AOC wants to put every one of the brave men and women protecting our country out of a job?		🤔
Fact:		Fentanyl caused 29% of US overdoses in 2016		90% of Fentanyl in the United States comes across the Southern Border		According to DHS, Mexican cartels are the #1 distributors &amp; suppliers of the drug in the US		How many more Americans have to die before we Build The Wall?
Didn't you attack Kavanaugh for liking beer? 🤔 https://t.co/KfbLTItzYz
Only a Democrat would try and make global warming a key issue of their campaign in the midst of a blizzard and 15 degree temperatures
Fact:		780 people were murdered in Juarez Mexico in 2017		Only 19 people were murdered in El Paso, TX in 2017		Why the disparity?		Because there is a giant Wall between the two cities		Build the Wall, Crime Will Fall
Accused murderer spared abortion charge thanks to Cuomo’s new law		Democrats have become so radical they are allowing murderers to walk free		Where is the outrage from the media on this?		Any comment - ⁦@KamalaHarris⁩ ⁦@AOC⁩ ? https://t.co/pWe2KOFLD0
Did you know:		In 2017, @IlhanMN voted no on a bill in the Minnesota Legislature that blocked payments to the children &amp; spouses of known terrorists		How did she get elected to Congress?		🤔
I can’t take a politician seriously who has been in Congress since the 1980’s who then blames a new President for America’s problems
If Rob Lowe had made a joke about a Republican candidate for President it would be heralded by the media and he would be asked to host the next awards show		The left has killed comedy in America
The very same people upset at the fake crisis of children being separated from their parents at the border are eerily silent with the new wave of post birth abortion which murders babies once fully born
.@KamalaHarris supports a universal background check on Americans exercising their Second Amendment right to buy a gun		Why doesn’t she support any sort of background check on the thousands of illegal aliens flowing across our Southern border every day?		🤔
Just weeks after a HUGE fentanyl bust in her own backyard, Elizabeth Warren claims that ICE doesn’t keep America safe &amp; calls for abolishment		On top of drug busts, ICE arrests:		Sex traffickers	Pedophiles	Drug &amp; arms traffickers	Murderers		Why does the left want abolish ICE?		🤔
Absolutely sickening:		New York’s new law allowing late-term abortion has resulted in the dropping of abortion charges against a man arrested for murdering his pregnant girlfriend.		Democrats pushing for radical post birth abortion allows murderers to walk free		No words.
"Experts" said Trump would lose in historic fashion (Huge win)		'Experts" said Trump will start war with N. Korea (Close to peace)		"Experts" said tax cut will ruin economy (Record growth)		"Experts" said Trump would be horrible for black community (lowest ever unemployment)
AP is already saying “Northam survives the scandal”		Let us not forget even more disturbing than his yearbook is his current position on abortion		He believes in “post birth abortion” - allowing a baby to be delivered then killed once out of the womb		This is the true scandal
Democrats 2008: Abortions Should be safe, legal and accessible		Democrats 2018: Abortions should be free and unrestricted		Democrats 2019: If a baby is born and the mother doesn’t want it, medical care may be withheld post delivery		What comes next?		🤔
At Harvard they gave Elizabeth Warren a professor spot because she is 1/1024th Native American		She is a fraud who used affirmative action to get into a position of influence and power		Harvard should be equally ashamed for rewarding these lies and falsehoods
Facts:		Since the beginning of Venezuela's Socialist Revolution, 85% of businesses have closed		Maduro has increased the minimum wage by 3500% causing 40% of remaining businesses to close		It's not that Socialism wasn't properly implemented, it's that it was PERFECTLY implemented
During the Kavanaugh confirmations I alongside millions of other conservatives demanded due process and presumption of innocence for Justice Kavanaugh		With Lt Governor Fairfax, even with very credible accusations, we should demand no different		All people deserve due process
Facts about planned parenthood: 		652,639 abortions performed last year		49% were minorities 		Sells organs and baby body parts (caught on camera) 		Refused to report sex traffickers to FBI and DOJ		Doesn’t perform mammograms 		Receives $500 million of taxpayer funding every year
Illegals should not be counted in the census		Basic projections show that California gets an extra 9 electoral votes because of counting illegals 		This disenfranchises Montana, Wyoming, and North Dakota, COMBINED! 		This is true foreign interference in our election
Fact:		According to NAS the cost of each illegal border-crosser is is $74,722		If a Wall stopped anywhere between 160,000-200,000 illegals, meaning if it were only 9-12% effective—it would save the taxpayer 12 to 15 BILLION dollars		Build the wall!		 https://t.co/97bN8L3ukp
Obama approval rating Feb 2011 - 48%		Trump approval rating Feb 2019 - 50%		Despite relentless attacks from the media @realDonaldTrump continues to get MORE popular		Absolutely incredible considering the forces against him
The Left claims to support vigorous background checks on gun purchases for Americans. 		Why don’t they support the same vetting for:		Voting/Voter ID		Illegal Aliens		Refugees		🤔
Sick:		The beautiful and talented @KellyannePolls was assaulted a few months ago at a restaurant when she was with her daughter		No person should be attacked for their political views
Democrats say we should #BelieveWomen until their own party leaders are accused, then they attack the accusers and quickly force the media to move onto other subjects
Facts:		At the top 49 liberal arts colleges in America, Democrat professors outnumber Republicans 48 out of 49 times		On average, the ratio of Democrat to Republican is 13:1		38/49 have less than 10 Republicans on staff		At 3 schools, Republicans are outnumbered more than 120:1
Did you know:		California has a program to pay gang members 1.5 million dollars to keep the peace in major California cities		Taxpayer dollars are being spent to fund California gangs		And California Senator @KamalaHarris wants to run the rest of the country like California		🤔
4 prominent Democrat senators voted for a wall in 2006		Their names? 		Barack Obama 	Hillary Clinton 	Chuck Schumer	Joe Biden 		Most Democrats have supported border security their entire time in office... until President Trump took office		What changed?
At Dickinson University their newspaper published an article “should white boys be allowed to talk”		This is unbelievably racist and wrong		Imagine if they used the word “black” instead of “white”		This is the garbage being taught in our schools		RT to show the world https://t.co/0Dn3r9QpYt
Where are the Democrats calling for an FBI investigation into the Governor and Lt Governor of Virginia? 		Remember when Democrats held up the Kavanaugh confirmation just so the FBI could prove the allegations against Justice Kavanaugh were false?		🤔
If a Republican faked being a Native American for years, lied about it repeatedly and then lied about the lies they told, utterly failed a DNA test that ends up showing you lied, and then shrugging it off as “racist attacks” that person’s career would be over and forced to resign
This is your reminder that just this week the former KKK leader David Duke endorsed a Democrat running for President		Remember when he endorsed Republicans? It was headline news despite the rejections		Funny how the media ignores it when the KKK leaders go back to being Democrats
Why can't we defund Planned Parenthood and give that $500 million a year to women's clinics that don't perform abortions? 		🤔
Tough week for Democrats:		Your “rising star” wants to ban air travel and give money to people “unwilling to work”		Virginia Democrat Governor, Lt Governor, and Attorney General in crisis		New evidence shows Warren did pretend to be Indian		Trump SOTU rated amongst best ever		🇺🇸
Did you know:		Cory Booker has taken nearly $400,000 from the pharmaceutical lobby while regularly voting against lower drug prices		…And then he campaigns on the platform that drug and healthcare prices are too high		The Left doesn’t care about people they only care about power
Today @AOC's plan offers cash for people "unwilling to work"		Thats right, the Democrat party wants to give money away to people who simply don't want to work and want to have others pay for their life		Their ideas will destroy our country		We cannot allow them to gain power
In the past 6 weeks:		A Border Patrol officer was assaulted by an illegal alien in Arizona		The largest EVER Fentanyl bust was recorded in Texas where agents seized enough to kill every American		Agents convicted 2 convicted sex offenders convicted of crimes with minors
Did you know:		@KamalaHarris once weaponized the California DOJ against pro-life journalists in her state who exposed Planned Parenthood selling baby parts for cash		All while she was accepting millions in contributions from Planned Parenthood		🤔
We are so excited to announce that @bennyjohnson is joining the greatest team of freedom fighters in America at Turning Point USA!		Benny is bringing his humor, wit, and talent to @TPUSA as our new Chief Creative Officer		Welcome to the team Benny, let’s get to work! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Anyone convicted of rape or child sex trafficking by a jury should get life in prison with no parole		A convicted rapist will only serve an average of 5 yrs in prison according to DOJ		We have a under imprisonment problem for these crimes		Lock them up for the rest of their life
Robert Mueller is a taxpayer funded hit job against our incredible President		Why isn’t the Republican controlled Senate holding committee hearings demanding oversight of his operation?		We the taxpayers deserve to know where the $30 million of our money is being spent!
I’m waiting for		Corey Booker		Elizabeth Warren		Kamala Harris		Kirsten Gilibrand		To publicly demand the resignation of all the Virginia Democrats who are accused of wrongdoing		These Democrat Presidential hopefuls tried to destroy Kavanaugh with far less evidence
Mueller has never been about “Russian Collusion”		It was and remains a taxpayer funded hit squad against 	@realDonaldTrump	 and his allies		They are using $30 million of taxpayer funds with committed Democrat lawyers to destroy the most successful President of our generation
To be fair, the next time a Democrat is elected President a special counsel should be immediately formed made up of 100% Republicans for the sole purpose of finding ANY crime they or anyone they have ever met has committed with the goal of impeachment		Sound fair?
Did you know:		Besides lowest ever Black unemployment		Hispanic unemployment		And Veteran unemployment		More disabled Americans are currently working in America than ever before		@RealDonaldTrump is making America Great Again for ALL Americans
Did you know:		The cost of illegal immigration so far in 2019:		Over $20,000,000,000 in just over one month		On any given day, illegal immigration costs over 600 MILLION dollars		It’s time to BUILD THE WALL to save American lives and Americans’ tax dollars
Evil:		Maduro and his socialist cronies just blocked US aid to starving Venezuelans. Some of whom have lost 20+ pounds due to food shortages		Socialism kills people, is evil, immoral, and the great enemy we must confront both abroad and here in America
GREAT AGAIN:		Multiple states are introducing legislation to incorporate OPTIONAL biblical literacy classes into their education curriculum		This is excellent. The Bible is the most influential book ever written, why would it not be taught in schools
Venezuela has been suffering under Socialism for years		Venezuela was once the wealthiest nation in South America with the largest oil reserves		Today, they’re in an abject state of policy and despair		Why does @AOC want America to look more like Venezuela?		🤔
Facts:		Female unemployment lowest in 65 years		Trump’s SBA lent $500 million more to women-owned businesses in 2017 than Obama did in 2016		Trump launched the Women’s Entrepreneurs Finance Initiative to promote female entrepreneurs		What are feminists "resisting" exactly?		🤔
You remained seated during the President mentioning all time low disabled, black, and latino unemployment		You also didn’t clap or applaud during child sex traffickers being arrested		Care to comment as to why? https://t.co/gd9syEInI9
CNN Instant Poll: #SOTU⁠ ⁠ viewers rated @realDonaldTrump⁠ speech as 59% Very positive		17% somewhat positive		23% Negative		Overall 76% view his⁠ speech positively. This is the highest number of any instant poll they’ve done of his speeches
RT @kimguilfoyle: GUILFOYLE: President Trump’s State Of The Union Was A Grand Slam https://t.co/rT1fHcOGwB via @dailycaller
CBS Poll: 76% Approved of POTUS' SOTU Speech, 72% Approve of His Immigration Ideas		#SOTU
I am so thankful to have @realDonaldTrump as our amazing President		He is relentless and continues his courageous fight for America despite historic opposition from the media, Democrats, deep state, and sometimes even his own party
Reminder:		Stacey Abrams is a failed Democratic candidate for Governor		She owes the IRS thousands in back taxes		She advocates for comprehensive gun confiscation		She ran for Governor on Socialist policies		This is the best the Democrats have to offer		#SOTU
This was the best State of the Union speech of our generation and possibly one of the greatest ever given 		Strong, emotional, visionary, and passionate		We are so blessed to have him as our President
Many Democrats blamed President Trump for the Pittsburgh Synagogue shooting and label him as Anti-Semitic despite being the most pro-Israel president in history		Meanwhile, Democrats like @IlhanMN openly embrace rabid, racist anti-Semitic rhetoric and policies
ISIS getting slaughtered: 		Square miles liberated from ISIS	Trump: 26,000 --  Obama: 13,200		Total Square miles held by ISIS	Trump: 1,930 -- Obama: 17,500		Estimated # of total ISIS Fighters:	Trump: 1,000 -- Obama 35,000		# of people freed: 	Trump: 5.3M -- Obama 2.4M
WE ARE BORN FREE AND WILL STAY FREE
Trump: “America will never become a socialist country”		@BernieSanders — https://t.co/zagDVHDUK8
.@AOC and Democrat women stand and clap when the President talks about the women in Congress		...Yet refuse to stand and clap at the notion of protecting future women in Congress who are being murdered in record numbers by leftist abortion policies
Trump is exactly right, without his brilliant foreign policy work another endless and reckless war would be occurring in North Korea - he deserves the Nobel Peace Prize!
Live look at Democrats reacting to Trump trying to end post birth abortion and late term abortion, when babies can taste, breathe, and feel on their own		Despicable		Anyone who votes Democrat supports this savagery		#SOTU https://t.co/rJRvZQDBa9
Facts:		Sections of the border with physical barriers have far fewer illegal alien crossings		 San Diego—down 92% since barrier		 El Paso—down 95% since barrier		 Tucson—down 90% since barrier		 Yuma—down 95% since barrier		 Walls Work.		#SOTU
Trump did it, his success is so overwhelming he got the white coat protestors to applaud his amazing economic progress for women 		#SOTU
Live look at @AOC reluctantly standing up refusing to clap when @realDonaldTrump talks about child sex traffickers are being arrested		Look behind her almost every Democrat seems upset child sex criminals are going to prison		RT https://t.co/4SEnBGz9qY
Walls don’t work, except at:		Bezos’ mansion		Pelosi’s mansion		Hillary’s mansion		Obama’s mansion		Waters’ mansion		Feinstein’s mansion		Oprah’s mansion		Zuckerberg’s mansion		Madonna's mansion		🤔		#SOTU
Did you know:		The cost of illegal immigration so far in 2019:		Over $20,000,000,000 in just over one month		On any given day, illegal immigration costs over 600 MILLION dollars		It’s time to BUILD THE WALL to save American lives and Americans’ tax dollars https://t.co/KK9jk544sX
Did you know:		At our Southern Border, in 2018:		1.7 MILLION pounds of narcotics were seized		17,000 criminals were arrested		6,000 gang members—including violent MS-13 Animals—were apprehended		Protect America - BUILD THE WALL		#SOTU
Bipartisan criminal justice reform was accomplished in the previous congress		Thanks to that cooperation &amp; @realDonaldTrump’s leadership, millions of Americans, including MANY African Americans, will no longer sit in prison for decades for pointless crimes		#SOTU
So far... 		Almost every Democrat refused to clap for:		Unity &amp; bipartisanship		Lowest ever minority &amp; disability unemployment		Right to try		The President announcing that the State of the Union if Strong		Democrats hate @realDonaldTrump more than they love America
.@RealDonaldTrump made the US the world’s largest exporter of oil &amp; gas		Hundreds of thousands have regained energy &amp; manufacturing jobs		And @AOC wants to put every one of those Americans out of work and shut down all energy production		Which agenda is better for all Americans?
Making America Great Again means making America less dependent on the Evil Saudi Arabian empire, Iranian regime, and the Russians for oil and natural gas		For the first time in US history, we are now the number one exporter of oil and natural gas in the world		#SOTU
Live shot of Democrats when @realDonaldTrump announces lowest ever Black, Hispanic, and Asian unemployment		They hate seeing America do well. 		They want to see Americans suffer just so they can attain power		This is so wrong		RT to show the world		#SOTU https://t.co/S1mKiwGBAT
.@RealDonaldTrump helped America achieve:		Create almost 4 million jobs		Achieved lowest ever unemployment		Gain 400,000+ manufacturing jobs		Achieve highest EVER median household income		… And Democrats refuse to clap and stand for success		🤔
I hope everyone sees @AOC refusing to clap and stand when @realDonaldTrump calls for unity and working together		She hates Trump much more than she loves America
This picture is why we worked tirelessly to elect @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/3bpdRmb1DS
Only in America could a President achieve the lowest ever black and Hispanic unemployment, have black business startups skyrocket 400%, see wages go up for black workers, signed prison reform, pardon wrongfully convicted people of color, and still be called a racist 		#SOTU
#SOTU prediction:		Trump will tout the most successful Presidency of our generation including peace abroad, massive tax cuts, record low unemployment, and a booming economy		Democrats will sit and refuse to clap when they hear their communities are actually doing better
Donald Trump’s #SOTU2019 guests:		An angel family		The first man released from prison after historic Criminal Justice reform		An African American who got his job back thanks to the Republican tax plan		Nancy Pelosi’s guest of honor:		Leana Wen, The President of Planned Parenthood
I can’t wait for JUSTICE Kavanaugh to enter tonight in front of the Democrat mob that tried to do everything they could to destroy him
Fact:		San Francisco has more drug addicts than students enrolled in public high school		Democrats destroy everything they touch
Former KKK leader David Duke just endorsed Democrat Tulsi Gabbard for President		For years we have been told it matters that David Duke supported some Republicans		Of course now that the KKK leaders are going back to supporting Democrats the media will totally ignore this
Breaking:		A new NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist poll shows Hispanic-Latino approval of President Donald Trump’s job performance jumped 19 points in the past month, hitting, hitting 50% in January		Hispanics want LEGAL immigration and a wall!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Sad, but not surprising to watch self professed “feminists” launching sexist attacks against @IvankaTrump. In their cra…
On @IngrahamAngle figuring out how a Manhattan billionaire became the hero of Middle America		When Democrats call Americans:		Clingers		Slopeheaded		Deplorable		It‘s clear they left real Americans behind &amp; that's exactly what they've done since 2016		RT https://t.co/IxYLZQXkqD
President Trump invited Joshua Trump, a 6th grader who is relentlessly bullied because of his last name to the state of the union		The media will attack him and demagogue him like they did the Covington kids
Did you know:		Russia donated over $145,000,000 to the Clinton Foundation		Hillary Clinton sold 20% America’s Uranium to Vladimir Putin		And Robert Mueller has spent 2 years and millions of dollars investigating Donald Trump for colluding with Russia during the 2016 election?		🤔
RT @TommyHicksGOP: Nearly 5 million jobs added to the economy since @realDonaldTrump took office—yet 2020 Dems still claim socialist polici…
Socialism sucks:		Venezuela GDP growth 		2013: 1.3%	2014: -3.9%	2015: -6.2%	2016: -16.5%	2017: -14%	2018: -15%		@AOC wants to bring Marxism to America. We must stop her		https://t.co/RaFB1IV8Ah
Fact:		There are now more families earning more than $100,000 a year than families earning less than $50,000 a year		Americans are getting richer, quickly, thanks to @realDonaldTrump tax cuts, deregulation, energy agenda, &amp; free market focus of his administration		@AOC
Hey @KamalaHarris since you tried to destroy Justice Kavanaugh over 30 year old lies and incited a hate mob against him, will you now call for the Lt. Governor of Virginia to step down following a credible claim of sexual assault against him?
Did you know:		From 2006 to 2017, the IRS spent $15.5 Million to purchase military style guns, equipment, and ammo		Why is the agency tasked with collecting our taxes militarizing itself?		🤔
If we put the $500 million we give to Planned Parenthood each year towards the border we could end illegal immigration, build the wall, and secure the border once and for all
RT @TPointUK: The Left believes they have a monopoly over young people. It's time us young people fought back. We are so excited to announc…
Under Obama, Congress wasted:		3 Billion on a broken Obamacare website		3 billion on Obama’s failed Cash For Clunkers program		2 Billion on the Solyndra scandal		Billions to IRAN		But they’re not okay with 5 billion for a border wall to keep America safe?		🤔
Go Pats #Champs https://t.co/IU6BKBjxew
Nick Sandmann's lawyers are preparing a HUGE Libel suit against:		CNN	Washington Post	NPR	The Atlantic	HBO	Elizabeth Warren	Ilhan Omar	And more		...Are all about to be served justice for what they did to an innocent teenager all because he dared to support for our President
In the last 7 days Democrats advocated killing babies after they were born, putting a 90% tax on the rich, said we must have sympathy for ISIS, proposed confiscating all our guns, &amp; also had a sitting governor exposed wearing a KKK outfit in the same week as promoting infantcide
Did you know:		A panel of federal judges dismissed ALL 83 ethics complaints leveled against JUSTICE Kavanaugh		The Democrat hit job against an honorable man failed miserably
When this message was sent were you wearing blackface or a KKK outfit? https://t.co/fx0FC7MOBZ
Our incredible President 	@realDonaldTrump	 has sacrificed his business, billionaire lifestyle, his decades of success, all to be attacked by the media daily to try and save our country from leftist open-border elites who wish us all harm https://t.co/S1Mputtels
Chuck and Nancy - two elitist millionaire Democrats who live behind walls, have voted for wall funding before, who now say the Wall is immoral because they want more illegals to vote for them		Coming up next with @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews !!
Unbelievably disgusted with @gcu supposed “conservative” school who rejected @benshapiro from speaking for being too “divisive”		I am stunned, and have already rallied significant support from major donors to pull their gifts from this intolerant institution		What a disgrace
Haven’t seen any celebrities or liberal pundits who went after the Covington kids to say they want to punch Northam in the face for his racism
In 2017 ICE arrested 127,000 aliens with criminal convictions:		- 76,000 dangerous drug crimes	- 48,000 assaults	- 11,000 weapons offenses	- 5,000 sexual assault offenders	- 2,000 kidnappers	- 2,000 murderers		PLUS rescued over 500 human trafficking &amp; 900 sex trafficking victims https://t.co/cTqOedAMUX
Did you know:		A member of the KKK once sat on the Supreme Court of the United States. His name was Hugo Black		He wasn’t a Republican.		He was a radical Democrat appointed by "Progressive" hero, Franklin Delano Roosevelt		These are facts they do not teach in schools
Senate Minority Leader Richard Saslaw is defending Governor Northam		Liberals see racism where it does not exist, fabricate it when they can’t find it and ignore it when it is one of their own		RT https://t.co/fkjszomDsD
The fact that the media is much more upset about a Democrat wearing something racist when he was young than they are upset about him defending and advocating infanticide, tells you everything you need to know about our politics today
The Republican Party: 		Freed the slaves 		Ended Segregation 		Passed the Civil Rights Act 		Deployed the 101st airborne to end school segregation 		The Democrats: 		Fought for slavery		Founded the KKK		Filibustered to kill the Civil Rights Act 		Know your history, free your mind
Fact:		The KKK was founded by a Democrat, had only Democrat followers, was endorsed by Democrats, and sent their members to congress as Democrats
His abortion stance of killing newborn children is even worse, which the entire Democrat party supports https://t.co/kK6SaKpuYn
The media was much more upset that a teenager was smiling wearing a MAGA hat than they are that a sitting Democrat Governor wore KKK outfits and called for babies to be killed after birth
Liberals see racism where it does not exist, fabricate it when they can’t find it and ignore it when it is one of their own
Hey 		@BernieSanders:		“Venezuelan inflation quadruples to 18,000 percent in two months, with no end in sight”		Instead of bringing your horrific Marxist ideas to the US why don’t you go live a few days in ACTUAL socialism? 		🤔
The same people who tried to destroy Brett Kavanaugh over a yearbook picture are now going to defend a Democrat governor’s racist yearbook picture
Remember when Democrats tried to destroy Brett Kavanaugh over a yearbook page?		Why are they silent when Virginia Governor Ralph Northam—who is an advocate for post-birth abortion—has a yearbook page with a Klansman and a white man in blackface?		🤔
The Democrat governor of Virginia has had a rough week		First he defended and advocated for babies to be killed after they were born and now pictures have come out of him in a KKK outfit		Will the media force him to resign or will they ignore this because he is a liberal?		🤔
Thanks to @realDonaldTrump we are living through the strongest economy in US history		The DOW remains record high, lowest ever black, latino, Asian, &amp; woman unemployment, manufacturing confidence all time high, wages are up, over 5.3 MILLION jobs created since the election		#MAGA
Facts:		100% of Republicans voted to free slaves. 23% of Democrats did		94% of Republicans voted to give former slaves citizenship. 0% of Democrats did		100% of Republicans voted to give freed slaves voting rights. 0% of Democrats did
Shocking:		Today was the largest fentanyl drug bust in US history. Border Patrol seized enough Fentanyl to kill 57 MILLION people		@realDonaldTrump is correct - we have a crisis at our southern border - build the wall!
Fact:		The poorest Americans are 8X richer than the poorest people in Socialist countries such as Venezuela &amp; Cuba		Socialism is the biggest scam ever sold to the American people. It’s killed over 150 million in the past 100yrs		We can’t let it destroy our country		@Ocasio2018
Why is immigration from Central American countries increased over the past decade?		Because Socialism in Central America has resulted in:		Gang violence		Political corruption		Abject poverty		Increased sex trafficking		This is what Democrats want America to look like, too
Why were Democrats ok with spending $2 billion on a failed Obamacare website but refuse to spend $5 billion on a wall that will secure our border and strengthen our country?		🤔
RT @Surabees: A lot of people look dumb today.		"Records provided to the Senate Intelligence Committee show the calls were between Trump Jr…
Just this week Democrats applauded killing babies after they were born, defended infanticide, advocated to abolish all private health insurance, blamed record low temperatures on “global warming”, and doubled down their endless support for open borders - and it’s only Thursday
Fact:		China's economic growth is the slowest in 28 years		Trump is breaking China's economy &amp; standing up for American workers		He's taking one of our greatest enemies to task for exploiting America for decades		This is one of POTUS' most underrated achievements thus far
Heartbreaking:		Luis Rodrigo Perez, an illegal immigrant killed 3 people in Missouri after a 'sanctuary city” release from custody		He was jailed for domestic violence in New Jersey and then released defying a ICE order for deportation due to Democrat sanctuary city policy rules
I am stunned to see “conservatives” continually attack the President who gave us Kavanaugh, Gorsuch, 99 circuit court judges, peace in Korea, massive tax cuts, lowest ever black unemployment, new trade deals, and saved America from the brink		Be thankful Trump is our President
My hope is built on nothing less		Than Jesus' blood and righteousness		I dare not trust the sweetest frame		But holly trust is Jesus' name		Christ alone, Cornerstone		Weak made strong in the Savior's love		Through the storm		He is Lord		Lord of all
Facts:		By the time an unborn child is:		18 DAYS: A Baby’s heart beats	42 DAYS: Brain waves detected	52 DAYS: A baby hiccups and yawns	8 WEEKS: All organs function	9 WEEKS: Has fingerprints	10 WEEKS: Can feel pain	12 WEEKS: Can smile		So why do we allow brutal late term abortion?
It is so amazing to finally have a President who supports putting the most powerful, impactful, and amazing book back in our schools, The Bible!		Thank you @realDonaldTrump !
Shocking:		Planned Parenthood will perform 321,000 abortions this year with the $500 million of tax dollars we give them		They are not a healthcare provider, they are an abortion factory
Nothing to see here, just a sitting Democrat Governor talking about how babies should be comforted out of the womb and then killed		See it for yourself		The Democrats are the party of infanticide		Where is the media on this?		RT		 https://t.co/ZS0pdEI9rY
Breaking:		Pennsylvania officials have admitted to finding names of 11,198 non-citizens registered to vote on the state’s rolls		And the left says there is no voter fraud?		🤔
Walls don’t work, except at:		Bezos’ mansion		Pelosi’s mansion		Hillary’s mansion		Obama’s mansion		Waters’ mansion		Feinstein’s mansion		Oprah’s mansion		Zuckerberg’s mansion		Madonna's mansion		🤔
Today is your daily reminder that Senate Democrats opposed an openly gay ambassador @RichardGrenell who is literally deporting Nazis out of America
In Venezuela:		30 children a day die from diseases such as tuberculosis, polio and measles		68% of children are malnourished		Nearly 300,000 could die by the end of the year due to lack of food		14% of the population has fled since the Socialism was implemented		#SocialismSucks
May we never forget how Kamala Harris tried to ruin the honorable Justice Kavanaugh publicly on pure lies simply to build her name ID and fundraising base for 2020		Totally despicable.
If America was the racist, xenophobic, closed-minded, bigoted, selfish, unfair place leftists make it out to be why do millions of immigrants risk their lives to come here every day?		The boats from Cuba point towards Florida, not Venezuela
Any organization found to be aiding and abetting illegals to cross our border should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law		If found guilty the judgement should be to seize their assets to pay for the wall		If you fund illegal border crossing  you must pay a steep price
How can Democrats oppose foreign interference in our elections while supporting illegal aliens voting in them?		🤔
People who DO support a border wall:		@RealDonaldTrump		Republicans		The American people		Southern States		Border towns		Anyone who wants national security		People who DON'T support a border wall:		Democrats		Chuck &amp; Nancy		Drug cartels		MS-13		Drug smugglers		Human traffickers
Facts:		97.8% of public mass shootings since 1950 have occurred in gun-free zones		Less than 20% of gun crimes are committed by law-abiding gun owners		From '07-'15 overall murder rates fell by 18% while the percentage of concealed carry permits increased by 190%
Candace Owens is changing the game - SO PROUD OF HER! 		I get emotional seeing her vision become a reality over the last year		The Democrat party should be very worried - with a leader like Candace and a movement like @BLEXIT - their time is up		#BLEXIT https://t.co/UbRJF6rnAr
Did you know:		Restaurants in NYC—many in @AOC’s district, have had to fire hundreds of staff after the city raised the minimum wage to $15/hour		Hundreds out of work and she still thinks raising the minimum wage is a good idea		I'm sure those without a job would disagree
Fact:		University of Michigan has allotted $11 MILLION/year to pay for “Diversity Administrators”		That’s enough money to send 700 students to @UMich on a full ride scholarship		Democrats would rather preach fake diversity than send underprivileged kids to school for free
Kamala Harris says she wants to ban assault weapons and rifles		“Assault rifle” is a made up term used to take our guns away 		The left intentionally wants to misrepresent reality to take our guns away		The left hates facts when confronted		RT!		 https://t.co/xs6MbvZSVF
Did you know:		Maxine Waters allocated 12 Million dollars in TARP funding to her husband’s failing bank		She’s now the Democrats’ pick to be Chairman of the House Financial Services Committee		She's been charged on multiple ethics violations—She's the perfect fit for Democrats
More men with guns were sent to arrest 66 year old Roger Stone than were sent to rescue our soldiers and heroes in Benghazi
Did you know:		Today the President donated his salary of $100,000 to alcoholism research
How could the party of:		Free healthcare		Free college		Free housing		Free abortions		...Claim that 5.7 Billion for a wall &amp; our national security is too much money?		🤔
Every college socialist should be encouraged to live under a Marxist regime for 6 months 		Would love to see the Bernie bros try and survive in Venezuela without running water, food, shelter, or wifi 		Socialism sounds great till it kills you and your family
If a Democrat self funded a campaign for President, worked for free, tirelessly fought for the American worker, passed prison reform, ended the Korean War, destroyed ISIS, made US energy independent, achieved lowest ever black &amp; Hispanic unemployment, he would be called a hero
Democrats and Republicans came together to fund 6 Billion dollars to fund the fight against the opioid epidemic &amp; save countless lives		Why won’t Democrats fund 5 Billion to fund a Wall which would stop 90% of all Fentanyl from coming into America?		 🤔
Facts:		Female unemployment lowest in 65 years		Trump’s SBA lent $500 million more to women-owned businesses in 2017 than Obama did in 2016		Trump launched the Women’s Entrepreneurs Finance Initiative to promote female entrepreneurs		What are feminists "resisting" exactly?		🤔
Kamala Harris wants America to be like California:		46th in education		15th in crime		Highest homeless population		Highest poverty rate		Worst pollution		Most illegals		Holds the most debt		Jail time for misgendering but not for spreading HIV		Run by Democrats for decades		🤔
I am more and more convinced the only way to solve our problems in DC is term limits		All both parties care about is getting reelected
Did you know: 		Mexico offered the illegal migrant caravan asylum and jobs in Mexico and they refused		This caravan isn’t looking for opportunity, they’re looking to border jump into America
Just saw a chilling documentary exposing Saudi Arabia		It is more clear than ever Saudi funded, planned, and orchestrated 9/11		They murder dissidents they disagree with		They torture women		They execute LGBT people		They fund Wahhabi terrorism		They are not our friends
A student asked me if there was ANYTHING good about socialism 		The answer is brutally simple: 		HELL NO		Socialism is a creed of greed, envy, and legalized theft 		100 million dead in 100 years 		Everything government touches turns to crap 		RT!		 https://t.co/QyVB63jO0m
The problem with Venezuela is not that socialism was poorly implemented, the issue is that it was perfectly implemented
We should have a committee hearing about you totally making up your service in Vietnam - a total lie and insult to veterans everywhere! https://t.co/7I5V2tA4Pj
Socialism is much more about hating the rich than helping the poor
Leftist Dictionary:		Illegal immigrants = Dreamers		Trump supporters = Deplorables		MS-13 members = good people		I.C.E = Thugs		Hamas terrorists = peaceful protesters		NRA members = terrorists
Imagine you’re a sitting President:		You pick your successor, weaponize the FBI, DOJ, &amp; IRS against the opponent. You control 90% of the media. You have 2X the ad budget. You collude with foreign powers against the challenger, &amp; you lose to a billionaire you claim is beneath you
There are 3.6 million black kids in poverty, single motherhood rate in black community is 73%, &amp; our cities are suffering under Democrat mob rule		Democrats focus on is bringing in millions of more illegals to America to get them dependent on government for votes
Breaking:		Texas says it found 95,000 non-citizens on voter rolls; 58,000 have voted		And the left says there is no voter fraud?		🤔
If lying to Congress means you go to jail then why aren’t Comey, Clapper, McCabe, Clinton, Lynch, Holder, Strzok, Page in prison?		🤔
Did you know the Pentagon is about to issue Amazon $10 billion rigged contract funded by taxpayers? Bezos will then use this money to expand the Washington Post which is determined to destroy 	@realdonaldTrump		Amazon should NOT be getting corrupt handouts funded by taxpayers!
If we know anything about @realDonaldTrump it’s that he is a keeper of promises		While the Democrats take a fake victory lap and the disloyal Republicans gloat, Trump has started the clock to give Democrats 3 weeks for funding for a wall or else a national emergency		Game on.
Lowest ever black unemployment rate✅		Lowest ever Hispanic unemployment✅		Lowest women unemployment in 60 yrs		The Korean War is over ✅		Economy is best it has ever been✅		Taxes at 60 year low ✅		ISIS obliterated ✅		US energy independent ✅		What is the left resisting?		🤔
If lying to the FBI is a crime why hasn’t Hillary Clinton been arrested yet?		🤔
How did CNN know Roger Stone was going to be arrested at 5am in pitch black darkness and was waiting there with cameras to capture it all before anyone else?		🤔
Did you know:		Russia donated over $145,000,000 to the Clinton Foundation		Hillary Clinton sold 20% America’s Uranium to Vladimir Putin		And Robert Mueller has spent 2 years and millions of dollars investigating Donald Trump for colluding with Russia during the 2016 election?		🤔
Trump fought like hell for weeks waiting for consensus to get the wall built		While Democrats vacationed in Hawaii and on the beach in Puerto Rico Trump worked through Christmas and New Years trying to make our country safer		I am sick of the attacks being thrown against him!
Republicans could have built the wall when they controlled both chambers on congress		They could have broke the filibuster to appropriate the funds to secure the border and build the wall		We know Democrats want illegals in America, why didn’t the GOP fight and stand with Trump?
President Trump donated his entire salary		President Obama donated zero		President Trump’s net worth went down since announcing his run 		Obama has made tens of millions since leaving office		Melania works with a staff of 4		Michelle worked with a staff of 24
Don’t waver in your support of @realDonaldTrump - he is fighting , ALONE , daily to protect our country and to fulfill the promises from the campaign		I’m so sick of people from our side finding every excuse to attack the greatest president of our lifetime		We must have his back
If President Trump signs a bill to reopen government a minute later he should sign a declaration to enact a national emergency securing our border and building the wall
“SHE” https://t.co/2awd06Dewo
Did you know:		Jane Roe, whose real name was Norma McCorvey, the defendant in Roe V. Wade became a strong advocate for the Pro-Life movement in the years after the Supreme Court case		If she were alive she would have marched at the March for Life not the Women's March
Did you know: 		In Mexico they require photo ID to vote and run public service announcements reminding people to get their ID’s 		Maybe if we did the same we wouldn’t have widespread voter fraud?  		🤔
If capitalism is evil and socialism is the answer, why isn’t the caravan heading for Venezuela?		🤔
Annual cost of illegal immigration by state:		CA.. $21.8 Billion 	NY.. $9.5 Billion 	TX.. $8.9 Billion 	FL.. $5.5 Billion	IL.. $4.6 Billion	NJ.. $3.5 Billion 	AZ.. $2.6 Billion 	GA. $2.4 Billion		Annual national cost over $84 billion		Illegals are a financial drain on our country
Says the guy so just signed into law the more disgusting late term abortion law in the country allowing babies to be aborted who can feel, touch, have a heartbeat, and are almost fully formed https://t.co/3JLCpV8TkH
Democrats don’t want a deal		They don’t want the border secure		They just want 10 million more illegal foreign nationals to enter America to turn the into Democrat voters		They hate Trump more than they love America
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: The Capitol is surrounded by AMERICA you dolt. I get that based on your policies and positions, you probably look at Am…
If Democrats actually cared about the “dreamers” this plan would have passed the Senate easily		The Democrats only care about an endless stream of illegals entering America and making sure we don’t have a wall to prevent them from coming into our country
Did you know:		Last week, House GOP voted to pay federal employees their 1st paycheck of 2019, despite shutdown. Only 6 Dems voted for it. It failed.
This is your daily reminder that Planned Parenthood was caught on tape multiple times harvesting and selling baby body parts for cash and they still receive $500 million a year in taxpayer funding
All New York’s “Reproductive Health Act” does is provide legal justification to kill fully viable, fully formed human babies		According to the most recent report by the CDC, NYC performed 544 abortions for every 1,000 live births. 		Sick.
In Los Angeles county 112% of the population is registered to vote		And the left says there is no voter fraud?		🤔
Hey @AOC I would like to pay for an all expense paid fact finding mission for you to go to Venezuela		They don’t have much food, toilet paper, running water, but your politics will fit right in there!		I am sure Maduro would welcome you and your Marxism with open arms
Democrats are hiding the truth about our open border from the American people		It is WIDE OPEN. Anyone and anything can walk right in to the U.S.		It’s time to stop playing politics with American lives. Our border is wide open and blood is on Democrats’ hands		Build. The. Wall. https://t.co/8lRly1Upbf
Could you imagine the media backlash and disgusting labeling that would ensue if Paul Ryan dared not allow Obama to give the State of the Union from Congress?
Article 2 Section 3 of the constitution allows the President to convene both chambers of Congress under extraordinary circumstances		Pelosi doesn’t have the authority to prevent Trump from giving a national address - 	@realDonaldTrump	 should use his constitutional authority!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: I think @RepLeeZeldin is talking about you, Rashida “Dual Loyalty” Tlaib and you, Ilhan “Israel has hypnotized the worl…
Pelosi is losing the shutdown and she knows that if Trump gets a chance to present the facts center stage during the State of the Union she will have more defections within her own party and continue to lose favor with the American people - @realDonaldTrump give the speech!
Fact:		According to NAS the cost of each illegal border-crosser is is $74,722		If a Wall stopped anywhere between 160,000-200,000 illegals, meaning if it were only 9-12% effective—it would save the taxpayer 12 to 15 BILLION dollars		The Wall pays for itself—build it NOW
Hypocrisy:		The same Democrats who shut the government down in 2018 over DACA protections are now refusing to reopen the government when the President offers DACA protections		Democrats don’t care about people, they only care about power
If Mueller is able to debunk a fake story in 24 hours or less then they should be ready to release a statement that President Trump did not collude with Russia		Time to end this investigation!
CNN has STILL not deleted this tweet slandering a 16 year old minor https://t.co/dw883ZcMLs
The media hates @realDonaldTrump so much they happily and intentionally tried to publicly destroy a 15 year old kid for doing absolutely nothing wrong		Don’t let them get away with this
I hope Covington parents are preparing to sue the media for hundreds of millions of dollars		Sue for slander, for attacking minors, and intentionally trying to destroy lives		Go after them all
Every member of Congress should forego their paycheck until the government is reopened
Hey @cnn do you still stand with @Bakari_Sellers for calling for a 15 year old to be punched in the face?
With the 150 BILLION dollars  Barack Obama and Democrats gave to Iran, a state sponsor of terrorism, we could have funded the wall 30 times over		But Democrats would rather fund our enemies than keep America safe
Convington High School is now closed due to threats from intolerant leftists		The left will go after anyone, of any age, just to destroy Trump		Just when you think the left can’t get any more vile or sinister...
Still cannot stand or walk, but despite all the leftists commenting wishing for my suffering to continue or my imminent death, don’t worry I’ll be just fine. https://t.co/qs34VcUR06
How could anyone still trust the media after this weekend?		Fake “bombshell” built on lies with anonymous sources that was debunked by the special counsel		The attempted public lynching of high school kids on lies just because they wrote Trump hats		Journalism is dead.
Hey @kathygriffin and @Alyssa_Milano looking for your apology to the MAGA kids who have now been vindicated		You seek the ruin lives - like Trump and Kavanaugh		We will win, you will lose		The hateful mob left must be defeated
Just like they did with Justice Kavanaugh, the left has created a fake narrative to bully the Covington Catholic high schoolers for doing nothing wrong		Make no mistake, Democrats are bullies		They will attack anyone at any time, for anything if they disagree with you
Democrats are holding our government hostage over $5.7 Billion out of a $4.4 Trillion budget		For a family’s household budget, that would be $57 out of $44,070		Imagine a wife refusing to pay a family's bills for weeks because she refused to pay for a $57 fence at their home		🤔
Just spoke to MAGA hat kid Nick on the phone - he is total hero and has been maligned by the media 		He is in good spirits and plans to FIGHT these lies by the media		I told him we are with him 100%!		Media will divide us and destroy us no longer!!
What sort of functioning enterprise has 800,000 non essential employees?		🤔
The same media who told us not to critique Parkland students are doxxing 16 year olds for doing absolutely nothing wrong https://t.co/k2cCRqBo3r
Democrats voted to spend $104,500,000 for an airport and harbor in a town in Alaska with a population of 75 and no roads		The harbor has no electricity and the airport has no airlines serving it		If only Democrats were so loose with money when it comes to keeping our country safe
Why are we giving $10 billion in aid to Mexico and Central America but we can’t find $5 billion for a wall?		🤔
Tom Brady is the greatest quarterback of all time
WOW!		PACKED HOUSE of Black and Latino patriots in Los Angeles WHO WANT THE WALL!		The silent majority is WITH @realDonaldTrump !!		Why won’t the media report this? They don’t want people to know the truth!		@RealCandaceO leading a revolution!		#BLEXIT		RT! https://t.co/K1TnMlIjvg
Where was the media covering these liberal students harassing the police? 🤔		 https://t.co/gjnoMtyrqG
If politicians wanted to keep black people poor, they should send them to Baltimore public schools 		A report released in 2017 found that 13 high schools in Baltimore had ZERO students proficient in Math		90% of Black boys in Baltimore schools cannot read at grade level		#blexit
LINE POURING AROUND THE CORNER FOR FIRST #BLEXIT rally!		These patriots love @realDonaldTrump and America!		@RealCandaceO is changing the game!		#BLEXIT https://t.co/Zh2QFlfw9x
Black single motherhood rate in 50’s’s: 17% 		Black single motherhood rate today: 73%		Democrat welfare and failing public schools destroyed black America		As the Democrats gained political control over black people, black America got worse off		#BLEXIT		 https://t.co/Kr2qvjRGCb
Two years ago today @realdonaldTrump was sworn in at the 45th President of the United States		A new direction was set for our country		Our President has worked tirelessly and will go down as one of the greatest Presidents in US history		God bless President Trump
On Friday a "bombshell report" was debunked and media scrambled for credibility 		On Saturday Trump offers a plan that Democrats once supported only to have them reject it before hearing the details		On Sunday the media runs with a FAKE story trying to ruin high school kids lives
I just watched the unedited video of the high school kids at the March - they did nothing wrong, and I correct an earlier tweet		The left intentionally misreported the facts (typical) to destroy these kids lives to blame it on Trump		Media made this a top story to wreck lives
If Trump’s America was such a racist, hateful place…		Then why are 10,000 minorities marching here?		🤔
This is your daily reminder that one of the women who accused the great and honorable Justice Kavanaugh just admitted she made up the entire story		She never met him, and did it for attention		The media and the left almost destroyed a good man’s life on lies
Where was the media covering these students harassing this 71 year old vet during the Kavanaugh hearings? 🤔		 https://t.co/wlB1NeR37x
Fact:		ICE removed 256,085 criminal, illegal aliens from the United States in FY18		That’s 256,085:		Drug dealers		Traffickers		Murderers		Burglars		Kidnappers		&amp; Sex criminals off the streets		Why would Democrats want to abolish this heroic organization?		🤔 https://t.co/RUr6JORHtu
Hey @SpeakerPelosi and @chuckschumer, you say a Wall is immoral?		I say Ramon Lopez, Nobeli Zuniga, and Oscar Molina are immoral—They are 3 illegal, MS-13 criminals arrested for ambushing, stabbing, &amp; murdering a 16 yr old American		Coming up with @judgejeanine on @foxnews next!
Did you know: 		Mexico offered the illegal migrant caravan asylum and jobs in Mexico and they refused		This caravan isn’t looking for opportunity, they’re looking to border jump into America
Breaking:		A new NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist poll shows Hispanic-Latino approval of President Donald Trump’s job performance jumped 19 points in the past month, hitting, hitting 50% in January		Hispanics want LEGAL immigration and a wall!
We do NOT live in a patriarchy		Men are more likely to:		Go to war		Commit suicide		Earn LESS than women in their 20's		In fact, women are doing MUCH better than men in America today. Watch this feminist argue this without ANY supporting evidence		RT!		 https://t.co/Z0KrEslQ1t
BREAKING:		DEMOCRATS VOTE TO FUND 287 MILES OF BORDER WALL!		…Except its on the border between Jordan and Syria &amp; Iraq		If Democrats will fund walls for other countries		And if they have funded barriers for the U.S. in the past		Why won't they build one to keep America safe?		🤔
Real facts:		Illegals are twice as likely to commit crimes per AZ police data		The border is wide open, I’ve seen it with no barrier stopping me, have you visited?		Illegals cost taxpayers $135 billion a year		20,000 minors were smuggled across the southern border last month https://t.co/oVVMRPfj7N
Presidential Net Worth before and after being elected:		Before:		Bill &amp; Hillary Clinton—$480,000		The Obamas—$3M		Donald Trump—$4.5B		After:		Clintons—$100M+		Obamas—$40M+		Trump—$3.5B		Trump sacrificed his wealth for our nation, the rest sacrificed our nation for their wealth
Today is the #WomensMarch		I have seen this movement up close and personal		This is much more about hating men than empowering women 		They are driven by rage, envy, spite, and deep anger		RT to show the world the radicals in this march! 		 https://t.co/9VzzShQjl6
If Liberals don't believe in biological gender then why do they march for women's rights?		🤔
Today marked the single biggest group to ever attempt illegal crossing		376 line cutting foreign citizens were apprehended trying to cross the border		However as soon as they were arrested by border patrol they declared asylum - many will enter US		We have a crisis on our border!
New York City just unveiled a free health care plan for 600,000 NYC residents, including 300,000 illegal immigrants who avoid paying tax		This is following a 44% increase in property taxes on New Yorkers		Americans shouldn’t be forced to subsidize foreign citizens here illegally
This debunked fake story was not just covered by the media - it was repeated endlessly by pundits to stir up conversation about “impeachment” and “indictment”		Makes you think what else might be totally false that is being reported as fact		🤔
Attacks against @benshapiro intellectually lazy and intentional hit jobs		Easy to see what he was saying when you watch the full clip		The left fears Ben’s reach, power, and following - evidenced by how far they are reaching to attack him
Article 2 Section 3 of the constitution allows the President to convene both chambers of Congress under extraordinary circumstances		Pelosi doesn’t have the authority to prevent Trump from giving a national address - @realDonaldTrump should use his constitutional authority!
Government employees not receiving a paycheck during the shutdown will get back pay		American families who lost their loved ones due to illegal alien crime will never get them back		Don’t open the government until the border is closed
ICE arrests 2017/2018		100,000 people arrested for assault		30,000 for sex crimes		4,000 for homicide		Build a wall, reduce crime
Hey @JessicaTarlov - fun segment on @FoxNews - you questioned the data where I said illegals are twice as likely to commit crimes as natural born citizens - happy reading!		RT!		https://t.co/50rOd9t02H
Incredible to see the media coverup of #MarchForLife - when a handful of leftist protest anything, especially Trump, it makes headline news		This is the most pro life generation in history, and it’s only becoming more pro life - the media can’t cover it up much longer
Trump should do the State of the Union from the southern border surrounded by border patrol, Angel families, and ICE agents working hard to keep our country safe		He should invite Nancy Pelosi to join. She can fly commercial like the rest of us and see the border crisis firsthand
How could the party of:		Free healthcare		Free college		Free housing		Free abortions		...Claim that 5.7 Billion for a wall &amp; our national security is too much money?		🤔
Why is bacteria considered life on Mars but a heartbeat is not considered life on earth? 		🤔
This is your daily reminder the Attorney General of Minnesota is someone who is accused of multiple incidents of domestic abuse with 911 calls and bruises as evidence		His name: Keith Ellison		Democrats pretend to “believe women” until real abuse happens within their own party
Today is the March for Life! To all my friends there: keep up the fight!		No matter how you view abortion there is no argument as to why we give $500 MILLION A YEAR in taxpayer money to Planned Parenthood		Abortion. Is. NOT. Healthcare.		March on! God be with you		#MarchForLife https://t.co/LQHEUvbZwt
Tough week for Democrats:		You got exposed getting drunk on the beach with lobbyists in Puerto Rico during the shutdown		Ruth Bader Ginsberg continues to miss oral arguments		Support for wall jumps double digits in just days		Your taxpayer funded excursion overseas got cancelled
While it is maddening that Democrats won’t fund any additional money for border security, it is infuriating that Republicans didn’t move on the issue of the wall while GOP controlled the house		If the GOP house &amp; Senate would have financed the wall they would have kept the house
Yesterday @AOC said she will “run train” on the Progressive agenda		“Run train” is a graphic term that means to “gang rape” someone		I assume she didn’t mean this and was joking, however if a Republican dared say this even kiddingly they would be forced to resign
Sen. Gilibrand used to be for building the wall, deporting illegal criminals, declaring a national emergency at border, and protecting the US worker		What changed?		Democrats used to represent Americans first, now they need a new illegal voting base		RT https://t.co/ii7tqS8HrL
Abortion is not healthcare https://t.co/0ArAefS2sZ
No one supports rigging any polls		However, what is the penalty for Google rigging search results in favor of liberals and against conservatives and what is the penalty for the Google CEO who lied about it under oath in front of Congress (perjury!) 		🤔
How the media will report Trump forbidding Pelosi to use government aircraft for a taxpayer funded excursion during a shutdown:		Trump prevents elderly woman from going on much needed vacation
Pelosi was on the tarmac right when our amazing President cancelled her trip overseas		Nancy should be negotiating for secure borders not traveling overseas while 800,000 Americans are without pay!		Keep fighting Mr President, we are with you!
If Nancy Pelosi wants to travel overseas why doesn’t she get her 109 lobbyist friends who funded the Democrat excursion to Puerto Rico to finance it?
The media won’t report this:		According to an ABC poll, support for the Wall is rising daily		Up from 34 to 42% during the shutdown		Up 13 for college educated		Up 11 among independents		Opposition is down from 63 to 54% and strongly opposed is down from 52 to 38
We should use this government shutdown as a chance to shrink government permanently		Privatize the TSA	Privatize the FAA air traffic controllers	Abolish the IRS	Remove “non essential” workers		If workers aren’t essential they shouldn’t be working in government in the first place
Democrats hate Trump much more than they love America
Nancy Pelosi wants Trump to postpone his State of the Union address due to a government shutdown yet she didn’t postpone her luxury vacation to Hawaii when the government was shutdown		🤔
According to census data from 2014:		63% of non-citizen illegal aliens are using a welfare program intended for poor and needy Americans		4,684,784 non-citizen households are receiving welfare		Maybe this is why the Democrats don’t want the wall		🤔
Fact:		Americans are more likely to die from an opioid overdose than an accident on the road		When 90% of America’s Fentanyl comes across the Southern border, how could Democrats possibly defend their resistance building a wall?		Democrats are playing politics with American lives
SO PROUD!		Join me in congratulating @RealCandaceO on hitting ONE MILLION TWITTER FOLLOWERS - WOW!		A stunning accomplishment in just over a year of being active in Twitter		Candace is breaking the back of the Democrat party leading the black revolution!		So proud of you Candace https://t.co/UbNlpIFcXr
President Trump should tell Pelosi she can watch the state of the Union: on TV while he delivers it from the White House in front of an audience of veterans and angel moms		Constitution says the President will deliver the state of the union - it doesn’t say where		RT if you agree
The same Democrats attacking Trump for serving fast food in the White House were just getting drunk on the beach in Puerto Rico alongside lobbyists during a government shutdown
The Washington Post had one of their lead reporters do an entire investigation into the calorie count and cost of Trump serving fast food, yet they did little investigation into 30 congressional Democrats getting drunk on the beach with 109 lobbyists during a government shutdown
Facts about men in America:		97% of all military casualties since 1992 are men		94% of all industrial deaths are men		Men are victims of 76% of all homicides		80% of all suicides are men		Men die on average 5 years earlier than women		“Boys will be boys”
Since January 1st in Chicago: 		Shot &amp; Killed: 12	Shot &amp; Wounded: 58	Total Shot: 70	Total Homicides: 14		Toughest gun law in the country, and 2019 is already on pace to be yet another bloody, deadly, horriric year - all run by Democrats
Imagine if the media cared about the corruption at the FBI and DOJ as much as they cared about Trump serving fast food to Clemson’s football team
One of two recent Presidents did nothing when Putin invaded Crimea, asked Russia for more flexibility until after the election, let Assad cross a red line, had his Secretary of State sell our Uranium to Russia, and allowed Putin to build a pipeline to Germany		The other is Trump
Facts:		Kristen Gillibrand was a partner of and continues to take hundreds of thousands of dollars from the law firm that represented sicko Harvey Weinstein		Where is the outrage here?		🤔
The TSA should be defunded &amp; privatized		In 2015, they failed 95% of undercover tests from DHS agents		That number was down to roughly 80% in 2017		That means 80-95% of the the flights we get on could be compromised		Why are we spending 7.6 billion per year for failure?
Democrats just announced they are disbanding the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism		...To create a new committee to investigate President Trump		Democrats hate our President so much they would rather put our country in blatant danger than see him succeed
If Democrats were so concerned about ending the government shutdown, they would spend their weekends working in Washington D.C.		Not in Puerto Rico with 109 lobbyists on the beach getting drunk watching Hamilton
Only in America would you not be allowed to ask people living in your country whether they are citizens or not
Anyone else notice that Russia stories against Trump always conveniently come up as soon as he begins winning on other issues?		This is a fake character assault against a successful President designed to destroy his Presidency and everyone around him
No one accused Obama of being a Russian agent after he asked for “more flexibility” until after the the election, or when Obama ignored Putin’s invasion into Crimea, or when Assad used chemical gas in Syria and Obama’s red line was crossed
Do the Math: 		Trump’s wall is $5 billion, illegals cost $165 billion a year
GREAT AGAIN:		Prior to 2018, unemployment has only been below 4% 5 times since 1970		Under Donald Trump, in 2018, unemployment dipped below 4% 7 TIMES—in ONE year!		What exactly are the Democrats resisting?		🤔
Since 1953, we have been in South Korea protecting their border		When will Democrats give us the funding to finally protect our own?		🤔
Obama:		Killed hundreds of innocents with endless drone strikes		Let Syria gas its citizens		Oversaw the rise and expansion of ISIS		Trump:		Ended the Korean War		Defeated ISIS		Bringing troops home		One has a Nobel Peace Prize and the other is facing impeachment threats		🤔
Did you know:		Chuck Schumer		Barack Obama		Hillary Clinton		Joe Biden		Dianne Feinstein		… ALL voted to spend billions on a “Secure Fence” in 2006		Why are they opposed to an upgraded steel barrier now?		🤔
It is a national disgrace our FBI investigated PRESIDENT Trump for being a “Russian agent” while refusing to investigate Hillary selling our uranium for cash to Russia or investigating Bill Clinton meeting with Loretta Lynch on a tarmac secretly or Obama illegally spying on Trump
Make no mistake, if 30 Republicans got drunk on the beach with 109 lobbyists in Puerto Rico watching broadway plays during a government shutdown, it would be the number one story in the world and the media would be screaming for resignations
Strange how liberals keep smashing and destroying Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, yet nothing has happened to Kevin Spacey's or Bill Cosby's star		🤔
Make no mistake, the ultimate goal of the Democrats is to allow illegal foreign nationals to vote in our elections		They are losing their base and need millions of new voters, because they represent foreign interests more than the average American
If Trump was really controlled by Russia, why did he strengthen NATO, undercut Russia’s gas pipeline to Germany, arm the citizens of Ukraine, strike in Syria against Putin’s wishes, refuse to acknowledge the annexation of Crimea, &amp; close a record number of Russian consualtes?		🤔
Liberal logic:		We need socialism in America to help all those people coming across the border escaping horrible socialist countries
Fact: 		From 2012-2015, Veteran’s Affairs added 39,454 employees to their payroll 		Only 3,591 were doctors.  		Maybe this is why so many Veterans died waiting for care under Obama? 		🤔
Kevin Brandon Aragon Luna was arrested and deported at the end of November by ICE for being a part of a terrorist organization, after illegally crossing into the country through the Southern Border		Terrorists are coming across the border		Not having a wall is a security crisis
Anyone else notice there wasn’t any immediate polling after Trump’s wonderful national address or border visit?		There has been a sudden drop in the polls regarding people’s perspective on the wall and the shutdown		This is proof Trump is winning this battle - keep fighting!
Sick:		A statue honoring Saudi Arabia has been placed on the ground zero World Trade Center site		The country that funded, planned, and orchestrated 9/11 now has a statue honoring their evil ways just feet from where 3,000 Americans died		This is a national disgrace
Right now 30 Democrats are vacationing on the beach alongside 109 lobbyists while Trump is still in DC trying to broker a deal to build a wall and reopen the government		The Democrat party is vacationing on the beach while our amazing President fights like hell to save America
Planned Parenthood spent $30 million to help the Democrats win back the house		Yet we still give them $500 million in taxpayer funding each year		If they have that kind of cash and engage in that blatant partisan activity, why am I forced to fund them with my money?		🤔
The Left claims to support vigorous background checks on gun purchases for Americans. 		Why don’t they support the same vetting for:		Voting/Voter ID		Illegal Aliens		Refugees		🤔
The difference between Republicans and Democrats:		Under Obama, government employment grew 6 times faster than manufacturing jobs		Under President Trump manufacturing jobs grew 6 times faster than government jobs
Breaking:		Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s campaign was fined by New York for not having working compensation coverage for her campaign staffers for a month		She pretends to fight for workers yet when it comes to her actually doing it she avoids taking responsibility - @AOC
Privatize the TSA and make the shutdown of their program permanent		They are an unbelievably incompetent, slow, wasteful, useless, ineffective, and bureaucratic nightmare - like all government programs
It’s amazing how hard the Democrats fight to keep the government closed just to advocate for illegals who broke our laws
Fact:		4,000 illegals are in Texas prisons for sexual assault		62% of those assaults are against children, including American children		A Wall would stop this.		But Chuck and Nancy think $5.7 Billion is too high a price to protect our children from violent criminals and rapists
Fact: 95% of Border Patrol agents say WALLS WORK!		...So why in the hell would we listen to Chuck and Nancy when they say they don’t?		@realDonaldTrump—don’t give in. Keep the government shut down as long as you have to		We should only open government once we close the border		RT https://t.co/xIVIdh9vKW
Voter fraud is real:		Los Angeles county has a registration rate of 112% its adult population		The entire state of California has a registration rate of 101%		11 of 58 counties in CA have registration rates above 100%		Is this why California is solid Blue?		🤔
There IS a crisis on our Southern border		Last month: 		20,000 children smuggled into the U.S.		60,000 attempted illegal border crossings 		 In FY18:		800 gang members were arrested—50% increase from FY17 		 Don’t reopen the government until the border is closed		 BUILD THE WALL!
Hey, @Acosta, the reason the border is so “tranquil” is because there is a giant wall next to you		Thank you for so clearly proving @realDonaldTrump’s point—Walls DO work! https://t.co/NdS6d9lyzf
Democrats don’t care about border security		They only care about importing millions of new voters from foreign countries		They don’t care about the thousands of kids being sex trafficked		They don’t care about sons and daughters killed by illegals		They just want power
Did you know:		Nancy Pelosi has been in Congress for 28 years with an annual salary of $193,400		So how is her net worth nearly $200,000,000?		Even if she invested 100% of her salary and paid 0 taxes for 3 decades, with 10% ROI, she should only be worth $30,000,000 at most		 🤔
How can Border Patrol be racist when 52% of their agents are Hispanic?		🤔
Los Angeles has the highest homeless population in US		This is real footage of the streets of LA		LA facts:		Democrat city council		All Democrat represented congress		Democrat mayor		All Democrat state reps		Democrat Governor of CA		Show me a ghetto, Democrats are in charge https://t.co/mw9qacFN1m
If illegals were likely to vote for Trump and Republicans the wall would be built, totally financed, and anyone who would dare oppose it would be called a racist
In 2018, @RealDonaldTrump:		Created almost 4 million jobs		Achieved lowest ever unemployment		Gained 400,000+ manufacturing jobs		Achieved highest EVER median household income		… And Democrats think he should be impeached		Is it because they can't beat his record in 2020?		🤔
Did you know: 		That when polled 95% of active front-line border patrol agents said YES to wanting a wall when surveyed?
Did you know:		Last year ICE saved 900 kids from human trafficking last year		Democrats went to abolish the number one protector of children
Democrats hate Trump more than they love America
President Trump is winning this shutdown fight		Democrats have no message, and are refusing to open government because they are fighting for foreign nationals that want to flow endlessly into our country		Stand your ground President Trump, we have your back!
I believe immigration is the number one issue facing our country		Failure to secure our southern border as well as resist any form of amnesty is the defining issue of our generation		Democrats know if they are successful in granting citizenship to millions of illegals they win
.@realdonaldtrump has the Democrats on the defensive		They hate Trump more than they love America.		Do NOT BACK DOWN Mr President, we are with you! Hold the line, your base is growing and behind you 100%!		 https://t.co/FLSZ9uWxc0 #FoxNews
Did you know:		At our Southern Border, in 2018:		1.7 MILLION pounds of narcotics were seized		17,000 criminals were arrested		6,000 gang members—including violent MS-13 Animals—were apprehended		Protect America - BUILD THE WALL
98% of the heroin &amp; fentanyl comes across our southern border		Illegal aliens are twice as likely to commit crimes than native born Americans 		There are 58,760 illegals in our federal prison		Over 10,000 kids are trafficked across the border each year		 https://t.co/97bN8L3ukp
Only a liberal could tell us $5 billion is too much money for a border wall while also telling us we need to spend 32 trillion for “Medicare for All”
When the media tried to “fact check” Trump’s speech last night, they corrected him saying 3 out of 4 women are raped coming through to Mexico instead of 1 out of 3, only further building his case for a wall
Facts:		300 Americans die every week of a heroin overdose		90% of heroin comes across the Southern border		How many Americans will die during the government shutdown?		It depends on how long Democrats keep our border open
Federal employees RECEIVED a paycheck on 12/28  		The next pay day isn’t until 1/11 		Either the HUD employee is lying to you or you are knowingly lying to the American people https://t.co/yBM8r7UgTU
President @realDonaldTrump’s facts are from EXPERTS on the ground &amp; ACTUAL crime stats!		Crazy Nancy &amp; Lying Chuck Schumer can’t handle facts		They only know obfuscation &amp; political spin 		Border security is national security		Democrats don’t care about keeping America safe
4 prominent Democrat senators voted for a wall in 2006		Their names? 		Barack Obama 	Hillary Clinton 	Chuck Schumer	Joe Biden 		Most Democrats have supported border security their entire time in office... until President Trump took office		What changed?
The government is shut down because we are fighting with our own country to protect our own country		If Democrats don’t agree to keep America safe, then Republicans shouldn’t put our future at stake.		Keep the shutdown going until we agree that America should always come first
Barack Obama: 		Voted for the Secure Fence Act Of 2006 		Has a 10 foot wall around his house 		Used walls to keep veterans out of the WWII memorial during his Obamacare shutdown 		How can Democrats now say a wall is immoral?		🤔
Chuck and Nancy - two elitist millionaire Democrats who live behind walls, have voted for wall funding before, who now say the Wall is immoral because they want more illegals to vote for them
Did you know:		Chuck Schumer		Barack Obama		Hillary Clinton		Joe Biden		Dianne Feinstein		… ALL voted to spend billions on a “Secure Fence” in 2006		Why are they opposed to an upgraded steel barrier now?		🤔
Did you know:		At our Southern Border, in 2018:		1.7 MILLION pounds of narcotics were seized		17,000 criminals were arrested		6,000 gang members—including violent MS-13 Animals—were apprehended		Protect America - BUILD THE WALL
I stand with @realDonaldTrump - fighting to keep our country, strong, safe, secure!
Governor Ron DeSantis suspends the horrible Sheriff Scott Israel who is largely responsible for the errors leading up to Parkland Shooting		A man of action, on his first day going after the cowards of Broward!
Democrats say Donald Trump is not morally fit to serve		Then why did Democrats vote for Ted Kennedy every 6 years until his death even though he killed a woman drunk driving?		🤔
Nancy Pelosi calling the border wall immoral while voting to funnel billions in taxpayer dollars to Planned Parenthood is the most disingenuous, hypocritical move I’ve ever seen from a politician
GREAT AGAIN:		When President Trump took office in January 2017, 152,076,000 Americans had jobs		At the end of 2018, 156,945,000 had jobs!		Nearly 5 MILLION Americans have jobs that didn’t have them before thanks to @RealDonaldTrump’s America First policies!
Americans deserve a secure border but Democrats would rather:		Vote against Kate’s Law		Vote for Sanctuary Cities		Obstruct construction of the wall		Loosen vetting on refugees		Vote against the deportation of violent illegals		Abolish ICE		Democrats always put America last
A new Harvard study has found that 80% of all voters say we need a secure border, including 86% of Democrats!		Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer are fighting against the will of the American people by keeping the government shutdown and our borders wide open		BUILD THE WALL!
A federal judge for the DC Circuit just called Hillary Clinton’s handling of her email server “one of the gravest modern offenses to government transparency”		When will the special counsel investigate this?		🤔
Heartbreaking:		Pierce Corcoran, 22 year old patriot, was killed by an illegal alien in a head on collision crash who previously had an ICE hold against him		If we had a wall, and deported illegals put on ICE lists, he and thousands others would be alive		Democrats are to blame
To be fair, the next time a Democrat is elected President a special counsel should be immediately formed made up of 100% Republicans for the sole purpose of finding ANY crime they or anyone they have ever met has committed with the goal of impeachment		Sound fair?
Who else hasn’t forgotten and wants to see a list of the members of Congress who used taxpayer dollars to settle and hide sexual misconduct cases?		🤔
California:		Spends the most on government welfare but has highest income inequality		Toughest gun laws but still has horrible mass shootings		Highest income tax rate AND the highest poverty rates and homelessness rate		California is a model of the failures of Democrat policies
Ocasio-Cortez said that members of Congress shouldn't be paid during a shutdown - I agree!		She was just asked by reporters whether she is taking a paycheck during this shutdown and she said "Gotta run"		So what is it @AOC , is it rules of thee but not for me?		🤔
Hey ⁦@AOC⁩ - you just said there is “no question” the President is a racist		Does this look like a racist?		You are a scam artist, charlatan, fool, demagogue, &amp; a danger to America		Our movement must take this VERY seriously - socialism is on the rise run by fools like you https://t.co/r83TfTNdgu
Did you know:		Border patrol recently arrested an Iranian national at the border who also had two cell phones and currency from six other countries		Border patrol says this is becoming very common		What’s to prevent lone wolf ISIS terrorists walking across the border?		🤔
Bad news for Democrats:		-Ruth Bader Ginsburg, 85	-Stephen Breyer, 79		The two oldest judges on the bench are radical liberals 		With 6 more years of Trump he has a chance to replace more than half the court with strong constitutionalists		Keep the Senate, VOTE, get more justices
Did you know:		Despite claiming to be “a girl from the Bronx”		The median annual income where @AOC grew up in Westchester county is $116,741		She attended prestigious Boston University		She interned for one of the country’s wealthiest Senators, Ted Kennedy		🤔
Check out my brother in christ's @DavidJHarrisJr NEW BOOK --&gt; 		https://t.co/q5rRvb1kZD		He is a true fighter, a genuine leader, a strong father, a serious thinker, a great man! https://t.co/WyYLfPAB0p
Why we need a wall:		Mexico's Murders		•2017: 31,174		•25 per 100,000 inhabitants		•Up 27% from 2016		•Most on record (since 1990)		•More than 200,000 murders over the past 10 years
Where portions of the wall are built border crossings are down:		San Diego - down 92%		El Paso - down 95%		Tucson - down 92%		Yuma, AZ - down 96%		#BuildTheWall
We should cut ALL funding to countries that burn the American flag and use the savings to build the wall
GREAT AGAIN:		Holiday sales were strongest they have been in 6 years, up 5.1% from last year		Americans are finally confident in our economy again thanks to President Trump
Illegals should not be counted in the census		Basic projections show that California gets an extra 9 electoral votes because of counting illegals 		This disenfranchises Montana, Wyoming, and North Dakota, COMBINED! 		This is true foreign interference in our election
The media is covering up the fact Officer Singh was murdered by an illegal foreign national		When are we going to start getting smart and deporting foreign nationals that have repeatedly broke our laws?		How many more Americans have to be killed by illegals before we get tough?
The media keeps saying that the GOP was "mocking" @AOC dance video		I haven't seen one example of that or one piece of evidence of anyone in leadership or in office mock her		However, I have seen people be critical of her inability to make a coherent argument &amp; her horrific ideas
WOW!		#SAS2018 was proof that the Conservative movement is full of thousands of young, hungry FIGHTERS working to protect America from the left's radical ideas		If you want to keep America the greatest country in the history of the earth..	GET INVOLVED!		👉https://t.co/83HTXso7ru https://t.co/UvGruWapjA
I love Jair Bolsonaro the new President of Brazil		He has identified Marxism has a key threat to the future of Brazil		He wants to restore gun rights to citizens to protect themselves		He is committed to restoring the rule of law		They call him "Trump of the Tropics!"		#MBGA
Another MASSIVE migrant caravan of 15,000 immigrants is set to leave Honduras in January of 2019		We NEED to build the wall and secure our border before they reach America		We cannot afford to let Democrats continually exploit these immigrants to score political points
Trump should declare a national emergency for border security		Millions of tons of opioids is a national emergency		Tens of thousands of kids being sex trafficked is a national emergency		MS13 members coming across the border is a national emergency		Declare a emergency, build it
GREAT AGAIN:		In December, the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos, aged 16 and up, was 4.4%, down from 4.5% in November - tying its record low of 4.4% set in October of this year		Lowest ever unemployment thanks to @realDonaldTrump
Epic fail:		Chicago's top gun grabber alderman was busted and arrested with 23 of HIS OWN GUNS		The left is trying to strong arm banks and credit card companies to enforce its ideals like gun control.  Yet their leader in Chicago was busted with 23 guns and corruption charges.
Fact:		A new Harvard study has found that 80% of all voters say we need a secure border, including 86% of Democrats!		Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer are fighting against the will of the American people by keeping the government shutdown and our borders wide open		BUILD THE WALL!
Trump is winning this shutdown battle. He is forcing the Democrats to talk about an issue they hate: the well being of America		@realDonaldTrump do not waver! Keep the government shut down for as long as needed. This is the biggest fight of your presidency, we are with you!
Why were Democrats ok with spending $2 billion on a failed Obamacare website but refuse to spend $5 billion on a wall that will secure our border and strengthen our country?		🤔
EVERY AMERICAN SHOULD SEE THIS! Our borders are WIDE OPEN!		Anyone can get through:		Murderers	Rapists	Drug dealers	Human traffickers		...All are free to walk right in to our country!		FACT: 95% of Border Patrol agents support the wall 		BUILD THE WALL		RT https://t.co/KK9jk5lFkv
A foreign journalist is killed by Saudi Arabia, who we all already know is a murderous, evil regime - endless media coverage		An honorable and brave American police officer is killed by an illegal alien &amp; convicted criminal - the media is silent		🤔
Did you know:		Joe Biden demanded the University of Utah pay him $100,000 speaking fee, fly him on a GulfStream, and buy 1,000 copies of his book for a 30 minute speech		So much for caring about students and the rising cost of cost of college		🤔
The left would rather have Obama’s legacy:		8 years of war		Lowest economic growth ever		Record food stamp enrollment		Highest ever health insurance costs		...Than Trump’s:		Korean peace		ISIS defeated		Booming economy		Record breaking stock markets		Lowest EVER unemployment		🤔
Every day and twice on Friday @AOC should hold a press conference		She is constantly wrong, yet never in doubt		She touts ideas that are so fallacious and foolish it shows how extreme the Democrats have become		Please Congresswoman, keep talking, you are doing the Lords work
Did you know:		Democrats won 73/100 of the wealthiest house districts in the midterms		Hillary won 8/10 of the wealthiest counties in 2016		Democrats pretend to be the party of working people yet they are actually catering to the interests of the 1% and elites
Democrats:		A bunch of rich people convincing poor people to vote for rich people by telling poor people that other rich people are the reason they are poor
This angry, bitter, vengeful mob now controls the House of Representatives		Let this be a reminder Democrats should never assume power		They are driven by spite, fury, rage, and an agenda to weaken America from within		 https://t.co/9VzzShQjl6
Today this anti-Semite and anti-Israel activist is being sworn in as a Democrat member of Congress https://t.co/sw7wvWCUHq
China just landed on the far side of the moon		They are our greatest adversary and have stolen our technology for decades to fund the rise of their empire		We better wake up quickly or else the world will be a much darker place with a strong China		China is not our friend
While Donald Trump was working to secure our border, reopen our government, and protect our sovereignty - skipping his Christmas vacation and visiting troops overseas		Nancy Pelosi was vacationing in Hawaii		Which one do you think cares about the American people?		🤔
Netflix, who paid Obama $30 million for content and has Susan Rice sitting on their board, just bowed to the evil kingdom of Saudi Arabia &amp; deleted content that was critical of their medieval ways		Notice how silent the media is, when leftist dominated companies bow to Saudi?		🤔
How could any Democrat justify calling 5 billion for our national security a waste of money?		These are the same people who want to spend 32 TRILLION on Socialist healthcare		🤔
Pocahontas spent weeks ridiculing Kavanaugh for liking beer then she awkwardly announces her run for President by chugging a beer		I can’t wait for this Democrat primary to heat up
In 2015, Congress was willing to send $150 billion to Iran, America’s mortal enemy - including $1.8 billion in cash…		Why then are they so unwilling to spend $10 billion on a border wall to keep millions of Americans safe?		🤔		 https://t.co/97bN8L3ukp
Walls don’t work, except at:		Bezos’ mansion		Pelosi’s mansion		Hillary’s mansion		Obama’s mansion		Waters’ mansion		Feinstein’s mansion		Oprah’s mansion		Zuckerberg’s mansion		Madonna's mansion		🤔
Did you know:		Every Senate Democrat has supported a bill that would grant amnesty to ANY illegal within 100 miles of our border as long as they are accompanied by a minor		That means amnesty for:		Sex Traffickers	Human traffickers	Kidnappers		...Just because they're with a child
An illegal alien in Sanctuary State California last week was let free from prison and:		Stole a truck		Robbed a grocery store		Murdered an American		Drove the wrong way at 100 MPH and wrecked multiple vehicles		A wall would have prevented this horrible crime from happening
Did you know: 		Robert Mueller prevented 9/11 families from suing Saudi Arabia for damages? 		Saudi knew about 9/11 before it happened, financed it, lied about it, and failed to cover it up 		Why did Robert Mueller prevent 9/11 victims families from suing them? 		🤔
Why Democrats need illegals:		For every 770,000 illegals who filled out the 2010 census in a leftist state, the Democrats got another vote in the electoral college		Foreign nationals should NOT be counted in the census. It rewards law breaking and gives Democrats a upper hand!
Did you know:		Since 1972, the government has spent over 6 billion dollars on “sound walls” along highways to protect neighborhoods from traffic noise		If we can spend 6 billion on keeping our homes quiet, why can't we spend 6 billion to keep our country safe		🤔
SERIOUSLY WATCH THIS!		According to college leftists... biological facts are now fascist!		College campuses have become ideological battlefields.		We have to FIGHT against activist professors who would rather push an agenda than teach facts		Fact: there are only TWO genders		RT https://t.co/evOr5apqgJ
Stupid government rule made @NikkiHaley delete her Twitter account and lose all her followers she earned over 8+ years		Everyone go follow her account and RT this!		She will be our first female President		She is strong, decisive, a true leader! https://t.co/Hi1Hrv2IK0
Only in America could a President achieve the lowest ever black and Hispanic unemployment, have black business startups skyrocket 400%, see wages go up for black workers, signed prison reform, pardon wrongfully convicted people of color, and still be called a racist
Facts:		Black poverty has fallen 21.2% since the election of @realDonaldTrump		Lowest EVER black unemployment		1.2 MILLION Black Americans have found work since election		Lowest EVER food stamp enrollment		Black people are doing much better under Trump than they were under Obama
If you think your life sucks, just imagine being a Democrat - your spokesperson rotates between a 28 year old socialist, a low IQ con artist, a Marxist who honeymooned in the Soviet Union, a criminal who lost the most winnable election of our lifetime, and a fake Native American
Police have arrested 7 people for trying to help cop killer Gustavo Perez Arriaga, all 7 are illegal alien border jumpers		Either we will get serious about building a wall or we will have countless more deaths of our citizens and police at the hands of illegals
For my first tweet of 2019 I just want to remind all the liberals Donald Trump is still your President and Brett Kavanaugh is still on the Supreme Court
Our amazing beautiful elegant First Lady		Happy New Years everybody https://t.co/XNQbrdCJKQ
Here is a pic of Nancy Pelosi going for a beachfront walk in Fairmont, Hawaii while our government is shut down and our border remains wide open for illegal aliens who wreak crime on our country		@realDonaldTrump remains in White House working!		RT to expose these elitist Dems! https://t.co/ie3RRFUDZT
.@realDonaldTrump had one of the most successful years in the history of the Presidency		He ended three major wars, achieved lowest ever unemployment for black, Latino, Asian community, confirmed Kavanaugh, 100+ circuit court judges, among many other major wins!		#MAGA
I give Elizabeth Warren a 1/1024th chance of winning the Presidency
Despite the media’s best efforts @realDonaldTrump achieved:		Confirming Kavanaugh ✅	Lowest ever black, Latino, Asian unemployment ✅	Peace in North Korea ✅	100 judges confirmed✅	Added historic seats in the Senate✅	Historic prison reform ✅		And so much more - onward to 2019!
Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr !		One of the greatest honors of my life has been getting the chance to learn from and work for you on the campaign trail		This once in a lifetime opportunity changed everything for me		Don JR is the greatest patriot I know		#MAGA https://t.co/R5UhyLI7sl
Pocahontas “Elizabeth Warren” forms 2020 exploratory committee		Why do we call her Pocahontas?		Because her career was flatlining for years, so she then created a fake Native American heritage to use affirmative action to her advantage at Harvard and then lied about it for years
Colleges have become Marxist indoctrination centers and left-wing activist training camps 		10.4 - 1 ratio of Democrat to Republican professors at an average college 		39% of top tier liberal arts have ZERO GOP professors
Bernie Sanders spent nearly $300,000 on private air travel in October		For a committed socialist he sure seems to love living like a capitalist
Fact:		166 House Democrats voted against Kate’s Law		166 Americans voted against a law that would stop repeat offender, illegal aliens from murdering other Americans
The left needs people to need them 		Their goal is to get as many people signed up for government benefits and keep them dependent forever 		Giving them just enough to survive, but never enough to break out of poverty 		The Democrats are great at keeping poor people poor
The most non-essential part of the government, the Robert Mueller witch hunt, will continue during the government shutdown		Over $30 million already wasted to try and destroy an amazingly successful President based on lies
Did you know:		The EU funded billions of Euros for a 764 Kilometer border wall between Turkey and Syria		Just like the walls in:		Hungary		Vatican City		Israel		The same hypocritical globalist liberals who attack Trump’s border have built walls all over Europe &amp; the world!
The left hates the idea there are other ideas
Why are we giving $10 billion in aid to Mexico and Central America but we can’t find $5 billion for a wall?		🤔
President Trump quietly travels 12,000+ miles round trip overnight with no sleep to go visit our amazing heroes in a active combat zone in Iraq on Christmas while Schumer and Pelosi vacation on the beach, and all the media can focus on is that he signed #MAGA hats when asked
Congress spent nearly 50 BILLION to bail out failing GM in 2009 and GM is now firing employees and moving jobs overseas		Why are they opposed to 5 billion in funding for a Wall which would guarantee safety for American citizens and police officers? 		🤔
Senators Hirono, Booker, and Harris should all be removed from the Judiciary Committee for violating the Constitution - all 3 attacked a Trump nominee for being Catholic		Article 6 prohibits the government from considering religion when deciding a person’s fitness for office		RT!
Wishing my amazing Jewish friends a blessed Shabbos! Shabbat Shalom! https://t.co/SXLDY03AEk
If walls &amp; barriers don’t work:		Celebrities &amp; politicians should tear down the ones around their houses		If guns don’t save lives:		Liberals should get rid of their armed guards		Liberals want to tell us how to live while doing the exact opposite
Did you know:		Melania Trump is the 1st First Lady to visit troops in an active combat zone since 1969
Liberals say “ if confiscating all guns saves just one life it will be worth it” 		By that logic, if deporting all illegal aliens saves just one life wouldn’t that be worth it?		🤔
Fact:		ICE removed 256,085 criminal, illegal aliens from the United States in FY18		That’s 256,085:		Drug dealers		Traffickers		Murderers		Burglars		Kidnappers		&amp; Sex criminals off the streets		Why would Democrats want to abolish this heroic organization?		🤔
The media is far more focused on Trump signing MAGA hats than they are talking about illegals pouring into our country without anything stopping them		The left hates Trump more than they love America
Why we need a wall:		Manhunt under way in California for illegal who brutally murdered police officer		If we had a wall and proper funding for border security this hero police officer would be alive		Democrats are refusing to fund protection for our citizens and our police
Macron: 18% approval rating, riots in streets, Paris on fire, economy in ruin, middle class revolting		Trump: 50% approval rating, best economy in US history, lowest ever black, woman, and Hispanic unemployment		America is thriving , globalism is dead
GREAT AGAIN:		US Manufacturer optimism going into 2019 is at a record high - 92.4%!		Only 18% of businesses are concerned with an unfavorable business climate		That number was at 71% during the last months of Barack Obama’s term
Socialism sucks:		Venezuela GDP growth 		2013: 1.3%	2014: -3.9%	2015: -6.2%	2016: -16.5%	2017: -14%	2018: -15%		@BernieSanders	 wants to bring Marxism to America. We must stop him
Last week, President Trump:		Legalized hemp		Defeated ISIS		Enacted prison reform to keep more Black fathers in the home and out of jail		Stood up for national security at the border		...And Democrats are furious		🤔
.@RealDonaldTrump created an Urban Council to invest over 100 Billion in black communities		On top of lowest ever Black unemployment, historic prison reform, and massive tax cuts		This President has done more for minorities in 2 years than the first Black president did in 8!
Facts:		According to the @HuffPost, the average federal employee costs taxpayers $120,000		If we cut the 380,000 non-essential jobs affected by the shutdown, we could save the taxpayer $45,600,000,000		Enough to fully fund the wall... TWICE		Shrink government, BUILD THE WALL!
Fact:		8/10 of the nation's wealthiest counties are in or around Washington D.C.		The left claims to represent real Americans but they're more aligned with the big government swamp in Washington		It took a billionaire from Manhattan to finally stand up for Middle America!		RT https://t.co/IxYLZQFJz5
“Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face.” 		Ronald Reagan
I’m really trying to stay away from politics today, but I will not let you misrepresent the Gospel on this holy day		Joseph and Mary were LEGAL citizens under King Herod governed under the Roman Empire - they traveled to Bethlehem as part of a census, a legal counting of people https://t.co/7ug4LQo8T8
Prayer is not just something you do flippantly before a meal or before an event		Prayer is a direct conversation with God, a chance to unburden yourself before him		Jesus prayed daily as a way to grow closer to the father		There is divine power in prayer		Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas! What an incredible gathering we just finished at #SAS2018 - onward to 2019!  https://t.co/cyOfMeW2Vb
This Christmas I am thankful to live in the greatest country ever to exist, and to have a President who works tirelessly to turn this country around despite getting attacked and maligned every day for trying to do the right thing for America
For to us a child is born, to us a son is given, and the government will be on his shoulders. And he will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace.		Isaiah 9:6
On Christmas we celebrate God coming in human form		A fulfillment of thousands of years of prophecy, a promise made by our creator and promise kept by sending Jesus		God loves us so much he gave us a gift: he came in total humility, a baby, who came to save the world from our sin
Christmas is such a beautiful time of year, a season of hope, love, and joy		This week having lost a friend to suicide it also reminds me that it is a season of loneliness, despair, and depression for many people		Go out of your way this Christmas to remind people they are loved
Just this week Trump signed historic prison reform, withdrew troops from a 18 year old war in Afghanistan and a directionless conflict in Syria, and signed a farm bill that allows more types of cannabis to be sold. 		Democrats silent on giving Trump any credit for these wins
The Bible is the most spectacular &amp; greatest book ever to exist 		No book has been translated, copied, or read as much as the Bible		66 books, 35 authors, 5,000 years of history		Every human problem can be answered in the Bible		So why aren’t students being taught the Bible? 		🤔
Hi Julia, I just saw this tweet. You see like a beautiful, wonderful person. I see your other tweets and see you are struggling today. Earlier today I lost a friend to suicide and so I just want to reach out to you as say you are loved by more people you can ever imagine. &lt;3 https://t.co/skL35sLR98
Members of Congress should not be paid during a government shutdown
Just lost another friend to suicide today		He was a artist, fun loving, gifted  person. But also battled depression		I am crushed		To anyone this Christmas who is fighting depression or alone, please call this number and remember there is hope		800-273-8255
Did you know: 		That when polled 95% of active front-line border patrol agents said YES to wanting a wall when surveyed?
Why is the Mueller harassment operation against @realDonaldTrump still getting paid during a government shutdown?		🤔
Only President Trump could get the Democrats and the media to argue that we need to keep troops in endless wars in the Middle East
Two amazing high school leaders from @TPUSA heckled and screamed at by intolerant leftists for wearing a #MAGA hat		It is sad to see that high school patriots can’t even wear a hat to support @realDonaldTrump without having leftists scream at them in the airport		RT! https://t.co/szUGuBgfsP
I agree! https://t.co/RLEBuFLPEv
It is against federal law to aid and abed foreign nationals to illegally cross into our country		Our new attorney general should open a massive investigation into the organizations funding and assisting the illegal border jumping		Throw them in prison for aiding the law breaking!
So pleased to see @realDonaldTrump holding the line on the government shutdown!		We need a wall! Democrats have voted for this multiple times, but they now oppose it because they are committed to destroying our President		They hate Trump more than they love America
RT @RealCandaceO: Closing out our amazing #SAS2018 conference with my best friend and fellow warrior. 		After a year of learning who our re…
In 2014 our government spent:		-Swedish massages for rabbits ($387,000)	-Subsidizing Alpaca Poop ($50,000)	-Studying the gambling habits of monkeys ($171,000)		Yet we can’t find the funding to protect our border with a wall		🤔
This is why we need a wall		Illegal immigration is a serious threat to our country		90% of all heroin comes across the border		Thousands of kids are Sex trafficked		Illegals cost US taxpayers $135 billion a year		We support the shutdown for a wall!		RT!		 https://t.co/97bN8L3ukp
Why not use the $14 billion we seized from El Chapo to pay for the wall?		🤔
If some government employees are “non-essential” why are they government employees?		🤔
To anger a conservative lie to him 		To anger a liberal tell him the truth
If the Senate used the nuclear option to get Brett Kavanaugh and Neil Gorsuch we can use the nuclear option to get the wall!		Hold the line @realDonaldTrump - shut down the government if the senate does not approve the house bill - this is our last chance!!! 		We have your back!
The fight for border security is fundamental to the future of our country		Shut down the government, do whatever it takes - this is the most important moment so far in the Trump Presidency		We need the wall! - @realDonaldTrump
President Trump doing the correct and courageous thing rejecting the horrible Senate deal - hold the line, we need the wall		We are with you!
RT @kimguilfoyle: Check out my new op-ed in the @DailyCaller today! As the year winds to an end, let's take a look at the ways Americans ar…
Please @realDonaldTrump VETO this bill - put DC into a tailspin and fight for the WALL and border security!		This is your last best chance to get the wall before 2020 - we have your back, do not back down!		We need the wall!
Why are we just now ‘discovering’ 19,000 missing texts between lovers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page?		Why do emails and messages always seem to go missing by thousands when it comes to people like Page, Strzok, and Clinton who are trying to destroy our country from within?		🤔
Thousands and thousands of students from all 50 states who LOVE @realDonaldTrump scream “USA! USA!” 		This is a sight the media WONT report		Why is the media ignoring the largest EVER gathering of young conservatives?		RT so they can’t ignore!! https://t.co/dn5rDdKZ5b
SAFE AGAIN:		President Trump is planning to bring over 2,000 American troops back home from Syria		The terrorist organization Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton created has officially been destroyed
Where portions of the wall are built border crossings are down:		San Diego - down 92%		El Paso - down 95%		Tucson - down 92%		Yuma, AZ - down 96%		#BuildTheWall
Big shout out to @RealCandaceO @TheOfficerTatum and the entire #BLEXIT team that lobbied for this on Capitol Hill! 		Of course none of this would have happened without the persistence of Jared Kushner and the leadership of @realDonaldTrump - this is history!! https://t.co/u6viov2xfW
Did you know:		A panel of federal judges just dismissed ALL 83 ethics complaints leveled against JUSTICE Kavanaugh		The Democrat hit job against an honorable man failed miserably
Just like many failing cities, including Detroit, Liberals took over the Boy Scouts and within half a decade, they’re bankrupt and failing		You show me a broken city, government, school, organization, or country and I’ll show you somewhere a liberal is in charge
Wait, are you saying that the news media lies and can't be trusted?		🤔 https://t.co/uMtEidjCSl
These College Marxists would rather see President Trump fail than see America have:		Lowest EVER Black &amp; Hispanic unemployment		Largest ever tax cuts &amp; 3.5 million Americans OFF of food stamps		Korean peace		America is WINNING thanks to @realDonaldTrump and the Left HATES it!		RT https://t.co/YYajg2xVAp
Facts:		Fewer than one out of every 500 Americans with a full-time job are paid the minimum wage.		And a majority of those working on minimum wage are 24 years and younger		Most people on minimum wage get raises within 3 months of work		Learn the data and facts @Ocasio2018
Did you know:		Over 1,800 companies left liberal, high-tax California for Conservative, low-tax Texas in 2018		Over 800,000 Americans have left high tax states for low tax ones		Republican policies work for America
What happened to the Democrats?		In 2013 they voted to:		Expand border fencing		End the diversity visa lottery		Increase border patrol agents		Spend BILLIONS to secure the border		Now, they would rather oppose the President than keep America safe
.@realDonaldTrump is 100% correct		The annual cost of illegal immigrants is over 115 BILLION in benefits		10,000 kids are trafficked across the border annually 		98% of all heroin comes across the border		A few billion for a wall is a small price to pay		 https://t.co/97bN8L3ukp
Still trying to figure out why we can give $150 billion to Iran, a country that hates us, burns our flag, and funds terrorism, but @realDonaldTrump can’t get $5 billion for the wall to secure our country		🤔
If the government does shutdown over the fight for the border wall @realDonaldTrump should refer to it as the “Kate Steinle” shutdown		Now is the absolute perfect time for Trump to dig in and get the wall our country needs		If the Democrats don’t give the funding, shut it down!
Democrats are much more worried about Russians buying $4,600 in Facebook ads than they are worried that illegals are voting in our elections corrupting the integrity of our democracy
Facts:		Since @realdonaldtrump repealed Obama’s net neutrality law		Broadband download speeds are up 38.5%		Average upload speeds are up 22%		I thought people were going to die?		🤔
WATCH!		We are not a nation without a border. Every day we leave our borders open, we let drugs, crime, and human traffickers flow freely in and out of our country		FACT: 95% of Border Patrol agents when surveyed support the wall		Let's make their jobs easier. BUILD THE WALL!		RT https://t.co/97bN8L3ukp
There was no collusion between Trump campaign and Russia. But we already knew that 		There was collusion between Hillary and Russia to sell our uranium in exchange for cash 		There was collusion between Obama and Russia to be “more flexible” after the election 		Investigate them
Facts:		The Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency in 2018 deported more than 256,000 illegal aliens out of the United States, including about 6,000 suspected or known gang members
Facts:		Britain’s National Health Service cancelled more than 50,000 surgeries the government deemed to be “non-urgent”		Survival rates for “urgent” medical conditions such as various types of cancer are far lower than U.S. rates		This is what @Ocasio2018 wants for America
Muller should release the 70+ hours of interviews with Michael Cohen		We then can see how much his story changed, how we was threatened, &amp; the deals that were cut		This is a taxpayer funded hit job and we deserve to see how our money is being used to try and destroy Trump
Did you know:		60% of burglaries in Britain occur when residents are in their home because it is so unlikely they are armed		Compare that to 13% in the United States where a homeowner is likely to use a firearm to protect their home and family		Gun control makes people LESS safe
Biological men who identify as women should not be allowed to compete in women’s athletics against biological women
I am sick of my tax dollars being used to dig up dirt against Donald Trump while the evidence is blatantly clear against Hillary and Obama
WATCH THIS!		The Russian collusion HOAX is a 25 million dollar, taxpayer-funded witch hunt!		Instead of focusing on:		The booming economy	Record low unemployment	Korean peace	Historic American success		They would rather destroy our great President based on partisan lies!		RT https://t.co/NZQ2wiwpvy
Democrats won’t fund a border wall to keep illegals out, yet they want us to fund sanctuary cities to keep illegals in our country against our laws?		🤔
The National Republican Congressional Committee says it had its servers hacked		Unlike the DNC - The NRCC turned the servers over to the FBI for a full and complete investigation		What were the Democrats trying to hide?		🤔
The Progressive model for the United States, Denmark, is officially shipping un-deportable migrants to a remote island prison to be detained until further notice		Denmark Immigration minister is quoted as saying some immigrants “are unwanted in Denmark, and they will feel that”
Thousands of students ✅	Warm weather ✅	YUGE name speakers ✅		And a few surprises still to come		😉		Adult tickets now available 		The movement is growing, join us in Palm Beach this Wednesday!		https://t.co/BUkiNac9lI https://t.co/fvl9q3DLi7
Did you know:		Obamacare hires 9,000 new IRS agents, has 28 NEW taxes, costs $800 billion, &amp; disproportionately harms young people?		The law is now ruled unconstitutional, it is dead!
It must suck to be Obama:		The Iran deal was cancelled, the Paris agreement exited, two more justices added to the Supreme Court, US withdrew from TPP, ISIS totally destroyed, War on coal ended, and just when you think its enough:		Obamacare is ruled unconstitutional
There are only two genders.		But the left is waging a war on culture and they’ve brought the fight to our schools, businesses, and even our bathrooms		We can’t simply ignore biology and we can’t let the left win in their fight to distort the most basic scientific principles		RT https://t.co/uSSGBzLbGm
“We have to get people off welfare. Welfare is not the answer - it destroys the individual and it destroys the family. The only answer is to find jobs for people.”		Bobby Kennedy - 1967 https://t.co/vciL7ldYLt
This Obamacare ruling is thanks to @realDonaldTrump 		The Trump tax bill repealed the individual mandate which led to this historic and courageous ruling		Obamacare, the worse law since the Great Society Act, is DEAD!		A big victory for freedom, liberty, and America!
Obamacare - unconstitutional!		Thank you Texas!!
I am a proud Eagle Scout		This week it was announced the Boy Scouts of America face bankruptcy		This is because they allowed girls into the Boy Scouts, a horrific and fatal error, as well as continually surrendering to the politically correct leftist mob		They deserve this
California:		Ranks 46th in education		15th in crime		Highest homeless population		Highest poverty rate		The worst pollution		Most illegals		Holds the most debt nationwide		Jail time for misgendering but not for spreading HIV		...Has been run by Democrats for decades		🤔
Obama and Clinton have gotten away with: 		Uranium One	Benghazi	Solyndra	Fast &amp; Furious	IRS targeting	Cash to Iran	Rigging a primary against Bernie 	Illegally storing emails	Paying for a fake dossier	Lying under oath	Spying on Trump	 	And Trump is the one under investigation? 🤔
Facts:		According to Senior Border Patrol officials, 70-75% of the illegal aliens in the migrant caravan are single adult men		Only 20-30% are women or children		As they get closer to our border, the media will only focus on that 20% and the rest will be ignored		BUILD THE WALL
Instead of a party for the press @realDonaldTrump should host a Christmas party for our amazing wounded warrior veterans and then make the media cover the event
Democrats are happy to spend Trillions of dollars each year on failed government programs yet they refuse to approve just $5 billion for a wall?		🤔
Over 268 cases of sexual assault and harassment have been settled for members of Congress using taxpayer dollars		How many of them benefited from our money to pay off their indiscretions?		The list should be released and made public, end the taxpayer hush money slush fund!
The same people outraged by businessman Donald Trump possibly making business deals with Russia before he was president are okay with:		Hillary Clinton selling U.S. uranium to Russia		Joe Biden’s son making private, billion dollar deals with China while his father was VP		🤔
Every liberal who donated to Stormy Daniels legal fund actually gave money directly to Donald Trump, the person they want to destroy
If walls don’t work, why do so many elite liberals and Democrat politicians live in gated communities? 		🤔
Did you know:		James Comey now teaches an “ethics” college course		The same FBI director who prowled the halls of the White House with McCabe to entrap Flynn without giving him legal representation or notifying him their conversation was a FBI interview		Comey brags about this
If Melania Trump was a Democrat she would be held up as an example for young women to follow		She is brilliant, elegant, gorgeous, stunning, thoughtful, and an exceptional person		If she was a Democrat she would be on the cover of every major fashion magazine imaginable
We should crowdfund the wall		I will donate $1,000 to ensure our southern border is secure from criminals, illegals, drug trafficking, child sex traffickers, and potential terrorists		If 5 million patriots stepped up and do the same we would fully fund the wall		Who is with me?
Why don't Republicans defund Planned Parenthood and redirect that $500 million to the construction of the border wall?		🤔
According to a Harvard study, 93% of CNN &amp; NBC coverage of President Trump’s highly successful administration is negative		They choose to ignore:		Highest ever black, hispanic, women, youth, veteran, &amp; Asian unemployment		Record low taxes		Strengthened military		Korean peace		🤔
Kevin Brandon Aragon Luna was arrested and deported at the end of November by ICE for being a part of a terrorist organization, after illegally crossing into the country through the Southern Border		Democrats want to abolish the organization deporting terrorists out of America
Thank you for compiling a list of members of Congress who don’t understand economics https://t.co/rkjGzS8NOf
Donald Trump approval: 50%		Emmanuel Macron approval: 18%		One has presided over a booming economy, record low taxes &amp; unemployment despite constant negative media		The other is presiding over the most violent riots in decades despite constant positive press		Globalism has failed
Just weeks after a HUGE fentanyl bust in her own backyard, Elizabeth Warren claims that ICE doesn’t keep America safe &amp; calls for abolishment		On top of drug busts, ICE arrests:		Sex traffickers	Pedophiles	Drug &amp; arms traffickers	Murderers		Why does the left want abolish ICE?		🤔
Europe is crashing and burning due to weak, futile, globalist leaders like May, Macron, and Merkel		America booming thanks to strong decisive leadership of @realDonaldTrump 		Western society as we know it rests on the continued success of America
The Democratic Congressional Committee is 18 MILLION dollars in debt following the midterm elections		If this is how they manage their own money how do you think they’ll manage yours?		🤔
Pelosi and Schumer pretend to be for transparency and then they shut out the media from their meeting with @realDonaldTrump to hide their radicalism and open border, globalist views from the American people
Mueller has never been about “Russian Collusion”		It was and remains a taxpayer funded hit squad against @realDonaldTrump and his allies		They are using $30 million of taxpayer funds with committed Democrat lawyers to destroy the most successful President of our generation
RT @charliekirk11: Where else can you hear:		Tucker Carlson	Jesse Watters	Dr Jordan Peterson	Dennis Prager	Candace Owens	Nigel Farage	Donal…
Fact the media won’t tell you:		3.5 million people are OFF food stamps since @realDonaldTrump took office		Under Obama millions remained on taxpayer funded assistance, under Trump they found work and higher wages
By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taxpayer dollars to settle sexual harassment complaints
President Trump is fighting to convince Congress to give him a couple billion dollars for a wall		Then how did Obama come up with billions for Iran a country that wants us dead?		🤔
Did you know:		In 2008 when Obama’s campaign was guilty of $2 million in campaign finance violations the Justice department decided not to prosecute
Facts:		Since the beginning of Venezuela's Socialist Revolution, 85% of businesses have closed		Maduro has increased the minimum wage by 3500% causing 40% of remaining businesses to close		It's not that Socialism wasn't properly implemented, it's that it was PERFECTLY implemented
France has destroyed their country from within by embracing high tax policies and foolish social welfare programs		Yet it isn’t enough to calm the masses		Paris once the city of lights is now the city of flames		Cultural Marxism is destroying Europe from within
I've been called every name in the book by liberal activists all over the country but they NEVER have any sort of proof to back up their claims!		Every time the Left calls someone a racist just because they disagree with them, it cheapens REAL racism! https://t.co/9bclYN9jhw
Macron wants the US to stop meddling in French affairs, so then why don’t we end all taxpayer funded aid to Europe?		🤔
Facts:		Zero Republican Senators opposed the civil rights act of 1960		13 Democrats filibustered for 125 hours before voting against it to try and prevent blacks from voting		Why don’t they teach this in our schools?		🤔
Did you know:		Native Americans are the most impoverished group in America, despite receiving the most government benefits		The Bureau of Indian Affairs is the most mismanaged &amp; inefficient government agency		The more government tries to help, the more it hurts.
Where is the coverage on the 414 pg. report released by the Senate Judiciary Committee which found NO evidence against JUSTICE Kavanaugh?		The left was quick to try and destroy an innocent man on lies all to maintain political power
Nick is a total patriot. Honored to call him a friend. He will do amazing work on the outside to ensure a @realDonaldTrump win in 2020! https://t.co/XatYxqyMHU
Did you know:		In order to afford a carton of eggs in Venezuela, you’d have to work for 5 days and save 100% of those earnings to afford them		That’s assuming you have a job. Over 30% of the country doesn’t		#SocialismSucks
Notice how Obama is constantly taking credit for every accomplishment Trump has achieved?		He does this because he achieved nothing as President
We have documented evidence of illegals voting in FL, hundreds of counties across the country where millions of dead voters are still on the rolls, &amp; multiple cases of Democrat voter fraud		What does it take for the Democrats to talk fraud?		Lose a winnable race in North Carolina
Isn’t it funny that the very same political machine that keeps screaming about Russian interference in our elections (with absolutely zero proof) is the same political party that rigged its own primaries and used 700 superdelegates to override the will of 7 million Democrats?		🤔
Army vs Navy is the only game where everyone playing is willing to die for everyone watching
Liberal hypocrisy:		Tear gas was used at least once a month from 2009-2013 to deter immigrants at the Southern Border under the Obama administration		The Left is outraged when our border patrol agents protect our country from a violent invasion, but only if Trump is President
According to the rules of the mob left, which Amy is a leader of, her career should now be over https://t.co/p0Z7Cn9by4
To all the kneeling entitled thankless NFL players that continue to reject our great flag, look at the physical struggle and pain Bob Dole went through to pay respect to HW Bush &amp; our flag		Kneeling during the national anthem as a multi millionaire athlete is despicable hypocrisy
Heartbreaking:		Luis Rodrigo Perez, an illegal immigrant killed 3 people in Missouri after a 'sanctuary city” release from custody		He was jailed for domestic violence in New Jersey and then released defying a ICE order for deportation due to Democrat sanctuary city policy rules
If you dare disagree with the left or even worse make fun of them, they will do everything they can to silence you		@Ocasio2018 had her feelings hurt because she doesn’t understand basic economics, so she then threatens to subpoena @DonaldJTrumpJr as recourse
You just committed a crime		Official Oppression:		It is illegal to use the power of your office to threaten to deprive someone of their rights.  In this case, @DonaldJTrumpJr first amendment rights		You should lawyer up https://t.co/xylWi6s1BF
All men are created equal but not all cultures are created equal		The West is superior to every other culture because it is the most prosperous, tolerant, and innovative culture to ever exist		That’s why America is the only country where even those who hate it refuse to leave https://t.co/sl7NhneHdc
Today we honor and remember the American lives lost on this day 77 years ago. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/fULulvfJbk
BIG NEWS!		@FoxNews has endorsed @realDonaldTrump's terrific prison reform bill		This bill will be a HUGE win for all Americans. President Trump is a problem solver who tackles difficult issues delivering win after win!		Time for the Senate to take this up for a vote!
Macron: 18% approval rating, riots in streets, Paris on fire, economy in ruin, middle class revolting		Trump: 50% approval rating, best economy in US history, lowest ever black, woman, and Hispanic unemployment		America is thriving , globalism is dead
Political correctness is a cancer killing this country 		Kevin Hart has nothing to apologize for 		He is hilarious and shouldn’t be shut down by the leftist mob
Just last week:		President Trump signed an INCREDIBLE trade deal with Mexico &amp; Canada, to replace the NAFTA disaster		Won a trade war with China		Got China to reduce &amp; remove tariffs on US car imports		All while wages continue to rise &amp; unemployment continues to go down		#MAGA
Fact:		97.6% of all mass shootings occur in gun free zones		Maybe this is a sign that gun laws don’t stop violent crime?		🤔
Fact:		There are more Americans on Food Stamps than the entire population of Canada. Yet Democrats won’t support work requirements for able-bodied adults receiving your tax dollars.
Did you know:		Last 18 months Americans gave over 410 BILLION dollars to charity and spent over 7 BILLION hours volunteering for good causes		This is unheard of in Socialist countries. Capitalism creates the most prosperous, generous, and giving populations
Study: 		Half of All High School Students Don’t Trust the Media to Report Accurately and Fairly		Countless studies show that Generation Z is on track to be the most conservative in 50 years
Fact:		The poorest Americans are 8X richer than the poorest people in Socialist countries such as Venezuela &amp; Cuba		Socialism is the biggest scam ever sold to the American people. It’s killed over 150 million in the past 100yrs		We can’t let it destroy our country		@Ocasio2018
One of my favorite moments today was the not so subtle reminder that Hillary is not President and Obama's radical agenda is being destroyed
GREAT AGAIN:		In 2018, 18 states have hit their lowest EVER statewide unemployment numbers		We are making America GREAT again one state at a time		#MAGA
USA Gymnastics should not be allowed to use bankruptcy protection to prevent depositions of the animal Nassar’s victims		They covered up this crime for too long		They and everyone connected must pay a steep price for lying about the abuse and systematically covering it up
It was supposed to never happen		Yet the brilliant leadership of HW Bush/Ronald Reagan destroyed greatest evil of the modern era without ever firing a shot		The wall fell, Germany was reunified, &amp; the eastern bloc tasted freedom for the first time in 100 years		God bless HW 🇺🇸
Democrats want to allow illegals into the U.S. because they know they will be counted in the 2020 census		If only citizens are counted in the census, Democrats will lose dozens of seats and electoral votes		The Left doesn't care about people, they only care about power
Today you will hear touching, beautiful tributes about an honorable man President HW Bush		But make no mistake, the media hated this man and his family while he was in office		They did everything they could to destroy him and get Clinton elected
Bernie Sanders spent nearly $300,000 on private air travel in October		For a committed socialist he sure seems to love living like a capitalist
In 6 years of doing campus organizing &amp; visits I have NEVER seen a conservative try &amp; silence a liberal speaker on campus. Not once 		Yet almost daily leftist students try to cancel, shout down, &amp; silence conservatives on campus		Why is the left so intolerant of other ideas?		🤔
If Mueller truly had something he wouldn’t release these findings about Flynn and recommended no jail time		He is desperate and wants to make an example out of Flynn		He wants to show the remaining people being investigated that if they “comply” they won’t go to jail
Michael Flynn recommended no prison time from Mueller		This taxpayer funded hunt against @realDonaldTrump has gone on too long		Defund Mueller and end this investigation, now!
Fact:		Paris climate agreement pledged to spend trillions of dollars we don’t have, to shut down critical business all to MAYBE lower the global tempature by 1 degree in 30 years		@realDonaldTrump was correct to exit this horrible deal
Lowest ever black unemployment rate✅		Lowest ever Hispanic unemployment✅		Lowest women unemployment in 60 yrs✅		The Korean War is over✅		Economy is best it has ever been✅		Taxes at 60 year low✅		ISIS obliterated ✅		US energy independent ✅		What is the left resisting?		🤔
The new Democrat party:		Terrorists over Israel 	Illegals over Americans 	Socialism over Capitalism	Lobbyisys over Voters	Criminals over Police	Globalists over America 	Wall Street over Main Street 	Voter Fraud over Voter I.D.	DC over America	Politics over the People
WATCH THIS		College Marxists like these two at Oregon want to see universities resegregated!		Black only graduations and dormitories are the new vision of the modern Left		Isn’t that exactly what the civil rights movement was fighting to end? 🤔		RT https://t.co/z9ESyitkaR
Any organization found to be aiding and abetting illegals to cross our border should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law		If found guilty the judgement should be to seize their assets to pay for the wall		If you fund illegal border crossing  you must pay a steep price
There are riots in socialist France because of radical leftist fuel taxes		Media barely mentioning this		America is booming, Europe is burning 		They want to cover up the middle class rebellion against cultural Marxism		“We want Trump” being chanted through the streets of Paris
200 years ago:		6% of the world lived in extreme poverty. Today, 90% don’t		83% didn’t have a basic education. Today, 86% do		1% lived in a Democracy. Today, only 44% don’t		Child mortality rate was 43%. Today, it’s 4%		This all thanks to free market capitalism
Fact:		Almost every major Latin American country with the exception of Chile has significantly higher homicide rates than the U.S. despite having far fewer guns and much stricter gun control laws		Criminals love gun control
Hey @Acosta I am sitting in your seat and I didn't even have to sue to get here https://t.co/lycbXIewwM
If the Caravan turned down multiple asylum/refugee resettlement offers en route to the United States then they are NOT refugees		They are illegal border jumpers trying to cut in line to illegally enter America
America is exceptional 		We are not equal to other countries. We are stronger, better, more generous, richer, and more powerful than any other nation to exist		We will no longer bend the knee the false promise of globalism		America will lead, and the rest of the world will follow
Did you know:		According to the census 63 percent of ‘non-citizens’ are on welfare, 4.6 million households
Did you know:		In 2013, illegals rushed the border like they’re doing today and were met with the same response during the Obama administration		Border Patrol agents, at Obama’s direction, used pepperball guns to protect themselves		Why the double standard from the media?		🤔
Wait, the caravan was supposed to be fleeing hunger yet now they are voluntarily going on a hunger strike to demand illegal entry into America?		🤔
18 months and $49 million dollars later Mueller has discovered Trump builds hotels and Manafort lobbied for foreign governments
Only in 2018 could, Robert Francis O'Rourke, "Beto", a Irishman married to a billionaire pretend to be a Latino progressive fighting for the little guy
Fascist left:		Female Harvard student, 24, is ordered to move out of her apartment after her roommates searched her room &amp; found legally-owned guns - because her MAGA hat made them suspicious		Leyla Pirnie said she needed a gun because she was in a previously abusive relationship
Beautiful irony:		Hillary committed her life to try and rid the world of conservatives, yet her plan gave us one of the greatest ever
HW Bush’s last tweet was thanking Susan Collins for her heroic stand behind Justice Kavanaugh https://t.co/jZQ6hWP1fe
Paris, once the city of lights, is now the city of flames		A reckless socialist government, uncontrolled police state, massive amounts of new immigrants who hate the west, a weak lying Prime Minister, and a population that feels entitled to not work has destroyed a great city
.@RealDonaldTrump is sending Air Force One to Houston to pick up President Bush’s casket		This is a fitting tribute for an honorable man and President Trump is displaying nothing but class and respect
Congress is exempt from Obamacare 		You are now part of the ruling class		Instead of trying to spend 32 trillion dollars we do not have why don’t you donate your savings to the victims of socialism since you are advocating for ideas that have killed 100 million + https://t.co/XazrVzYZXU
Where else can you hear:		Tucker Carlson	Jesse Watters	Dr Jordan Peterson	Dennis Prager	Candace Owens	Nigel Farage	Donald Trump JR	Kimberly Guilfoyle	Dave Rubin	Mark Levin	Dr Gorka	Katie Pavlich	Greg Gutfeld	And more speakers...		Attend —&gt; https://t.co/BUkiNac9lI https://t.co/OfDtERImVv
One of the lasting legacies of HW Bush was how he courageously stood by the great Clarence Thomas in the face of lies and fake accusations		Justice Thomas still proudly sits on the court today thanks to HW refusing to capitulate to the liberal mob https://t.co/j390rHAAfZ
ICE just arrested a criminal immigration attorney		She was found guilty after after purposefully lying on 100+ asylum cases		She lied about their criminal histories, falsely alleged persecution, &amp; forged multiple signatures		Maybe this is why Democrats want to abolish ICE?		🤔
Colleges have become Marxist indoctrination centers and left-wing activist training camps 		10.4 - 1 ratio of Democrat to Republican professors at an average college 		39% of top tier liberal arts have ZERO GOP professors
HW Bush was a champion of freedom		He oversaw the fall of the Berlin Wall and the collapse of the greatest evil of our generation, the Soviet Union		May his memory be a blessing
Once @realDonaldTrump is done with his second term he will have nominated at least 5 out of 9 justices changing the court for the better for a generation		2 done, 3 to go		#MAGA https://t.co/7AEEjitbo9
The media keeps attacking @DonaldJTrumpJr because he is the most popular and effective Trump spokesperson in the movement		I’ve seen him firsthand handle hecklers, militant protestors, and unhinged leftists		He draws massive crowds		The left is scared of him and his voice
The left needs people to be victims. As soon as they become VICTORS their entire political scheme and agenda crumbles		We believe in the power of the individual to rise above government welfare and dependence		The left needs people to need them		Don't be a victim, be a victor
Would the Democrats be happy if Trump had sold out America's uranium for millions in cash and collected exorbitant speaking fees from Russian banks?		🤔
The media is doing everything they can to destroy @DonaldJTrumpJr and @realDonaldTrump that they are not longer allowing facts to get in the way of their agenda to attack the Trump family.		An apology and total retraction are in order. Their attack on Don JR was reprehensible https://t.co/uhpokcoW9f
Hey @senatemajldr this is a HUGE CHANCE to change the game for a generation!		The left always talks a big game on prison reform, yet they do nothing		Our party has a chance to PASS REAL REFORM and deliver true results for all Americans		Get it done!! 		 https://t.co/zbanB79XXQ
“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked, and circumventing the line of people who are waiting patiently, diligently, and lawfully to become immigrants in this country.”		-Barack Obama, 2005
A student asked me if there was ANYTHING good about socialism 		The answer is brutally simple: 		HELL NO		Socialism is a creed of greed, envy, and legalized theft 		100 million dead in 100 years 		Everything government touches turns to crap 		RT!		 https://t.co/QyVB63jO0m
We have witnessed:		North and South Korean soldiers shaking hands		Landmines destroyed along the DMZ		10 North Korean guard posts blown up		A historic summit for peace between the Koreas		We’re witnessing history		Give @realDonaldTrump the Nobel peace prize
Did you know:		Under Obama, 307,000 vets died waiting for VA care - according to CNN		Since Trump took office, he’s fired nearly 4,000 VA employees who failed to take care of our veterans		We are finally draining the swamp and holding the fourth branch of government accountable
One of the greatest threats to America is the fact that our school system is not teaching the next generation morals, American exceptionalism, free enterprise, the constitution, the dangers of socialism, or the value of hard work
Caravan health concerns according to Tijuana Health Dept.		60% of Caravan has respiratory infections		101 lice cases		4 HIV/AIDS cases		3 tuberculosis		3 chicken pox
Facts:		Immigrant usage of taxpayer funded food stamps is down 10%		A new plan by the Trump administration to stop funding welfare programs for illegals &amp; legal immigrants would save taxpayers $57.4 BILLION - 1,600 per person!		This is REAL welfare and immigration reform
In Venezuela:		30 children a day die from diseases such as tuberculosis, polio and measles		68% of children are malnourished		Nearly 300,000 could die by the end of the year due to lack of food		14% of the population has fled since the Socialism was implemented		#SocialismSucks
Black people do not have to be Democrats
Every voter roll in must be audited, voter ID must be implemented, and a streamlined system to count votes transparently instituted		You must be a citizen to vote	You must be alive to vote	You cannot vote twice		If Democrats really wanted to protect our Democracy, this is how
Illegals should not be allowed or granted any form of government benefits 		If you want to break our immigration laws then you will have to make it on your own. Don’t expect us to subsidize your lawbreaking
I find it very hard to believe that Khashoggi was killed without the approval of the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia
Did you know:		A member of the KKK once sat on the Supreme Court of the United States. His name was Hugo Black		He wasn’t a Republican.		He was a radical Democrat appointed by "Progressive" hero, Franklin Delano Roosevelt		These are facts they do not teach in schools
Liberals never march when kids are killed by illegals		Liberals never march when vets can’t find work		Liberals never march when MS-13 wreaks havoc on families		Liberals never march against Democrat controlled cities that are full of crime &amp; drugs		Yet they march for illegals		🤔
In Chicago:		Despite having the strictest gun laws in the country, a person is shot every 3 hours and murdered every 15 hours		Over 1,785 have been shot this year		746 were shot and killed in 2016		Criminals love gun control because it ensures only criminals control the guns https://t.co/YrWoYjaVTB
Annual cost of illegal immigration by state:		CA.. $21.8 Billion 	NY.. $9.5 Billion 	TX.. $8.9 Billion 	FL.. $5.5 Billion	IL.. $4.6 Billion	NJ.. $3.5 Billion 	AZ.. $2.6 Billion 	GA. $2.4 Billion		Annual national cost over $84 billion		Illegals are a financial drain on our country
It is against federal law to aid and abed foreign nationals to illegally cross into our country		Our new attorney general should open a massive investigation into the organizations funding and assisting the illegal border jumping		Throw them in prison for aiding the law breaking!
53 seats in the Senate is a historic victory for @realDonaldTrump 		Obama lost several seats in his first midterm election, Trump just advanced his majority		Let’s confirm more Supreme Court justices!
We the taxpayers should have never bailed out General Motors		They are the ultimate crony capitalists and embody the worst aspect of insider deals and political corruption in DC		Pull their subsidies, now!
Why are the criminal illegal aliens in the illegal caravan waving their countries flags?		If they love their country so much - they should have stayed there and worked to make it better, not come and try to illegally border jump into America
Amazing:		4,300 VA Employees Fired, Demoted, or Suspended for Negligence Under Trump
Democrats being opposed to prison reform is not surprising considering their history		They also opposed freeing the slaves		Civil rights		Voting rights for women		Voting rights for Blacks		Desegregation of the South		Democrats don't care about people, they just care about power
Facts about caravan according to Department of Homeland Security:		8,500 members		Mostly male		90% NOT eligible for asylum		600 known criminals		So far four border patrol agents injured
Comparing Guatemala to Nazi occupied Germany is a new low even for you https://t.co/IUbfrUwLNk
MSNBC on the ground reporting:		“The majority of people that we have seen as part of this caravan are actually men and some of these men have not articulated the need for asylum”
Illegals are taught and trained by professional amnesty lawyers how to declare “asylum” when they come to the southern border 		This is the latest strategy by the border jumpers and globalists to destroy our borders and the rule or law
Illegally cutting in line and border jumping is not immigration, it is lawless criminal activity. https://t.co/1rVsqXTh4n
Our border are wide open		Child sex traffickers, gang leaders, &amp; drug smugglers cross our southern border daily without anyone stopping them		I visited it myself and saw our open borders firsthand		@realDonaldTrump is spot on. We must BUILD THE WALL 		RT		https://t.co/KK9jk544sX
Democrats think that Russian hackers with fake Facebook accounts is a credible threat to our Democracy		Why are they okay with illegal alien votes being counted in our election?		🤔
Leftist Dictionary:		Illegal immigrants = Dreamers		Trump supporters = Deplorables		MS-13 members = good people		I.C.E = Thugs		Hamas terrorists = peaceful protesters		NRA members = terrorists
If we put the $500 million we give to Planned Parenthood each year towards the border we could end illegal immigration, build the wall, and secure the border once and for all
If you don’t want to be hit with tear gas when entering a country illegally then don’t enter the country illegally
If the Clinton foundation truly was doing important work why did their donations decrease by 84% as soon as their access to power disappeared?		🤔
Cutting in line to gain entry into a America is not immigration, it is lawless border jumping		Comparing illegal border entry with immigration is an insult to the millions of law abiding people who patiently wait their turn to enter the United States the right way
South and North Korea meet peacefully at the DMZ		@realDonaldTrump is delivering historic peace to the Korean Peninsula		President Trump deserves the Nobel peace prize		 https://t.co/h8e9W7bFEy
I believe immigration is the number one issue facing our country		Failure to secure our southern border as well as resist any form of amnesty is the defining issue of our generation		Democrats know if they are successful in granting citizenship to millions of illegals they win
If America is such a horrible place why are thousands of people risking their lives to try and come here?		🤔
If capitalism is evil and socialism is the answer, why isn’t the caravan heading for Venezuela?		🤔
Liberals hate walls yet live in gated communities 		Liberals hate guns yet walk around with armed guards 		Liberals hate school choice yet they send their kids to private schools 		RT!		 https://t.co/FlAtkkXO9D
Did you know:		Democrats won 73/100 of the wealthiest house districts in the midterms		Hillary won 8/10 of the wealthiest counties in 2016		Democrats pretend to be the party of working people yet they are actually catering to the interests of the 1% and elites
Every college socialist should be encouraged to live under a Marxist regime for 6 months 		Would love to see the Bernie bros try and survive in Venezuela without running water, food, shelter, or wifi 		Socialism sounds great till it kills you and your family
The Left would rather manufacture “racism” out of thin air when it comes to President Trump		Why wouldn’t they focus on:		The First Step Act which will GREATLY improve black communities		Lowest ever Black, Hispanic &amp; Asian unemployment		Highest ever Black small business ownership
Horrifying: 		DHS detains illegal immigrant after attempting to enter US with girl he claimed was his daughter but in reality was a girl he was raping and illegal trafficking across the southern border
The Democrats do not want to secure the border		They are losing their electoral base and are searching for millions of new voters		Open borders and giving amnesty to millions of illegals would result in a big political win for liberals		We must deport illegals and build the wall
Did you know: 		Mexico offered the illegal migrant caravan asylum and jobs in Mexico and they refused		This caravan isn’t looking for opportunity, they’re looking to border jump into America
Hey Black Friday protestors: 		Hating on capitalism while drinking Starbucks, streaming your protest on your iPhone and posting it on Facebook, and getting to the event in an Uber defeats the essence of your complaints
For your political talks over the Thanksgiving table remember: 		Socialism killed 100 million people in last 100 years 		Capitalism is the cure to poverty		America is the greatest country ever 	Taxation is theft 		There are only 2 genders 		Trump is an incredible President
Parkland hero Peter Wang forgotten by the media, instead media seeking students have received the attention since the horrible shooting		May he be remembered this Thanksgiving and may his memory be a blessing https://t.co/QvaSlX32f5
.⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is saving western civilization - we should thank him and his amazing family for their sacrifice and commitment to saving the greatest country ever to exist https://t.co/Zm6siubhnz
Today I am thankful this honorable man sits on the Supreme Court https://t.co/boQG6mZvMy
Our incredible President @realDonaldTrump has sacrificed his business, billionaire lifestyle, his decades of success, all to be attacked by the media daily to try and save our country from leftist open-border elites who wish us all harm		This Thanksgiving I am thankful for Trump
If members of the caravan were likely to vote Republican the Democrats would have already built the wall and mobilized the military to prevent their entry into America
The more research and data I look at from the midterms a few weeks ago, the more I am convinced that without @realDonaldTrump working the trail for a month straight, Republicans would have severely lost more house seats as well as control of the Senate
Facts:		According to the AFBF The real cost of a Thanksgiving dinner is at the lowest level its been since 2010		26% lower than it was 1986		You’d only have to work at an average wage for just over 2 hours to afford to feed 10 people		This Thanksgiving, be thankful for Capitalism
.@realDonaldTrump is spot on - judges nominated by Obama believe in a “living” constitution, they legislate through their opinions and believe the constitution should be totally changed		Obama’s judges have blocked Trump’s agenda time and time again		Roberts is wrong here, again
You can thank @RealCandaceO for this remarkable improvement		The Democrats should be scared, very scared. Their rule is ending.		#BLEXIT https://t.co/wMByMyl96B
Did you know:		79% of 9th circuit court cases that reach the appellate level get overturned
The left is a wholly destructive force whose primary mission is to tear down the leading institutions and individuals of the Western world		The left destroys everything it touches
Breaking:		Nine Los Angeles residents have been charged in a voter fraud scheme after allegedly paying homeless people to forge signatures on voter registration forms and ballot petitions during the 2016 and 2018 elections
Caller on Rush Limbaugh’s show said she changed party affiliation in Orange County from Republican to Independent, she then received 6 ballots in the mail		🤔
We don't fear you, we fear for our county people like you got elected		You don't know 3rd grade civics, you repeatedly outdo yourself with unbelievably stupid remarks, you embrace an ideology  that murdered 100 million +, &amp; you do it all while pretending to be for the little guy https://t.co/9E48mUMNPl
America is the only country in the world where even those who hate it refuse to leave
The media is up in arms over Ivanka sending emails from a personal account, but was perfectly fine and silent when it was discovered Hillary illegally built a private server stored with confidential info and then broke the law by destroying devices and emails under subpoena		🤔
Trump is the first President in American history to be attacked for doing everything he said he was going to do
Growing up I was told we should always give Democrats the benefit of the doubt and they want what is best for America		I refuse to believe this		Government dependency, broken schools, high taxes, a weak military, a disregard for laws, and racial division are not good for America
Facts:		2,000 child predators		1,900 murderers		2,000 kidnappers		11,800 sexual predators		That’s how many criminals are in jail, convicted, and being deported thanks to the men and women of ICE		Why would anybody want to abolish this agency?		RT https://t.co/YPif7xQR3e
Wait, if Mexicans are calling the Caravan an “invasion” then are they also racists?		🤔
Last week, Luis Cobos-Cenobio tried to murder a police officer 		He is a DACA recipient and an illegal foreign citizen being allowed to stay in America without deportation		We must get tough, deport criminals, and build the wall
We should not send billons of dollars to countries that chant death to America and burn our flag
If walls don’t work, why do so many elite liberals and Democrat politicians live in gated communities? 		🤔
This is the southern border where the caravan plans to cross		This is why we voted for @realDonaldTrump 		#BuildTheWall https://t.co/DqXKzJodTq
The left needs people to need them 		Their goal is to get as many people signed up for government benefits and keep them dependent forever 		Giving them just enough to survive, but never enough to break out of poverty 		The Democrats are great at keeping poor people poor
Today is #InternationalMensDay		Women are doing far better than men in America, despite the myths and lies		Women on average live 5 years longer than men		Men are much more likely to commit suicide		Women are graduating college in much higher numbers		RT		 https://t.co/Z0KrEslQ1t
If Trump was a Democrat, Melania would be on the front page of every fashion magazine and held up as an ideal role model for young women.
Socialist Ocasio-Cortez basically just said that everyone between Malibu and Manhattan is racist		Cortez really doesn't understand math very well, civics, and also hates 62 million people		Democrats hate the midwest and anywhere their horrific ideas have been rejected https://t.co/ktiwGTEJvE
This is your daily reminder that one of the women who accused the great and honorable Justice Kavanaugh just admitted she made up the entire story		She never met him, and did it for attention		The media and the left almost destroyed a good man’s life on lies
Watch this video. @Ocasio2018 misspeaks then corrects herself incorrectly		She is really misled and never believes she is wrong		She is a perfect Democrat		I almost feel bad for her if she didn’t profess an ideology that has killed hundreds of millions		 https://t.co/GKWzacRWSa
Maybe @Ocasio2018 could afford to pay for an apartment in D.C if she had agreed to debate me or @RealCandaceO for $100,000 dollars		🤔
According to FBI data:		When an armed citizen was present at the scene of a mass shooting, 94% of the time they were successful at either stopping the shooter or saving lives
The Left claims to support vigorous background checks on gun purchases for Americans. 		Why don’t they support the same vetting for:		Voting/Voter ID		Illegal Aliens		Refugees		🤔
Did you know:		The coffee shop where @Ocasio2018 “got her start” had to close down because minimum wage hikes have put them out of business. 		The same minimum wage Socialist Ocasio wants to increase is killing jobs in her community yet she still supports raising it
All men are created equal. All cultures are not created equal		America is the greatest country ever to exist		We are not equal or even close to the culture of Saudi Arabia or Iran		We are exceptional https://t.co/bIjWzxKL9E
Now is the time to accomplish a 30+ year objective on prison reform		Our prisons are a total mess		If Republicans stick together and support this common sense bill we will have a massive legislative victory		Why is ⁦@SenTomCotton⁩ resisting?		🤔 https://t.co/mdMzQTvYxk
Facts:		Black poverty has fallen 21.2% since the election of @realDonaldTrump		Lowest EVER black unemployment		1.2 MILLION Black Americans have found work since election		Lowest EVER food stamp enrollment		Black people are doing much better under Trump than they were under Obama
So you are saying you deserve the presumption of innocence but didn't dare to give it to Justice Kavanaugh?		Why did you believe Dr. Ford but now you say we shouldn't believe the woman accusing you?		🤔 https://t.co/RDtbiJCVQc
One of the most profitable and lucrative industries in America is keeping poor people poor		If our inner cities got better and our communities improved con artists like Al Sharpton would be out of work		The left is terrified @realDonaldTrump is making people’s lives better https://t.co/GL24rTIgFi
Only US citizens should vote in US elections 	Only US citizens should be able to receive government benefits 	Only US citizens should be counted officially in the US census
Let’s start with why did you illegally leak classified info to the New York Times and then lie about it under oath committing perjury?		Did you speak to Loretta Lynch after her tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton days before you decided not to pursue charges against Hillary? https://t.co/8oQivf9KO7
Did you know:		San Francisco spent $385,000 to register 61 non-citizens to vote in their elections		California doesn’t even try and hide their lawlessness anymore		Voter fraud is now being state sponsored by YOUR tax dollars
A Mexican cannot vote in Mexico without showing their ID, they have to come to America to do that
California:		Spends the most on government welfare but has highest income inequality		Toughest gun laws but still has horrible mass shootings		Highest income tax rate AND the highest poverty rates and homelessness rate		California is a model of the failures of Democrat policies
We do NOT live in a patriarchy		Men are more likely to:		Go to war		Commit suicide		File for bankruptcy		Earn LESS than women in their 20's		In fact, women are doing MUCH better than men in America today. Watch this radical feminist argue this without ANY supporting evidence		RT https://t.co/Z0KrEsDqT1
Maxine Waters hates the idea of voter ID, yet you need to show a photo ID to attend one of her town-hall forums
Hilarious promo video featuring @realannapaulina for our massive student action summit coming in a few weeks!		Spots filling up super quickly, not too late to apply! —&gt; 		https://t.co/BUkiNac9lI		#BuildTheWall https://t.co/q2xQkA5c40
So far in the Florida recount Rick Scott has increased his lead by 1,000 votes despite fake ballots, non citizens voting, and every unethical attempt by the left to thwart it		Senator Rick Scott!
Voter fraud is real:		9 people were just arrested in Texas for being part of a voter fraud ring falsely claiming to live in addresses so they could sway local elections		They were being paid by Democrat party leaders		This is the second major voter fraud bust in Texas in 2 weeks
Young Kim - first Korean-American elected to Congress		Marsha Blackburn - First female Senator from Tennessee		Kristi Noem - First female Governor of South Dakota		The reason you haven't heard of these HISTORIC milestones for women: because they're all Republicans
Wait, Avenatti is asking for due process?		I thought we were supposed to “believe all women” , but now he says he is falsely accused of domestic abuse?		Now he knows the horror he did to an honorable man, JUSTICE Kavanaugh
Democrats think that Russian hackers with fake Facebook accounts is a credible threat to our Democracy		Why are they okay with illegal alien votes being counted in our election?		🤔
#Basta  https://t.co/hG0apqaisM
A Yale study finds there are more than DOUBLE the amount of illegal aliens in our country than we previously thought		Up to 29 MILLION!		That means up to 18 million have been living in the shadows and HIDING from the US government &amp; draining our economy 		Build. The. Wall
The caravan is here, illegally entering America		This is a national disgrace		Arrest and deport them all back to their home country		 https://t.co/zmAvbC13eL
Socialism has been tried over 100 times, resulting in over 150 MILLION deaths, all over the world.		It’s not that Socialism has never been implemented, it’s that it has been implemented repeatedly resulting in the destruction of entire civilizations, cultures, and countries! https://t.co/fdiorLx94G
Planned Parenthood spent $30 million to help the Democrats win back the house		Yet we still give them $500 million in taxpayer funding each year		If they have that kind of cash and engage in that blatant partisan activity, why am I forced to fund them with my money?		🤔
Democrats are not afraid Trump will fail, they are terrified he will succeed		His success means the end of the Democrat party forever changing the landscape of American politics
Looks like there is an opening on the national security council		@realDonaldTrump should appoint Kiron Skinner!		She is amazingly qualified and a dear friend. A Trump loyalist, was there during campaign, and very smart!		Big win all around, another patriot in the White House!		RT https://t.co/1GOMo2Ebd4
The most intolerant people in the world are liberals who pretend to preach tolerance
We conservatives believe five very simple things about voting:		You must be a citizen	You must show ID	You must vote by Election Day	You can’t vote more than once	You must be alive		Why is the left against voter integrity measures?		🤔
Since Democrats aren’t concerned about actual election fraud happening in front of them in real time, shouldn’t Mueller end his investigation immediately		🤔
Facts:		Asylum laws are so weak that if an immigrant claims a “credible fear” of returning to their country, with zero proof, they can be admitted into the U.S.		1/10 border crossers take advantage of this today, compared to 1/100 before 2013		America is being used		#BuildTheWall
Did you know: 		An illegal alien brutally murdered a 20-year-old college student in San Antonio, TX by setting him on fire in June. This story was largely unreported by the media, I wonder why		🤔
Economists predict 1.3 million Americans will leave Blue states like California for Red states like Texas in the next 3 years because of high taxes		Over the past decade, 3.5 million have relocated from high-tax to low-tax states		The left destroys everything it touches
Democrats:		A bunch of rich people convincing poor people to vote for rich people by telling poor people that other rich people are the reason they are poor
You thought it would stop just because the Democrats won the house?		The left is just beginning their gang tactics - first they assaulted congressmen, then they demanded boycotts of fox hosts, now they are stealing votes in Florida while harassing @TuckerCarlson		This is evil
Voter fraud is real:		Nearly 250 counties across the United States have more registered voters on the voting rolls than the number of eligible
According to a data specialist who independently audits voter rolls: 		Current Florida voter file received as of election day: 		7,001 people born between 1900 to 1916		516 born 1900 to 1908		80 born 1900-1903 		Plus 16 from 1886 to 1899		Voter fraud is real.
This is the mayor of Philadelphia dancing after making his city a sanctuary city		Because of his policies murderers and rapists have been released without deportation in defiance of federal law		The left is doing everything they can to protect criminals		 https://t.co/dooKGuD17j
Heartbreaking:		Luis Rodrigo Perez, an illegal immigrant killed 3 people in Missouri after a 'sanctuary city” release from custody		He was jailed for domestic violence in New Jersey and then released defying a ICE order for deportation due to Democrat sanctuary city policy rules
Did you know:		Veteran homelessness dropped from over 74,000 in 2010 under President Obama to 37,848 in 2018 under President Trump with it continuing to rapidly decline
According to Judicial Watch:		Of the 143,542 new voter registrations in Maricopa County, AZ 1,470 registrants provided Alien Registration numbers, they are illegal foreign citizens not allowed to vote or register		Illegals are voting our elections. This is Foreign interference!
If there really is no voter fraud, why are Democrats doing everything they possibly can to prevent investigations into it? 		🤔
Voter Fraud is a national emergency that both parties routinely ignore:		A Gov Watchdog group found that OH-12 has 170 voters who are OLDER than 116 years old. 		124 of them were born in 1800, according to public records 72 of them VOTED in the 2016 Election
Foreign citizens and illegal aliens should be arrested and deported if they try and vote		Today your party objected to their votes not being counted https://t.co/tHhDCvKgZ4
This is blatantly false and you know it is untrue.	He met with Parkland leaders, survivor families, and leaders such as @KyleKashuv 		If you cared so much about the people and safety of Broward students, why don't you join us and demand the termination of Sheriff Israel? https://t.co/BkyL8NHqEr
The same reporters who have been trying to convince us that Russia influenced the 2016 election by buying Facebook ads are refusing to investigate or cover the boxes of ballots illegally transported at night, foreign citizens voting, and all the questions around these ballots
Brenda Snipes has meddled more in US elections than the Russians
Election fraud is real:		Justice Alito cited statistics that 24 million voter registrations—about one in eight—are ‘either invalid or significantly inaccurate,’ and that about 2.75 million people ‘are said to be registered to vote on more than one state
Where is the coverage on the 414 pg. report released by the Senate Judiciary Committee which found NO evidence against JUSTICE Kavanaugh?		The Left doesn't care about women, they only care about political power
This is how the media covers rampant illegal election fraud		Our republic is at stake - the left is trying to steal two elections won by republicans		These people need to be in prison and the media ashamed for covering this up https://t.co/BgFWHioc7e
Gillum, Nelson Lawyers Fight To Include Non-Citizens Votes in Florida		Foreigners are voting in US elections, and Democrats are fighting to keep their votes valid		RT https://t.co/SB5rSlxIY0
Here you have Democrat lawyers for @AndrewGillum &amp; Senator Nelson OBJECTING to the fact illegal voters are being removed from the vote count		Where is the media covering this?		You have two major Democrats fighting to keep foreigners votes to count for their pursuit of power https://t.co/ZugXEEQqNr
I am beyond livid watching Democrat operatives illegally attempt to steal elections where Republicans won		Is anyone else as angry and upset as I am?		Our country is under assault by the sinister left. We can’t allow this to continue - we must fight, sue, arrest, prosecute - now!
Broward County is a disgrace to our country		Brenda Snipes is allowing ballots to be filled out illegally &amp; the Sherrif overseeing the criminal enforcement is the coward and feckless piece of garbage Scott Israel who is largely responsible for errors that caused Parkland shooting
Eye witness sworn affidavit shows us that ballots were ILLEGALLY being filled out by election workers		Yes, ELECTON FRAUD IS REAL		Yes, the media will not cover this		Yes, our republic is under attack		Yes, the left will do ANYTHING		Yes, people need to go to prison		RT THIS! https://t.co/2AywCdsjix
Did you know:		Zero Republican Senators opposed the Civil Rights Act of 1960 which outlawed attempts to stop African-Americans from voting		18 Democrats filibustered the bill for 125 hours before voting against it
If politicians wanted to keep black people poor, they should send them to Baltimore public schools 		A report released in 2017 found that 13 high schools in Baltimore had ZERO students proficient in Math		90% of Black boys in Baltimore schools cannot read at grade level
Brenda Snipes should be removed from office and arrested for election fraud
The left is perfectly fine with putting someone in prison if you use the wrong gender pronoun, but they don’t want illegal aliens to be deported or criminal aliens to be held accountable for their actions		Watch this horrifying video and RT		...also there are only two genders! https://t.co/FL7Vpc6p55
Hey Minnesota:		You just elected someone as Attorney General with credible domestic abuse allegations against him with 911 records to back up the claims		Notice how liberals say “believe women” until of course powerful Democrats are accused with evidence of actual abuse?		🤔
It is an absolute miracle @realDonaldTrump won the Presidency with all the election and voter fraud that occurs in the key battleground states
Our new attorney general should open a criminal investigation immediately into the recounts		Ballots being illegally transported at night, finding new ballots in closets, all of this needs to be criminally investigated.		Start arresting the election fraud criminals quickly
This anti-Semite is an incoming member of Congress		Democrats endorse and embrace Israel hatred and the continuous assault on the Jewish people		This hateful mob has now taken back the House.		Media stays silent on Omar’s hatred of the Jewish state. Sick. https://t.co/sw7wvWCUHq
Right now the left is hastily doing everything they can to win back races they lost in Arizona, Georgia, and Florida		Election fraud is real!		Challenge, sue, oversee, monitor - do not let them steal your voice for power		The left will do anything to steal these races
Another razor thin ballot counting initiative happening in Arizona - Senate seat at risk!		We must stay vigilant! The left is going to try and steal two Senate seats using Chicago-style voter fraud measures		Voter fraud is real - the left is desperate. Don’t let them win
Intolerant leftist mob targets the great Tucker Carlson: 		- Attempted to bust down Tucker's door	- Vandalized his house	- Vandalized his driveway	- Vandalized his car	- Political messages left on cars &amp; door		And now this mob controls the House of Representatives
Breaking: 		Broward county elections supervisor who illegally destroyed ballots in Wasserman Schultz race Brenda Snipes is overseeing the extremely consequential recount in Broward County		Don't let the left steal this major win in Florida.
Voter fraud is real:		Over 60% of Michigan counties had more registered voters than citizens		This same irregularity occurred in 76% of states and 15% of U.S. counties		Over 3.5 million reported suspicious or fraudulent registered voters reported in 2016 election
Florida! Stay vigilant, the left has stolen races before with voter fraud and finding ballots after the election is over		If you live in Florida volunteer for the recounts, don't let the left steal the governor mansion or a Senate seat		Voter fraud is real
RICH AGAIN:		In the past year, total cash earnings for workers are up 5.5% NOT including the bonuses that millions of Americans received after @RealDonaldTrump’s tax cuts!		This is the fastest growth in cash earnings ever recorded!
Facts:		97.8% of public mass shootings since 1950 have occurred in gun-free zones		Less than 20% of gun crimes are committed by law-abiding gun owners		From '07-'15 overall murder rates fell by 18% while the percentage of concealed carry permits increased by 190%
This radical mob just took back the house. 		It’s ok. The American people will correct this misstep in 2020 with a roaring landslide victory for @realDonaldTrump as we take back the house and re-elect the most successful President in modern history 		 https://t.co/9VzzShQjl6
Facts:		According to Senior Border Patrol officials, 70-75% of the illegal aliens in the migrant caravan are single adult men		Only 20-30% are women or children		As they get closer to our border, the media will only focus on that 20% and the rest will be ignored		BUILD THE WALL
The most accessible transparent President in history:		During today’s press conference,  President Trump took 68 questions from 35 reporters	 	By contrast, Obama took 22 questions from 10 reporters during his press conference held in the aftermath of the 2010 midterm elections.
Think about it:		99% of all the media coverage is negative, the Democrats outspent Republicans almost 2 to 1 nationally, the GOP establishment abandoned several key Trump allies, and despite ALL OF THAT @realDonaldTrump’s movement won 4 key senate ups and critical governor races
Hey liberals, do you notice that when conservatives lose races we don’t riot, scream, smash windows, burn cars, assault people, or need days off of work?		It’s amazing how mature and civil conservatives are		Please remember this and take notes when we get Trump re-elected in 2020
Everyone says GOP is anti-woman party, yet: 		1st woman elected IA Gov.	1st woman elected SD Gov.	1st Korean-American woman elected to Congress.	1st female TN Senator.	1st female AZ Senator	1st Latina Lt. Gov of FL.	1st elected female MS Senator (favored in runoff)		@guypbenson
I've been called every name in the book by liberal activists all over the country but they NEVER have any sort of proof to back up their claims!		Every time the Left calls someone a racist just because they disagree with them, it cheapens REAL racism!		RT https://t.co/a5Zy6mdchd
With Sessions gone now can we: 		Investigate the Clintons for their crimes 	Investigate the tarmac meeting between Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch 	Investigate spying on @realDonaldTrump after 2016 election	Investigate Democrat donors funding ANTIFA 		Rule of law matters!
While the Republicans still have the house they should declassify every single FISA document regarding the illegal spying on @realDonaldTrump after the 2016 election		The American people deserve to know the deep state collusion that tried to destroy our great President
While losing the house is a setback, the average President loses 37 seats in his first midterm		Obama lost 63, Clinton lost 53, Trump lost 26		Advancing in the Senate by 5 seats is historic, and shows the movement is stronger than ever!
There’s only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent President has won seats in the Senate in the off year election		@realDonaldTrump pulls of historic success, again
Democrats winning the house ensures @realDonaldTrump reelection		Keep the faith
Florida was a national race of Marxism vs Conservative values		@realDonaldTrump endorsed the winner and brought both Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis across the finish line -  BIG WIN!		#MAGA
ROBERT FRANCIS O’ROURKE WILL NOT BE A US SENATOR
There is no blue wave - don’t believe the nonsense!		GOP on track for pick up of 4-5 senate seats - HISTORIC!
Never trust the polls
Every poll was wrong in 2016		Tonight I believe will be no different		I have been to all 50 states and everyday I meet former liberals who now love Trump		I don’t see a Democrat wave - I pray our base turns out and holds the line		God bless this beautiful country
Hearing GOP turnout off the charts - VOTE! #MAGA https://t.co/gYYAEEq4xh
Lines out the door, 55 minute wait in conservative county in Indiana @realDonaldTrump won by 22 points		Turnout highest it’s ever been for a midterm election		Red wave?		#MAGA
The media cannot process young leaders coming up and standing for strong borders, low taxes, and @realDonaldTrump 		There is something happening! VOTE! https://t.co/HEKlJi8RCc
When a valid ID is required:		-Boarding an Airplane	-Getting a Prescription 	-Applying for a Job	-Cashing a Check	-Applying for Food Stamps  	-Obtaining Medicare/Medicaid 	-Driving	-Donating Blood  	-Getting Married 	-Adopting a Pet 		When a valid ID is NOT required:		Voting
The incredible patriots @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @kimguilfoyle worked harder than anyone else this midterm election		They did over 100+ events, raised millions of dollars, visited 30+ states, &amp; campaigned for countless candidates		They are the secret weapon of this midterm cycle!		VOTE!
Hearing reports of massive lines and off the charts record early voting 		Is the Trump base showing up to support the greatest President of our lifetime?		Do not allow the left wing mob to take power - VOTE!
Democrats 2018 platform:		Bring back ISIS	Keep North Korea Nuclear	Raise your taxes	War with Russia	Let’s crash the stock market	Get back on welfare	Abolish ICE	Sympathy for MS13	All these new jobs need to go	Illegals over citizens	There are no genders		Vote Republican
If the Democrats win, you will be giving this mob power		Don’t give these radicals power		Watch this and RT!		 https://t.co/9VzzSi7UcE
Never vote for Democrats
Beautiful and incredible. God bless this beautiful country 🇺🇸 https://t.co/r6nc7rA8mJ
Do not forget what they did to this honorable man		Do not forget how they colluded and hid a fake allegation for 6 weeks and lied to his face		Do not forget how they spent millions to destroy his good name		Do not forget the protestors screaming at Senators		Remember Kavanaugh. https://t.co/ZkaeH05jcC
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: To find your polling location simply visit https://t.co/wAKssSrHPT!!! #VoteRed 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Two years ago today god gave us a gift with the surprise election of @realdonaldtrump		The success has been historic and unprecedented		ALL THAT SUCCESS AND WINNING IS IN JEOPARDY TOMORROW! https://t.co/zN98EYlFm1
This economy is so good, Obama  is trying to take credit for it!		3.7% unemployment rate ✅		Lowest ever black unemployment rate ✅		Lowest ever Hispanic unemployment rate ✅		4.2% GDP growth ✅		Finally energy independent ✅		My friends at @JobCreatorsUSA get it! 		Vote RED! https://t.co/oiiRdZzOJM
The only foreign interference I am worried about tomorrow is illegals voting in our elections
Currently traveling and campaigning with @DonaldJTrumpJr and @kimguilfoyle on a six stop, five state tour		Hearing lots of good signs about boosted GOP turnout and enthusiasm - even more so than expected!		Red wave?		🤔
Did you know: 		Mexico offered the illegal migrant caravan asylum and jobs in Mexico and they refused		This caravan isn’t looking for opportunity, they’re looking to border jump into America
If Democrats win the House:		Maxine Waters will be in charge of Financial Services Committee		Jerry Nadler, who has vowed to impeach Trump AND Kavanaugh will be in charge of House Judiciary committee		And the scariest 6 words of the Midterms:		Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi
If Liberals don't believe in biological gender then why do they march for women's rights?		🤔
Our incredible President @realDonaldTrump has sacrificed his business, billionaire lifestyle, his decades of success, all to be attacked by the media daily to try and save our country from leftist open-border elites who wish us all harm		Least we can do is vote tomorrow
Facts:		There were more than 40 acts of or threats of violence against Conservatives in October alone		Add this to the 613 acts of media-approved violence against Trump supporters &amp; Conservatives this year		Don't give the mob power.
Trump supporters denied service!		@CarminesNYC denies business to two Jewish beautiful Trump supporting women patriots because of their “MAGA hats”		People lose their jobs, get denied service, and assaulted for supporting @realDonaldTrump 		FIGHT BACK THIS TUESDAY! 		VOTE!		RT! https://t.co/X96E7KRbcz
Voter fraud is real:		In Texas, four women funded by a Democrat Party leader were arrested last week after they were caught intercepting mail in ballots and forging votes for Democrats		If Democrats can’t win on ideas, they win by cheating
Ahead of the midterms can we take a moment and appreciate this incredible President and his family?		They have worked so hard, sacrificed so much, all to save this country		@realDonaldTrump fights everyday to make this country great again		The least we can do is VOTE RED!		#MAGA https://t.co/t3v9O4jlNe
Did you know:		Last week, thanks to Donald Trump and the U.S., the North &amp; South Korean border was disarmed after defense posts, landmines, and armed soldiers were removed from the Joint Security Zone		Reports are saying a final peace treaty is likely by the end of the year
Remember the country Democrats have been creating:		Maxine Waters said get up in their faces		Eric Holder said kick ‘em while they’re down		Pelosi said violence is just collateral damage		Hillary said civility is impossible		Do not give power to the mob!!
The highest homeless population in the United States 		New York City 76,501	Los Angeles 55,188	Seattle 11,643	Washington D.C. 7,473	San Jose 7,394	San Francisco 6,858	Philadelphia 5,693		What do they all have in common?		All have Democrat mayors 	All voted for Hillary by 80%
Voting for a democrat is like giving matches to an arsonist		Voting for a democrat is like a chicken voting for colonel sanders 		Vote for borders not disorder		Vote for construction not obstruction		Vote for jobs not mobs		Vote and defend @realDonaldTrump - he is on the ballot! https://t.co/hRUpbPRGnX
Bad news for Democrats:		-Ruth Bader Ginsburg, 85	-Stephen Breyer, 79		The two oldest judges on the bench are radical liberals 		With 6 more years of Trump he has a chance to replace more than half the court with strong constitutionalists		Keep the Senate, VOTE, get more justices
Did you know:		Every Senate Democrat has supported a bill that would grant amnesty to ANY illegal within 100 miles of our border as long as they are accompanied by a minor		That means amnesty for:		Sex Traffickers	Human traffickers	Kidnappers		...Just because they're with a child
AL	AR	CA	FL	GA	ID	IA	MN	MS	MO	MT	NV	NH	NY	OH	OR	PA	RI	SC	TX	VA	WI		^All states with record low statewide unemployment or record high job or wage growth under President Trump		We're making America Great Again, one state at a time		#MAGA
Looking at early voting data:		California Republicans are turning out early and big	Michigan data shows Republican areas outpacing 2016 trends 	Arizona has seen surge in Republican turnout	Florida for first time in years GOP outpaced Dems in early voting		Red wave?
Socialism is on the rise in America		Socialism was tried 100 times in the 100 years resulting in 100 million people slaughtered all for the “greater good”		Check out this exchange with a college socialist!		RT!! https://t.co/QFpkqDJEcH
Two years ago today the prediction models said Hillary has a 98.1% chance of winning		Now the pollsters are telling us Democrats have a 86% chance of taking the house		If we show up and vote, we will prevent Pelosi, Waters, and the ANTFIA gang from taking over congress
Did you know:		The U.S. economy hasn’t grown at a 3% yearly rate since 2005		The past 2 quarters under Donald Trump, the economy has grown by 4.2% and 3.5%		2018 is on track to be the most successful economic year in over a decade		...Why would anyone vote for Democrats?		🤔
For weeks the Democrats smeared the great Justice Kavanaugh using fake accusations and accounts to try and prevent his nomination		Today one of the accusers admitted she made it all up for political purposes		Democrats will do anything for power		Reject the mob, vote Republican
Breaking:		Woman who accused the great and honorable Justice Kavanaugh just admitted she made up the entire story. She never met him, and did it for attention		Hey Democrats, what about “believe all women”? Women don’t lie, right? 		You almost wrecked a good man’s life on lies
Planned Parenthood is spending $30 million on the midterm elections		If they have that kind of spare cash, why the hell are we subsidizing them?		🤔
These are REAL quotes from Beto's campaign:		- "Under the table just sort of do it"	- "Well, she doesn't know we used the prepaid card, but she doesn't need to know"	- "we're going to give rides to some of the immigrants too”		When Beto loses, a criminal investigation is needed! https://t.co/5GdVyKf5gw
Facts:		Beto O' Rourke's campaign was just exposed illegally funneling campaign donations to the criminal migrant caravan coming towards the U.S.		If he's already sending other people's money to criminal illegal aliens, why would it be any different once he's elected? 🤔		VOTE!
Obama oversaw creation of ISIS 	Trump destroyed ISIS 		Obama wrecked the economy 	Trump saved the economy 		Obama got us close to war with Korea	Trump ended the Korean War		Obama traded terrorists for hostages	Trump has brought home a record number of hostages		We are great again
Democrats have taken black voters for granted for far too long. There is a major change happening. The exit is occurring.		Every major city with high rates of black poverty are all run by Democrats. 	Democrats ruined the black family, destroyed our cities, wrecked our schools https://t.co/1ZuZqaAhJo
If things are not going well why is Obama trying to take credit for it?		🤔
We were told:		Trump will wreck the stock market (hitting record highs) 	Trump will ruin the economy (never stronger) 	Trump will mishandle ISIS (totally destroyed) 	Trump will start a war in Korea (historic peace deal coming)		And now we are told we will lose the house?		🤔
In 2015, Congress was willing to send $150 billion to Iran, America’s mortal enemy - including $1.8 billion in cash…		Why then are they so unwilling to spend $10 billion on a border wall to keep millions of Americans safe?		🤔
Think about it:		Democrats want more background checks and obstacles on law abiding gun owners than on illegal border jumpers coming on questionable terms from other countries
Democrats are experts at keeping poor people poor
98% of the heroin &amp; fentanyl comes across our southern border		Illegal aliens are twice as likely to commit crimes than native born Americans 		There are 58,760 illegals in our federal prison		Over 10,000 kids are trafficked across the border each year https://t.co/WEB2ycJgve
Mexico’s Ambassador to the U.S. Gerónimo Gutiérrez:		"Some of the people in the caravan have been very violent against authority"		So then why do Democrats want these people to storm into our country?		🤔
If Trump’s America was such a racist, hateful place…		Then why are 10,000 minorities marching here?		🤔
Don’t look now! The incredible John James is CLOSING &amp; within a few points of corrupt swamp monster Debbie Stabenow. He is exactly the type of leader we need in the Senate. Michigan CAN GO RED! @realdonaldtrump won this state at last minute. Lets help John James rally to victory! https://t.co/tn8UX5QVdo
Wow: 		ND Senate race - Cramer R +9	IN Senate race  - Braun R +3	Missouri Senate race - Hawley R +2	AZ Senate race - McSally R +5	TN Senate race - Blackburn R +7	NV Senate race - Heller R +3		Florida, West Virginia, Montana all within margin of error, virtual ties!		Red Wave?
If voter fraud is a big myth, then why is the left so scared to have us investigate it?		🤔
Red Wave?		Trump’s approval rating just hit 50%, 6 points higher than Obama at exact time during his Presidency		Black voter approval of Donald Trump just hit 40%! All time record high in modern era for a Republican President		Democrats should be terrified. Their rule is ending.
Did you know:		There are nearly 300,000 children of illegals born every year, exceeding the total number of US births in 48 states
Why is immigration from Central American countries increased over the past decade?		Because Socialism in Central America has resulted in:		Gang violence		Political corruption		Abject poverty		Increased sex trafficking		This is what Democrats want America to look like, too
Obama economy:		Average 1.5% annual growth through 8 years		Trump economy:		3% annual growth rate	Unemployment at record low	Minority unemployment lowest EVER	Wages highest since 2009	Median income highest EVER	&amp; According to economists, unemployment is AS LOW as it can go		#MAGA
Candace Owens is a hero and someone I am honored to work with.	I have seen her sacrifice so much for the cause. She cares so deeply about impacting America and advancing freedom of thought. She is a winner and leader.		We have her back and she is just getting started. https://t.co/oTvjK8kHnF
I find the liberals yelling loudest for gun control are usually protected by armed guards
What do Dick Durbin, Dianne Feinstein, and Patrick Leahy all have in common?		They were all Senators who voted NOT to convict Democrat Bill Clinton in his 1998 impeachment trial		Yet they all presided over the failed public lynching of JUSTICE Kavanaugh		🤔
Just weeks after a HUGE fentanyl bust in her own backyard, Elizabeth Warren claims that ICE doesn’t keep America safe &amp; calls for abolishment		On top of drug busts, ICE arrests:		Sex traffickers	Pedophiles	Drug &amp; arms traffickers	Murderers		Why does the left want abolish ICE?		🤔
How can Democrats oppose foreign interference in our elections while supporting illegal aliens voting in them?		🤔
Facts:		President Trump's White House is staffed by 374 employees, 95 fewer than Obama		Trump's payroll budget is $35.2 million vs. Obama's $40.9 million		Trump will save Americans $22 million over four years in staff expenses		Melania's staff is just 10 compared to Michelle's 24
Why did it take us 30 years to figure out that military troops at the southern border can fix this illegal border jumping crisis?		Its almost as if past Presidents didn't want to use the power and tools given to them to stop the influx of illegals into America
Last time a Republican was Mayor in the following cities:		Atlanta 1879	Chicago 1931	Baltimore 1967	Detroit 1962	New Orleans 1872	Pittsburgh 1934	Seattle 1946	Philadelphia 1952	Cincinnati 1971		No wonder they have failing schools, high crime, and poverty
You do not have a right to citizenship just because you were born in the United States		This policy doesn't exist in most of the developed world. @realDonaldTrump is correct to try end this outdated and unfair policy.
If you give Democrats power you are rewarding a mob that interrupts moments of silence, harasses members of Congress, smears innocent people, funds radical groups that attack civilians, and intimidates people who disagree 		Do not give them power.
PREACH @TheOfficerTatum https://t.co/p7MU4qpWv5
WOW - if a conservative said this they would be boycotted and not allowed back in the public arena — Hillary said “all black people look the same” - incredibly racist thing to say Hillary! 		RT! https://t.co/eFWQCx8Wys
Jobs not Mobs:		Job openings top 7 million in September for the first time		Unemployment rate continues to decrease at record levels		More job openings than than Americans seeking work for the first time in 17 years		902,000 more jobs than those looking for work - all-time record
Trump has been the greatest President in American history for the Jewish people
Now we have demonstrated the military can be used and deployed to stop illegal immigration		They should be permanently deployed with non lethal weaponry to prevent ANY AND ALL illegals from entering our country
Perpetual illegal immigration is part of a scheme to create societal &amp; political chaos. When the rule of law is voided for 15 million illegals then what laws actually matter? Does citizenship mean anything?		A nation is defined by its borders, enforce the rule of law
The left hates the idea there are other ideas
For the first time in the history of western civilization people are angry with a politician because he is actually keeping his promises
I rarely do this, but you should check out this hero running for office in Iowa		A marine, patriot reformer, and total stud! 		We need more young people to step up and run for office. It isn't easy, but when the right people do it, I will do everything I can to help! https://t.co/YGFYp1dlyc
The Kavanaugh effect:		From July-September, more than 10,500 voters switched their party from independent or Democrat to Republican		This is proof that voters in this country will not vote for the violent and angry MOB the Democrat party has turned into		#JobsNotMobs
Why is the media still not reporting about the very credible report of AT LEAST 100 ISIS terrorists who were caught in Guatemala as part of the criminal caravan?		🤔
Hey media, report the facts:		President Trump:		Has Jewish grandkids and a Jewish daughter		Moved the embassy to Jerusalem		Deported a nazi when Obama refused to do		Cancelled Iran deal which was a threat against Israel’s security		First sitting President to visit Western Wall
Hey @TheRevAl are these black leaders just “props” - is that all you see?		On TV you accused @realDonaldTrump of using these beautiful people as political tools. They were thrilled to meet the President &amp; come to the White House		Are upset blacks are leaving your party?		#BLEXIT https://t.co/gmjvSm2U8r
Why is it the media focuses on the attempted bomber being a Trump supporter yet ignores the mass murderer was a Trump hater?		🤔
Did you know:		The first seven black Americans elected to Congress were ALL Republicans		Democrats try to erase the truth from our history books		This is why it is time for a #BLEXIT from the Democrat party
Let me see if I got this right:		So if a Trump voter does something bad it is Trump’s fault, and if a leftist does something bad it’s also Trump’s fault?		🤔
The same people who are telling us not to politicize the Pittsburgh shooter because he hated Trump were shamelessly politicizing the mail bomber from Florida because he liked Trump
First black Republican Senator was elected in 1870		First black Democrat Senator was elected in 1993		Republicans have always been the party of freedom and equal rights		Why won’t our schools teach this history?		🤔
Could not be more proud of ⁦@RealCandaceO⁩ - SHE IS CHANGING THE WORLD!		https://t.co/BVk5Bkw0zg		#BLEXIT  https://t.co/uYFjtIxBeL
Black people do not have to be Democrats https://t.co/GnIKdIRQXc
How much more of this movement can the media ignore?		PACKED HOUSE OF BLACK LEADERS WHO LOVE @realDonaldTrump and LOVE AMERICA		The movement is growing everyday		 @RealCandaceO launched BLEXIT today - THE BLACK EXIT FROM THE DEMOCRAT PARTY		https://t.co/BVk5Bkw0zg		#Blexit https://t.co/thd0GIlJY8
RIGHT NOW		@RealCandaceO is delivering the black state of the union address		—&gt; THE BLACK EXIT FROM THE DEMOCRAT PARTY HAS BEGUN		BLEXIT! 		https://t.co/BVk5Bkw0zg		#BLEXIT https://t.co/lity3SNKyc
How dare you?		These 400+ beautiful young black leaders came from all across the country . Some have never been on a plane before		You should be applauding the fact young black leaders met the President		Oh, and the IRS called, you still owe your taxes you con artist. https://t.co/UQBHM0GS8b
You do not want to miss this	Candace is shaping the future https://t.co/fq9Fl5hrPF
Lowest ever black unemployment rate✅		Lowest ever Hispanic unemployment✅		Lowest women unemployment in 60 yrs		The Korean War is over ✅		Economy is best it has ever been✅		Taxes at 60 year low ✅		ISIS obliterated ✅		US energy independent ✅		What is the left resisting?		🤔
Why is it that the states that require an ID to vote tend to never elect Democrats?		🤔
Today was beyond words.		I played a small part in fulfilling the dream of @RealCandaceO in helping bring 400+ black students to the White House to meet the President		Some attendees had never been on a plane before let alone in the White House		So moving and heartwarming https://t.co/6qxxgENr8r
For helping organize the largest ever gathering of young conservative black leaders in history? 🤔 https://t.co/eRmtabZACO
President Clinton - record black imprisonment		President Obama - record black welfare		President Trump - record black employment
Black America is waking up		So inspired to see 400+ black youth take a stand against leftist ideas and policies		Big government has ruined our inner cities		If you show me a ghetto I’ll show you somewhere a Democrat is in control		The exodus is happening https://t.co/O7vDEaRYjD
The greatest President of our lifetime just addressed the LARGEST EVER CONSERVATIVE YOUNG BLACK LEADERSHIP SUMMIT!		@realDonaldTrump was on fire, the audience loved him, energy off the charts!		What a special moment!		The movement is growing! https://t.co/adwxiGCjYi
Can’t wait to see the media ignore the PACKED HOUSE of young black conservative leaders at the White House!		They love @realDonaldTrump and love America! https://t.co/RATchPnSDM
Still one of my all time favorite tweets https://t.co/rPopwgRU9n
"Experts" said Trump would lose in historic fashion (Huge win)		'Experts" said Trump will start war with N. Korea (Close to peace)		"Experts" said tax cut will ruin economy (Record growth)		"Experts" said Trump would be horrible for black community (lowest ever unemployment)
JUST THIS YEAR under President Trump, the U.S. has become:		The world’s most competitive economy		Energy independent		The leading exporter of oil to the world		… Why would anybody vote for Democrats who have promised to reverse all of this?		🤔
Black people don’t have to be Democrats. https://t.co/bTgaGgga46
Boom:		@POTUS approval rating has hit 47% - his highest yet!		AND 47% is 3 points HIGHER than Barack Obama’s approval rating ahead of the 2010 midterms
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Definitely a thread worth reading. https://t.co/AYkNxUWCrP
Today @TPUSA welcomes 400+ young black leaders to DC for the LARGEST EVER CONSERVATIVE BLACK LEADERSHIP SUMMIT!		The vision @RealCandaceO had is coming to life - this is just the beginning of a revolution that will forever change the cultural landscape of America
Did you know:		Since 2011 1,400 non citizens were removed from the voter rolls in Detroit alone		Why were they registered in the first place? How many more are there on the rolls nationally?		🤔
In the last week of September, ICE arrested:		98 illegals in North Texas - including multiple MS-13 members		40 illegals in New England - including gang members, child rapists, wife beaters, &amp; murderers		150 illegals in LA - 90% had previous criminal convictions including rape
Today I was on campus at University of Texas-Austin		A intolerant liberal today was upset to see conservatives on campus and threw water on our team member		This happens far too often, conservatives met with physical violence and recourse on campus		Violence is never the answer https://t.co/NEnlCg6gDy
Violence is never the answer
STAT OF THE DAY: 		140 Democrats refused to vote ‘YES’ on a resolution condemning voting by illegal immigrants in our elections		Democrats want illegals to vote in elections. They need illegals because they have turned their back on the American people
If President Trump is doing so horribly, why is Obama trying to take credit for all his achievements?		🤔
It’s a bad week to be a Democrat. History is about to be made https://t.co/yIXtdyF2YT
Democrats:		Raise taxes	Fund terrorists	Smear judges	Create mobs		GOP:		Cut taxes	Kill terrorists	Confirm judges	Create jobs
Facts: 		In Venezuela 85% of businesses have closed		Inflation is well over 4,000%		Average Venezuelan has lost 17 pounds		-15% GDP growth in 2018		It's not that Socialism wasn't properly implemented, it's that it was PERFECTLY implemented		RT to share the truth about socialism https://t.co/11SyjzXSEb
If the Honduran caravan was full of valuable human capital, why isn’t the Mexican government trying to let them stay in their country?		🤔
Stunning:		Foreign nationals are now allowed to vote in San Francisco elections		I remember exactly one year ago liberals laughed at us when we said soon illegals will be voting		Isn’t this true foreign interference in our elections?		🤔
If you think a caravan of 4,000+ foreigners are able to make it 2,000+ miles in 2 weeks right before the midterm elections you don’t understand how sinister the left is		Who is funding this?		Who is behind this?		These people are being used as props by the Democrats for votes
Breaking:		Last night a group of democrat activists threw a boulder through a window at one of the great Kevin McCarthy’s local congressional offices		If you elect Democrats you are rewarding violence, mobs, destruction, rioting, and unrest		Vote for jobs, not mobs
President @realDonaldTrump will go down as one of the greatest, if not the greatest President in US history https://t.co/4M0QOZ4GRg
Today is your daily reminder ZERO Democrats attended the ceremony to celebrate the US embassy moving to Jerusalem		The Democrats are not pro-Israel. https://t.co/OT25OuP9SO
Only US citizens should be counted in the census		Foreign nationals living in America that came here illegally do not deserve congressional representation		Our congress should only represent citizens
Immigration is NOT illegally and unethically cutting in line and jumping the border		Immigration is abiding by the law, following the rules, waiting your turn, &amp; entering through the proper legal channels into America		Border jumping is NOT immigration!
GOP voters are outpacing Democrat voters in key states such as Arizona, Florida, Indiana, Montana, Tennessee and Texas  		Republicans enjoy a comfortable lead in North Dakota (+10.6) which would be a pickup from an incumbent Democrat 		 Red wave?
If a country cannot prevent thousands of their citizens to illegally come to America, they should not be subsidized by America		Together Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador drew $539,048,899 of US foreign aid, according to USAID		Cut it all! No more aid till they cooperate
In 2017 ICE arrested 127,000 aliens with criminal convictions:		- 76,000 dangerous drug crimes	- 48,000 assaults	- 11,000 weapons offenses	- 5,000 sexual assault offenders	- 2,000 kidnappers	- 2,000 murderers		PLUS rescued over 500 human trafficking &amp; 900 sex trafficking victims!
An honor to be profiled on the front page of the ⁦@chicagotribune⁩ today - our mission is just beginning.  https://t.co/w7Nu3oruqz
Only one party has produced results since 2016		Unemployment is at an all-time low, the economy is booming &amp; America is rich again thanks to Republicans &amp; President @realDonaldTrump		Democrats have done NOTHING except become an angry violent mob		In November vote for #JobsNotMobs https://t.co/ALdD2SWg45
Trump has a higher approval rating than Obama did at this exact time during his Presidency heading into his first midterm election
Did you know:		Hungary built a wall and illegal immigration collapsed by 99%		Illegal immigration went from 391,000 in 2015, to 18,236 in 2016, to just 1,184 in 2017		Build. The. Wall.
We are not a nation of immigrants, we are a nation of citizens
GREAT AGAIN:		Unemployment has NEVER been this low for a non-wartime president		Not only has President Trump achieved peace around the world:		- ISIS destroyed	- Korean Peninsula denuclearizing	- Russians &amp; Chinese weakened		He’s bringing jobs, not mobs like the Democrats https://t.co/ggkxKjlbzr
New study: 		Illegal immigration cost US taxpayers over $135 billion last year Illegal border jumping is not only destabilizing the rule of law, destroying our culture, but also bankrupting America
Hey Beto , I mean Robert Francis O’Rourke:		There are 100,000 RSVP’s for @realDonaldTrump rally in Texas		You better start planning your career post-election, because you certainly won’t be a US Senator
Since Trump took office Democrats have:		Tried to destroy Justice Kavanaugh		Mailed ricin to Sec. Mattis, Ted Cruz, Don Jr., &amp; POTUS		Assault Rand Paul		Harassed MULTIPLE Senators		You don't give a match to an arsonist, you don't give power to a violent mob		VOTE RED https://t.co/ggkxKjlbzr
Democrat hypocrisy:		Despite repeatedly bashing the great Tax Cuts &amp; Jobs act for not making tax cuts permanent for the middle class &amp; small businesses…		181 Democrats voted AGAINST making tax cuts permanent last month		Why do the Democrats oppose helping the middle class?		  🤔
We conservatives believe four very simple things about voting:		You must be a citizen	You must show ID	You can’t vote more than once	You must be alive		Why is the left against voter integrity measures?		🤔
2017 criminal illegal alien I.C.E arrests:		Assaults...48,000	Sexual offenses...12,000	Weapon offenses...11,000	Homicides...1,900		Total...125,000		...and leftists want to abolish the agency that took these criminals off the streets
RICH AGAIN!		Since @POTUS took office:		- Median income hits $61,372 - Highest in a decade		- Wages rising at fastest rate in a decade		- Hispanic median income over $50,000 - HIGHEST EVER		- Paychecks rose by 3.3% last year - Most in a decade		- 3.9 million OFF of food stamps
Facts:		In April, California issued over 1 million drivers licenses to illegal aliens		Last month California DMV reported it “mistakenly” registered 24,500 voters who were not eligible to vote		California has 11 counties with more registered voters than voting age citizens		🤔
If America is such a horrible country why are thousands of Hondurans trekking across the continent to try and get in?		🤔
Biological men who identify as women should not be allowed to compete in women’s athletics against biological women
Did you know:		Barack Obama was the only President in history to never have a year of 3% GDP growth
The new Democrat party:		Terrorists over Israel 	Illegals over Americans 	Socialism over Capitalism	Lobbyisys over Voters	Criminals over Police	Globalists over America 	Wall Street over Main Street 	Voter Fraud over Voter I.D.	DC over America	Politics over the People https://t.co/wiwaemPZty
There are 3.6 million black kids in poverty in America		Why do Democrats choose to put illegals first?		🤔
The bigger the government the smaller the citizen
Breaking:		The Guatemala President announced in the country’s largest newspaper that 100 ISIS terrorists were just caught in his country		This occurs right as the caravan heads north to our border		Our military must be mobilized to prevent this national security threat
What blue wave?		Massive crowd today in Seattle at University of Washington		The movement is growing bigger than the media can ever admit		At least 100 self professed former liberals in the audience!		We will win the future https://t.co/tZsAOYuUDT
This is the border caravan being handed cash to illegally enter the US		Who is funding this?	Who is behind this?		Someone is sponsoring the erosion of our border &amp; laws		Why is it fair they get to cut in line while immigrants across the rest of the world have to follow the law? https://t.co/UWG9bbNjOK
The tolerant left was rather triggered I wore an ICE hat today		God bless our heroes in ICE https://t.co/4ZRfACq2ZC
Facts:		Only .002% of 12.8 million Americans with concealed carry permits have committed a firearm violation		An NRA member has NEVER committed a mass shooting		Criminals love gun control because it means they are the only ones in control of the guns		Blame criminals NOT guns
Check out this exchange where I debated a leftist rabbi about the Torah. 		Never thought I as a Christian would have more reverence for the holy book than a rabbi. 		This is a must watch!		RT https://t.co/1IcgMAKY7H
Stop calling the members of this Honduran caravan “migrants”		They are criminal foreign national border jumpers 		Don’t reward lawlessness. They are illegally crossing into Mexico trying to illegally enter the US 		A nation without borders is not a nation
Send me this professor’s name. Let’s make her famous https://t.co/BgJpyGSE6O
The radical left is trying to remove the great Clarence Thomas name from a university building in the south		According to the left a black person stops being black as soon as they become a conservative		RT this and please sign to support Justice Thomas! https://t.co/JNoJLtb7l7
Voter fraud is real:		LA County Admits Number Of Registered Voters At 144% Of Resident Citizens Of Voting Age
Republicans that stay home elect Democrats
Elizabeth Warren not only lied about being a Native American, she used the lie to unethically &amp; immorally boost her career to get higher pay and a position of privilege at Harvard		Where is the liberal outrage behind Warren hijacking affirmative action programs for her benefit?
Did you know:		In 2013 U.S. Rep. Robert “Beto” O’Rourke was ruled ineligible for membership in the Congressional Hispanic Caucus
Democrats won’t fund a border wall to keep illegals out, yet they want us to fund sanctuary cities to keep illegals in our country against our laws?		🤔
If we can prove a fetus is 1/1024th human will Democrats finally protect the unborn?		🤔
Democrats have given Americans an ultimatum:		Either vote for them to destroy America or else they will destroy America
Any migrant caravan that comes to our borders must be met with arrest, immediate deportation, and a financial penalty to their home country for not preventing the border jumpers as they traveled thousands of miles to try and illegally enter America
Donald Trump is the most pro Israel president in American history https://t.co/3GetKLLAWh
The Democrat party is the party of chaos and destruction		If you give Democrats control of Congress their gang, ANTIFA, will come after every single one of us		The left will stop at nothing to destroy our lives, reputations, &amp; families		Great video @futurefortyfive 		RT! https://t.co/4ffbUSYlOj
If you think your life sucks, just imagine being a Democrat - your spokesperson rotates between a 28 year old socialist, a low IQ con artist, a Marxist who honeymooned in the Soviet Union, a criminal who lost the most winnable election of our lifetime, and a fake Native American
College campuses have become a training ground of radical activists where instead of teaching the next generation, they are being trained by Marxist professors to destroy America from within https://t.co/OnMrHRftfT
Only Donald Trump could get Elizabeth Warren to publish her own ancestry results proving she is less Native American than the average white American while also having her continue to pretend she’s Native American despite tribes denouncing her
Everyone who donated to support Stormy Daniels actually gave money to help pay for Trump’s legal fees
Avenatti should appeal this all the way up to the Supreme Court 😉 https://t.co/18JwpFBTRp
Breaking:		Suspicious package sent to the great Senator Susan Collins house		All this because we courageously stood up to the mob and voted for Justice Kavanaugh		The left will attack, smear, threaten, and assault anyone they disagree with it
College admissions should be based on intellect, merit, work ethic, grades, test scores, leadership, and character - NOT skin color		End affirmative action. It is a racist practice that judges people on the color of their skin not their character or intelligence
At Harvard they gave Elizabeth Warren a professor spot because she is 1/1024th Native American		She is a fraud who used affirmative action to get into a position of influence and power		Harvard should be equally ashamed for rewarding these lies and falsehoods
Ruth Bader Ginsburg is 85 years old		Stephen Breyer is 80 years old		If Republicans VOTE in November, we will see one if not TWO more Supreme Court nominations from President Trump		4 years, 4 Justices. Let’s do this
Liberal logic:		Kanye West, a black man, supporting the GOP because black unemployment is at an all time low is called a mentally unstable racist by the media		But when Taylor Swift supports a old man over a HIGHLY QUALIFIED Republican woman, she’s called a feminist icon		🤔
How do we know Justice Kavanaugh is absolutely innocent of everything he’s been accused of?		If the sealed FBI report contained any incriminating evidence, Dianne Feinstein would have leaked it by now
If the Republican agenda was actually to “enshrine white male power” as the New York Times reported, then why do more:		African-Americans	Hispanics	Asian-Americans	Women	&amp; Teenagers		Have more jobs than EVER before in our country’s history under a Republican government?		🤔
Thank you so much Candace		I can’t wait for the world to see what you have planned coming out next week. It will change the game forever https://t.co/Rn5an9iDht
Obama oversaw creation of ISIS 	Trump destroyed ISIS 		Obama wrecked the economy 	Trump saved the economy 		Obama got us close to war with Korea	Trump ended the Korean War		Obama traded terrorists for hostages	Trump has brought home a record number of hostages		We are great again
China is America’s top enemy		They steal our intellectual property, manipulate their currency, hack our cyber-grid, and constantly lie on the world stage https://t.co/3rnZ5WcahJ
Democrats are not afraid Trump will fail, they are terrified he will succeed		His success means the end of the Democrat party forever changing the landscape of American politics
GREAT AGAIN:		Unemployment has NEVER been this low for a non-wartime president		Not only has President Trump achieved peace around the world:		- ISIS destroyed	- Korean Peninsula denuclearizing	- Russians &amp; Chinese weakened		He’s bringing jobs, not mobs like the Democrats
Did you know:		The Senate has unanimously passed S. Res. 610, calling for the declassification and release of tens of thousands of pages of documents about Saudi Arabia &amp; the terrorist attacks of 9/11		This should be accelerated given recent murder of Washington Post journalist
GREAT AGAIN:		Last month, the U.S. added 230 THOUSAND new jobs! 50,000 more than what was projected for September		Highest growth since February and LOWEST unemployment since 1969!
Obama traded 5 terrorists for a traitor		Obama gave billions in cash to Iran who wants us dead		Trump gives up nothing and brings American prisoners home from North Korea and a pastor home from Turkey		Trump cancelled the Iran deal and moved the embassy		America is back.
President Clinton - record black imprisonment		President Obama - record black welfare		President Trump - record black employment
Seeing how much @realDonaldTrump has accomplished in the last 20 months I am trying to figure out what the previous Presidents were doing the last 20 years?		🤔
This last week in one picture https://t.co/qSQtrgv7Au
There are 3.6 million black kids in poverty, single motherhood rate in black community is 73%, &amp; our cities are suffering under Democrat mob rule		Yet all the Democrats can focus on is bringing in millions of more illegals to America to get them dependent on government for votes
Did you know:		Cory Booker has taken nearly $400,000 from the pharmaceutical lobby while regularly voting against lower drug prices		…And then he campaigns on the platform that drug and healthcare prices are too high		The Left doesn’t care about people they only care about power
Taylor Swift endorses Bredesen in Tennessee Senate race and days later he is down 14 points in the polls		Kanye West praises Trump and black approval now at an all time high, at 38% for a Republican President		Tell me again who is the more powerful cultural icon?		🤔
The left says they want blacks represented everywhere but for some reason are always really bothered by black conservatives
Net worth before running for President:		Trump family: $4.5 billion	Obama - $3 million	Clinton - $480,000		Today:		Trump family: $3 billion ⬇️	Obama - $40 million ⬆️	Clinton - $100 million ⬆️		But Trump is the guy trying to steal your money?		🤔
Don’t ever vote for a Democrat
In two weeks hundreds of young black leaders will be joining our black leadership summit hosted by @TPUSA and @RealCandaceO - can't wait for you and the entire media to try and discredit free thinking black leaders		You are losing. https://t.co/pQNxmTvFxW
This week Democrats saw Brett Kavanugh confirmed to the Supreme Court, Kanye West give Trump a hug, black unemployment hit the lowest level EVER, every Senate race tilt towards Republicans dramatically, and in return Democrats responded by rioting and calling Kanye a "dumb negro"
Mob Tactics of the Left have been defeated: 		They failed with Trump	They failed with Kavanaugh	They failed with Kanye		All they do is scare away moderates and fire up the GOP Base.
#MAGA https://t.co/aKnTufIJOJ
Don’t forget - Kanye West had a year and half of political silence until he tweeted the famous words		“I love the way Candace Owens thinks”		@RealCandaceO is playing a historic role in helping change the conversation and give blacks permission to defect from the Democrat party
We love our President 	We love Kanye West		#MAGA https://t.co/hU1AsvRv2W
The left has said the nastiest things about Kanye West the last few days		Why?		Because he says black people don’t have to be Democrats		He dares challenge the status quo in defiance of the elites		CNN calls him a “token negro”		The true racists are liberals who want control
A Liberal shot Steve Scalise	A liberal mauled Rand Paul	A liberal gang ran @RealCandaceO and I out of a restaurant		Here is former AG Holder saying “When they go low, we kick them”		The left is outwardly calling for political violence daily		This man used to be Attorney General https://t.co/WD4XtcIDZz
The intolerant people in the world are liberals who preach tolerance
Their dark side has been showing for years 		They financed and planned 9/11		Saudi is no friend of the west or America. This case of the missing journalist is despicable and unacceptable		Pure evil.  https://t.co/lLFryyD1X5
The vicious Left attacked our great VP Mike Pence when he said he wouldn’t be in a room alone with any woman but his wife… 		Maybe they’re just upset because now they can never make false accusations of sexual assault against him		🤔
.@DePaulU is suppressing free speech banning @realCandaceO from speaking with me on campus. Never thought I would see the day from what Chicago always saw as a beacon of education is now an indoctrination campus.		Join us a couple of blocks away https://t.co/QxRU52QS8x https://t.co/EwkvM0JOFL
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT! 		Today my NEW BOOK is out!		“Campus Battlefield” is a very personal book detailing the struggle happening on our campuses		Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr for generously writing the foreword		Also a whole chapter on @RealCandaceO		Buy here -&gt; https://t.co/ClEmYnrbk8 https://t.co/ctQMhM2K7i
New study: 		Illegal immigration cost US taxpayers over $135 billion last year 		Illegal immigration is not only destabilizing the rule of law, destroying our culture, but also bankrupting America
The transformation of the Republican Party into the party of @realDonaldTrump is for the better in every regard		We are a party of results. A party that fights. A party that puts America first and a party that WINS		#MAGA
Not all black people have to be Democrats
STAT OF THE DAY: 		140 Democrats refused to vote ‘YES’ on a resolution condemning voting by illegal immigrants in our elections		Democrats want illegals to vote in elections. They need illegals because they have turned their back on the American people https://t.co/sWbgDg00Dr
Hey @DePaulU - why are you so afraid of allowing @RealCandaceO and I to come on campus?		The left hates the idea there are other ideas		They DENIED us because they say we say “potentially violent” things		Hey DePaul, your fascism is showing https://t.co/bn4IBadkbz
Democrats 2018 platform:		Bring back ISIS	Keep North Korea Nuclear	Raise your taxes	War with Russia	Let’s crash the stock market	Get back on welfare	Abolish ICE	Sympathy for MS13	All these new jobs need to go	Illegals over citizens	There are no genders
I don’t think what people say or do in high school or college should be held against them, with a few obvious exceptions		Your tweet demonstrates exactly why the media circus you and your network perpetuated against Justice Kavanaugh was filled with hypocrisy and foolishness. https://t.co/iadEk6TVfW
Voter fraud is real:		An internal audit from the California Department of Motor Vehicles released Monday shows about 1,500 customers may have been improperly registered to vote most of whom are illegals.		Illegals should be deported, not given the opportunity to vote
This moment might have saved Kavanaugh. I love the new Lindsey Graham. Strong and fights! He understands all the left wants is POWER and will do anything to attain it. 		We must stand and FIGHT! https://t.co/Qdwhj0IfS4
Never been more proud of @RealCandaceO		Tonight she took on a all black crowd of 300+ skeptics full of disagreement and energy		She could have easily marginalized her beliefs or moderated her positions		Instead, she stood strong for @realDonaldTrump and won over the room!
Obama donated zero of his salary, is taking a full pension of $400,000 a year, full secret service detail, and Michelle Obama had a staff of 23 people		Trump donates his entire salary, will reject his pension, and Melania has a staff of 4 people
Here it is. A reporter for VICE tells the world that her reporting shows that the protesters were indeed PAID!		This hit job against Kavanaugh was an astroturf campaign designed to smear a good man. 		We won, America won, THEY LOST! 		RT to show the truth https://t.co/tEhsHRWGDY
Annual cost of illegal immigration by state:		CA.. $21.8 Billion 	NY.. $9.5 Billion 	TX.. $8.9 Billion 	FL.. $5.5 Billion	IL.. $4.6 Billion	NJ.. $3.5 Billion 	AZ.. $2.6 Billion 	GA. $2.4 Billion		Annual national cost over $84 billion		Illegals are a financial drain on our country
The Democrats would much rather see Trump fail than America succeed
Imagine you’re a sitting President:		You pick your successor, weaponize the FBI, DOJ, &amp; IRS against the opponent. You control 90% of the media. You have 2X the ad budget. You collude with foreign powers against the challenger, &amp; you lose to a billionaire you claim is beneath you
We do NOT live in a democracy, we live in a constitutional republic with democratically held elections		In a democracy, 51% of the people can take 100% of your rights		In a republic, the rights of all are equally protected		In a democracy, the mob rules
Thanks so much brother. So proud of you and the leader you have become. https://t.co/bnYkCinnb6
If the conservative base was filled with screeching maniacs that storm Senate office buildings, interrupt votes, try to pound down the door of the Supreme Court, harass Senators, dox conservatives, threaten families, burn the flag, &amp; attack activists, I would reconsider my views.
BREAKING: 		Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh just hired the Supreme Court's first all-women law clerk team
Hey Ms Marxist from Brooklyn, you are confusing the electoral college with the 3/5th clause		Again you have to clue what you are talking about, which is why you are a socialist		Since you are the new face of the Democrat party please continue spreading nonsense. It helps us! https://t.co/ebXKbacCZU
Are these the people you want to give back control of Congress?		Dozens of leftist radicals attempt to bang down the door of the Supreme Court after Kavanaugh is sworn in		I knew the left was losing their mind but I am actually fearful what they might try and do next		RT! https://t.co/KzOLs7O0Qp
Do not give Democrats the benefit of good intentions		Their party leadership no longer wants what is best for America. 		They applaud kneeling during the national anthem		They stay silent when record low black unemployment is announced. 		They say “America was never great”		Sick
BREAKING:		In one day on the bench, Justice Kavanaugh has now hired as many African-American Supreme Court clerks as Justice Ginsburg has in her entire SCOTUS tenure (and her 13-years on the DC Circuit, too). (One)
Hey ⁦@taylorswift13⁩ before you endorse a candidate maybe you should learn something about the candidates		You have no idea what you are talking about		Marsha is a strong woman who will be the next US Senator from Tennessee.  https://t.co/J27pRRJvJa
Hey @taylorswift13 -		You just endorsed a Democrat in the Tennessee senate race with a ridiculous statement saying Marsha Blackburn, a woman, is against women		You have absolutely no idea what you are talking about		Your career has never recovered since Kanye ended it
If the Republican Party continues to fight as hard and as smart as Lindsey Graham has the last two weeks, we will grow our majority in the house and attain 60 seats in the Senate
There are only two genders
Horrifying. The country that funded and planned 9/11 secretly kills a top critic of their empire		I am so sick of hearing Saudi is “moderating” its positions and normalizing		They are a evil medieval empire that hates America and the west	  https://t.co/SljozTt9wT
After watching this Kavanaugh circus for the last 6 weeks I do not understand how any rational voter could support a Democrat at any level for any office		They will do anything to get back into power, and use the demagogue, lying, smear tactics to stir up their mob
The left is obsessed with race	The @nytimes should be embarrassed to run a piece that uses the term “whiteness”		This is highly racist rhetoric. Switch “white” with “black” and it would be rightfully considered fringe racist ideology https://t.co/HVsYKiXflR
Gorsuch	Kavanaugh	26 circuit court judges	Thank you, Harry Reid https://t.co/qwBTd5Fid8
If Dr. Ford didn’t have a political motivation what is preventing her from filing a police report? There is not statute of limitations for her allegation		Because she has no evidence. No police officer or district attorney would ever take her claims seriously		Failed hit job
After this hellish process Brett Kavanaugh deserves a beer, or two		Cheers to you Brett and your family. May you have a wonderful career upholding the greatest political document ever written		God bless you
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: What’s actually rare — or has been for far too long — is a unified Right. Steve’s correct here. No more divisions. We’r…
Let us never forget the lessons that brought us this incredible moment: 		Stand for truth	Do not allow the left to define the terms of engagement	Believe Facts	Punch back twice as hard	The left will do ANYTHING to win	The left doesn't care about decency, just power https://t.co/rgUATsI2jN
Pic of the year		Our incredible Vice President waves at the Democrat mob after he breaks the tie to generationally reshape the court 5-4 back in the direction of sanity and constitutional law		Today is a great day to be alive. https://t.co/CuKnVodzJ9
The only thing @realDonaldTrump lied about was that we would get sick of winning		I’m not sick of winning or seeing Democrats lose		Tax cuts	Gorsuch	Kavanaugh	26 circuit court judges	Korean War over	Massive deregulation	4.2% growth	3.7% unemployment rate		6 more years of this
Today is a wonderful day to be an American and an awful day to be a Democrat
Justice. https://t.co/bl3eb5G2rO
SUPREME COURT JUSTICE BRETT KAVANAUGH!!!!!
The more the angry mob of Democrats interrupt voting for a Supreme Court Justice the more seats we will win in November		They are the party of the mob. Their leaders stay silent as their base attacks decent people		Never. Let. Them. Take. Power.
Do you notice how many wins the Republican Party achieves under President Trump?		🤔
The unrest is only beginning		The left will target all of us. Their mob and gang will only grow more fierce and nasty		They cannot win on ideas. They refuse to have honest debate or deal ethically		Today is a victory against the sinister leftist mob		Many more battles to come
You mad? https://t.co/5u7w4c3PrQ
The irony of this Kavanaugh circus is the Democrats thought by elevating these 35 year allegations they would block a nominee, energize their base, &amp; win back the Senate		Instead they galvanized the GOP base, got Kavanaugh confirmed, and will lose Senate seats because of this
Special shoutout to Mitch McConnell, Lindsay Graham, Chuck Grassley, Susan Collins, &amp; yes even Jeff Flake (if he does what he says he’s going to do)		They held the line, withstood insane harassment, &amp; are going to confirm Kavanaugh		I never thought I would send a tweet like this
The Republican Party is the party of @realDonaldTrump 		We are now a party that fights 	We are now a party that punches back twice as hard	We are now a party that is united against the lies of the left	We are now a party that stands up to the mob	We are now a party that WINS
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Trump supporters - The fight isn’t over. You better believe that Democrats are going to do everything in their power to…
Imagine being a Democrat:		You historically lost the 2016 election		Every prediction about Trump failing has been hilariously wrong		Two strong conservatives are now on the Supreme Court		And your attempt to destroy Kavanaugh ended up uniting and energizing Republicans		Must suck
We did it		Despite millions of dollars hastily spent to destroy a man’s life and reputation the Senate will rightfully confirm the most vetted nominee in history. 		Do not allow Democrats to EVER take power.
THANK YOU SENATOR COLLINS!!!!!
We are one vote away from thwarting Democrat mob rule and stopping the most pernicious, aggressive, and unethical character attack in the history of the US Senate		Senator Collins, please do the right thing and vote for Judge Kavanaugh. This is bigger than just the Supreme Court
Lisa Murkowski, you represent a state that Trump won by 15 points		You campaigned on conservative values &amp; putting strong judges on the court		You have an obligation to confirm Kavanaugh		If not, we the grassroots will launch a primary that will end your career
If Mitch McConnell brings Kavanaugh across the finish line he deserves to be Senate Majority leader heading into 2019		He will have kept a slim majority intact despite the most aggressive offensive against an honorable the left has ever launched		Go Mitch Go.
Meanwhile in real news:		Unemployment hits a 49 year low of 3.7%  as the economy adds 134,000 jobs in September alone		This is the strongest economy in American history
Mitch McConnell rightfully calls for a vote on Kavanaugh Saturday		We stand with Kavanaugh	Trump stands with Kavanaugh 	The base stands with him	His classmates stand with him 	Law clerks stand with him 	Everyone who has worked with him stands by him		Will the Senate GOP?
The Left CANNOT defend their attack on due process and the rule of law		When I visited @CUBoulder recently, I was told "I looked like a rapist" because I said Judge Kavanaugh is innocent until PROVEN guilty		When leftists can’t win, they defame and attack!		RT https://t.co/sx1fGs13cQ
Kavanaugh has now passed 7 FBI background checks with sterling records		Served honorably in the White House &amp; as a circuit court judge		Hundreds of women attest to his conduct and professionalism		Hired more women clerks than men		He is the most vetted Supreme Court nominee ever
Did you know:		According to widely respected academic studies false allegations of rape and sexual assault are five times as common as false accusations of any other type of crime
If you think the left has reached peak insanity, just wait until next week when we have a swearing in ceremony for Supreme Court Justice Kavanaugh with President Trump
Can we take a moment today to say a prayer for this incredible man and his family?		They are true victims of the sinister left. May god bless them as they enter the final chapter of what truly must be hell for them		May god be with them and their family https://t.co/BcNovIsdHK
Not only we will now have a 5-4 majority on the court, a lifetime appointment on the bench with a judge that has an exceptional record, the Democrats also reinvigorated the conservative base in a way that just might allow Republicans to maintain their majorities defying history
Enough of this ridiculous mob circus against Kavanaugh		FBI report came up totally clean		It’s not as if a clean FBI report would convince Democrats to vote for Kavanaugh anyway		Call the vote. Hold the line. 	Confirm Kavanaugh!!
✅Lowest ever black unemployment rate	✅Lowest ever Hispanic unemployment rate	✅Lowest women unemployment rate in 60 yrs	✅The Korean War is over	✅Economy is best it has ever been	✅Taxes at 60 year low	✅ISIS obliterated 	✅US energy independent		What is the left resisting?	🤔 https://t.co/DDP2BXpFyY
Incredible respect for @realDonaldTrump for not backing down from his nomination of Kavanaugh. Despite the relentless attacks from the sinister left he stood by his nominee. Something other DC politicians can take note and learn from. You don't usually see loyalty like that in DC
Believe Facts. https://t.co/LGGpFQ3K9r
BREAKING:		No corroboration of sexual misconduct found in FBI report		Confirm Kavanaugh!!
KavaNOTGuilty 		#ConfirmKavanaughNow https://t.co/hcMoC6der3
The people most upset about the Kavanaugh injustice are women		They see their sons, their fathers, husbands, and uncles in a wrongly accused man that has had his reputation and family destroyed on baseless 35 year old claims that are political driven		Confirm him.
Did you know:		in 1992 Sen. Hirono of Hawaii, who doesn’t believe in presumed innocence and is leading the witch hunt against Kavanaugh because “women need to be believed” refused to believe a woman who accused her mentor, Senator Daniel Inouye (D) of rape		I wonder why?		🤔
Fact:		Dr. Ford said under oath she never coached or aided anyone to take a polygraph		A FBI interview with her ex-boyfriend directly contradicts this. He swears he saw her coach a mutual friend on how to pass a polygraph years ago. 		Perjury?		🤔
Why due process matters:		Dr. Ford’s story it totally falling apart. She can’t remember the time, place, neighborhood, year, month, floor, or any supporting details		The “witnesses” she presented all contradict her narrative &amp; exonerate Kavanaugh		Believe facts. Believe evidence
Under penalty of perjury Dr. Ford’s boyfriend says the following:		-Ford never mentioned sexual assault 	- Ford never mentioned Kavanaugh	- Ford not scared of confined spaces	- Ford not scared of flying	- Ford knew how to beat polygraph	- Ford cheated on him/committed fraud
This should scare EVERY American		@SenBooker is for MOB RULE and says it “doesn’t matter if Kavanaugh is innocent or guilty”		Democrats are abandoning due process &amp; the rule of law to OBSTRUCT the confirmation of a GREAT conservative judge		End the witch hunt #ConfirmKavanaughNOW https://t.co/68TTFWQCKt
Leftist Dictionary:		Illegal immigrants = Dreamers		Trump supporters = Deplorables		MS-13 members = good people		I.C.E = Thugs		Hamas terrorists = peaceful protesters		NRA members = terrorists
Only in America could a President achieve the lowest ever black and Hispanic unemployment, have black business startups skyrocket 400%, see wages go up for black workers, advocate for prison reform, pardon wrongfully convicted people of color, and still be called a racist
Jared Kushner, who I am honored to call a friend, has been notching up major victory after victory		Securing the olympics, World Cup, finalizing the trade deal, pushing prison reform, and urban revitalization just a few accomplishments to name		A total patriot and very smart! https://t.co/UXPKkOxnRK
The forgotten victims of the entire Kavanaugh witch hunt so far:		His daughters - 13 year old Margaret &amp; 10 year old Elizabeth		His Wife of 14 years, Ashley		The American people who are being denied a fair &amp; just confirmation process for an over-qualified Supreme Court justice
Beto O'Rourke has been flagged for Campaign Finance Violations, 'for accepting “excessive” and “impermissible” donations from individuals from outside of the country'		Foreign meddling!
Really incredible to see members of the DC political culture lecture Kavanaugh about excessive drinking given what I have witnessed firsthand over the past 5 years		Those in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones
According to USA Today, of the 5 biggest states:		California ranks #1 for Poverty		Texas ranks #1 for prosperity &amp; growth		One has been run by Democrats for years and the other has elected Republicans since the 90’s - which do you think is a better model for America?		🤔
If the FBI can quickly investigate a supreme court nominee’s life from 35 years ago why can’t they investigate the crimes of Bill and Hillary Clinton?		🤔
Did you know:		Native Americans are the most impoverished group in America, despite receiving the most government benefits		The Bureau of Indian Affairs is the most mismanaged &amp; inefficient government agency		The more government tries to help, the more it harms.
The newest Democrat star - “Beto” O’ Rourke has said:		Illegals immigrants are only needed to work cotton gins		Police are the equivalent of modern day Jim Crow		Nothing is more American than kneeling for &amp; burning the U.S. flag		He must be defeated.
Economists predict 1.3 million Americans will leave Blue states like California for Red states like Texas in the next 3 years because of high taxes		Over the past decade, 3.5 million have relocated from high-tax to low-tax states		The left destroys everything it touches
Liberals have: feelings and emotion 		Conservatives have: logic, history, perspective, science, reason, facts, math, principles, ethics, values, dialogue &amp; common sense
If you want to understand what the Left is doing right now, read Saul Alinsky’s Rules For Radicals.		What we are seeing right now is Rule #13 in action: “Pick the target, freeze it, personalize it, and polarize it.”		The Left doesn't care about women, they care about winning
The left is terrified of other ideas		They quickly cut off Kanye West last night on SNL during his pro-Trump monologue		Kanye alongside the great @RealCandaceO have started a cultural revolution that will break the back of the Democrat party as we know it		Cannot be stopped
Saying someone must think a certain way based solely on skin color is the textbook definition of racism
.@realDonaldTrump please order the FBI to investigate Keith Ellison. Ranking Democrat Congressman and deputy charity of the DNC		We have 911 calls and serious evidence alleging he beat his girlfriend		A FBI investigation is needed into this sitting member of Congress
RT @RealCandaceO: Kanye West is one of the bravest man in Hollywood right now. He was booed off stage last night for openly supporting Trum…
Hey @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins if you don’t vote to confirm Kavanaugh you will legitimize the public character destruction from the sinister left. 		You can’t watch this and believe the left cares about anything except power. Sick. 		Never let Democrats near power. Ever. https://t.co/WBGO8c6czv
I've never seen such ANGRY protesters fighting AGAINST the right to due process!		When the Left can't win on ideas, they resort to DESTROYING good people’s reputations and ATTACKING the character of anyone who dares to stand up for him		End the sham.	Confirm Kavanaugh now!		RT https://t.co/9VzzSi7UcE
Do the Democrats realize the dangerous precedent they have now set?		All high school records and experiences are now open to investigation and examination		We no longer care how far people have grown over the years, instead it’s what they did when they were 15
It is a sad day in America where the FBI is forced to investigate a 35 year old allegation against an honorable man with no evidence or witnesses yet they won’t investigate the Clinton’s for the tarmac meeting, selling out our uranium for cash, or unethical dealings
I have a donor willing to give $50,000 for verifiable information to who leaked Dr. Ford’s info and violated her confidentiality		This could have &amp; should have been done privately protecting her name &amp; Kavanaugh’s reputation		Reputations &amp; victim’s wishes should be protected		RT
This hit job by the Democrats will create a new generation of Andrew Breitbart warriors		Andrew was a Democrat before they tried to smear the great Clarence Thomas.		Countless new voters and activists have risen up to oppose the sinister left this week		Watch and RT! https://t.co/bIyjepiDLb
Breaking:		Blasey Ford's best friend to tell FBI she has no knowledge of Kavanaugh or party		Democrats will ruin a man’s family, destroy his career, and reputation   with zero evidence and witnesses pushing back.
I predicted this earlier. Feinstein and the Democrats had Dr Ford info weeks head of time. Booker, Harris and others were also likely involved. 		Democrats don’t care about truth or victims. They just care about power		Watch and RT! https://t.co/fuFFNao5YQ
Hey Democrats		You really want an FBI investigation into this circus?		How about finding out whose funding this hit job? Dr. Ford’s phone records? Bank accounts? Who she met with during the month of August? What Senators knew about this beforehand?		Be careful what you wish for
This is happening by the millions. Mark my words, the conservative base has awoken https://t.co/E81oHipYAd
The left will do anything to destroy you. 		They will lie, steal, cheat and destroy conservatives		I tried to have a reasonable conversation today		Instead I was verbally assailed by leftists		Don’t let them take power		RT https://t.co/6OsiySRfvD
By smearing and demeaning an innocent man based on a 35 year allegation, the Democrats have awoken the conservative base in a way they could never plan for, anticipate, or imagine.
I hope every Republican takes careful note of what happened yesterday		The only way to thwart the sinister left is to punch back twice as hard. You cannot give them the benefit of the doubt or believe they will be decent		They will destroy families, marriages, and people		Fight.
How can @SenBlumenthal sit here and lecture us on Judge Kavanaugh's credibility? 		Yesterday he said if you lie once, you don't deserve to ever be believed. 		Pretty ironic coming from a man who has lied FOR YEARS about serving in Vietnam 🤔
Liberal tolerance https://t.co/CibbiAYmVk
Corey Booker, who has admitted to sexual assault, is lecturing us on why Kavanaugh shouldn’t be on the Supreme Court because of a 35 year old debunked allegation from high school with zero evidence or witnesses
Democrats massive attack has backfired historically		Not only have they failed to thwart Kavanaugh, they have fired up the conservative base in a way I have never seen before		The righteous indignation to never allow Democrats near power will result in turnout like 2016
Midterms are nearly a month away, never forget it’s Democrats: 		Who are ruining a man's life &amp; threatening his family to retain power 		Who are exploiting fake allegations for political gain		Who promised to do ANYTHING to stop Kavanaugh		It's the only promise they've kept
This a horribly racist statement. If you replaced “white” with “black” you would be banned from Twitter and your career over. https://t.co/V6kh4yLhFO
Brett Kavanaugh did EXACTLY what he needed to do today!		He called out the sinister left on their evil tactics &amp; stood tall in the face of these vicious, calculated attacks by Senator Feinstein &amp; the Democrat Party		The American people see through this sham #ConfirmKavanaughNow https://t.co/bJkvn2jwLN
If you think the left is unhinged, unethical, and out of control, just wait until a week from today where Brett Kavanaugh is officially on the Supreme Court
There is far more evidence that Dianne Feinstein leaked a confidential unsubstantiated allegation, hid it from Kavanaugh, back-channeled with Dr Ford, and unethically sprang it at the last minute than Kavanaugh committing a horrible sexual assault 35 years ago
Every American NEEDS to see this!		@LindseyGrahamSC was a WARRIOR for truth today!		He totally EXPOSED the Democrat’s sinister con job to DESTROY a good man		CONFIRM KAVANAUGH NOW https://t.co/Qdwhj0IfS4
Just a reminder:		Senator Coons said Kavanaugh should have to prove his innocence. Which is one of the most outrageous statements a US senator on the judiciary committee can make		You cannot prove a negative. 		Innocent until proven guilty.
Fact: 		Dianne Feinstein held onto this allegation for 6 weeks while advising Dr. Ford to hire counsel		She had a private meeting August 20th with Kavanaugh and didn’t mention it		In 31 hours of testimony she didn’t mention it once		She should be utterly ashamed
OH MY LINDSEY GRAHAM
Judge Kavanaugh FACTS: 		 -6 cleared FBI background investigations 	 -34+ hours of sworn testimony 	 -1,200+ written questions; more than all other SCOTUS nominees combined 	 -3 interviews with the Committee under penalty of felony categorically denying all accusations 		 CONFIRM
“Someone is not telling the truth”		Brian Williams, on MSNBC		Yes Brian, most likely you. 		Where you there? 		🤔 https://t.co/2rdmlTBopQ
Just when you think the left cannot sink any further - what goes around, comes around. https://t.co/paPCJ4ITbD
I hope everyone is watching this and starting to realize how sinister the left is		They do not care abou families. They do not care about decency. They do not care about truth. 		They care about power		God bless Brett Kavanaugh		Confirm this honorable man.
Kavanaugh exuding rightful indignation		This is exactly what he needed to do. 		He sounds like a man who is being wrongfully accused		CONFIRM KAVANAUGH!
Kavanaugh needs to fight like the great Clarence Thomas did. The left will never stop unless you thwart their attacks. 		Stand your ground, tell the truth, do not back down. https://t.co/m9JwtIbJ5i
I cannot overstate how important this moment is in American history		Either we will abide by the presumption of innocence and honor a man who has an impeccable 35 years of service or capitulate to a inconsistent decade old politically motivated allegation		Do not let the left win
I believe Corey Booker should have due process and is innocent until proven guilty against the groping allegations pressed towards him		Does he afford the same to Kavanaugh?		🤔
What did Sheila Jackson Lee hand to Dr. Ford’s attorney?		Watch this!		There is something else going on here https://t.co/h1a5Au1MB4
Dr Ford doesn’t know who paid for her polygraph		A a likely expensive procedure at an offsite location, near an airport, done secretly, without knowing who paid for it		Who is paying for her lawyers? Who is paying for all of this?		There is something else going on here
He fights. https://t.co/GjPQyZFNB7
Question for Dr Ford:		Why would two men this morning admit to committing this assault and clearing Kavanaugh?		How can you be certain this was Brett Kavanaugh?
The precedent of elevating 30 year old unsubstantiated allegations from high school will set us on a never ending witch hunt attacking good people for things they cannot remember, cannot substantiate, cannot disprove, and forever discredit them despite a life of service
If Democrats really cared about the victims they would believe Keith Ellison’s ex-girlfriend who has 911 calls as evidence		If Democrats really cared about the victims they wouldn’t have smeared Juanita Broderick, Paula Jones, or Jennifer Flowers		It’s about politics, not victims
Hey Dianne Feinstein - quit the sob story		YOU held onto this fake accusation private for 6 weeks because you didn’t think it was relevant		YOU betrayed Dr Ford’s wishes to remain private		YOU  didn’t ask Kavanaugh about this ONCE despite 31 hours of testimony		Con job.
Questions for Dr Ford:		Why didn’t you tell anyone about your accusations for 30 yrs?		Why bring your accusation to politicians not law enforcement?		Why has your story changed multiple times with zero witnesses?		Why try and destroy a career in front of the country 35 yrs later?
We now have two men ADMITTING they were the ones who assaulted Dr. Ford NOT Kavanaugh		Why is the media not covering this wall to wall? Who would admit to something like this unless true with a guilty conscious?		This is a game changer &amp; clears Kavanaugh ahead of hearing
BREAKING:		"Two men have come forward to members of the Senate Judiciary Committee to say that they are the ones who actually assaulted Christine Blasey Ford during a house party in 1982 &amp; NOT Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh"		Kavanaugh’s name being cleared	GOP, DONT CAVE!
Brace yourselves:		Radical leftism is about to reach peak insanity over the next 48 hours		We could end up with a confirmed Supreme Court Justice in defiance of the left’s targeted campaign to destroy this honorable man and his family		Stand for truth. Confirm Kavanaugh
You know your case against Kavanaugh is starting to fall apart when even the New York Times passes on all your fake accusations and stories
Believe women? 	Believe men?		I believe evidence. Facts. Truth. 		The pernicious idea you must automatically believe all women no matter what is so destructive to the rightful tradition of cross examination and presumption of innocence		This is tribal. This is must be stopped.
Brett Kavanaugh went through:		31 hours of public testimony	Dozens of hours of closed-door testimony	1300+ written questions &amp; responses to Senators		NOT ONCE did this allegation come up. What the Left is doing is truly sinister		This is about destroying a good man for politics
This press conference is exactly why we fought so hard to elect @realDonaldTrump 		Strong, decisive, clear, confident, with an American first vision		He should do this many times a week. He is his own best advocate.
"Socialism is not exactly riding high" - @realDonaldTrump 		We do not deserve a President this incredible
It is my opinion that this latest fiction story from the “Creepy Porn Lawyer” actually helps Kavanaugh		The accusation is so outrageous, so improbable, so disgusting with zero evidence, zero witnesses, &amp; no one ever mentioning it despite 6 FBI background checks - fabricated!
Brett Kavanaugh has:		Spent his entire life in public service		Had 6 FBI vets into his background &amp; was confirmed to the 2nd highest court in the US with ZERO accusations		Yet all this comes out days before the Democrats risk losing the court for a generation		🤔
Wait a minute, if the horrendous crime of “gang rape” actually occurred 10 times one summer 35 years ago, why didn’t anyone call the police, tell adults, and why would women keep going back to the parties?		🤔
By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taxpayer dollars to settle sexual harassment complaints
You want her privacy to be respected after you post her picture all over the place? https://t.co/2WWz00Pgne
If the Republicans do not confirm Kavanaugh we do not deserve to be in control of Congress		This is an upstanding honorable man who is being perniciously attacked by the left on fake allegations from HIGH SCHOOL!		If the GOP caves, we will get blown away in the midterms
One of the most disgusting and evil descriptions of our time is when people say “Trump is Hitler” 		This cheapens the evil of Hitler and turns a blind eye to the horrors of the Holocaust 		We must never forget the great evil of the 20th century and never allow it to happen again https://t.co/Vjy64Ctw6Y
If Republicans fail to confirm Kavanaugh they will have given the sinister left a victory that will inspire countless attacks against conservatives nationwide		This is a last ditch effort with no evidence, changing story, zero witnesses, and FROM HIGH SCHOOL		Can’t let them win
Mitch McConnell rightfully calls for a vote on Kavanaugh Friday morning		We stand with Kavanaugh	Trump stands with Kavanaugh 	The base stands with him	His classmates stand with him 	Law clerks stand with him 	Everyone who has worked with him stands by him		Will the Senate GOP?
Planned Parenthood is spending $30 million on the midterm elections		If they have that kind of spare cash, why the hell are we subsidizing them?		🤔
My dear friend ⁦@LisaMarieBoothe⁩ with an extraordinary analysis of what’s happening to the honorable Kavanaugh		Thank you Lisa for these much needed words of clarity.  Everyone needs to read this		Confirm. Kavanaugh.  https://t.co/zlzMMl7Mfa
.@RealDonaldTrump is the most pro-Israel president in history. 		Cut over $500 million in aid for terrorist, Hamas-run Palestine		Closed the PLO office in Washington DC		Moved the US embassy in Israel to Jerusalem 		Israel finally has a friend again in America🇺🇸🇮🇱
President @realDonaldTrump just delivered the greatest speech I have heard a sitting President give in my lifetime. He is making this incredible country, strong, safe, and great again. #MAGA
"We are the most generous country ever to exist, but few give anything to us"		Thank you @realDonaldTrump for finally calling out all these countries that rip us off and then burn our flag.
I love seeing American exceptionalism defended on the world stage. Thank you @realDonaldTrump for bringing this country back to its rightful place as the strongest, greatest country ever to exist.
I love how President Trump tells the truth about Iran, straight to their face on the world stage
✅4.2% growth	✅3.9% unemployment	✅End of the Korean War	✅Lowest ever black unemployment	✅Lowest ever Hispanic unemployment	✅Largest middle class tax cut ever	✅26 judges implemented	✅Neil Gorsuch	✅ISIS obliterated		@realDonaldTrump is the results President https://t.co/xTu2GKKyKF
Imagine the meltdown the left would have if the FBI decided to declare Kavanaugh completely of innocent of all allegations without even talking to him		You know, how they did with Hillary
The tolerant left just drove Ted Cruz out of a restaurant with protestors		The tolerant left also assaulted Rand Paul while he was mowing his lawn, shot and almost killed Steve Scalise, drove @RealCandaceO &amp; I out of a restaurant, sent fake Anthrax to @DonaldJTrumpJr and his kids
You ever hear of Democrat privilege?		It means you can commit crimes without going to jail &amp; do anything without consequences		Like Ted Kennedy killing a girl	Like Keith Ellison beating his girlfriend	Like Hillary selling out America for cash	Like Kerry violating Logan act
The attacks against Kavanaugh WILL NOT STOP until we punch back twice as hard		Flashback to the GREAT Justice Thomas who courageously stood against the mob in the face of baseless slanderous attacks		We stand by you Kavanaugh. Don’t waver. I hope the Senate GOP does too		RT! https://t.co/oXwBy78YAl
The sooner conservatives realize that the left will do absolutely anything to win: lie, cheat, steal, slander, falsify, attack, demagogue, insult, protest, malign, fabricate, and organize - the sooner we will realize they will not give us our country back - we must fight for it.
Can you walk into your best friend’s office Keith Ellison please and say this? https://t.co/3vWhlGZSdR
The Democrats pretend Republicans are the party of the rich, yet Hillary won 70% of the wealthiest counties in America
Mitch McConnell just drew a line in the sand against these baseless character attacks by the sinister left		Love this Mitch! 		Please fight this hard on the wall, repealing Obamacare, cutting spending, slashing regulatory state, deporting illegals, and rooting out corruption!!
If Republicans do not confirm Kavanaugh, they will get blown away in November in a massive landslide for Democrats		Take a stand. Do what we elected you to do. You cannot allow the sinister left and their mob of power hungry slanderous attacks claim victory		Confirm Kavanaugh!
Democrats say every woman has a right to be believed: 		Unless you're raped by Bill Clinton 	Beaten by Keith Ellison 	Groped by Corey Booker 	Or Killed by Ted Kennedy
Judge Kavanaugh: Decades old high school misconduct allegation with zero facts, zero witnesses, and decades of silence 		Democrats demand he resign		Rep Keith Ellison and deputy chair of DNC: 911 calls that prove he beat his girlfriend recently		Democrats completely silent
If Kavanaugh‘s accuser had no political agenda why did she take her complaint to politicians not law enforcement?		🤔
They tried slandering him as a extremist	They tried painting him as a racist	They tried disrupting his hearings	They tried calling for delays	They tried protesting Senate offices		Now they bring up 35 yr old accusations to destroy a sterling man		The left will do anything to win
Dianne Feinstein did not want Bill Clinton impeached over allegations supported by DNA evidence 		However, she does want Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation vote delayed over an unsupported allegation and stays silent on Keith Ellison’s documented abuse		Politically motivated hack
Senate Republicans:		DO NOT CAVE!		If you were up for this nomination I bet many of you would have plenty of these fake accusations come up. Stand by our guy. Do not waver. Do not give the sinister left the victory they so desire		Confirm. Kavanaugh.
A new accusation against Kavanaugh has arisen from Yale, where the accuser says:		“Her memory isnt strong because she was heavily drinking”		The very week Kavanaugh is about to overcome this nonsense		These are POLITICAL HIT JOBS against a sterling person		CONFIRM HIM!
Hey Senate Republicans, if you can hastily pass a $854 billion dollar spending bill, why can't you find a few billion for the wall?		🤔
Did you know: 		Illegals were responsible for 48,000 assault offenses in 2017
Have me on your podcast. I would love to discuss many topics including how wrong you are on basically everything https://t.co/EkoOS2AY85
Breaking: 		Kavanaugh says he has calendars from 1982 that exonerate him and show his accuser's story doesn't match up at all.		I am so impressed he has 35 year old high school calendars		This is definitely the type of guy we need on the Supreme Court
Facts:		Dr. Ford has zero evidence, zero witnesses, zero people she told over 30 years, and the one person she said that was a the party just broke silence saying:		She never once met Kavanaugh 	The party never happened 	Allegations were a shock to her	Offers no support of Ford
"Experts" said Trump would lose in historic fashion (Huge win)		'Experts" said Trump will start war with N. Korea (Close to peace)		"Experts" said tax cut will ruin economy (Record growth)		"Experts" said Trump would be horrible for black community (lowest ever unemployment)
I cannot wait for SUPREME COURT JUSTICE Kavanaugh to rule with courage, clarity, and conviction for the next 40 years		Only thing stopping him is a few Republican Senators putting themselves over the country 		Confirm Kavanaugh to save the rule of law as we know it
Socialism can be summed up in a single sentence:		Hate the man that is better off than you are
The fewer things the politicians in Washington control, the less it matters who controls the politicians in Washington. 		If the Left doesn’t trust the government &amp; thinks it’s corrupt, why do they want to give it more power?		🤔
This is so much bigger than Kavanaugh	This is the most visible &amp; consequential test of how the sinister left will do absolutely anything to maintain power and attack conservatives 	Lie, cheat, delay. Whatever it takes.		We absolutely cannot allow them to win. 		Confirm Kavanaugh
Feminism is much more about hating men than empowering women
The Marxist from the Bronx @Ocasio2018 continues to prove that loving socialism and having a low IQ are directly related https://t.co/j51pYRz3ni
GREAT AGAIN:		Poverty in the United States has dipped below 40 million for the first time since 2008 		Under Barack Obama, poverty levels remained consistent around 46 million for the majority of his presidency
I don’t understand how Professor Ford can claim she is being bullied into testifying when last Sunday she specifically asked for the opportunity to testify		She never thought Senate Republicans would call her bluff. She has no evidence, a changing narrative, &amp; a political agenda
Only in America do people who hate capitalism wait hours to buy a new iphone so they can try and destroy the very country that gives them the luxury to wait in line for a new device not food
A new Yale study finds there are more than DOUBLE the amount of illegal aliens in our country than we previously thought		Up to 29 MILLION!		That means up to 18 million have been living in the shadows and HIDING from the US government &amp; draining our economy 		Build. The. Wall
If Donald Trump isn’t your president, how can you impeach him?		🤔
Facts:		Since the beginning of Venezuela's Socialist Revolution, 85% of businesses have closed		Maduro has increased the minimum wage by 3500% causing 40% of remaining businesses to close		It's not that Socialism wasn't properly implemented, it's that it was PERFECTLY implemented
God Bless Hawaii		#MAGA https://t.co/iM9Ta8jW63
During a congressional hearing on Benghazi, Hillary Clinton said the State department didn’t have enough money, so they had to prioritize other things over the safety of American heroes in Benghazi.		Yet she could afford 53,000 dollar curtains for the UN Ambassador?		🤔
Did you know:		A Harvard College study found that Black Americans are 27.4% LESS likely to be shot at by police than non-Blacks and non-Hispanics. 		What exactly are people protesting then when they kneel for the National Anthem?		🤔
Trump should nominate Hillary to the Supreme Court so we can finally have the FBI investigate her
Of course the Democrats want the FBI to investigate Kavanaugh:		Knowing them they will have a DNC law firm pay for a fake dossier against Kavanaugh, lie to a judge to get a fake warrant all to then have top level agents sabotage the investigation and lie about it under oath
It is rare I go out of my way to compliment Senate Republican Leadership		But if Kavanaugh is indeed confirmed Mitch McConnell and Chuck Grassley deserve endless praise and to be forever in the history books for overcoming this insane hit job by the sinister left
Spectacular - @realDonaldTrump has ended the Korean War		He gave North Korea an option:		Peace, or obliteration		Give Trump the Nobel Peace Prize https://t.co/lgAeAy79rU
Professor Ford is uncertain of the time, place, location, or any details surrounding her alleged incident		Yet she is CERTAIN it was Brett Kavanaugh?		Entirely possibly this horrific thing did happen to her. No chance in my opinion it was Brett Kavanaugh		Dismiss this and move on
Last week, ICE arrested 16 illegal aliens in New York as part of Operation SOAR (Sex Offender Alien Removal)		Among those arrested:		Illegal Aliens accused of having sex with children under the age of 11, 16, and 13		Why do Democrats put Illegal Aliens over American children?		🤔
Voter fraud is real:		Over 60% of Michigan counties had more registered voters than citizens		This same irregularity occurred in 76% of states and 15% of U.S. counties		Over 3.5 million reported suspicious or fraudulent registered voters reported in 2016 election
What does Dr. Ford want a FBI investigation into?		The fact she can’t remember the date or time or place this happened? The fact there were zero witnesses? The fact it’s 35 yrs old? The fact her story keeps changing? The fact she told no one for 30 years?		This is a delay tactic
Hillary said Professor Ford needs the “benefit of the doubt” and her claims must be trusted		Hey Hillary, did Paula Jones and Juanita Broaderick get the benefit of the doubt?		🤔
If a private citizen can call for an FBI investigation, how do I go about calling for one, for Hillary?		🤔
We are witnessing the end of the Korean War thanks to @realDonaldTrump and the media is completely silent on it
How many of these self righteous hypocrite Senators who will be scolding Judge Kavanaugh used tax dollars to settle THEIR OWN sexual misconduct complaints?		Release the record of our dollars that were used to settle their misconduct before another word is spoke against Kavanaugh!
An FBI investigation into a 35 year old allegation from high school?		How about an FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation, Uranium One, voter fraud, Democrats pay to play schemes, Obama’s ring of corruption, Loretta Lynch’s tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton, or Lois Lerner?
Hey Professor Ford, if you really wanted an FBI investigation into this alleged incident why didn’t you mention this ONCE in the last 35 years?		🤔
In the unlikely event Judge Kavanaugh actually sees this tweet, this is what I	want him to hear:		Stay strong. Do not allow the sinister forces of the left to wear you down. Stay focused, calm, fight like hell, &amp; defend the truth. 		We have your back		Don’t. Give. In.
If Democrats truly found these allegations so disturbing why did they wait till the week of the vote to come out with them?		Answer: 		They didn't want Kavanaugh to have the ability to clear this up during his hearings. They wanted a delay, chaos, and to sabotage him.
WOW! ...every American needs to see @JamesOKeefeIII latest video		“Resist everything... Every level. F**k sh*t up.” -@StateDept employee		The deep state undercuts @realDonaldTrump bc they know LESS THAN 1% of gov’t employees ever get FIRED!		Deep state traitors must be FIRED!		RT https://t.co/kVUJMbkfzo
Democrat playbook: 		Pay protestors to try and disrupt hearings 	Attempt parliamentary complaints to prevent hearing from happening 	Complain they don't have enough documents 	Withhold fake accusation to last possible moment to delay confirmation vote and cause chaos
Hey Ms. Marxist from Brooklyn, since you say you care so much about men being riddled with sexual assault claims, why do you remain SILENT as Keith Ellison is accused of BEATING HIS GIRLFRIEND with 911 calls to prove it 		You continue to do events and campaign with him https://t.co/arRAF9wP5H
Annual cost of illegal immigration by state:		CA.. $21.8 Billion 	NY.. $9.5 Billion 	TX.. $8.9 Billion 	FL.. $5.5 Billion	IL.. $4.6 Billion	NJ.. $3.5 Billion 	AZ.. $2.6 Billion 	GA. $2.4 Billion		Annual national cost over $84 billion		Illegals are a financial drain on our country
The constitution was not written for the times it was written to stand the test of time
For 30 years Kavanaugh served  without a single accuser or piece of critical feedback		Now he’s days from getting confirmed and an accuser from HIGH SCHOOL comes out to politically destroy his life		This isn’t about the accusation - it’s about liberals frantic they are losing
Republicans are for:		Free markets, free people, and free speech		Democrats are for:		Free abortions, free entry to the US for illegals, and free money for our enemies like Iran		Which would you rather have?		🤔
RT @Surabees: 1. @TheYoungTurks is a leftwing show named after the regime that massacred 1.5 million Armenians.		2. @cenkuygur has openly d…
The party of Bill Clinton and Keith Ellison are trying to lecture America why a 35 year old politically motivated fake allegation should derail a nominee		If they succeed, this will set a guilty until proven innocent precedent so dangerous it is hard to put into words
They tried to smear the great Clarence Thomas with the same Hail Mary character assassination tactics - it failed because Clarence Thomas fought back, hard		Why didn’t this woman mention this ever before in 35 years? Why the week of the confirmation vote?		Political hit job
Ari was an American hero and staunch defender of Israel - was honored to meet him several times		He was ruthlessly murdered by Palestinian terrorists in Jerusalem. Please send your support and help to his family as they grieve and grapple with this injustice https://t.co/QkVwLouFtS
Did you know:		The price of tuition, college textbooks, and hospital services have risen by over 200% since 1997. All are government subsidized. 		Computer software, TV, cellphone prices have all decreased by at least 40% since 1997. 		Government ruins everything it touches
Fact: 		Democrats supported: 		The Confederacy		Jim Crow Laws		Segregation		The KKK		Japanese internment camps		Yet Republicans are accused of being the party of racism?		🤔
To GOP Senators:		Don’t allow this hit job by desperate Democrats even make you consider backing away from confirming Kavanaugh		Facts: this accusation is 30+ years old, ZERO evidence, never mentioned before, it’s from HIGH SCHOOL, and is a total political hit job		Hold the line
Democrats screaming opposition against Kavanaugh based on a 35 year old accusation with sketchy backstory remain totally silent their deputy DNC chair and high ranking congressman Keith Ellison was accused of domestic assault with 911 calls to validate the story
Congressmen Keith Ellison, Andre Carson and Gregory Meeks met privately with anti-Semite Louis Farrakhan and the Iranian President Rouhani without disclosing it		Meeting with foreign adversaries is now treated as treason		Where’s the investigation?		🤔
I hope Paul Manafort will tell prosecutors everything he knows about the Podesta brothers, Fusion GPS, and the Democrats colluding with foreign governments to try and prevent the election of Donald Trump
If there really was a “Big Switch” as leftists always claim		Then why is it, as the South got more Republican, it got significantly less racist?		🤔
Oh great, you do see my tweets		Speaking of which, why do you refuse the $100K to charity @RealCandaceO and I have offered if you debate? Scared to defend your positions?		Since you pretend to care so much for the poor why not accept the debate &amp; improve other people’s lives?		🤔 https://t.co/DX5dhtdefV
The Left claims to support vigorous background checks on gun purchases for Americans. 		Why don’t they support the same vetting for:		Voting/Voter ID		Illegal Aliens		Refugees		🤔
I love seeing Democrats demand Kavanaugh resign based on a fake decades old allegation from HIGH SCHOOL yet stay silent on Keith Ellison, deputy DNC chair and congressman, who beat his girlfriend with hard evidence of 911 calls to prove it
Fact:		According to Politico, in 2016 top Ukrainian officials were in contact with DNC/Clinton leadership to try and defeat Trump, boosting efforts to undermine his campaign		Why isn’t there an investigation into Democrats using foreign help to aid their campaign?		🤔
Oh my goodness..... just got exclusive preview of @JamesOKeefeIII latest video		This will change the midterms and the entire conversation about the deep state		He has multiple deep state high ranking government officials explaining how they undercut @realDonaldTrump from within https://t.co/n9TZxKq6To
Hey you punk, those curtains were ordered under the Obama admin. many years ago		Nikki Haley is a American icon and hero who selflessly serves with honor and humility		I know thinking and facts aren’t your thing, but your lies have become wildly dangerous		Apologize and delete https://t.co/l0oUPwrPxI
2017 criminal illegal alien I.C.E arrests:		Assaults...48,000	Sexual offenses...12,000	Weapon offenses...11,000	Homicides...1,900		Total...125,000		...and leftists want to abolish the agency that took these criminals off the streets
California has the highest poverty / homeless rate in the country, by far		Every major city in California has a Democrat mayor &amp; democrat city council		Democrats control the state senate/state assembly and also the governor		Show me a ghetto I will show you a Democrat in control
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, who pretends to be a champion of the people &amp; believes the unemployment went down because were taking two jobs, just posed in a photoshoot with a $3,500 outfit, $625 shoes all while saying the rich have too much power and that socialism hasn't been tried
It is miraculous that Trump not only beat the Bush dynasty, 16 Republicans, the FBI, the media, voter fraud cheaters, the political class, Clinton dynasty, the Obamas, the elites in BOTH parties, but he also beat tech companies that used their platforms to try and beat him
Met some anti @realDonaldTrump protestors today		They insisted he was a racist yet couldn’t name ONE RACIST THING HE HAS DONE!		Like robots they try to dismiss the lowest ever black and Hispanic unemployment rate &amp; amazing results		The “resistance” is weak!		RT TO SHOW THE TRUTH! https://t.co/GkwW0tN0EQ
Google meddled in the 2016 election much more than Russia did		How about a special investigation into the political bias and behavioral engineering the tech companies engage in to silence conservative voices?		🤔
Just in:		Twitter is blocking posts that use phrase ‘illegal alien’ as ‘hateful content’		Illegal aliens should be deported	Illegal aliens should be deported 	Illegal aliens should be deported 	Illegal aliens should be deported 	Illegal aliens should be deported
If I had a piece of bread for every gender there is I could make a sandwich
Democrat hurricane playbook under Trump:		Blame Republicans for ignoring climate change and causing storm		Blame Trump for not doing enough for recovery efforts		Withhold federal support to exploit the tragedy		Politicize the cleanup and say Trump doesn’t care		Don’t fall for it
Today was fun. https://t.co/lLkODPZz9M
If Bob Mueller had any evidence of actual collusion or wrongdoings against Donald Trump it would have leaked by now
Did you know:		Nearly 40 million Social Security numbers have been stolen and used by illegal immigrants and others to get work, according to agency records obtained by an immigration reform group
GREAT AGAIN: 		America is now the largest global crude oil producer – surpassing Russia and Saudi Arabia		Thanks to @realDonaldTrump deregulated economy we no longer need fascist dictatorships to fuel our economy		This is massive and the media is silent		#MAGA
Under attack:		GOP Congressional candidate almost stabbed yesterday		Mass shooting threat at Trump DC hotel		Wyoming GOP office set on fire		Carole Cook calls for assassination of Trump		Columnist goes into hiding after death threats		Where is the media covering this?		🤔
Obama doctrine:		Give away everything, concede on every issue, get nothing in return, project weakness, &amp; apologize for America		Trump doctrine:		Don’t give an inch, get prisoners back, broker peace, defend America, restore faith in the West, and clean up the mistakes of the past
Fact:		Of the 19 hijackers who carried out 9/11: 		15 out of 19 were Saudi Arabian		Saudi never paid ANY price for what they did to America. Every victim's family from 9/11 should sue Saudi for billions. Make them pay for what they did to us		We must be harsh
Obama and Clinton have gotten away with: 		Uranium One	Benghazi	Solyndra	Fast &amp; Furious	IRS targeting	Cash to Iran	Rigging a primary against Bernie 	Illegally storing emails	Paying for a fake dossier	Lying under oath	Spying on Trump	 	And Trump is the one under investigation? 🤔
I was in 2nd grade. I was totally confused, unaware, and being rushed out of my classroom		The horror of 9/11, the lives lost was the start of almost two decades of senseless war. We invaded a country that didn't attack us and we lost even more lives because of it		Never forget
May we never forget the horror &amp; suffering of 9/11 &amp; the 3,000 patriots who were killed		May we also never forget it was Saudi Arabia that did this to our country. 15 out of 19 of the hijackers were Saudi. They financed it, planned it, &amp; organized 9/11		Never forget who did this
Fact:		There are zero Democrats on Mount Rushmore
Oh my goodness		@RepMaxineWaters:		“I threaten @realDonaldTrump supporters all the time”		Listen to this! The new leader of the Democrat party continues to call for thuggery against people like me and @RealCandaceO - where is the media on this?		Silent!		RT so they can’t IGNORE https://t.co/7UrypdkAow
America is doing so well the media and Democrats are scrambling to give the credit to Obama and the deep state		Meanwhile @realDonaldTrump keeps succeeding and America is winning		#MAGA
If the 20th century taught us anything it demonstrated the horror and tragedy that ensues when people voluntarily give up their ability to defend themselves 		Over 100 million civilians died under socialism in under 100 years 		But first, they took the guns
Bad news for Democrats: 		-Ruth Bader Ginsburg, 85	-Stephen Breyer, 79		The two oldest judges on the bench are radical liberals 		With 6 more years of Trump he has a chance to replace more than half the court with strong constitutionalists
Sell all your houses. Stop flying private jets. Do movies for free. And give away your cash to the IRS - then we’ll talk https://t.co/FSKVOE5MmD
Atlanta mayor just said she is kicking ICE out of her city - ICE does heroic work going after human traffickers		Atlanta is the #1 city in the US when it comes to child sex trafficking		Why are Democrats refusing to help arrest predator animals?		🤔 https://t.co/qmi6CgFr3d
Democrats:		A bunch of rich people convincing poor people to vote for rich people by telling poor people that other rich people are the reason they are poor
If Trump is doing such a horrible job then why does Obama want to take all the credit?		🤔
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: He obviously misspoke... he clearly meant Benghazi was a Negligent Homicide with gross incompetence so that he &amp; Hillar…
Make no mistake - @realDonaldTrump has successfully pulled off the most incredible economic miracle in history https://t.co/u0663mLhap
Illegals getting counted in the census is giving representation to foreign nationals - it is unconstitutional and disenfranchises American citizens 		Only count US citizens in census!! https://t.co/mldyYOAWhF
In the coming weeks @realcandaceO will be launching something that will shake the political world to its core. I've seen months of her work tirelessly for this moment. I couldn't be more proud to call her a friend and partner in freedom 		Stay tuned , watch out
As long as the @NFL endorses athletes kneeling and disrespecting the greatest country ever to exist I refuse to spend my Sunday watching this sad display of ungratefulness, foolishness, and anti-Americanism		I am done watching the NFL.
Obama blamed Bush for horrible economic results for his entire Presidency and now takes credit for Trump’s economic miracle		🤔
He comforts us in all our troubles so that we can comfort others. When they are troubled, we will be able to give them the same comfort God has given us.		2 Corinthians 1:4
Over 30 days, ICE arrested 364 illegals living in the Midwest including:		187 with prior criminal convictions ranging from murder to child pornography		97 who had been deported at least once		1 animal wanted for raping a child		ICE agents are NOT thugs, they're American heroes
Obama got extremely close to conflict with North Korea		Obama gave billions to Iran and a path to nuclear weapons		Trump has destroyed ISIS		Trump ended the Korean War 		Trump will end the Iran deal 		The world is a safer place thanks to Trump
Celebrities	Politicians	Musicians	The ultra wealthy	Sporting Events	Banks	Museums	National Parks	Businesses	Post offices	Malls	Libraries	The U.S. Capitol	City Halls...		All have armed guards... why don't our schools?
The playbook of the Left:		1. Call your opponent racist, misogynistic, bigoted at the outset of any argument		2. Refuse to debate ideas because they are inherently racist etc. 		3. Claim to be on the side of tolerance, acceptance, and understanding		4. Riot any time you lose
Obama lied to us eloquently 		Trump tells us hard truths directly 		I prefer brutal honesty than carefully crafted lies
For Democrats, hating and fearing Russia is all about politics - just see this tweet from 2012 https://t.co/O91m7LM5lP
There are still bombshell documents regarding the corrupt FISA doc application that led to the illegal wiretapping of Trump &amp; this Mueller witch hunt		We need to see what Ohr was doing and the info behind Carter Page!		@realDonaldTrump needs to release them!		#ReleaseTheFISADOCS
Did you know: 		Today, House Republicans voted on a bill that makes it easier to deport violent criminals back to their home country		It includes sexual assault, domestic violence, murder, human trafficking etc.		Democrats votes against this forcefully		Why?		🤔
They said Trump would crash the economy, now they want to give Obama credit for it booming		Either Trump assumed responsibility for the success/failure of America or he didn’t 		Liberals say everything good happening is thanks to Obama and everything bad is Trump’s fault
If Obama keeps this up there will be a red wave in November the likes of which the country has never seen
Obama, why didn't you deport the last Nazi war criminal living the US during your 8 year presidency? You had multiple chances and you refused.		Nazis are evil, and Trump deported them, quickly, swiftly, and heroically. https://t.co/3m3AHHlZF0
Republican support school choice for black families, Democrats oppose 		Republicans stand and applaud when lowest ever black unemployment is announced, your party sits with contempt		Republicans cut taxes for all Americans, your party opposes		What happened?		We won, you lost https://t.co/LbK0E9RnSg
You called us "clingers"	Hillary called me a "deplorable"	Trump calls me an American https://t.co/IGtPHOEFQo
Obama almost ruined America and took us to a place of nearly unrecoverable ruin		Donald Trump has turned America around and brought us back to prosperity, dominance, and excellence
“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked, and circumventing the line of people who are waiting patiently, diligently, and lawfully to become immigrants in this country.”		Barack Obama - 2005 https://t.co/zlIegB2hM8
When I hear Obama give a speech I am reminded how lucky we are to have @realDonaldTrump as President
Obama just said these are "dangerous times"		He is lying, again		Facts: 		Thanks to @realDonaldTrump world has never been safer		ISIS is defeated	Our allies respect us	North Korea is being denuclearized	NATO is properly funded	Iran deal terminated &amp; sanctioned	Our enemies fear us
74% of Republicans are extremely proud to be American 		32% of Democrats are extremely proud to be American 		Our divide is no longer Republicans VS Democrat		It is whether you love this country or hate it
Facts:		Welfare costs taxpayers over $1 trillion per year		Over 1/3 of the U.S. is enrolled in government welfare		Nearly 50% of those on welfare stay enrolled for at least 3 plus years		We should judge success based on how many get OFF of government benefits, not enrolled
Avi is a friend and total patriot - well deserved promotion - one of the youngest high ranking officials in government - we need more like him!! https://t.co/zSTSpROuFv
Why do Trump supporters get banned for pushing the envelope yet liberals who incite genocide against white people keep their accounts, aren’t suspended, and then get jobs at the New York Times?		🤔
According to two Congressional leaders that I spoke with earlier:		John Brennan, self admitted communist party voter, still has his security clearance notwithstanding the direct order from the President		Who is disobeying the order? Why is this happening?		Deep state?		🤔
Florida Fail: 		Despite pleas from police, Tallahassee murder rate increased 52% Under Gillum leadership
The attacks on the @VP are absolutely disgusting - he is an honorable man who is 100% committed to @realDonaldTrump - his loyalty is incredible and the attacks reprehensible https://t.co/pmxPLdKY3f
I love when leftists get the constitution explained to them - they hate the idea there are other ideas https://t.co/bmPSIsBNu8
Illegal is not a race		All people who break immigration law, whether it be crossing the border illegally, overstaying visas, defying immigration authority, or obstructing our laws need to be held responsible and deported		Vote for Rob today, he is a great guy! https://t.co/pNcgC7I3O6
The unemployment is so low even Colin Kaepernick found a job		Lowest jobless claims in 45 years, 3.9% unemployment rate, and a roaring economy!
Expel Cory Booker from the Senate
Funny how Democrats love violating Senate rules to release documents to try and destroy a Trump nominee but refuse to allow the legal release of FBI and DOJ documents that prove the insider attack against Trump
Definition of treason:		The offense of attempting by overt acts to overthrow state to which the offender owes allegiance to, to harm or injure the sovereign or the sovereign's family. 2 : the betrayal of a trust- treachery		Behavior described in oped is absolutely treason
Could you imagine the media's outrage if conservatives were paying cash to protestors to try &amp; get them to disrupt Liberal confirmations?		Here you see a woman receiving a cash payment who then went on to scream during the hearing		If this is real, the left is paying for chaos https://t.co/WAWqg2x1gq
For decades liberals complained about how our prisons are broken and need reform 		@realDonaldTrump is now making serious commitments and championing a terrific bill to FIX our broken prison system 		This bill is a WIN for conservatives and ALL Americans 		Senate, pass it! https://t.co/u7PRHjjiZV
Just got off the phone with a prominent Republican donor		He is offering $50,000 cash to information that will lead to the identification and termination of the New York Times “anonymous” author 		Time to declare war on the deep state		Anyone have info contact me directly
What happens when you try &amp; have civil discussions with anti-Kavanaugh protestors?		Their organizers immediately try and kick you out and call the police		Thankfully we still live in a country where you cannot arrest someone just because you don’t like their opinion		Watch - RT! https://t.co/Q05xLaCoD0
Since the inauguration of @realDonaldTrump I have been warning about the deep state working against Trump from within		There are countless anti-Trump operatives working in the President’s orbit daily		Fire them all. Punish the leakers. Rebuild the core team with loyal patriots
The left claims that Judge Kavanaugh is “Anti-Woman”		Yet his law clerks are 52% female 		🤔
If Hillary would have won there would be a radical leftist anti-American sitting in that chair 		Instead we have strong constitutionalist Kavanaugh		Thank god for @realDonaldTrump
Facts: 		12: The number of years Kavanaugh has served as a judge on the Court of Appeals		 307: The number of opinions that Kavanaugh authored		480,000+: The number of pages of docs the Judiciary Committee has received		13: times the supreme court adopted his position on issues
Stunning: 		A new investigation reports there have been potentially 39 million cases in the last four years in which Americans have had their identities &amp; Social Security Numbers stolen by illegals		Unfortunately crossing the border is not the only crime illegals commit
Liberal intolerance by the numbers, Kavanaugh hearing day one:		63 disruptions		1 hour and 15 minute delay		70 arrests		They hate the idea there are other ideas
Fun day talking to leftist protestors - despite them trying to get me kicked off of public grounds and calling the police I had a great time 		Video dropping soon - you won’t want to miss this 		#confirmKavanaugh https://t.co/Ru95LcbfMI
The more the left opposes Kavanaugh the more I like him
Day 1 recap of Kavanaugh hearings: 		Democrats say they oppose Kavanaugh yet they are complaining they don't have enough documents to convince them they should oppose Kavanaugh		Pathetic.
Protestors that continually interupt Senate confirmation hearings should be arrested and never be allowed back		#LockThemUp
Do you notice that Diane Feinstein doesn't take any of her time to denounce the protests or screaming happening in the room? Instead she uses her time to praise Al Sharpton (tax fraud) who most likely helped organize the paid chaos happening in the room.
Do you ever notice how conservatives never interrupt confirmation hearings by trying to prevent them from happening?		Democrats are intolerant people who cannot stand the idea other ideas exist.
How can Democrats oppose Kavanaugh with such conviction when they didn’t even take the time or courtesy to meet with him?		🤔
Kavanaugh - 		Marxists hate him 		Atheists hate him		Gun grabbers hate him		Globalists hate him		Anti-Americans hate him		Social Justice Warriors hate him		Bernie Sanders hates him		Democrats hate him		Hillary hates him		Feminists hate him		Lets get him confirmed.
Fact:		A NFL player is much more likely to be arrested for a serious crime than a police officer is likely to wrongly shoot an unarmed black man
Hey @nike instead of paying punks who advance anti-American lies like @Kaepernick7 why don't you pay Pat Tillman's family for the rights to use his image  - A REAL HERO who sacrificed everything!		Why promote someone who blames racism for the fact he can't compete in the NFL?		🤔
You sacrificed nothing. You are a spoiled punk who is a horrible quarterback, destroyed a once great franchise, started a movement disgracing REAL heroes who sacrificed their life to die for America all for you to parade as a fake victim blaming racism while you get paid to do it https://t.co/CTkNffIQpl
Only in America can an athlete get his education paid for (learn nothing) make it to the pros, fail as a qb, destroy a franchise, protest something that doesn’t exist, still get paid by Nike, then play the victim and blame it all on racism
Did you know:		Mueller Russian witch hunt has cost taxpayers at least	$20 million		What has America gotten for it’s 67 week, $20 million investment?		0 indictments for collusion, hacking, meddling, or obstruction		1 indictment in a 20 year old tax fraud case and a divided country
Democrats 2018 platform:		Bring back ISIS	Keep North Korea Nuclear	Raise your taxes	War with Russia	Let’s crash the stock market	Get back on welfare	Abolish ICE	Sympathy for MS13	All these new jobs need to go	Illegals over citizens https://t.co/uVdeboNX1v
When the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad who throws gays off of buildings and stones women, is praising your cause, you might want to rethink your life choices @Kaepernick7 https://t.co/5Cg3YpY9SP
You know you are overwhelming the left with success when the media spends 3 days complaining about Trump not attending a funeral he wasn’t invited to
3.9 MILLION jobs have been created since Election Day		  We have record low:		  Black unemployment	  Asian-American employment	  Hispanic-American unemployment		 American jobs now outnumber the jobless &amp; wages are on the rise		 Thank you @realdonaldTrump , Happy Labor Day!
Guns save lives:		A man was attempting a mass shooting at a racetrack in California, two cops contained the situation by shooting the shooter saving countless lives		I’m sure the media will quickly move past this story		Why don’t we protect our schools with armed guards?		🤔
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways submit to him, and he will make your paths straight.		Proverbs 3: 5-6
Democrats say they care about kids being separated from their parents, yet in Oregon an illegal just killed 2 parents and left their 3 kids without parents		Why isn’t the left outraged about this?		Because Democrats care more about illegals than they care about Americans
If you believe someone should vote for a political party based solely on their skin color you are a racist
Notice how the media described @MeghanMcCain statement of “America was always great” as solely a rebuke of Trump?		More accurately it was a direct denouncement of Cuomo’s “America was never great” stance yet not a single news source mentioned that		I wonder why		🤔
Wendy is another all star woman leader in the Trump admin that received zero positive coverage from the media		She was the driving force behind the strong deal with Mexico and putting trade pressure on the “cheating Chinese”		We need more like her! https://t.co/C5HixrHQ34
Fact:		Statistically, a 10% increase in kids being raised by single parent results in a 17% increase in juvenile crime. 		77% of black children are born out of Wedlock in America. 		Chicago needs more fathers, not more gun control		#BlackFathersMatter
Don was a major difference maker in 2016 - he will move the dial in several key states heading into November 		I’ve seen firsthand how hard he works: 18 hour days, countless radio interviews, raising millions for candidates all to help keep our majorities and advance the movement https://t.co/AZhvtYpYs7
John Kerry should have his passport revoked for trying to undercut the Trump administration's dealings with Iran		He is subverting US officials, the Presidency, and America's best interests
Today I learned two of my high school buddies are addicted to heroin. They had huge potential but got lost on a horrible road of drug and substance abuse. 		90% of all drugs come across the southern border. We must build the wall quickly, stop the flow of these addicting drugs
Another day, another death by an illegal:		Eduardo de la Lima Vargas driving drunk twice the legal limit in Salem OR (sanctuary state) struck a motorcycle being driven by Logan Wilson and his wife Jessi. They died upon impact.		They had three beautiful kids
Did you know: 		An illegal alien brutally murdered a 20-year-old college student in San Antonio, TX by setting him on fire in June. This story was largely unreported by the media, I wonder why		🤔
Considering thousands of your priests are abusing young children, you covered it up, and paid to keep it silent I would reconsider what you call an “emergency” https://t.co/5taxzSrWks
Intolerant left loses again:		IN-N-OUT Burger producing record sales as Democrats are boycotting the business after it donated $25,000 to the Republican Party
If a Republican was accused of the same misconduct and assault claims as Keith Ellison they would be forced to resign and the media would make it daily headline news
There are 3.6 million black kids in poverty, single motherhood rate in black community is 73%, &amp; our cities are suffering under Democrat mob rule		Yet all the Democrats can focus on is bringing in millions of more illegals to America to get them dependent on government for votes
The problem with Venezuela is not that socialism was poorly implemented, the issue is that it was perfectly implemented
Facts:		NASDAQ just passed the 8000 mark for the first time ever		GDP Growth is on track to reach 4.6%		Ratio of unemployed vs jobs available is lowest in 5 decades		U.S. is in longest Bull Market ever		The DOW has broken over 80 records		What exactly are Democrats resisting?		🤔
It is disgrace to the beautiful Aretha Franklin to have the con artists Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton sit front row at her funeral alongside anti-Semite Louis Farrakhan next to impeached President Bill Clinton		Aretha was a wonderful talent and her legacy is better than this
If you hear a politician say “monkey around” and immediately think he was talking about black people, doesn’t that make you the true racist?		🤔
Democrats need people to need them. They are experts at keeping poor people poor		Only a diabolical scheme could make black people more poor after 50 years despite over 22 trillion dollars being spent to "help" them https://t.co/DWKJD8OOPQ
I still don't understand how someone's reproductive system can simultaneously be 0% not my business AND 100% my financial responsibility		🤔
Statistically, a gun is much less likely to be used in a crime than a Senator
Liberals attempt to silence conservatives because they are afraid they might have to defend their horrible ideas		They hate the idea there are other ideas
Did you know: 		There have been over 2,300 suspected child predators arrested through “Operation Broken Heart” and ICE’s “Operation Predator”
Extreme poverty has been cut in half over the last 20 years		When asked if levels of global poverty have gone up, gone down, or stayed the same, 95% of Americans get it wrong		We have a anti-capitalist media refusing to tell the truth of how free trade has lowered global poverty
According to the Pew Research Center, by July 12 of his second year, the Senate confirmed more appeals court judges nominated by Trump than the previous six presidents:		@realDonaldTrump : 22		Obama: 9		W. Bush: 9		Clinton: 11		George H.W. Bush: 15		Reagan: 14		Jimmy Carter: 10
DOJ announced that Asian Americans applying to Harvard were met with a “rating system” &amp; experienced institutional discrimination		Imagine if black kids were being rated. The left would be livid		The left believes there are forms of acceptable racism against white &amp; Asian people
How are we supposed to take school shootings seriously when those that train kids to commit them aren’t even charged with crimes?		Why is the fraud @davidhogg111 &amp; his group of gun grabbers so quiet on this issue?		The terrorists now walk free despite wanting to shoot up schools
Today a judge dismissed all of the charges against the Muslim terrorists who were training kids to shoot up schools despite a dead kid being found on the property and plans to attack a hospital		Meanwhile Paul Manafort faces 80 years in prison for tax fraud		What a sick disgrace
Trump just cut $200 million in aid to the Palestinians		This is absolutely wonderful. They are a terror proxy determined to destroy Israel and America		The Palestinian Authority gives cash to killers by sending the families of terrorists monthly checks when they kill Jews - sick!
If a Republican DOJ and FBI leaked info to the press and used those same press stories to justify getting FISA warrants to spy on Obama or Hillary campaign, people would be in prison by now and the media would be declaring it worse than Watergate
Liberals hate walls yet live in gated communities 		Liberals hate guns yet walk around with armed guards 		Liberals hate school choice yet they send their kids to private schools 		Leftists want to tell YOU how to live and do something different entirely themselves 		RT! https://t.co/FlAtkkXO9D
Socialist Hypocrisy:		Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez's campaign spends at least $4,000 on Uber rides after she announced solidarity with taxis over the ride-sharing service		The left wants to tell us how to live one way while abiding by a separate set of rules for themselves
Conservatives are thankful to live in America		Liberals are angry they live America https://t.co/QtRC7x0HmE
Facts:		President Trump’s approval rating with Black Americans increased a staggering 7% between June and August to 36%		Black small business ownership is up 400% since @realDonaldTrump took office		Black unemployment rate is lowest EVER		Democrats should be very worried
The left destroys everything it touches
.@Google is absolutely silencing conservative voices		My @YouTube video with @prageru has been delisted and censored on their platform despite 3 million plus views		@realDonaldTrump is correct in calling out Google, their action against American patriots cannot continue!
Funny to see the media all of a sudden care about the flag after encouraging NFL players to protest it for the last two years
Fact:		The KKK was founded by a Democrat, had only Democrat followers, was endorsed by Democrats, and sent their members to congress as Democrats
Facts: 		UK: 933 violent crimes per 100,000 people 		US: 399 violent crimes per 100,000 people 		Gun confiscation doesn't work
Did you know:		The coffee shop where @Ocasio2018 “got her start” had to close down because minimum wage hikes have put them out of business. 		The same minimum wage Socialist Ocasio wants to increase is killing jobs in her community yet she still supports raising it
I think @KatiePavlich should be the replacement for McCain 		She is smart, tough, lifelong Arizonan, conservative, young, beautiful, &amp; her family came as LEGAL immigrants from eastern Europe		Would be youngest woman Senator ever and a fighter for our rights!		Lets make it happen
Fact:		97.8% of mass shootings since 1950 have occurred in gun free zones
NAFTA was NOT free trade!		It included thousands of crony provisions, loopholes, holding periods, and insider deals that disallowed inter-country commerce and harmed the US 		Any deal that moves us closer in the direction of true free trade, no tariffs, or barriers is a win!
Why did Manafort get 23 hours of solitary confinement before getting convicted for tax fraud but terrorists that trained kids to shoot up schools got released on bond for $20,000?		🤔
NYC will be spending $2.06 billion on the homeless this year		There are 61,421 homeless people in NYC spending $33K per person		Department of Homeless budget is $2.06 billion while the FDNY budget is $2.04 billion		More money will be spent on homeless than our firefighter heroes
Social media tech companies are no longer censoring people because they are offensive, instead they are censoring them because they are effective
Socialism is much more about hating the rich than helping the poor
*Radical Islamic terrorists trained kids to shoot up schools at a remote compound, where a dead kid was also found, were released on bail and now walk within our society, also wanted to attack a hospital in Atlanta and show no remorse for their actions*		There I fixed it for you https://t.co/ZIXwf9BZCj
Every single poll heading into 2016 was off by 10 points and victory was guaranteed for Hillary		I find it hard to believe that people are still blindly believing the polls and pundits that were so wrong yet continue to claim to be so right
Fact:		A Russian bank paid Bill Clinton a $500,000 speaking fee on June 29, 2010 for a 30 minute speech while Hillary was the Secretary of State		Soon after Hillary approved the sale of 20% of our Uranium to the Russians		I wonder why		🤔
9/11? Pearl Harbor? World War 2? Civil War? Nuclear Soviet Union? Reconstruction? World War 1?		Instead, Brennan stunningly identifies Trump as the third great crisis in our history		Someone who believes this shouldn’t have been allowed a security clearance in the first place https://t.co/AHvDhMq1br
Trump should cancel the $500 million of annual foreign aid we give to South Africa until their racist and dangerous policy of murdering white farmers is forever discontinued and the criminals who stole the land are jailed and never see the light of day again
The FBI never raided Bill Clinton’s lawyer after he paid $850,000 for her to go away		🤔
Political correctness is a weapon designed to silence people whose arguments cannot be refuted
Today the Department of Justice indicted 19 foreign nationals for illegally voting in the 2016 election		Strange that we didn't hear the media or Democrats get upset about this. I thought they were horrified about the idea of foreign interference in our elections?		🤔
BOOM:		Small business ownership among blacks up 400% since @realDonaldTrump election
GDP growth: 4.1%		Jobs created: 4 million 		Consumer confidence at 17 year high 		Women's unemployment 65 year low 		Energy independent: first time EVER  		African, Hispanic, and Asian American unemployment lowest EVER		News coverage of @realDonaldTrump: 		90% NEGATIVE		🤔
Why we need a wall:		Enedelia Perez Garcia, 27, died Aug. 12 from “multiple stab wounds all over her body,” according to a second-degree murder charge filed Monday against illegal alien Fraider Diaz-Carbajal		Fradier was DEPORTED then reentered across the southern border
How many Senators campaigned on this issue and then back down when it comes to the vote?		Thank you @randpaul for standing for liberty and freedom. We need more like you 		https://t.co/bPdWDLFmBp
What a disgusting display of anti-Americanism - only in America can someone be paid millions to play football and then pretend to be a victim while protesting something that doesn’t exist https://t.co/6bC2qxTNVb
Liberals say “ if confiscating all guns saves just one life it will be worth it” 		By that logic, if deporting all illegal aliens saves just one life wouldn’t that be worth it?		🤔
By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taxpayer dollars to settle sexual harassment complaints
How many members of Congress attacking Trump for payments used taxpayer dollars to settle harassment claims against them?		🤔
Democrats would much rather see America fail than Trump succeed
You ever hear of Democrat privilege?		It means you can commit crimes without going to jail		Like Hillary selling our uranium for cash		Like John Kerry violating the Logan act		Like Rosie O’Donnell illegally contributing to 5 candidates		When Republicans do this, they go to prison
Notice how the media quickly stopped covering or caring about Mollie Tibbetts as soon as it came out that she was killed by an illegal alien?
Today is your daily reminder that Senate Democrats opposed an openly gay ambassador @RichardGrenell who is literally deporting Nazis out of America
Democrats are livid that Trump made a private payment using his own funds but are perfectly fine with Obama sending hundreds of millions of dollars in taxpayer cash to Iran illegally in a private jet and then lying about it
A Obama appointed judge just decided to give no jail time to Pakistani IT Staffer Imran Awan because he “suffered enough”		In July, he pleaded guilty to a false statement he made on a loan application. Same thing that now has Manafort facing 80 years in prison
Why is Manafort facing 80 years in prison for tax fraud but Al Sharpton who owes millions in taxes has never been convicted, arrested, or tried for tax evasion?		🤔
Why is Manafort going to prison for tax fraud but Hillary isn't going to prison for selling 20% of our precious Uranium to Russia for cash?		🤔
Heart-wrenching tweet from the beautiful Mollie Tibbetts	She was a godly, Christian, peaceful, innocent, victim of a crime of an illegal alien animal 	I am sick to my stomach over this. https://t.co/2P14z5RfxC
Did you know:		There are 42,034 illegals in federal prison		Democrats fight very hard for illegals, like Christian Rivera who murdered Mollie Tibbetts		Democrats are the party of crime and illegals		 They cannot be trusted with power
Mollie Tibbetts was brutally murdered by an illegal alien		The media will quickly move past this tragedy as it doesn’t fit their narrative		Similar to how we will never hear about the ISIS school shooting training compound in New Mexico again.
Mollie Tibbett’s family should sue the @ACLU by preventing ICE from doing their jobs to find illegal aliens like Christian Rivera		The ACLU fights very hard every day to keep these criminals in America. And Mollie is now dead at the hands of another illegal alien criminal
Beautiful Molly Tibbetts was brutally killed by an illegal alien		He should have been deported. He shouldn’t never have been allowed in America		Democrats want to have more people like the illegal animal Christian Rivera in America - they fight hard for people like him
RT @TuckerCarlson: CNN hounded this guy out of a job for giving this speech, which they suggested had something to do with white supremacy.…
The more we learn the more we realize it’s the Democrats who have been truly colluding with Russia to corrupt our democracy and interfere in our elections
RT @kimguilfoyle: Great opinion piece by @charliekirk11 #MAGA 🇺🇸President Trump is making diplomacy great again https://t.co/TJVdjUQdX0
Illegal immigrants already have the right to vote:		In their home country, where they left and then broke our laws to come here. 		We should be deporting criminal illegals, not even entertaining giving them the right to vote
Wyoming, go vote for Foster! A good friend and patriot, will make a terrific governor. https://t.co/NPtQWEhlLv
ICE is literally deporting Nazis - can’t wait to see the left find a reason to oppose this https://t.co/8P51Tar6uk
Instead of more gun control maybe we should regain control of the radical people coming into America, some of whom are training kids to shoot up schools while the media totally ignores it
This is the same country that funded and planned 9/11 and is the leading human rights abuser in the world. They are a medieval empire that hates America, the west, and freedom https://t.co/ja4e3w2ScC
Tomorrow is election day in Wyoming 		My dear friend @FosterFriess is running for governor and in a super close race to win the primary		He wrote the first $10,000 check to get @TPUSA started and as they say "the rest is history"		Foster is a patriot and deserves your vote WY! https://t.co/XMtTr3B54m
According to the Texas Department of Safety: 		Since June 1, 2011 Illegals have committed:		1,351 Homicides 	7,156 Sexual Assaults	9,938 Weapons Charges 	79,049 Assaults	18,685 Burglaries 	79,900 Drug Charges
If it’s so nice over there why did you come back to America https://t.co/8Q4gkSvw6t
Fact: 		A police officer is 18.5 times more likely to be shot by an African American than an unarmed African American shot by a police officer
Since Brennan claims he never used the security clearance since leaving the CIA, why is it such a big deal that it is being revoked?		🤔
Did you know:		Donald Trump’s welfare ban for illegal Immigrants would be a $57.4 Billion tax cut for Americans
Liberals pretend to be for freedom of expression as they rally 300+ newspapers to write editorials against Trump - yet the same newspapers and liberal elites are eerily silent as tech companies silence and target conservative voices		I thought they wanted free speech?		🤔
If America isn’t great why do millions risk their life to get a chance to come here?		🤔
Trump should revoke Obama and Kerry’s security clearances. They are advising Iran and others on how to counter his policies.
Bad times make strong men		Strong men make good times		Good times make weak men 		Weak men make bad times
Every college socialist should be encouraged to live under a Marxist regime for 6 months 		Would love to see the Bernie bros try and survive in Venezuela without running water, food, shelter, or wifi 		Socialism sounds great till it kills you and your family
A media that cares much more about a President’s Diet Coke consumption, ice cream eating habits, and body weight more than Islamic terrorists training kids to shoot up schools is one that we cannot trust and must resist
Only in America could a President achieve the lowest ever black and Hispanic unemployment, have black business startups skyrocket 400%, see wages go up for black workers, advocate for prison reform, pardon wrongfully convicted people of color, and still be called a racist
Why are Republicans in Congress continuing to authorize funding of the Mueller investigation?		Demand he release his findings by September 1st or defund the politically motivated witch hunt against @realDonaldTrump 		Exercise your oversight authority!
War zone:		Chicago gun crime to date:		Shot &amp; Killed: 311	Shot &amp; Wounded: 1653	Total Shot: 1964	Total Homicides: 367		Chicago has the strictest gun laws in America and hasn’t had a Republican mayor since 1931
Athletes kneeling for the National Anthem say they are protesting police brutality		@theOfficerTatum pointed out that only 13 unarmed Black people have been killed by cops in 2018		These protests aren’t about that, they’re about hating America and hating Trump
Currently Paul Manafort is being held in a cell for alleged tax fraud but Muslim terrorist murders who trained kids to shoot up schools are walking free after their compound was discovered
In Arizona Illegal immigrants are:		142% more likely to commit a crime		45% more likely to be gang members		And illegals age 15-35 make up 2% of AZ population yet make up 8% of prison population
Did you know:		95% of lawmakers who advocate for a $15 minimum wage do not pay their congressional interns
Democrats need people to need them		Democrats are experts at keeping poor people poor, if poor people get richer they will lose political control
CNN media bias:		Over 26 hours dedicated to Rob Porter domestic abuse allegations in first two days of story breaking		Under 5 minutes dedicated to Deputy Chair of DNC Keith Ellison domestic abuse allegations in first two days of story breaking
If the Democrats were truly concerned about Russia why did:		Hillary sell them our Uranium for cash		Obama promise more “flexibility” after the election		Obama do nothing after DNC was hacked		Obama mock Romney for calling Russia an enemy		🤔
Fact:		Black owned small business jumped 400% IN ONE YEAR FROM 2017-2018 thanks to @realDonaldTrump pro growth policies!!		Why aren’t we hearing celebration from the congressional black caucus?		🤔
Tough week for Democrats:		Cuomo said America was never great		Ocasio-Cortez banned press from her event		Hillary applauded a 11 yr old for kneeling during the national anthem		Black support for Trump hit 36%		Congressional generic ballot shrank to 3 points		Trump approval at 50%
Ocasio-Cortez banned press from a political event, something Trump has NEVER done		Will 350 newspapers now be writing editorials about how she hates the free press?		🤔
.⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ trade policy is revitalizing the broken Midwest - bringing back American made steel! 		#MAGA https://t.co/fmiMCwPc79
Youth Unemployment hits 52 YEAR LOW under @realDonaldTrump		Meanwhile rest of the world embraces socialism with high youth unemployment:		—July—	🇺🇸8.6%		—June—	🇪🇸34.1%	🇮🇪32.6%	🇫🇷20.4%	🇵🇹19.6%	🇸🇪17.2%	🇫🇮17.3%	🇧🇪16.4%	🇪🇺15.8%	🇮🇪11.4%	🇬🇧11.3%	🇬🇷34.1%
Only a liberal could feel sorry for a MS13 gang member but not think a 20 week year old fetus is a human
Trump:		The man who gave up his billionaire lifestyle to be attacked viciously, his businesses sued, his past overexamined, &amp; family slandered all to work 20 hrs days to battle elites in DC to save America from destruction while fighting for the very same people who hate his guts
Did you know: 		@realDonaldTrump has appointed and implemented 26 strong conservative appellate judges since his inauguration, the most of ANY President in US history in first 2 years in office		He is reshaping the judiciary for future generations, and its driving liberals mad.
Democrat’s political power is based on continuing to control the very people they spent 150 years oppressing via slavery and racist policies
Socialism sucks:		Venezuela GDP growth 		2013: 1.3%	2014: -3.9%	2015: -6.2%	2016: -16.5%	2017: -14%	2018: -15%		@BernieSanders wants to bring Marxism to America. We must stop him
RT @RealCandaceO: One year ago today I uploaded my first video onto YouTube. What an incredible year it’s been. 	I feel tremendously gratef…
A liberal Democrat judge released these Muslim terrorist animals with limited bond - if it was a Christian compound they would be held without bail and media would be blaming Trump https://t.co/xpQPnQEdhS
Isn’t a “coordinated effort” by 350 newspaper editors media collusion aimed at swaying our elections?		🤔
Last time a Republican was Mayor in the following cities:		Atlanta 1879	Chicago 1931	Baltimore 1967	Detroit 1962	New Orleans 1872	Pittsburgh 1934	Seattle 1946	Philadelphia 1952	Cincinnati 1971		No wonder they have high crime, failing schools, and are all bankrupt https://t.co/kAgrgMLpUn
.@realDonaldTrump is breaking the Democrat party as we know it		Trump’s Black Approval is at 36%, Previous GOP Election Best Was 12% in 1996		If I was a Democrat I would be terrified 		And it’s only going to get worse for them
Facts about @realDonaldTrump - 		-Sued Palm Beach to desegregate  club, Mar A Lago		-Paid to help a Mexican American boy finish college when he saw a news story about his terminally ill mom		-Hired Barbara Res to construct Trump Tower, making her 1st woman to build a skyscraper
A single mother on welfare making $8.25/hr has little economic incentive to accept a raise that offers anything less than $38/hr, due to the government subsidies she would lose 		Welfare financially punishes people who try to leave it		It incentivizes people to stay poor
America is the only country in the world where even those hate it, refuse to leave
Very pleased Brennan’s security clearance has been revoked		Now let’s revoke:		Comey	Clapper	Yates	McCabe	Rice	Hayden	Strzok	Page	Ohr		Drain the swamp
Breaking:		DOJ Arrests ISIS Member in California who entered the U.S. through Obama-era Refugee Program
Voter fraud is real:		Nearly 250 counties across the United States have more registered voters on the voting rolls than the number of eligible
2020 will be referendum on the idea of America		Our side will argue we are the greatest country ever to exist - that we should be thankful to be Americans &amp; give glory to god we live in this country		The other side will say “America was never great” and are angry to be in America
Planned parenthood is spending $30 million on the midterm elections		If they have that kind of spare cash, why the hell are we subsidizing them?		🤔
Here it is - Chuck Schumer sounding a lot like @realDonaldTrump - “Illegal Immigration is WRONG!”		What happened?		The Democrats have now become the party of open borders and illegals - they have lost middle America and now desperately need foreign nationals to win elections https://t.co/LnPIfRkrSc
More paperwork and identification is required to shop at Costco than to be able to vote in America - yet the left never says Costco is disenfranchising minorities		🤔
Comey, McCabe, Obama, Hillary, Strzok, Page, Lynch, Holder, and Lerner all no longer work for the US government		Today is a good day.
With women leaders like @KatiePavlich and @IvankaTrump the future will belong to the conservative movement - they get big stuff done, they love freedom, fight for America, and handle themselves with incredible grace https://t.co/qzU6O6sWXQ
It is hard to imagine anything more evil than using your position of trust within the church to then sexually molest and abuse young children		Every single one of these child abusers should face life in prison. No bail, no parole, no chance for release
If a group of Christians were running a compound where a boy died due to abuse &amp; they were training kids to shoot up schools, they wouldn’t receive bail &amp; the media would blame Trump for the rise of radicalism in America		Instead, these Muslim terrorists get bail &amp; total silence
It is easier to take rights away if you never knew you had them in the first place
Typical fake news - ⁦@DonaldJTrumpJr⁩ was in CANADA not Southhampton this weekend - also ⁦@kimguilfoyle⁩ used this nickname based on the ⁦candy “Junior Mints” at @TPUSA⁩ event #FakeNews  https://t.co/3uNsl63nE5
The FBI is corrupt, and this is just the start of draining the deep state swamp: 		Director Comey: fired	Dep Dir McCabe: fired	Chief Counsel Baker: demoted, left	Chief of Staff Rybicki: left	FBI Counsel Page: demoted, then left	Dep Dir of Counterintel Strzok: demoted, FIRED
There are only two genders
Don’t you find it strange that Omarosa comes out with the “n word” allegations the same day Trump hits 31% black approval?		🤔
There is something sick and twisted when Paul Manafort gets solitary confinement for 23 hours a day and the Muslim child abusing, school shooting training, terrorists walk away with $20,000 bail laughing
.@realDonaldTrump approval soars amongst black voters		You are witnessing the death of the Democrat party - this is more fun and happening faster than I thought		The great black exit is just beginning.... https://t.co/GH8xNHVW7x
Fact the media won't tell you:		US Internet speed has gone from 12th to 6th fastest in the world since the end of net neutrality
This animal is going to be released on bail after TRAINING KIDS TO SHOOT UP SCHOOLS		This form of Muslim extremism must be addressed and met with lifetime punishment in prison - he is a child abuser, terrorist, and radical		What an abuse of justice - makes me sick https://t.co/26RZScldRC
Why hasn’t Sheriff Israel been fired?		Why hasn’t anyone from the FBI been fired for missing the tips on the Parkland shooter?		What about the hundreds of complaints filed against the animal that were ignored?		Yet somehow this is the @NRA fault? 		Great work @KyleKashuv https://t.co/zXl2cJF3fl
President Trump's job approval rating is at 50% in latest Rasmussen tracking poll		Five points higher than Obama at this period of time in his Presidency
RT @RealCandaceO: It warms my heart to know that liberals who buy her book will have their money rerouted to the Trump campaign. https://t.…
According to a data specialist who independently audits voter rolls: 		Current Florida voter file received this past Saturday: 		7,001 people born between 1900 to 1916		516 born 1900 to 1908		80 born 1900-1903 		Plus 16 from 1886 to 1899		Voter fraud is real.
Omarosa better hope her book sells a lot of copies - Trump campaign just filed a massive lawsuit for her violating her Non Disclosure Agreement
Saying minorities cannot obtain an ID to vote is a bitterly racist thing to say
List of America’s Deadliest Cities:		St. Louis, MO	Baltimore, MD	Detroit, MI	New Orleans, LA	Birmingham, AL	Jackson, MS	Baton Rouge, LA	Hartford, CT	Salinas, CA 	Milwaukee, WI	Chicago, IL		ALL RUN BY DEMOCRATS 		We don’t need gun control	We need Democrat control
Fact:		56% of foreign refugees are on taxpayer funded food stamps
If conservatives were threatening to kill Obama secret service would arrest them instantaneously		ANTIFA on video threatens to kill Trump and the media completely ignores it		🤔
Did you know:		In the 1857 Dred Scott decision that upheld slavery all 7 justices that upheld that slaves were NOT people were Democrats		The 2 justices who dissented were both outspoken Republicans
Now that Strzok is fired @GenFlynn should be totally cleared of perjury charges		Strzok set up the perjury trap as a way to go after @realDonaldTrump - it was a rigged interrogation designed to destroy allies of the President
I am glad Strzok is fired		Now why is Lois Lerner still receiving a pension?	Who from the FBI has been fired for missing the tips about Parkland shooter?	What about IRS agents that got rehired from IRS scandal?		I think we need to fire another couple million government employees
I have been trying to signal the alarm about Bezos &amp; his crony moves in DC for months 		He bought the Washington Post to exercise political control, he has the most powerful lobbyists in DC, and is now on the verge of a $100 billion government contract https://t.co/m5KQRnl5qX
Fact:		Miami’s police department is a majority minority force		106 white 	579 Hispanic	336 Black		The supposed “racist” police is actually made up of concerned, committed, community members who put their lives on the line to prevent more violence against their own neighborhood
Its amazing to see Silicon Valley reject the idea of conservative investors such as Peter Thiel, but they are perfectly fine with Saudi Arabia, the world's leading abuser of human, gay, and women's rights ( not to mention they planned and funded 9/11) invest in Tesla
Despite what the media will tell you there are amazing opportunities to flip blue seats RED in November!		Harry is one of those candidates where we can pick up a seat -  a great guy, accomplished and smart - we must support him! https://t.co/AvC37WYbNa
Social media giants are censoring conservative pages and pundits while continuing to allow ISIS to recruit and stay active on their platforms
Dem Candidate for GA governor owes 50,000 in taxes to the IRS		Dem Candidate for TX Governor owes 12,000 in property taxes		Democrats want to raise taxes on all of us but refuse to even pay their own taxes
The entire media covers 20 racist, loser, white supremacists in a failed effort to link them to Donald Trump - yet they completely ignore hundreds of ANTIFA thugs assaulting members of NBC News and targeting conservatives all across the country
This is the face of the Democrat party		White liberals swearing, accosting, and taunting a black majority police force		The Democrat base is built on the Marxist activist doctrine of destruction and anarchy		WATCH THIS AND RT! 		We cannot allow these radicals to regain power https://t.co/cclixrxOZr
BREAKING: 		All 10 Senate Democrats in Red States running for re-election are below 50%		New Jersey Incumbent is at 42%		GOP could pick up 11 seats in November
This weekend an NBC news crew was assaulted by ANTIFA gang member thugs while covering the protests		This story was covered up and silenced		Imagine if a group of Trump supporters assaulted reporters - it would be the lead story for a month
Did you know:	 	Illegal Aliens make up 8.4% of the population	 	Yet they account for 42.4% of kidnappings and 31.5% of drug convictions
Only in America can someone be paid millions of dollars to play football while simultaneously hating the country that gives them opportunity all while pretending to be a victim
Omarosa was given repeated opportunities of a lifetime from @realDonaldTrump - instead of exiting with grace &amp; gratitude she makes up pernicious stories designed to inflate book sales &amp; seek revenge for getting fired		Also, recording a WH official is against the law		#LockHerUp
The greatest lie the left is spreading is that somehow people are oppressed or victims based solely on the color of their skin
The left says voter fraud doesn’t exist		WATCH THIS VIDEO		Machines in 18 states can be hacked in 2 min or less with no tools		We need a total audit of all voter rolls, secure voting methods and VOTER ID!! https://t.co/F87pz9CGvS
Facts: 		In 2018 34 police officers killed in the line of duty		In 2018 13 unarmed black men killed by police officers		There is a war on cops happening in America
How can Border Patrol be racist when 52% of their agents are Hispanic?		🤔
Voter Fraud is a national emergency that both parties routinely ignore:		A Gov Watchdog group found that OH-12 has 170 voters who are OLDER than 116 years old. 		124 of them were born in 1800, 72 of them VOTED in the 2016 Election
If Liberals don't believe in biological gender then why do they march for women's rights?		🤔
The left hates the idea there are other ideas. ANTIFA is a mob full of thugs who are very unhappy, discontented people who hate Trump more than they love America https://t.co/ntpFfQPwuZ
Did you know:		After intense Democrat opposition for decades the Republican controlled congress finally gave a woman’s right to vote via the 19th amendment in 1920?
Big Government Sucks:		National Institutes of Health is spending over $140,000 and counting to combat the “intersectional stigma” of weird men in Nepal who pretend to be women
If a group of Christian conservatives had a compound training kids to carry out school shootings it would be the biggest story of 2018
The most intolerant people in the world are liberals who pretend to preach tolerance
$50,000 so I can publicly humiliate you in a debate? You have a deal. Don’t flake or back out, like liberals tend to do. You are on the record. We will set it up!! https://t.co/9cRiSIeLp4
I’ll up the ante inspired by @benshapiro offer - I have a group of donors that will contribute $100,000 to the charity of your choice to debate @RealCandaceO. ANY CHARITY.		Why are you scared to discuss your ideas @Ocasio2018 ? https://t.co/colKiIS7nk
Ivanka Trump is one of the most intelligent, accomplished, caring, and incredible people I’ve ever had a chance to meet. Our country is in a better place thanks to her and @realDonaldTrump leadership! https://t.co/u1xuLDxTd0
“Liberals cannot bully me”		@kanyewest continues to stand up to the mob
Chicago has not a Republican mayor since 1931		It is Obama’s hometown, with Obama’s former chief of staff as mayor, with all Democrats as alderman, &amp; all Democrats representing them in Congress		It you see a broken, murderous, corrupt, and dangerous city - a Democrat is in charge
Voter fraud is real:		170 Voters in Ohio Race ‘Over 116 Years Old,’ World’s Oldest Person Is 115		🤔
Bill Clinton: Record Black imprisonment		Barack Obama: Record amount of blacks on welfare and food stamps		Trump: Record low black unemployment
According to the @NAACP poll black support for @realdonaldtrump now sits at 21% 		Romney at his peak earned 6% in this poll		If Trump can snag 15% of the black vote in 2020, the Democrats will have almost no chance
New study:		Illegal and legal immigrants are using nearly 60 percent more U.S. taxpayer-funded food stamps than native born Americans, data from the leading immigration research group reveals
History! 		Trump names first women to run Border Patrol and she immediately calls for the Wall to be built		#MAGA
So now you admit Elizabeth Warren isn’t a Native American? 🤔 https://t.co/1TvbhLoBb9
Facts:		13th Amendment- ABOLISHED SLAVERY		Republican Support: 100%	Democrat Support: 23%		15th Amendment- RIGHT TO VOTE FOR ALL		Republican Support: 100%	Democrat Support: 0%		14th Amendment- GAVE CITIZENSHIP TO FREED SLAVES		Republican Support: 94%	Democrat Support: 0%
Maybe if illegals were caught bringing plastic straws across the border Democrats would finally support building the wall
Facts:		By the time an unborn child is:		18 DAYS: A Baby’s heart beats	42 DAYS: Brain waves detected	52 DAYS: A baby hiccups and yawns	8 WEEKS: All organs function	9 WEEKS: Has fingerprints	10 WEEKS: Can feel pain	12 WEEKS: Can smile		So why do we allow brutal late term abortion?
In Saudi Arabia being “crucified” is not a metaphor		This medieval regime should be totally rejected by the west - they are brutal zealots who hate our way of life.  https://t.co/n1CT0dXi91
It looks like there is going to be another Charlottesville type incident in DC in the coming days		Fringe ethno-nationalist racial identitarians have NO PLACE in the conservative movement - we reject them!		To the media, DO NOT try &amp; connect them to Trump or the Republican party
An illegal alien raped a child in Philadelphia after the city refused to comply with an ICE detainer &amp; released him back into the city		This is a video of the mayor DANCING &amp; CELEBRATING making Philly a sanctuary city, which allowed the animal to rape this child -@PhillyMayor		RT https://t.co/dooKGuUBYR
Facts about Chicago with America’s strictest gun laws:		In 2016, 764 people were gunned down in Chicago		1,785 shootings in Chicago this year, 290 killed		74 people were shot &amp; 13 were killed last weekend 		A person is shot every 3 hours &amp; murdered 15 hours this year in Chicago
The most racist comments I have seen hurled at @RealCandaceO have been from entitled liberals who can’t refute her arguments or ideas		The left is upset she has defected from their ranks and exhibit horrific racism towards her and all other black conservatives
Unacceptable:		An illegal alien raped a child in Philadelphia after the city refused to comply with an ICE detainer request &amp; released him back into the city		Sanctuary city mayors should be arrested for defying federal immigration law &amp; be held civilly liable for these incidents
Democrats hate Trump a lot more than they love America
In order to fix our crumbling inner cities, we need the faith and business community to unite		@pulte gets the problem and has a compelling solution. He is fixing the problem! https://t.co/z4SAW4djOK
Will be releasing a video shortly about the shootings in Chicago		After chatting with dozens of people from south side of Chicago they all have agreement the number one reason for this sustained brutal shooting is breakdown of black family		Black fathers matter
Did you know:		In 2017 ICE made 4,818 gang arrests (796 were MS 13 animals) 		They bust dozens of child sex trafficking rings a year 		Democrats want to abolish the rule or law and those who enforce it. They prefer anarchy to protect illegals than law and order
Did you know		Chicago has a 83% unresolved murder rate		In 2017, the police solved 114 of the 650 murders that occurred in that same year — just 17.5 percent, according to a Chicago Sun-Times analysis of police data		If you commit murder in Chicago, you will most likely walk free
Why we need strong borders:		DHS detains illegal immigrant after attempting to enter US with girl he claimed was his daughter but in reality was a girl he was raping
Socialist star Ocasio-Cortez strikes out: 		All her endorsed candidates lose Tuesday primaries
Voter fraud: 		670 ballots cast in Georgia precinct with 276 voters
The DNC is mad at Russia because they 'think' they are trying to manipulate our election by exposing that the DNC is manipulating our election
Democrats fought for slavery	Democrats fought against blacks being citizens	Democrats started the KKK	Democrats sent KKK members to congress	Democrats filibustered the civil rights act	The parties never switched - the Democrats are the party of hate and division, always have been https://t.co/2j3wKorLCo
You know it is a good day in America when the GDP growth rate is higher than the unemployment rate
The more violent and intolerant the  left becomes the more you know we are winning and they are losing
If Donald Trump deleted all of his emails, wiped his server with Bleachbit and destroyed all of his phones with a hammer, would the Mainstream Media suddenly lose all interest in the story and declare him innocent?		🤔
Your daily reminder that @DineshDSouza reimburses a friend for a campaign contribution and got jail time 		 Yet Rosie O’Donnell won't go to prison for breaking federal campaign law 5 times by falsifying names and exceeding contribution limits?		🤔
Will YouTube, Facebook, and Apple now remove Louis Farrakhan from their platform or does censoring “hate” only apply to those on the right?		🤔
If I wanted to keep black people poor I would get them hooked on government benefits, demand they attend corrupt public schools with under-qualified teachers who can’t be fired, start divisive conflicts against the police, break up the black family, &amp; then blame it all on racism
My favorite part of the last 24 hours has been seeing white liberals tell a black conservative @RealCandaceO she is a white supremacist because she was praising a black police force against white liberals trashing a city that is 44% black
Make no mistake - @realDonaldTrump is already one of the most successful Presidents in US history, and if he stays on pace he will have corrected America’s course away from total destruction https://t.co/hsAMxSQxMj
Thank you so much Katie. Have looked up to you for years and am honored to be in this fight with you 🇺🇸 https://t.co/0TaaqrlPl9
Last time a Republican was Mayor in the following cities:		Atlanta 1879	Chicago 1931	Baltimore 1967	Detroit 1962	New Orleans 1872	Pittsburgh 1934	Seattle 1946	Philadelphia 1952	Cincinnati 1971		No wonder they have failing schools, high crime, and poverty
Black single motherhood rate in 1950’s: 17% 		Black single motherhood rate today: 73%		This happened because of the welfare policies of the Democrats coupled with failing public schools		As the Democrats gained political control over black people, black America got worse off
Tolerant leftist says @RealCandaceO and I are lucky we didn’t get tarred and feathered today for having breakfast in Philly		Why didn’t Twitter suspend his account or make him delete this tweet? 		🤔 https://t.co/sans83kR4S
Will be on Hannity tonight with the great @RealCandaceO discussing the tolerant left		They come after anyone who supports @realDonaldTrump - we won’t let them win https://t.co/tb8pwCpUwd
Sick:		Karrar Noaman al Khammasi is an Iraqi refugee now charged with attempted murder of a Colorado police officer was in ICE custody in 2016 but was released thanks to a court decision that ruled his convictions for assault other crimes weren’t serious enough to deport him
Fact: 		More people are fleeing socialism from Venezuela than civil war torn Syria
“The American people have put up with Trump long enough. What more do we need to see? What more lies do we need to hear?	If you see anybody from that Cabinet in a restaurant, at a gasoline station, you get out and you create a crowd, &amp; you push back on them!” 		- Maxine Waters https://t.co/fLG0j3BsQq
The left hates the idea there are other ideas
Why won’t Democrat leaders denounce these ANTIFA thugs? 		This is the new base of the Democrat party. 		They hate America and will go to violent measures to attack conservatives		This is @RepMaxineWaters America - she called for these sort of attacks 		See the hatred yourself https://t.co/rnVWH8tOt5
Where are the national Democrat leaders protesting black on black gun violence in Chicago? Over 70 shot, 12 dead and counting, with strictest gun laws in America		Instead, Maxine Waters is focused on harassing conservatives, something @RealCandaceO &amp; I experienced firsthand today
If a angry conservative mob formed while two young liberals, one white guy and a black woman, were eating breakfast, and the mob hurled horrific insults, threw objects and assaulted them, the left would call it a “hate crime” and every major outlet would be demanding condemnation
If we allow the Democrats to regain control of Congress, these radicals will be in charge of the levers of power		⁦@RealCandaceO⁩ were eating breakfast, we were then spotted &amp; the ANTIFA mob was mobilized to attack us		We will not let them win https://t.co/P0P39DDPVc
So @RealCandaceO &amp; I were peacefully eating breakfast this morning. Within 20 mins ANTIFA mobilized a protest, started screaming at us, attacked us, &amp; threatened death against us		This is the face of the Democrats		Conservatives aren’t safe  - @RepMaxineWaters called for this https://t.co/fLG0j3BsQq
“Everything is organized around how white men see the world. This is a problem. This is why so many things suck” @sarahjeong , NY Times editor 		Replace “white” with any other race, as @realCandaceO demonstrated, and the outrage would be overwhelming https://t.co/r7u57NLXNc
60 people were shot, including 9 who died in just 14 hours in Chicago		This is Obama’s hometown with Obama’s handpicked mayor, Rahm, with the strictest gun laws in America, and ZERO Republicans serving in the city council		All Democrat political control means suffering and misery
Since the media is focused on the Trump Tower meeting can we talk about how FusionGPS (group that funded the dossier) helped coordinate that meeting &amp; tried to put @donaldJtrumpjr in a trap		I was part of the campaign with Don for 3 months straight		This Russia stuff is all BS
Saudi Arabia hates that the West is calling them out for their intolerance and hatred of free expression		Fun fact: Saudi kicked out US ground troops in early 2000’s after 9/11 when we needed their help the most		Saudi is no friend of freedom lovers, America, or the west https://t.co/CxSU0rLfoZ
Why we don’t trust the media:		U.S. Soldiers Caskets Arrival From Korea coverage by network: 		ABC World News Tonight- 24 seconds 		CBS Evening News- Did Not Cover 		NBC Nightly News- Did Not Cover
Countries Polluting The Oceans The Most:		Annual metric tons of mismanaged plastic waste in global waters -		China-8.8m	Indonesia-3.2m	Vietnam-1.8m	Sri Lanka-1.6m	Bangladesh-0.8m	Brazil-0.5m	United States-0.3m		And banning straws in California will do what exactly?		🤔
RT @Surabees: .@DonaldJTrumpJr endorses Foster Friess for Governor of Wyoming in an OpEd for the Casper Star Tribune:		"He’s not part of th…
By the way, she got banned by COPYING @sarahjeong tweets and replacing “white” with “black” and then @Twitter bans her for 12 hours		Double standard!! https://t.co/IVA2QmF2EM
UNREAL! 		@RealCandaceO has been banned from tweeting for 12 hours because she allegedly violated Twitter terms in service		She tweeted nothing wrong! 		And interestingly @sarahjeong hasn’t been banned or suspended		Why was Candace banned? 		Because she is a conservative
I lift up my eyes to the mountains , where does my help come from? 		My help comes from the Lord, the Maker of heaven and earth. 		Psalm 121: 1-2
The US is BY FAR the largest funded of the Palestinian Authority, over $5 billion to date &amp; counting		They hate the West, they hate America, &amp; are committed to the death of Israel		No more funding to countries that burn the American flag!		Rebuild America, don’t fund terror		RT! https://t.co/sQq0lMQv0e
Border Patrol just arrested a Mexican National twice deported &amp; previously convicted of a rape of a 14 year old		Open borders allow MS13 criminals to enter America &amp; wreak havoc		Nothing currently stops the flow of drugs, illegal guns, crime, &amp; gang members from entering America
Conservatives are thankful to live in America		Liberals are angry to live in America		I am thankful to have a President such as @realDonaldTrump fighting for our country so successfully everyday https://t.co/gM6Pb4aHTt
Trump sacrificed his wealth to save our country		The Clintons sacrificed our country for their wealth
Poll:		91.6% of Orthodox Jews approve of Trump’s presidency so far
Fact:		2,000 child predators sit in prison right now thanks to ICE
Since it’s Obama’s birthday let’s review his Presidency:		Gave our enemy Iran billions of dollars		Passed Obamacare &amp; wrecked US healthcare		Highest percentage ever on Food Stamps		Traded terrorists for a traitor		Oversaw creation of ISIS		Largest ever debt increase in US history
This is a US Senator who stands with someone who wants to abolish the entire white race and repeatedly makes horrifically racist statements. 		The Democrat party has officially been taken over by radical cultural marxists and postmodernists		This is abhorrent https://t.co/6si9Dm75rB
I love seeing this!		@MohammedMShaker who was a never-Trumper has a beautiful testimony of how he is now a supporter of @realDonaldTrump - thanks to tax cuts &amp; strong judges!		Mohammed is a patriot, veteran, &amp; great guy. I see stories like this every day. Trump’s base is growing! https://t.co/Syvn1ipcus
Hey @Acosta is this the “life threatening” situation that you have been describing at the Trump rally? 		You are smiling and shaking hands with Trump supporters and look to be quite safe		Why are you peddling this fake hate against @realDonaldTrump and his base? https://t.co/h0Slx7z2V4
The media feels unsafe at a Trump rally surrounded by secret service, hundreds of armed guards, &amp; police?		Wonder what it must be like to be a Trump supporter: 		Steve Scalise was shot &amp; nearly died		Rand Paul was mauled &amp; hospitalized		Countless assaults against Trump supporters
Media needs to report this: 		Senator John McCain’s former staff director &amp; chief counsel for Senate Homeland Security – Henry Kerner – urged top IRS officials (like Lois Lerner and others) to “audit so many that it becomes financially ruinous.”
BOOM:		A recent Harvard/Harris poll recorded a 10-point spike in Hispanic support for @realDonaldTrump		Law abiding Hispanic voters want a wall, they love ICE going after child traffickers, and they want LEGAL IMMIGRATION!		Democrats are party of lawlessness &amp; open borders		#MAGA
Senator Dianne Feinstein had a Chinese spy on her payroll—who also attended functions on her behalf—for 20 years		And now she is the one supposedly concerned about foreign interference in our country?		🤔
90% of all heroin and fentanyl flows through our open southern border:		Today a teen was caught trying to sneak across the border with 11,500 fentanyl pills, 61 pounds of methamphetamine and 14 pounds of heroin  		That’s enough drugs to kill thousands of Americans		Build the wall
Democrats rigged the primary for Hillary against Bernie, gave her debate questions, wiretapped and spied on Trump’s campaign, spent twice as much as Trump did, got every single celebrity and newspaper endorsement, had the entire media against Trump, and.... they still lost
“[Open borders] would make everybody in America poorer-you’re doing away with the concept of a nation state, and I don’t think there’s any country in the world that believes in that.” 		-Sen. Bernie Sanders in 2015
Socialism is the greatest failure of the 20h century		It has been tried over 100 times in the last 100 years resulting in 100 million civilians killed		Socialism is not about helping the poor it is about hating the rich		#SocialismSucks https://t.co/JLO79GuFAI
Crime and gun statistics from Chicago so far this year, with the strictest gun laws in the country:		Shot &amp; Killed: 278	Shot &amp; Wounded: 1451	Total Shot: 1729	Total Homicides: 332		Criminals love gun control. The criminals control the guns, and innocents become the victims
Liberal elites are obsessed with calling conservatives racists, yet turn a blind eye to actual racism within their own ranks
Excellent news. Despite the Democrats campaigning on common sense prison reform for years they refuse to work with Republicans on this issue		This bill will lower crime &amp; strengthen our broken prison system!		Will be a big win for ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩! https://t.co/jYoPx8KX4d
BOOM:		Today’s @realDonaldTrump approval ratings among black voters: 29%	 	This time last year: 15%		According to Rasmussen, most accurate poll in 2016		#MAGA
When everyone is entitled to everything, no one is responsible for anything
Liberals say walls don’t work yet:		Hungary 	Macedonia 	Bulgaria 	Austria 	Greece 	Spain	Norway 		Have all started building tall, strong border fences to restrict immigration of middle eastern refugees
Don is spot on here. The left thrives on political, racial, and societal division. 		Why is the left allowed to call @DonaldJTrumpJr a Nazi but he isn’t able to make a historic and accurate assessment of facts? 🤔		Facts seem to really bother the left https://t.co/PEyN6G6T8m
Poll: 		71% of business owners want more China tariffs		China is our enemy. They have been stealing our IP and attacking the US via cyber for far too long. Finally, we fight back		#MAGA
When a valid ID is required:		-Boarding an Airplane	-Getting a Prescription 	-Applying for a Job	-Cashing a Check	-Applying for Food Stamps  	-Obtaining Medicare/Medicaid 	-Driving	-Donating Blood  	-Getting Married 	-Adopting a Pet 		When a valid ID is NOT required:		Voting
The Trump economy is so good Obama is trying to take credit for it
If voter fraud is a big myth, then why is the left so scared to have us investigate it?		🤔
Why didn’t you sue the VA when they were letting vets die because of waiting lines and mismanagement?		The new left prioritizes illegals over veterans https://t.co/x0rR8pHE2c
Barack Obama had an approval rating of 45% on August 2, 2010.		@realDonaldTrump is now 5 points ahead of Barack Obama at a similar point in his presidency.		And this is while 90% of network media coverage has been negative of President Trump		#MAGA
We need to fire bad teachers, and pay good teachers more		Today 2,400 North Carolina elementary school teachers failed the math portion of their licensing exams		How are we supposed to teach our kids basic math when the teachers can’t even do basic math?		🤔
If we cut all public assistance to illegals we could fully fund Trump’s wall each year for the next decade
The most intolerant people in the world are liberals who pretend to preach tolerance
The Senate is in session. It currently cannot confirm any Trump appointed judges while you take a totally unnecessary taxpayer funded vacation to Africa. This is why America hates DC and people like you. https://t.co/NI6Z5xgB8r
Maxine Waters hates the idea of voter ID, yet you need to show a photo ID to attend one of her town-hall forums
Did you know:		The suicide bomber who killed 22 people at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester last year had been rescued from the Libyan civil war by the Royal Navy
Amazon, who is on the verge of a $100 billion taxpayer funded contract is now trying to unethically monopolize our music industry		Amazon engages in cronyism NOT capitalism - they buy politicians and use government for their gain at taxpayer expense https://t.co/esfi9L6RHJ
Donald Trump will convincingly get re-elected 		Unlike other Presidents he is GAINING in popularity throughout his first term. The more people see, the more they like!!		#MAGA https://t.co/G3IxEiGJdE
If we only counted US citizens in the census instead of illegal foreign nationals, California, New York, and Illinois would lose a combined 18 electoral votes		This is why the Democrats want illegals to be counted in the census
Facts about Robert Mueller:		Botched 1996 Olympic Bombing case and 2001 anthrax case		Blocked 9/11 victim families from suing Saudi Arabia (masterminds behind 9/11)		Hired Peter Strzok as lead “investigator”		Involved in Uranium One		Was FBI director over failed 9/11 intelligence
Why is Manafort on trial for tax/wire fraud fraud, including a $20,000 coat but Hillary isn’t on trial on selling 20% of our uranium to the Russians?		🤔
Did you know: 		There have been over 2,300 suspected child predators arrested through “Operation Broken Heart” and ICE’s “Operation Predator”
Hey California:		What happens if an illegal alien uses a plastic straw in a sanctuary city?		🤔
News the media didn’t report today:		Today @realDonaldTrump donated his $400,000 salary to rebuilding military cemeteries
Voter fraud is real. We need voter ID and citizenship checks for ALL voters, also need to purge the dead voters off of the rolls.
The left needs people to need them 		Their goal is to get as many people signed up for government benefits and keep them dependent forever 		Giving them just enough to survive, but never enough to break out of poverty 		The Democrats are great at keeping poor people poor
President Trump did the impossible: 		He got liberals to defend the Koch Brothers
Building the wall is national security		What is to prevent a radical Islamic terrorist from crossing the border with a massively deadly weapon?
Liberal logic:		We need socialism in America to help all those people coming across the border escaping horrible socialist countries
Despite persistent prodding @KimKardashian stood against the mob and refused to bash @realDonaldTrump - it takes courage to stand up to the mob and defy the status quo		For this she deserves to be commended!!
Trump is getting people off of food stamps and back to work!!		April 2018: 39,604,428 people receiving food stamps 		→ first time below 40 million since Feb 2010		Avg # of participants down 7.9 million (16.7%) since 2013		#MAGA
Socialism deteriorates the spirit of the individual, and incentivizes a lazy lifestyle where inactivity is glamorized and work is demonized https://t.co/qXVfQonkba
Why we need a wall:		Mexico's Murders		•2017: 31,174		•25 per 100,000 inhabitants		•Up 27% from 2016		•Most on record (since 1990)		•More than 200,000 murders over the past 10 years
In 2017, ICE initiated 833 human trafficking cases, resulting in 1,602 arrests and 578 convictions, and identified 518 victims of human trafficking		Democrats want to abolish ICE. That would allow human traffickers and MS13 members to run free
Only a liberal could tell us $20 billion is too much money for a border wall while also telling us we need to spend 32 trillion for “Medicare for All”
Breaking Today: 		Jordanian man arrested for plot to smuggle six Yemenis over the Mexican border
Did you know:		Democrats unanimously opposed the:		13th amendment of 1865 to abolish slavery		14th amendment of 1866 that gave citizenship to blacks		15th amendment of 1869 that gave voting rights for blacks		They only passed because of universal  Republican support
Democrats pretend to care about foreign interference in our elections yet are perfectly fine with illegals getting the right to vote
Indoctrination:		A new survey has found that only 2% of sociology professors identify as political conservatives
There is no shortage of liberals refusing to improve their own life but insisting I live according to their demands
If Trump was a Democrat, Melania would be on the front page of every fashion magazine and held up as an ideal role model for young women.
The IRS is currently rehiring hundreds of fired employees back into their ranks		The IRS rehired 11 employees previously disciplined for unauthorized access to taxpayer accounts and an employee who was absent without leave for 270 hours—the equivalent of 33 work days
Socialism is on the rise in America		Socialism was tried 100 times in the 100 years resulting in 100 million people slaughtered all for the “greater good”		Check out this exchange with a college socialist - socialism is about hating the rich, not helping the poor!		RT!! https://t.co/QFpkqDs3l9
Did you know:		There are thirty-nine fewer staffers dedicated to The First Lady of the United States (FLOTUS) than under Obama		There are only five staffers dedicated to Melania Trump vs. forty-four staffers who served Michelle Obama
Recap of the week:		Trump:		Settles record trade deal with EU		Achieves 4.1% GDP growth 		Gets soldiers remains back from North Korea		Slashed dozens of more regulations		Democrats:		Banned straws
Did you know:		To vote in Mexico every citizen has to have a tamper-proof photo ID card with a thumbprint and an embossed hologram. All citizens are required to personally enroll and show proof of birth or citizenship.
Did you know:		The total annual White House salaries under Trump are $35.8 million vs. $60.9 million under Obama, a savings of $25.1 million
If I wanted to keep black people poor I would get them hooked on government benefits, demand they attend corrupt public schools with under-qualified teachers who can’t be fired, start divisive conflicts against the police, break up the black family, &amp; then blame it all on racism
Power of capitalism:		In 1971 an American worker had to earn a months salary to be able to afford a TV set...now it’s two days.
Only in California would they threaten arrest if you use plastic straws while also giving actual MS13 criminals sanctuary from federal officials and illegals a right to vote
How can someone say that a fetus is a person if the mother wants to keep the child, yet its not a person if she doesn't want to keep it?		🤔
New study: 		Illegal immigration cost US taxpayers over $135 billion last year 		Illegal immigration is not only destabilizing the rule of law, destroying our culture, but also bankrupting America
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "If socialist professors really believe the nonsense that they, you know, profess, why don't they teach for f…
The wall must be funded, or else shut down the government!		Our borders are a total joke, they are wide open without ANY BARRIER AT ALL stopping MS13 animals, terrorists, drugs, or guns flowing into our country		See our border for yourself		@realDonaldTrump is spot on! 		RT! https://t.co/l6xP2vU4M0
Chicago has the strictest gun laws in the country and over 500 gun murders a year		Criminals love gun control, it makes sure only the bad guys have guns and the good guys are defenseless
Socialism can be summed up in a single sentence:		Hate the man that is better off than you are
There has been a 314% increase in adults arriving at the border with kids they are NOT related to		This is not a family, this is child trafficking
The people who fight hardest against socialism are the ones who actually lived under it, fled gunfire, had to wait weeks to eat, and saw loved ones killed for disagreeing with the government
Liberals want everything they don’t like to be banned and everything they do like to be considered a right and to be free
Planned Parenthood doesn’t help people “plan parenthood” it helps people escape parenthood
President Trump is fighting to convince Congress to give him a couple billion dollars for a wall		Then how did Obama come up with billions for Iran a country that wants us dead?		🤔
A beautiful and amazing moment when this steelworker starts crying after @realDonaldTrump visits their factory in Illinois		Trump is restoring the backbone of America, hard working people have a new chance and opportunity!		Watch this incredible clip and RT!		#MAGA https://t.co/5Q1rSQ18mH
Kyle is changing the game. Just another game changer in the ⁦@TPUSA⁩ family. Keep fighting Kyle! This is just the beginning  https://t.co/WD784TFTqj
Why haven’t the liberals smashed the “stars” on Hollywood boulevard of Bill Cosby or Kevin Spacey?		🤔
Isn’t it funny now that 1,800 children were reunited this week with their parents we aren’t hearing about the separation story anymore?		🤔
RT @KyleKashuv: Love you like a brother, @charliekirk11 https://t.co/MO3oI1xL9y
RT @KyleKashuv: #Hsls2018 may be in the past, but I will never forget it. Thank you so much to everyone who participated or helped out. It…
What @KyleKashuv pulled off this week is beyond words. He hustled and worked 20 hour days to make #HSLS2018 the BIGGEST HIGH SCHOOL CONSERVATIVE EVENT EVER!		Proud of you Kyle, no matter what you do you will succeed. Stay hungry, honored to know and work with you https://t.co/BlW2uOgRjI
Fact:		Had ICE been abolished five years ago, more than 605,000 criminal illegal aliens arrested by the agency would have been freed into the U.S. Another 800,500 criminal illegal aliens would have been able to evade deportation and released back into American neighborhoods
The corrupt ideas of the neo-marxists in universities should be thrown into the dustbin of history		Instead, we subsidize them with our tax dollars and teach our kids the very ideas our grandparents fought and died to stop
Shocking:		Planned Parenthood will perform 321,000 abortions this year with the $500 million of tax dollars we give them		They are not a healthcare provider, they are an abortion factory
The new Democrat party:		Terrorists over Israel 	Illegals over Americans 	Socialism over Capitalism	Lobbyisys over Voters	Criminals over Police	Globalists over America 	Wall Street over Main Street 	Voter Fraud over Voter I.D.	DC over America	Politics over the People
Did you know:		The Republican Party was founded in 1854 as an anti-slavery party		The mission of the GOP was to stop the spread of slavery into the western territories with a stated goal of abolishing it
This was a fun segment with ⁦@thehill⁩ - ⁦@WhiteHouse⁩ has every right to enforce professionalism standards within the reporting pool - it is a privilege to be a White House reporter, not a right!  https://t.co/09gMcQ8nsw
CNN headline from October 11, 2016: 		“Trump promises 4% growth, economists say ‘no way”
If illegals start using plastic straws in California will they finally be deported?		🤔
California: 		If you use a plastic straw you can go to jail but if you come illegally you get the right to vote, welfare, and benefits
Did you know: 		By 1900 Republicans had elected 22 black men to Congress		Democrats didn’t elect a black leader to Congress until 1935
The same people who said Trump will be responsible for wrecking the economy are now saying Trump is not at all responsible for the booming GDP numbers and growth
.@realDonaldTrump will convincingly win re-election
Why Democrats need illegals:		For every 770,000 illegals who filled out the 2010 census in a leftist state, the Democrats got another vote in the electoral college		Foreign nationals should NOT be counted in the census. It rewards law breaking and gives Democrats a upper hand!
Did you know:		The first female member of Congress, the first Hispanic governor and senator, and first Asian senator were all Republicans?
Facts: 		Since 1829 Democrats have fought against every single civil rights initiative		Democrats did the following: 		Defended slavery		Started the civil war 		Opposed reconstruction		Founded the KKK		Imposed segregation		Perpetrated lynchings		Fought against civil rights act
Democrats 2018 platform:		Bring back ISIS	Keep North Korea Nuclear	Raise your taxes	War with Russia	Let’s crash the stock market	Get back on welfare	Abolish ICE	Sympathy for MS13	All these new jobs need to go	Illegals over citizens	There are no genders
Today I stopped by an oversight committee hearing on the @FTC 		I was stunned that the FTC refused to answer how they go about investigating the technology and small business backbone of America		Obama’s army is still standing strong in our government		The deep state is real
Socialism/Communism has been tried over 100 times in over 100 years		The result: 100 million civilians dead, countless lives ruined, entire generations destroyed		Socialism is the greatest threat to human freedom, prosperity, &amp; progress in the 21st century		We must defeat it		RT! https://t.co/kcVKs4z8ph
RT @NRA: "@charliekirk11 is a legend in the making, and I couldn't be more excited about the work he's doing here at @TPUSA." –@ChrisCoxNRA…
As Americans, we should never be afraid to say that our culture, country, and way of life is better than others		We are a 272 year old experiment in freedom that works and we are the most prosperous, accepting, and generous country to ever exist		No one even comes close
If Trump was really controlled by Russia, why did he strengthen NATO, undercut Russia’s gas pipeline to Germany, arm the citizens of Ukraine, strike in Syria against Putin’s wishes, refuse to acknowledge the annexation of Crimea, &amp; close a record number of Russian embassies?		🤔
Voter fraud is real:		LA County Admits Number Of Registered Voters At 144% Of Resident Citizens Of Voting Age
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: The media should be covering this!! 		Amazing to see this movement continue to grow. Can’t wait to speak to all of them…
A very fair, accurate piece by ⁦@nytimes⁩ - thank you for the incredible coverage of #HSLS2018 !!		The movement is growing!! https://t.co/XKKNR2UA2H
RT @KyleKashuv: There really is no one like @charliekirk11. Blessed to call him a friend and partner. We will save western civilization.
Trump has accomplished more in one day of negotiations with the EU than 40 years of weakness and career politicians ever delivered
Trump just negotiated a trade deal that will deliver ZERO tariffs		Toughness and threat of retaliation can bring open and free markets. 		@realDonaldTrump has delivered a better deal than the weak leaders of the past
ICE should be outside all our polling places
Democrats have never—not once - been the party of Blacks 		Republicans freed the slaves, passed Black voting rights, Civil Rights &amp; constantly fight to get government out of the way of ALL Americans		Democrats continue to keep the black community dependent in exchange for votes
RT @RealCandaceO: College campuses have become islands of totalitarianism and fascism. Parents are effectively paying for their children to…
If socialism is the answer, why does it fail every single time it is tried? 		🤔
Facts:		Zero Republican Senators opposed the civil rights act of 1960		13 Democrats filibustered for 125 hours before voting against it to try and prevent blacks from voting
Over 800 high school students from 40 states here at @TPUSA conference		Lots of support for @realDonaldTrump and the FREEDOM AGENDA! 		The future belongs to these amazing young patriots and free thinkers!!		The movement is growing!!! https://t.co/BV5usigMGL
Amazing moment at our Turning Point USA HS leadership event today!   https://t.co/tDrqyCaNIR
I am much more concerned about the Marxists teaching our kids to hate America than Russian bots spreading nonsense on social media
New York Times:		North Korea has started dismantling a missile-engine test site, as President Trump said the North’s leader, Kim Jong-un, promised he would during their historic summit meeting in Singapore in June, according to an analysis of satellite imagery of the location
One day @nikkihaley will be President https://t.co/q4Nm56pvFN
International Monetary Fund:		Venezuela Inflation To Reach 1,000,000% By Year End		#SocialismSucks
Did you know:		Illegal immigrants in Los Angeles received 1.3 billion in welfare between 2015-2016
Highest homeless population in the United States:		New York City...76,501	Los Angeles...55,188	Seattle...11,643 	Washington D.C....7,473	San Jose...7,394	San Fransisco...6,858	Philadelphia...5,693		All have Democrat mayors, Democrat city councils, and all voted for Hillary by 80%
Nikki Haley is EVERYTHING the left pretends to stand for. A daughter of a immigrant, strong woman, mother, and fearless leader for human rights		Why does the left hate her so much? 		🤔 https://t.co/TGG9LMdlz8
Why does John Brennan still have his security clearance?
Why Republicans will retain the majority and @realDonaldTrump will get re-elected:		•Gillibrand, Warren, Sanders want to abolish ICE		•DNC's Ellison calling for open borders		•70+ House Ds form “Medicare for All Caucus”		•CA Dems endorsing progressive over Feinstein
Winning:		JUST IN: @realDonaldTrump approval rating in NBC/WSJ poll rose to highest mark since start of presidency		Donald Trump also most popular President within his own party excluding post 9/11 since WW2		#MAGA
Do you care what skin color your surgeon is?		Do you care what skin color your pilot is?		Do you care what skin color your firefighter is?		Of course not, you want someone experienced who will get the job done properly. 		Affirmative action rewards skin color over competency
If collusion truly existed Adam Schiff would have leaked it
We don’t deserve a President this strong. God bless @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/kq32HF5tBf
If a “fetus” is not a life, why is it that when a mother who is pregnant gets murdered they count the tragedy as two deaths not one?		🤔
Breaking: 		President Trump offered European nations and other countries a zero-tariff deal as a way out of an escalating trade war, but so far he has no takers despite a zero-tariff agreement signed last week between the EU and Japan		Europe doesn’t want free trade, Trump does!
The most murderous, hopeless, bankrupt, and ruined cities in America are all run by Democrats
RT @RealCandaceO: I have two sisters. We grew up in the same household and yet today we have different careers and varying incomes. 	 	The…
I remember getting this message from you! Has been such a blessing and joy seeing you grow as an activist, leader, &amp; organizer. U of Georgia is a better place thanks to YOU!		This is why we do what we do. I am so honored to have happy warrior soldiers on our team like you! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/dUyoYUIxHs
Every gun grabbing Democrat should be relieved of their armed bodyguards
.@realDonaldTrump economy strongest ever:		June: Jobless rate 18-yr low		June: Black Unemployment	2nd-lowest on record		June: Hispanic Unemployment record low		June: Manufacturing Jobs highest since ‘08		July 14: Jobless Claims 48+ yr low		May: Voluntarily Quits 17-yr high		#MAGA
Conservatives are thankful to live in America		Liberals are angry they live America
Democrats are the “pro-choice” party?		Except when it comes to healthcare, 2nd Amendment rights, fountain drinks, schools, lightbulbs, plastic bags, and cars
The Constitution is the greatest political document ever written		It puts power in the hands of the people, not in the hands of the powerful elites
Planned Parenthood has been caught:		Aiding and abetting sex traffickers		Selling body parts of aborted babies 		Covering up sexual abuse of minors 		Why are we still giving them $500 MILLION dollars in taxpayer money?
You want to see an American Ghetto?	I’ll show you somewhere a Democrat is in charge
Over 1,000 American Citizens will die this week due to the drugs pouring across our Southern border	We have to #BuildTheWall
Socialism is much more about hating the rich than helping the poor
If America was the racist, xenophobic, closed-minded, bigoted, selfish, unfair place leftists make it out to be why do millions of immigrants risk their lives to come here every day?	The boats from Cuba point towards Florida, not Venezuela
Why didn’t Obama do anything when he found out in September of 2016 that Russia was meddling in our elections?		🤔
Democrats are outraged that President Trump would dare question the intelligence community	Between Bob Mueller, James Comey, Corrupt Lovers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, and unhinged, communist loving John Brennan, can you blame him?
12 RUSSIANS were indicted for hacking the DNC’s emails and HILLARY’S servers under OBAMA’s watch…	And somehow this is TRUMP’S fault?		🤔
California has the 5th largest economy in the world yet leads the nation in poverty and homelessness		The left destroys everything it touches
Democrats lost their minds when President @realDonaldTrump met with Russia’s president 		You’d think he gave them 20% of America’s Uranium or something
We should judge policies and ideas based on results, not intentions
So Democrats are arguing that 12 Russians can influence an election but 25 million illegals can’t?		🤔
Only Democrats can go from screaming about foreign interference in our elections to suddenly defending illegals registering to vote all in the same day
Democrats:		A bunch of rich people convincing poor people to vote for rich people by telling poor people that other rich people are the reason they are poor
RT @RealCandaceO: This is awesome. It’s such a terrible time to be a @TPUSA hater. 	We have the best students, best conferences, best chapt…
Illegals should not be counted in the US census. This isn't controversial, this shouldn't even be up for discussion. 		If you are in the US illegally as a foreign national and have defied our laws, you don't warrant Congressional representation
It is important to remember that the loudest proponents of socialism aren’t currently in breadlines
Democrats new slogan is “for the people”		Which people?		The illegal immigrants you want to pander to in exchange for votes?		The MS-13 animals you sympathize with via your anti-ICE actions?		The middle class who benefited from a tax cut you called “crumbs”?		🤔
Typically anti-Trump international  diplomacy professor and renowned author, Angelo Codevilla  gives @realDonaldTrump an “A+” for performance in Helsinki with Putin  https://t.co/cdcpK64wlk
America is the only country in the world where even people who hate it refuse to leave
We used to be laughed at when we said illegals will soon be voting in California elections		It is now happening and will be the new normal		THIS is true foreign interference in our elections and democracy
Breaking: 		San Francisco began registering non-citizens, including illegal immigrants, to register to vote Monday in the November election for the city school board, reported The San Francisco Chronicle
I am much more worried about global government than global warming
Illegal Immigrant beheads beautiful 13 year old girl in Alabama:		“A 13-year-old Huntsville girl was beheaded after she witnessed her grandmother assaulted with a knife and left to die on the ground in a cemetery, court testimony revealed.”
RT @RealCandaceO: They are weakest group of people in the country, bar none. 		Fundamentally emotional over their perpetually wrong estimat…
The professional anti-Trump pundits have been wrong on every prediction for over three years running, and now we are supposed to listen to their "expert" advice on why Trump is betraying this country?		🤔
The greatest threat to America is from within		It is the rise of Marxism, the complacency of our citizens, schools not teaching our history, politicians recklessly spending money we don’t have, bureaucrats targeting political opponents, and a media that lies professionally
RT @ArthurSchwartz: FT “journalist” &amp; noted Trump hater lectures the President of the United States. This is why no one trusts the media —…
The very same people yelling loudest about how horrible dialogue with Russia is, are the ones who recklessly invaded Iraq, did nothing when Saudi pulled off 9/11, gave billions to Iran, and made a politically motivated withdrawal that created ISIS
“Open borders means crime” 		@realDonaldTrump on @TuckerCarlson perfectly articulating the need for strong borders		Build the wall, reduce crime!
Wait the media praised Obama after he handed over billions in cash to radical Iranian dictators but loses their mind when Trump has a meeting with Putin?		🤔
The left hates the idea there are other ideas
Facts:		Trump secured $45 billion in new funding to NATO ( Putin hates NATO)		Trump refuses to acknowledge the illegal annexation of Crimea		Trump armed Ukraine against Putin’s wishes		Trump has closed consulates and kicked Russian nationals out of America
Fact:		While Hillary was Secretary of State Bill Clinton gave a 30 minute speech in Russia and was paid $500,000 by a Russian state owned finance company
Mexico has done far more than Russia ever will to interfere and corrupt our elections
Democrats pretend to care about election integrity, yet when given the chance to remove dead people from the voter rolls they put up a huge fight and call it racist		🤔
The narrative is that Trump is a “traitor “for yesterday		No such words were used to describe Obama giving hundreds of millions in cash to Iran, or Hillary selling out our Uranium to Russia		Trump is a patriot, who sacrificed everything to save America		This is why they hate him
RT @parscale: As Dems and RINOs see their swamp grip on America fail they have moved to straight lies and fear mongering. Collusion is FAKE…
.@realDonaldTrump is a true American patriot		I’ve had enough of the anti-Trump Democrats &amp; the NeverTrump Republicans who pounce on him relentlessly and who wish him harm		Trump cares so deeply about our country, which is why we ran! 		I thank God he is our President
RT @RealCandaceO: I would like to meet @elonmusk and would appreciate everyone retweeting this to make it happen.		Elon, I’m fascinated by…
Nothing to see here https://t.co/xcqqWTjw9T
Audit the voter rolls, require voter ID, only US citizens can vote, and get rid of liberal funded voting machines		There, I fixed the threat of our elections being tampered with by Russia
China is a much bigger threat to America and the West than Russia		China is stronger, richer, and much more powerful		China executes sophisticated cyber attacks against America, steals our IP, and has a targeted military plan to expand their empire		China is not our friend
I am much more worried about FBI agents trying to undercut our country than Russian agents trying to hack our elections		Russians never pretended to love America or take an oath of service		The real threat to America is within!
“I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace, than risk peace in pursuit of politics” 		@realDonaldTrump today at Helsinki summit 		#MAGA
If socialists professors believed their own propaganda wouldn’t they teach for free?		🤔
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Is it as bad as an idea as invading Iraq, nation building for 16 years and nothing to show for it? Ask your brother Jeb…
If Trump cements peace with Russia, the Democrats will be upset we aren’t going to war		If Trump slaps sanctions on Russia, they will accuse him of being reckless and trying to start a war		Democrats just want to see Trump fail, they don’t want America to succeed
Instead of trying to find fake Russian collusion in the Trump campaign, I am disgusted our law enforcement refuses to investigate, prosecute, and convict Hillary for actual crimes and collusion which severely harmed our country
Media says Trump weak on Russia yet Trump:		Armed the citizens of Ukraine		Refuses to acknowledge Putin’s annexation of Crimea		Enacted air strikes (twice) in Syria against Russia’s threats		200 Russians died in Syria because of airstrikes		Put on heavier sanctions than Obama
RT @charliekirk11: Trump toughest on Russia since Reagan		Denounced annexation of Crimea (Obama didn’t)		Armed Ukrainian forces with deadly…
If the Democrats were truly concerned about Russia why did:		Hillary sell them our Uranium for cash		Obama promise more “flexibility” after the election		Obama do nothing after DNC was hacked		Obama mock Romney for calling Russia an enemy		🤔
RT @kimguilfoyle: Looking forward 👍🇺🇸! @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC  9 pm ET TONIGHT https://t.co/SGIgytwgVX
The foreign interference in  elections I am most worried about is the 20 million illegal aliens that might be given a chance to vote soon
RT @SaraCarterDC: It’s so true @charliekirk11 - I say it every time - we would have never known... https://t.co/amZ7fp6RCl
God bless you! It is because of activists like you we continue to fight and WIN on campus! 		@TPUSA is growing rapidly, and this is just the beginning. 		Get involved today! —&gt; https://t.co/b6R9mDeR2k https://t.co/wzGDO14puV
Remember, if @realDonaldTrump wouldn’t have won the election Strzok, Page, Comey, Lynch, and Obama would never have been revealed for approving, funding, and supporting the fake dossier - none of this would be public and the corruption would be ongoing
Making sure only US citizens can vote and requiring voter ID would be a good start https://t.co/AgySWkXFrw
If all this Russian meddling and interference was so bad, why didn’t the Obama administration do something about it when It happened under their watch?		🤔
Trump toughest on Russia since Reagan		Denounced annexation of Crimea (Obama didn’t)		Armed Ukrainian forces with deadly weaponry against Putin’s wishes		Syrian airstrikes killing 200 Russians with no apology issued		Dozens of brutal sanctions approved		Media won’t tell the truth
US Presidents hated by the British:		George Washington 		Thomas Jefferson		John Adams		James Monroe		Andrew Jackson		John Tyler		Zachary Taylor		Donald J Trump		He is in pretty good company
The average response time of a 911 call is 23 minutes		The average response time of a .357 is 1,400 feet per second
The left destroys everything it touches
Boom: 		US on pace to be number one exporter of crude oil, more than Saudi Arabia and Russia		Awesome news, the less dependent we are on Saudi (who financed and planned 9/11) and Russia (who tried to disrupt our elections) the better! 		#MAGA
Mission statement of Federalist Society: “Seek reform of current legal system in accordance of textualist interpretation” 		MS-13 slogan: “RAPE , STEAL , KILL” https://t.co/hYlGy4ia7V
HHS DATA: 1 in 5 alleged parents who came illegally with kids found unfit to be reunited with child		Real examples:		Wanted for murder in Guatemala		Child cruelty &amp; narcotics convictions		Wanted for human trafficking		2 DUI convictions		Outstanding criminal warrant in El Salvador
Just today ICE arrested 18 human traffickers, 117 illegals, and 8 MS-13 leaders		Democrats want to abolish ICE which would allow human traffickers and MS-13 criminal rapists run free
Sadiq Khan is trying to lecture the world on “free speech” while Tommy Robinson is locked in a London prison for speaking his mind
Freedom of speech isn’t just being able to say what you want to say, it also means at times hearing ideas you might not want to hear
This is so epic 		The greatest President of the 21st century sits in the chair of the greatest man of the 20th century https://t.co/ChlrVjSg9b
What the Left Has Attacked Brett Kavanaugh For:		-Loving Baseball 	-Having a first name	-Drinking beer from kegs	-Using credit cards 	-Coaching his daughter’s basketball team 	-Being Catholic 	-Living in a nice neighborhood		Basically, for being an American
Why is FBI Director Christopher Wray protecting Peter Strzok?
Did you know: you are 114 times more likely to be victim of an acid attack in London than a mass shooting in the US?
Facts: 		Murder rate surges 44% in London despite blanket gun ban and attempts to confiscate knives		You can try and ban weaponry but you cannot ban evil
BREAKING: 		Sen. Dianne Feinstein failed to disclose that her husband owned more than $100,000 in Facebook shares before Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified to the Senate in Apri
Democrats don’t believe in the rule of law - to them the FBI should be used as an instrument of power against Trump		They protect their soldiers, Page &amp; Strzok, at all costs, and wish they would have been successful		They want to destroy @realDonaldTrump no matter what it takes
The more the left attacks Kavanaugh the more I believe Trump made a terrific pick
Honored to have one of the strongest women leaders of our time, @nikkihaley address #HS2018 - what a blessing! https://t.co/LKgj4E7XBX
When Obama was President my love for America never faded, I love my country just as much today as I did back then		Democrats gauge their love of America based on who is President and who is in power		Love of country is beyond politics, but not to Democrats or leftists
I am now convinced that Democrats are not upset Strzok did what he did, they are upset he got caught, and they are even more upset he wasn't successful in preventing Trump from becoming President. 		Pure evil,
Strzok is just one agent, but there are TENS OF THOUSANDS of politically driven, deep state illegal operators that hate this country &amp; conservatives		They are the ones that send you audits, fees, fines, &amp; target YOU		After this, just imagine how many more there are like Strzok
Questions for criminal Peter Strzok: 		When did you learn who funded the FAKE dossier that allowed the FISA warrant to be obtained?		Were you asked by the judge or his team about who funded the memo?		What other actions were taken in regards to the surveillance of Trump tower?
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Weird, 7 months isn’t enough time to prep? Strange how the people they all targeted were fine with testifying before th…
Peter Strzok should be in prison, alongside his criminal lover Lisa Page		They colluded together to try and prevent Trump from being President		Fire them, eliminate their pension, and put them both in prison		No one is above the law
Why do you refuse to have a filmed conversation with @KyleKashuv ?		I know for certain you are afraid your logical fallacies, fake statistics, horrific arguments, and lack of logic will crumble as Kyle picks apart your fake and disingenuous efforts		What are you afraid of? https://t.co/20DXAzeEwR
If Trump was truly weak on Russia, why is he trying to get NATO, an organization Putin hates, more funding and more military commitment?		🤔
Lisa Page illegally used her powers at the FBI to try &amp; prevent Trump from becoming President, and now is illegally defying a congressional subpoena		Meanwhile, a true patriot @DonaldJTrumpJr, had to testify 25 HOURS for a 20 min meeting that resulted in NOTHING! 		A disgrace
Admission to college should be based on merit, intellect, leadership, accomplishment, and grades - NOT skin color		Affirmative action is racist
Did you know: 		Co2 emissions just hit a 67 year low in US as rest of world rises		Clean burning natural gas and domestic energy exploration has resulted in everything the environmentalists pretend to care about		#MAGA
If Democrats were truly concerned about foreign interference in our elections, wouldn’t they want photo ID and citizenship checks for all voters?		🤔
Congress is putting much more focus, attention, and funding towards illegals than our veterans 		Disgraceful. https://t.co/P6ponXui0F
Would have been very easy for @VP to say the politically correct thing and dodge the question 		This takes courage, principle, conviction, and a commitment to stand for truth		America is so lucky to have Pence honorably serving as Vice President. God bless him https://t.co/Z8pDyuCAXN
Defense Expenditures of NATO Countries estimated share of GDP in 2017:		US: 3.6%	France: 1.8%	Norway: 1.6%	Portugal: 1.3%	Germany: 1.2%	Netherlands: 1.2%	Denmark: 1.2%	Czech Republic: 1.1%	Hungary: 1.1%	Italy: 1.1%	Czech Republic: 1.1%	Hungary: 1.1%	Spain:  .9%	Belgium: .9%
The left is complaining there are too many white men on the Supreme Court, yet the person they hate the most and treated most despicably is the great Clarence Thomas		🤔
Roe v Wade was a horrific act of judicial activism		Repealing it has nothing to do with religion &amp; everything to do with science		A baby in a womb is not a “clump of cell” it is a unique pattern of DNA formed only once to never be replicated again		Abortion stops a beating heart
Kavanaugh - 		Marxists hate him 		Atheists hate him		Gun grabbers hate him		Globalists hate him		Anti-Americans hate him		Social Justice Warriors hate him		Bernie Sanders hates him		Democrats hate him		Hillary hates him		Feminists hate him		He must be more awesome than I realized
Thank you Greta for shining an important light on the crisis happening in Bangladesh		However, until fair elections are restored and the current corrupt government is removed, this issue will only get much much worse. https://t.co/FT7V7JwqjL
This is the best statement on immigration a US president has given in my lifetime:		“Don't come to our country illegally. Come like other people do—come legally. I'm saying this very simply: We have laws, we have borders. Don't come to our country illegally.”		#MAGA
RT @RealCandaceO: Angela. I have double your following and triple your IQ— don’t act cute for twitter. 	You also declined to debate me when…
Did you know		Chicago has a 83% unresolved murder rate		In 2017, the police solved 114 of the 650 murders that occurred in that same year — just 17.5 percent, according to a Chicago Sun-Times analysis of police data		If you commit murder in Chicago, you will most likely walk free
I love seeing @realDonaldTrump on the world stage put these weak globalists in their place		America is the strongest, most powerful, generous, excellent, benevolent, caring, compassionate, creative, &amp; greatest country ever to exist		Europe is free today thanks to America 		Pay up
Issue an order of Contempt of Congress and arrest Lisa Page		If I dared defy a Congressional subpoena I would be arrested and charged		No one is above the law - find her and make her testify		Justice transcends politics. Arrest her immediately
If you think your life sucks, just imagine being a Democrat - your spokesperson rotates between a 28 year old socialist, a low IQ con artist, a Marxist who honeymooned in the Soviet Union, a criminal who lost the most winnable election of our lifetime, and a fake Native American
If you are studying lesbian feminist dance theory don’t complain you can’t find a job
It is incredible how quick Democrats can shift from pretending to care about kids being separated from their parents, to being upset they might not be allowed to terminate kids in the womb
If I was a Democrat and I lost a very winnable election after being guaranteed victory, saw Trump succeeding on every front, know the Supreme Court will tilt conservative for the next 30 yrs, and hold fewer seats than anytime since the 1920’s I would be protesting &amp; screaming too
You never tweet or mention the millions of babies separated from their mother’s womb each year		🤔 https://t.co/upjt2QQR4q
Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, college in CA issued a “diversity” report saying they want less white people attend: 		“In 2011, the campus was 63 percent Caucasian,” the May 2 report informs readers, “in fall of 2017, it was less than 55 percent, but there is still much work to do.”
Did you know: 		U.S. has 3.5 Million more registered voters than living adults		Voter fraud is real.
Chicago gun statistics so far in 2018, with strictest gun laws in the US: 		Shot &amp; Killed: 226	Shot &amp; Wounded: 1,236	Total Shot: 1,462	Total Homicides: 277		Gun control means only the criminals have guns, and the citizens have no control
Hey Liberals: 		If you need violence to draw attention to your ideas, then your ideas are worthless.
Trump is the first President in history to get attacked for fulfilling his promises and for doing exactly what he said he was going to do
America won tonight 		Independent study of ideology based on major rulings on spectrum of issues		Kavanaugh scores better and stronger than Gorsuch and more conservative than all except the great Clarence Thomas		Thank you @realDonaldTrump for keeping your word! 		#MAGA https://t.co/q3IkI6WHIo
I love watching MSNBC on nights like this
Kavanaugh was not my first or second pick, but he’s a hell of a lot better than anyone Hillary would have selected 		Let’s get him confirmed!
Nights like this make me so thankful to have @realDonaldTrump as President
There are only two genders		We have entered dangerous territory where science, biology, and facts no longer matter		The left seems perfectly happy to have young boys go into girls locker rooms		Check out this exchange that happened at Stanford		We cannot let the Marxists win		RT! https://t.co/DoEcVFKKGf
Breaking: 		ISIS main stronghold in Afghanistan was captured by US forces killing over 170 ISIS terrorists fighters		The prolonged assault resulted in ZERO American deaths according to military officials
RT @RealCandaceO: This seems like a long-winded way to admit that you don’t possess the intellect to back up your assertions. 		This seems…
Illegal immigrants already have the right to vote:		In their home country, where they left and then broke our laws to come here. 		We should be deporting criminal illegals, not even entertaining giving them the right to vote
An armed man is a citizen 		A disarmed man is a subject
Number of judges appointed: 		Donald Trump - 42 		Hillary Clinton - 0
Today is a great day because Hillary Clinton will not be making her Supreme Court choice today at 9PM
Liberals would rather see the rich get poor, than the poor get rich
The Democrats pretend Republicans are the party of the rich, yet Hillary won 70% of the wealthiest counties in America
Did you know		China forces US business to enter joint ventures with state run companies &amp; hand over proprietary info		China then steals the info, copies the product to sell it back to us		Intellectual property accounts for 40% of the US economy, of which China is robbing us blind
In just 500 days @realDonaldTrump 		Cut $2,000 of average taxes per family		Lowered tax for business from 35% to 21%		Confirmed 21 New Circuit Court Judges		Repealed the Obamacare Individual Mandate		Repealed IPAB: Obamacare’s Death Panel		Made US energy independent		#MAGA
The Bible is the most powerful, significant, and important book of all time		66 books, 40 authors, and 5,000 years of history		Four direct accounts of the most influential person ever to live		Answers to every challenge you will face		So why don’t we teach it in our schools? 		🤔
Diane Feinstein challenges and questions Amy Barrett's ability to serve as a judge because she is a devout Catholic		Think for a second the media uproar if a Republican dared say that about a Muslim judge that was up for nomination
The left has an unending supply of ideas that keep poor people poor and minorities dependent on government in exchange for votes
Harvard celebrates “diversity” by having a “black only” graduation ceremony		Having a ceremony where everyone is the same skin color isn’t diverse, it is racist		Imagine if there was a “white only” graduation ceremony. I would oppose it for the same reasons, it is racist
If Elizabeth Warren is truly a Native American, wouldn’t she want to take the DNA test to prove she really is an American Indian? 		🤔
China is not our friend		We recklessly gave them access to valuable IP, sent millions of jobs overseas, allowed them to buy our debt, and did nothing as they built a global military force		And somehow it’s @realDonaldTrump fault for rebalancing the mistakes of the past? 		🤔
The leading causes of death in the United States:		Abortion 	Heart Disease 	Cancer	Respiratory Disease 	Car Accidents	Stroke	Alzheimer’s 	Diabetes	Influenza and Pneumonia	Kidney Disease 		...Notice that guns are not on that list		🤔
Facts		Roe vs Wade was judicial activism, imposing new law without Congress 		Was decided without knowledge of: 		Heartbeat at 6 weeks, unique DNA of baby, or modern science/ ultrasound		There have been 60 million abortions (lives lost) since 1973		Abortion stops a beating heart
Trump sacrificed his wealth for his country 		Hillary sacrificed our country for her wealth
Can’t forget Bezos sale of all @amazon cloud tech to Chinese company run by PLA officers		Same tech they sold to US Intel Community for billions and now want to sell to Department of Defense!		Why are we letting Amazon endanger America, all while funding the Washington Post? 		🤔 https://t.co/5lo8CsL1rZ
China has been stealing our IP &amp; copying our tech for years		China has a 100 year “master plan” which includes the destruction of America		@realDonaldTrump understands the power the US still holds		China stock market is down 17% just this year thanks to our tariffs		US is booming
Why don’t the wealthy countries in the Middle East, like Saudi Arabia, UAE, Kuwait, or Bahrain take in all these refugees and migrants instead of sending them to Europe?		🤔
China’s goal is the total and complete destruction of America		China will be the great enemy of America for the next 100 years		Either we fight a ruthless economic battle now, or we watch them become a global superpower poised to destroy the west		Bring them to their knees.
Did you know:		In 2017 ICE made 4,818 gang arrests (796 were MS 13 animals) 		They bust dozens of child sex trafficking rings a year 		Democrats want to abolish the rule or law and those who enforce it. They prefer anarchy to protect illegals than law and order
Since America is such a oppressive, racist, and bigoted country shouldn’t we be warning immigrants not to come here?		🤔
Paul Manafort, who didn’t collude with Russia, is being kept in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day		Remember, he hasn’t been tried or convicted yet		This is a sick &amp; masochistic attempt by Mueller to punish everyone close to @realDonaldTrump		End this baseless investigation!
Iranian harassment of U.S. warships:		2015: 22	2016: 36	2017: 14	This year: 0		Source: U.S. Navy		Our enemies fear us, our allies respect us, and the world knows America is back
An immigrant is someone who follows the law, waits their turn, and enters following our process		An illegal alien is not an immigrant. They broke the law, cut in line, and defied our laws 		Don’t reward illegal alien lawbreaking by labeling them “immigrants”
Did you know		90% of all heroin in US flows through the southern border		Millions of guns illegally pass via the border		15,000 kids are Sex trafficked each year		Thousands of MS13 animals pass with no opposition		Illegals are twice as likely to commit crimes		Build. The. Wall https://t.co/QVnEFp2r7Z
Obama lied to us eloquently 		Trump tells us hard truths directly 		I prefer brutal honesty than carefully crafted lies
Every crime an illegal commits is a preventable crime 		How many more tens of thousands of assaults, countless murders, &amp; crimes do we have to put up with?		Congress, is the cheap labor really worth this toll on society?		Democrats, are the votes worth the carnage?
Mueller’s investigation is said to be widening		I wonder if he will go after Hillary for selling our uranium to Russia in exchange for cash		Will he go after the DNC &amp; Hillary for funding a fake dossier against Trump?		Mueller’s witch hunt against @realDonaldTrump must be ended!
Zero tolerance policy working: 		Apprehensions and inadmissibles 		May: 51,905 (before zero tolerance) 		June: 42,565		Lowest in 9 months. Tough border policy is working!
RT @kimguilfoyle: Thanks @charliekirk11 for standing up for the TRUTH. These smear merchants and liars must be exposed. https://t.co/fHJ5r5…
President Trump donated his entire salary		President Obama donated zero		President Trump’s net worth went down since announcing his run 		Obama has made tens of millions since leaving office		Melania works with a staff of 4		Michelle worked with a staff of 24
I was there with @kimGuilfoyle		She waited for over an hour to take pics for adoring fans		Now you run a BS story trying to attack her bc she took a pic with someone she didn't know		This is why no one trusts you - she can't run background checks on everyone that comes up to her https://t.co/BaDE1CPW6q
Did you know: 		Illegals were responsible for 48,000 assault offenses in 2017
Trump should immediately sign an executive order making Congress no longer exempt from Obamacare		Congress should live under the same laws as the people they serve
Obama called me a "clinger" 		Terrorists call me an "infidel" 		Hillary called me a "deplorable" 		Trump calls me an American
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Nothing screams Democrat resistance as much as protesting ICE while they raid and break up a Child Sex Trafficking ring…
Liberal paradise:		San Francisco logs over 16,000 feces complaints in ONE WEEK 		The left destroys everything it touches
Give it a few hours, but by Monday the top story will be fallacious &amp; BS stories attacking Bill Shine		He is super smart, hardworking, understands messaging, and loyal to @POTUS 		@realDonaldTrump will benefit tremendously with him in the White House - big win!
Hey @craigmelvin you asked @RealCandaceO about what poll shows black support for Trump and questioned the legitimacy of the statement		So here you go —&gt; 		https://t.co/517f48FqkB
Fact: 		Obama admin placed thousands of kids with child sex traffickers, and the media was silent. There were no protests or opposition 		The left doesn’t care about these kids, they just hate Trump
Why do we protect our banks, finance buildings, sporting events, airports, luxury hotels, retirement communities, government buildings, and the halls of Congress with armed guards but not our schools? 		What could be more important than protecting our defenseless kids at school? https://t.co/waWF0OT7vV
Animals: 		National manhunt for three illegal aliens accused of kidnapping, raping teen sisters, ages 13 and 14 in Ohio		They should have never been in America. 		Build a wall, deport illegals, reduce crime.
Trump has already been a much more effective President for black America than Obama was in all 8 years of his destructive Presidency
RT @SebGorka: Looking forward to it!		@TPUSA and @charliekirk11’s team are taking back our Republic one decisive step at a time. https://t.…
74% of Republicans are extremely proud to be American 		32% of Democrats are extremely proud to be American 		Our divide is no longer Republicans VS Democrat		It is whether you love this country or hate it
I am so thankful to be an American and to have @realDonaldTrump as President 		We have a fighter, patriot, and visionary defending the greatest nation ever to exist 		He will go down as one of the most successful Presidents of all time 		And he is just getting started 		#MAGA
Excited to announce @kimguilfoyle as a CONFIRMED speaker at our high school summit! Apply NOW -&gt; 		https://t.co/X7X0cMMw3g 		Also vote for her on this poll, she is def #1  —&gt; 		https://t.co/rW9KmBekXy https://t.co/Rq7QMdCRSA
Fun to see all these anti gun people celebrate a day won by armed citizens 		🇺🇸
Ages of founding fathers when they rebelled against the greatest superpower known to man: 		James Monroe - 18	Alexander Hamilton - 21	Betsy Ross - 24	George Walton - 27	John Paul Jones - 28	John Jay - 30	Abigail Adams - 31	Thomas Jefferson - 33	John Penn - 35		And they won		🇺🇸
The founding fathers were the first political victors to voluntarily give up their power after winning a war		They could have created a Washingtonian, Hamiltonian, and Franklin ruling class		Instead they changed world history, won the war, and gave power back to the people
Black approval of @realDonaldTrump is at 16%, highest for a Republican since 1972 &amp; will only continue to go up from here		The defection from the Democrat party is only beginning. They have wreaked havoc, lied to, &amp; destroyed the black family for too long		Happy Independence Day!
We are the luckiest people ever to live in the greatest country ever to exist, with the greatest President, at the most consequential time 		A blessing to be alive, I thank God I am an American, what a gift!
The left insists all cultures are equal, but are unable and unwilling to ever explain why certain cultures continue to succeed so much more than others
Since Trump was inaugurated Rand Paul has been shot at, mauled and hospitalized, and had his family threatened by a liberal who wanted to murder him with an axe 		The peaceful and tolerant left seems to be continually resorting to violence 		🤔
If liberals don’t recognize biological gender why do they protest for women’a rights? 		🤔
The left says they want blacks represented everywhere but for some reason are always really bothered by black conservatives
Trump to end Obama era guidances for colleges that directed the use of race as a primary component for college admission		The left is obsessed with race. Instead of test scores and grades, Obama preferred racial quotas as guidelines		We shouldn’t judge people by their skin color!
Shocking: 		83% , 10 out of 12, of all rapes in Denmark are committed by migrants or their descendants
Liberals seem upset ICE is arresting MS-13 animals but were perfectly fine when the IRS was targeting churches and conservatives
RT @KyleKashuv: My mentor and friend @charliekirk11 will be at the whole #HSLS2018 and will be taking dozens of questions from the audience…
Did you know: 		Families don’t get separated when they come into America legally
White privilege is a lie 		Our college are peddling a racist narrative that white people are to blame for our troubles in America 		This divisive, racist, and corrosive ideology is encapsulated in this conversation with a social justice activist 		A must watch! 		RT! https://t.co/2GDRTMeW4z
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Sniffing Bull https://t.co/2F2qw7Gjkx
If you think Mexico is a mess now, the suffering and pain is only beginning 		Marxism destroys everything it touches. Violence will increase, poverty will skyrocket, and millions will flee north to our border 		We need to build the wall.
If you think the left hates Trump now, just wait till he gets 3 more Supreme Court picks over the next 6 years 		We will overturn the moral travesty of Roe VS Wade, bring back the rule of law, and reestablish America as a beacon of freedom https://t.co/jYQ33sZC8Q
Breaking: 		Capitol police just arrested a man who wanted to kill Rand Paul and “chop his family with an axe” 		Maxine, if anything happens to these Republicans, it’s on you
Stunning: 		Obama administration granted citizenship to 2,500 Iranians during nuclear deal
America is exceptional		America is the greatest, strongest, richest, most generous, benevolent, country ever to exist 		All men are created equal in the image of God		But all cultures and countries are not equal. Some ideas, countries, and cultures are better than others
According to the German Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs: 		By the end of 2017 84% of the 700,000 Syrian migrants in Germany were unemployed and living off government benefits
Hey @Ocasio2018 you seem like you have no idea what you are talking about so you will fit in great as a house democrat		We are both in our 20’s with two radically different views on how America should proceed, let’s have a chat, filmed preferably?		Let the best ideas win!
Wait, since Mexico just elected a socialist, why would anyone want to leave? 		Isn’t socialism supposed to be better?		🤔
Calling illegal border crossers “immigrants” is an insult to the millions of LEGAL immigrants who wait their turn, fill out the paperwork, follow our laws, and come here the right way
There are 3.6 million black kids living in poverty in America		Why do Democrats choose to put illegal aliens first? 		🤔
Did you know: 		Mexico deported 82,000 illegal immigrants last year
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake 		Sun Tzu, The Art of War 		Please continue, Democrats. We won’t stop you
RT @RealCandaceO: LOL these are my favorite kinds of videos. At the root of all of these “protests” is a senseless and blind hatred for Don…
Democrats don’t solve problems they exploit them
Yesterday I decided to go see what these protests were all about 		These protests weren’t about helping kids. This is about hating America and hating Trump 		I’ve never seen a group of people with so much love for MS-13, ISIS, and law breaking illegals 		Must watch!!		RT! https://t.co/GpHaXoFfME
Department of Justice: 		24 illegal immigrant MS-13 members facing federal indictment for violent racketeering, murder, and money laundering
Instead of blaming the law enforcement agencies, ICE or Border Patrol, why not blame the parents for actually breaking the law? 		🤔
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: “These protests were much more about hating Trump than actually helping children.” https://t.co/kBXrChUZ9L
These illegal immigrant protests are much more about hating Trump than actually helping children
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "A primary component of implementing fascist policies would be, let's say, gun confiscation. You have a presi…
Did you know: 		There are 2.7 million children with a parent in prison 		400,000 kids in foster care 		But somehow all our focus is on 2,000 illegal immigrants who broke our laws and who got separated from their kids temporarily?		🤔
RT @JudgeJeanine: Time to discuss the most outrageous comments of the week. I was joined by founder of Turning Point USA, @charliekirk11 on…
You rip thousands of children from their mother’s womb every day 		#FamiliesBelongTogether https://t.co/899SJ8qg4V
America is a nation of LEGAL immigrants		However If you illegally enter America knowing you are breaking the law, stay without a visa, illegally steal social security numbers, don’t pay taxes, don’t obey the law, cut in line, &amp; lie about your status, don’t expect sympathy from me
Love this 		@RealCandaceO is leading the charge for the defection against the Democrats 		#WalkAway https://t.co/2tOO0xN2p2
Today I confronted pro-illegal alien protests with facts		The amount of misinformation and hatred towards America is stunning 		Video dropping soon https://t.co/OJuQK5xjnL
Liberals can’t decide whether to protest kids in cages or the right to kill them in the womb
Obama had kids in cages for years and the left didn’t protest 		They don’t care about these kids, they just hate Trump		This is their new excuse to protest and oppose a duly elected successful President
Liberals never march when kids are killed by illegals		Liberals never march when vets can’t find work		Liberals never march when MS-13 wreaks havoc on families		Liberals never march against Democrat controlled cities that are full of crime &amp; drugs		Yet they march for illegals		🤔
Did you know: 		New York operation of ICE leads to arrests of 3 dozen Darknet vendors selling illicit goods, weapons, drugs seized and more than $23.6 million 		ICE saves lives
Sneaking into a country doesn’t make you an “immigrant” any more than breaking into a house makes you “part of the family”
Democrats now want to abolish ICE		Did you know, ICE has been instrumental in arresting, convicting, &amp; deporting child sex traffickers?		Democrats care much more about foreign nationals illegally in America than they do US citizens
The Marxists have taken over the Democrat party 		They do not want borders, immigration enforcement, or protection of American citizen status		The Democrat party of old is dead		These Democrats hate the idea of America, freedom, and our way of life		We must defeat them
Nation’s largest and most powerful teacher union has already cut its budget by $50 million and anticipates 300,000 less members		The cartel is shrinking. Poor students will again have opportunity as the mob bosses lose their power!		Thank you for Gorsuch @realDonaldTrump 		#MAGA
Teen suspects in Maryland MS-13 murder are unaccompanied minors from El Salvador who brutally stabbed beautiful 19 year old to death 		They should never have been in America. They should be deported 		Deport illegals, build the wall, secure America
Since Trump was inaugurated		A liberal shot Steve Scalise		A liberal assaulted &amp; mauled Rand Paul		A liberal berated &amp; kicked Sarah Sanders with her kids out of a restaurant		There is a growing sense of retaliation against conservatives in America all encouraged by Maxine Waters
To be ideologically consistent will the gun grabbers and Democrats call for a shotgun ban? 		More deaths occur with shotguns than AR-15’s , will the anti-gun left finally admit they want all guns banned? 		🤔
Colleges are more determined to help illegal aliens than protect conservatives right to free speech on campus
Did you know: 		According to Pew research 7/10 Americans think social media companies are censoring political opinions and opposing viewpoints
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: Left's Growing Socialist Movement Is More About Hating the Rich Than Helping the Poor https://t.co/kvtXr1R3Fu…
In Venezuela minimum wage workers can afford 5 cups of coffee a month and nothing else 		This is the ideology the Democrats are bringing to America 		Socialism destroys, kills, and ruins 		#SocialismSucks
So the Democrats solution to losing middle America is to now embrace outward Marxists who don’t believe in borders, the constitution, or America 		The Democrats should be labeled “Marxists” 		Make them denounce the most influential thinker on the left		They won’t
One of the most underreported successes of the Trump admin. has been the successful crackdown of human trafficking led by @IvankaTrump		Thousands of these detestable criminals have been arrested &amp; countless lives saved		May these criminals never see the light of day again
There is a reason why we separate kids from the people they come across with at the border:		Child sex trafficking		Adults will pose &amp; pretend to be their parents in order to get them  across the border, then sell them to a sex trafficking ring		A sick and common practice
Did you know: 		84% of the public support turning illegals over to ICE officials
Hey, Roe VS Wade, we are coming for you 		#SCOTUS
RT @RealCandaceO: LOL. Because liberals aren’t smart enough to realize that America is a nation of immigrants. LEGAL immigrants—who are rig…
BOOM: 		The National Education Association, the largest and most powerful Democrat machine/ teacher union cartel, has already cut their budget by $50 million dollars next year after yesterday’s ruling 		America is becoming a better place every single day, thanks to Trump 		#MAGA
Harvard/Harris Poll: 		Trump’s approval among Hispanics skyrockets 10 points after heated immigration battle
Did you know: 		The cost of a single cup of coffee in Venezuela just hit one million bolivars 		#SocialismSucks
Planned Parenthood terminates 321,000 lives a year 		Why are they getting 500 million dollars a year in taxpayer funding? 		🤔
If you think liberals hate Trump now, just wait till he installs another 3 Supreme Court justices
Trump, the candidate we were told was not going to be a conservative, has done more for the advancement of conservative ideas and principles than any other President in the last century 		And it’s only been a little over 500 days
Liberals suddenly stopped caring about kids at the border as soon as that Supreme Court seat opened up
Bad news for Democrats: 		-Ruth Bader Ginsburg, 85	-Stephen Breyer, 79		The two oldest judges on the bench are radical liberals 		With 6 more years of Trump he has a chance to replace more than half the court with strong constitutionalists
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: This is what happens when people like Congresswoman Waters and Senator Booker incite and encourage hate. Others will th…
Jared Kushner is  @realDonaldTrump’s secret weapon		He is brilliant, a deep thinker, effective operator, &amp; extremely creative problem solver		From prison reform, to securing the FIFA/Olympic bids, massive tax cuts, and modernizing government he is making America great every day! https://t.co/mENVnkBdGC
Senator Mike Lee for the Supreme Court
Rough week for Democrats: 		Lost every major Supreme Court decision		Loses Kennedy who was a swing voter and supported gay marriage decision		Maxine Waters calls for civil unrest		Lost high ranking Dem. to socialist in NY		Trump approval at all time high 		And it’s only Wednesday
Don’t throw rocks at the top of the building, fix the elevator 		Instead of demonizing successful people, focus on upward mobility and creating a system where people can make good choices and succeed
Kennedy retiring means trouble for Democrats at the midterms		Blue wave will turn to a red wave		An open SCOTUS seat will drive turnout in socially &amp; culturally conservative states like North Dakota, MO, IN, Montana, and WV 		All have incumbent Democrats who voted against Gorusch
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for inviting and engaging with over 100 student body leaders from across the country - powerful room! 		Humbled by the kind words by the greatest President of our lifetime 		@POTUS and his administration spends his valuable time engaging our generation! https://t.co/AIUJXSddIj
Michael Bloomberg is spending $80 million dollars to influence and win the midterms for the Democrats 		Yet he accuses the NRA of buying politicians? 		🤔
BOOM: Supreme Court delivers death blow to public sector unions 		The mob bosses and teacher union cartel leaders have just lost hundreds of millions of dollars of political money 		This is thanks to @realDonaldTrump nominating Gorsuch 		Free speech win!
Steve Scalise was shot and Rand Paul was mugged by leftist radicals who felt inspired to take violence to Republicans  		Maxine Water is inciting violence against Trump supporters, and the media seems perfectly fine with it
Sarah Sanders will be the first Press Secretary to ever get secret service protection 		The left is inciting mobs and hatred against Trump officials 		They want civil unrest. They are encouraging chaos
Did you know: 		Robert Mueller prevented 9/11 families from suing Saudi Arabia for damages? 		Saudi knew about 9/11 before it happened, financed it, lied about it, and failed to cover it up 		Why did Robert Mueller prevent 9/11 victims families from suing them? 		🤔
The same liberals demanding a baker make a cake for a gay couple against his religious views are also cheering a restaurant owner for kicking Sarah Sanders out of a restaurant
A word of thanks is in order to Mitch McConnell		Why?		He held the line after the death of Scalia 		He could have easily capitulated to Obama &amp; put a vote behind Garland 		He stood his ground &amp; now we have Gorsuch		Thank you Mitch, these positive rulings are largely thanks to you
Did you know: 		About 3.5% of the population in the United States are illegal immigrants and they commit 37% of the homicides
This is the Broward Sheriff just months after kids were slaughtered in Parkland, FL showing off their new paint job 		The cowards of Broward have been left in place despite over 70 warnings that maniac was going to shoot up their school		Yet the left continues to blame the NRA https://t.co/kNe0XJM37M
Pew Poll: 		Democrats are about twice as likely as Republicans to have received food stamps at some point in their lives
Travel ban upheld! 		Big win for safety, rule of law, and America		People from countries that hate us should have to undergo extra vetting and scrutiny 		Trump proven correct, again! 		#MAGA
Why is bacteria considered life on Mars but a heartbeat is not considered life on earth? 		🤔
If a Republican said what Maxine Waters said, they would have been forced to resign by now.
RT @KyleKashuv: Thank you @charliekirk11 for being a great mentor 🙏🙏. We're going to do great things at @TPUSA! 		KASHUV: We Are At A Polit…
If Democrats for one moment thought that illegals would be voting Republican you’d be able to see the border wall from space
RT @w_terrence: I met @charliekirk11 this weekend &amp; he has one of the happiest spirits in the world. When he talks about America you can fe…
The Republican Party: 		Freed the slaves 		Ended Segregation 		Passed the Civil Rights Act 		Deployed the 101st airborne to end school segregation 		The Democrats: 		Fought for slavery		Founded the KKK		Filibustered to kill the Civil Rights Act 		Know your history, free your mind
If walls don’t work, why do so many elite liberals and Democrat politicians live in gated communities? 		🤔
Did you know: 		52% of border patrol agents are Hispanic
Did you know:		Obama separated 72,410 children from their illegal immigrant parents in 2013
If you receive government benefits you should be required to show photo ID, pass a drug test, and do some form of work or community service 		No more free loading at the taxpayer expense
Border patrol and ICE agents are modern day heroes
11 MS-13 animals were just charged with the kidnapping and murder of 2 beautiful American teens 		Build the wall, deport illegals, reduce crime
Red Hen restaurant on YELP! has 13,700 negative reviews with a average rating of 2 stars		Would be a shame if another 100,000 reviews would be added		🤔		This is the market at work. Don’t force someone to serve another person, but if you refuse, you must accept the consequences
Did you know:		Maxine Waters doesn't even live in her congressional district	Maxine Waters lives in a 7 million dollar home	Maxine Waters employs her daughter for $100K year via her campaign	Maxine Waters district is one of the poorest in America		She is a fraud, and has a low IQ
Red Hen absolutely had the right to intolerantly refuse service to Sarah Sanders 		We also have the right to never eat there, advertise their bigotry, and make sure everyone knows their owner is a backwards thinking intolerant leftist who is afraid of opposing ideas
Unlike most Democrats who comment on the border, I’ve actually visited it firsthand		This is a must watch clip of my time spent with a border agent		He explains and add details to the child border crisis that everyone needs to hear		We need a wall. Support @realDonaldTrump ! https://t.co/GIe8p4VPYR
We should be deporting illegals, not giving them amnesty
RT @VibeHi: . @charliekirk11 here https://t.co/MKxKTzNre5
Illegals should not be counted in the census		Basic projections show that California gets an extra 9 electoral votes because of counting illegals 		This disenfranchises Montana, Wyoming, and North Dakota, COMBINED! 		This is true foreign interference in our election
Liberals two weeks ago: A Christian must be forced to bake a cake against his beliefs and will! 		Liberals today: A restaurant owner is totally allowed to kick out Sarah Sanders because the owner can’t be forced to serve someone he disagrees with or go against his beliefs! 		🤔
Did you know:		Border patrol just arrested an Iranian national at the border who also had two cell phones and currency from six other countries		Border patrol says this is becoming so common it happens daily		What’s to prevent lone wolf ISIS terrorists walking across the border?
There is nothing compassionate about open borders 		98% of all heroin comes across the border 		12,000 kids are sex trafficked across the border each year 		Illegals cost the US taxpayer 120 billion a year 		Open border are immoral, inhumane, and are aimed to demolish our country https://t.co/CxOx2QvyyQ
Liberals are the most intolerant people all while pretending to preach tolerance
The left leads us to believe they speak “truth to power” when in reality they just speak lies to attain power
The left needs people to need them 		Their goal is to get as many people signed up for government benefits and keep them dependent forever 		Giving them just enough to survive, but never enough to break out of poverty 		The Democrats are great at keeping poor people poor
Barack Obama in 2005: 		“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked, and circumventing the line of people who are waiting patiently, diligently, and lawfully to become immigrants to this country”
RT @parscale: Dear Media,		You dream of being Woodward and Bernstein		You act more like Glass		You act like victims when your click-bait an…
Could you imagine a republican restaurant owner telling Josh Earnest or Robert Gibbs to leave a restaurant because they worked for Obama?		It would be national news, a lawsuit would be filed, demonstrations would ensue, &amp; a mob would be forming to boycott and destroy their lives
Gallup poll: 		Satisfaction with country higher than any point during Obama presidency		#MAGA
RT @TheOfficerTatum: Today we are bringing together some of the most influential black leaders from around the country. The world has never…
Why is the media totally silent on the utter elimination of ISIS? 		Bush’s foolish war and Obama’s senseless withdrawal from Iraq created ISIS 		Trump has destroyed ISIS, and the media refuses to talk about the removal of this great evil.
Europe is in serious trouble 		They have embraced failed socialist programs alongside dangerous culturally Marxist social engineering 		Even worse they are now embracing tens of millions of migrants from countries that do not understand or want to assimilate to the west
Did you know: 		There were 2,890 murders in May in Mexico, roughly 93 per day. 		Mexico also has some of the strictest gun laws in the world. 		When you take away guns, only the bad guys get them, and the cartels end up running the country		Criminals love gun control
We love America, and we love our great President @realdonaldtrump 		#MAGA https://t.co/inqF9J5a3Q
Angel Mom says Trump saved her from suicide:		“I was gonna end my life - I had no purpose. But President Trump coming down that escalator that day and talking about illegal immigration stopped me in my tracks.”		#MAGA
The more a society drifts away from the truth, the more it will hate those that speak it
If a fetus is not a human being how are you able to harvest human organs from it?		🤔
Pumped to have @RealCandaceO on the cover of our first edition of OnPoint Magazine!		She is the champion of being a VICTOR not a VICTIM!		She is also Co-hosting @TheFive tonight!		Proud to have her as @TPUSA comm. director		Read full edition here -&gt; 		https://t.co/RelQ0cylYg https://t.co/PfvzlBMxLt
If I was a Democrat and I saw the best economy in history, peace coming to North Korea, ISIS being destroyed, 90 record stock market highs, and the world respecting us again, I would also focus on an emotional immigration issue Obama refused to solve and then blame Trump for it
Obama and Clinton have gotten away with: 		Uranium One	Benghazi	Solyndra	Fast &amp; Furious	IRS targeting	Cash to Iran	Rigging a primary against Bernie 	Illegally storing emails	Paying for a fake dossier	Lying under oath	Spying on Trump	 	And Trump is the one under investigation? 🤔
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Hard to believe we have to even ask why this hasn’t happened. https://t.co/Dgdm20ykVy
Bernie Sanders, April 4 2016: 		“Stop the separation of immigrant children and families”		So Bernie admits this was happening under Obama, he ignored it and did nothing about it. https://t.co/IwUCLpWzqX
A police officer is 18.5 times more likely to be shot by a black man, than an unarmed black man is to be shot by a cop		Black on black crime, not police brutality is the big issue facing black America		This all stems from a broken culture - failing schools &amp; fatherless homes https://t.co/qnX4DOVqrf
Breaking: 		North Korea has destroyed four nuclear test sites, with more to come 		Trump wins, America wins, again.
Why is Manafort in prison and Hillary isn’t? 		🤔
An American hero. 		May he Rest In Peace https://t.co/9btHZPNUqo
Democrats will not be happy until we have full citizenship for all the illegals and no borders 		They want to destroy the rule of law and obliterate America as a nation state
Tariffs charged by Canada on US goods:		Cars - 25% 	Steel -  25% 	Aluminum - 45% 	Copper - 48%	HVAC equipment - 45%	Vacuums  - 35%	Cable boxes  - 35% 	TV’s - 45%		We have never had free trade with Canada		Trump is leveling the playing field with Canada who has been ripping us off
What about Kate Steinle? 		She was separated from her parents forever by an illegal immigrant
Did you know: 		There are 9 US consulates &amp; one US embassy in Mexico where non US citizens can apply for asylum without ANY risk of being separated from their kids		Democrats would prefer to never mention this and act as if these families have no other options, to blame Trump
If Peter Fonda was a Republican his career would be over by now, and all shows he is associated with would be cancelled and movies pulled		Instead he will just say he was “joking”, offer a fake apology, and then continue his sick bigotry 		This is what we call liberal privilege
Why didn’t Obama ever sign an executive order making sure illegal immigrant families didn’t get broken up? 		🤔
The same liberals complaining about children being separated at the border are the ones also wishing death upon Barron Trump
Where were Rachel Maddow's tears for immigrant children in 2014?
Why is no one asking about Obama emailing Hillary on her server? 		🤔
Did you know: 		10,000 of the 12,000 kids under DHS custody were sent here alone by their parents 		They weren’t separated by border patrol, they were abandoned well before they hit our border and came into America
We are so lucky to have a President who cares much more about keeping his promises, than keeping the elites in DC and LA happy
FBI agents who tried to prevent Trump from being President still have jobs 		FBI agents who failed to thwart the Parkland shooting despite multiple tips still have jobs 		Massive firings must occur at every agency of government including the FBI 		No one is above the law
1) Build the Wall 		2) Pass Kate’s law 		3) End chain migration 		4) End the visa lottery 		5) Deport illegals in our prisons 		6) No amnesty, no citizenship, period.
Administration holdovers in @USEmbassyBogota and @FiscaliaCol are harming US-Colombia relations		Time for Congress and @realdonaldtrump to bring home @luisfandrade! 		Colombia just rejected socialism, a big win for freedom!  https://t.co/NxfDatwRwF
The UN is an anti-American, anti-Western, anti-freedom organization		The less we are involved and fund it the better 		Pleased to see us withdraw from the “human rights” council
Did you know:		There are thousands of DACA recipients with arrest records, including 10 accused of murder, all of whom are being allowed to stay
Mass shooting at New Jersey arts festival leaves 1 dead and 22 injured 		Why didn’t you hear about it? 		Because it involved two violent gang members who obtained their weapons illegally, in a state with some of the strictest gun laws in the country
According to the Huffington Post 80% of Central American girls are raped trying to cross the border 		Open borders are immoral
Did you know: 		California has given out over 1,000,000 drivers licenses to illegals 		Soon they will be voting. 		The Democrats are smart, they have created a new potential voting block of foreign nationals domiciled within the US
Where was the outrage when Obama had 90,000 kids in detention facilities much worse than the conditions they are in today? 		🤔
Breaking:		@realDonaldTrump threatens government shutdown if there isn’t sufficient funding of the border wall 		Excellent. 		This is the defining issue of the Trump presidency. We absolutely must build the wall, defend our borders, and secure our sovereignty 		#MAGA
Hillary in 2014:		“Just because your child gets across the border, doesn’t mean your child gets to stay”
New study: 		Illegal immigration cost US taxpayers over $135 billion last year 		Illegal immigration is not only destabilizing the rule of law, destroying our culture, but also bankrupting America
We are all sinners, we all fall short and we all need the perfect gift of Jesus Christ		None of us are greater than the other, may we never forget how broken we are without the savior of the world, our King, the perfect sacrifice, Jesus
It’s funny how the Democrats daily hate on Christians, god, and the Bible but conveniently cherry pick verses when it suites their backwards and harmful anti-American political agenda
Illegal activist groups protested Obama for his separation child policy. 		Yet the Democrats and media didn’t create a firestorm back then? 		🤔 https://t.co/VBZRLHfhaE
Facts about planned parenthood: 		652,639 abortions performed last year		49% were minorities 		Sells organs and baby body parts (caught on camera) 		Refused to report sex traffickers to FBI and DOJ		Doesn’t perform mammograms 		Receives $500 million of taxpayer funding every year
Easy solution: 		Deport the entire family back to their home country. Kids and parents get deported together 		There I fixed the problem.
6 years ago I could never have dreamed this sort of impact would be possible. God bless the young ladies of the conservative movement, we have your back as you continue your crusade on campus and beyond 		Together, we will defeat the left and win the future https://t.co/2UI8CNWwlW
When a Democrat President sent in armed guards to rip kids away from their parents, Democrat allies were quiet, and complicit https://t.co/OCDoXVeVd8
Big deal:		Colombia just rejected Marxism. Socialism has killed 100 million people in 100 years, destroyed 100 countries &amp; cultures, and wreaks havoc everywhere it is tried		May we also not forget we have a US citizen currently being illegally detained by the Santos regime
What about all the fathers that never got to meet their kids because you performed abortions without their consent or knowledge? 		🤔 https://t.co/HjHNiYtSaz
Can we talk about all the families that have lost their children at the hands of a criminal illegal who never should have been here in the first place?
Illegals are taught and trained by professional amnesty lawyers how to declare “asylum” when they come to the southern border 		This is the latest strategy by the border jumpers and globalists to destroy our borders, culture, and the rule or law
73% of black babies are born to unmarried mothers 		If we are going to fix black poverty in America, we must get fathers back in the home. 		Black Fathers Matter.
RT @RealCandaceO: What did we learn this week? 	In the end, goodness always wins. 	Thanking God for blessing this incredible event with pos…
If the GOP screws up this immigration fight it will be catastrophic in the midterms and forever detrimental for America		They must fulfill the President's promise of building the wall, ending chain migration, deporting illegals, enforcing the law, and being tough at the border!
Blown away by these last few days at #YWLS2018 		These young ladies are the FUTURE of our movement!! 		They reject the leftist lies of feminism and victimhood - they are heroes!! 		Largest gathering ever of young conservative women - @TPUSA is making a significant difference! https://t.co/v8Rb6DZpJX
"Accuse your opponent of what you are doing, to create confusion and to inculcate voters against evidence of your own guilt" 		Saul Alinsky, Rules for Radicals
If Democrats truly cared about these kids at the border and them being separated from their parents, why didn’t they protest, demagogue, or get outraged when all of this happened for 8 years under Obama? 		🤔
If you don’t want to get separated from your family when you cross the border illegally, don’t cross the border illegally.
Facts: 		An illegal immigrant is twice as likely to commit a crime vs a natural born citizen 		Illegal immigration costs US taxpayers $120 billion a year 		Over 11,000 kids are sex trafficked across southern border each year		We have 56,000 illegals in our prisons		Build the wall https://t.co/1j1v6cd004
If kids bring separated from their moms is truly something the left cared about, they would defund planned parenthood and stand to end abortion. 		Millions of kids being forcibly extracted from the womb each year
If peace and denuclearization was so easy and not a big deal, why didn’t Bush, Clinton, W. Bush, or Obama do it? 		🤔
There is a lot of media focus on illegal immigrant families being separated at the border, but very little focus on families that lost kids to the crimes and murder of illegals
Our universities currently present a historic threat to western civilization, free speech, our culture, and all the freedoms we hold dear
Why hasn’t Peter Strzok been fired yet?		🤔
The incredible @DLoesch was on fire tonight at #YWLS2018 - massive crowd of young women leaders from across the country in attendance. 		What an evening and just getting started! https://t.co/ruHByc9vDu
Facts: 		Donald J. Trump foundation:		100% of money to charities 		0% of money to expenses 		Clinton foundation: 		93.6% of money to expenses 		Only 6.4% of money to charities
If the FBI said “No, No, well stop it” about Obama’s successful election, people would be fired, hearings would be held, and the media would be calling it a worse scandal than Watergate.
There is now far more evidence that Obama interfered in the 2016 election than Putin or Russia
China is not our friend
Vanessa and Don are both great people. The press should just respect their privacy and let these matters play themselves out. Shame on the media for doing what they have been doing. https://t.co/bxYjyEQfIt
Poll: 		77% of college grads that are self identified Democrats believe you can not determine Sex at birth, instead you must let the child choose 		The left destroys everything it touches
Breaking: 		2,300 child pedophiles were arrested yesterday in one of the largest, massive multi-agency takedowns of child predators 		May they spend the rest of their sick existence behind bars with no chance to escape
Incredible, @lindastasi columnist for @NYDailyNews told @kimguilfoyle to “go pick grapes” - an obvious and not so subtle racial attack on Kimberly being Latina! 		Imagine if a conservative said this		Imagine the outrage and the backlash
Let me get this straight: the team that gave away $150 billion to Iran to give them a path to a nuke is upset Trump gave up nothing, got prisoners back, and is taking nukes away from North Korea? 		🤔
Was stopped by a left-leaning patriot today who watches my videos and follows my tweets. We didn't agree on everything, but he said he was no longer a Democrat.		I asked him: 		Why?		He said:		"I didn't leave the Democratic party, the Democratic party left me"
Give a man a fish, you feed him for a day 		Teach a man to fish, you feed him for a lifetime 		Promise a man somebody else's fish for a lifetime, you create a Democrat
No amnesty 		No more chain migration 		No immigration lottery 		No sanctuary funding		No catch and release		Enforce our laws 		Deport illegals in prisons		Mandatory voter ID 		Build. The. Wall.
I wish some conservatives fought the left as hard as they fight people who support President Trump
Breaking: 		President Trump has officially been nominated for the nobel peace prize by two members of parliament from Norway
Free speech is not just the freedom to say what you want to say, sometimes you might have to hear things you don’t want to hear
Trump secured both the Olympics and World Cup within 500 days of his presidency 		Obama wasn’t able to get either despite intense focus and courting of world community
All 5 living ex-Presidents are silent on North Korea and the progress being made 		Maybe they are wondering how a non-politician, common sense businessman did more in 500 days than they did in 30 years? 		🤔
Trump is correct to hammer OPEC for manipulating and raising oil prices 		OPEC is mainly driven by Saudi Arabia (who financed and planned 9/11) and their mission to control the entire region 		The sooner we divest from Saudi oil and Middle East dependence, the better!
Breaking: 		Judge issues restraining order blocking the unconditional assault weapons ban in Deerfield, IL 		Big win for gun owners everywhere! 		There is no first amendment without the second amendment
Net worth before running for President: 		Trump - 4.5 billion 	Obama - $3 million 	Clinton - $500,000		Current net worth: 		Trump - 3.4 billion 	Obama - $41 million 	Clinton - $242 million 		Obama and Clinton got very rich selling out America and selling access for cash
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Obama: enemies first 		Trump: America first
Obama doctrine:		Give away everything, concede on every issue, get nothing in return, project weakness, &amp; apologize for America		Trump doctrine:		Don’t give an inch, get prisoners back, broker peace, defend America, restore faith in the West, and clean up the mistakes of the past
Did you know: 		Food stamp households drop below 20 million for first time since 2010		Unlike Obama, Trump measures success by how many people get OFF government assistance, not sign up for government benefits!
This is why Trump won and why he will convincingly win re-election https://t.co/JbpDaqrlex
Why does it seem CNN and MSNBC are so sad a peace deal was just signed? 		🤔
It's almost as if the Democrats would prefer we were at war with North Korea than have Trump broker the peace
The world has never been more at peace or safer thanks to President Trump
To the media and pundits downplaying the North Korean summit, if this was so easy and just a photo op why didn’t Clinton, Bush, or Obama do it? 		🤔
If a Democrat was doing what Trump is doing the media would say: 		“This is one of the most remarkable diplomatic accomplishments in modern history”
Trump is finishing the Cold War		Bush, Clinton, Bush, Obama all made things much worse 		Just this handshake alone merits a Nobel Peace prize		You are witnessing history courtesy of the greatest President of our lifetime: Donald Trump 		#MAGA https://t.co/ygzzzewWdi
A year ago Steve Scalise was shot by a radical leftist.  		Now he stands proudly stronger than ever! 		What an incredible man and heroic story of recovery! https://t.co/rVC9kVeP75
We are seeing the end of the remnants of the Cold War &amp; the end of the Korean War		No other President has come even close to this progress with North Korea		We have prisoners back, prime ministers hugging, &amp; peace on horizon		Yet the media is fawning over weak Merkel’s photo
Clinton gave North Korea nukes 		Bush refused to talk and worsened relations 		Obama was weak and never responded with force 		Trump is ending the Korean War
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Liberals hoping America fails so they can get rid of @realDonaldTrump is precisely why he will win again in #2020		They…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: When it comes to the international chess game, Trump is a master https://t.co/ryutuexHTA
They laughed when he called him “rocketman”		They laughed when he said he had a “bigger button”		They laughed when he said “fire and fury”		We are now witnessing a master negotiator bring an end to the Korean War		Peace is the prize  https://t.co/P2cVtenawf
The left hates Chick-Fil-A because they unapologetically defend their deeply held Christian beliefs and run their company with high moral conduct and standards		They honor the sabbath, treat their workers well, greet all customers wonderfully, and have the best waffle fries ever
38 shot - 9 fatally in Chicago this weekend 		How does this keep happening in the city with America’s strictest gun laws? 		🤔
Voter fraud is real:		Justice Alito cited statistics that 24 million voter registrations—about one in eight—are ‘either invalid or significantly inaccurate,’ and that about 2.75 million people ‘are said to be registered to vote on more than one state
Democrats: 		A handful of rich people should not run the country 		Instead, a handful rich politicians should
Just in: 		Kanye earns eighth No. 1 album on Billboard 200 chart with “Ye” following the failed boycott after his praise of Trump and his refusal to apologize or back down when the mob came after him		Kanye deserves huge props for standing up to the mob and winning!
This article is spot on 		Instead of pathologically resisting the President, find things you can work with him on. 		@realDonaldTrump will listen, consider, and even possibly act on initiatives that make sense and will make America stronger 		https://t.co/75UjNhDzUC
Democrats hate Trump much more than they love America
Trump: the man who gave up his billionaire lifestyle to be ridiculed, slandered, attacked, all to save America and western civilization
Show me an American ghetto, and I will show you a Democrat in power
The goal should always be free markets &amp; free trade		But can someone explain how Canada putting a 270% tariff on dairy is fair or free?		Can anyone explain China stealing our valuable IP and copying our tech is fair or free?		Free trade must be the goal		This is how we get there
America is exceptional 		We are not equal to other countries. We are stronger, better, more generous, richer, and more powerful than any other nation to exist		We will no longer bend the knee the false promise of globalism		America will lead, and the rest of the world will follow
Trudeau is just like Obama 		Weak, corrupt, socialist, globalist, and a liar
Facts: 		1. It would take 40 years worth of blacks killed by cops to equal the number of black killed by other blacks in one year		2. Less than 400 people a year are killed by cops, 61% are white &amp; 32% are black		3. 90% of murdered blacks die at the hands of other blacks
Approval rating at this point in Presidency 		Reagan - 44% 		Obama - 44% 		Trump   - 45%		#MAGA
America is back on top, and the globalists hate it 		#MAGA https://t.co/PFjNLayXCw
If walls don’t work, why does Mexico have one on their southern border with Guatemala? 		🤔
White privilege is a racist idea 		White privilege is a myth 		The left is trying to divide us by race. They teach students the horrendously false and incendiary lie that white people have extra privilege in America 		@RealCandaceO and I destroy this idea everyday! 		RT! https://t.co/wCwkU8rydl
We have a President who is rightly more concerned about global government than global warming
Did you know: 		Canada charges a 270% tariff on US dairy product imports 		And now Canada is now upset we are trying to renegotiate these one sided deals? 		🤔
Bill Maher said last night:		“I hope for a recession to get rid of Trump. Sorry if that hurts people”		The left would like to America fail just so they can blame Trump for the suffering
God is real
Illegal immigration is a scheme being used by the Democrat party to create a future base of liberal voters, destabilize our culture, and destroy the rule of law
Mueller said he won’t indict Trump because he is President 		Thankfully, Hillary is not President, so there is still hope for justice for the illegal damage she did to America
Rights come from God, not from government
Liberals attempt to silence conservatives because they are afraid they might have to defend their horrible ideas		They hate the idea there are other ideas
Think about it:		We have now spent $17 million to investigate the most successful President of our lifetime		We have spent $17 million to try and take down the President who is cutting taxes, bringing back jobs, &amp; restoring peace in the world		And zero dollars investigating Obama
Banning guns give the 1%, 100% of the power
What right does someone who pays no income tax have to demand someone else pay more? 		🤔
If the FBI knew Manafort was a bad guy with shady connections, why did they willingly allow him to enter the Trump campaign without notifying campaign officials? 🤔
"I’d like to tell President Trump that I am so grateful for everything that you’ve done for me and my family," 		Alice Johnson, 63, first time drug offender, now free thanks to President Trump
Did you know: 		The federal government is spending $350,000 to see if lesbians are using proper contraception 		#BigGovSucks
Let’s abolish the death penalty for those that cannot defend themselves		Bernie, I totally support your willingness to end abortion and take a stand for the unborn. 		If we can’t protect the defenseless, then what kind of country are we? https://t.co/N4F3IVGFv7
You do not need to go to college to be successful in America
Facts, no feelings. https://t.co/OX5qeet5r3
Trump courageously signs a pardon for Alice Johnson 		An elderly woman over-sentenced for a non-violent drug charge and her first offense 		Obama refused to do this and Trump has stepped up to plate to right a wrong
I’m still waiting for all the #MeToo feminist social justice activists to treat Bill Clinton the same way they attack and ridicule all the conservative men they try and take down
No one is forcing you to stand for the national anthem. You have the right to be unpatriotic, ungrateful, and selfish in America 		But you don’t have a right to be free from consequences of blowback 		If you make stupid choices expect to be held accountable
Remember Democrat Rep. Eric Stalwell said over 10 times on TV: 		"Innocent people don't ask for immunity!" 		Andrew McCabe now seeking an immunity plea deal in regards to Clinton email investigation. 		Don't give it to him unless it results in Comey or Lynch going to prison
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: “This president is going to be the most successful president of our lifetime.” https://t.co/dGIly9wbri
Kanye vocally supports Trump and then refuses to back down despite the Democrat mob threatening manufactured boycotts		Now his album is #1 in 83 countries and still number #1 on iTunes 		I love seeing good people stand up against the leftist boycott mob and win
Only in America do you get paid tens of millions of dollars to play football, disrespect our country and President, then parade in front of the media playing the victim
Anything government gives was stolen
Did you know: 		For the first time ever, the number of American job openings exceeds the number of job seekers		Strongest economy in US history 		#MAGA
I am so happy we have a President who takes a stand for our flag, culture, and national anthem
Congress should work 12 months a year and at least a full work week		Just like the people they represent 		Pleased August vacation is cancelled!
6 years ago I started Turning Point USA 		A movement now on over 1,300 campuses across the country, over 100 people on staff, over 35,000 active donors, and over 6,000 students attending our events each year.		Thank you to everyone who made this possible. I will never forget you.
Are you better off than you were 500 days ago? 		Of course. Trump is dramatically and historically turning this country around. 		Well actually, you aren’t better off if you are a member of ISIS. Your life kinda sucks now
God’s Word is:		- Fire (Jeremiah 5:14)		- Sword (Hebrews 4:12)		- Hammer (Jeremiah 23:29)		- Seed (1 Peter 1:23)		- Milk (1 Peter 2:2) 		- Meat (Hebrews 5:12-14)		- Light (Psalm 119:105)		- Mirror (James 1:23-25)
BOOM: 		Oil exports now exceed 10.4 million barrels a day 		Trump has successfully made us energy independent for the first time ever 		#MAGA
August 24, 2017  —&gt; 		https://t.co/aOlaVSXSlc		Facts can be hard		You said what you said but what you said is dead wrong https://t.co/FxIMemjDsA
@TorreySmithWR So what would you call this then? https://t.co/ot85k5wejE
All signs show we are much closer to a red wave than a blue wave this November
If you refuse to stand for the national anthem you have no business being honored at the White House or by our President
Never forget: 		We have hours of videos footage of Planned Parenthood selling baby body parts for cash 		We still disgustingly fund them with $500 million a year of taxpayer dollars
Since Democrats seem to not care, are they cool with Trump ordering the FBI to spy on Democrat campaigns since we have actual evidence their party leader colluded with Russia? 		🤔
500 days:		6.6 million job openings created ✅		3.2 Trillion in new tax cuts ✅		Most dramatic deregulation agenda in history ✅		Record low black unemployment ✅		Repeal of individual mandate ✅		Iran deal cancelled ✅		Embassy in Jerusalem ✅		Gorsuch on Supreme Court ✅		#MAGA
RT @foxandfriends: .@charliekirk11: Trump is the first president in American history to be attacked by the media for keeping his promises h…
I'm convinced that Democrats are cheering for America to do worse, just so they can blame Trump for it
If Republicans in Congress can show the Wall is funded and being built they will win the most decisive midterm election in history 		Voters will turn out and reward the party that defends our borders, lowers crime, and reestablishes our sovereignty
Supreme Court correctly rules in favor of religious freedom 		We will never allow America to become a place where people are FORCED to provide a service against their deeply held religious beliefs 		Don’t force someone to do something they don’t believe in		That is fascism
Trump is the first modern President to be selected by voters not donors, by the people not professional pundits, by the grassroots not financial elites 		For 24 years we witnessed the decline of America, and now we are experiencing the greatest period of resurgence in our history
California just voted to expand Medicaid benefits for illegal aliens 		Foreign nationals illegally in America should not be receiving taxpayer benefits, they should be deported.
So far this year there have been 178 shot and killed,	906 shot and wounded in Chicago 		Strictest gun laws, every alderman is a Democrat, Mayor is a Democrat, and city votes 88% Democrat
You cannot impeach a President because you are upset your party didn’t win
Feminism has become much more about hating men than empowering women
Did you know		According to the CDC 80% of all gun homicides are gang related		Gang homicides account for nearly 8,900 of 11,100 gun deaths in both 2010 &amp; 2011		America’s alleged “gun” epidemic does not exist. It is a culture issue that stems from broken families &amp; failing schools
Fact: 		Trump is the first President ever to support gay marriage throughout his entire term without having to change his mind like Obama did
The “experts” said Trump couldn’t win the election 		The “experts” said the stock market would crash 		The “experts” said we would enter a global recession 		The “experts” said Trump would bring WW3		The “experts” haven’t been right since Trump announced for President in 2015
Trump has been our President for 500 spectacular days		Defying conventional wisdom by political &amp; media elites he has accomplished more in 500 days than every President since 1988 		Economy booming, enemies retreating, &amp; peace has arrived 		America is back, stronger than ever
Voter fraud is real
Winning: 		@realDonaldTrump is most popular GOP President at this point in presidency since WWII, except for GWB after 9/11		And we are just getting started 		#MAGA
So let’s deport them together https://t.co/R9JZknLVK1
We defend our President with guns 		We defend our Congressmen with guns 		We defend our celebrities with guns		We defend our sporting events with guns		\We defend our banks with guns		We defend our children with a sign that reads:		“THIS IS A GUN FREE ZONE.”
Keith Olbermann calls Trump a "Nazi" gets an expanded show at ESPN		Joy Anne Reid writes horribly homophobic posts for a long period of time, lies about, and still keeps her show		Samantha Bee calls Ivanka a "feckless C**t" still keeps her show 		This is liberal privilege
Filings show O’Donnell gave a combined $5,400 in contributions over the limit to the five candidates, and used five different New York addresses and four variations of her name		Breaking several federal laws		Will she be prosecuted and sentenced the same as Dinesh D’Sousza? 		🤔
The fewer things controlled by politicians, the less it matters who controls the politicians
Looking back the incredible lack of patriotism from Obama vs the Trump presidency is appalling 		It took effort for Obama to be so dodgy and avoidant of embracing American exceptionalism, our flag, and our traditions 		It continues to make me question his motives
Did you know: 		May’s jobs report shows the smallest ever gap between black and white unemployment rate? 		Also the lowest ever unemployment rate for blacks and Latinos 		Trump is best President in the modern era for Black and Latino America 		#MAGA
Fun fact:		The number of civilian-owned firearms in the US grew 66% between 1991 and 2011, leading the firearm murder rate to decline 52%
RT @JesseBWatters: The media had it's worst week ever! @charliekirk11 and @JoeConchaTV break it down on @WattersWorld https://t.co/uMEblnh6…
Hey Hillary, if Russia is such a threat why did you sell 20% of our Uranium to them? 		🤔
On his last day in office Obama pardoned the sentences of 330 federal inmates convicted of drug crimes releasing them back on the streets
They don’t teach students their rights in school because it is easier to take something away if you don’t even know you have it in the first place
What exactly is the left "resisting" ?		99 record highs on the DOW?	A booming economy?	ISIS being slaughtered?	Record low black unemployment?	Largest tax cut in US History?	US finally being energy independent? 	Korean War ending?		The left is on the wrong side of history
Despite Candace insisting that I simply mistook one parent for another, this reporter immediately accused me of lying to a students to sow division within Candace, her family, &amp; our partnership together. Journalism is dead. 		It is an unrelenting virus that seeks to destroy lives https://t.co/ogkfCBmegr
The media is more focused on Trump “leaking” jobs numbers (which he didn’t) than the actual amazing economic success the report reflected 		If only they covered Comey’s leaking with so much focus and intensity 		🤔
The only people who would have supported a “black only” dormitory are KKK members in the 1950’s and now liberals in 2018
Did you know:		Since Trump took office he has eliminated 24,000 government jobs 		Government is much smaller today than it was when Trump took office 		#MAGA
Black only graduation ceremonies are racist, and only furthers the racial divide in our country 		There is nothing "progressive" about re-segregating students based on skin color		Martin Luther King fought to end crap like this. Shame on colleges for restarting a racist practice
Mueller’s anti-Trump investigation has cost 17 million dollars, &amp; only 17 lawyers/investigators have been working on it - over 1 million dollars per team member		Why did our GOP controlled Congress authorize this unconstitutional, illegal, and out of control attack on Trump? 		🤔
Candace has overcome amazing adversity in her life. I mixed up a few family members &amp; now this reporter is trying to paint a totally false picture. The essence of what I said remains the same:		 CANDACE IS A VICTOR		These "reporters" cannot and will not divide us https://t.co/2TozDflYR8
The FBI would never put a spy in a presidential campaign without the approval of the President		Obama knew the FBI had a spy within Trump’s campaign 		This is consistent with Obama’s weaponization of government agencies		He used government to punish those he disagreed with
Reality does not go away when it is ignored
Trump has already been a much more effective President for black America than Obama was in all 8 years of his destructive Presidency
US Marines just reported 70 Taliban leaders and terrorists were eliminated and killed in last 48 hours 		Rest well in hell
We have an absent attorney general who has refused:		To indict Lois Lerner for her crimes at the IRS		To pursue an investigation into Loretta Lynch’s shady tarmac meeting (do tapes exist?)		To investigate voter fraud in any form at all		Oh and he also recused himself
According to the Atlanta Fed. we are on pace to have 4.7% GDP growth in Q2 		Woah. 		#MAGA
Fact: 		There are zero Democrats on Mount Rushmore
So pleased @realDonaldTrump pardoned @DineshDSouza today 		He simply reimbursed a friend for a campaign contribution and got jail time. A total miscarriage of justice.  		By the way, Rosie O’Donnell did much worse 		Shouldn’t she go to prison for equal application of the law? 🤔
When a liberal says something horrible about a conservative, they are granted forgiveness		When a conservative says something horrible about a liberal, their entire life is ruined
The left has killed comedy		Late night hosts are no longer funny at all, instead "comedians" use their platform to attack conservatives with vulgar language and poorly written jokes
Disgusting:		Google just listed “naziism” as the top ideology and description of the California Republican Party
If Samantha Bee was a conservative and said her despicable comment about Obama’s daughter, her life would be over, show cancelled, and career ruined.
Survey of Harvard professors: 		83.5% identify as liberal 		1.4% identify as conservative 		College has become a place where they want everyone to look different but think the same
The Freshman class at University of Missouri is going to be about 2,158 students smaller than previous incoming classes		35% decrease in revenue &amp; 70% decrease in alumni support		What happened?		#BlackLivesMatter radicals took over the school &amp; admin did nothing to stop them
Heartbreaking:		A new investigative report reveals Planned Parenthood’s decades-long pattern of helping child sex abusers cover up their crimes		Planned Parenthood has repeatedly failed to report suspected sexual abuse to authorities, &amp; sending victims back to their abusers
Did you know: 		In Mexico they require photo ID to vote and run public service announcements reminding people to get their ID’s 		Maybe if we did the same we wouldn’t have widespread voter fraud?  		🤔
All but 11 Dems voted against expedited deportations exclusively for MS-13 and other criminal alien gangs		The Democrats are the party of MS-13 animals
The left wants to create a world where people are held responsible for stuff that happened before they were born, but others will not held responsible for what they are doing today
HUGE ANNOUNCEMENT! 		@jordanbpeterson will be speaking at our Young Women’s Leadership Summit coming up in a few weeks! 		APPLY NOW —&gt; 		https://t.co/MjW4l7wZL2 https://t.co/jnjn3De8Aj
Candace Owens is SUCCESSFULLY leading a historic revolution within the black community 		Watch this clip. Share this clip. 		@RealCandaceO is bringing countless young blacks out of the shadows on campus 		Watch out Democrats, your time is up https://t.co/wNW58eUrY1
Did you know:		72% of manufacturers are increasing wages or benefits		 77% hiring more workers 		86% investing in new equipment and facilities		Trump tax cut coupled with massive deregulation has created the most powerful economic boom in US history 		#MAGA
Arizona needs two new US senators without the last name of McCain or Flake
Did you know: 		In 2016 a inspector general report was released that under Obama’s immigration policies over 4,159 kids were unaccounted for 		Where was the media outrage and pundit class back then? Or does it only matter because Trump is President? 		🤔
The constitution was not just written for the times, it was written to stand the test of time
Wait, Bill Maher makes comparisons to Trump being a gorilla all the time?		They get classified as "jokes" by the media and he is of course allowed to keep his show and not have his life ruined		The difference?		Bill Maher is a liberal, Roseanne is a free-thinking Trump supporter
If a liberal says something racist it gets called a "joke"		When a conservative says something racist they lose their career and life gets ruined
Joy Ann Reid repeatedly and intentionally published bigoted ideas over long periods of time, lies about it, gets help covering it up, fake apologizes, and is heralded as a hero and keeps her show 		Roseanne tweets something racist, immediately apologizes, and loses her show
Thousands of innocent kids are sex trafficked across the border every month 		If the Democrats truly cared about human trafficking and stopping the flow of kids being kidnapped, they should immediately fund the wall 		Build the wall, reduce crime
Anyone else sick and angry of their tax dollars being used to try and take down this President via an illegal, unconstitutional, unchecked, and out of control special counsel?
Obama got a nobel prize for giving a path to a nuke &amp; billions to Iran, overseeing the creation of ISIS, the worsening of relations in Korea, allowing Putin to shoot down aircraft, doing nothing when Assad belligerently used chemical weapons, &amp; US foolishly toppling Gaddafi		🤔
This is the unbelievable mess Trump inherited from Obama: 		National Debt 		2009-$10.6 trillion 		2017-$20 trillion 	 	Avg. Health Insur. 		2009-$12,680 		2017-$18,142		Food Stamp Users 		2009-$32,000,000 		2017-43,600,000		Persons In Poverty 		2009-38,000,000 		2017-45,000,000
Open and diverse? Value freedom of speech? Is that why Tommy Robinson is trapped in prison while UK media is forbidden from covering it? 		#TommyRobinson https://t.co/CiBK2Ytxam
33,652 Americans died fighting in the Korean War		They died for the existence &amp; creation of South Korea		For the first time in over 65 years we are on verge of peace in Korea		This Memorial Day never forget our Korean War vets		May their sacrifice be honored with reunification
Why didn’t all these photos of kids in cages outrage liberals when they were actually taken in 2014 when Obama was President? 		🤔
30 shot and 7 killed so far in Chicago this weekend 		Where is #BlackLivesMatter working to protest black on black crime?  		🤔		Psst... the cops didn’t do any of the killings
NY Post: 		Obama spying scandal is starting to look a lot like Watergate
In the past week President Trump has done more for the pro-life cause than the Pope		Let that sink in.
We should fire 1 million federal bureaucrats and part of the savings give every active military member a substantial pay raise		Our military is vastly underpaid &amp; under appreciated		Before you give burger flippers a $15 an hour wage, give our heroes and warriors the $ they earned
A government big enough to give you everything you need, is powerful enough to take away everything you have 		#TommyRobinson
America is the kindest, most gentle, benevolent superpower ever to exist 		No other country in the history of the world consistently sends their own soldiers  to die for the freedom of others 		The world is a much better place thanks to America, and those who died protecting us
We don’t know them all, but we owe them all 		#MemorialDay
People commonly say they are worried what kind of planet we are leaving our kids 		I’m much more worried what kinds of kids we are leaving for our planet
To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize
17 Hostages that Trump secured the release of:		Sabrina De Sousa		Aya Hijazi		Mohamed Hassanei		Sandy Phan-Gillis		Otto Warmbier		Joshua Boyle,	Caitlan Coleman,	their 3 children.		LiAngelo Ball		Cody Riley		Jalen Hill		Kim Dong-Chul		Kim Hak-Song		Kim Sang-Duk		Joshua Holt
On Tuesday @RealCandaceO and I are speaking at @Stanford 		We will be discussing:		The wall		How many genders there are (2) 		Why Trump will be the greatest POTUS of our lifetime		The white privilege myth		Why affirmative action is racist		And much more!		The revolution continues
Did you know: 		74% of all immigration arrests made last year involved people with prior criminal convictions		An illegal is twice as likely as a natural born citizen to commit a crime 		There are over 56,000 illegals in our federal prisons 		Build the wall, reduce crime
If you give up your rights, don’t expect to get them back 		The UK has sacrificed their right to speech. The government now has ultimate authority to imprison and silence those they disagree with 		America is the West’s last, best hope
House Republicans should immediately issue a subpoena to former President Obama and ask him under oath: 		Who authorized the spy within the Trump campaign?		Did you know about it?		Did you know the dossier was funded by the DNC and Hillary?		Its to bring justice for these crimes
The media made fun of Trump for calling Kim “rocketman”		The media made fun of Trump for saying he has a “bigger button”		The media made fun of Trump for calling for “Fire and Fury”		The media made fun of Trump for cancelling the summit		Yet now we are closer the peace than ever
Anyone else enjoying watch Trump embarrass career politicians with deal negotiations and diplomacy?		All these “experts” in both parties know nothing but war or surrender 		Bush brought us into horrible wars 		Obama brought us into unconditional surrender to Iran		America is back
Obama used the IRS to audit conservatives 		Obama used the FTC to shut down gun manufactures via “operation chokepoint” 		Obama used the EPA to shut down thousands of oil and gas producers		It makes sense he put a spy in the Trump campaign. It is the Chicago Democrat way
The media is upset Trump tweets too much 		The media is upset he talks tough to our enemies 		The media is upset he calls out liars and leakers in our government 		But they somehow think it’s perfectly ok Obama put a spy in Trump’s campaign?		🤔
This Memorial Day weekend thank a veteran and spend time with a veteran! 		This is George Hitchcock, 94 year old World War 2 veteran who was a front line bomber against the nazis. An American hero! 		Close friend of mine, despite our 70 year age difference		God bless our military https://t.co/Z5hDCl771s
President Trump has done more in the last month for the cause of freedom, peace, and liberty than Clinton, Bush, and Obama’s did in 24 years
The campus left pretends to fight against racism when in reality advocate for programs and ideas that are inherently racist		Affirmative Action 	White Privilege (myth)	Black only graduation ceremonies	Segregated living area on campus based on race 		The left is obsessed with race
Backlash! 		NRA has added over 150,000 NEW due paying members since Parkland to over 6 million active, law abiding, and patriotic Americans! 		We won’t allow our freedoms to be taken away without a fight. 		Out of our cold, dead, hands 		#2A
Art of the deal: 		US prisoner Joshua Holt kept in Venezuelan jail will return tonight! 		Obama released terrorists out of prison to the battlefield, Trump brings Americans home		#MAGA
Nick is a total stud and Tim Kaine might be one of the most repulsive US Senators out there		Nick can win and unseat Tim Kaine in November. Virginia can be a huge surprise state! We need to support him to advance the Trump agenda and to beat Tim Kaine!		He has my full support! https://t.co/S6LO9svhVl
All welfare recipients should be required to show ID and pass a drug test to get benefits 		Why? 		Because those of us who paid for them have to do the same in order to work and be productive members of society
Bring Back ISIS! 		Vote Democrat 2018 slogan
President Trump is the first leader in US history to be attacked by the media for actually keeping his promises
There is no first amendment without the second amendment		Look at the UK:		You say something that offends people, go to jail, &amp; then press is not allowed to report on the case		You can’t pick and choose your freedoms		You are either free, or not
President Trump just signs courageous and historic executive order making it easier to fire federal workers 		Terrific! We need to fire a couple million as a good start 		Unelected, unknown, and unaccountable 		Let the firings begin!
The push for multiculturalism is an effort to destroy culture in the name of harmonizing cultures		It is, at best, gross global imperialism		It is, at worst, the Orwellian destruction of all societal values and beliefs
The journalist community have become enemies to free thinkers, disruptors, &amp; prisoners		Elon Musk, Kayne West &amp; countless others realize this 		The media will publish a passable lie than a universally accepted truth		Who is going to hold these “journalists” accountable? 		🤔
It seems like the media is refusing to put students from the Santa Fe, Texas shooting on TV unlike after the Parkland shooting 		Maybe it is because the students from rural Texas know more gun control is not the answer and gun free zones kill students 		🤔
We have spent $2.8 trillion on failed wars and “counter terror” in the Middle East all while fighting fake enemies not the true practitioners of 9/11 (Saudi Arabia) 		Our infrastructure and our schools are a mess		End the endless wars! 		Bring our troops home
Hillary 2016 summary:		Raised &amp; spent twice as much as Trump		Spent 6 years planning		Had endorsements of popular sitting President &amp; every major celebrity		Had spies within Trump campaign 		Had media cover for her everyday and relentlessly attack Trump		Still loses election		😂
The further society drifts away from the truth the more it will hate those that speak it
Hey GOP Congress: 		Obama spied on Trump and led an interagency effort to destabilize his campaign 		When will you start hosting hearings and issuing subpoenas? 		They are wrongly attacking Trump via Mueller, when will we rightfully attack back?
Since the FBI was spying on Trump the entire time, doesn’t that now mean they knew there was no collusion all along? 		🤔
Stand for the national anthem!		If you are a player in the NFL earning millions you aren’t oppressed. You should be kissing the ground thanking God you were born in America		Only in America can you earn millions playing football and then act like you are a victim
Approx # of bump stocks in MA: 8,500		Approx # in NJ: 5,600		Date there were supposed to be turned in MA: Feb 1		Date they were supposed to be turned in NJ: April 5		Number actually turned in MA: 3		Number actually turned in NJ: 0		Imagine now trying to take people’s guns away
Mueller’s appointment as special counsel is unconstitutional		He has unlimited ranging authority to investigate whatever he pleases. He was NOT appointed by Trump or confirmed by the Senate		He is acting like a roaming attorney general, not specific prosecutor		Unconstitutional!!
Democrats in 2017: Trump is crazy for thinking he is getting spied on 		Democrats in 2018: We spied on Trump to “help and protect” him
Georgetown held a community meeting about racism		No white people were allowed to attend the meeting 		Georgetown pretends to fight racism when in reality practicing it
This should never have been an issue		Deep state operatives are doing everything they can to undercut this President and his allies. Jared is a sharp-minded reformer actually getting stuff done 		There are countless enemies at high levels of government trying to undercut Trump https://t.co/WUsCInbzj7
Wait, @realDonaldTrump is not allowed to block accounts but @Twitter is allowed to shadow-ban conservatives, delete tweets, terminate accounts, censor material, and block opposing views? 		🤔
All aid we give Mexico should be immediately cut until they cooperate in securing the border		If they truly wanted to stop the exodus out of their country they could		Instead, they are perfectly fine outsourcing their problems which force an additional financial burden on us
Abortion is not healthcare 		Abortion stops a beating heart 		Abortion hurts both the mother and child 		Abortion should never be considered a form of birth control		Abortion is murder
Less than a month away from our 4th annual young women’s leadership summit! 		Apply NOW as apps close to meet Dana Loesch, Judge Jeanine, Candace Owens, Kimberly Guilfoyle, and many others!! 		Travel scholarships still available! 		APPLY NOW —&gt; 		https://t.co/MjW4l7foms https://t.co/5qmA4SzjSM
The political left has gotten rich by keeping people poor		Their entire political existence relies on keeping the vulnerable hopeless, the disadvantaged down, &amp; poor families without a way to escape		Poverty is a cottage industry in America, run by Democrats who exploit the poor
Hard to believe the media found it reprehensible that Trump called murderous rapist gang members “animals” but didn’t mind when Hillary called over half of America “deplorable”
DOJ norms? 		What about your successor meeting with Bill Clinton on the tarmac? 		How about putting FBI spies in the opposition campaign? 		How about approving a FISA memo on fake info?		What about DNC &amp; Hillary funding it?		What about Obama knowing about all of this?		Norms? 🤔 https://t.co/o0RPKFtFeX
If politicians wanted to keep black people poor, they should send them to Baltimore public schools 		A report released in 2017 found that 13 high schools in Baltimore had ZERO students proficient in Math		90% of Black boys in Baltimore schools cannot read at grade level
Trump just cut $60 million from planned parenthood 		Trump reinstated and expanded Mexico City Policy &amp; cut the U.S. contribution to the U.N. population abortion fund		Trump overturned a ban on States defunding abortion providers 		Trump is most pro-life President in US history!
Did you know: 		NYC public schools spend $24,109 per pupil per year 		72% of students are not proficient in reading and 73% are not proficient in math 		Government run schools are a disgrace to our inner cities and minority communities 		Fire bad teachers, enact school choice!
Midterm Preview: 		Reuters generic poll: 		February: Dems +16 	March: Dems +6	April: Dems +3	Now: GOP +6		Finances: 		RNC: $ 43.8 million cash on hand (no debt)		DNC: $6.7 million cash on hand - $4.2 million in debt		CBS News: 68% give Trump credit for booming economy 		Red wave?
Did you know: 		The University of Michigan spends $11 million a year on nearly 100 "diversity" bureaucrats that do absolutely nothing		That could pay for full tuition for 765 students
The momentous racial progress achieved over the last 60 yrs is being undone by privileged students at Harvard who wish to resegregate themselves because they have been told they are oppressed based on skin color		If you are black and graduating from Harvard you aren’t a victim
The greatest threat to western civilization is the cancerous ideas being taught on our campuses 		It was a great honor to discuss this and more with the brilliant @jordanbpeterson who is also my hero		Founding fathers were absolute geniuses. Our students need to learn this! 		RT! https://t.co/OM3v5izdrO
Maxine Waters pays her daughter $100,000 to work for her campaign		Maxine has accumulated multi-million dollar net worth keeping her community poor 		Maxine lives out of her district in a multi million dollar home 		Poverty is a lucrative business for the Democrat political elite
Did you know there are 3,551,760 suspicious people still on voter rolls nationwide? 		462 counties impacted 		38 states with more voters registered than adult citizens 		(# of over registered voters)		CA 1,736,556	MI 225,235	WA 168,891	CO 159,373	IL 116,208	FL 100,782	VA 89,979
If Obama was under 1/100th of the media scrutiny, congressional oversight, and criminal investigation that Trump has to endure, he would have been impeached, removed from office, and several advisors, cabinet members, and allies would be in prison by now
The left says they fight for the little guy, unless he is in the womb		They say they love choice, unless you want to choose a different school		They say they hate guns, but rely on armed guards for protection		They say they are tolerant, unless you disagree with them
Total donations to lawmakers 2012-2016		Planned Parenthood: $7,858,142	NRA: $3,254,694		Number of kids killed by org members last 5 yrs:		Planned Parenthood: 1,962,514	NRA: 0		Percent of annual budget funded by taxpayers		Planned Parenthood: 40%	NRA: 0%		Why aren’t they defunded?
Why did the Obama Department of Defense pay FBI spy Stefan Halper $250,000 right before the election? 		🤔
Harvard will host its first ever “black only” graduation ceremony		This is racist and a disgrace to all racial progress made over the last 60 yrs		MLK would be disgusted at this		By the way, if you are a black person that goes to Harvard, you are the furthest thing from oppressed
Where are the feminist groups applauding Trump for appointing the first ever female CIA director? 		Or is it only a feminist “victory” if the woman in power is a raging leftist? 		🤔
The NRA has 6 million members who never committed a crime		The NRA receives ZERO tax dollars each year		The NRA is the nation’s largest and oldest civil rights organization 		The NRA armed black people against the KKK in the 1960s		Only group to be blame for things they don’t do!
Art of the deal: 		Trump just negotiated a $380 BILLION dollar reduction in our trade deficit with China 		Largest annual trade deficit reduction in US history
A revolution is brewing https://t.co/L5UisFJLmx
The problem with Venezuela is not that socialism wasn’t implemented properly, the issue is that it was implemented perfectly
CBS News Poll: 		68% of voters give Trump credit for booming economy 		Trump will convincingly get re-elected
Trump economy strongest ever:		-Unemployment rate hits lowest of this century		-African American unemployment is at lowest rate on record		-Hispanic unemployment tied for a record low		-Female unemployment lowest since 1953		#MAGA
Any elected official that aids illegals to evade ICE agents should be arrested and removed from office 		We cannot have US elected officials giving preference to foreign nationals over US citizens and enforcement authorities
Murder rate surges 44% in London despite blanket gun ban and attempts to confiscate knives		You can try and ban weaponry but you cannot ban evil
Annual cost of illegal immigration by state:		CA.. $21.8 Billion 	NY.. $9.5 Billion 	TX.. $8.9 Billion 	FL.. $5.5 Billion	IL.. $4.6 Billion	NJ.. $3.5 Billion 	AZ.. $2.6 Billion 	GA. $2.4 Billion		Annual national cost over $84 billion		Illegals are a financial drain on our country
When men get in the habit of helping themselves to the property of others, they cannot easily be cured of it 		New York Times, 1909
On the Trump campaign? 		Yes, we know https://t.co/z1Q3K6mkHe
It is illegal for a 17 yr. old to own a gun		It is illegal to bring a gun on school grounds		It is illegal to carry without a permit in Texas		It is illegal to saw the barrel off of a shotgun		It is illegal to shoot &amp; kill people		And we are being told more laws will fix this? 🤔
If you think a MS-13 rapist murderous gang member is a human but a 20 week fetus is not, you are assuredly a Democrat
Immediate answers needed: 		Who authorized putting a spy in Trump’s campaign?		Did Obama know about this?		Did Comey? If so, will he be held accountable for lying under oath? 		Why didn’t this come out earlier before the launching of the Mueller probe?		Did Hillary know?
If there was a spy in the Trump campaign looking for Russian collusion, why then do we need to investigate the Trump campaign to find Russian collusion? 🤔
“Donald Trump doesn’t just have the golden touch for business - he also has a heart of gold” 		People Magazine 2008
Highest homeless population in the United States:		New York City...76,501	Los Angeles...55,188	Seattle...11,643 	Washington D.C....7,473	San Jose...7,394	San Fransisco...6,858	Philadelphia...5,693		All have Democrat mayors, Democrat city councils, and all voted for Hillary by 80%
When tragedy strikes, if your immediate instinct is to restrict someone’s rights you are most likely a liberal
One of the major threats to America is the evil ideologies being taught in our colleges 		This leftist recited her talking points perfectly 		Anti-American, anti-freedom ideas must be killed		Your FEELINGS DONT MATTER!		The brilliant @RealCandaceO and I handled this one, quickly https://t.co/QlyNKLUxne
If the Bush FBI put a spy in the Obama campaign people would be in prison by now
Fact:		98% of all mass shootings occur in gun free zones
Maybe we should stop showing the killers face on TV and start showing the armed heroes that prevent these shootings 		Stop saying his name. Stop giving attention to murders. The attention is partly why they do this. 		Our media creates these monsters
Did you know: 		There were two school shootings prevented by armed guards this week. But that barely got any media coverage 		Instead the focus is on the carnage, and the narrative is now that guns need to be taken away 		The news manipulates minds to advance a gun control agenda
The NRA is continually the only organization to get blamed for actions their members do not commit
You mean like, building a wall? 🤔 https://t.co/2AbfKw8cW2
The Texas shooter was:		Bullied by coaches 	Had mental problems 	Wore communist and Nazi pins 	Illegally obtained the weapons 	Entered a gun free zone 		How is any of this the @NRA fault? 		🤔
Shooters go to places where there is no self-defense allowed 		Abolish gun fee zones. Implement armed guards. 		We protect our banks, celebrities, airports, and stadiums with guns 		Why not our kids? 		🤔
Planned Parenthood is spending 30 million dollars in the midterm elections 		If they have that kind of cash why the hell are taxpayers forced to subsidize them? 		🤔
Some people get so irritated when you dare defend natural rights and use facts 		#Tolerance 	#2A https://t.co/nqsavuHFSf
Did you know:		Over the last 25 years, the U.S. gun homicide rate has fallen by over half while the gun violence victimization rate has fallen by about 70%		Gun crime is rapidly decreasing as conceal carry becomes more abundant and people are allowed to legally protect themselves
According to Texas Gov. Greg Abbott, the Santa Fe shooter was illegally in possession of a .38 revolver and a shotgun		He broke current gun laws and was not properly supervised by his father 		A broken culture and school system failed this community		New gun laws won’t solve this
The shooter’s father should go to prison for the rest of his life for not securing his weapons and being an accessory to his son killing 10 innocent students 		Lock him up		#SantaFeHigh
We must teach young people how to think, not feel about political issues 		I don’t care how you “feel” about politics, Trump, or conservatives 		Tell me what you think 		Big difference.
Did you know: 		1 out of 8 of ALL circuit court judges in America have been appointed by President Trump, all strong conservatives! 		He is changing the courts for generations
I never thought I would see the day where calling rapist, murderous, gang members “animals” would offend leaders of a major political party
Planned Parenthood performs 160 abortions for every adoption referral 		Zero mammograms 		Spends millions to elect radical Democrats 		Performs 324,000 abortions a year 		If they truly did such important work, make them go find the $500 million without taxpayer support or subsidy
This week the left has tried to create public sympathy for Hamas and MS-13 animals 		They hate Trump so much they have created adoration of our brutal enemies
My great-grandparents weren’t MS-13 gang members who raped women, trafficked drugs, committed crimes, and ran child sex trafficking operations https://t.co/GBL0KWs8iv
If you believe in equal rights, then what do ‘women's rights’, ‘gay rights’, etc. mean? 		Either they are redundant or they are violations of the principle of equal rights for all
Dems 2018 platform: 		Bring back ISIS	Restart the Korean War	There are no genders 	Open borders 	Repeal 2nd amendment 	Illegals over veterans 	Let’s crash the stock market 	God is not real 	Raise your taxes 	The constitution sucks 	Nukes for Iran	Go back on government welfare
Yes, MS-13 members are animals 		Yes, illegals that traffic drugs are animals 		Yes, illegals that rape women are animals 		Yes, illegals who kill border patrol officers are animals 		Foreign nationals who illegally enter America and commit crimes are animals
The left hates conservatives 		But they especially hate black conservatives 		They are threatened by the idea of a widespread defection from the Democrat party 		When successful, the exodus away from liberal policies and leaders will crush the Democrat mob as we know it
Homicides each year:		496 with hammers and clubs 		323 with rifles and shotguns 		You can try and ban guns, but you cannot ban evil
If Sarah Sanders, Nikki Haley, KellyAnne Conway, Gina Haspel, and Hope Hicks were Democrats the feminist left would lift them up as icons 		Feminism no longer has anything to do with accomplishment or overcoming adversity 		It is about advancing a radical leftist agenda
All foreign aid should be cut to countries that burn the American flag and chant death to the US
If @Rosie was a Republican, her home would have been raided by the FBI and she would be held without bail
Did you know: 		Today a school shooting was stopped by an armed guard in Illinois? 		The media won’t tell you this		Guns save lives
There is more allegiance and adoration of Louis Farrakhan than Israel in the Democrat party
We are now seeing American media give nonstop sympathy coverage to dictator despots and terrorist regimes 		Hamas, North Korea, and Iran are getting favorable treatment because the media hates Trump that much
Do not confuse the news with the truth
Facts: 		Republicans ended slavery 		Democrats started the KKK
Trump will be the first President in history to have his net worth go down during the course of his candidacy and Presidency 		He ran to serve and fix this beautiful country		A true patriot
If a Democrat president would would have moved the embassy to Jerusalem every single Jewish liberal would be dancing in the streets praising the decision
The UN is a US taxpayer funded forum and globalist organization determined to weaken America and western civilization 		@nikkihaley is doing brilliant dealing with the anti-American forces around the world. She is a star!
Yes:		My taxes are lower 	The world is safer 	My freedoms are more secure 	Far less regulation to start &amp; grow a business 	Wages are going up 	Stock market soaring 	ISIS destroyed 	Peace on horizon in Korea		Who exactly isn’t better off, Chuck? Democrat politicians, like you? 🤔 https://t.co/5IOVZMpBA2
If a black man wore a Hillary hat into a restaurant was screamed at, berated, called N****R publicly, and made fun of for political beliefs there would be national outcry and the media would deem it a hate crime		Instead, silence		Why?		Because the left hates black conservatives
Britain would be speaking German and wouldn’t exist in its current form today if it wasn’t for Winston Churchill, the greatest man of the 20th century https://t.co/kzsakrH8Cm
Hey Congress, instead of taking August off why don’t you work through the summer like rest of us taxpayers 		Build &amp; Finance the wall	Repeal Obamacare 	Cut taxes again 	Repeal Dodd Frank 	Defund Planned Parenthood 	Confirm Trump’s nominees		Do this and you will WIN in November!!
1) You publish 15 minutes after Candace is aware of this story	2) you don't reach out for comment	3) She is overseas (you know this) 	4) You malign the movement's newest, strongest weapon 	5) Thank God Candace is no longer on team left. She understands the left &amp; knows how to win https://t.co/g7fbHTB0eN
Democrats would rather see Trump fail than America succeed
If we put the $500 million we give to Planned Parenthood each year towards the border we could end illegal immigration, build the wall, and secure the border once and for all
Never forget: 		Democrats aren’t afraid Trump will fail, they are horrified he will succeed
RT @RealCandaceO: So @buzzfeed has spent the last week attempting to threaten current college students that I used to work with into giving…
Illegals should not be allowed or granted any form of government benefits 		If you want to break our immigration laws then you will have to make it on your own. Don’t expect us to subsidize your lawbreaking
There was national outrage at @Starbucks when two men didn’t buy anything, refused to leave then blamed racism		Will there be outrage at @Cheesecake for their employees who berated a black man who quietly wore a #MAGA Trump hat?		Will they be required to do tolerance training? 🤔
All leakers should be fired immediately from the White House 		It is an honor and privilege to serve President @realDonaldTrump 		By the way, I know at least 2 leakers by name		They should resign before I call them out publicly
The UN should be defunded,  kicked out of America, and the US should withdraw immediately
The FBI spied on the Trump campaign 		Did Obama know? Did Obama give the order? 		A full investigation is needed, now
We should judge success by how many people get off welfare and find work, not how many people sign up for government programs paid for by others
Beautiful sight tonight on the streets of Jerusalem 		Hey @cnn will you finally stop accusing Trump of having white nationalist/anti-Semite ties? 		Jews and Israel love Trump! 		He has been the best President in US history for the Jewish people https://t.co/vIWFkWHQdX
I will never understand people who say they don’t trust the government then make it their life goal to grow government and give more power to politicians
Typical fallacious hit job against another loyal American 		My favorite quote:		“The Daily Beast has no evidence to indicate any of this actually happened”		Then why the hell even run an article like this? 		The media is determined to destroy this President at all cost https://t.co/46VFVlKuDy
I am much more worried about global government than global warming
Using children as human shields is evil 		The terrorists knew exactly what would happen if they stormed the fence		Israel has a right to defend its borders. This is a coordinated attack by Hamas to try and stir up a counter-narrative and attention against America and Trump https://t.co/bCILTOQL7U
At the dedication ceremony for the US embassy here in Jerusalem 		14 congressmen, 4 senators, and one governor are here 		Zero democrats. Zero. 		Democrats do not stand with Israel. They have turned their back on our closest ally in the Middle East
Promises made, promises kept! Jerusalem is the eternal capital of Israel. 		God Bless America, God bless Israel! https://t.co/QDKhUZl3yZ
Trump has been the greatest President in American history for the Jewish people
The left doesn’t want our history taught because once people understand history there is no way you can be a liberal
The left is brilliant at marketing bad ideas to vulnerable people 		They don’t care about improving people’s lives. They just want votes and political power
Productive meetings today in Israel! 		A special time with @IvankaTrump , Jared Kushner, and @RealCandaceO 		Very big things happening! https://t.co/U7H2KhNQ7q
BREAKING: Mueller to indict 62,984,828 Americans for conspiring to elect Trump
No country ever failed because there was too much economic freedom or that taxes were too low
Planned Parenthood robs 300,000 Moms from having kids each year https://t.co/XtgtbBNDxi
You ever hear of Democrat privilege?		It means you can commit crimes without going to jail		Like Hillary selling our uranium for cash		Like John Kerry violating the Logan act		Like Rosie O’Donnell illegally contributing to 5 candidates		When Republicans do this, they go to prison
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: “A young person voting for a Democrat is like a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders.” https://t.co/dAwiuRKoUB
Trump accomplished more this week than Obama did in 8 years 		3.9% unemployment 		Captured top 5 ISIS leaders 		North Korean meeting set and schedules denuclearization event 		Secured release of 3 US hostages 		Iran deal cancelled 		All time low black unemployment 6.6%		#MAGA
There are zero examples worldwide of the welfare state ever making people‘s lives better 		Instead it keeps people poor, miserable, stuck in suffering, and without hope 		The political elites love the welfare state because it guarantees them reelection and permanent power
If a politician promises they will fix a problem you can bet it’s going to get worse
Wait let me get this straight, people who can’t predict the weather 24 hours in advance are now telling us what global temperatures will be in 10 years? 🤔
Trump has done more good for the black community in 18 months than Obama did in 8 years
The welfare state is the oldest con game in the world 		First you take people’s money then you give a fraction back to them flamboyantly and expect thanks in return
Finally a President who stands with Israel! https://t.co/DojMdAKUNx
BREAKING: North Korea to hold ceremony dismantling nuclear site on May 23rd		The world is a safer place thanks to President Trump
All welfare recipients should be required to work, show a photo ID, prove their citizenship, and pass a drug test
Advocates of minority rights say they want more diversity yet they freak out when black conservatives are given a platform
Most people who believe they have bad luck actually just made really bad choices
Anyone else sick of your tax dollars being spent to try and dig up dirt on our President, while the FBI, Hillary, and Obama are getting off scot free?
Instead of a special counsel into the fake Trump/Russia allegations let’s have a special counsel look into the FBI		Who was fired after Parkland shooting error? 		Who put an FBI plant in Trump campaign? 		Why isn’t Comey being held for perjury for lying under oath? 		🤔
The generation that defeated communism now has to watch their grandkids advocate and march for it in the streets
I never thought I would see the day Democrats outwardly attack “free thinking” 		The more they tell black people how to vote and think, the more the rebellion will grow 		There is a full fledged exit and revolt happening within Democrat ranks 		One that will realign everything
America needs to be far less like California and much more like Texas
If an illegal is found stealing a social security number, they should be immediately deported 		If an illegal commits a crime, they should be immediately deported 		We cannot and should not assume the financial or societal burden of criminals that aren’t citizens
The left destroys everything it touches 		Cultural marxists are determined to destabilize western society via our culture, education system, and media 		The left doesn’t want borders, genders, markets, tradition, or order 		It won’t be easy, but we will win, and they will lose https://t.co/gA4n3XM0Yh
If I wanted to keep the poor permanently down I would create a society of victims, disallow disadvantaged kids from choosing better schools, give away just enough stuff to get people addicted to government,  prevent bad teachers from being fired, and then blame it all on racism
I support helping the needy 		I oppose funding the lazy
Proof of citizenship and a photo ID should be required to vote in every election
I have worked with Kelly Sadler		She is a wonderful person, loyal to @realDonaldTrump, and a loving mother 		Whether she said the joke or not is irrelevant. What matters more is the sanctimonious virtue signaling mob that demands firings		This has got to stop. Kelly should stay!
Democrats care more about the rights of terrorists than the rights of unborn children
Obama oversaw the creation of ISIS and the worsening of Korean nuclear tensions 		Trump has destroyed ISIS and has ended the Korean War
By executive order the President should demand the release of a list of every member of Congress who ever used taxpayer dollars to settle sexual harassment complaints
Obama sent terrorists back to the battlefield 		Trump brings American prisoners home
3.9% unemployment		Korean War is over		Largest tax cut ever		ISIS destroyed		US energy independent  		3 million + jobs created		99 stock market record highs		Approval rating over 50%		Black male approval doubled		Sounds like a President who will be re-elected convincingly
No pallets of cash		No billions to regimes that hate US		No “flexibility” till after the election		No “what difference does it make”		No more trading terrorists for traitors		Instead, our President flexes the muscle of American force to deliver historic peace		Peace is the prize https://t.co/qLq6XL1K3w
Here you have Obama’s senior foreign policy advisor and speechwriter telling us Trump’s strategy won’t accomplish anything in Korea		Meanwhile:		The war is ending 	Prisoners coming home	Denuclearization occurring 	Unification in sight 	Peace on the horizon 		Trump wins again https://t.co/TuwrXvyyYZ
Obama released 5 terrorist prisoners from Guantanamo bay in exchange for a traitor 		Trump brings home 3 prisoners from the evil communist North Korea and gives away nothing
I never thought I would see the day where US Senators are grilling a nominee for the CIA for being TOO TOUGH on terrorists that killed Americans and plotted to attack the homeland
Democrats oppose the wall for one major reason: 		As soon as we permanently stop the flow of illegals in our country it immediately stops becoming a marginalizing political issue		Democrats don’t care about their lives or their futures		They just want their votes
Bill Clinton gave nukes to North Korea 		Obama gave billions in cash and a path to nuke for Iran 		Hillary sold our uranium to Russia 		Trump has ended the Korean War 		Trump obliterated the Iran deal 		Trump stood up to Putin and won 		America is back and leading again
The more a society drifts away from the truth, the more it will hate those that speak it
A thief is more moral than most politicians		When a thief steals your money he doesn't demand you thank him
Democrats are more worried about the civil liberties of radical terrorists than the well-being of middle America
College social justice training 101: 		Whoever gets declared to be the biggest victim then is allowed to become the biggest bully
The President loves the way Candace Owens thinks! 		@RealCandaceO making a huge difference , so proud of her! https://t.co/FGJpf9oZBL
Breaking: US prisoners released from North Korea!
Obama gave hundreds of billions in sanction relief and piles of cash without congressional consent to a regime that funds: 		•Syrian Regime: Iran backs Shia militias fighting with Assad	•Hamas: Estimated $50M/year from Iran	•Hezbollah: Estimated $800M/year from Iran		No more!
Trump is the first President in history to get attacked for fulfilling his promises and for doing exactly what he said he was going to do
Our colleges are creating a generation of young people looking around waiting to be offended by something
Iran deal - TERMINATED 		Paris Climate deal - WITHDRAWN 		TPP - WITHDRAWN 		Individual mandate - REPEALED		Obama War on coal - ENDED 		Appeasing our enemies - OVER		Balance of the Supreme Court - RESTORED		Obama’s anti-American, anti-freeeom, anti-West legacy is being obliterated
No more piles of cash to terrorists 	No more hundreds of billions to a country that hates us	No more lying about radiation levels	No nukes for a country hellbent on destroying Israel, America, and the West	No more Obama deals that weaken America		Trump puts America first
I love seeing Trump obliterate Obama’s anti-American, anti-west, anti-freedom legacy
Did you know:		251,000 illegals have been arrested over 1.7 million times for 3 million combined offenses 		They commit crime at 3 times the rate of Americans 		Illegals count for 1/5 of all federal murder convictions and 25% of all federal prisoners 		They should not be here
The world is a safer more prosperous place thanks to President Trump 		#MAGA https://t.co/vDu8Lx96l2
My prediction today is that the President will withdraw us from the horrid Iran deal 		It is long overdue. We cannot give billions to our enemies, trust them to be honest with us, and then enable a path to nuclear weapons
I care far more about whether congressmen used our tax dollars to settle sexual harassment claims than this stupid Stormy Daniels story which was totally private
Did you know: 		World of Warcraft currency is worth 7 times as much as Venezuelan cash? 		The problem with Venezuela is not that socialism was improperly implemented, it is that it was perfectly implemented.
Never forget: the left does not fear the “damage” that Trump is causing this country. It is the fear of his success. 		If Trump continues to succeed the left will become permanently marginalized and lose control over its voters 		Liberals fear this more than anything else
The number of people getting free stuff largely outweighs the number of people paying for the free stuff 		Failure to change this will be the death of America as we know it
In reality it is New Yorkers who actually needed protection from you and your disgusting actions against women https://t.co/0qdxVwaTLa
Just because you have an “R” in front of your name doesn’t mean you will do a good job 		We need loyal, principled, committed leaders. Not moderates who want to hold office to attain power and be relevant
It’s called thinking, Michelle  		You should try it https://t.co/of8UZeuUlF
Colleges have become Marxist indoctrination centers and left-wing activist training camps 		10.4 - 1 ratio of Democrat to Republican professors at an average college 		39% of top tier liberal arts have ZERO GOP professors
You cannot legislate the poor into freedom by legislating the wealthy out of freedom 		The government cannot give to anybody anything that the government does not first take from somebody else  		You cannot multiply wealth by dividing it
I wish liberals would fight as hard for America as they do for other countries that hate us
School in CA has graphic mural depicting the President being killed by an Aztec warrior		Zero outrage from the mainstream press		If an artist distastefully depicted Obama like this there would be protests in the streets		The left no longer just hates Trump. They want him dead https://t.co/vg8tyMcKal
Did you know:		A higher percentage of Republicans than Democrats voted for the Civil Rights Act of 1964 &amp; the Voting Rights Act of 1965		It was the GOP whose 'Philadelphia Plan' in the 1970s sought to break the construction unions' racial barriers that kept blacks out of trades
Did you know: 		There were 28 illegals arrested last month in North Carolina for child rape 		They should have never have been here. 		They should be deported and we should charge their home country a significant sum for the damage they did to our country
Did you know: 		More black men were killed in Chicago under Obama than during the entire Vietnam war?		That is Obama's Chicago legacy: 		Death, debt, bankruptcy, despair, and a crumbling city
But he wants Obama there 		That tells you everything you need to know about McCain https://t.co/fJ6FEEDy4z
John Kerry should have his passport revoked for trying to undercut the Trump administration's dealings with Iran		He is subverting US officials, the Presidency, and America's best interests
So @DineshDSouza reimburses a friend for a campaign contribution and got jail time 		Will Rosie O’Donnell go to prison for breaking federal campaign law 5 times and exceeding contribution limits? 		🤔
What you and @tedlieu are doing - accusing Trump and his allies of Russian collusion without ANY evidence - is corrosive to our country, republic, &amp; culture 		You are a repugnant demagogue who has shamelessly created a career using zero evidence or facts only bloviating vapor https://t.co/VqfOT6c2bL
3.9% unemployment ✅	Korean War is over ✅	Largest tax cut in US history ✅	ISIS destroyed ✅	6.6% black unemployment (lowest ever) ✅	Trillions of $ coming back to US ✅	Most dramatic deregulation in US history ✅		What exactly is the left resisting? 		🤔
So @Alyssa_Milano attended an anti gun rally surrounded by armed guards 		She says she hates guns but of course needs them to feel safe
There are only two genders
“The most racist and hateful attacks I receive are from supposed black tolerant liberals” 		@RealCandaceO speaking truth, as always!! https://t.co/OA7zhf4Xhm
Did you know: you are 114 times more likely to be victim of an acid attack in London than a mass shooting in the US?
Trump has successfully eliminated 22 regulations for every new one put on the books 		Yet Obama’s regulatory army is still there and targeting business 		The FTC is Obama’s legacy against business and American prosperity		This must be stopped immediately		https://t.co/9kGvwZxMTe
Capitalism: an unequally shared blessing of abundance and surplus 		Socialism: an equally shared amount of misery and suffering
Liberals see racism where it does not exist, fabricate it when they can’t find it and ignore it when it is one of their own
Democrats would much rather see Trump fail than America succeed
The constitution was not written for the times, it was written to stand the test of time
With leaders like @KyleKashuv our next generation is going to be just fine https://t.co/FMGQdc4Rqb
Kyle is an American hero. With his leadership we will continue our great movement to hundreds of more high schools training thousands of students! https://t.co/1J0uYaYhcf
Don’t try and take our guns away #2A https://t.co/KRSw5GeaE6
Once you give up your rights don’t expect to get them back
If voter fraud isn’t real, why are the Democrats preventing any investigations into it?		If it truly doesn’t exist, wouldn’t an investigation prove their point? 		🤔
Hey liberals: if America is truly such a racist, bigoted, sexist, horrible place why do you want all of these foreigners to come here? 🤔
The best people 	#MAGA https://t.co/QUBjfcfu7U
Prayer is not just something you do flippantly before a meal or before an event		Prayer is a direct conversation with God, a chance to unburden yourself before him		Jesus prayed daily as a way to grow closer to the father		There is divine power in prayer		#NationalPrayerDay
Hey @BernieSanders:		“Venezuelan inflation quadruples to 18,000 percent in two months, with no end in sight”		Instead of bringing your horrific Marxist ideas to the US why don’t you go live a few days in ACTUAL socialism? 		🤔
Black male support for Trump doubled from 11% to 22% in just 10 days since @RealCandaceO broke the internet with the help of @kanyewest 		If this trend continues and holds, it will be the death of the Democrat party		Let the exodus continue
Freedom only exists if citizens have the means to defend it
The left would much rather live in a world of comfortable lies than hard truths
Liberals would much rather see rich people become poor than poor people become rich
Obama oversaw the creation of ISIS		Obama got extremely close to conflict with North Korea		Obama gave billions to Iran and a path to nuclear weapons		Trump has destroyed ISIS		Trump ended the Korean War 		Trump will end the Iran deal 		The world is a safer place thanks to Trump
Heres how it works: 		Government steals way too much of our money at gunpoint, gives it to unelected, unknown, unaccountable bureaucrats to then punish those of us who wish to live free		Then they spend trillions on useless crap just to say they need more money		Taxation is theft https://t.co/OGbWrPO5jl
A Reuters poll taken on April 22, 2018 had Trump’s approval rating among black men at 11%, while the same poll on April 29, 2018 pegged the approval rating at 22%		The defection from the Democrat party is happening and they are moving to Trump		The death of the Democrat party
Liberals hate borders yet live in gated communities 		Liberals hate guns yet walk around with armed guards 		Liberals hate school choice yet send their kids to private school 		The left would rather tell you how to live YOUR life than actually improving their own https://t.co/Vsuoblrcr6
The Boy Scouts are removing the word “boy”		The left’s war on genders, science, and biology continues 		Girls should never have been let in the Boy Scouts		The left is hellbent on destroying institutions that develop leaders around the ideas of god, service, country, &amp; patriotism
Recap: @JoyAnnReid wrote horribly homophobic blog posts, lied about it, tried to cover it up with the help of NBC, denied the cover up, and then released a weak apology 		If a conservative did this they would be fired, not allowed on TV, and all advertisers would be pulled
The purest form of prejudice is assuming someone’s political beliefs based simply on their skin color
Hey @jimmykimmel why did you demagogue the national conversation to advocate for socialized healthcare when it came to your son, but you remain shockingly silent when socialized medicine killed Alfie Evans? 🤔
Armed guards are good enough to protect our banks, celebrities, sporting events, concerts, airports and athletes but not our schools? 		🤔
Wait a second, these illegal border jumpers crossed all of Mexico safely from Central America		Why can't they take asylum there? 🤔
There was more outrage against Kanye wearing a MAGA hat than the 600+ black on black murders that happen in Chicago each year
Your gender or color of your skin should not dictate what ideas you have or political party you support
We are honored to have her as our communications director at @TPUSA 		She is a once in a generation talent poised to make a historic difference! https://t.co/cLgLSR5N8C
Democrats value black votes more than black lives
So proud of @RealCandaceO for her interview with @kanyewest on @TMZ 		She stood her ground, was incredibly articulate, and brilliant as always! https://t.co/n8RsZNBMS8
RT @TPUSA: “My Righteous Point of View is Free Thought.” - @kanyewest 		#FreeThought #LiveFree https://t.co/I6atLrKGfh
Just two free thinkers trying to change the world https://t.co/GkwF311IHM
Here we go, @RealCandaceO and @kanyewest going LIVE on TMZ https://t.co/1m6Pv2qhvz
Try being informed instead of just opinionated
Marxism resulted in 100 million civilians murdered in the last 100 years 		Marxism has been tried 100 times in 100 years on 6 continents 		It has never worked		Not even close, and always results in cultural destruction, immeasurable catastrophe, widespread death, and suffering https://t.co/c0bxTl1zD8
Stop calling them migrants. 		They are criminal foreign national border jumpers 		Don’t reward lawlessness. They are illegally in Mexico trying to illegally enter the US 		A nation without borders is not a nation
Just because you are offended doesn't mean you are right
Free thinkers only https://t.co/Y0IvZeQDnm
If you attack a liberal woman you are called "sexist" 		If you attack a conservative women you are called "funny"
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is a beautiful, strong, accomplished mother and leader 		She stands her ground against the media, is raising wonderful children, and handles herself with tremendous grace 		No wonder why the left hates her
The left pretends to be for woman's empowerment, then brutally attacks high ranking women for their looks and appearances if they happen to be conservatives
Judge people as individuals, not as part of a collective or some fictitious identity group
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO @RealCandaceO !!		I have a feeling today will be a special day for you!! 		Honored to be working and fighting with someone so talented, driven, smart, passionate, and visionary 		#ILoveTheWayCandaceOwensThinks https://t.co/z1PBzIdTU8
So when a liberal apologizes you call it valiant, but when a conservative apologizes you don’t accept it, boycott their show, and round up the mob to have their advertisers pull funding? 🤔 https://t.co/nwtYHMeWSg
President Trump ended the Korean War
Trump is the first President ever to accomplish more than he promised
Today is one of those days I am just so thankful Donald Trump is President of the greatest country ever to exist
For months @RealCandaceO has been saying black democrats need to “get off the plantation” 		Kanye then says he “loves the way Candace Owens thinks” 		Candace was inspired by @kanyewest but it seems Kanye is now inspired by Candace 		Monumental cultural changing moment https://t.co/TsfhmuiSvk
Thanks @jack , I hope the problems surrounding our content ends. 		Also would love to hear your take on “shadow banning” and de-verifying people like @JamesOKeefeIII https://t.co/Eay1vjOtCj
Democrat policies are designed to keep people poor, they want millions of dependent voters getting just enough money to get by, but never enough education or opportunity to break out of poverty
This is unbelievably ironic 		@YouTube has blocked my @prageru video warning about censorship and encouraging diversity of thought 		Silicon Valley leftists are threatened by conservative ideas and will stop at nothing to silence them 		“Tolerance” unless you disagree with them https://t.co/OmNt5INMrR
If you are looking for someone to blame for your problems you will never run out of options		Victimhood is an endless trap resulting in a miserable outlook on life and hating everyone who has more than you
Liberals want open borders yet live in gated communities
If you are watching Jordan Peterson videos and praising @RealCandaceO soon you will be on board. And unlike the left, we love disagreement and diversity of opinion https://t.co/hwEsVxRnAE
Wait, did @jack just apologize?		@RealCandaceO broke the internet, started a black revolution, and got the CEO of twitter to apologize all in one week 		SHE IS KHALEESI , BREAKER OF CHAINS, MOTHER OF DRAGONS 🐉👑 https://t.co/i2Z7VW3AT2
RT @RealCandaceO: Thank you, Jack! I fully accept your apology. It’s important that despite political differences, we remember the human be…
“I don’t need to see more black faces, I need to see more black results. And @realDonaldTrump is delivering those.” 		Brilliant @RealCandaceO https://t.co/Vmpyq2bJjN
Why doesn’t Mexico offer asylum to the border jumpers that are coming to America via a caravan this weekend? 🤔
Too kind, Katie		@RealCandaceO is a once in a generation talent uniquely positioned to make a historic difference. Honored to play a small role and help achieve her righteous vision. https://t.co/1Dl4nEFZD0
Last year we made history with thousands of students in Palm Beach! 		We plan to double it this year! 		Apps open, apply now! 		—&gt; https://t.co/BUkiNac9lI https://t.co/RcBtDWx5tD
Obama's policies created ISIS, did nothing to stop N. Korea from getting nukes, allowed Putin to do whatever he wanted, &amp; never stood up to Assad 		Trump has obliterated ISIS, ending the Korean war, stood up to Putin (and won), and punished Assad		Give Trump the Nobel Peace Prize
Until 1970, Black women were more likely to be married than white women		Then the welfare state kicked in thanks to LBJ’s great society 		1965 black single motherhood was 21% 		2018 black single motherhood is 77%
If a city or state is bankrupt, full of crime, flooded with illegals, filled with broken schools, overrun with vagrancy, hopeless, and experiencing record crime you can be sure a Democrat is in charge
I wish certain Republican members of Congress were as proud to support Trump as Kanye West is
We have spent 2 trillion dollars on social welfare programs since 1960’s yet the groups they were supposed to “help” have become poorer and worse off 		These programs are designed to keep people poor and keep democrats in power 		Things are now changing		People are waking up
The left pretends to love free speech until you say something they disagree with
The left has no tolerance for being tolerant of conservative ideas
Our prison system is a mess 		Trump is fighting for overdue criminal justice reform		This bill is a game changer for black Americans		Why won’t the Democrats support this? 🤔		https://t.co/KtgYvm5bsL
If Republicans win just 20% of the black vote they win states like New Jersey, Connecticut, Illinois, Michigan, and Virginia		The Democrats are dependent on keeping political control over the black community		You are witnessing a tectonic realignment that could change everything
I am a proud Eagle Scout 		It is a national disgrace that girls are being allowed into the Boy Scouts
One of the greatest lies penetrating our universities is the idea we have a country rigged against black people 		America is the least racist country in the world. Anyone who comes here can succeed if they make the right choices 		White privilege is a racist lie 		RT! https://t.co/WyH5xv7kIe
If Kanye was a proud Hillary supporter the media wouldn’t call him crazy or mentally ill, they would be celebrating him		If Kanye was a democrat Hollywood would be saying he is a “visionary” &amp; “wise”		The democrat Hollywood industrial complex can not afford defections 		It’s time
Black unemployment at record low ✅	Latino unemployment at record low ✅	First ever female black brigadier general appointed ✅	Millions of blacks have double child tax credit ✅	Black wages going up ✅		You only hate him because you are afraid to fight the Democrat mob https://t.co/eMSxOxvs6p
I hired @RealCandaceO 4 mins after meeting her. She told me she was going to lead the ideological black revolution against the democrats and leftists. I knew she could and would do it. 		95% of blacks vote for the policies and leaders that harm them 		The exit is happening
The black exit from the democrat party has begun courtesy of @RealCandaceO https://t.co/pkrshOyy6B
Kanye West is successfully challenging the democrat mob 		He is a cultural icon praising the President he is supposed to hate. He is endorsing diversity of opinion and thinking		And he has the most popular celebrity family defending him 		The ideological civil war has begun...
The left hates the idea there are other ideas. Kim is spot on here https://t.co/kp2CvodJws
The left needs people to need them
Isn’t it curious that Mexico never stops these illegals when they come from Central America on their way to the US? 		They don’t want them in their country because they will create a burden and societal chaos
Assault weapon is a made up term, that categorization simply doesn’t exist   		Removal of semi-automatic weapons? So basically your position is a universal and blanket gun ban		So yes, you and your classmates ARE advocating for taking people’s guns away https://t.co/1HITDjIZtL
A celebrity says something nice about a  liberal: he is called a genius 		A celebrity says something positive about a conservative: he is called crazy, a drug addict, insane, and out of control
RT @RealCandaceO: Imma let Black Lives Matter finish but... the Thought Police have the highest records of brutality against blacks of all…
As soon as @kanyewest starts defecting from the leftist mob the media pulls these bs “crazy” and “insane” labels on him 		He is advocating for diversity of thought, new ideas, discussion, and disagreement 		The left hates those things as they represent a threat 		Go YEEZY Go
If you live in America you are not oppressed, a victim, or owed anything 		You are part of a group of the luckiest humans ever to live 		Be thankful, work your ass off, honor god, improve yourself, be better tomorrow than today, and give back 		Embrace American privilege
The left loves to talk about Australian gun control 		From University of Melbourne study:		In the Australian context, the high expenditure incurred to fund the 1996 gun buyback has not translated into any tangible reductions in terms of firearm deaths
The problem with Venezuela is not that socialism was poorly implemented, the issue is that it was perfectly implemented.
Liberals hate walls yet live in gated communities 		Liberals hate guns yet walk around with armed guards 		Liberals hate school choice yet they send their kids to private schools 		Leftists want to tell YOU how to live and do something different entirely themselves 		RT! https://t.co/x4wWGKmfnn
A cop is 18 times more likely to be shot by a black man than an unarmed black man is to be shot by a cop		12% of Hispanic homicides were death by a cop, yet only 4% of black homicides were death by a cop		In NYC blacks are 23% of the population yet commit 75% of all the shootings https://t.co/xx6Cp3w9HI
Horrible car attack in Toronto 		Maybe they should ban automobiles? 		You can ban stuff all day, but you can’t ban evil
RT @RealCandaceO: Here is the 2nd part of my smack down with Black Lives Matter. Spent today laughing at the clowns who are LYING to black…
The left needs people to be victims. As soon as they become VICTORS their entire political plot and agenda crumbles		We believe in the power of the individual to rise above government welfare and dependence		The left needs people to need them		Don't be a victim, be a victor
Don’t say we didn’t warn you 		@RealCandaceO is going to change the world. I just want to be an auxiliary https://t.co/Ail80EUzPs
The caravan should not be allowed into the United States. Mexico should be ashamed they didn’t stop these border jumpers themselves. They are law breakers and should be immediately deported back to their country. It is a disgrace.
If you think college is expensive now just wait until it is free
College has become a place where students are going into debt to study majors that don’t matter to go find jobs that don’t exist
Women control 80% of all financial decisions in America 		Isn’t that the real power? Not who earns the money but who spends it? 		🤔
White privilege is a racist lie 	The patriarchy is a myth and doesn't exist 		The blessing that is real that our schools won't teach: American privilege 		We are so damn lucky to live in the greatest country ever to exist
One of the most troubling political ironies of our time is how much control Democrats have over the black community		95% of blacks vote for the very policies and politicians that put them in poverty. Democrats help poor people stay poor		@RealCandaceO will change this. Just watch
The Black &amp; Native American community have the highest rate of government dependence per capita		They are the poorest, have highest crime rates, &amp; single motherhood rates, by far 		They also vote 90% Democrat 		Something has to change politically for their communities to improve
Today I spent 2 hours with my hero 		Video coming soon https://t.co/YkFvpoOkJf
Surround yourself with people that push you and make you better 		Loss for words of how PROUD I am of @RealCandaceO 		She is accomplishing everything I knew she would. No one works harder than her towards the goal of waking up the black community 		 She is just getting started https://t.co/CvwpgeswJb
There is no first amendment without the second amendment
If conservative ideas were truly that bad &amp; unpopular why does the left try to censor them? Why do activists shout down speakers? If no one liked our ideas, no one would follow us, attend our speeches, or engage with us		It is because the left is scared we might be winning
Hey @jack why is @Twitter not allowing my followers to retweet my stuff? I get these messages everyday 		Shadow-banned? Censored? 		This crap has got to stop https://t.co/BL7QkwVcYe
Can’t believe how fast these guys grew up 		Oh and yes I can beat you one on one https://t.co/CgcIbayubm
The left cares more about people's feelings in the middle east than the economic well being of people in middle America
Today @kanyewest had some incredible words to say about the amazing @RealCandaceO https://t.co/5Ys6BaZkts
RT @RealCandaceO: I’m freaking out. @kanyewest ....please take a meeting with me. I tell every single person that everything that I have be…
And this is why I call @RealCandaceO the chosen one https://t.co/70wPdrfnXS
Political correctness is a weapon used by those who wish to silence the truth
If a Democrat President got North Korea to suspend its nuclear operation the media would crown that President as a historic peacemaker and leader 		They will instead say Trump had nothing to do this and it is Obama who deserves credit
Trump is on pace to actually deserve a Nobel peace prize
President Trump is delivering peace that no other US President has been able to achieve with Korea in over 60 years https://t.co/8oTzgjhI4e
RT @RealCandaceO: Black Lives Matter protesters showed up to my @UCLA event to protest. Here is a video clip of me smacking them down with…
On Tuesday I will be speaking to a crowd of MSD students with @KyleKashuv and @RealCandaceO in Parkland, FL		Wouldn’t it be great if @davidhogg111 or @Emma4Change showed up to have a conversation about guns in America and school safety? 🤔
There’s no problem that the government can’t make worse
Was it Russia that forced you not to visit Michigan or Wisconsin the last 4 months of the campaign? 🤔 https://t.co/9pTHZ4yipD
People should not go to prison for using, producing, or selling marijuana
Just because you think something should be legal doesn't mean you want to force it upon others		Don't like guns? Don't buy one		Don't like weed? Don't smoke it		Don't like alcohol? Don't drink it		Freedom also means the ability to say no &amp; walk away		That is not government's role
Democrats love to spend money, except on securing our border		Preventing illegal immigration will save taxpayers the burden of $115 billion a year in benefits 	Less crime &amp; less prisoners		US government has a 4.4 TRILLION dollar budget, but we can’t find 10 billion for a wall? 🤔 https://t.co/9d8hm5LZCz
Democrats help the poor stay poor
Someone asked @RealCandaceO and I how many genders there are https://t.co/KyHLbWRDvb
The left says Trump hates and disrespects women 		Trump has empowered more women in high level positions than any other POTUS in history 		First female campaign manager to win a presidential campaign ✅		First woman press secretary in 10 years ✅		The facts are quite clear https://t.co/ZRT3xm4rmG
College admissions should be based on merit, grades, &amp; test scores. Not skin color		Affirmative action is a racist program that punishes Asian Indian, and white students based on something they cannot control		I thought the goal was to create a colorblind society? 🤔
All welfare and food stamp recipients should be drug tested and required to work or do community service
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "On college campuses, the most intolerant people are those people that preach tolerance." https://t.co/4KdqSp…
This is the amazing success of the @realDonaldTrump tax cut 		Allied Wallet pledges to create 1,000 NEW jobs thanks to tax reform!! 		Andy Khawaja, CEO, gives total credit to the new tax law for reason for expansion 		Economy is booming! 		https://t.co/NK8agwH0WB
To anger a conservative lie to him 		To anger a liberal tell him the truth
Affirmative action is reverse racism
I grew up thinking the left wanted what was best for America		I used to give them the benefit of the doubt		I now firmly believe the left wants to complete destruction of everything we hold dear		No borders. Societal chaos. Death of markets. Globalism.		We must win
Whether or not you agreed with the strikes in Syria, it is unmistakable that Trump totally won this standoff with Putin 		Our enemies now fear us. Trump has restored respect for America on the international stage
Every person who votes should be required to show an ID 		Voter fraud is real
Illegal immigrants are treated better than conservatives in California
Fresno State Professor celebrating the death of Barbara Bush,  bragging about her $100K salary and how because of tenure she cannot be fired and won’t be fired no matter what she says 		@Fresno_State does this represent your values? https://t.co/iYBHRUhywu
The left would much rather tell you how to live your life than actually work to improve their own
Liberals hate the rich a lot more than they care for the poor
Trump will be the best President of our lifetime 		Prove me wrong		#MAGA https://t.co/wEwIRYwMlo
When you are a student of color and you are a vocal conservative, you will be attacked as a “token” 		This is a horribly racist statement published in the @TxStateBobcats   student newspaper 		The campus left has become more racist than the enemy they pretend to wish to destroy https://t.co/fpgAwOuxRH
Tonight I will be speaking with the great @RealCandaceO and @RubinReport at UC Berkeley 		My message will be quite clear: 		Open borders are inhumane	We must build a militarized wall	There are only 2 genders 	Berkeley should be defunded 	Deport every illegal in prison
Did you know the annual financial burden on taxpayers for subsidizing illegal immigrants is $115 billion a year?
Hey Liberals! If the government did such a great job of helping people, why don’t you voluntarily send more of your money today to the IRS? What’s stopping you? 🤔
Taxation is theft
The Bible is the most spectacular &amp; greatest book ever to exist 		No book has been translated, copied, or read as much as the Bible		66 books, 35 authors, 5,000 years of history		Every human problem can be answered in the Bible		So why aren’t students being taught the Bible? 🤔
Tomorrow millions of Americans send in trillions of dollars to an unelected, unaccountable, and unknown group of deep state bureaucrats determined to undermine capitalism &amp; individual liberty		47% of Americans don’t pay income tax		We are split between a nation of makers &amp; takers
Since the media cares so much about “hush money” can we talk about the $850,000 Bill Clinton paid to Paula Jones to keep her quiet?
Why can't we defund Planned Parenthood and give that $500 million a year to women's clinics that don't perform abortions? 🤔
Income tax: the fine you pay for being a productive member of society.		Welfare: the reward you get for being an unproductive members of society.
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "The greatest threat to Western civilization is what's going on on our college campuses today." https://t.co/…
Ivanka Trump represents America brilliantly. Her new initiative is pro-growth and opens up opportunity for millions of people! https://t.co/eEea2UaAmb
RT @RealCandaceO: Literally just fan-girled so hard. Thomas Sowell has fought his entire life for black conservatism. Everyone PLEASE watch…
Our borders are OPEN. Not secure, politicians "all talk no action" have allowed the flow of drugs, crime, and criminals into US for too long		I saw it myself: 		WIDE OPEN! 		No wall, no fence, NOTHING protecting our homeland		We MUST support @RealDonaldTrump  and BUILD THE WALL! https://t.co/KK9jk5lFkv
When Comey testified in front of Congress he said he knew nothing about wiretapping of Trump or transition team. He was under oath. 		Why won’t he be held criminally accountable for lying under oath?
Why didn't Comey tell Trump that the fake dossier was paid for by Hillary Clinton and the DNC? Why didn't Comey disclose this info to the then President-elect?
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "A nation is defined by its borders. You have a weak border, you have a weak country." https://t.co/yc9rW2VsYd
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "Despite all the horror that's happening on our college campuses, I've never been more optimistic about the f…
“Undocumented” means someone messed up paperwork 		“Illegal” means they broke the law entering America  		They are illegal aliens.
Why does Sheriff Israel still have a job? How many FBI agents have been fired due to missing the tips? Have the Cowards of Broward been fired?		All we hear about is gun control, when in reality we refuse to actually hold those responsible accountable
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "There's a lot of division happening in this country. More speech is going to solve that, not dis-invitation…
The Democrats aren’t afraid Donald Trump will fail, they are afraid he will succeed
Hillary Clinton said Trump was a “racist and white supremacist” 		Meanwhile black and Latino unemployment a lowest ever level		Trump just appointed first ever black female to be brigadier general 		Oh and never forget, the Democrats started the KKK https://t.co/RMtfXL8afB
A Marxist told me that his professors don’t share his views 		A statement I find hard to believe 		He then admitted he wasn’t an economics major 		I responded 		“Well, that’s why you are a Marxist” https://t.co/x9h2ai7AoS
Hey ANTIFA! 		Why wear the masks? If you are so proud to stand for your beliefs why hide? 		Only a coward has to wear a mask in public		Are you afraid you might be seen for who you really are: radical, unhappy, narcissistic losers with no purpose, drive, or meaning in your life?
Today masked ANTIFA thugs stormed our @TPUSA conference trying to prevent us from hosting our Midwest conference		The police are now calling this: “terrorism”		We will NOT succumb to these radical leftists who wish to silence and destroy conservatives 		WE FIGHT BACK		RT https://t.co/yzlGsol7DK
McCabe leaked documents to the WSJ and then opened an investigation trying to find who leaked. Hundreds of man hours totally wasted on a false flag he created		Thank goodness he is fired without pay		We need to fire more
Look I don’t care what anyone says, numerous times I’ve been having a convo then all of a sudden a product or very specific company will pop up in my Facebook feed 		Something sketchy going on there
This article needs to be spread and read by every single liberal 		Idea of "white privilege" is racist 	Black only dorms are racist	Latino segregated math classes are racist		Science is quite clear, we are all human beings		Race is made up. Stop using it		https://t.co/CzqFYNJXMV
Back when Obama was President Ted Lieu didn’t find anything wrong with the idea of striking Syria constitutionally		Last night he tweeted in all caps “TRUMP’S STRIKES ARE UNCONSTITUTIONAL”		Ted you are a hypocrite and a pathological liar 		RT to spread the truth https://t.co/BYokMjjAa6
Just because your feelings are hurt, doesn’t mean your argument is correct
“They are just clumps of cells.” 	“They are not even human yet.”	“They don’t deserve protection”	“This is just a fetus”	“They don’t feel pain”	#marchforscience https://t.co/zjKv7zI4GG
Different day, same facts 		#MarchForScience https://t.co/8dWxJq1esY
I think Nikki Haley will make a wonderful first female President after Trump finishes his second term
RT @FoxNews: TOMORROW on "Life, Liberty, &amp; Levin," @marklevinshow talks to @charliekirk11 - Tune in at 10p ET on Fox News Channel! https://…
A “fetus”  in the womb has: 		• quarts of a different blood type	• separate heartbeat	• separate brain activity 	• unique DNA	• different race	• different gender		We didn’t know most of this when roe VS Wade was decided 		#MarchForScience
There are only two genders 		Race is a made up concept 		A fetus is a human life 		It is debated our contribution to rising global temperatures 		Men are better at some things than women, women are better at other things than men 		This is all science. 		#marchforscience
The concept of race is totally made up. It is not rooted in genetics or science 		Yet the left wants us to allow people into college based on race 		Support groups that are race based: Black Lives Matter etc 		Why is the left so obsessed with something not rooted in science? 🤔
Trump is the worst “Russian puppet ever”		Directly defies Russian wishes in Syria		Expels Russian diplomats 		Puts sanctions on Russia 		Expands missle defense capabilities near Crimea 		Strengthens NATO against Russian aggression
You are a moron. War Powers Act of 1973 clearly allows a President 60 days to use military force until having to go in front of Congress. Every President has used this authority constitutionally over the past 40 years, including Obama where you stayed selectively silent. https://t.co/4aGlmfmAx1
Assad is an animal. 		War is a horrible horrible thing, but if not America, then who else will prevent evil dictators like him from using these weapons against civilians?
If the Obama admin did their job and didn’t lie repeatedly about it, tonight wouldn’t have been necessary. Obama admin lied about removal of chemical weapons and then didn’t enforce their own red line https://t.co/SbEHpW8asJ
Can we officially end the “Trump is a Russian puppet” thing now?
Under President Trump, if you cross a red line, you will pay
For the first time this year I actually think CNN is going to be forced to cover actual news tonight
Perpetual illegal immigration is part of a scheme to create societal &amp; political chaos. When the rule of law is voided for 15 million illegals then what laws actually matter? Does citizenship mean anything?		A nation is defined by its borders, enforce the rule of law
One of the greatest threats to America is an entire generation of young people that have been horribly infected with the ideas of marxism and anti-Americanism 		I worry terribly that before we even get a chance to share our ideas they will have so many false notions we cannot win
Modern day feminism is much more about hating men than empowering women
You mean like honoring the sabbath, greeting customers politely, serving delicious waffle fries, paying workers above minimum wage, and giving back to the community? 🤔 https://t.co/mdUgUbZei3
California should be the best state in the US 		Instead it is overrun by illegals, debt, crime, drug use, vagrancy, and depravity 		What could have been a successful state has been totally destroyed 		Why?		Liberalism. 		The left destroys everything it touches
Nikki Haley embodies EVERYTHING the left pretends to support 		Daughter of an immigrant 	Insurgent successful governor 	Indian American heritage 	Strong female leadership 	Definitive stance against racism in SC		Yet the left and media hates her 🤔
The left cares far more about ruining other people’s lives than trying to improve their own
I was invited by several students to speak at Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL 		It seems there has been a decision to not allow me on campus. However, I bet if I was advocating for gun confiscation things would be quite different 		https://t.co/jmBChoGLOQ
“Whatever I see or hear of a confidential nature or that is confided to me in my official capacity will be kept ever secret unless revelation is necessary in the performance of my duty.”		An excerpt from the Law-enforcement code of ethics		James Comey is a dishonorable man
Why didn't Comey pursue charges against Hillary Clinton based on this federal law about destroying documents under subpoena? 		Hillary took illegally hammers to phones, bleach-bit her emails, and smashed records 		Comey let her off the hook 		Honorable guy?		🤔 https://t.co/KGGx438HC2
Comey is a self interested leaker defying FBI protocol and ethics by publishing this book		Why didn’t Comey ever address the tarmac meeting between Lynch and Bill Clinton? 		Why was Hillary cleared 3 days after? 		Why did Comey lie under oath about Trump wiretapping?
Remember guys they aren’t coming to take our guns away https://t.co/dDhwSZJTUi
Planned Parenthood does 160 abortions for every adoption referral 		Zero mammograms 		Spends millions to elect radical Democrats 		And yet they take $500 million dollars a year in taxpayer funding
The left loves to shows us their “COEXIST” bumper stickers 		They really should say: 		“COMPLY, or else”
Be careful what freedoms you give up, you might never get them back
Comey under oath March 2017: 		"In regards to the President's tweets about him being wiretapped I have no information that supports those tweets as we have looked carefully inside the FBI"		This would be called perjury. 		Comey knew about the wiretapping, and denied it.
We need immigrants to our country that want to make not take, give not receive.
How about your address the fact you have hundreds of thousands of people in London that are refusing to assimilate to western society instead of trying to take knives away? https://t.co/ulAUGuiAEp
Open borders are inhumane borders	Open borders are a sign of a weak country 	Open borders create political and societal chaos 	Open borders allows the flow of drugs, crime, and illegal guns into America 		A nation is defined by its borders 		Build. The. Wall.
What the media won’t admit: 		Trump foreign policy is working 		Korean Peninsula on way to denuclearization 		ISIS obliterated 		Our enemies fear us, and our allies once again respect us
I thought Trump hates women and is a racist? 🤔 https://t.co/qlzZjoUhiF
RT @FoxBusiness: .@charliekirk11: "A young person voting for a Democrat is like a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders, you're not going to e…
A young person voting for a democrat is like a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders
You are entitled to your own opinion, but you are not entitled to your own facts
This is a real mural put up at USC 		This is amazingly racist. No one is good or bad based simply on skin color 		The left is race obsessed. They are indoctrinating students being “white” is bad. 		THIS. IS. RACISM		They are accusing us of what they actually are 		RT https://t.co/PN78iv1Oev
I have been invited by students at Parkland high school to come as a guest speaker in the coming 2 weeks. I excitedly accept and look forward to discussing our right to bear arms in front of a captive student audience 		This is of course unless I get blocked by the administration https://t.co/MUxaUefhxm
It’s very easy to be generous with other people’s money
The UN should be totally defunded by US taxpayers 		We should no longer fund blatant anti-Americanism and globalist schemes aimed to destroy our sovereignty
A deal is a deal. I will be there! Well done, and keep fighting for freedom! You are everything @TPUSA stands for! https://t.co/J9jmfTywXr
The left loves to create victims 		Conservatives want to create victors, who overcome adversity, struggle, and obstacles
Hey Berkeley!		@RealCandaceO and @RubinReport and I will be crashing your leftist safe space next week! 		Quick talk preview: 		Build the wall 	Defund your campus 	Deport criminal illegals 	End chain migration 	There are only 2 genders 		Register below: 		https://t.co/6p2Nvmi38L https://t.co/oUdGFOIiuq
The murder and crime rate is skyrocketing in London		The city is responding by banning personal ownership of knives, screwdrivers, scissors and pliers		Maybe London should think about stopping the import of hundreds of thousands of migrants who don’t assimilate to western culture
Below is a clip where a student claimed the left is “pro gun” 		Mao took the guns	Stalin took the guns 	Pol Pot took the guns 	Hitler took the guns	Castro took the guns 	Mugabe took the guns 	Chavez took the guns		The largest mass murders always start with disarming the public https://t.co/XS9mhuGquO
One year ago Neil Gorsuch was swore in as a Supreme Court Justice 		One of the most under appreciated and impactful wins of the Trump presidency is his amazing conservative judge selections 		He is reshaping the courts for an entire generation away from activist liberal judges!
The left destroys everything it touches
Liberals are very tolerant, as long as you agree with them
I hope just one Senator asks Zuckerberg this: 		Why didn't you apologize after opening up your platform to Obama's campaign that led to his victory? 		Why did you clamp down on your platform when a Republican used these tools but not a Democrat?
Rod Rosenstein approved the  unethical and possibly illegal search of Trump’s lawyer, Michael Cohen		Can you imagine the deputy Attorney General under Obama signing off on a raid of Obama’s or Clinton’s lawyer?
If Obama’s lawyers offices would have been raided, the @ACLU would have immediately filed a lawsuit and called this move “fascism” and “end of attorney client privilege”
The gender pay gap is a lie. It is one of the most dangerous and divisive lies in today’s time		Women in their 20’s for example significantly out-earn male counterparts 		#EqualPayDay 		https://t.co/5MfA1MqKVo
Why wasn’t Zuckerberg called to testify before Congress when the Obama campaign took the personal info of 25 million people to successfully win the 2012 election? 🤔
Why didn’t the FBI raid the offices of Hillary’s lawyer regarding her selling our precious uranium to the Russians? 🤔
The most intolerant people in the world are those that preach tolerance and acceptance
If this offends you, you are anti-science https://t.co/Nm21rxmi20
The UK moves to ban knives in a effort to curb the rapid rise of violence 		UK has a blanket gun ban, yet they have a much overall higher crime rate than the US 		Removing weaponry won’t remove the evil
Susan Rice bragging Obama admin removed chemical weapons back in 2014. She lied again, just like Benghazi and unmasking https://t.co/SbEHpW8asJ
This is what REAL feminism looks like. Strong, smart, confident, and armed 		Well done Brenna. You are what @TPUSA is all about 		Keep fighting https://t.co/1gQIdEsW4C
Deficits are bad. 		The media however stayed selectively silent while Obama doubled our national debt from 10 to 20 trillion dollars, the largest increase ever in American history
Susan Rice told us she got Syria to "verifiably remove its chemical weapons from Syria"		Of course she lied, like she did with Trump unmasking, Benghazi, and basically every other national security issue she handled for Obama
Hey liberals: 		If America is such a racist, homophobic, oppressive, horrible country why do you want more people to come here and leave their home country? 🤔
Irony of 2018: 		Republicans are hesitant to fulfill big legislative promises like the wall, school choice, cutting spending, and Obamacare repeal because they don't want to lose their majorities  		If they DONT do those things they will almost assuredly lose their majorities
The more laws, the less justice
There is nothing moral about wanting to take money from others to pay for something you think is a good idea
Liberals are excited that property burns, simply because it is owned by the President https://t.co/8Y4RG0D2op
Fire at Trump tower 		Just another night for verified leftists to wish death upon people in Trump tower 		But they are the tolerant ones right?
Trump 2018 approval: 50%	Obama same date 2010 approval: 49%		Trump 2018 disapprove: 49%	Obama same date 2010 disapprove: 53% 		This is based on the most accurate poll from the 2016 election, Rasmussen 		Trump is surging past Obama and gaining popularity daily
Every notice none of the horrible jokes the left does against conservatives are considered to be politically incorrect?
The gender wage gap is a lie 		Women in their 20's significantly out-earn men in the same fields 		The gender inequity argument is designed to try and create victims absent of facts. By every metric women are doing much better than men in America
Liberals have: feelings &amp; emotion 		Conservatives have: logic, history, perspective, science, reason, facts, math, principles, ethics, values, dialogue &amp; common sense
If Planned Parenthood is able to spend tens of millions of dollars trying to elect Democrats, why do they need $500 MILLION dollars a year of taxpayer funding? 🤔
America is the only country to continually send hundreds of thousands of it's own citizens to die for the freedom of others
https://t.co/ktzvBiJ7c9
80 percent of humanities papers in higher education are not cited once 		No wonder they are filled with anti-science, anti-western, and anti-American ideas
Weak borders are a sign of a weak country 		If we cannot defend our sovereignty we do not have a country, we are then simply part of a global order designed to weaken America and undercut the west.
The American revolution represented the first overthrow of a government where the victors voluntarily gave up their power &amp; delegated it back to the people		Now we have career politicians who refuse to give up power &amp; rule by absolute fiat in defiance of the people they represent
Students are borrowing money they do not have, to study stuff that doesn't matter, to try and find jobs that don't exist
Why is it considered greedy to want to keep my own money, but liberals are not greedy for wanting to take money away from me? 🤔
Jay-Z is worth $810 million dollars and wants to lecture us about why white men have all the privilege in the US 		Only in the US could Jay-Z make crappy music filled with horrible messages and be worth $800+ million dollars
HUGE NEWS: 		President Trump signs memorandum ending ‘catch and release’ immigration policy 		I visited the border today. I can tell you first hand how dreadful that policy has been. This will save lives and protect our border!
Did you know: 		That when polled 95% of active front-line border patrol agents said YES to wanting a wall when surveyed?
Planned Parenthood donated more money to Congress in one election than the NRA has since 1998
Just because a majority of people think something, doesn't mean it is a good idea, correct, or rooted in truth
1776 - young leaders revolted against Britain to form most powerful country ever to exist 		1860 - young people died to fight for rights of ALL Americans 		1943 - young people bled to fight evil in Pacific &amp; Europe 		2018 - young people ask politicians to take their rights away
The Obama campaign compromised the privacy of 30 million people via Facebook in 2012 		The media PRAISED him and his campaign for being "tech driven" and "brilliantly effective" 		The media only cares now because a Republican firm used the same tech to elect Trump
Do you ever notice we ask high school seniors: WHERE are you going to college not WHY are you going to college?		The national graduation rate from college is 59%		More students should take gap years, go to two year technical schools, and pursue trades!
California welcomes dangerous illegal immigrants but passes a law warning about dangerous coffee
For over 200 years the history of America has been fighting to protect natural rights and keep government from infringing on them 		For the first time in our history we have a generation begging politicians to take their rights away
Obama's cabinet ran amok with waste, abuse of power, and cronyism 		The media is targeting Scott Pruitt because he is EFFECTIVELY reforming the Employment Prevention Agency (EPA)		He absolutely should not resign		You cannot give the left an inch, they will take a mile!
In 6 years of doing campus organizing &amp; visits I have NEVER seen a conservative try &amp; silence a liberal speaker on campus. Not once 		Yet almost daily leftist students try to cancel, shout down, &amp; silence conservatives on campus		Why is the left so intolerant of other ideas?
CA Department of Motor Vehicles announced that as of March 31, 1,001,000 ILLEGALS have received drivers licenses, while automatically registering them to vote		And we are supposed to believe that illegals aren’t voting? 🤔
The idea of white privilege is racist, harmful, &amp; lacks any evidence 		It is one of the most dangerous, cancerous, &amp; widespread ideas in higher education		It judges people on something they cannot control: skin color 		It assumes advantages that don't exist simply on pigmentation
People ask my all the time where I get my ideas and arguments from 		I read @jordanbpeterson 	I watch @benshapiro 	I listen to @DennisPrager 		Those three are by far the most effective, wise, intelligent, and impactful thinkers of our time!
Illegal immigrants costs US taxpayers 115 BILLION a year 		98% of all heroin comes across the border 		10,000 kids are sex trafficked cross the border each year 		A few billion to secure our border is a small price to pay https://t.co/p4jUtOGkhy
If DACA recipients would not be allowed to vote in the future the Democrats wouldn’t care at all about them		They view them as political pawns &amp; future members of their party 		This is why they refuse to give GOP or Trump a “win” on this issue, fearing they lose political points
Colleges are more determined to help illegal aliens than protect conservatives right to free speech on campus.
College should be about career preparation, not leftist ideological indoctrination		Make college 3 years, stop forcing humanities &amp; liberal arts classes upon students who can barely afford rent		If those classes are actually popular, students will voluntarily elect to take them
Instead of patrolling the borders of other countries, our troops rightfully should be placed on the southern border and defend America 		Love that Trump is issuing an order to secure our southern border!!
Free speech is not just being able to say what you want to say, it also means having to hear things you might not want to hear
We cannot blame the actions of law abiding vegans just because of one lunatic
More @peta members than @NRA members have done mass shootings in 2018
A left wing, vegan, PETA protestor shot up YouTube yesterday in what was most likely was a gun free zone 		I’m sure the media will quickly move past this one
The left couldn’t care less about our apologies 		They just want us to submit to them and admit their virtue signaling will work 		This is something Trump understood from day one. 		Don’t apologize to the left or media. Double down. Fight harder. Punch back twice as hard
Can we start calling illegals what they really are: foreign citizens 		An immigrant is someone who follows the law, waits their turn, and complied with the rules 		Not someone who cuts in line and defies the law to try and get ahead
Black America has suffered tremendously under the open border/ big government policies of the Democrat party https://t.co/hh6WjpnS5J
President Trump is the commander in chief of all the armed forces 		Instead of us paying to have 100,000 troops in Germany, Japan, and Korea he should redeploy a portion of them to the southern border and instruct them to end all illegal immigration into our country
Professor at @UNLincoln just made this ridiculous statement 		What is her name? 		We must hold leftist professors accountable for the propaganda and nonsense they spread to college students https://t.co/33Qb0Mxf0U
President Trump just announced that he will use the military to prevent the caravan of illegals from entering the United States. Excellent news! 		Our military should be tasked with defending our borders 24/7		Border security is a national security issue
Mueller was appointed to try &amp; find alleged Russian/Trump collusion		He has investigated for over a year and found NOTHING of substance at a cost of over $250,000 a week		This investigation needs to be ended immediately, it is now being used as a political tool for the Democrats
One year of an investigation all funded by taxpayers and the only indictments and sentences we have are procedural crimes and lying to the FBI		If that is the standard Hillary should have been locked up a long time ago for lying about Benghazi, her email server, and Uranium one
A vast majority of gun deaths in America are with handguns, and 2/3 of gun deaths are death via suicide (still tragic, yet we are only country that counts that as a "gun" death) 		Deaths by gun in 2016: 		Handguns: 7,105	Rifles: 374	Shotguns: 262	Other guns: 186
RT @RealCandaceO: Democrats must be terrified. The Black awakening is happening. We will no longer be your ideological slaves. 	We LOVE our…
Recent incident with @IngrahamAngle shows exactly how intolerant the left is 		They hear something they don’t like, and they immediately try to destroy her career, boycott the advertisers, and push for cancellation 		They want to destroy conservatives each chance they can
What did communists use to light their houses with before they started using candles? 		Electricity
Plenty of other Presidents will try basic conservative reforms		Trump however is a once in a generation President committed to securing our border 		Reagan did not do it 	Bush SR didn't	Clinton obviously didn't 	Bush didn't 	Obama made it far worse 		We must seize this chance
Basic rule of economics: When you subsidize something you get more of it 		When you offer amnesty, you are going to get millions of foreigners trying to get their chance to be a US citizen 		No more amnesty "deals"		Militarize our border. Build the wall.		Time to get tough.
If illegal immigrants tended to vote Republican, the Democrats would be calling for mass deportations and demanding a wall be built
There is no logical case against building a barrier/wall on the southern border 		Those opposed (Democrats) want unlimited illegal immigration for votes		Why?		Because they can't win middle America		Democrats were too busy destroying our cities, schools, and country
"There is only one race, the human race"  is now listed as a "racist" micro-aggression by the official board at the University of California 		This statement is in fact the opposite of racist, it views everyone as equal human beings		Why is the left so race obsessed? 		🤔
Teachers should not be allowed to go on strike, no different than police officers and firefighters 		When teachers strike they use the kids as pawns to get whatever they want		It is a public safety issue to not have kids in schools as teachers protest
Get excited for @DLoesch joining us at #YWLS2018!! 		Apply before it’s too late!!		https://t.co/MjW4l7wZL2 https://t.co/m6SThTZX71
Ask a Democrat this question today: 		What will prevent mass shootings and bring crime down?		More guns laws, or more fathers raising their kids?
This is a terrific trend. Black voters are leaving the Democrat party in record numbers 		This is mostly thanks to the leadership of people like @RealCandaceO who are telling the truth about how the Democrats have destroyed urban black areas over the last 60 years! https://t.co/GdFZirMGOP
Thousands of illegals head in a caravan to illegally enter our country 		This is now a national security issue with plenty of warning to prevent this 		What’s to prevent ISIS from infiltrating this group? 		Trump should mobilize US troops and prevent their crossing into America
California wants to live by their own set of laws and pardon illegal alien felons?		Fine:		Defund all their sanctuary cities 	Withhold funding to their public universities  	Delay Medicaid reimbursements 		California cannot be allowed to defy federal law without repercussions
Obama approval rating 4/2/10 - 46%		Trump approval rating 4/2/18 — 50%
BOOM! According to poll that was most accurate in 2016 heading up to election, Trump hits 50% approval rating 		#MAGA https://t.co/HnbQOMgX7V
If liberals don't recognize biological gender, then why do they continue to protest for women's rights? 🤔
Wait you actually think all cultures are the same? 		As an LGBT activist and someone who self-identifies  as “queer” you don’t see how the Islamic culture in countries like Saudi Arabia are far worse for gay rights than America and the West? 		🤔 https://t.co/6pR6l8UtSz
If Democrat policies worked, why hasn't poverty decreased over past 60 years despite over 2 trillion spent on social welfare?  🤔
The Left everywhere in the world hates America. Is it really believable that the Left in America is the one exception? 🤔
President Trump is SPOT ON regarding the issue on the southern border 		As soon as citizenship and a DACA deal was put on the table countless foreign nationals sprinted to try and get their chance to amnesty 		Build the wall. No more "deals" until the border is 100% secure
All men are created equal however all cultures are not equal 		America and the west remain humanity's last, best chance
In 2010, 48,000 felons and fugitives lied and illegally tried to purchase guns. The Obama administration prosecuted only 44 of them
So my Dad asked me today to name a book where everyone dies at the end 		I responded: The Communist Manifesto
Did you know there were 500 eye witnesses of Jesus living after his death &amp; the Bible is the most authenticated document in history by far?
I am sick of the media equating open borders as the moral and righteous thing to do		There is nothing moral about heroin pouring over the border, thousands of kids being trafficked, gang members walking free, illegal guns flooding our streets, &amp; criminals penentrating our cities
RT @FoxNews: On @foxandfriends, @charliekirk11 said that @TheDemocrats have moved too far to the left for the average voter. https://t.co/x…
The Christian community has done more to help the poor, hungry, downtrodden, vulnerable, needy, and homeless than government ever will
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "@POTUS's policies are benefiting the American people... Black unemployment is the lowest it's ever been and…
If the left truly wanted to stop the flow of illegal guns coming into America, they would support building the wall 		Tens of thousands of illegal guns come across the border each month carried by gang members and criminal aliens
Did you know:		The annual cost of illegal immigrants each year is over 115 BILLION in benefits and services 		10,000 kids are trafficked across the border every year 		98% of all heroin comes across the southern border  		A few billion for a wall is a small price to pay
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "The wall will be a symbol of our sovereignty, which we have been losing over the last couple decades." https…
Did you know:		There are 42,034 illegal immigrants in federal prison		Every single one of them should be deported immediately
Democrats judge success by how many new people sign up for government benefits		Republicans judge success by how many people get OFF of government benefits
A nation is defined by its borders. Constructing a wall is an imperative step to protect our sovereignty and country 		Illegal aliens are twice as likely to commit a crime in America than natural born citizens 		A wall is long overdue for our country and culture
The left pretends to love free speech until you say something they disagree with
Last time a Republican was Mayor in the following cities:		Atlanta 1879	Chicago 1931	Baltimore 1967	Detroit 1962	New Orleans 1872	Pittsburgh 1934	Seattle 1946	Philadelphia 1952	Cincinnati 1971		No wonder they have failing schools, high crime, and poverty
Despite relentless media opposition and attacks, donations to the NRA's Legal Victory Fund more than tripled from January to February, from nearly $248,000 to $779,062
RT @RealCandaceO: This is why we need school choice. The lack of involvement parents have in sending their children to “districted” public…
RT @FoxNews: .@RealCandaceO: "[@TheDemocrats] have been flying on autopilot for so long, just throwing out names - everybody's racist and s…
This is a flyer that was posted in a high school in Nebraska		The teacher refused to take it down &amp; even defended the content		Every day conservative students are ridiculed for their beliefs &amp; wrongly called Nazis		RT this to show the crap that is being taught in our schools! https://t.co/g2PvFAn6ZO
If you are offended by facts you are probably a leftist
Dems 2018 platform: 		Bring back ISIS	There are no genders 	Open borders 	Repeal 2nd amendment 	Illegals over veterans 	Let’s crash the stock market 	God is not real 	Raise your taxes 	The constitution sucks 	Nukes for Iran	Go back on government welfare
We have way too many young people going to college		We need far less gender studies and philosophy majors, and more electricians, carpenters, welders, and entrepreneurs		You don’t need a four year degree to succeed in America
The bigger the government, the smaller the citizen
RT @FoxBusiness: .@charliekirk11: "If you really look at what happened in the 2016 election, a lot of people said Hillary lost. I don't nec…
If you let them take your second amendment rights, they will soon take your first
Jesus could have resisted arrest 		He could have stopped his death with an army of angels 		He could have rained down judgement upon his killers 		He could have made every knee bow &amp; tongue confess		Why didn’t he?		Because he was a sacrifice, for us	An act of love		So we can live
Good Friday is the true story of a perfect, powerful, omniscient, omnipresent, &amp; omnipotent God who came down in human form; walked among us, taught us, led us, healed us, led a perfect life which led to until a wrongful execution to carry the burdens of ALL people so we can live
The gospel in four words: 		Jesus took my place 		Three words: Him for me 		Two words: Substitutionary atonement 		One word: GRACE 		#GoodFriday
There is something sick and wrong when illegal aliens get more attention and focus than our veterans who courageously served our country
Did you know:		Thanks to President Trump's leadership and the heroism of our troops, US led forces have reclaimed 98% of territory once held by ISIS
Facts: 	98% of mass shootings happen in gun free zones 	0 NRA members have committed mass shootings 	Less than 2% of gun deaths each year are with AR-15's 	NRA trained thousands of black people to fight against the KKK in 1960's 	You are being protected by armed guards https://t.co/g1vcg7Kp5t
Chelsea, your brilliance is showing. A pistol IS a semi-automatic weapon		Also, why do you have armed guards? To protect you and those you love. 		So, for those of us who can’t afford 24/7 armed security we want the same ability to protect ourselves! https://t.co/TVocf9458o
Tragically 2/3 of all gun deaths in America are suicide while less than 1% of all gun deaths are mass shootings 		We have a mental health and culture issue in America that has nothing to do with legally owning and possessing firearms
Don’t claim to love this country while trying to turn it into a socialist nation, shred our constitution, open our borders, eliminate our history, destroy our values, and poison the minds of the next generation
After hundreds of college visits and speeches one thing is abundantly clear: 		Illegal immigrant students are treated much better than conservative students on campus
Democrats would much rather take guns away from law abiding citizens than deport illegals after they commit crimes
Conservatives never try and silence liberals on campus 		Daily, liberals try and shut up conservatives on campus		The left hates the idea there are other ideas		The campus left is threatened by debate, dialogue, discussion, and differing ideas
Maxine Waters hates the idea of voter ID, yet you need to show a photo ID to attend one of her town-hall forums
It is not about guns, it is about control
Bad times make strong men		Strong men make good times 		Good times make weak men 		Weak men make bad times
This has got to be a joke. Black students feel unsafe because MORE police are at Parkland? 		Dude, your school just went through a massive shooting and tragedy . Of course there will be more police there. Stop drawing attention to yourself https://t.co/pY39DXXF8x
.@davidhogg111 is not above criticism. He has repeatedly insulted the NRA, law abiding Americans, and anyone who supports guns		When you enter the public discourse you open yourself to attacks. Just because you disagree with someone on policy doesn’t mean you get to shut them up
The President’s instincts here are correct. @amazon has been ripping off the US taxpayer for years as a way to grow their empire 		Trump should block this 10 year $100 billion dollar contract for Bezos &amp; Amazon 		Stop subsidizing and picking favorites 		https://t.co/SAVDhhbj1N
Why do you refuse to debate or have a conversation with anyone that might disagree with you? https://t.co/NzawYu6hQT
The incredible Candace Owens DEMOLISHES the lies around the #BlackLivesMatter protests 		She is PRO FACTS! Honored to have her now as our communications director for @TPUSA 		The left better watch out, a revolution is coming https://t.co/GbDIHhJlSh
There have been over 30 handgun-deaths in Chicago since horrible Parkland shooting, despite nation’s strictest gun laws		Where is the march against the Democrat leaders overseeing our failing inner cities and crumbling schools?
Susan Rice is what happens when you stay loyal to the Obama machine 		She lied about the Benghazi attacks and blamed it on an internet video 	She was the lead behind the illegal unmasking of Trump allies in the transition 		And now she is added to the @netflix board 		Astonishing
Socialism has been tried 100 times over the last 100 years 		The results are abundantly clear: socialism destroys civilizations, ruins lives, and results in death tolls in the tens of millions 		The rise of socialism in America is one of the greatest threats to our freedom today! https://t.co/xktnBPjnz8
98% of the heroin &amp; fentanyl comes across our southern border		Illegal aliens are twice as likely to commit crimes than native born Americans 		There are 58,760 illegals in our federal prison		Over 10,000 kids are trafficked across the border each year 		BUILD. THE. WALL.
Try being informed instead of just opinionated
0  - that is how many @NRA members have been mass shooters 		5 million - that is how many due paying law abiding members that are part of the NRA 		146 - that is how many years the NRA has been fighting for the rights of ALL Americans 		So why does the media hate them so much?
The VA is a perfect example of why government should never run healthcare 		Vets die waiting in line, exploding costs, horrible quality care, &amp; deteriorating hospitals 		Vets fought and bled for our country. They deserve better than the current mess at the VA
On college campuses I repeatedly find the most intolerant people are those who pretend to be tolerant liberals
If there really is no voter fraud, why are Democrats doing everything they possibly can to prevent investigations into it? 🤔
America is the most generous country in the world		That generosity is being taken advantage of		We are giving billions to countries that hate our guts		We are accepting people into the US who want the West dead		We are harboring millions of illegals who take billions in benefits
Feminism has become more about hating men than empowering women 		There is a crisis going on with men in America. Men are falling dramatically behind in basically every single category 		For a culture to survive we need strong men and women - not strong women and weak men https://t.co/pHvwaQxIFR
66% of Europeans say terrorism and crime committed by non citizens is a serious issue in their countries. Opens borders and chain migration is destroying Europe.		We need to build the wall, end visa lottery, eliminate chain migration, and deport every illegal in our prisons
Only US citizens should vote in US elections 	Only US citizens should be able to receive government benefits 	Only US citizens should be counted officially in the US census
You tell me which party will do better in November: 		RNC	•Feb 2018: $12.8M (record for Feb in non-presidential year)	•Cycle to Date: $157.7M	•Cash on Hand: $42.4M	•Debt: $0		DNC	•Feb 2018: $8.6M ($1.7M loan)	•Cycle to Date: $80.7M	•Cash on Hand: $10.1M	•Debt: $6.1M
Planned parenthood donates 7.8M to lawmakers each year, 40% of their budget is funded by tax payers and they abort millions of babies 		NRA spends 3.2M on elections, defends our constitutional rights, killed zero people, and has had zero members involved in mass shootings
One of the greatest threats to America is the fact that our school system is not teaching the next generation morals, American exceptionalism, free enterprise, the constitution, the dangers of socialism, or the value of hard work
I can’t believe it is controversial that foreign citizens shouldn’t be counted in our census
“Full handgun ban!”		Check out this clip of me and @KyleKashuv challenging radicals as they admit they want to ban ALL GUNS!		By the way, Kyle fearlessly walked through the crowd and debated opponents 		Why is @davidhogg111 afraid to debate Kyle? 🤔		RT! https://t.co/V5mq5om3fJ
Liberals: we don’t want to take your guns away 		Also liberals: check out this awesome editorial in The NY Times called “time to repeal the second amendment”
Fact:		98% of all mass shootings occur in gun free zones
If the FBI and local police can't even enforce the laws already on the books, how will new gun laws possibly make any difference? 🤔
If the 20th century taught us anything it demonstrated the horror and tragedy that ensues when people voluntarily give up their ability to defend themselves 		Over 100 million civilians died under socialism in under 100 years 		But first, they took the guns
Depressing to see students in America do everything they can to try and get government to take their rights away
I’m sick of seeing these relentless attacks on @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; his family 		Don is an honorable family man who has worked tirelessly to save our country &amp; advance his father’s agenda		He doesn’t deserve BS attacks from the media who has nothing better to do than dumpster dive
The left would rather see rich people become poor, than poor people become rich
If gun control worked, Chicago wouldn't have had 625 gun deaths last year. Almost all of them were with handguns, not "assault rifles"		We have a systemic culture problem in America that is a result of failing public schools and government programs that keep people poor
Facts:		Privately owned swimming pools are nearly 5 times more likely to cause accidental deaths than having a gun in the house.		And kids under the age of 15 are TWICE as likely to be killed each year by cars backing over them in driveways than by accidental firearm discharges
I am sick of being told I don't care about the Parkland victims just because I disagree with the media consensus on gun control and confiscation
I don't remember Obama expelling 60 Russians after Putin illegally pushed the crimean border in Ukraine 		And people say Trump is bought and controlled by Russia? 		🤔
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "They're using armed guards for this whole thing which I think is one of the greatest ironies of a gun contro…
We defend our President, members of Congress, our governors, sporting events, factories, airports, train stations, banks, jewelry stores, courts, celebrities, and athletes with guns 		Why won’t we defend our schools the same way? 🤔
Despite Republicans having control of both chambers in congress, it feels like the Democrats keep getting whatever they want 		Open borders, exploding debt, bills no one reads, planned parenthood funding, and zero changes to domestic welfare 		Why won't the GOP congress fight?
Here’s a better idea: why don’t you and @davidhogg111 get on camera and debate @KyleKashuv 		One Parkland student to another https://t.co/USCLQ807Uy
The people screaming loudest for gun control are almost always protected by armed security
Facts: 		UK: 933 violent crimes per 100,000 people 		US: 399 violent crimes per 100,000 people 		Gun confiscation doesn't work
Odds of winning the Powerball lottery: 1 in 292,000,000		Odds of being killed by a gun in school since 1999: 1 in 614,000,000		Schools are also MUCH safer than they were in the 1990’s		Use facts, not emotions when trying to make major policy decisions
I’m still confused how taking guns away will fix the FBI not following multiple tips, local police ignoring warning signs, child protective services turning a blind eye, and cowardly cops doing nothing while students are slaughtered? 		🤔
Hey @davidhogg111 you have made some rather incendiary comments towards @NRA members such as myself like we have "blood on our hands" among other claims		Would you be open to a filmed debate with me or @KyleKashuv so we can clear this up?		Only facts allowed, no feelings
2017 Chicago Gun Crime statistics: 		Shot &amp; Killed: 624 	Shot &amp; Wounded: 2937 	Total Shot: 3561 	Total Homicides: 675		Chicago has the strictest gun laws in the country. Gun control doesn't work
There is no first amendment without the second amendment
I am so proud of @KyleKashuv 		He is courageously fighting for our rights, and rebalancing the national conversation around guns 		He is heading on @CBSNews soon 		He is a hero! https://t.co/513s1YqyOV
I heard countless attacks against the @NRA yesterday, but not one critique of the @FBI		The FBI has two tips and did nothing against the Parkland shooter. They failed us		These marches are not about common sense gun laws. We already have those		They want to take our guns away
Once you give up your rights, don’t expect to get them back
Hey @davidhogg111 -	@KyleKashuv will be at CBS with you tomorrow am. 		Why don't you guys have a civil  discussion before or after instead of fear mongering the country towards further division on gun issue? 		One parkland student to another?
Today thousands of adults wanted to show the world how much they knew about guns 		When questioned they knew absolutely nothing		“Assault rifle” is a made up term used to take our guns away 		These leftist adults are using these marches to advance a radical agenda  		RT! https://t.co/xs6MbvZSVF
Today I took to the streets to defend our second amendment rights against those who wish to take our guns away 		I was stunned to see adult leftists parade these students around to advance a radical leftist agenda 		Check out this vid for a taste. More coming! 		RT! https://t.co/3rAYj1VdS7
RT @Patrickpetty23: Hey @Emma4Change please stop using my sister’s name to push your agenda, she DID NOT and WOULD NOT support it
RT @FoxNews: On "America's News Headquarters," @CharlieKirk11 pointed out what he called "one of the greatest ironies" about gun control ma…
Wait, why are 18 year olds mature enough to lead a gun control movement but not old enough to own a gun? 🤔
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "They're using armed guards for this whole thing which I think is one of the greatest ironies of a gun contro…
RT @KyleKashuv: Hey @davidhogg111 you seem really fired up about gun control 		Lets debate, one Parkland student to another 		I'm in DC rig…
Having fun discussions at #MarchForOurLives https://t.co/lCQhs9lnfo
Just because something bad happens, doesn’t mean our rights go away 		#MarchForOurLives
With @KyleKashuv Parkland Shooting Survivor 		Will the #MarchForOurLives allow him to speak how we need armed guards in schools and the government shouldn’t take our guns away? https://t.co/HVVoYYKNqW
I wonder if the #MarchForOurLives protestors will take a moment to honor the armed guard who prevented a mass shooting this week in Maryland? This week a gun and lawful gun owner prevented another Columbine, Parkland, and Sandy Hook 		Will they even mention him? 🤔
Our military is not a social experiment
If socialism works so well, why aren't people voluntarily flocking to Cuba, Venezuela, Argentina, or North Korea? 🤔
Fully support President Trump threatening veto for omnibus bill. It is full of waste, debt, abuse, and everything wrong with DC 		Plus no border wall funding and funds planned parenthood 		Veto!
Black unemployment all time low ✅		Record high stock market ✅		2.5 million jobs created ✅		US now energy independent ✅		Biggest tax cut in history ✅		Trillions of dollars coming back to the US ✅		If a Democrat did 1/10th of this, media would say this is “historic”
Today it was an amazing honor to interview the man who is saving western civilization https://t.co/4dGVHkMjoU
RT @realDonaldTrump: My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA https://t.co/ZbXFxNVMLP
Today it was a great honor to interview @realDonaldTrump about student issues and the amazing success of this administration 		The accomplishments are historic, fixed the trajectory of America, and are beginning the process of turning this country around! 		#MAGA https://t.co/Rhlf8bVim7
Why did the media stay silent when Obama mined the data of 45 million people in 2012 and then bragged about that’s how he got re-elected? 🤔
I firmly believe given the pace he is on, @realDonaldTrump will go down as one of the most successful and consequential Presidents in history
When a crazy person who should have been caught by police &amp; government authorities kills students, the media blames guns and the @NRA 		When a law enforcement officer uses a gun to stop a mass shooting it gets glazed over and quickly forgotten by the media
Instead of showing Cruz's face on TV  for a month straight, lets show Blaine Gaskill's face &amp; honor him as a hero who used a GUN to prevent mass murder		Today a gun saved a life. Today a gun prevented mass murder. Today a gun prevented another Columbine, Sandy Hook, or Parkland
For a month we have allowed the media to bash lawful gun owners and try and do everything they can to take away our rights		Now we have a material example of a mass shooting that was prevented thanks to a heroic gun owner		And I guarantee the media will refuse to cover it
The only way to stop a bad guy with a gun, is a good guy with a gun 		Just watch the media cover this up 		Our kids are too important to leave defenseless 		RT! https://t.co/l63Xq4aWQO
When something bad happens if your first instinct is to take rights or freedoms away, you are most likely a leftist
English should immediately be made the official language of the United States
Liberals love to tell us how to live our life but do the opposite in practice 		They hate school choice yet send their kids to private schools 		They hate walls yet they live in gated communities 		They hate guns but expect armed guards to protect them
The left pretends to love free speech until you say something they disagree with
Why don’t feminists ever seem to protest or complain about the horrible treatment of women in countries like Saudi Arabia? Where women can’t vote, own property, and are basically slaves to men? 🤔
If we really wanted to root out Russia interference in our elections, we should be investigating the Clinton family who routinely sold out US assets in exchange for cash their foundation
This morning on @foxandfriends @RealCandaceO laid a truth bomb on third wave , anti-men feminists 		“Feminists will only honor women if you agree with them politically” https://t.co/NVeWLtA1UR
The amazing @RealCandaceO is on Fox over 3 times a week, has over 150 MILLION video views in 6 months, a massive student following, 160K Twitter followers and @Twitter REFUSES to verify her		Why?		Because she is a black, truth telling woman who loves Trump and fights leftists
Gender is not a social construct, it is biology 		Our universities are harboring anti-science, anti-biology teaching in an attempt to advance radical post-modernist ideas that will destabilize everything we know to be true
If the second amendment only applied to muskets then the first amendment would only apply to quill and paper 		The constitution was not written for the times, it was written to stand the test of time
It is a national disgrace that our veterans get treated worse than law breaking illegals
Illegal immigrants should never get preference over American citizens. Ever.
If the GOP screws up immigration it will be the end of the Republican Party as we know it 		Legalizing millions of democrat voters will put conservatives in a permanent political minority		Build the wall. End chain migration. Deport illegals in prisons. Defund sanctuary cities
No person ever evades gunfire, swims through oceans, or flees free market capitalism. They flee socialism.		People want to be free
If conservative ideas were so bad and unpopular, why are leftists doing everything they can to keep them off campus? 🤔
Thrilled that our tax dollars won’t be spent funding the pension of the unethical and lying McCabe 		Time to fire even more within the deep state!
The tax cut “crumbs” act results so far: 		400+ companies expanding employee benefits		4,000,000+ Americans receiving special bonuses		80,000,000 Americans seeing lower utility bills		90% American workers seeing bigger paychecks		#MAGA
Soon California will have more illegal aliens than Republicans serving in statewide office
RT @EricTrump: 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/yfi9ueTg8n
I seriously never thought I would see a 16 beat a 1 seed 		Wow
Build the wall, deport every illegal in our prisons, end chain migration, make English the official language of the US, and eliminate the immigration lottery		#MAGA
President Trump is transforming the courts with strong conservatives 		Here are the results: 		•29 nominees confirmed by Senate	•Confirmed judges: 1 SCOTUS, 14 circuit court, 14 district court	•55 nominations await confirmation vote		The most conservative bench in our lifetime
Third Wave feminism is not about empowering women, it is about hating men
Lol smart https://t.co/BUuOlwOxNJ
The generation that crushed communism is now seeing their kids go to college and advocate for it in the streets
These are now considered racist micro aggressions in the U of California system: 		• "There is only one race, the human race.”		• “I believe the most qualified person should get the job.”		• “America is the land of opportunity.”
If you hate facts, history, logic, critical thinking, dialogue, debate, reason, objectivity, the rule of law, and things that work, you are probably a liberal
Can someone tell me why the @NRA is being blamed despite the FBI being warned twice, local police visiting Cruz over 20 times, and there being a police officer who stood idly by while the kill occurred?
Broward Deputy Scot Peterson, the total coward who stood idly by while students were slaughtered, should go to prison for the rest of his life for gross negligence		He is a coward and a disgrace to police officers everywhere
Trump has appointed: 		Woman ambassador to UN 	First ever woman to run CIA 	First woman press sec. in 10 years 	He also had first woman campaign manager to ever win Presidential election 		And most women in high level positions in history		Yet the left says he hates women 		🤔
Facts: 		UK: 933 violent crimes per 100,000 people 		US: 399 violent crimes per 100,000 people 		Gun confiscation doesn't work
There is no first amendment without the second amendment
Leftists on campus frequently try and say the GOP is the racist party 		Then why is it that as the south got considerably less racist over the past 60 years it also got much more Republican? 		🤔
Wow! @RealCandaceO EXPOSES how horrible the Democrat party has been to black Americans 		Democrats control the most murderous, corrupt, and failing cities 		Black single motherhood under democrat policies rose from 20 % to 71 % 		Time for blacks to exit the Democrat party! https://t.co/z0Sy2l7b9k
Researchers say mass school shootings are extremely rare, that shootings involving students have been declining since the 90’s, &amp; four times as many children were killed in schools in the early 1990s than today		Facts. 		#NationalSchoolWalkout 		https://t.co/OrLrr3MOam
Democrat policies are the primary reason the condition of black America has worsened since the 1960’s 		Despite that Democrats win 95% of the black vote each election 		Time for something new
RT @RealCandaceO: It’s time for us blacks to reclaim our independence and exit the Democratic Party. https://t.co/X5IZ4sPVNX
The left is always lecturing us about "science" yet they now are telling us there are more than two genders? 🤔
California doesn’t want to abide by federal immigration law? 		Fine, then stop all funding to their universities. Make them survive on their own
The left loves creating victims 		They want to keep people permanently poor, dependent on government and blaming others for their problems 		If you are looking for someone to blame, you will never run out of choices https://t.co/acEiQVTEfP
RT @EMPIREREPORTNY: SIREN	https://t.co/Ufn2AnqdeU https://t.co/88qzoqKw32
California liberals hate walls yet live in gated communities 		California liberals hate guns yet they are constantly protected by armed guards 		California liberals hate school choice, yet they send their kids to private schools
If there were no God, there would be no atheists
There was no collusion between Trump campaign and Russia. But we already knew that 		There was collusion between Hillary and Russia to sell our uranium in exchange for cash 		There was collusion between Obama and Russia to be “more flexible” after the election 		Investigate them
China steals US companies IP, holds our goods hostage, and unethically takes from US business		Also:		Trade Deficits in Goods with China- billions		2017: ($375.2)	2016: ($347.0)	2015: ($367.2)	2014: ($344.8)	2013: ($318.6)	2012: ($315.1)	2011: ($295.2)		China is not our friend
If illegal immigrants were going to vote Republican in huge numbers the Democrats would be enacting massive deportation raids and picketing for a wall to be built
When I challenged a college Marxist of ONE example of where socialism has worked, he said... VENEZUELA 		Venezuela has 400% inflation, riots in the streets, millions without food, average citizen has lost 20 lbs, and widespread suffering 		RT! https://t.co/KLVj2I7Zt9
The left would rather see more rich people become poor, than poor people become rich
The left hates the idea there are other ideas
If Elizabeth Warren really has a Native American background, why does she refuse to take a DNA test? 		If Maxine Waters was really so smart, why does she refuse to take an IQ test?		🤔
Imagine a black Congresswoman who is doing everything she can to impeach a President who has delivered the LOWEST black unemployment EVER recorded 		Maxine, why do you hate the fact your community is doing better thanks to Trump and GOP policies? 🤔 https://t.co/kiFNtwBfP3
"Experts" said Trump would lose in historic fashion (Huge win)		'Experts" said Trump will start war with N. Korea (Close to peace)		"Experts" said tax cut will ruin economy (Record growth)		"Experts" said Trump would be horrible for black community (lowest ever unemployment)
Ever notice that the people who hate socialism the most are those who have actually lived under it?
RT @JudgeJeanine: .@charliekirk11 joined me for this week’s outrageous comments-- Take a look! https://t.co/gv8jjfTtsc
You heard it here first 		One day we will all be voting for @RealCandaceO 		The revolution begins...		https://t.co/g2QNxGhj3e
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: I’m so glad to wake up in a country where we finally have a president who cares more about America than he does about o…
I truly believe given the current pace he is on, @realDonaldTrump will go down as one of America’s greatest and most successful Presidents https://t.co/KWU5FPRLe5
Look at the crap our universities are teaching our youth 		This is from Humboldt State University located in Arcata, California in a Elementary Education class 		"Death Cult of Trumpism" 		YOUR tax dollars and YOUR tuition payments fund the destruction of American decency https://t.co/8gQR3REyTh
Democrat policies are designed to keep people poor, they want millions of dependent voters getting just enough money to get by, but never enough education or opportunity to break out of poverty
The world is a remarkably safer and more peaceful place thanks to @realDonaldTrump's leadership
We were told by the media: 		Trump will wreck the stock market ( hitting record highs) 	Trump will ruin the economy (never stronger) 	Trump will mishandle ISIS (totally destroyed) 	Trump will start a war in Korea ( historic peace deal coming)
Imagine if a white chef charged black people more to eat at his restaurant. There would be rightful protests in the streets, not articles glorifying him. 		This is racist, pure and simple. https://t.co/e8thF6XdNx
While African Americans were being terrorized by the Ku Klux Klan in the 1960's, where the Klan were sometimes aided by local law enforcement, the @NRA setup charters to help train local African American communities to be able protect themselves
The Mayor of Oakland should go to prison for defying federal law enforcement and willfully harboring criminals against arrest and deportation orders
You fight harder for illegal law breaking aliens, than you do for our veterans https://t.co/bxpHfgyxoc
Bush's foolish Iraq war led to creation of ISIS - Trump destroys ISIS in less than a yr		Obama wreaked havoc on the economy - Trump turns it around in record fashion in 1 yr		Bill Clinton allowed N. Korea to have nukes - Trump brings Korea closer to peace than any other President
If you look at the data: life expectancy, college graduation rates, PHD's awarded, average wage for those in their 20's, likelihood to go to prison etc, women are doing extremely well in America		Why?		Because women have made good choices over last 40 yrs		#InternationalWomensDay https://t.co/fbNHdOFWCU
Today is #internationalwomensday 		American feminists always stay silent regarding the state of women in Saudi Arabia, where women cannot be seen without full hijab, cannot run for office, get a fair hearing in court, or do basically anything without husbands's approval		Why?
College socialists don't actually care about the poor, they just hate the rich
Why is the Department of Defense planning to give a massive 10 year contract to Amazon, owned by Bezos who dodges taxes and undermines @Realdonaldtrump daily and owns the Washington Post? 🤔
You should talk to me then 		Dodd Frank made the big banks STRONGER and destroyed the local community banks 		Tens of thousands of new pages of regulation that only the biggest financial institutions could comply with 		You never worked a day in your life so you wouldn't know https://t.co/ACnpvklA2h
There are only two genders
A common talking point used by left-wing academics is that black communities are mostly poor due to "institutional racism" 		In 1960 20% of black kids were born out of wedlock 		Now that number is 72% 		Is America really more racist today than it was in 1960? 		Of course not
Teachers should not be allowed to strike, just like police officers and firefighters 		Not having teachers in schools is a public safety risk and tips the scales in negotiations in their favor against taxpayers
Based on all the news reports today, Trump has brought North and South Korea closer to peace than any other US President 		Peace through strength works
I cannot understand why we send billions of dollars to countries that hate us but we cannot find the money to pay for a wall to secure our borders and protect our country
Hollywood actors being protected by the very guns they wish to confiscate and take away from law abiding citizens https://t.co/rmmRIMdtvg
The left tells us they hate walls yet they live in gated communities  		The left tells us they hate guns while being protected by armed guards 		The left tells us they hate school choice while sending their kids to private schools
Imagine if every school in the US was as protected by armed guards as the Oscars were last night
Preach https://t.co/8wVueB9bCw
Americans are dreamers too #Oscars
Tonight we will hear about the need for “diversity” from the Hollywood elites 		How many award winners and speakers do you think voted for the President? 		🤔		#Oscars
Tonight we will be lectured about gun control from a group of people that have 24/7 armed guards 		#Oscars
A student asked me if there was ANYTHING good about socialism 		The answer is brutally simple: 		HELL NO		Socialism is a creed of greed, envy, and legalized theft 		100 million dead in 100 years 		Everything government touches turns to crap 		RT! https://t.co/QyVB63jO0m
The dark and brutal history of the 20h century shows us that when dictators wish to wreak horror upon citizens they will first disarm the public 		Let us never forget this 		#2A
The 2nd amendment is not for hunting, it is not for self protection 		It is there to ensure that free people can defend themselves if god forbid government became tyrannical and turned against its citizens
If a Democrat President accomplished:		Record low black unemployment 		Record high black home ownership 		Median incomes rising 		Trillions of dollars coming home 		Dow hitting record highs 		Millions of jobs being created 		The media would say that is “historic” https://t.co/VKFBk7UTxZ
RT @RealCandaceO: Like so many other American patriots before me, I made the decision to join the @NRA today. I challenge all black America…
Net change in voter registration in key states since Nov 2016 		AZ:  Rs +16k	PA:  Rs +84k	CO:  Ds +1k	FL:  Rs +74k	NC:  Rs +65k	ME:  Rs +1k	NH:  Rs +7k	NM:  Rs +13k	NV:  Rs +22k	IA:  Rs +15k
Democrats would rather see America fail, than Trump succeed
The left pretends to care about foreign influence in elections, yet they stayed silent while Obama sent his political team to unseat Netanyahu in Israel
What an amazing @TPUSA event on campus with over 2,000 students last night in Nebraska! 		The incredible @benshapiro drew a RECORD crowd that literally filled the basketball arena. His defense of the second amendment was the best I ever heard		The movement is growing! https://t.co/l1otadtJGu
Since the left is supposedly so worried about foreign influence in our elections, why aren’t they concerned about  illegal aliens voting? 🤔
Trump is more popular than Obama was at this point in his Presidency, according to poll that was most accurate in 2016 		https://t.co/z399g15lMA
RT @parscale: Today we start to build another entity to help with the midterms. We must reenergize the #ArmyOfTrump to help our country sta…
"Need" now means wanting someone else's money		"Greed" now means wanting to keep your own money		"Compassion" is when a politician arranges the transfer
One of my favorite moments: 		Taking to the streets of Cleveland &amp; debating a socialist about Marxism		Socialists are unable to point to a SINGLE time their ideas have worked, and despite 100 million civilians dead, and hundreds of countries wrecked they never admit fault!		RT! https://t.co/HHF3qLO3Kz
Just because you don’t want certain weapons to be banned doesn’t mean you don’t care about the victims
Every single level of government failed before, during, and after the Parkland shooting, and now we are supposed to trust government with our guns and relinquish our rights?
If a Democrat President achieved what Trump has done, they would say he had one of the most successful years ever in the history of the Presidency
Breakfast with champions #MAGA https://t.co/5xL84nJQFg
Since the left is so worried about men mistreating women, wouldn’t they want them to be armed so they could defend themselves? 🤔
Isn’t it outrageous that Hillary sold our uranium to the Russia government? 🤔 https://t.co/Ou4VExVtjp
I never thought the fact that men and women are different would be something people would disagree with 		You can thank our infected colleges for this nonsense
Wait, the same government that had police officers stand and do nothing now want to take our guns away from us?
If a police officer sits idly by while murder is being committed they should go to prison 		Blood is on their hands
I'm so sick of lawful, patriotic, and ethical @NRA members getting blamed for the actions of a lunatic while our own government failed to protect our kids
Why is it the NRA's fault that the FBI did nothing, the local police did nothing, and the Sheriff Deputies stood and did nothing while kids were killed?
There is something really wrong about this 		https://t.co/305DRdfNch
Once you give up your freedom, don’t expect to get it back 		Important segment with the amazing @TomiLahren and @seanhannity https://t.co/LL7z57IbcH
Everyone needs to follow @RealCandaceO one of the most brilliant, funny, insightful, edgy, and effective voices in the movement!
Just because something evil happens doesn't mean our rights go away 		#2A
The FBI was notified twice 		Florida authorities visited him over 30 times 		Three Sheriff deputies stood and did nothing for minutes while killing ensued 		And this is the government that now wants to keep us safe?
I don’t have enough faith to be an atheist 		Atheism is rooted in hubris, and as the world adds more atheists the moral fiber of our civilization will continue to decay 		And the more atheists there are in the world, the bigger government will grow 		Atheism must be defeated https://t.co/2JZtmPXs6N
I cannot say enough good things about @jordanbpeterson 		He speaks truth so clearly and courageously 		He has opened my eyes in so many ways
Media seems focused on the @NRA influence in politics 		It is strange I don't hear the media ever mentioning labor unions or Planned Parenthood spending tens of millions of dollars to buy Democrats
Conservatives should not give money to higher education or their alma mater with a few exceptions 		Do not give your hard earned resources to the very institutions committed to advancing ideas that will destroy America
We should defund all foreign "aid" to countries that burn the US Flag
RT @RealCandaceO: While we have experienced many highs, we cannot deny the many lows throughout the presidency of @realDonaldTrump:		1) Bla…
Our colleges are infested with neo-Marxists determined to destroy western civilization 		We must win, they must lose https://t.co/vqOllQSL2c
The constitution was divinely inspired and shaped the course of the western world		It is the most powerful, visionary, and greatest political document ever written
The constitution was not written for the times, it was written to stand the test of time
If you are at #CPAC come see my conversation at 6PM with @EricTrump !! 		#MAGA https://t.co/isjwKD6JTw
*Heaven https://t.co/Za4aaZy0kD
Once you give up your freedom, don’t expect to get it back
The balance between the appearance of security &amp; the reality of freedom has always been at the center of our political debate		If history is any guide we must be extremely careful in curbing freedom just because we believe it will make us safer		Be careful giving up your freedom
After a year of baseless witch hunts and expensive investigations the only thing we know for certain is that Obama promised Russia flexibility after his election and Hillary sold our uranium in exchange for cash to her foundation 		The Democrats colluded with Russia
God Bless Billy Graham
It must be easy to want to disarm others while you are protected by armed guards all day https://t.co/GGYXAIm2a2
The 2nd amendment is not for hunting. It’s not for personal protection		The 2nd amendment is the amendment that protects all the others		It exists to allow us to protect ourselves in case god forbid our government becomes too powerful against us		There is no 1st without the 2nd https://t.co/btnXKZ8IB0
Excited to head to @UCF in April 		Already have ANTFIA protestors calling my scheduled appearance "A threat to the lives of UCF students"		No, conservative ideas being heard on campus doesn't make anyone unsafe. 		ANTIFA makes people unsafe! 		https://t.co/YcI19x3lwI
The most intolerant people on college campuses are typically the ones preaching "tolerance"
What is preventing Bill Gates from sending his $70 billion to the IRS? 		Why does he choose to spend his hard earned money through private charity and foundations instead of sending it to government? 		🤔 https://t.co/Vc5iAOHe7v
Socialism over 100 years:		USSR - 61 million civilians dead 		Communist China - 40 million civilians dead 		Yugoslavia - 2 million civilians 		Cambodia - 1 million civilians killed 		Over 110 million civilians killed in last 100 years thanks to Marxism 		Socialism kills		RT! https://t.co/P6ZDr6nBdr
Which of your 3 houses is this? 🤔 https://t.co/yyYBUVd3SJ
RT @FoxBusiness: .@charliekirk11 on Trump-Russia investigation: "There was no collusion." https://t.co/EguApcyCeh
One of the most disgusting and evil descriptions of our time is when people say “Trump is Hitler” 		This cheapens the evil of Hitler and turns a blind eye to the horrors of the Holocaust 		We must never forget the great evil of the 20th century and never allow it to happen again https://t.co/O6sDs9CS7D
We defend our President, members of Congress, our governors, sporting events, factories, airports, train stations, banks, jewelry stores, courts, celebrities, and athletes with guns 		Why won’t we defend our schools the same way? 🤔
Cops were sent to Cruz’s house 36 times, FBI was warned twice, and he was expelled from school, but somehow this is the @NRA at fault and a gun issue? 🤔
Do automobile companies get blamed for the tens of thousands of car deaths each year? 		Do liquor companies get blamed for the thousands of DUI’s each year? 		Does the @ACLU get blamed for the rise in “hate speech”? 		Why then do we blame the @NRA for protecting our rights? 🤔
The cities with the most gun murders are also the ones with the strictest gun laws and also happen to be run by Democrat city councils with Democrat mayors
The AR in AR-15 doesn't stand for "assault rifle" 		That is a made up term by anti-freedom advocates that have no idea what they are talking about
A vast majority of gun deaths in America are with handguns, and 2/3 of gun deaths are death via suicide (still tragic, yet we are only country that counts that as a "gun" death) 		Deaths by gun in 2016: 		Handguns: 7,105	Rifles: 374	Shotguns: 262	Other guns: 186
If gun control worked, Chicago wouldn't have had 625 gun deaths last year. Almost all of them were with handguns, not "assault rifles"		We have a systemic culture problem in America that is a result of failing public schools and government programs that keep people poor
If you are going to #CPAC be sure to come to our event with @ACUConservative on Thursday night with the incredible @EricTrump !! 		Register for VIP tix here: https://t.co/CrRiq4qrqH https://t.co/s98RGtt6zq
Then you must hate Planned Parenthood https://t.co/CZNDgj0uBg
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "We have a culture problem in this country that has stemmed from failing public schools and bad government pr…
RT @TwitchyTeam: WATCH: @charliekirk11 SHUTS DOWN a progressive's attempt at SPINNING the Florida school shooting https://t.co/5U7x8hj1l8
RT @FoxNews: .@charliekirk11: "Do you know what would've prevented [the school shooting in Florida]? If the @FBI would've done their job."…
In 2010, 48,000 felons and fugitives lied and illegally tried to purchase guns. The Obama administration prosecuted only 44 of them
It is incredible how little celebs and the media actually know about guns or the second amendment 		The misinformation is astonishing
The media hates Trump so much, they have been writing favorable articles about North Korea and their minister of propaganda 		I never thought I would see the day where the media is cheering on dictators in spite of American leaders 		#Olympics https://t.co/mVyx92u9rg
RT @FoxBusiness: .@charliekirk11 on DACA: "[The Democrats] don't want to solve it because they want perpetual illegal immigration." https:/…
Every school should have professional armed guard paid to keep the premises and children safe 		Our children are too important to leave them defenseless in the face of pure evil
Russians organized AGAINST Trump https://t.co/qcDvF29rKE
If you are constantly protected by armed guards don’t lecture me on the need for gun control