A pregnant mother was hospitalized with appendicitis the doctors indicated that the child would be born with disability and should be aborted the mother refused that woman was my mother Andrea Bocelli quoted
Young people who thinkAOC &amp;Bernie Sanders and all the Dem followers need to go beyond sound bites The ideas areFALSE check it out before you buy it America is built on a set of laws and principles No confiscation of citizens propertyEVEN wealthyGo get yours
Democrats ensnared themselves into this Socialism mania and embraced it as an an ALTERNATIVE!To what? Freedom? Prosperity? Logic? Pragmatism? Being Anti Trump is one thing Being Anti Reality is quite another ! Wake Up!
Why is there even any discussion of the Green New Deal?Its a ridiculous pipe dream of a misinformed radical woman Cortez who has as much empirical knowledge of the things she proposed as a 3 year old! Just I WANNNA don’t make it so
You should not be in office You miss the basic precept of American Justice Every person has the right for equal protection under the law including the unborn A woman takes responsibility for that life when she consents to intercourseSurely in later trimester https://t.co/qMn6bx3WAQ
Sometimes you deal with Commie Dictatorship Kim sees how Viet Nam prospers from cooperation with US Trade has strengthened that nation and its peaceful attitude has made the people there live comfortably https://t.co/Ogqpki8n8q
Fake News Who would want to kiss that! https://t.co/unoUKHuDIU
No deal was a good deal with Kim Jung Un Now quietly impose greater sanctions and meet with Japan S Korea to do so too Then when meeting with Xi of China tell him its time for him to pressure Kim No more Talks with NoKo Resume military maneuvers in SOKO
AlexandriaOcasioCortez is the media flavor of 2019 but inevitable that at close of the 2019 election cycle she will be put back in the closet and left to the ash heap of history because she is a total embarrassment to the Democrat party Look for a new face
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez got her college economics degree but could only find work as a waitress and bartender That’s it!Does her “experience “ warrant-her being chief economist and platform creater for the entire Democrat Party? Are they NUTZ?
Have you noticed how many desperateDemocrats have signed on to AOC is ridiculous green new deal just to get noticed bymedia  Near every Prez contender and over 50% of the elected officialsThey are taking their lead from a 24-year-old congressional freshman
Sorry AOC America is the world leader on fighting climate change for over a decade How about you read about it instead of writing up some fantasy solutions in your bathroom in 10 minutes Maybe farting cows are not the answer Big mouth no brauns https://t.co/JdE6RfYJKi
RT @KAG4All: .#ShiftySchiff has collusion problems of his own.	He must recuse himself for secretly meeting with Fusion GPS.	Remember he's a…
RT @realDonaldTrump: President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants…
US have put in place measures that reduced carbon emissions here drastically over the last decade100x  more that any other industrialized nation on earth Even better technology  forclean coal &amp;industrial scrubbers reduce it even more Where are other nations ?
China,India,Russia,Mexico and EU countries polute 10,000 x as America If we implement every insane Green New Deal thst Democrats want it would in 10 years reduce temperatures and  climate change less than 1/100 of a degree Cost @$70 trillion Bankruptcy
Democrats badly needed a rallying pointThey got it AOCs GreenNewDeal a collection of preposterous actions that supposedly will correct deadly climate change in 12years or we all die!Impressionable votes Liberals and desperate pols sign on to this BS Fake News
Free Medicare is a political joke Nothing is free Universal health care in UK,Canada and else where is horrific People go to neighboring countries for care Quality care is non existent US can make the system work Opposition from Trial lawyers and socialists
Just the 5 steps mentioned will bring health care costs down dramatically and health insurance cost will drop drastically but you can still have your own insurance planOwn Doctor Own treatment and get GOOD care not nanny state BS
Drugs exported to countries like Mexico from EU,Japan etc are priced hugely below US price Duabetes medications are 100 x cheaper than in US Thus unfair trade costs US consumer Not Fair
3rd 100% tax write off for every medical , dental, eye or other expense including all Rx, over the counter drugs, vitamins or anything health related 4 National Pharmaceutical Ombudsman to negotiate foreign and domestic drug prices
Free Medicare is not a fiscal reality and just another horrific way to try to get elected First there needs to be REAL tort reform for medical malpractice which causes unnecessary tests and incare protocols to prevent law suits 2nd cross states competition
US resolve with China will send signals to N Korea and Russia Iran and others that we stand by principles not economic expediency Allies must be put on notice that we won’t tolerate non compliance either With us or against us Hardline is only one
It is up to Sec if State Pompeo and President to convince our allies to follow sanctions vs Communist China for long term global security While They may not get economic benefits in short term they will once forced change occurs with Xi regime
While Russian dictatorship is troubling the overwhelming threat to America and the world is Communist China The can easily solve N Korea nuclear issue They are building a war machine with every weapon including nuclear
Any deal with Communist China must have verification imperatives as a first step They need to stop cyber theft of military and industrial data They need to allow equal import / export. They must cease efforts to use the entire S China Sea as a military base
She is a clown in the negative sense but not funny She might be better suited for a counter job at MAC Donald’s Somewhere in Europa https://t.co/SmpPPFT39W
Illegal economic government plans and military aggression by Communist China as well as trade imbalance must be part of any agreements to ease US imposed tariffs which are having a huge effect on China’s economy Don’t waiver Push all or none Now is the time
The concern about trade imbalance with Communist China is the immediate attention of markets but the most important long term issues is theft of technology Unless there is a enforceable agreement to stop it TRUMP should not waiver and impose greater tariffs
Based on the terrible deal to pass a budget deal restricting border barriers TRUMP forced byGOP failure to get fair deal  will issue National Emergency to increase barriers and border control Democrats need to be held accountable for using politics vs safety
Correction 3 Democrats out of all voted for Barr https://t.co/u70Oq0130I
Bill Barr served as Attorney General with distinction in the past Why would 45 Democrats out of 46  against him Pure AntiTRUMP Resist Everything attitude Scew the country!Look at the back stab budget bill Same ol’ These are the New Green Deal folks too
We face a real intense situation with Iran andN Korea over their nuclear arms ambitions Communist China is advancing on all fronts as US tries to contain Russian aggression worsens Venezuela is a tinderbox So Democrats throw fits about the “Wall”Insane
It is absolutely astounding that some if not most of the leading DemocratPresidential hopefuls endorsed a freshman 20 something’s outrageous GreenNewDeal(AOC) as if it was even marginally realistic. The Socialist/Communist trend is tandem with Anti-Semitism
While 76% of Republicans support Israel only 24% of Democrats offer support and that support is continually decreasing The anti-Semitic attitudes of Democrat Senate Congress office holders is sweeping over this radical party They are vocal in their criticisms
RT @PBlabbermouth: Fired Assistant AG Mc Cabe admitted the horrific bias against Donald Trump in conspiracy with Rod Rosenstien and others…
NancyPelosi said there is no National Emergency at the border even though thousands of migrants are trying to breech the border and thousands more on the way Also drugs thugs gangs sex traffickers  gun runners are also slipping in Nancy wake up
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Many of the top FBI brass were fired, forced to leave, or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton pe…
RT @thehill: Rep. Steve Scalise on Rep. Ilhan Omar serving on the House Foreign Affairs Committee: "I think Speaker Pelosi ought to remove…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the…
RT @SaraCarterDC: McCabe confirms: There just wasn’t one meeting discussing removal of @realDonaldTrump but multiple @TheJusticeDept to inv…
Fired Assistant AG Mc Cabe admitted the horrific bias against Donald Trump in conspiracy with Rod Rosenstien and others to try to remove Trump from the elected Presidency. McCabes wife got hundreds for thousands of dollars for her losing campaign Scum
RT @KAG4All: .SHE’S SORRY: Ilhan Omar Unequivocally Apologizes for Anti-Semitic Twitter Rant.	That's NOT enough.	EVERY SINGE HATE-FILLED TW…
RT @RealJack: Top Leadership calls for Omar to be REMOVED FROM HER SEAT over her anti-Semitic comments...		https://t.co/3JIiUHiXZ5
2 days after Trump announcement of withdrawal from INF treaty Russia displayed a new Cruise Missile That violates the treaty This has been going on for at least a decade China continues unabated development of UCBMs all with nuclear capability Rebuild US now
Zambia lost its National Broadcasting to China andsoon its main airport in Sri Lanka lost its main seaport now Kenya is losing it main railway Mombasa to Nairobi Other key “Belt and Road “ nations face same takeovers in China’s quest for world domination https://t.co/Ik2HUYFAkY
African nations have been talked into taking loans from Communist China that are impossible to repay Loans for ports, railways and key transport infrastructure When they default China takes control and with it their economy thus control of the nation
Why not Da Nang? Hanoi has a really bad connotation Why not Japan or another more closely allied nation? Poor choice of location. https://t.co/FzVgGLowrh
What about the other 2 ? https://t.co/slMTqlrt0c
RT @SteveScalise: Wherever you stand on abortion, how can you think it's anything other than murder to kill a baby after it's born alive du…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I was a big fan of Frank Robinson, both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseba…
Oh Nancy! How could you cries Alexandria Ocasio Cortez your making me look foolish😝😤 https://t.co/w4bFiWXZvM
“ Maduro is a marriage of a miltary dictatorship, international drug cartel , guided by Cuban spy networks &amp; services”New sanctions needed against both Cuba and Venezuela
The solar energy has limited applications especially for domestic use Caution with installers causing roof leaks electricity cannot be stored Panels damage easily last 7-10 years at best with big expenseWind mills worse high cost short life high maintainence
Follow Political Blabbermouth if you are a concerned citizen and want to know what’s really going on in politics and sometimes in other areas like sports and environmental concerns Vetted research shows the truth unvarnished and timely
The Political Blabbermouth has alerted tweeter viewers of threats to our nation long before these threats are national news The several articles about Communist China Overv2 years expose the worlds biggest threat Now need our allies to see it
FINALLY the allowing Chinese Communists to be on hundreds of US campus’ spewing propaganda and recently uncovered spy networks is exposed and the Confucius Initiative courses give by imported Commie Professors with their own books must be outlawed NOW
Philadelphia Eagles losing QB Nick Foles is Outrageous St Nick has taken over for ailing star Carson Wentz Who has a propensity for injury - twice sidelined in 2 years History repeats itself Keep St Nick
Once unvetted illegals get in to US they disappear forever They don’t show up for asylum hearing because the don’t qualify to be here Only if they get caught in a crime outside of Sanctuary Cities do they get deported They come to YOUR neighborhood
Right now!Over 10,000 caravan Central American illegals aka migrants are either at or near US Mexican border trying to sneak in There is no place to vet them for disease , valid asylum, terrorism, drugs, criminals No barriers they will find places to sneak in
Free college requires high tax on middle class wage earners under $40,000 a year No choice of college Shut down of courses of study 4 year commitment to complete or be charged back tuition Loose professor requirements Shut down many private universities
Truth is most of those who say they are for universal healthcare would not tolerate what requirements there are including no private healthcare insurance companies more taxes close down Medicare have long delays for tests &amp;treatment no choice of doctor
RT @PBlabbermouth: Germans are doing a swift trade with Iran in direct conflict with American boycott Germany trades 80 times as much wit U…
RT @PBlabbermouth: Hezbollah is a primarily funded Iranian terrorist organization that has killed many in the EU and nearby Why won’t they…
Go Wagner!! https://t.co/y1AmOBxUx4
RT @KNP2BP: 🔸Newark Under Corey🔸		Rampant Corruption	Child Poverty Increased 32%	Increased Taxes 20%	Increased Crime	Cut Police 13%	Increas…
Hezbollah is a primarily funded Iranian terrorist organization that has killed many in the EU and nearby Why won’t they outlaw them in Europe as they raise money in Germany? Ex German Leader Schroeder is an ally of Iran US Amb. Grenell will push back &amp;Pompeo
Germans are doing a swift trade with Iran in direct conflict with American boycott Germany trades 80 times as much wit US than Iran US must advise all nations if you trade with Iran NO US trade See how quick they will drop Iran
RT @dcexaminer: Joe Biden embraced segregation in 1975, claiming it was a matter of 'black pride'		https://t.co/Ws5wDjAekM
RT @JudicialWatch: After a JW complaint, the Senate Ethics Committee has refused to take action on Senator Cory Booker, who admitted he wil…
ACO says the planet is doomed in 12 years Her other thoughts are just as illogical as is her Green Deal ideas Yet the lemmings in the Democrat Nomination race embrace her outlandish ideas as if they actually made sense Are they all mad?
RT @ConservativeTht: “My doctor gave a man 6 months to live.  When he couldn’t pay his bill, he gave him 6 more months.” ~ Rodney Dangerfie…
RT @EricMon87733898: Who wore it better... https://t.co/KBj5LUW5mi
RT @marcorubio: Maduro is raiding the gold reserves of #Venezuela to generate cash. He has already stolen at least 10% of total reserves in…
They never give up on Kavanaugh even when not on Shred of Evidence-was even uncovered But He is vindicated as he is the Justice on the Supreme Court https://t.co/1eTOjwiRn8
Where is the outrage by Democrats? https://t.co/pkvUgGBsgk
Gillabrand ,Harris and others want open borders Aliens can’t come to US just because they can’t find work in their own country and seek welfare here Aslyum is limited to fear of life not a pay check or distain for own nations faults
RT @realDonaldTrump: Nellie Ohr, the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr, was long ago investigating for pay (GPS Fusion) members of my family,…
It’s official The Democrat party endorses and even celebrates infanticide Ever party leader including Pelosi and Schumer and all Presidential wanabees either ok or refuse to reject after birth murder of babies per Va proposal Passed inNY
RT @SaraCarterDC: What a shame there are so many liars in the Senate without the courage to stand up and do what’s right..@henryrodgersdc s…
RT @marcorubio: Maduro now relies on special units of masked assassins to suppress, intimidate &amp; murder protestors &amp; dissenters.		How long…
RT @Jenn198523: Here we go...Spartacus officially running for President 2020.	He will make America great like he did with Newark NJ. NOT!!!…
Obama and Dems knowingly allowed Russia to cheat on INF treaty for at least 5 years and did nothing Only Trump won’t stand for it He is pulling out as Russia &amp; China build a ballistic missile Arsenal Dems refuse to agree on pull out Idiotic Keep Trump
HeyCory you blabber and do stupid thingsThis run is typical ignorance You gave your cronies over $200 mil meant for Newark schools YourSpartacus moment exposing info already on the record shows you to be incompetent Your no reincarnated Obama Just skin color https://t.co/vFMN3Ut2N2
No need for a Federal Hoilday It only takes a short time to vote and no good reason to proclaim a paid holiday when its a civic duty https://t.co/hD4AX09Yue
Due to Trump withdrawal from Iranian Nuke Deal and the leadership of our diplomatic corps particularly Richard Grenell Our Ambassador to Germany many nations have stopped trade or greatly curtailed trade with Iran Now outlaw Hezbollah inEU too
Ambassador to Germany Richard Grenell former Fox News standout has become one of Trumps most effective diplomats He has decried the involvement of Iranian diplomats in terror actions that resulted in murders in seveyEU nations He is exposing Iran’s terrorism
Is that even possible? https://t.co/lRc6GlAnXl
Unlikely Trump caved in With the Shutdown looming near Super Bowl Sunday and Air Traffic Controllers stretched hevagrred to 3 week moratorium Then he will announceWall Building  for National Security as 10,000 more approach border
RT @RepublicanChick: #HolocaustRembrance #NeverAgain January 27 is a day to remember the 6M Jews and millions of other minorities who were…
RT @macleans: Scott Gilmore: John McCallum got $73,000 in gifts from China as an MP. Ottawa says it's 'sponsored travel'. Diplomats would c…
RT @RoseDC11: Hmmmm isn't this interesting??? Look what I came across! I'm sure @SenSchumer isn't going to like this! PLEASE RT!!!! Let's g…
So that’s where Beto got his votes https://t.co/k11vlbP9eu
RT @CharlieDaniels: Watch the wrinkles on Cuomo’s face lengthen as the ramifications of the thousands of murders he has sanctioned 	come to…
Spot on That was the legacy of Paul Ryan He stayed too long He failed the President and the nation Good riddance https://t.co/CdaLgmIrq7
This moron should be banned from TV for cause Others have been for less https://t.co/AkjzogE9Rh
Censure Her now https://t.co/GEcGtQZPVw
29’agents 17 vehicles CNN called in to televise by Mueller And this was a process allegationIts all Get Trump driven and its out of control when the FBI DirectorWray signs on TooIt can happen to you . US is not a police state but the Stone thing is a problem https://t.co/ZALuClUhGa
RT @BretStephensNYT: "In the age of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez it has to be explained all over again. Why does socialism never work? Because,…
RT @RealSaavedra: Rep. Ilhan Omar facing new scrutiny over past effort to win leniency for 9 men accused of trying to join ISIS	https://t.c…
RT @robertdunlap947: Obama Regime Still Making Deals &amp; Meeting Leaders Like They Are Still In Charge😡. I’m sorry, BUT AT WHAT POINT DO THES…
Trudeau is rarely right but he was spot on over push back of Communist China and Huawei. Espionage is the gravest crime against a nation China does it at will and as general plan of government against all nations It must stop https://t.co/9T1Qva2k05
Maybe Trump and his supporters have uttered some stupid statements and insensitive comments Duh In DC that’s a daily occurrence On lame stream media its nearly minute by minute So once it gets 1 news cycle it’s gone Life goes on
The McCain-Trump feud was a mutual adventure McCain was as aggressive as Trump in fueling it Did his opinion matter as he lay dying Likely not but being within earshot of the PC police you can’t espouse that kind of rhetoric and come away unscath Even inDC https://t.co/a3XBaQ9gse
US Senate has oversight over FBI Get to it Why is FBI acting like JACKBOOT SS when there is alleged white collar crime allegations Of basically lying ?? We are not a police state This can happen to ANYONE!Need to investigate Fire Wray !he is another Comey
The FBI is self destructing  it image as the premier fair law enforcement agency in America The entire Trump conspiracy was manufactured with the help of FBI leadership from Comey on down Now Wray is doing it With Mueller in the Stone matter Outrageous
FBI Director Wray owes the public an explanation as to why he approved the huge para military units with SWAT team weapons and dogs descending on Roger Stones Florida home when a call to him or his lawyer would have brought him in Is Mueller running FBI now??
Philips lied about Viet Nam service then also tried to disrupt a Mass at a DC Church Then he sort to intimidate kids from a Catholic high school Yet the liberal media is defending him as are some Democrat Presidential contenders Outrageous https://t.co/a7zk94QlvQ
The hue and cry over water boarding of enemy combatants was front and center on both Democrat and some Republican lawmakers as “torture “ So what is abortion of a 9 month old unborn US citizen Are we to protect the enemy and not the citizens Congress must act
Did Federal Agents believe Roger Stone was “ armed and dangerous “? Seems like theater meant to humiliate and intimidate Stone who is a white collar political operative not a serial killer The alleged crimes were primarily lying Hardly needed “Force Five”
Was the method of Roger Stones arrest really necessary.A SWAT like team of armed armor clad agent assended on Stones house at 6am shining lights as if they were looking for some high level murder suspect Why not call him and he and his lawyer surrender ?
Time for Saints- Rams Redux But without blind refs
RT @PBlabbermouth: DOC Halliday and Manny Rivera gave is fans much to cheer about and further elevated the game of baseball with their awes…
DOC Halliday and Manny Rivera gave is fans much to cheer about and further elevated the game of baseball with their awesome excellence Cooperstown will add these greats now in the Hall of FameDocs untimely death is a tragedy but  he never will be forgotten
COHEN was one of his lawyers for years It is expected he would talk to him https://t.co/K2kszii50w
Amazed as to how many young people were in the huge Pro Life March Hundreds of thousands involved biggest ever Bigger than Woman’s March What does that say?
Anti Semitic fevor in the Woman’s March Organization Ms is evident How can they protest inequality yet include prejudice against Jews in their views Just sayin OH NO we don’t is bogus They have and they do
Mazie  its a bill in the Senate you dufuss Its not a whimAre you just plain ignorant or have no idea how this works ? Retire and let someone with a brain take over https://t.co/9qMKvLYtB5
RT @PBlabbermouth: Any dialogue with North Korea is worth pursuing Decades of alternative have only made matters critically worse There is…
RT @PBlabbermouth: If Trumps proposal is insufficient why is there no Democrat counter offer? Where are Pelosi and Schumer? Next is the onl…
RT @PBlabbermouth: Most Democrats are in favor of non citizens being permitted to vote This is why they want illegals streaming across our…
Any dialogue with North Korea is worth pursuing Decades of alternative have only made matters critically worse There is NO trust factor sanctions remain Let Kim know there will be more sanctions if he tries to pull a fast one Trump has the economic leverage
If Trumps proposal is insufficient why is there no Democrat counter offer? Where are Pelosi and Schumer? Next is the only option Declare a NationalEmergency &amp;fund the wall and border security though the military budget &amp; increase it proportionately https://t.co/lX7lEhb0ne
Most Democrats are in favor of non citizens being permitted to vote This is why they want illegals streaming across our borders They hope to tip vote forever in their favor by adding 12 million + illegals to vote rolls Obvious
Then why is America still buying Venezuela oil? Those purchases are the only thing that provides funds to keep the government open Congres must cut off alltrade with Madurai and any country trading with him https://t.co/zdhZgTsFeL
RT @realDonaldTrump: Starting the long overdue pullout from Syria while hitting the little remaining ISIS territorial caliphate hard, and f…
And you are an agent of Destruction of this country https://t.co/HK4W2Ok3lb
RT @realDonaldTrump: If Elizabeth Warren, often referred to by me as Pocahontas, did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead o…
RT @SteveScalise: Bottom line: We need a wall at our border to stop criminals, drugs, &amp; human traffickers from pouring into our country. Th…
Decorum requires a Congresswoman to address the office as President TRUMP you nincompoop ! There will be a wall dispite your moronic ravings https://t.co/kwWGWlr4ep
Comparing social conditions in 1900 to today is ridiculous Anyone citizen or alien can walk into any emergency room and immediately get medical care Back then they DIED .TR saw this and took action
Teddy Roosevelt was a conservative by today’s standard He did advocate for the huge population of poor and sick that in that time in early 1900s had no real social safety net whatsoever US did not have much $ but protection and prevention was key to him
Recent editorial column in NY Times-Patricia O’Toole attempt to rewrite history is preposterous! Teddy Roosevelt never advocated Universal Healthcare But did recognize the role USGovernment had in medical concerns and epidemics 1906 medicine was in infancy
RT @PBlabbermouth: An effort by NYTimes columnist Michele Goldberg to equate the statement by newly elected Muslim Congresswoman Rashida Tl…
RT @PBlabbermouth: There is no excuse for demeaning the person who occupies the office of Prez by a sitting US Congressperson by calling hi…
There is no excuse for demeaning the person who occupies the office of Prez by a sitting US Congressperson by calling him “A Motherfucker” it is outrageous and this radical Muslim Congresswoman should be censured Share if you agree
An effort by NYTimes columnist Michele Goldberg to equate the statement by newly elected Muslim Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib calling Donald Trump President of USA a motherfucker was incorrect and absurd None of the examples direct that kind of slur 1 person
RT @JohnFromCranber: No Russian Collusion has ever been found because there was no Russian Collusion		The Mueller Probe has always been jus…
Paul Manafort was brought in after Trump was front runner after Cory Lewandowski  was primary manager Paul knew enough to get Trump through GOP National Convention his primary task and the was get through itAny other issues were unimportant Then he left
Former Senator Rick Santorum (R-Pa) does the GOP or himself by publicly opining on CNN that no one in respected GOP circles would work on Trump campaign Fact is Paul Manafort the 2 nd campaign manager successfully got Trump the nomination Then resigned
What is U.S. response? https://t.co/V36bpyW4gr
Better to restrict travel until their safety is guaranteed https://t.co/k6cVzXWLjp
How about banning travel to China Only “ protected “ government agents should be allowed We are close to war with China even if not with guns https://t.co/k6cVzXWLjp
And all your voters ! https://t.co/4CTEDnyt3u
And Kirsten they are all Democrats who are the swamp and hate Trump likeComey, Strock ,etc 800 k out out of 6.5 million employees or more all paid by taxpayers The checker checking the checker! https://t.co/gudmZTDI63
What is this “fight” blabber? These Senators sit in their federaliy protected offices in cushy chairs and go to the Senate dining room anytime for a free meal, workout in the gym and get a free hair cut Our military fight not our Senators https://t.co/ZzMxLcr7LI
Democrats agenda 1day Pelosi had a bill passed to fund abortions worldwide,killing the unbornThen shouted no funds for a WALL that would save countless America lives How do Democrat voters feel about that?
Trump has taken a decidedly different approach to Communist China He exposes the outrageous actions that this enemy of democracy exhibits and will not tolerate their blatant aggression and illegal agenda No other POTUS has been so critical of China# Sanctions
Acting Defense Secretary Shanahan is taking a hard line on Communist China Whole Mattis was less inclined to confront the Chinese Shanahan seems poised to push back hard against China’s worldwide intrusion and aggression
Threats from China’s military indicated US forces feared loss of life and would run from their military should a confrontation in the South China Sea erupts They claim total sovereignty over that Sea
Communist China’s military threatened America today over their control over the South China Sea which is the international water way for commerce for dozens of nations Stated their air craft carriers and battleships will desimate US forces if challenged
“Captain”Daryl Dragon who partnered with Toni Tenile passed away at 76 They were pop music giants in 1970s with a slew of number 1 hits
RT @PBlabbermouth: “America is a shining city upon a hill whose beacon light guides Freedom loving people every where “President Ronald Rea…
“America is a shining city upon a hill whose beacon light guides Freedom loving people every where “President Ronald Reagan. As America faces the challenges of this new year hope is eternal that if we follow this idea we will succeed and promote freedom
RT @thebradfordfile: Carter: Let's fix immigration.		Reagan: Let's fix immigration.		Bush 41: Let's fix immigration.		Clinton: Let's fix im…
RT @aravosis: Nancy Pelosi isn’t even Speaker yet. Republicans control the White House, House and Senate, and Trump promised on national te…
Sad https://t.co/tGllaaqTja
RT @PBlabbermouth: California Cop murdered in Sanctuary State is another in a long line of atrocities by illegals who had been arrested and…
RT @statesperson: Pelosi jets off to swanky Hawaiian resort during shutdown, while Trump visits troops in Iraq https://t.co/ha8cWh9KOt
RT @charliekirk11: Congress spent nearly 50 BILLION to bail out failing GM in 2009 and GM is now firing employees and moving jobs overseas…
RT @deenie7940: Hungary Has a Wall, Israel Has a Wall, Turkey Has a Wall, Nancy Pelosi's Backyard Has a Wall... Why Can't the US Have a Wal…
California Cop murdered in Sanctuary State is another in a long line of atrocities by illegals who had been arrested and set free not deported Mexico is little help to stop them actually allowing them unfettered travel Close the border Build the WALL
RT @PBlabbermouth: Support Sen Mike Lee If you believe in religious freedom https://t.co/FQdSeiAe6e
RT @PBlabbermouth: Liberals &amp; media show incredible bias as they elevate left wing Supreme Court Justice Ruth B Ginsburg to folkhero status…
RT @PBlabbermouth: Ginni Thomas wife of Justice Thomas is being attacked for suppoyof Trumps call to a border WALL while RBG trashes Trump…
Ginni Thomas wife of Justice Thomas is being attacked for suppoyof Trumps call to a border WALL while RBG trashes Trump with immunity Bias run rampant ! If her illnesses prevent her to continue on the Court Trump will pick another Constitution Justice
Liberals &amp; media show incredible bias as they elevate left wing Supreme Court Justice Ruth B Ginsburg to folkhero status The fawning even extended to a movie She is a fine person but a mediocre judge No great decisions Ok she is 85 SO What ?So are WW2 Vets
Support Sen Mike Lee If you believe in religious freedom https://t.co/FQdSeiAe6e
RT @PBlabbermouth: Trump agreed to reappoint Feldblum to EEOC only to appease Schumer who seeks LGBT support But he won’t fight Mcconnell o…
RT @PBlabbermouth: Feldblum could not get approval of the Senate di Obama made a recess appointment She constantly writes and speaks on LGT…
Trump agreed to reappoint Feldblum to EEOC only to appease Schumer who seeks LGBT support But he won’t fight Mcconnell on it and let her term expire
Feldblum could not get approval of the Senate di Obama made a recess appointment She constantly writes and speaks on LGTB rights over any religious rights Her father is a rabbi but she is anti religion no matter how she trys to disguise it Retire her
Flake couldn’t even get re-elected in his own state He quit instead of being best and didn’t have McCain to give him cover McSally will be so much better a Senator not a RINO https://t.co/r4RP0qlcIi
Sen Mike Lee is right Feldblum should not be reappointed to EEOC She puts LGTB rights above time honored religious rights guaranteed in the Constitution She rails at beliefs that Muslims,CATHOLICS and other religions view homosexuality as a sin She is gay
RT @SebGorka: BUILD THE WALL so no more mothers are widowed, and children lose their fathers like this. https://t.co/gRKRqee9oK
About time Cut them off until they work with US to stop illegal migration Mexico needs to step up at their southern border too Intolerable A judge just let 1000 unvettted illegals in Some had smalllpox MS13 too Build the Wall https://t.co/XrMgfh72sA
Arguments that US AirForce is capable of all space security falls flat when Russia tested a hypersonic weapon that is 27 times faster than sound and can’t be intercepted Trumps Space Force is vital to US defense
How many murderers, drug couriers and dealers, MS13 gang members and other scumbags will come across the border before Democrats think it’s time to act?Kates Law and others needed to stop the madness Dems funded walls and fences during Obama years $ billions
They wil get all their pay as soon as idiots like you stop playing politics with border security and agree to fund barriers so illegals like the one that murdered a California cop are not allowed in Over 1000 we released today into US invetted https://t.co/4so0LbiKXL
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit our incredible troops at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!…
Good latte is a good and honorable guy That Bill was flawed Murkaski is a grandstander and egotist She will be retired next cycle https://t.co/FOOxhjivmz
RT @MikeTokes: AMAZING: 		President Trump visited Iraq for the holidays to speak to our troops stationed there and was welcomed with USA ch…
He brought it upon himself with his vile comments and bizarre behavior https://t.co/TUtlSk2cte
Merry Christmas Thanks for all you do for our nation and your sacrifices The DiSimone&amp; Saclise Families https://t.co/piDcmyl11L
RT @WagnerAthletics: #HappyHolidays https://t.co/dvdKjgCiGb
RT @marcorubio: “Joseph, son of David, do not be afraid to take Mary your wife into your home. For it is through the Holy Spirit that this…
RT @SteveScalise: Our southern border is in crisis, and our brave border patrol agents are being attacked. We need to give them the tools t…
RT @BobbyRydell: Merry Christmas Eve to all. Do you and your family have any special Christmas Eve traditions? My daughter always makes our…
Need Congressional investigators to expose every instance of censorship and begin drafting legislation That goes for Government agencies as well https://t.co/XgV86xOtRU
Good idea
Maybe a offer of exemptions for Hawaii,Puerto Rico Virgin IslandsGuam from Jones Act Tariffs and lessen immigration requirements to those places and a DACA deal will interest Democrats in negotiating a deal for Wall funding Worth a try AT DiSimone NJ https://t.co/Cle1VX7Xs3
Paul Ryan never did one major thing in his entire tenure in Congress
RT @RealJack: Did you know:		Jim Mattis will have served as President Trump’s Secretary of Defense longer the last three of Obama’s Secreta…
Why is there so many big issues? Trump is taking problems on head on and all at once Obama the Ostrich buried his head in the sand for 8 years now TRUMP has the headaches That’s what donothingObama left for Donald
Putin threatens US as TRUMP decides on pull out of IMF treaty Communist China poised for trade war and military expansion worldwide NKorea Kim thumbs nose at Trump nuke removal Iran funds more terrorism and Trump needs to deal with Dems majority Tough spot!
RT @KurtSchlichter: I need clarification:		Wednesday, Trump was bad because he is going to stop a war.		Thursday, Trump is bad because with…
Mr President you hire seasoned experts in the military to help frame policy You need to bring them in BEFORE unilateral decisions Give them some credibility Listen and modify You can still get there but less bombast You need Independents desperately in 2020
Graham is right No need to announce turning tail and running Do a draw down Dint Telegraph to The enemy as you chastised Obama for doing Bad move and you lost Mattis BIG mistake You will pay in  2020 Hurts your standing with  the military https://t.co/GM8TsDEJZu
ExSpeaker Paul Ryan decried failure to reform Social Security and Medicare Duh!He was incharge and could have at least started a process He was ineffective and toothless Non Leader No GUTS Why didn’t he try to stagger 40 GOP retirements ?Failure!
Reagan had the right idea but no support from GOP and Dems resisted It was not as critical No 6000 people caravans and incredible drug and MS13 problem at that time Build that WALL now Critical https://t.co/vUflmMDXlF
Why does Trump feel compelled to personally announce troop withdrawals from Syrians Afganistan ?Just do it without announcing or fanfare And why die he have to deliver ever bit of news?Delegate to others please Less flack 2020 is near!!!
RT @marklevinshow: No other way to put it: the president's Syrian decision is shocking https://t.co/qkWExmGtAm
RT @sxdoc: US Government Announces $10.6 Billion in Aid—$4.8B to Mexico; Central America Gets $5.8 Billion —Was This a Reward? Central Amer…
Obama shrank from the red line when Assad used chemical weapons and encouraged ISIS to expand He IS responsible Ms Rice and you are an accomplice in his malfeasance as an a Advisor Shame on both of you https://t.co/BCzSPAYCGO
Hey Mr Flake why don’t you go quietly into the https://t.co/BLpit6nTBL had a few minutes of notoriety now your all done No one likes you or cares about your view A lame duck ? No lame brain https://t.co/LXq5N577zA
Pres TRUMP must insist on at least the $1.5 billion for border security/ wall before agreeing to the Continuing Resolution or he will face stiff opposition from supporters in2020 and be denied a 2nd term Crunch Time Put on your big boy pants!
@realDonaldTrump @Patrici15767099 @PeteHegseth @FoxNews He should be judged only in the context of destroying an enemy combatant during war How is killing Taliban enemy who blew up many US Troops a crime?
Why won’t the German Government release the records on Vladimir Putin’s tenure with the infamous East German Stasi.He was also KGB at the same https://t.co/doxiuKdl7T doubt it shows the ruthless thug he is from early on
Congress can craft an health insurance program with options tailored to individuals needs instead of the failed ACA which is unworkable and infixable There needs to be tiers based on projections just like other plans
RT @BobbyRydell: Happy Saturday! What are your plans for this weekend?
Interment Camps were set up in WW2 for Japanese living in America by Democrat FDR for fear of cooperating with the enemy Detention Villages are set up to accommodate the thousands of illegals who caravaned to our border to illegally come in Big Difference
Ignorance has no bounds https://t.co/f8emVxisnc
No wonder Never Trump magazine Weekly Stardard is going under The cover and feature story is that nincompoop NJ Senator Cory Booker in their last edition Who cares? Share if your glad the Standard is kaput!😢
Read the 100 year Marathon by Micheal Pillsbury Evidence of a Communist Chinese program to become the dominant power by 2049 and enslave the world under thier rule Frightening call to immediate action Trump has started the real push back
China is threatening Canada as the prepare to extradite a Chinese spy to US The woman was financial head of Hiaweione of the largest tech firms-CFO Meng Wenzhou She should be tried and If guilty-executed
Bold face liar https://t.co/1p9dYqRbPF
Vice President Pence spoke most eloquently at the Capital Routinda event for the late President Bush His heartfelt words and story about Bush sending congrats to his son was quite something Pence is a seasoned statesman and we are proud to have him
Nancy &amp; Anthony Di Simone at Cocktail reception for President George H WBush at Inaugural 1989 Nancy was a Bush Superdelegate Anthony was a Reagan Delegate Later Anthony and his son Anthony were invited to the Bush White House in 1990 https://t.co/07sw4k5lCC
US leaders gather at Reagan Library in Simi Valley Ca again With the  passing of his VP  successor it is noted as part of the Reagan legacy as well The 2 made historic progress for the nation and avoided nuclear war Now we face the threats again
The legacy of George HWBush is forever intwined with his predecessor Ronald Reagan in the demise of the USSR and rebuilding of the US military and economic forces that propelled the Nation to new stature Indeed George W owed his nomination to them
Sometimes Trump runs off at the mouth and insults those who have served well No doubt he is brash and will lose friends unnecessarily He is effective and what’s the alternative Hillary? With all the warts it’s ok https://t.co/TtoZMc2RAN
Ellis Island was 100 years ago The immigrants came in but No welfare No food stamps No free lunch or anything else They had to survive on their own not by taxpayers handouts Things have changed so policy changes
But if you listen to Dems CNN &amp; NBC it’s nice ladies with little kids No 80% men 20-36 None qualified for asylum They will immediately signup for aid housing medical schools and drain &amp; play the system Keep them out Build the Wall Merit admittance https://t.co/DErzQHHcrT
And being kidnapped and held for fandom Or catch TB, AIDS or Pox Get mugged Stay away it’s a hell hole with palm trees https://t.co/CWOKyCGblo
Hardest decision TRUMP will make Leave and Al Queda and Taliban reorganize and send waves of terror to US shores Stay and see control dwindle or force escalation Afgans will never gain control Its a horror show What to do ? https://t.co/osoTdG9UXh
GreatvWe need a bull dog https://t.co/TJiLry2m0R
???? https://t.co/vrtZ6OfcN5
Justice Roberts is a big disappointment He waffles on big issues and is unreliable in defending the Constitution But  TRUMP added 2 good judges to offset him 4 solid strict Constructionists and may get another Dems are done on SCOTUS for decades https://t.co/MOetgUCiOq
RT @GOP: With nearly 100 campaign appearances during the 2018 election cycle, the Trump family delivered big for GOP candidates across the…
RT @TIME: "Their aim is to assimilate us." China sends government workers to infiltrate Uighur homes https://t.co/XrcayHdMpS
Mrs McCain Get over it It was all politics even if personally they disliked each other John had sour grapes over Trump win Trump was brutal about McCain capture Insults don’t define either of them https://t.co/fq55vil8Kp
Trump meets Xi and gives that Commie a brushoff No deal on trade until they meet all reasonable conditions Nuff Said and advise allies to abide by sanctions and refuse unfair trade China is cheating everyone Stop it now
Russia cheated on nuke weapons agreement US must pull out and rearm NOW Mudt put the boots to North Korea big time Sanctions on all nations that trade with NK and refuse trade with them It is the only way to stop their nuke production
Saints lose to Cowboys 13-10
Members of the G-20 should denounce Putin and his aggression against the Ukraine Trump should cancel his meeting with him Why give this murdering thug the world stage to strut around like some  major player to be feared He picks on a weak nation Bully Bastard
GM sales of Chevy Cruise are dismal Well stop making them and retool to Crossovers SUV and Trucks Not Fire 14,000 in US and not in Mexico &amp; Canada Pigs took our bailout Now screw us Trump is angry and so are many
General Motors begged U.S. Government for financial bailout when they nearly went under a few years ago They took taxpayers money Now profitable they seek to close down US plants but not foreign ones Firing 14,000 here They can retool and make SUVs&amp; trucks
Kudos to Phil He beat Tiger by 1 stroke to win $9 million play off !!!
Chief Justice Roberts is not just protective of liberal judges he is radically anti Republican and privately attacked Donald Trump as a demagogue and danger to Democracy He sees Democrats as a balance to him and promotes Impeachment
Shitstorm is brewing within Democrat ranks Liberals seek revenge for Hillary’s loss and gains by GOP over last election cyclesThey will try to get illegals right to vote and amnesty to give out millions of GreenCards Already started with caravans&amp;9th Circut
Dirty Tricks Group funded by big Dem donors( Soros , Stryer  Bloomberg ) are creating media backed scandals and positioning operatives to demean Trump and give excuses for Democrat Congress to Impeach Trump Pelosi is in on it but fains ignorance
Secret meetings held off Capitol Hill rumored to be a Democrat “hit squad” lining up legal attacks on Trump, family members and administration leaders Top brass of Dem party are to lead the charge Take No Prisoners
Uber Liberal. Dem NJ Gov Murphy knows the state is still in fiscal crisis even after former Gov Christie faced a $ 10 billion deficit  from Jon Corzine when he won 9 years ago &amp; managed to work thru it Murphy may bankrupt state again $500 billion to teachers
Cash strapped New Jersey is using$2.1 million in taxpayer money for legal defense of illegal aliens vs US Government in deportation cases Democrat Gov Murphy allocated the funds but won’t for Vets &amp; Seniors needing legal help
Given Russia’s track record of ignoring international law how can a Russian General under Putin’s control be head of Interpol Russians have murdered critics  in foreign nations and more US&amp; Allies must stop this today
Maybe if she is beholden to him deals can be made? Not a bad strategy https://t.co/f1Jt15QndL
RT @Lowcountry1Girl: California Burns👉🏻Gov. Jerry Brown’s decision to veto a 2016 bipartisan bill aimed at mitigating wildfire risks from p…
Over 70 dead and 1000 missing in California wildfires? How can that be? Where is security in this place? Innocent victims due to government failure Its beyond outrageous Its sacrilegious!
RT @ScottforFlorida: Last week, Florida voters elected me as their next U.S. Senator and now the ballots have been counted twice. I am incr…
RT @Aramaithea: Altered Election Documents Tied To Florida Dems Reviewed ByFederal Prosecutors	Dems are working feverishly to overturn the…
Broward County count 2 minutes late Of course on purpose Courts must reject late filing and accept the added 700+ votes for Scott and get this over with He win!Then Suspend Snipes asap prelude to firing Maybe AG step in
RT @gatewaypundit: BREAKING: Court Rules Hillary Clinton Must Answer Key Questions About Her Private Server https://t.co/NqQ0gopJJT via @ga…
Perhaps we have more to fear from Ms Harris and her radical beliefs than ICE https://t.co/kK15qBKSoB
Roy Clark passed st 85 Great entertainer great humor Adieu Roy we will  miss you
RT @DanCrenshawTX: Last night I saw the original Declaration Of Independence and US Constitution for the first time. Breathtaking. 		Those…
RT @RickPorterSEO: Dead people in Broward Country are only voting for Dems.  Republicans need a better platform for dead people or we will…
After Mayor Don Guardian (R-AC) distinguished himself as he took the city from bankruptcy to financially operational and brought civility back he was rejected in partisan electionNow current mayor Gilliam who started a drunken fistfight diminished that image
Mayor Frank Gilliam( Dem-Atlantic City) failed to show at the NJ State League of Municipalities as keynote welcome address. Speculation swirls as to his resignations removal following a late night fist fight he preptrated at a casino with a City Councilman
Don’t hold your breathe that Democrats would move to moderation Overwhelmingly the Dems will champion the Socialist Agenda - Medicare for all, Free college , Government Salaries for all,Sanctuary cities,More Taxes Like that?
Funny Black comedy But funny https://t.co/dGhVe4OfU7
RT @AriFleischer: Acosta has access to the White House, the same every other opinion writer or op-ed writer has. He remains a member of the…
A RINO? Really So Socialist Sinema is better?Puleeze! it’s sad to see McSally Why ?Gov Ducey won in a cakewalk https://t.co/djEmh1Rahr
Oil fell to $55.69 and expected to fall more TRUMP removal of restrictions on fracking, exploration and more made US the top oil producer and export more import less Drivers will see gas prices drop more Businesses cheer its all good
Radical Liberal Sinema won in Arizona Senate McSally ran a great race but people were fooled by deceit including the non whites who have a better life with GOP running Government than Dems but don’t get it Open your eyes and wallets!
Staten Island elected Rose to Congress a Democrat in  a Republican district That happened a lot Healthcare as main issue There is NO free Healthcare None It must be paid by taxes by you Yet voters don’t get it
RT @marcorubio: According to @Floridianpress earlier this morning #Broward Sheriff’s office discovered voting equipment &amp; what is purported…
If America wasn’t so concerned about democracy world wide we would not have entered 2,world wars and saved  Europe including France from dictatorial madmen We are Patriots &amp; Nationalists and Also Pragmatists Freedom for all Macron needs a history lesson https://t.co/1TzGob7wT7
We lost 116,000 American soldiers in WW1 -the Great War some to Mustard &amp; Chlorine gas attacks Horrific death Now Assad used these illegal weapons against the Syrian people and Russians condone it This must stop
Yes He Did
Yes Trump dif🇺🇸 He stood in the rain in Paris until he gave an address honoring our WW1 dead buried in France 🇫🇷If you need to bash Trump be truthful especially when it comes to his commitment to our military https://t.co/5TqDkwwsv9
Unbelievable!!!! https://t.co/OobEojHNzp
Maybe we need a Federal Law to prevent news media from “ projecting election winners until 80% or more votes are in? https://t.co/hcW660WDKj
Alert! Communist China is close to a deal with Portugal to “partner” in a satellite deal to monitor all vessels on the Atlantic Ocean includingall US Submarines and Naval Ships leaving us exposed to complete surveillance Stop it Congr Nunez has told Prez
Looks like GOP has lost every house seat in NJ as well as both Senate seats, Governor and both legislative houses!! So now what? GOP State Committee needs to answer for this to Republicans What the hell are you doing???
The Associated Press gave Jim Acosta CNN a pass for swiping at a young female intern at Presidential press conference They harp on how fast his arm swung at her Where is the outrage?If it was a 6’ guy would he have done it? He demeaned the woman
Unless a miracle saves Tom Macarthur GOP Congressseat NJ has lost all 4 seats giving Dems every seat in Congress ( less 1?) Not 1 State office ! So why does the Official NJGOP exsist at all? Fire them all and rebuild Nothing to lose now- it’s all gone anyway
Whats happened to the Party of Tom Kean,Christie Whitman Don De Francesco &amp; Chris  Christie Did ten New Jersey State Republican Party die? Where is the obit? Oh loss of ALL 4 Congressional races is the obituary! RIP☠️
New Jersey Democrats are well financed and well organized The State Republican Party is in shambles Horrible leadership,terrible fund raisers, message failure They lost 3 of 4 Congressional seats and Senate Need new blood fir sure
GOP take away from this election cycle Can’t have 40 incumbent Republican Congressmen retire at midterms and not lose many of those seats GOP has to try to stagger retirements it lose majority
The NJ school ballot question provides open end tax on ALL NJ citizens hidden with political double speaker veil the real deal This is pork to political allies paid by YOU Its a giveaway to reward party donors not for the kidsVote NO
New Jersey Voters The ballot question is really a vote to increase your property and income tax by sly politicians who put an OPENENDED TAX LEVY in that Bill Don’t be fooled Vote No No
College Kids alert !There is NO free lunch or free college or free healthcare care You need to work and PAY YOUR OWN WAY A strong economy will get you a job to make big bucks and be Independent of Political BS and you own it forever It’s GOP for your future
Menedez BFF Melgen convicted of Medicare fraud $73 million orchestrated by Senator Bob Then shared sex with children in Domenican Republic out of US sight and a string of prostitutes Bob got visas for to come to “ work” in USYeah on their backs screwing for $
A hung jury is NOT a finding of innocence Just need 1 dissenter Sen Menedez gamed the system by his internal manipulation of justice  pro Democrat Justice Dept who failed to retry him even though they could win conviction His buddy is in jail but Bob skated
Don’t vote for Democrat Senator Bob Menedez in NJ Regardless of party , anti Trump or false fear of heathcare already a Democrat nightmare this guy is morally corrupt pedophile FBI info he with16 year old child Perverted &amp; bribes
Another SNL moron Yet no media protests Disgusting If it were a Democrat it would be blasted all over https://t.co/ZHfzDUoFae
RT @PBlabbermouth: NJ SenBob Menedez best friend Salomon Melgen was convicted of Medicare fraud and serving 17 years in jail Menedez assist…
NJ SenBob Menedez best friend Salomon Melgen was convicted of Medicare fraud and serving 17 years in jail Menedez assisted Melgen in Medicare billing , getting girls -illegals -visas . Trips to Paris and Domenican Republic to meet prostitutes Bob indicted too
RT @marcorubio: So many keep pretending inflammatory rhetoric comes only from the right. But the same journalist (not a politician a “journ…
So far Political Blabber Mouth has survived telling the truth Trump is the President and he and GOP are on the right track https://t.co/GcgZPyXAPM
Mr President they NEVER will as long as you hold office Its like DNA This is the neo5th column These people not only hate you but hate America as it is They want European Socialism and surrender as the leading world force for freedom https://t.co/nuLkziXN64
Beto is really Robert He fabricated the Latino nickname to try to fool you He is a hippie Socialist snowflake who spouts liberal doctrine when no microphones are around https://t.co/wIizqeWHPu
Yes That’s the hat with Red Star and Hammer and Sickle He also wore Karl Marx Jersey https://t.co/0hpM6vyBHZ
If you turned on CBS CNN and NBC they all bash Trump in fact one commentator actually said Trump incites more than ISIS  Outrageous The vitriolic hate seething from liberals against Trump will never subside until he is done no matter the good he does ever
These illegals were told not to come but refuse to listen so our government must take action NOW 600 a day trying to get in every day Now new caravans forming It MUST stop now by all means No invasions https://t.co/EMlLSxS9Ne
Hilly is so snarky and cool Take a walk in the woods Deep woods Get Lost https://t.co/X9mbrZ1blU
You and Megyn Kelly get into the Racial Thing We are sick of it We have enough racial tension don’t need all these morons stirring up more https://t.co/XWpQM7Thl0
Ok Jim You need to go back to the home now and take your meds you Loony Toon https://t.co/IKqj06s3Xa
Fake News is more the enemy of Trump and GOP than the people They do diservice to the nation as well https://t.co/ru0AkvRcb9
Take a bath Shave clean up https://t.co/cWwJWGL0bW
CNN,NBC,CBS and Democrat Party are radically attacking Trump in hopes to win the Midterms Blame him for everything from pipebomber to synagogue murder- inciting caravans Don't be fooled Stay GOP to rebuild America 🇺🇸
Clapper is a liar and incompetent as NSA chief He is a disgrace speaking against his country https://t.co/qA4iNXrtPt
A second caravan is being organized in Honduras The 14,000 already on the march are 80% males 18-35 Yhe idea of coming to US without application is an insult to the very  nation they seek to enter They desecrate the very idea of rule of law
The nation wants these people to leave as well Then government can reduce services https://t.co/4Cga1hZ89C
Several others including former FBI bomb specialist say that its possible the events were perpetrated by Democrat supporters to blame GOP and Trump for sending bombs to effect midterm election https://t.co/65ikZXnEbS
Congrats Bob We need you https://t.co/pMGURocxiz
Why aren't the migrants heading south to Nicuragua Its a " Socialist " nation ( lead by a  Communist dictator)
US law enforcement top priority is to find perpetrators who sent bombs thru mail It is curious that those who did it knew they would never reach their targets as packages are vetted
@WagnerAthletics @Wagner_Polo @TotalWaterpolo @CWPAWaterPolo Go Seahawks Wagner '64
RT @WagnerAthletics: No. 20 Men's Water Polo Finishes Julian Fraser Memorial With Two Wins https://t.co/tNvPbmxKas https://t.co/mYUKr7ITCC
Go Seahawks https://t.co/39sC2Ch3u9
Barry! How could you???? https://t.co/wflilxyd7c
RT @RealJack: RETWEET if you want President Trump to use the military to stop the migrant caravan if they reach our southern border.		 http…
RT @BobHugin: In 16 days, Michelle is voting for Bob Hugin for US Senate. It's not to late to join the team. Sign up to volunteer using the…
He usa moron https://t.co/30Jqx7IXS7
George Soros and Tim Styerare likely suspects https://t.co/7g3eS8QLPr
RT @TomCottonAR: I cannot believe this caravan of illegal aliens flagrantly violated Mexico’s sovereignty by crossing its southern border w…
RT @gspatton007: Pat Buchanan	Caravan is Trumps Chance to STOP	‘Third World Invasion ‘		It’s the signature issue of the president of 	contr…
Writers for the TV Show Madam Secretary ought to get at least basic facts straight Chinese Dictator Xi Jinping has consolidated power as President for Life No new one will be in  China  again until he diesThe appoint him by Communist Party  not elect
On balance the GOP offers the best hope for guiding government We saw what 8 years of Obama &amp; Company did and nearly ruined the nation Things are good and really getting great Don't mess it up
Will anyone who voted for Menedez tell thier kids ? Their priest? Thier mother? Their God You know this is a corrupt and evil soul Do you still want him to represent you? Don't be fooled again
NJ Sen Bob Menedez refused to resign after indicted and got off on hung jury technicality He cavorted with underage girls with his buddy who was jailed Took money and lived in Dominican Republic like a craven sex driven animal Boot him
US Government already banned Chinese tech firm ZTE It is revealed They and Huawei Co are complicit with their Communist Government to secretly install micro chipis in mother boards sold to US to spy on all data Ban them forever and all Chinese tech companies NOW
US and allies must Stop buying all computer and other technology from China as they install spyware Investigation proved it is an ongoing Government program to steal data and technology China is the ENEMY make no mistake
Chinese Communist Government is secretly installing tiny micro chips in motherboard sold to US companies allowing the Chinese to hack all the data -hundreds of thousands units over years -USMilitary Business Banks All compromised Investigation ongoing
Democrats still complain about FBI investigation on Kavanaugh nomination Actually Senate Judiciary had its own operatives as well as FBI checks Not one shred of corroboration toANY allegations Dems want to do away with " innocent until proven guilty " Nutz
How could Interpol name Mr Meng a handpicked Chinese Communist operative by Xi to head the police organization ? Now he resigned and is under arrest in China for bribery .
Hillary Albright and Powell did stupid cameos on Madam Secretary What's next SNL or Dancing with the Old Folks?So this is what happens to washed up leftists!
Taylor Swift is well liked and a great artist Stay out of politics Your destroying the respect of those fans who dislike the mix of celebri and left wing radicals https://t.co/qNjT6Ws12z
RT @Zigmanfreud: Hey, if by longshot anyone knows a 15 year old girl in Chevy Chase, Maryland area who wants to document themselves getting…
RT @BobHugin: We have 30 days to bring in the better bob for the job! #NJSen https://t.co/NABj2j8Yfz
Heidi Hi Heidi Ho Heidi Heitkamp has to go She's the one who voted NO Now its time for her to go
Senator Susan Collins of Maine follows in the tradition of great female stateswomen like her predecessor Rep Margaret Chase Smith a rockribbed conservative This is a role model for all of us
Paid protesters in Congressional Buildings should be required to identify themselves and be escorted to corridors away from members and also need to get protest permits Some if these paid people physically threaten to cause riots and physical harm Not legal
Courage to do so Maybe move across the aisle https://t.co/oVk6Z7dbMA
Sen Manchin decided to vote for Judge Kavanaugh Frankly he is more attuned to Republican views than Democrat and its not unlikely he may now change parties
Well he should There is no reasons not to https://t.co/uTpsBjcOeB
Just as Fascist Germany was for seen as a worldwide  threat Communist China is even a greater threat with larger armies and weapons and economic dominance looming over half the world Must stop before its too late
Communist China alone stands as the greatest threat to world peace and democracy and they vow to continue to attack on every front in every way by every means to dominate We have been and are at war with China except few know it
The Chinese see any nation that allows itself to be vinerable to Chinese aggression as fair game for not self protecting They are unashamed about exploitation by any means military and economic to overpower nations to their will and say so They are the ENEMY
The Chinese Communist Government underXi has made it clear that they will use ANY means possible to attain total world domination and over come America as dominant power within decades This is a stated goal Does that not require total resistance?
Not say he assaulted you ? Why say anything at all Who put you up to this ??? Fake story from a serial liar https://t.co/qL8ABjP92Z
RT @RedNationRising: Be strong, Ashley Kavanaugh. We all pray for you, Brett, and your beautiful daughters! https://t.co/y7CSrL1PTT
Image a 18-21 year old 35 years ago legally drinking beer Note that back then US Military posts sold beer to those in the military at that age Some States had 3.2 Beer - reduced alcohol for younger drinkers Beer was cheap vs liquor for students It was normal
Hey Chelsea or what ever your name is why not go to North Korea Cuba or Venezuela so you can be really free and we don't have to hear your BS https://t.co/F2sGxSwLOJ
Sweden has under gone horrific changes since allowing a virtual open borders policy for huge influx of aliens from Muslim Middle East .Crime has skyrocketed .PM Lofven was ousted by conservative victory in election on 9/25
It may take months or longer to work out the major issues including China's military aggression,theft of technology,election meddling, currency manipulation, gross trade imbalance But US can do fine without China trade but they can't
The Trade deal with Canada &amp; Mexico gave pause to China Trump had the others over barrel and dame with China Except Xi and his Communist regime have This "save face" mentality so don't expect immediate action
RT @realDonaldTrump: Late last night, our deadline, we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada, to be added into the deal already re…
Just as Prez Trump predicted Canada agreed to revised NAFTA trade deal even when Trump refused to meet with PM Trudeau Canada's economy is dependent on US trade and Trump knew how to play it Mexico too
Is Kamala Harris still "sleeping " etc with former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown He is @ 83 now but still can get it up he says She broke up his marriage decades ago so he would be her Sugar Daddy
Kamala Harris unemployed at age 29 jumped in bed with60 year old Wiilie Brown so she could ride him to a $92,000 a year job He then orchestrated her ride to replace Barbara Boxer as Senator but lost his marriage over it She is a sleazy grifter dimwit
This woman wants to be President of USA You saw her on TV She is a Outrageous Left Wing Extremist Only on Left Coast would such a person  get to be Senator California is a disgrace to the Union sending this ilk to DC https://t.co/eSpY1VmMqv
Obama protege Andy Kim seeks to unseat NJ Congressman Tom MacArthur who sucess in notable Kim is an altLeft Socialist Univeral Healthcare Free College Downsize Military etc Kim is dangerous
NJ State Senator Jeff Van Drew will bow to Nancy Pelosi and the uber left on every major issue He touts independence yet voted 98% of the time with NJ Dems Don't be fooled He is your worse choiceWolf in sheeps cloth Vote GOP
Trump has been immensely effective on the economy , foreign relations, trade and national security His personality is abrasive , arrogant, unconventional and he has a huge ego Look past that and he is a marvel as leader He needs Majority in both houses
Democrat contenders for Congressional seat profess independence from Nancy Pelosi&amp; Company Lying that they won't be swayed They will vote her way 99% of the time and 100% on major issues in lockstep including Impeachment
American Independent voters hold the balance of power in many contested Congressional races You are not voting for your Representative Your vote either continues prosperity with GOP or all out partisan Warfare if Nancy Pelosi as Speaker commands your Dem Rep
Little is being said about what will happen if Democrats win a majority in Congress in November Nancy Pelosi has the votes to be Speaker She will promote Impeachment of President Trump Immediately to keep that seat.Senate remains GOP fierce partisan warfare
RT @realDonaldTrump: Senator Richard Blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in Vietnam, where for 12 years he told the people of…
Sounds like a really free siprit Party Girl It struck us strange that a. 15 year old would seek out older groups to associate with https://t.co/GFpAiumt15
More than 50% of people agree that the Evidence totally favors Judge Kavanaugh Sen Collins must consider that as the ONLY test of proof not the high charged emotional atmosphere of the hearing room and 36 year old "recreated"forgotten so called recollections https://t.co/84AacWpuda
CNN laments Judge Kavanaugh's politically charged statement at confirmation ReallyThe staunch &amp;reliable left wing views ofGinsburg,Kagan&amp; Sotomayer transfer to every Judicial vote regardless of merit So let's stop the hollow bloviation about bipartisan court
Come on it's a joke Let's lighten up now They heavy lifting and glued to TV for 2 days isn't helping the economy Getvabhotdog and get back to work
Boof is the past tense of barf but only used when the eruption occurred from a beer overdose and is over 35 years ago Boff is also a past tense or a French sauce Really Learned in Ms Fords memory recollection course at ... Uh Uh I forgot!# https://t.co/SjQBHLKSAq
Feinstein can look to her staff for who leaked as she winked st them !! https://t.co/LHzjlzClPl
What other atrocities does Communist China need to commit before America starts to treat these thugs like the autocratic murderers they areWe let them in our Universities Write in newspapers all propaganda Wake up
Kieth who? https://t.co/TqZCa7XYjG
RT @BillOReilly: It was very instructive to see Christine Ford’s activist left lawyer call for no time limit on the FBI’s investigation of…
If I chose to read something a moron wrote I would seek a more accomplished one than she https://t.co/L7DdpQDPVV
What happened to Phillies? Lost 8 in a row and whimpering to end of season Sunday under500 After being near or on top for most of the season they just went out to lunch at the end Management? Players ?Whaaaaaa?????
Dems 😱
Graham is the Senator with the most integrity of all He has already established himself as a true Ststesman https://t.co/oi8AGkrM1v
It's like watching a train wreck You don't want to see it but can't turn away You see Booker obviously grandstanding Feinstein embarrassed Coons as a pompous ass Leahy bored Harris trying to sound smart Most not qualified
Brace for numerous allegations by anti Kavanaugh  crazies about some concocted sexual based scandal over the next 7 days by a cadre of Democrsts who have these lined up ready to go day after day Guarenteed!Bastards!
Kavanaugh mominationnow moves out of Senate Judiciary Committee to full Senate If there are no more dramatics Kavanaugh will be voted on in@ 10 days and likely will pass with 54 votes Bout time https://t.co/LztCCMS4lu
Sen Jeff Flake (R-Az) who is not running for reelection partially based on poor poll ranking and disagreements with Prez Trump chose to get his name in history books by confounding Judge Kavanaugh nomination
RT @TomiLahren: Senator Blumenthal, didn’t you meet your wife when she was 16 and you were 31....sounds kinda creepy to me but please by al…
RT @TrussElise: Senator Cotton BLOWS UP Phony Vietnam Hero Richard Blumenthal For Questioning Kavanaugh's Honesty https://t.co/CEiGooWk6m v…
Senator Lindsay Graham blasted Sen Durbin and Democrats Senators on Judicial Committee as the most despicable action vs Judge Kavanaugh He was SO right
Wouldn't a 15 year old girl tell one of her best-girl friends that a boy that both knew tried to rape her? To protect her friend ?To be reassured by a pier if not parents To unload concern ?Ford never told her friend?
One of the most compelling issues is that Dr Fords friend MsLeland Kisor who Ford said she was with her at the alleged party refuted the event ever took place under oath Ford said she never told her friend of the assault All 4 their say"Never Happened"
DrFord did not remember the alleged assault at all until she underwent recovered memory therapy What is THAT? She has multiple educational degrees in Phycology but can't REMEMBER?
Christine Ford agreed to do a polygraph test the day of her grandmothers funeral Pretty cold hearted !She said she fears flying but has flown many times a year all over the globe Selective fear or false.Very cool under pressure She is a Clinical Phycologist
Democrats believe the FBI is Anti Trump as with 6 or more of them fired for misconduct and outrageous bias Why trust them with a Trump nominee? But even so they ONLY do background checks on nominees not the type of investigations demanded by Dems All theater
Democrats and accusers use FBI as a Buzz Word that somehow the FBI will reach back 33-36 years ago and miraculous fine irrefutable evidence against Judge Kavaugh in criminal sex assault FBI does NOT do these local cases The state police do NOT FBI
Communist China's excuse for outrageous rouge behavior of invasion spying stealing and atrocities  " if you don't have self protection we will attack anywhere anytime for any thing we get" Quest? World domination
We don't need FBI to investigate Judge Kavanaugh They need to investigate a conspiracy by Democrats and the woman making allegations Already it is know his mother a judge evicted Fords parents from their home in a default She is a radical Liberal anti Trumper
Drunk and unsure of where when or who was there this Rameriz woman makes allegation about Judge Kavanaugh over 35 years ago Eerily similar to Ford don't you think? This SMEAR plot is really outrageous New rules are needed 10 more can allege incidents now
We were all just waiting for a 2 nd allegation against Judge Kavanaugh before the Ford hearing and here it is perfectly fit Democrats playbook to smear him with unfounded 35 year old incident never before reported Liars will now come out of the woodwork
Communist China was admitted to WTO in 2001 Since then they have virtually invaded huge number of nations seeking to weaponize trade as a means to control political operations of other nations with huge success US should pullout of WTO and have others do it
Curtail Communist China's military and economic expansion in a quest for world dominance political , economical and military as it forges forward in all fronts in militarizing S China Sea , Belt &amp; Road, and Made in China all at once We should fear not trade
The price of US-Communist China trade war? More US manufacturing and jobs at fair but higher prices ( Don't buy if you can't afford it) Stop theft of US Technology secrets by Chinese(over $1trillion stolen already) Balance a $367 billion trade imbalance.More
Not True You are an insult to the Senate and America Your partisan radicalism is disgusting Get some integrity Talk to Gorsuch and Kavanaugh they can explain it to you https://t.co/Ig9doXnTGI
RT @ChuckGrassley: Five times now we hv granted extension for Dr Ford to decide if she wants to proceed w her desire stated one wk ago that…
All these Allegations at 11 hour is clearly a devised plot by Democrats to derail the Kavanaugh nomination so let's stop making it anything else Resistance to all things Trump &amp; GOP since 2016 election is sworn Dem mantra
Ms Christine Fords lawyer wants Judge Kavanaugh to testify first That is ridiculous! So he has no chance to refute allegations she makes???Stop the madness She can testify Monday or not She doesn't make rules for US Senate hearings # Circus Time
MsFord was given the chance to tell her story either at her home, closed door in Senate or Public hearing She has no witnesses only her recollection she had was a therapist uncover as Repressed Memory years ago on an alleged incident 36 years ago Ruin a life?
This whole allegation of sexual assault 36 years ago dependent on a 15 year old who says only when a therapist uncovered repressed memory did she remember is not cedibile or logical She knew  Kavanaugh was up for 4 other judgeships over several yearsSuddenly?
Ms Ford doesn't needs anFBI investigation on a she said -he said allegation of 36 years ago without a date or time or location of the alleged event She likely was assaulted by someone not Judge Kavanaugh at age 15 She is now 41&amp; memory ???
Republicans and Independents who either don't vote or vote for any party in midterm elections other than GOP will guarantee Nancy Pelosi will be Congressional Speaker and Chuck Schumer Senate Majority Leader derailing economy and stifling job&amp; wage growth
Lay it on them Mr Secretary These Communist thugs have killed for ethnic cleansing Murdered religious people stolen military and technology rampantly in US seek world domination  are trade scammers Built a huge war machine now deploying it STOP them NOW https://t.co/8KUagjscBK
Well said https://t.co/HdOg0ZBrSr
RT @thehill: Grassley pushing forward with Kavanaugh hearing despite accuser calling for FBI to probe allegation first https://t.co/4q7akqV…
Clarence Thomas a member of SCOTUS has distinguished himself after a pretentious nomination hearing of sexual harassment Judge Kavanaugh will be seated and is destined to have an outstanding career there as well No Taint Judge Napolitano is wrong on this one https://t.co/NMVm4G2aHx
RT @PBlabbermouth: Allegations by a liberal Democrat donor against Judge Kavanaugh with out a shred of evidence or collaboration is outrage…
RT @PBlabbermouth: Can a Governmen agency or Congress step in and stop John Kerry from acting as if he is an official arm of the Democrat p…
RT @PBlabbermouth: Since when does an accuser like Ford get to demand an FBI investigation in a civilian state case in Maryland not a Feder…
RT @PBlabbermouth: Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas was found truthful when Anita Hill accused him of sexual harassment and she was NO…
RT @PBlabbermouth: How can DemocratSenator Kirsten Gillabrand  say she knows Ms Ford's allegations against Judge Kavanaugh are true She nev…
RT @PBlabbermouth: Russian Dictator Putin invaded the sovereign nation of Georgia during  Obama's presidency Obama did nothing 30% of the n…
RT @PBlabbermouth: Before any sanctions negotiations with murdering Putin he must withdrew from 2 sections of Georgia and Crimea in Ukraine…
RT @PBlabbermouth: Trump opened the door to negotiations with North Korea Slowly progress is made No other President has gotten this far So…
RT @PBlabbermouth: Forget about political psrty Andy Kim Congressional candidate is a neo Socialist and would be a puppet of Nancy Pelosi H…
RT @PBlabbermouth: Some politicians want to ban politics in schools Teaching generic political history and existence of system parties and…
BulliedReally How is that Or are YOU trying to Bully the GOPSenators to get media attention for your Presidential run FBI now Next NSA CIA Calling 12 GOP Senators Bullies is UnSenstorial and not Presidential Ford has her chance https://t.co/b4sD0l38Ap
RT @j_ooch: So anyone who supports Trump is a dreg of society. But here you are touching women making them look uncomfortable, theres more…
Some politicians want to ban politics in schools Teaching generic political history and existence of system parties and voter privileges is fine However political preferences have no place in teaching Too subjective Ban It Kids get enough elsewhere
Shin Lin magician won america's got talent and perhaps he certainly is spectacular some of the singers will go on to bigger fame Congrats MagicMan
America's GotTalent is rigged young English girl is a unique phenomenon and was a total original Not since Janis Joplin did a performer set a stage on fire really on 🔥 fire She won and will Get last laugh as the new international SuperStar Go Courtney Hadwin
RT @Education4Libs: Dianne Feinstein was able to dig up a confidential letter from a confidential source about a confidential person about…
No schism but Pope Francescomay be forced out https://t.co/IggrcrKOWs
Forget about political psrty Andy Kim Congressional candidate is a neo Socialist and would be a puppet of Nancy Pelosi He lied about his military service and was nothing more than a page in government His only credential was associated with Obamas # Phony
Trump opened the door to negotiations with North Korea Slowly progress is made No other President has gotten this far So far so good It could take years but the Korean War is still officially not over since 1953 Armistice so Kim Jung Il is slow go https://t.co/Di9058LHxF
Before any sanctions negotiations with murdering Putin he must withdrew from 2 sections of Georgia and Crimea in Ukraine Invasion is not Invitation Trump must gut the Russian economy with cheap Liquid Natural Gas &amp; Oil to Europe
Russian Dictator Putin invaded the sovereign nation of Georgia during  Obama's presidency Obama did nothing 30% of the nation was occupied by Russian military including OssetiaansAbkhaziaon the Black Sea Then he invaded Crimea in Ukraine Obama Nada
How can DemocratSenator Kirsten Gillabrand  say she knows Ms Ford's allegations against Judge Kavanaugh are true She never met or spoke to Ford Never saw the unreacted letter Gillibrand is a running for President Liar Liar Pantsuit on 🔥 fire
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas was found truthful when Anita Hill accused him of sexual harassment and she was NOT! Her allegationnwas during hearings not after like Kavanaugh vetting Hill is still not believeable
Since when does an accuser like Ford get to demand an FBI investigation in a civilian state case in Maryland not a Federal case Delay tactic Even those in Senate Judicial Commttee who want to give her a fair hearing believe she is going too far Monday is a go
Allegations by a liberal Democrat donor against Judge Kavanaugh with out a shred of evidence or collaboration is outrageous Even someone who she said and named as being there said it never happened Scam
Can a Governmen agency or Congress step in and stop John Kerry from acting as if he is an official arm of the Democrat party offering aid and comfort to the enemy Iran?
RT @Carolde: SAY WHAT ❗️❗️❗️❗️		BACKFIRE: Probe Of Manafort Leads To Possible Federal Charges For Lawyer With Ties To Obama And Clinton		⁦@…
John Kerry met several times with the highest security official in Iranian Government in an attempt to undermine President Trump's foreign policy action to force Iran to give up nuclear weapons forever and stop funding terrorism HanoiJohn now IranJohn Traitor
Just when Trump's strategy is working to collapse Iran's economy and may be lead to an overthrow of the Mullahs regime John Kerry offers them hope to undermine Trumps efforts Treasonous? Likely ! Outrageous YES!
TED Cruz is ahead and will squeak by in Texas US Senate race Orouke is uber liberal and radical hippie who wants to fool folks by cutting his hair and hiding his joints. Won't work Texans are too smart for his scam https://t.co/89JxTwR6cT
TED Cruz will win anyway https://t.co/0F0seFsnFh
Screw Wiilie Smoked too much of his own weed At 85 he is still a radical left winger They hated Trumps win https://t.co/iDfl006stF
Hurricane Florence weakened before it hit US if it came in as a category 4 it would have devastated Carolinas We just started hurricane season so prepare This will be a big year with many more big storms coming our way Don't stay evacuate Too many die
Former Sec of State under Obama John Kerry has met with high ranking Iranian officials to convince them to keep the Iran Nuke deal when Trump dumped it Undermineing foreign policy should be a crime Kerry is a grandstander Outrageous
US aid food&amp;medicine was sent to SanJuan directly after Hurricane Maria for the Mayor to effect distribution She never did and it was found months later in cargo containers full of vermin and rotting She also is under investigation
Louisiana Democrat Governor Blanco refused US Military help by GOP Prez GWBush after Hurricane Katrina as she had power to do so Only when many deaths and National security issues arose did Bush do Executive Order to go in 4,000 died Blanco lost election
During Hurricane Hugo Virgin Islsnds Gov Farrelly did not ask for US security help When some murders looting muggings ofAmerican tourists occurred and total breakdown of law a&amp; order Prez Bush sent Troops &amp; FBI though not asked
Puerto Rico , US Virgin Islands are protectorates run by their own governments not by US While all disaster preparations and Administration is done on island US sends aid as requested under their direction and coordination
Death rates in Puerto Rico and some other Caribbean islands is much higher on a regular basis than mainland US The hospitals are substandard and poorly run Thise who can afford it go to Miami for care PR has huge Doctor shortage prestorm
Figures for hurricane related deaths in Puerto Rico included nearly all reported deaths in the weeks after the storm though not directly related to the actual drowning or other causes Lack of hospital,medical aid or medicine made up vast majority of deaths
One of the worse radical Democrats Big mouth from Delaware makes moronic sounds Voters wake up This guy is not doing you any good https://t.co/bPNbAeboJf
RT @BobHugin: New Jersey's affordability crisis will only get worse as a result of the new SALT cap. We’re already 50 out 50 - dead last -…
Keep the tariffs Add more Beef up military in S China sea Lock up cyber attackers Stop thefts of US technology Protest religious persecution Stop Belt&amp; Train Stop Communist Leader Xi https://t.co/wIo6YbyecU
Diane Finestein Democrat California is all washed up invUS Senate Her stupid ploy to derail Judge Kavanaugh vote backfired She is seen as a pariah &amp; Hack by colleagues and Americans
Sen Diane Finestein's letter was not acted upon byFBI It was given toWhiteHouse where it died Finesteinwho was not endorsed by her our Democrat party for reelection was trying to gain support fromradical uber leftwing  by this outrageous actionWon't workDEDE
Sen Diane Feinstein (D-Cal) gave an anonymous written letter by an anonymous source she had since July to the FBI about Judge Brett Kavanaugh inappropriate sexual behavior incident when he was in high school hope to stall vote on his Supreme Court nomination
US Government sent aid PR Government was to distribute it Thierbfdiled system caused this In fact Puerto Rican National Rangers were hired in St Thomas USVI while half of PR had no electricity or water So blame Trump of course everyone else does https://t.co/N8Smz50HuI
Chaos is a failed economy , Skyrocket Health insurance under Obama care , creating a vacuum in Syria for ISIS to fill , giving billions in cash to Iran, no push back when Russia invaded Ukraine , restrictions choking business i.e. Obama was CHAOS to USA https://t.co/lObMYxtNSO
John Kerry went to Hanoi to meet with N Vietnamese firing that war as an anti war gesture like Hanoi Jane Now he met with Islamic Terror promoters in Iran to undermine Prez Trump who is gutting their economy Is Kerry a traitor? Logan act like Flynn?
Trump announced that severe  sanctions and legal actions vs any nation organization or individuals who meddle in US Elections But Now anti-Trumpers complain not enough and late If Trump cured cancer they would diss him
What the F....,.?????? https://t.co/xVJbLBPE5W
Hurricane Florence will devastate coastal NC&amp; SC billions in damage to high end vacation properties Fed Flood insurance only provides $500,000 max limit per building Wind insurance very expensive  will also pay But rebuilding will occur
Democrats blame Trump for horrible situation in Puerto Rico Democrats have controlled PR for over30 years Obama &amp; Clinton never helped Prior to Gov Rosello corruption was rampant and accepted He is trying to change the culture The San Juan mayor is an idiot -
PuertoRico was never prepared for Hurricane Maria The island had been bankrupt Corrupt and mismanaged for many decades Electricgrid never maintained for decades roads water supply Bruges decryptBond loans defaulted US aid had disappeared from from government
In1989 St Thomas USVirgin Islands and Charleston SCwere hit byHurricane Hugo TheV I National Guard looted, the Gov Farrellydid not respond for 2 weeks finally US Prez Bush sent USArmy the joke was " Hugo blew me Farrelly screwed me Nat Guard stole my toaster"
More biased news from NYT whose anti Trump and anti GOP is at new levels This Op-Ed is fake news https://t.co/RgFEVxBMpb
Where was this so called International Criminal Court when Assad used chemical weapons to kill his people multiply times, Russians invaded Crimea, Russia used nuclear material to poison dissenters in UK and Ukraine,Palestinians bombIsrael,China kill clergy
We Remember
Bill Clinton signed on to the International Court George W Bush rescinded it Now that Court seeks to put US Serviceman on trial for allegations in Afganistan Also charges vs Israel They State they have authority to bring charges
Voters BewareDemocrats seek to close ICE, Open southern border,reverse tax cut and add huge new taxes , reimpose new regulations that will choke business and job increases,allow Iran to get NUKES, give citizenship and the vote to illegal aliens &amp;SOCIALISM
We need voter identification because illegals are voting ,We need surveillance of potential terrorists or risk another 9/11 Every anti opinion Cantwell has is uber liberal dogma not if Judge Kavanaugh is qualified # Hack https://t.co/zNidZYnFno
RT @realDonaldTrump: “To this point, President Trump’s achievements are unprecedented.”  @LouDobbs
Approval of a Supreme is based on Judicial Qualifications not your opinion of his possible rulings that don't fit your 1 sided political beliefs You are not qualified becauof your bias https://t.co/IntW9EAoZn
RT @BobHugin: I know what it takes to create jobs because I’ve spent the last two decades doing it. I know the meaning of service from my t…
You disagree with his interpretation of the LAW on these issues You are taking a political position on judicial opinion You need to determine if he is qualified not his opinions YOU are not qualified #?Political Hack https://t.co/XLdYaGIEY5
RT @GartrellLinda: BUSTED! Kamala Harris Caught Using Taxpayer Dollars for Her Lavish Travels.	OVER $28,000 in hotels, rental cars, airline…
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Watching Pres Obama taking credit for the @realDonaldTrump economy is like a boat anchor taking credit for a boat spee…
8 years of bloviating and hot air with no worthy action is enough Go home Obama Trump has undone nearly all your mistakes  and failures https://t.co/Y0xteUHGBT
Grandstander won't stop Confirmation What is the petition going to do? Nothing Hey Harris how is your Presidential race going Not to well you putz https://t.co/Mds0mf5oHu
After a week of the most pretentious and staged rebuke of Judge Kavanaugh  Democrats are dealing with public backlash The Judge was unflappable and sincere Dems phony and mindlessly arrogant People know it
Twitter is changing words on tweets like Gina for China as the message goes out What is that????????Trump is right
Communist  Gina is attacking America on multiple fronts They are a relentless enemy Evidence is overwhelming It is like the pre war Fascist and USSR actions -a broad based domination plan slowing advancing Now It is blatant Must Stop It NOW
Communist China's leader Xi continues to have his minions hack our highest security systems by millions of hits daily Huge military build up to scare all the SChina Sea nations to submit Monoplizing key products like RareEarth We are at war Lets act like it
The Chinese Communist Espionage unit cleverly provide money to colleges to allow them to bring in a propaganda educational sector across the nation teaching anti capitalism and pro China teachings " Immersion " indeed Drown Freedom is the goal
Go on the web and research Chinese Immersion At Universities across the country if you are interested in seeing how Communist Chinese have already infiltrated our learning institutions Outrageous Outlaw them NOW !!!CIA &amp; FBI &amp; NSA are asleep
The Chinese Government provides large amounts of money to Universities that permit the Chinese or Mandarin "Immersion " Dtufies programs This is merely a brainwashing infiltration tactic by Chinese Communist Security not an educational purpose
History will judge John McCain as will a higher power still So let his family friends and others be allowed this time without interference or retribution After all he is no longer here to defend himself We all have virtues and flaws Other time will judge the greater
RT @realDonaldTrump: Report: There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents.”It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldn’t hold hear…
John Mc Cain often made light that he graduated 6 th from the bottom of his class at Annapolis racking up demerits for behavior Nw his tomb on thise hallowed grounds speaks volumes to both the man and the institutionThe least of them are giants as John proved
Sen Mc Cain chose to be interred at Annapolis Naval Academy This is a beautiful facility which is a vibrant living monument to our NAVY and Marine Corp His place will be viewed by those who carry on in his tradition Perfect John!
Hey AG Sessions HillaryClinton's illegal email was hacked by Communist China BruceOhr conspired with DOJ and Steele and wife to frame President He still is employed😩Fisa Court totally mislead Where are you on going after them?
So Mr Gosling knows what Neil Armstrong was thinking???Humans planted flag on moon Weren't those Americans humans? Why buy a ticket to the movie #Fake movie
RT @marcorubio: This is total lunacy. And a disservice at a time when our people need reminders of what we can achieve when we work togethe…
Of course it's Bill Clinton but Tweeter misspelled Wonder what Ariana Grande thinks when she sees Billy stripping her with his lecherous leering? https://t.co/U1FxNkkLg0
What kind of sweetheart deal did Obamas IRS make with tax dodger Al Sharpton ? Regular Americans would have been in fear of jail for what Al did Yet he skips around bad mouthing Trump as a vocation
RT @realDonaldTrump: Still can’t believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?
Push Poll by ABC found Trump approval slipped to36% Can that really be accurate?Also 49 % of American want impeachment Since there is no charges or evidence of wrong doing why would nearly half the US want that ?Something is fishy Economy boomingTrade dealsOK
RT @JackPosobiec: Please do not RT these Antifa mugshots to @JeffreyToobin https://t.co/IJqrJaEdTw
Waters is unworthy to hold any public office He ranting is an American embarrassment https://t.co/z82tvuc8Xk
Clifton is a serial lecher and even a known rapist Then he and Hillary stole millions as incredible grifters Lock Them Up https://t.co/ldQXLBwBNV
Why in hell would Trump say ANYTHING to Bloomberg News They hate his guts and use every means to aggressively slam him NEVER talk to these scum Donald Messed up Canada deal
If Trump paid Aretha to entertain at his venues it meant he thought she was really good and would draw big sales That indicates he RESPECTED her ability So let's not diminish her She sang before several Presidents but Trump actually paid her for her talent
Why even a accolade to Aretha Franklin by the President of the United States  at the time of her funeral that he hired and paid her for his own venues " She worked for me " as a positive comment was twisted as NO SHE PERFORMED for the people?Outrageous slam
Sorry Andy You look like a nice guy but we are not the place for Socialist Government We want ICE No 50 trillion for universal Medicare Bernie Sanders has pipe dreams U 2 https://t.co/XAenlQ7Qes
RT @PBlabbermouth: No RomanCatholic Pope has ever gotten himself into bigger problems than Francis He is a lightning rod for the sex abuse…
No RomanCatholic Pope has ever gotten himself into bigger problems than Francis He is a lightning rod for the sex abuse issue even being blamed as a conspirator to hide the truth Takes up anti US stances on domestic policies
The US is allowing Communist China to infiltrate our universities by giving huge amounts of money so they can open Chinese Emulsion Centers aka anti democracy propaganda mills as Cultural Centers Outrageous Must be stopped
US can have a huge impact on Russian economy by making deals with Europe to sell US Luquified Natural Gas way below market price and give US suppliers Tax Incentives It will shut off the Nord Pipeline expansion before it starts Congress are you listening?
Accolades for late Sen J McCain pour in Well deserved for his service and sacrifices He leaves an impressive legacy but perhaps even greater a proud family who loved him Adieu John
Looks like the caliber of candidates for Florida Senator and Governor positions favor a GOP sweep Also Senate candidate McSally in Arizona looks like a winner too Even the overall national Congressional races tipping to GOP since Mexico deal Sorry N Pelosi
Pardon Manafort His crime was to aid Trump in getting nomination of GOP thus going on to win Presidency 10 year Old tax evasion charges brought by Mueller to flip Paul Trump should pardon him Actuslly his crime would be a fine Not jail if not for Mueller
Gov Murphy (D-NJ) slashed school bond from $1 billion to $500k But he continues to fund illegal aliens legal defense Sanctuary State AlienWelfare at the expense of NJ kids &amp; schools NJ has a $4 billion debt too He is Corzine Redux !Ready to bankrupt?
Lanny Davis is a serial liar and a puppet of the Democrats He has had to retract fake stories time and again  He convinced COHEN to lie as well but now COHEN faces jail time Some lawyer Both are not noteworthy
FBI Bruce Ohr on the hot seat today He and wife Nellie of Fusion GPS conspired with Steele to riduce fake dossier along with others to frame Trump Will Ohr expose the others? Comey? Or try to weasel out?Lock Them Up!
NJ Senator Menedez( D) escaped jail but his actions accepting bribes and ineffective in doing any good for NJ should not reward him with reelection Hugin will make us proud Vote GOP
RT @JackPosobiec: Be a real shame if this picture of Mueller meeting with Viktor Yanukovych went viral https://t.co/zWEmEkpfv9
RT @FoxNews: 'Must Respect the Office': Tiger Woods Questioned on His 'Friendly Relationship' With Trump https://t.co/ZDnLKwtb87
RT @IngrahamAngle: Another embarrassing old column by @paulkrugman on what would happen if Trump axed NAFTA:  “Plants would close, jobs wou…
RT @ropeandstool: SOURCES: China Hacked Clinton’s Private Email Server https://t.co/BV2CjnO6Wc via @dailycaller
RT @mattklewis: Losing Krauthammer and McCain in one summer is more than just a metaphor for the GOP. https://t.co/8cdykYBP76
Russia was hacking into election cycles for years including 2016 Obama knew it and did nothing It is now known up to Homeland Security and FBI/CIA/NSA to stop it Also cyber attacking ongoing by China Iran No Korea So what's the big secret?
Pope Francis has to either get the church back on track or move aside He is not helping and Catholics are leaving the church is huge numbers Time for a Cardinal Conclave at Vatican No more scandals!!!!
Dumb  guy He Let underlings oust him https://t.co/HMvSAQzvOA
Trump paid respects to John McCain He is sending half the cabinet and VP and use of military guard etc Ok they disliked each other Lots of others didn't like Trump too Fine Now let him work McCain's legacy won't be bothered
Finally the economic power of the US as wielded by Trump can make a safer and saner world without firing a shot Bankrupt the bastards and gut thier economies Fear is a mighty weapon even if its just economics stupid
Trump trade and foreign policy vision is paying off big time China and Russia are in the crosshairs Iran's economy is at near collapse Turkey too Trump can triangulate and force these rouges to heel #Scared Straight
Trumps trade deal with Mexico boxes in Canadian Premier Trudeau to agree to US terms Also nearly shuts Communist China out of North America auto parts market at the same time Huge coup for the Donald
Patriot John McCain now is part of the collective memory of the titans who Americans revere as those who sought to continue the American dream and build a better world Adieu Sir John
Aggressive partisan Democrats from the Obama era run the DOJ and FBI AG Sessions take heed Clean it up or you will be looking for a job after midterms It's an outrage
So how is it Tax and campaign money misuse by Rep Duncan Hunter just lead to indictment @ 75 days before election when investigation has been going on for over a year DOJ Democrat rule
Fact is any illegal alien do not belong in US Moreover the alleged murderer of Mollie Tibbets falsified his identity It started at the border It is imperative that our borders are sealed Wall, Survielience , More Border Patrol, more ICE,
4.1 Unemployment 4 million new jobs over half million manufacturing jobs stock market(gots 401k?) up historic gains ,over 24k tax cuts ISIS obliterated,NATO got $40 billion when Trump complained Now over $100coming So what's your problem wth The Donald?
OMG A married celebrity paid off some bimbos to avoid his wife's anger and bad press Why its high crimes and misdemeanors even though consensual if true Oh how utterly Dirty Horsewhip? Scorge at the pillar ?Naw Impeach or hang https://t.co/lQ3vwPCLGQ
Lanny he did no say "Trump" you putz We all know he is trying to plea bargain and this guy would give up his mother and 1 st born to avoid jail His other crimes sucked him into the limelight How come big shit Lanny Davis couldn't get him off ?? https://t.co/lQ3vwPCLGQ
So you fed at Trumos trough for a decade using the money you made from him to finance your illicit deals Now you chose to fabricate Trump involvement to give Mueller a hook and get you off the hook COHEN you suck https://t.co/xBM9JJPVYl
RT @TRUMPMOVEMENTUS: Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance, it’s worth great prestige and big dollars, even board seats, and tha…
No Senator It confirms a Witchhunt No Russia No Collusion Its all get Trump by people like you Democrats and the Hate-Trump radicals who still seek to reverse the 2016 election i collusion withMedia Mueller and Deep State traitors https://t.co/ppkxdT1OyO
Disgusting https://t.co/FuYMkLp4hp
RT @ConservativePTZ: Meet Houdini. He attended Navy Seal S.E.R.E. Training. https://t.co/KyHrtco6ly
Brennan says he will sue to get his courtesy Security Clearance back even though not a Government employee Just goes to show in America you can sue a ham sandwich
Those who said the awful joke are horrendous Thise who laughed as as bad I f anyone had joked about Obama drowning all hell would have broke lose Alcee Hastings is a moron https://t.co/IiAD6InSJp
Communist China is not only non apologetic about the huge trade deficit and cyber espionage they act like they are entitled Trumps tariffs need to be stepped up This is war with no bullets...yet They will ALWAYS be the enemy
Communist CHINA has formed a strategic plan with nuclear arm bombers to attack the US and allies Trumps tariffs on China is slowing thier economy and may create enough hardship for them to back off military expansion
RT @realDonaldTrump: Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and…
Decades old warnings aboutAwaking the Sleeping Giant Communist China went unheeded Xi eyes world domination in his lifetime and has the plans moving rapidlyTrump must get allies to face facts and react Russia &amp; No Korea are minimal compared to this URGENT
There is clear evidence thatCommunist China is has formulated a attack plan for the US mainland and our allies Recent military buildup across the globe with acquisition of key military basis and new weapons is startling US must make a huge economic attack NOW
Democrat leadership District of Columbia DC sunk the Trump planned Veterans Parade by suggesting cost of $50 million for Security False No budget shown Also private sponsors would pick up half the tab It was POLITICS not $
US drone killed Al Queda bomb maker Ibrahim al-Asiri in Yemen He was responsible for blowing up a plane over Detroit and many others Al Queda is expanding there Somalia and SAsia US must stamp them out AGAIN now or face redux
Miss America Cara Mund has aired her complaints about the MOA Organization even while enjoying the prestigious title, perks and the MONEY $ Now she bites the hand that feeds her Oh Well she is hone by 9-9 Good riddance 😩👩👸
While US may try diplomacy with Russia Putin only reacts to overwhelming strength before seeking to negotiate Thus Trump must use every means to possible to impose the worse effects on their economy That is the ONLY way to get it done!
Al Queada has regrouped and is strong in Yemen, Somalia an South Asia US must get a coalition together to put them down Osama  Bin Ladens son leads them now We cannot allow them to grow or we will be back to the horrific DASH like era
Philadelphia eagles stunk up the whole field tonight against the New England Patriots they look like sandlot football players not NFL it's embarrassing
Omar Ameen an ISSI assassin got to US and stayed for years under lax vetting by Obama Administration Trumps travel ban would prevent this Get It ? Now Omar who murdered will Go back to Iraq and get executed
All the screaming about lifting security clearance is moronic everyone of those people who are anti-trump are out there every day in the media spewing whatever opinions they have to demean the President So how is that encroachment on free speech ?It just NOT
Brennan and every other non Government employee should have security clearance revoked  AUTOMATICALLY once out of the jobThe other 9 must have thier clearance revoked immediately Especially if they are paid TV contributions like Clappper etc attacking Prez
Aretha Franklin-passed at age 76 from pancreatic cancer She will stand as a monument in America music as a true original indeed the Queen of Soul Her faith was profuse and a guiding force Adieu
Too all followers we pledge to provide truthful commentary and opinions always We applaude free speech and freedom or religion race creed and lifestyle as long as it does not encroach on others This is Political Blabbermouth 50+ years as watchdog
The Blabber Mouth has been involved in national and state politics on virtually every inside level of functional operations and legislation in multiple capacities and commissions No spin only facts Opinions based on research not speculation
This Senator can't even get her wn party endorsement Hiw dare she question the validity of Judge Kavanaugh who open record and decisions are mostly public record Stop the partisan crap Thus guy is fantastically qualified Diane Not you however https://t.co/gD8wvi9P3R
Retire https://t.co/Qt53QVpqsz
Brennan had his security clearance revolked Now revoke It for Comey Clapper HaydenYates Rice McCabe Strzok PageOrr maybe even others who conspired to damage an elected US President for thier own greedy partisan motives They don't deserve the privilege
Every time some adversary of Trump is connected in a story with a non white FAKE News trudges out RACIST somehow in the story But his biz doesn't reflect the hearsay He is no choir boy sure Live with it Unconventional ?yepBoorish ?maybe Successful Very!
Trump gave Omarosa an huge opportunity and his friendship She was and is nobody without his connection Then she stabs in in the back Trump is a rough spoken NYC guy A NY cop would call her a MUTT She is trash Not Prez talk ?So What
Strozk was fired How about Orr and the rest of the anti-Trump FBI &amp; DOJ conspirators who are still getting taxpayer $ salary when they broke laws &amp; employment regs Outrageous Get them out NOW
RT @realDonaldTrump: Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isn’t this so-called “probe” ended immediately? Why aren’t these an…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, with…
What in hell does what ever Manafort did with whether Russians meddled in 2016 elections?Mueller is spending millions $ taxpayers on matters with no core purpose Witch Hunter Stop the madness Stoo Mueller Maybe AAG Rosenstien needs balls https://t.co/auznHfQDNx
So whatThe investigators and investigation &amp;the entire anti Trump evidence is a concocted fake collusion deal Mueller is a perpetrator He has all he needs for others involved but the core purpose was GET TRUMP Didn't work https://t.co/7RvnLtXYSQ
Peter Strzok emails to Lisa Page monos to FBI is evidence he was a subversive and was attempting to undermine a Presidential election and after trying to wreck a President Yet he was still on the job collecting salary What's with the FBI?
Why did it take FBI so long before firing Peter Strzor when they had overwhelming evidence of his wrong doing What about all the other wrongdoers also implicated and STILL collecting taxpayer funded salaries ?? Outrageous Wray need to bite  it
Sanders and Ocasio need to review Venezuelan Socialist pardim Seems the International Monetary Fund just rated their inflation at 1 million percent So a $1 bottle of water costs $10,000 Pre Socialists Chavez&amp; Maduro Venezuela was richest nation in S America
And why should anyone The world he operates in with war nukes espionage fake news Enough already Let him do the job End the Fake Witch Hunt https://t.co/4n27yxSddd
Politico has become Baloneyco with more unsubstantiated stories spewing out like a highschool rumor mill They concoct stories from some comment picked up then fabricating from whole cloth Especially anti Trump as major target Yet NEVER praise successes #FN
Politico The liberal anti Trump rumor mill constantly tries to use unvetted FAKE NEWS to belittle PresTrump as an ignorant moron bore who insults foreign leaders as usual course fumbling thru his administration Why amazingly successful with so many leaders ?
Political Blabber mouth has inside track on cutting edge political news home and abroad and analysis and projects possible outcome as well as options for direct action So far high success rate over 15 years at It
Sanctions on ErdagonTurkish Dictator to release 2Americans A pastor on false charges an a scientist He threatens to leave NATO Lira is in free fall and economy is tanking will he plays footsie with Iran&amp;Russia Bad move as their economies tankErd your a nurd
Even though U.K. Security has photo evidence Russian Government Operators poisoned Ex Russian&amp; daughter Putin refuses to acknowledge and So Trump imposed big  sanctions Putin retaliation Sell US Securities So What! Put screws to em'
Boko Haram in Africa is ISiS offshoot Nigeria,Cameroon Somalia etc being ravaged and expanding rapidly Stop it now US needs to get these Governments together and get a Central Military Control maybe by a US Private Contractor to coordinate forces regionally
Erdogan either will rush to Russians and Iranians for help or seek a better deal with Trump He is erratic Economy on brink Lira is near worthless Stock market free fall We want to keep our bases there So if Erdogan can be given big US $ $ lease maybe do deal https://t.co/mMJ1VbGyxW
RT @PhRMA: Immunotherapy from ABC kills kidney cancer while sparing the kidney itself. No invasive surgery, just results. #GoBoldly
Both Trump and Congress need a sit down with FBI Director Wray While he wants to protect his status with FBI staff he needs to know he must comply with superiors I.E. Trump &amp; Court&amp; Congress or LEAVE McCabe is a criminal Texts are Gov property &amp; the people https://t.co/QDSGHY5G2U
Taliban massive attack in Afghan capital Kabul Friday as Afghan forces were overwhelmed Only US air strikes turned the tide Over 50 Taliban killed Many wounded both sides US must rethink entire security protocols Where is the $$$ coming from?
Those who seek a European-liked Socialist system promote the progressive government knows best ideas mBelgium approved child Euthanasia (also ok in NetherlandsAdult deaths over 4000 a year A dementia woman had Family kill her although she said no Drs protest
Idiots and morons join dumbstruck Democrat and liberals calling President Trump an anti black racist No evidence just blowhards who hate him and seek socialism while Trump cut black unemployment to historic new lows and increase md wages
When US imposes sanctions on Iranian oiled planned in November it will destroy that economy completely and may topple the regime there with out firing shot in short time Then Russian influence will suffer in the entire region Trump doctrine works
Obamas Iran nuke deal was not sent to Congress for approval because both Democrats and Republican would ever have approved it Now other signatory nations are shutting down trade with Iran so as not threaten trade with US Trump has played thus just right
Trumps pull out of Obamas Iran nuke deal and sanctions he imposed is crushing the Iranian economy and causing riots in the streets and anti Ayatollah activities Next comes sanctions on oil and that will bankrupt them They launch a missile in protest
Russia is reeling from Trump imposed massive sanctions Thier economy is in deep troubleCheap US gas&amp; oil sales to EU nations can destroy it Now Putin is using military threats and ratchet up sub activity and fighter jets skirting US territory Won't work
US will not tolerate Turkey a NATO member buying missile systems from Russia when Rusdia is the threat NATO was created to contain Turks lira us failing badly They must release hostage American Pastor or face crushing consequences
Mueller investigation is nothing but dead ends as far as collusion by Trump campaign Yes Rusdia is meddling So now FBI&amp; CIA take over and stop it But Muellers spending millions and creating chaos Stop Him
NoRth Korean generals need to know we mean business They prop up Kim Add sanctions but send humanitarian medical aid Stop thier commerce with our allies but offer a trade deal Kim needs incentives and the fear of US economic strength
Trump is beginning to unload on Communist China Unfair trade Stealing our technology Espionage on a grand scale cyber attacks Huge military buildupTheir economy is vulnerable right now  Cut trade more We will either fight them now or later Do It Now
Iran is in big economic trouble Our sanctions are doing the job Now negotiate with EU nations to pull out of trade with Iran and offer incentives If We crush the Jihadist regime Now we can stop thier nuke ambitions with out firing a shot
Trump is right track with Russia China Iran&amp; No Korea Now up the ante Pile on sanctions every few weeks small ones then bigger and increase Sell oil and gas to customers of Russia and Iran Advise all we won't trade with them if they ignore our sanctions
Russia continues to ratchet up tensions They have Mer subs near our coast than in 25 years They continue cyber attacks They poisoned exspy inUK Still on Ukraine border Trump should unleash our economic weapons Sell Lil&amp; gas to EU very cheap Expand sanctions
RT @realDonaldTrump: When I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson, he was down in early voting 64 to 36. That was not good. After my spe…
RT @BillOReilly: If LeBron James wants to champion social justice as well as basketball, he should go to Chicago and help the poor people t…
Nancy Barbato Sinatra mother of Frank's children Nancy Tina &amp; late FrankJr has passed Class describes this lady who was 1 st wife 11 years She never remarried Loyal to Frank to the end Adieu Nancy
John Stormer author of None Dare Call It Treason passed He continued his alerts about Communist infiltration into American life from the Goldwater era until now Russia , China and others actions prove he was rightDemocracy is constantly under attack
That's Roy "Doc" Halladay https://t.co/8fjbmrbc0y
The late Phillies pitcher Roy Doc Halladay installed on Hall of Fame as his family recieved by fans and team mates He was the best pitcher in baseball in his era from no hitters to winning 20 games in 3 seasons And a class guy Cheers to Doc See You on the Wall
Former congressman Guy Molinari (R) of Staten Island passed at age 89 He was icon in NY politics Survived by daughter former Congresswoman Susan Molinari Adieu Guy and thanks for your patriotic service
U S Senator Diane Feinstein (D-Ca)had a Communist Chinese Spy as he personal chauffeur for 20+years as she sat on some of the most crucial security committees in US Senate Including intelligence Horrific Is She an imbecile or what?
Trumps tariffs on Communist China  are having a profound effect on that economy already Now he will step it up and crunch Xi so he stops his momentum toward world domination, his ultimate goal Trump has his number Do it Don!!!!
Russia continues to use Facebook and other media to undermine American democracy non Stop especially election influence So Trump should take our oil and gas prices down drastically to EU to crush Putins economy It's easy fit and give producers tax breaks NOW
The late Ray  Dic Halliday iconic Pitcher best noted as Phillies star if World Seris win will be honored now Recently Chase Utley and Shane Victorino retired as Phillies These guys gave us fans great excitement and satisfaction Everlasting baseball memories Thanks
Shane Victorino retired as Phillie A storied career the Flyin Hawaiian brought excitement and class and fun to the game Sportzbox sends best wishes
Kudos to USCongressman Tom MacArthur (R-3-NJ) as his bill passed and signed by Trump to extend National Flood Insurance Program Tom is at cutting edge of protecting shore businesses and property owners who need this coverage desperately Great Job!!!!
Communist China has banned Winnie The Phoo movie for some obscure reference to a Subversive Movement This is another example of a radical All controlling dictator Xi who installed  has face recognition  cameras everywhere monitoring loyalty to state Stop Him
Just who does this sanctimonious POMPOUS ASS Jim Acosta of CNN thinks he is when he attacks the current Presidential Press Secretary in a bellicose aggressive uncivil and rude manner If Fake News is under attack he bears part of responsibility
Billionaires have a place at the table by the sheer power of $ Negotiate with giants Seek middle ground Immigrants are needed for workforce but not illegals Fair trade can only be tariff free on BOTH sides No gov subsides to underprice US goids https://t.co/YvhynR350W
Tweeter just stopped a pro Trump tweet I composed from being posted Why is Tweeter is editing a normal tweet if it just happens to be in support of the actions of the President of the United States ? Not a good thing to do
Don't judge Trump by his rhetoric to allies and enemies He may be courteous and likable to our foes but his is Iron strong in seeking to diminish thier threats and acts on it.He is a showman and a shamian Unorthodox But successful That's the key
Trump has imposed the greatest sanctions on Russia and is the single biggest threat to Russian economy by promoting sales of oil and gas to the EU Russia's biggest energy client So what if he shakes Putins hand! As he slips in the shive
What a sad spectacle Former GOP Gov Christie Whitman made of her self on CNN dissing President Trump who actually was one of her supporters back in the 1990s for her to run for President Betrayal is so horrific Shame on you
Christie Todd Whitman former NJ Gov  wrote s book "Its My Party Too " No Christie It WAS your party You were a Real Republican and nearly got in the Presidential contention as a Conservative darling You betrayed itNow you areNOTHING but a footnote in history
Christie Whitman as head of EPA disagreed with President Bush and issued a REGAL Pronouncement to her subordinates as to addressing her Queen-like She was fired !! Now she goes on CNN and dissed Trump who was her late husbands golf partner What's Up?
Some of us worked &amp;supported Former NJ Gov ChristieWhitmanR as a neo Conservative that even Donald Trump had seen her as a potential President and supported it!!She was essentially fired the Bush Administration for insubordination Now backed Hillary .Mental?
Christie Whitman -You are betraying your own conviction Eisenhower Republican? indeed IKE would back Trump and never a grifter Hillary Clinton who u voted for What happen to YOUReagan axiomNever speak ill of another RepublicanTake noteChristie You disappoint!
Trump may not be liked by a lot of NATO members but they really respect him &amp;so ashamed they haven't paid equal to US and now many are paying up as the know the  security threat -mostly from Russia Now EU-US tariff situation is working out cooperation allies
Christie Todd Whitman (R-NJ-Gov)has called for President Trump (R) to step down based on her convoluted ideas that his treatment of allies and meetings Putin &amp;Kim She is wrong She is not even a RINO !She voted Hillary(D)
The deal with EU that Trump making on selling Liquified Natural Gas to Europe is immense It is the greatest fear Putin can have and can devastate the Russian economy So much for alleged Trump-Putin bromance
What's with Weekly Standard? Editor at Large William Kristol will leave for a year to live in Spain??? A Trump critic and Luke warm conservative he won't be missed Msybe Brit Hume can take his spot He is coherent and hugely intelligent
Many nations have violent gangs especially in Central America Why is it that Americans should accept immigrants who claim fear of gang violence We have it here too - So why accept asylum claims Charity begins at home No More Send them back
Why don't Democrats focus on opioid epidemic, poverty in inner cities and poor rural areas ,medical innovation against disease, jobs security,unwed single mothers issues ,poverty of the elderly No just power and trying to bring in immigrants to vote
It's no secret Democrats want as many immigrants to rush into US as potential new voters If they get control they will give them the vote Already done in San Francisco and its a mess If immigrants must go thru a process It's will stop it
Rod Rosenstein  facrs impeachment from Congress Yet he continues to refuse to release documents demanded by Congress Who does he think he is? He is a government employee and we pay him Arrogant
Trump is breaking all the rules  and changing the norm Steel plants opening NKorea tearing down Nuke plants EU making trade deals with Trump Economy booming Yet he is a lighting rod to the media no matter what good he does
US can and should stop all trade with nations that trade with Jihadist regime in Iran That will collapse the rogue regime and open the door to democratic non secular rule
Comey Clapper Brennan Hayden McCabe Rice Strock should have thier Security  Clearance revoked immediately as they viciously attack the President of the United States and seek to undermine the government
US must snap back tremendous sanctions vs the radical Jihadist Iranian regime  asap and seek to devastate the regime The people deserve better instead the regime funding terrorism all thru Mideast
The rhetoric from Iran - Russia's ally has been so outrageous against America that President Trump has responded with a cryptic response that this radical Islamic dictatorship ought to heed US should crush this regime economically
Utley retiring as well as Victorino , Werth, Rollins Big Piece and dream pitching 4 &amp; the rest Ah 2008 Phillies just a memory now But what a memory!
So Democrats feel the possible Presidential candidates Socialist Bernie Sanders &amp; Ocasio ,Joe Biden a new ? face,Pocahontas Warren , Joe Doheny who ?Eric Holder 1st AG censured by US Congress &amp; Hillary Clinton some deep bench
Trump doubling down on inviting Putin to White House just before fall elections may be ill advised Media is sure pummel Trump no matter if successful or not Why expose yourself &amp; GOP to that !!!!!!
Perhaps the National Security Director Coats needs to be kept in the loop constantly even if his style or views are different Trump must comport with the optics of government as well as operations It works better
RT @LouDobbs: #EndWitchHunt- @JudgeJeanine: 25 Russians were indicted. None were connected to @realDonaldTrump. They’ll never be extradited…
RT @ofccadjust: .@TheDemocrats @SenateDems The party of tolerance? #metoo #WalkAway #DemocratsAreDangerous	#DemocratsHateAmerica	#Democrats…
Is Trump too blunt with our allies Gee Do you tell your deadbeat friends to buck up and pay thier share ? How about you paying IRS If you fall behind penalties and interest So if NATO members signed agreements to pay and Don't and US does pay do you get angry ? https://t.co/IFp3hrkh2H
Ask Former CIA Director Brennan who voted for a Communist for President who is guilty of treason? Why its our President Trump because he dissed the intelligence organizations that tried to elect Hillary Clinton How did Brennan ever get the job??? https://t.co/pYQpeQxZGo
RT @ShmooReport: Trump Now Says He Accepts U.S. Intelligence Reports on Russian Election Meddling https://t.co/pYKdfdwEhy
Where do you think the Jihad gets its finances to fund it Oil US Government can control the price of oil Just subsidize our producers with tax breaks and incentives to make up selling way under world prices Sell oil at $20 a barrel for a year Collapse market
If Trump can go back to EU nations and gear up US ability to sell oil and gas cheaper we can control Russia China and mid-East nations We have the " unlimited " supply to do it Just need the will and guts to move boldly
So if Putin builds Nordstrom Pipeline #2 to Germany at billions of $ and Trump sells liquified natural gas to Merkel at 20% discount Putin can suck the gas pipe and be Trumped by Trump Easy to do US can give our suppliers tax breaks
Former KGB Putin understands only one thing POWER Words are useless Diplomacy is a waste of time US must sell oil and gas cheaper and flood the market Russian economy will tank in 10 months Putin will grovel to Trump Its all about $$ Nothing else matters
How do Americans trust in any government institutions IRS,FBI,CIA,NSA all biased for Democrats, Obama and Hillary and anti Republicans and any conservative groups How do we purge this culture in Deep State-DC ?Even some RINOS go along to get along
Brennan,Comey&amp; Clapper all were in Clinton's pocket well before Election Day Some non- political lineup in our intelligence agencies All in the tank for Democrats and totally biased for her and Obama against Republicans no matter who What's there Now?
Trump made a faux pas in his press conference with Putin Now we are to believe the sky is falling Ooops he walked it back Still anti-Trumpers have thier hair on fire 🔥 No matter sanctions arms to Ukraine booting Diplomats out etc
If Trump really wants to to contain Putins ambition he needs to make deals to sell EU countries oil and LNG at bargain rates and kill Russian economy Then negotiate
Trump went off the rails at Putin meeting by suggesting US Intelligence Services are wrong about Russian meddling in campaign He had no need to to Just say still investigatingBad move
Trump offers Germany cheap Liquid Natural Gas as alternative to enriching the Russian dictatorship with 2nd Northstrom Gas Pipeline One already sends Germans over 50% of  Gas Also Russia supplies Germany oil and coal US can do it cheaper and help security
There should be great alarm that Communist China controls over 90% of rare earth and seeks total control over this essential industry These compounds are used in phones cars computers medical devices China has withheld sales to drive up price and weaponizes
L
Democrats are screaming for Trump to cancel meeting with Putin Why? Trump will confront Putin and that nationz
We don't need a special prosecutor like Mueller to go after voting meddling Russians and Chinese CIA and FBI and NSA are empowered and equipped to do this Thats why they exsist
Trump will surely confront Putin about meddling with US elections Democrats trying to use thier ignorant opinions not to meet at all or not without others participating ought to resign as incompetent Trump does not suffer fools
Since the emergence of the US liquid gas industry as one of the world leaders there is a failure to create transport shipping facilities to sell it abroad especially to EU nations That's how we can cut into the 18 trillion Russia sells
The Nordstrom Pipeline from Russian gas feilds to Germany is like a chain around thier neckGerman dependence on Putin is exactly the wrong political move But that cheap gas is attractive to Merkel They will regret it
4 Presidents have complained that most NATO members don't pay thier fair share of defense It's outrageous that blame Trump for being so vocal Pay up deadbeats! US taxpayers are angry!
The nominee for Surpreme Court Kavanaugh will be voted upon and confirmed in short order All He drama and theater won't change outcome or anyone's vote later Democrats whine
Justice Brett Kavanugh will likely be confirmed along party lines along with a few Democrat Senator votes He is cementing the strong conservative view of the Court by a unbeatable margin for many decades to come
SCOTUS Nominee is Judge Kavanaugh replacing Judge Kennedy who was a " swing" vote He is a stanch Constitutionalist and distinguished jurist Looking on Mrs Scalia and Ed Meese
Why does US allow Chinese companies who are under control of the Communist Government allowed to invest and sometimes control US companies US is barred from all sole  ownership in Chinese companies
If much is said how great they are then allow US and other companies to compete in the same markets without Chinese Government restrictions protecting the monopoly Alibaba and Tencent enjoy
Much is if the financial success of the Chinese companies Alibaba and Tencent and thier $ billions Of course nothing is said about how The Communist regime restricted US companies from competing in those same markets Unleash Amazon and see what happens!
The inmates are taking over the asylum!!! Abolish ICE means letting every murderous monster poised to cross our borders to come in and take over Anyone who suggests abolishing ICE is a idiot or moron and needs to be institutionalized ASAP
Our economy is booming now and no end in sight They naysayers and Wall Street Willies are self serving morons We need to take control now and Trump knows it with trade balance FAIR Trade Its Overdue
We can bury China in  a tariff tiff or all out tariff war We need to take action while we have all the cards Chinese economy is in trouble and will sink if they can't sell thier crap in America Now is the time to tame thier ambition for WorldDomination
Communist China is finally getting push back They steal our technology They manipulated the yuan They are building up thier military getting ready to challenge us worldwide Break them economically NOW Avoid war
When former Ambassador to China Bush the elder allowed Communist China join the nations of the world as an equal they took it as our weakness and have been screwing us ever since  It's an outrage!!!!!!!
Trump is the only President to stand up to the Communist Chinese in decades Dictator Xi must be dealt with just like Trump is doing
Abolish ICE? How about all law enforcement and everyone go around with clubs and swords as in Middle Ages?
Arnold Schwarzenegger probably should keep his mouth shut as his credibility is intolerably ridiculous He should stick to his career in movies and keep out of politics or trying to suggest any sort of moral opinions
Scott Pruitt is out at EPA Not monumental Just another sideshow in DC EPA is in need of control as in the past there have been abuses
Communist China may respond to tariffs imposed by US by jacking more tariffs on our goods Okay However the incredible flood of Chinese goods into US has to be controlled when China's trade imbalance is $500 billion
What ever he was it will take a few more years and maybe more than1 Trump to unravel the damage Obama did to this nation especially our youth At least we will have a viable SCOTUS for a generation https://t.co/GaX6HnHnin
If Obama granted even 1 Iranian citizenship that is traitorist behavior It is no doubt he was feeble and weak and given billions in cash showed he was out of his depth
Outrageous Lock up these kinds of maniacs forever https://t.co/48f2OaowCk
Socialism is the Welfare State on steroids Capitalism is the backbone of not just Democracy but a truly FREE Society The American dream lives in unbridled ambition and a place to act upon it God loves those who help themselves
What's happening with Sen  John McCain ? Obviously he is not well Will he retire ? Guess he won the seat and can stay in office as long as he can
RT @IngrahamAngle: Ex-Clinton aide: 84% of Americans support turning undocumented immigrants over to authorities.  https://t.co/Vc2rhW9lCq
Americans need to understand that when nations put up huge tariffs for decades like China and others it's high time US reciprocate and force FAIR trade It will foster tariff relief with all nations Give it a chance
NY Sen Gilderbrand was so ill informed she argued Judge Gorsuch got NO Democrat votes when he got 3 She Also wants open borders NO ICE Socialist medicine Free college Gov jobs for all
Historic New Novel  Available BLOOD LINE - Online Barnes&amp; Noble- Amazon -Archway Publishing -Riveting journey from Sicily in 1860s to Mob in America in 1970s Must summer read
Communist China totally ignores US trade sanctions vs Iran snubbing President Trump as he continues to impose tariffs on the Chinese due to $500 billion trade deficit &amp; stealing US technology non- stop for decades
Meathead stay out of politics You have enough problems just being accepted as a human with a low I Q Your no match for Trump https://t.co/rgkGHUPn6N
RT @desiluci8: Harris Faulkner SHUTS DOWN 'View' host’s race-baiting grilling about FOX, elicits cheers from audience https://t.co/l7kZ0c54…
Faulkner is just one really intelligent articulate person who does not suffer fools like the morons on the View https://t.co/CDf6IzcAO1
Democrats just need to get a grip Trump will get the next Supreme Court Justice of his choice as prescribed by law just as every other President has Obama named 2 Trump could get 4 Whew!
Peter Kadzik Asst AG not even mentioned in IG Anti Trump DOJ-Russia bias case Asked to get his son job with Hilly who worked in his wife's pro HillaryClinton PR firm,got Bill to pardon Mark Rich &amp; Lois Lerner a pass Big Podesta friend Lifelong Dem
Looks like IG Horowitz report on DOJ bias vs Trump missed a big one DOJ Asst AG touted his son to John Podestà for a job at Hillary campaign He also convinced Bill to pardon Mark Rich &amp; helped Lois Kerner get a pass!Dem supporter extraordinary
Taxation is already crippling New Jersey Property and water and sewer taxes are the highest in the nation NJ Gov &amp; Dem legislature killed Homestead Rebate added &amp;raised income tax on biz&amp; individuals &amp; sales tax to spend like drunken pols Now tax rentalsNUTZ
9 No less than 6 years before prior illegal entry can apply again to get any card If crossing without a short term visitor visa 10 Wait in line behind all other legally registered No line jumpers get priority - It's a start
8 Reduction of the number allowed of card holders  based on ICE&amp; Homeland Security statistics on the numbers already here Quotas strictly enforced Any license ( auto etc) runs out when card expires Any criminal action irrevocable deportation
7 No right to citizenship jumping the line Merit only or just Renewable Temp worker status &amp; take a ALL your kids with you born prior or after border crossing No anchor babies anymore No legal rights in US courts only ICE Magistrates
5 Appear at legal hearing to determine by verifiable evidence either merit entry or right to asylum due to persecution 6 Thise who don't pass get a Pink card good for 1 work picking or growth agricultural season @ 6 months then leave for 6 months &amp; reapply
2 If green card means new beginning Orange means temporarily because crossing border was against US law 3 criminals won't register and will be deported when caught4 Apply for Blue card based on merit and truth that can be verified for temporary asylum
There are solutions to the immigration problem that make sense 1Require every illegal undocumented alien to register for a new Orange card the color meaning it will sunset at some point Failure to register Carty's immediate and unrevokeable deportation
The sentiments are correct but the messenger is not I think the president can have someone else pay – someone with such an insignificant profiles as waters and Pelosi it's a waste of his valuable time to even spend one second considering these morons https://t.co/ass3JX8LXc
Tariffs are Bargining Chips with nations that have been incredibly unfair in trade balance for decades How about as Trump says NO TARIFFS!!! But G-7 went silent on that proposal and instead bashed Trump Wake up America We need a hardline to get an fair deal
Can people even begin to akownledge the incredible issues laid at Trumps doorstep as President Trade imbalance with nearly every trade partner Communist China ravaging technology and aggression Nuclear threats via IranNoKo Immigration
The US provides 22% of NATOs budget U.K. GermanyFrance Italy Etc provide less than 2% each How fair- share is that Uncle Sam has been Daddy Warbucks for way too long No wonder when Trump rails against it he is demonized
The same conditions that Bush and Obama had at southern border with illegals and thier kids and did the same detentions or just released them into the country faced Trump He wants to stop it Is that wrong?
Trump is trying to interface with nations to defuse hostility particularly with North Korea but also Communist China while seeking economic parity He seeks talks with Russia but maintains sanctions Tough issues to manage left by his predecessors
NATO members are suppose to spend a fixed percentage on defense but have not for several years but depend on US European nations have tariff imbalances vs US products like Germany with cars G-7 same story So is Trump too critical?
The founder of "Pawn Stars"Richard Harrison aka the Old Man has passed at age 77 The show is both entertaining and informative His dry wit will be missed Adieu Old Man We enjoyed you all these years
NATO SecGeneral Stoltenberg is concerned about preserving the Alliance He best talk to the 29partners about doing thier fair share of building defenses as few have but instead relying on US to do it for them Trump said "party is over" pony up your share NOW
Most of the phony border dustup is the Democrats seizing on a campaign issue to gin up Anti-Trump bias Obama &amp; Dems could have done immigration reform when they had control What about helping poor American kids Silence
US finally pulled out of the UN Council on Human Rights Next we ought to reduce our role in the failed UN itself HQ should be moved out of US to Brussels and make the UN equal funding Get the nest of spies out of NYC where they operate in diplomatic immunity
Wise Up Congress and those who oppose "get tough" trade policy with Communist China America is China's biggest market It also is where they rob us of our technology illegally We are funding a Communist takeover of world economics Stop it now!!🇱🇷
America mourns the passing of an important advocate of the Republic Dr Charles Krauthhammer a true patriot and world renowned political analyst As important a voice as our forefathers
Charles  Krauthammer has passed at age 68 He wrote Things That Matter Well  Doctor Charles really MATTERED His like will not be seen again His incredible intellect was only as rivaled by his quick wit and personality Adieu Charles you will be sorely missed
Communist China is our sworn enemy Trump &amp; Congress must close down all cooperation with this devious regime Ci sees himself as Mao reincarnate World domination of finance and military is the goal Make no mistake
Political Blabbermouth has been identifying Communist China stealing from and infiltrating our institutions to get every possible bit of technology developed Rxposed now they are in many US universities gaining new Innovations Must be stopped now
Trump must make Mexico pay for allowing illegal aliens from Guatemala Honduras &amp; El Salvador to travel thru that nation unabated without visas knowing they are headed to US Mexican authorities are on the take from" Coyotes "
The real and compelling reason Democrats want to flood the country with as many aliens as possible is the hope they will get a majority again and give illegals and any alien the VOTE They see immigrants as a bullet proof way to win forever
ASFME,AFT,NEA spend most of the dues money on contributions to Democrats in hopes of pay-for-play raises and perks Yet the unions can't pay thier own bills or help thier members Union leaders salaries are enormous Ripoff
NJ Gov Murphy scourged Gov Christie for using Exxon fine funds to balance the budget Now he is doing exactly that Also using the Volkswagen fines too Hypocrite Liar
During NJ Gov campaign Democrat Murphy was called a Tax and spend radical liberal So? He enacts Sanctuary State,Wants to raise sales tax on everyone,raise income tax,give NJEA Union big bucks in pay -for-play deal, He a multimillionaire but takes state salary
Each illegal alien kid costs US taxpayer $34,000 a year to stay at retention centers Free food medical care, recreation facilities clothing Why its better than where they came from!!!! On the backs of US taxpayer Outrageous
Democrats and CNN,MSNBC and antiTrumpers all crying crocodile tears over the " separated immigrant children" at the borderWho brought them there? Parents looking for a free pass in MRI USA or those sent alone Send them BACK now Let them apply to come
RT @PBlabbermouth: US drone killed Taliban's leader in Pakistan Mullah Fazlullah Yet hardly any international reports on this monumental ev…
US drone killed Taliban's leader in Pakistan Mullah Fazlullah Yet hardly any international reports on this monumental event Huge blow to radical jihadist movement by American forces Recall Bin Laden lived in Pakistan for decades
IG report on found FB I leadership under Comey tried to stop Trump from winning Outrsgeous Some like Strozk are still collecting salary Director Wray needs to fired all these bastards
Congress must act to force AG office to release information as a measure to emphatically express that DOJ must comply with Congressional demands
What restraint is there on the Assitant Attorney General Rosenstien when he goes beyond his authority and threatens Congressional staff who are doing proper oversight?Is He demented believing he is above the law?
Anti-Trumpers say meeting with Kim Jong Un will just raise his profile as a world leader Okay then the alternative? Let Him develope greater nuclear weapons? Moronic blabber Trump is a doing incredible things
Jake Tapper and the rest of the uber liberal left wing lamestream Anti-Trump media keep saying ANY US President could have met with NKorean leaders but chose not to Then why didn't they ? Idiotic blabber
Looks like Trump is really into something with North Korea If he pulls off a real denuke deal it will change the entire Far East political dynamic It will give Communist China&amp; Russia reason to pause and our allies too
Communist China may be key to any deal Kim Jong Un may even consider It is clear North Korea is a puppet state that Xi controls that nations decisions
Trudeau says Canada won be pushed around by Trump Really He also said his nation made $100 billion on trade Guess who is Canada's best customer USA NAFTA needs overhaul one on one deals Mexico is also rippping us off
We will continue friendship with Canada but they have to dro dairy tariffs of 325% So the 25% steel and 10% aluminum TrumpTariff is the response US needs to negotiate FAIR trade deals one by one No more Ripoffs https://t.co/R3ZAHADUm5
Putin uses the same KG B tactics as he learned as an agent Ruthless Godless Lawless Control A dictator who revered Stalin Gut him economically Sell our natural gas &amp; oil to Europe at cutrate Arm Ukraine &amp; Georgia Stop Him in Syria No G-8
Trump hasn't reason to apologize to G-7!members for    his posture regarding trade deficits with our allies or our enemies. Traudeau Macon and Merkel whine?So what US GDP is larger than all other G-7s combined!
US must recognize our enemies and push back against them Putins Russia,Xi's China ,Meduro Venezuela , Iran , etc are regimes incompatible to American values albet human values No G-8 no quarter
Putin advocates assination of anyone with whom he disagrees even in other nations He is trying to rebuild Russian Empire He is still KGB He attacked in Syria&amp; Ukraine No G-8'Mr Prez
Why?
We can only ask why ?No matter ones politics Tony was essential Sad SadSad https://t.co/CtsHbVUyLH
Charles Krauthammer is one of the most significant American Patriots to espouse clarity about the this nation and politics here and worldwide Thank you sir Your legacy is monumental A grateful nation thanks you as well
God bless the saviors of liberty https://t.co/YFhH2BQJCJ
Lock him up https://t.co/0UqRCDE7uA
RT @realDonaldTrump: Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant, bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the many…
Bloodline-new novel Get it thru Amazon Barnes &amp; Noble or Archway - from 1860s Sicily to mean streets of New York Murder Mib Love Politics True tales will make your hair stand on end!!!
Hey Sen Joe Manchin [D-WV] you diss Hillary agree with Trump agenda and more conservative concepts Why not just drop the other foot and switch to GOP altogether ?
What's with the Philadelphia Eagles attempt to embarrass the President of the United States Respect the office even if you don't love the man Would you do it to Obama? No And he wrecked the country Play ball not politics
Foreign nations are squealing and whining about Trump Tariffs These are the same ones who want to keep short changing US on trade while spouting about what good allies they are New sheriff in town!!! No free lunch any more
Glad to see an American President that will take on the inequity of trade US has been getting bad deals because lobbyists and elected officials have been lining thier pockets at the cost of our economic security Drain Swamp https://t.co/JMm5u7LEDv
RT @charliekirk11: Keith Olbermann calls Trump a "Nazi" gets an expanded show at ESPN		Joy Anne Reid writes horribly homophobic posts for a…
The Italians have a new Populist Government They are sending illegals who are ravaging this most beautiful country out They see what the French &amp; Germans did and don't want any part of it Bravo Tip from Trump
Its sickening to see DOJ Rosenstein still on public dole He and his ilk - Comey McCabe and thier minions are the real cancer to Democracy Wipe them out and let's get our institutions back Pre-Obama - Intergrity Non Partisan and Sevices oriented
The real patriots in this country have to stand up push Muller and his Deep State cronies out of the way so Trump can go full bore on rebuilding REAL AMERICA not the failing progressive experiment Obama Schumer Bernie and Pelosi seek Back to basicsReaganesque
Trump tore up lousy Obama deals that nearly destroyed America Trump is cleaning up his shitty mess Obamacare almost done Paris one sided deal Iran Nuke debacle gone NAFTA on the ropes TPP gone New slate New player No more sidelines watchful waiting Obama crap
Oh don't believe it? Okay who has Kim Jong Un on his heels Treadeau in a hissy fit about loss of big metal sales Germany on fire about 25% steel tariffs Putin seeking a summit China being threatened by Sec Mattis and the economy on fire Not Obamas wishfulness
Has any of you political geniuses every figured out that Trump's action are predictable theater It's a variation of good cop bad cop only he is both players He begins a fire storm then is the fireman to put it out Clever and it works
Trump is imposing huge trade tariffs on Communist China and warns Xi to stop militarizing SChina Sea He needs to hit them hard economically and get allies on board to stop attempts st world domination -thier ultimate goal .Tariffs and stopping US investing
Communist China is militarizing the entire SChina Sea as it seizes the opportunity while US seeks thier cooperation with N Korean dictator KimJungUn Defense Sec GenMattis warns Xi to stop or pay the price
Trump Administration recognizes the real threat Communist China is to world peace China is using mademade islands in S China Sea as military bases and staging areas to intimidate all the nations there to cowtow to thier dominance
BLOODLINE-Don't let the kids see it The raw reality of life from feudal Sicily in 1860s to the 1970s streets of NYC mob controlled and pinnacle of power US Presidency Much true stories Murder Live Power - not for wimps
RT @realDonaldTrump: “John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this li…
RT @PBlabbermouth: BLOODLINE new epic novel of love murder political intrigue from Sicily in 1860 to the streets ofNewYork in1970s Many tru…
BLOODLINE new epic novel of love murder political intrigue from Sicily in 1860 to the streets ofNewYork in1970s Many true events &amp; real people Riveting but not for the faint of heart Amazon,Barnes&amp;Noble,Archway available
Fair weather allies UK,EU,Germany,France etc allowed Obama to lead them into a horrific nuke deal with Iran because they were greedy opportunist salivating over trade $ Now they have to chose between us and them We will win and be safer for it
The entire culture at DOJ,CIA&amp; FBI and IRS under Obama is being exposed as Democrat Partisans and lots still are Deep State is being exposed more each day Itvis shaking the foundation of the nation Need strict remedies NOW Fire the bastards quickly
Fired FBI bigwig McCabe may be facing criminal charges Fired Director Comey has been exposed as inept and corrupt Clapper and Brennan exposed as serial leakers and liars and Obama / Democrat operatives  Is Trump to. sensitive about their double dealing??
What did people think America First pledge by Trump meant as he campaigned? He is following through on what our people voted him to do We see the horrific imbalances Obama allowed and we are sick of it
If trade foreign nation partners want to do business in USA now there has to be a balanced trade Most nations have been screwing us mercilessly (like China) Now it ends If it means trade war so be it We will win in the end and be better off long term
A little pain now and a lasting benefit later is the keystone to the Trump steel and aluminum tariff US must become independent of foreign imports on this essential metals So it is with petroleum &amp; gas Bout Time
Colbert used a Catholic Confessional Booth to mock and make a joke Disgusting Is this what CBS approves
Sessions was a loyal guy who made a big mistake Give him some dignity and let him resign It's the best way out https://t.co/X4jFFErUQM
RT @the_USO: On Memorial Day, USO Bagram Air Base, Afghanistan honored fallen service members with a field of lights and a display of names…
Aren't Californians fed up with neo-socialism ? The state is bankrupt Companies flee by thousands Crime is rampant This is the legacy of Gov Moonbeam Brown and his Sanctuary State https://t.co/qlnr3OygYm
Senatorial Candidate Marsha Blackburn (R) election in Tennessee is crucial to GOP control She is an excellent choice She will be a big asset to the nation
We pay respects to those in and out of uniform who gave thier lives to preserve our freedom and indeed help to promote a free world We will never forget🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷
Liars ?they include Obama, Hillary,Pelosi,Schumer,Comey,Brennan,Clapper,Rosenstien,Mueller,Waters,CNN,MSNBC,CBS,NBC,NYTimes,WashPost - feel better now? https://t.co/mYYRXkVkKi
RT @realDonaldTrump: Fantastic to have 400,000 GREAT MEN &amp; WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country…
Obama and his minions in Deep State truly believed Hillary was a shuein Russians and others were doing this during several cycles unabated because he had no clue how to deal with it without a diplomatic blowup https://t.co/eMuOqFM7f3
Mr Woods its over! Obama is gone thank goodness The world knows much of this phony and Trump gutted his programs Focus on support of new directions and those who wish to derail it.Defense Defense Defense https://t.co/mOoJb2Emn3
Possible The question is just how far the Chinas Xi will permit his tethered puppet to go to set up a denuke frame work with absolute inspection protocols And what will the dangerous Xi want In return .China is the real threat https://t.co/5eYCSxFIVc
The only way to curtail Communist China's growing military and worldwide power is to take them on economically .Sanctions ,Trade Partner Deals , Expand Our Natural Gas&amp; Oil Export,No more Chinese -US investment Stop$600 Bil trade Deficit We are at WAR!
Democrats &amp;thier media allies care nothing about how Trump can make  a better world and more safe and prosperous nationThey are opposed to and obstructing any good advancementTrump tries even if it hurts the nation Traitorist behavior ok to their supporters
Saturday night diatribe by MSNBC anchor and a lock step line up of 5 Anti-Trumpers dissed every possible accomplishment by the President and his motives Ego to get a Nobel is motivation for denuking N Korea No FBI spy on his campaign Get Real
Clapper too https://t.co/LRDsj5kYA9
Ok But what are his chances vs McCarthy and or Scalise https://t.co/7VccI6C0dm
Trump knows how to use our economic and military power In the Far East N Korea is under Chinese pressure Mix in ZTE phones export Chinese cars import soy and pork mixed up with US ability to be key to world finance Art of Deal ? No ! Good Use of raw POWER .Trump
Communist China's Xi and Russian Dictator Putin are spinning because they don't have a place at the NKorea-US Summit Likely Ci tried to queer the  deal to meet since he wants to control the NKorean Nuke narrative Dealmaker Donald slipped by him
So is the so called North Korean Nuclear Construction Site destroyed and old Korean  War structure or one obsolete facility out of many modern ones We have no worthy intel Let's not get over our skis here Lyingand deceit is normal NOKO diplomacy
Have others forgot that Trump owned Casinos and knows how to "Play Poker"One day he cancels NKorean Summit Next day KimJong Un pushes to getSummit Give the Donald credit He is playing a player
Jim Johnson heavyweight world champion in 1908 was pardoned by President Trump (Mann Act conviction)due to help from Sylvester Stallone and Sen J McCain . Happy day for fight fans and his family
Sen Marco Rubio has the right perspective on Communist China Treat them as an viscous enemy until they stop being one They steal our technology and unfair trade Trump has a clue that they are bad actors Maybe listen to Little Marco Big Don
Let's not take our eyes off the real threat in the Far East China is moving militarily and even attacking our airplanes We need to put up tariffs,send our zNavy and shoot back when attacked
Commie China attacked. 2 US airmen with lazering thier s eyes to blind themselves down our planes War provocation
Communist China send Long range Nuclear Bombers on Woody Island in S Pacific Sea totally aggressive move to control the all the nations there Xi is a dictator and is pushing Trump around We need to send US Navy there
European nations have to suck it up and adhere to reimposed sanctions on Iran imposed by Trump They binged on profits selling to this rougue regime financing terror
@FootbaIlBibIe Hilarious
RT @FootbaIlBibIe: Just One More Kiss Dad! https://t.co/t5bnHKOP0d
Dementia? https://t.co/O6frF2Vj1Y
She milks it for what ever she can get Pardon the pun https://t.co/e8t1PeO2Kz
Debbie is just shy of a moron https://t.co/wF90TPTU6a
Schumer is an embarrassment When he opens his filthy mouth he spews venom on our flag https://t.co/KWcByrdAnk
@ThinBlueLR @rayann2320 True
RT @JenNongel: Gina Haspel confirmed as CIA director, first woman to lead agency. Awesome News!!		Cry about THAT Libs! 		https://t.co/FfA3k…
McCains earned happiness America celebrates Johns service Now lets see him become the "conciliator" https://t.co/WJDaGK1WC4
Trumps accomplishments are being compared to Reagans successes Premature surely However Trumps style is being judged not his incredible  successes  Arrogant brash and unorthodox But does that matter if we win as a nation?
Democrats are gleeful that North Koreans threatened to pull out of Summit just because it is a Trump negative The meeting is still being arranged but no matter Slam Trumps effort to denuke a rouge regime even at the cost of our own safety
Even though there is not a schred of evidence produced after a year with hundred of paid special counsel operatives investigating &amp;multi millions spent Mueller probe continues unabated Taxpayers are angry and people don't want anymore of it It's an outrage
Beyond obvious instigation by Democrats who  will never get over Trumps victory over Clinton there is systemic collusion between most media,progressives Sectors of government &amp;Trump haters to destroy a duly elected President A Constitutional crisis is brewing
Hamas and Hezbollah funded and agitated by Iran continue to attack Israel borders Legscy of Obama splashing cash to radical mullahs in Iran Now the whirlwind How many need to die? Palestinians who radicalize have no future except in the great beyond Insane
Freedom is not free Trump faces ending ISIL and Jihadists threat,Communist China's moves for world domination and enslavement A Nuclear Radical Iran NKorean Nukes, Russian threats and invasions Ilegal alien crisis Read about it or we lose
Hey snowflakes and millenniums and you seniors too We all have a stake in our politics Read Educate your self Stop wasting your lives Trump with all his warts is doing incredible things and returning America to leadership in the world Read all about it!!!
HEY Wake up out there Read the truth and studied insights you get no where else The Political Blabbermouth has over 55 years of intricate knowledge of politics both domestic and foreign And worked on hundreds of campaigns Lobbyist Advisor to many
Kim Jong Un is trying to test President Trump to see if he blinks Noko rants about joint military exercises with S Korea trying to get Trump to pospone He won't capitulate as it would show weakness just before Summit inSingapore Good Try No Go
China has been decreasing imports of important industrial products by huge amounts over last 15 years as it steals technology to get them themselves Any foreign partner is gutted then expelled Trump sees this
Trump wants Communist China to rebalance $200 billion in trade deficit as part of overhauling trade agreements About Time Xi is a protectionist and seeks to become self sufficient and kick traders out all together
Obamas horrible nuke deal with Iran was recinded by Trump This was NOT a treaty but a failed deal Obama made without Congress Now Trump will punish greedy nations who won't also impose sanctions on Iran We need to do it now
Maybe at last there will be a real accounting for the outrageous activities of Communist China and Russia and Iran No more sitting idly by while they ravage Our allies are lining up in our support swing our new backbone
This entire Mueller investigation has turned into a search for anything to desmirch Trump It is not Russian collusion or any real crime associated with  his campaign Time to shut it down
The addition of Mike Pompeo and Bolton the Trump Administration is on solid footing as the big issues like NKorea come to the forefront Great choices
Can you imagine a Harry Truman ,Dwight Eisenhower or Ronald Reagan sitting through A White House correspondents dinner like this last one? Never!Shut it down It's a national disgrace
Donald Trumps instinct about snubbing the White House correspondents dinner was spot on After this one not only will Presidents skip it many journalists will too if this is how it's degenerated
Watching Michelle Wolf at the White House correspondents dinner was like watching a train wreck in slow motion You are appalled at it but you have to see the end Then you never want to see it again Horrific
The comedian wolf use more expletive in her comedy bit at the correspondents dinner that we should be believing the F word is normal parlance in church when you have a
#TRUMP skip the White House correspondents dinner after the performance by this comedian and Wolff I think a lot of correspondence will skip the correspondents dinner next year
White House correspondents dinner had filthy mouth liberal   Comedian who actually embarrassed everybody in the room on one occasion or another with her vulgarity Total waste of time Not funny
Amazing event unfolded asPresident Moon of S Korea and N Korea Kim Jong Un shake hands at DMZ line Pompeo,Trump played thier part with Communist China's XI to catalyst this Now we wait to see what's next Prez Reagan"Trust but verify"
Into Gods place
US General Stormin Norman Schwarzkopf passed at 79 He is a true American hero and an iconic patriot He reflected the very best in our military Brilliant,Fairminded,Dedicated We celebrate his life as the great man he was Prayers to his family
Photos of Sec State Pompeo with Noko Leader Kim Jong Un Pompeo ultimately qualified and approved and sworn in .Democrats tried to rebuke him Outrageous Vicious hacks
Cosby guilty Sad day to see the unmasking of man who we liked turned out to be a monster rapist manipulater He betrayed woman and indeed America
Are you missing this?Trump threatens Commie China's Xi with tariffs and Kim Jong Unof Noko on nukes Result? Xi will negotiate tariffs and pressures his puppet Kim to end K War after 55 years and negotiate
Kanye West decided it was his patriotic duty to come out in support of President Trump That is quite something given how celebrities are primarily Trump -Haters
Pompeo is supremely qualified to be Secretary of State Democrats who vote against him should leave the Senate for betraying the country
Tax cuts ,rebuilding the military Neil Gorsuch Scotus-Mike Pompeo Sec of State Comeys lies ,Commie China tariffs Russian sanctions Noko moves Iran revamp deal Trump is on the move really fast Go man go
Perhaps the Trump haters greatest fear is his continual record of unbelievable acomplishments one after another that can't be ignored Now NKorea and maybe Iran nuke deal
Trumps State dinner for France's Macron had dignitaries including Henry Kissinger age94 former Secretary ofState and wife Nancy Amazing event
The Communist Chinese paid ad in Bloomberg magazine is noted as "Sponsor Content"? What is that a code word for fake news or just BS Why not tell the truth You spineless phonies
Check out April 23 edition of Bloomberg Magazine Communist China bought 2 pages to spew false propaganda Bloomberg should be ashamed of what they allow in their yellow rag Outrageous
First Lady Barbara Bush was laid to rest today A patriot and a person of dignity and substance -A Great America icon
The coalition strike on Assads chemical weapons capability was at best minimal &amp;weak Where is the massive destruction of their air force delivery mean Trump &amp;Co should follow up by destroying airports and planes Russia won't shoot back 5th rate power
SenRand Paul (R-Ky) rejects Mike Pompeo CIA Director for Secretary of State  Paul is an egotistical moron by this and past actions He should retire and get mental help Pompeo is incredibly qualified
NJ Gov Murphy (D)seeks to increase sales&amp; income taxes $1.6 billion and wants to grant free community college tuition Well you get what you voted for a tax &amp; spend liberal
Both party legislators in the Congress agree China's actions in stealing technology and demanding ownership of proprietary secrets of company's seeking to do business in China is intolerable
@costareports Our focus should be Turkey and the Kurds If Russia &amp; Iran control Syria we must keep our relationship with Turkey viable Formenting a truce between Kurds &amp;Turks our first priority
@DavidJollyFL @TheRichWilkins @Morning_Joe Why did Mexico allow the Honduran caravan to pass its southern border to begin with?  They don't care who travels thru their country to.  US Build the Wall
Trump is the first US President to address the illegal actions of the Communist Chinese regime in trade and theft of trade secrets and military technology that dates decades
Iconic Actor and activist Charlton Heston passed ''tis date at age 84
5 Star General Douglas McArthur passed this date in 1964 A true America hero and inspiration
Communist China and the Russian dictatorship keep terrorist promoter Iran and Syria in business and are our arch enemies We can shut them down economically and bring peace to the world
If US really wants to cripple Russia economically we could sell oil and natural gas to European allies and NATO members under Ruskie pricing It would gut Putins economy in a few months
Retired Supreme Court Justice Douglas is just plain wrong we don't need to repeal the Second Amendment we really need to manage use of and sales of guns in America not outlaw  them
Why did the $1.3 trillion Omnibus bill get to legislators just days before the vote Ramming thru such expense is an outrage to Americans Pass a bill requiring at least a 30 day period for review of major expense
RT @realDonaldTrump: As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another b…
Senator Zell Miller was a true patriot who put country first over party A Conservative Democrat spoke at GOP NationalConvention He passed at 86
Communist China built the rise of the so called "Sleeping Giant" many decades ago on preying on the American economy, theft of military and industrial technology  Trump articulated the reality and will stop it
Since the disparity in trade with China and US is well over $200 billion Trump seeks to even the playing field by imposing tariffs and lay down a marker that American won't tolerate unfair deals
Congratulations to John Bolton the new national security advisor it means Trump makes an excellent choice what a true intellectual patriot and someone who will stand up to our enemies
So Trump and Obama congratulated Putin on winning sham elections But Trump is adding sanctions vs Russia Words are words Use the Big Stick to show your real colors Hit him economically but send him roses
Putins most viable opposition candidates are not allowed to run in elections based on false charges Media is controlled The Cold War has returned
Putin made a 2 minute speech in RedSquare after winning Re election He won 77 percent of vote Widespread ballot stuffing and forced voting reported Those who fear him vote They see what he does to opposition
Trump is working on another tax cut bill
So Putin manipulated his way to another 6 years as Russian leader A Communist KGB Dictator in a sham election that either jails or murders rivals But Stalin to Kruschev and others no better
Congratulations to Sir RichardStarky who was just knighted Ringo Star came a long way
FBI Deputy Director McCabe was found guilty of lying under oath by an independent internal review and penalty is automatically firing How many others who conspired vs Trump in FBI &amp; DOJ need to be outed?
How many Cold War Russian Sleeper Cells are in America zones that lay dormant decade after decade then are triggered into action by a dictator like Putin The mass murderer who just stole elections there
This weeks TV Show Madam Secretary was the worse story line and dialogue ever Get some REAL writers back Thise that entertain
Strong Anti Russian statements are fine as well as expelling diplomat/spys But Trump can really cripple Putin by selling Liquefied Natural Gas and Oil to Europe at citrate undercutting Russia  Why Not ?
Trumph hit 2 hone runs Pompeo and Kudlow  will be great assets in repositioning Kudos to Kudlow
Trump makes an unforgivable error by the manner in which he fires those in his Administration with no dignity Give these patriots a face to face and thank them for services rendered No "junk heap " dump No More
Tillerson was then Pompeo is now Rex put a great face on new Trump Administration but is unseasoned with international intrigue N Korea Iran and China loom as major issues that Pompeo has a
RT @LauraLeeBordas: Franklin Graham: 'Trump Will Stay President Until God's Vision Is Complete' - HelloChristian https://t.co/pl2LUGyPyS
RT @RARRRRR: No!!! Get Up and Vote #KAG2020 https://t.co/irmByRHJTf
RT @Thomas1774Paine: BREAKING: Former DNI James Clapper Allegedly Leaked Classified Intel to CNN’s Jake Tapper, investigation revealed http…
Whatever happens if the meeting between Prez Trump and NKorean Kim Jung Un takes place it is a forward step in defining future US policy So everyone SHUT UP and just wait for outcome Too important to play politics with this
RT @jetrotter: 🔵 POLL:  Would You Consider Voting for a Bernie / Lizard Warren ticket  in 2020? 🤔 https://t.co/MAWuOdCXK5
US sanctions have devastated Kim Jung Uns NKorean economy Trump has also gotten allies and enemies like China to do so even reluctantly If there is a real chance to denuke N Korea its now with Trump
The only thing Putin understands is force and power There is no negotiating with his you give I take ,you lose  I Win philosophy Look at what he has done and is doing It tests US resolve to push back Give him both barrels
If US can take Russia's oil and gas customers away it will gut Putins administration and build a powerful economic hurt along with sanctions and embargo so he could not afford aggression or espionage Bankrupt the bastard now that we can
US can give producers and shippers of liquidfied natural gas enough tax incentives long term to under cut Russian supply to Europe and other clients forcing such great economic pressure on Putin to stop his aggressions and espionage
The economic weapons US has can be more lethal than the sword Putins Russia is in precarious condition US can give sufficient tax breaks to petroleum product producers and transporters so they can sell to Europe at cut rate well below Russia
Seems many folks prefer not to hear the unvarnished truth about the murderous regimes of China &amp; Russia Head in the sand syndrome Fact is they are more dangerous than ISIS or alQueada  Refusing to acknowledge them as dangerous is just plain stupid
Communist Leader of Russia former KGB Vladimir Putin was interviewed by Meghan Kelly He twisted lied and coasted thru even the most cutting questions posed by Kelly It was obvious she was way out of her leagueHe toyed with her and spun her around like a puppy
Trumps hard line in foreign policy gets grudging respect while he is disliked for not being a wimpy globalist like Obama who apologized for American strengths and  aggressive defense of Democracy Trump is setting red lines and follows thru
KimJung Un offers to meet with President Trump by May No progress in any diplomatic moves since Korean Wsr cease fire has occurred China is a likely player behind the scenes since Trump cautioned. China to get Kim to curtail nukes or he would Historic
There are many nations that have enjoyed a trade imbalance to their benefit against the US Trump won't tolerate that any longer He is going to force equality and not tolerate the status quo Bout time
Communist China's tariffs on most US goods are 10x what we charge as import tax for decades Why? We rebuilt Communist China with our dollars The want to take over the world and make Communism dominate How stupid have US policies been to finance the enemy?
The business of America is BUSINESS The tariff on steel directly effects Red China that produces 50% of the worlds steel They sell it to other nations and they sell to US Trade deficits with Communist China is over $500 billion They steal our technology too
Trump seeks equity in trade The imbalance is dramatic China steals technology and even demands that company's doing business in China expose technology secrets as requirement to do business Blackmail There are huge restrictions for imports https://t.co/BFnw4A7tQJ
It is clear that since 4 other Presidents made no headway with North Korea Trump pressure on China is forcing Kim Jung Un hand and he wants a dialogue Whether its a ploy or not its movement
RT @Thomas1774Paine: PBS to launch conservative talk show April 13 https://t.co/rpJbhulWjU
RT @Thomas1774Paine: Democrats want Biden over Clinton, Sanders, McAuliffe in 2020 https://t.co/rn3mpLGHEf
Phil Mickelson wins in Mexico at age 47 in playoff Lefty is back Hazzarh Phil!!!!
The RCPopeis infallible on matters of religious believe This Pope had better let world politics be of less in his opinions lest he alienates some people as the Church is losing ground at an alarming rate Reckless rhetoric doesn't help https://t.co/4yqyuhORIQ
RT @KurtSchlichter: We're stupid. So what's that make the people we beat? https://t.co/8PZjlb7dV2
When nations have put up tariffs for decades  against US imports why is there such upset when Trump did the turn around ? If we go to war with China where do we get steel if we don't get our steel industry back ? Canada has high tariffs on US goods Do it
When will Trump condemn Putins threats of unrestrained nukes and illustrates blowing up US targets It's outrageous and Trump should call out this KGB murderer as resurrecting Cold War Sanctions in order
A che bella https://t.co/OsaIBkFVXb
If prices go up on steel and aluminum products isn't it worth it if it diminishes the economy of Vhina whose stolen our technology and used slave labor to undercut our manufacturers America first has a cost Buck up and bare it
Russian dictator Putin touts the new nuclear weapons he had developed can hit America with impunity We must destroy their economy by unleashing US oil &amp; gas exports at bargain prices  and gut their economy See what nukes can be built with no dough!!
Since other nations have been unfair trade partners tariffs are over due even if some allies complain China and Russia are feeding at America's table for generations Chinese steel overwhelms our imports Canadian aluminum too Let's get this done
China's Communist ruling leaders will change the limit of 2 ten year term limits to allow President Xi to be Dictator for life just like the Murderous Mao Ze Dong It illustrates the regressive regime running the nation
Most nations like China &amp;Russia finance Olympic Atheletes and teams USA dies not Its all private money raised from regular citizens and companies US was 4th in medals That's just fine  ✅
Democrat Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi opined the way to stem illegals coming in from Mexico was MOW THE GRASS Oh its desert ? No grass Oh OMG🤡🙄
Watch Darkest Hour  Britians iconic Prime Minister Winston Churchill who lead his nation thru WW 2 Teach the story in schools and give the next generation a lesson in integrity and patriotism in the face of destruction
Why hasn't the democracies in this world learned enemies of freedom like China &amp; Russia seek to destroy Democracy History will repeat itself if we are not vigilant in its defense Freedom is not free We took the fight to ISIS and won Focus on enemies
Hasn't Europeans learn what murderous dictators can reign terror on their people China's Leader Xi is worse than Hitler already His reach covers half the world by using financial blackmail to get surrenders with out firing a shot
USA USA
USA Team has made America proud in OlympicGames Hey. Hey Hazzar!!!!!
Last Olympics
Lindsay Vonn failed to get to any possible medals in Olympics this year her last https://t.co/dLQzPfjisO
Amen
He was America's pastor and a world inspiration
Billy Graham an American icon Place a statue of him in the hall of patriots in Congress next to Will Rodgers
Former National Security Tsar James Clapper was overseeing all US intelligence agencies 2010-2017 Yet he had no clue about Russia involvement in meddling He was close with Obama What the hellnwere these two doing with the intel????
Vonn should stick to sports since her moronic blurbs diminish her https://t.co/BSuHi9Wt4Y
Thon at Penn State raised $10 million Congrats to the great kids and supports Beat Cancer
Why not require a doctor certification before allowing a young person (under21) to apply for a municipal gun instruction program that required to pass to get a Buyers Permit All costs borne by applicant
Great so he would be @ 77 starting his 1 st term and over 80 at the end  Sanders is 76 Ummm Maybe that job needs slightly younger person The job has huge physical pressures Trump does fine At end of last year in office Reagan first sign of Alzheimer's https://t.co/fbqZMGQdfO
There is NO excuse for the FBI failure The management at highest level is failing to create the checks and balances needed to be effective JEdgar Hoovers FBI was flawed in many ways but he saw to it Americans were protected Overhaul at top is sorely needed https://t.co/4YnuE92WQj
RT @MissileDefAdv: MDA Advances Missile-Hunting UAV Programs https://t.co/QRN6CF4ej7 https://t.co/ZSyNFck8Mu
RT @dbongino: Jan - No collusion	Feb - No collusion	Mar - No collusion	Apr - No collusion	May - No collusion	June - No collusion	Jul - No c…
FBI and DOJ must focus more on foreign enemies as much as CIA must alert them Why didnt Obama Administration go after Russia Government Nothing happens in Russia unless Putin is catalyst and director It was known What RESET ???
The oil and natural gas capability of US as #1 producer is the great weapon to force enemies to stop attacks and will convince allies to follow our lead Pull the rug out from under the Russian and Iranian economy based on oil &amp; gas Quick and visceral solution
America great economic power and rearming capacities can be the most overwhelming force to bring enemies down It is as good a weapon as the A-bomb Use it quickly and with vengeance It sends the compelling message Do it Now
US must rally our allies Make it profitable to refuse to deal with Russia We have the means to crush Putins Russia economically and then outrageous meddling in our internal affairs aka elections must result in the strongest response short of war Do it NOW !!
Putin is the mastermind behind the election meddling here and other nations It harkins back to his viscious KGB days He is a  murderous tyrant Call him what he is and no more pussy footing Cyberwar is on Sell Europe oil&amp; gas cheap Bankrupt Russia
President Trump must issue a scathing denunciation of Russian meddling in US elections and name Putin as a likely Un indicted ci conspirator in this and other meddling here and other nations Stand UpDammit! https://t.co/qt2EDYVujc
Vic Damone one of the greatest crooners passed at 96 His many hit songs and pure vocal prowess was remarkable Sinatra said he had the greatest pipes in the business Ciao Vic
Remembering President Ronald Reagan on his birthday
Moron https://t.co/0nm1cxGhjL
RT @Thomas1774Paine: BREAKING****- Obama’s Secretary of State John Kerry Approved U.S. Travel VISAs for Russian Operatives Indicted by Muel…
His twisted mind may think that or it might be true But S Korea may be in on it https://t.co/Y1ss3NDgIw
Trump thinks adding a 25 cent gas tax to fund infrastructure is solution I guess Mar-Lago is too close to Disneyland since that is a fantasy never getting thru Congress Get private business to resolve Tolls and fees are best to fund
Shepard Smith has spouted Anti Trump crap during election cycle and never stopped Why is he still on Fox News ?If so why no sanctions on him?Where are others in Fox on this calling him out?
RT @LauraLeeBordas: TIME FOR EVERYONE TO TURN OFF FOX  SHEP SMITH IS SPOUTING HIS LIBERAL ATTACKS ON TRUMP &amp; HIS SUPPORTERS AGAIN https://t…
Schools need to follow Isreali security protocol All doors locked to get in and armed security as entries Arm teachers secretly Hire Our Veterans to patrol in shifts Metal detectors and monitors at entry Reward kids who give alert hazards Be proactive
It has now become abundantly clear Democrats don't want  DACA issue resolved They cling to it as the only issue to campaign on in 2018 elections and even when Trump offered 1,2 million a path Dems say NO!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn’t…
So what if Kim Jun il sister went to Olympics She is part of a sick regime that tortures and murdersWho cares is she is charming she is an enabler of a hideous dictator . Liberals are swooning over her Morons
Why should anyone give North Korean government any kudos They caused the death of an American student,starve the folks  to build nukes, jail many and Kim killed his brother Maniacs
Obama official Presidential portrait is hideous ugly and ridiculous Good luck with that one Barry Ask for your money back Heeeeeer Hawwwww
RT @PBlabbermouth: SenSchmuer(D-NY) Minority Leader complains about Trump new infrastructure plan So where was he &amp;Democrats for 8 years wh…
SenSchmuer(D-NY) Minority Leader complains about Trump new infrastructure plan So where was he &amp;Democrats for 8 years when  they&amp; Obama never sought to fix the infrastructure
RT @FiveRights: Douglas Campbell, the FBI informant on Uranium One, testified this week that Russia sent the Clinton Foundation three milli…
How is it that those who used their government jobs to thwart the Trump candidacy then the Presidency are still on the job collecting a paycheck on taxpayers dime?No suspensions or firings even when clear evidence of conspiracy &amp;collusion,just reassignment
This ain't Communist China although liberals might be more likely to favor Communism than a free Capitalist form of government They won't stop a free society from celebrating ourbrave military https://t.co/5MvxAqNtqI
Squish! Oops https://t.co/5MvxAqNtqI
RT @Thomas1774Paine: Melania Trump Demanded Spiritual Cleansing of Obama &amp; Clinton White House, Removal of Pagan &amp; Demonic Idols https://t.…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East.
RT @PBlabbermouth: Joe Biden at 77 is making noise like he will run for President Great This buffon is the perfect face for the Democrat pa…
Joe Biden at 77 is making noise like he will run for President Great This buffon is the perfect face for the Democrat party
Any information needed can be done in writing https://t.co/UsWyQh2uFO
RT @realDonaldTrump: Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero f…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time…
Oh yeah Kimmel is such an superior intellect demeaning the office of President of the USA and insult to the nation That is really smart ?So conservatives like Reagan Kemp Buckley etc intellectually inferior to Kimmel Puleeeze! https://t.co/LsLPISh1GW
RT @PBlabbermouth: Congressman Trey Gowdy said he wasn't a very good politician Not true He is one of the smartest most competent statesman…
Congressman Trey Gowdy said he wasn't a very good politician Not true He is one of the smartest most competent statesman in America We Americans will lose a great man in Congress when he retires
St Nick Foles
Eagles 🦅 World Champs win Super Bowl Battle to the last second fantastic great game
Screw Him https://t.co/dcz4RYEHSq
Philadelphia eagles become world champion winning Super Bowl
A number of GOP Congressmen who are not seeking reelection are over 70 and just want to retire Some need to make more money A few will seek higher office Its not as some think it's a sinking ship with Trump
US Senator chuck Schumer  (D NY) says Obama should be credited with roaring economy What planet is he on Obama crippled the economy horribly Trump reversed it in 1 year! Chuck get your head out of your ass
The whole DACA deal was illegal move by Obama when he failed at immigration reform He did by executive decree which was found illegal Trump was left with the mess Dems use it to campaign They don't want it solved
Democrats see illegal aliens as their salvation for future voters to insure their control at the ballot box Dreamers can get permanent green cards and then get inline for citizenship ending 2018 Thier parents ONLY get permanent green card not citizenship ever!
RT @PBlabbermouth: Trump imposed tariffs on some Chinese imports and WTO gets worried China trade imbalance with US because they bar sales…
RT @PBlabbermouth: China allows trade to N Korea while they build nukes to hit US Trump needs to use every means possible to punish China's…
RT @PBlabbermouth: US oil &amp; gas production is the single greatest weapon we have We can bankrupt our enemies but cutting prices to their cu…
RT @PBlabbermouth: China perpetuates the Kim dynasty in NKorea to avoid a reunited Korea with a Democray at it border Without Chinese suppo…
China perpetuates the Kim dynasty in NKorea to avoid a reunited Korea with a Democray at it border Without Chinese support Kim regime crumbles Our greater enemy is China We need to bludgeon their growing economy and we can Its built on US money
US oil &amp; gas production is the single greatest weapon we have We can bankrupt our enemies but cutting prices to their customer nations in half and in a year they are on their knees LNG ships &amp; oil tankers to Europe and Asia instead of warships and saves lives and $$
China allows trade to N Korea while they build nukes to hit US Trump needs to use every means possible to punish China's duplicitous action forcefully Tariffs In all Chinese imports Tell our allies we want them to follow $is all they hear
Trump imposed tariffs on some Chinese imports and WTO gets worried China trade imbalance with US because they bar sales by YS companies and dump products on US under cost forcing UScompanies bankruptcy They steal technology &amp; patents
RT @realDonaldTrump: Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election…
RT @bgood12345: 💩Obama Admin's 1st Request 2Spy on Trump Campaign Was Rejected by FISA Court-So They Added the Fake Dossier Knowing It Was…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the…
America is poised to become the largest producer of fossil fuel energy in the world Now topping 10 million barrels of oil a day If that is coupled with export of liquified natural  gas US can so dominate all economies and bring our enemies to their knees
Schiff is already gunning for President He is a Moron and a lisr https://t.co/SzjA5afx30
Never
If the FBI and DOJ leadership have been playing politics because of partisan owes these people should be charged with obstruction and immediately suspended We are not a Banana Republic Are we to accept such outrageous behavior ?
How is it that a train filled with US Congressmen and Senators could crash unimpeded into a truck on the tracks Where for Gods sake is our security What if it was a terrorist bomb loaded truck??
Did Democrats really need to drag out a neophyte young Kennedy for response to State of Union because they have an empty bench? What leadership is there None https://t.co/ewBVyTcnE9
RT @Thomas1774Paine: Left Blasts ‘Tone Deaf,’ ‘Inexcusable’ Joe Kennedy Pick—Privileged White Man Who’s Not Progressive Enough https://t.co…
RT @SenateMajLdr: Democrats think that $1,000 doesn't "goes very far for almost anyone." Tell that to the hundreds of thousands of American…
Porn Star Stormy Daniels announced she lied about affair with Trump So where are media headlines as big as the accusations? No where!! So did media vet the story? NO ok now indict a ham sandwich !!
Those who CHOSE to continue the rejection of Trump as legitimate President still cannot accept Hillary Clinton loss Schumer Pelosi and young Kennedy all need to come to reality America is Back
Americans are Dreamers too
Congressman Joe Kennedy III a billionaire scion of the clan espoused the same old uber liberal rhetoric as Bernie Sanders Aren't we done yet with the failed ideas of the past He depicts a failed nation Why? He doesn't hold the reins of power Phony
USA
USA
Uplifting State of the Union by President of the United States Donald Trump The world sees that America is on track again to be the beacon of freedom Our Union is strong
HillaryClinton liar grifter incompetent Now add enabler Nit only did she defend Bills raping and molesting women she did it for her staff member to Corrupt to the core
@TeamPelosi Pelosi is an embarrassment to the nation Yet those morons in California keep electing her
Democrats had super majority control of Congress and Obama as Prez yet did not take on the immigration issues They use the issue as a political ploy to cast opposition party as racist Trump at least goes at it Schumer &amp; Pelosi are phonies
No immigration lottery No chain migration Regardless if relatives here or not Merit only even if wife criteria No amnesty We saw that before and failed
RT @PBlabbermouth: Trump immigration deal is terribly flawed Perhaps the kids should be give a path to citizenship but green card only unti…
Trump immigration deal is terribly flawed Perhaps the kids should be give a path to citizenship but green card only until she 21 then go through regular immigration process to become US citizens But not parents Give them perptual green card no citizenship
RT @TobieMcG: @POTUS goes to foreign countries and he is treated like a rockstar!		CEOs, businessmen, and politicians fawn over him abroad…
@Streetrodengine Looks like Steyer weaponizes his money
@PoliticalShort Why aren't they fired?
@realvicentefox Most did not hate Obama only his policies and political viewsMost  hate Trump because he won and beat Hillary when they were sure she was the winner They hate GWBush for same reasons
Collusion
Incredible
John Kerry and Robert Mueller we prep school pals How close is that
Eagles lead in 3rd quarter 31-7vs Vikings Maybe Birds &amp; Patriots in Super Bowl Ehat a contest!!!
America knows Democrats lead by SenSchumer(NY) has caused US Government Shutdown because they chose allowing illegal aliens  to stay is more important to them then paying our military no full security medicalcare for kids &amp;choosing politics over the people
NJSenator Menendez will be retried for bribery Hus co-conspirator friend was convicted of 67 counts of Medicare fraud faces long prison sentence Both cry RACISM! Really Anti -Hispanic?Thieves
Now that oil is $63 a barrel will the production cutback deal between OPEC-Russia be abandoned? They are making money but since US surpassed their production will Russian politics intervene? US sales and production skyrocket and builds our economy
Trump understands that oil production is a key element to world economy and has immense political power US now produces more oil that Saudi Arabia and Russia as price tips $63 a barrel OPEC-Russia cut back increased demand but opened US production big time
The CR proposed to fund government got the vote of a handful of conservative Democrats who chose America security over petty politics Elect Joe Machin Minority leader Get rid of S-Head Schumer
Schumer Shutdown illustrated the arrogance of this pompous ass He chose to compromise our intelligence security military preparedness and even a 6 year children's healthcare funding to political grandstanding Is that Democrat leadership?
Dementia or just a moron https://t.co/GKE29KyvK2
Cory Bookers "performance " screaming at the head of Homeland Security illustrates his inability to act like a statesman He is an embarrassment to New Jersey and the nation Hey Cory RESIGN!
Enough said
Swedens open immigration policy backfired Suddenly there are organized street gangs when they never had them Violent crime skyrocketing when it was negligible before Even an Islamic Legislator wants it shutdown
Democrats want to shut down the government and blame GOP &amp; Trump to create chaos and use DACA as the reason Fooy! Morons! Our nation cannot afford intelligence agencies being closed for 1 minute WE CANNOT have a blind spot while at WAR
Democrats will do everything possible to get illegal aliens legal and then give them the vote Do we really want our votes diluted by a few million people who jumped the citizenship system so Dems can swell their ranks?
Saints loss in last seconds unbelievable
Irans Rhouani said Yrump failed to derail Obama/Iran deal Trump wants European nations to change the deal or he will pull out
Prayers for all the families in Montecitorio California who lost lives and loved ones Heartbreaking to see our fellow Americans in that surreal horror Need early warning system Shore towns on NJ have sirens for flood warning
Talk about closing Gitmo ? Why? It is a unique military enclave in the strategic hub of theCaribbean and a base where the worse terrorists are housed No reason to close
Wait for the impending tariffs of n Mexican exports- cars produce etc That will pay for 2 Walls Also new rules for imports that unjust may compete with American manufacture because of slave labor payrates and no social safety net Its on its way https://t.co/vPCIscBXAe
After the extended meeting Prez Trump had directing the leadership of BOTH Democrat and Republican leaders of Congress what MORONS believe he is the least bit incapable of the job He took these pols to school!!!!!
Our prayers for quick recovery from impending surgery Congressman Scalise requires for gunshot injuries he suffered Gods Speed
Scalise is one of our finest Congressman Intelligent Cooperative and understands have to make the process work Paul Ryan should make him a top advisor to have GOP successful governing https://t.co/ZJhqoPJmnA
RT @JaniceTXBlessed: 🔥🔥🔥President Trump has only been in office for one year and has already solved global warming!!!!🔥🔥🔥		🚨AND, he did it…
Gaetz spotlights the incredible way the "system" in DC twists the law He deserves to be heard as he makes so much sense Refreshing for a Congressman https://t.co/LM5mCLp75J
Quite unbelievable! Dementia? https://t.co/YXWgl2376G
Steve Bannon will end up being a footnoted in history if at all! He is insignificant by his own actions So what is news worthy about him? NOTHING !NADA!
If America does not take the lead in pushing back against terrorists maniacs and tyrants  no other nation will Others will follow us as we try to seek peace for all peoples
US Naval Blockade of North Korea will get the attention of Kim Jung Un This would shut down all but landlocked commerce with Communist China which is easy to monitor Prevent materials to build ICBMs for delivery
Trump can seek a shutdown of commerce with Iran by all our allies and friends Break the back of the regime financially That will really help the protesters Its about $$$
Noko with ICBM is intolerable
China won't do what is needed to stop Kim Jung Un's development of nuclear weapons America must solve this in another way ON ITS OWN Tough Task
America leads in support of a free Iran European nations are silent afraid of losing business with the Ayatollah and his terrorist regime Duplicitiuos bastards Hey GB France Germany Italy Spain etc Where are you?
Susan Rice a serial liar and dysfunctional advisor during Obama years advised Trump not to support Iranian dissidents "Just keep quiet" instead Trump will support overthrow of that murderous regime
Trump has decided to sell arms to Ukraine ,allow our field military to fight with wide authority in the field with great success and call out the Chinese when the secretly try to supply NKorea with oil America interests first
It is refreshing to see Trump continues to consider American values as key to foreign policy instead  of the " go along to get along " of his last 4 predecessors Capping that huge change acknowledgingJerusalem capital of Isreal
Could happen
Iran could be in the throwsof an over throw
Most interesting to see and hear Reza Pahlavi son of former late Shah to comment on the massive protests across Iran Could it be he could be a possible candidate in the future They could do worse
It is fact Putin&amp;Russia had tried to meddle in US Presidential election now and earlier They failed American politics may be wild and unpredictable but our systems do work
As America rebounds economically it will greatly excellerated by low energy costs while rivals like Russia an MidEast dictatorships will struggle just to maintain thier grasp on power Long term prospects for U.S. are really excellent
As the price of oil and natural gas drops Democracies in North America and Europe ,even Communist China strengthen while those nations that depend on them are in dire financial straits long term Russia MidEast Venezuela are just feeling the crunch Worse to be
America encourages other nations particularly in Europe and Mid East to support the protest movement in Iran that rejects terrorism and financial support of Hezbollah Instead support Iranian people and provide economic relief
Trump gutted theRegulation State and took the foot off the throat of American Entrepreneurship Watch th Economic "Lion" ROAR We are back as leading the world economy Bout time
Dems delude themselves that a blip on the screen is an all out invasion of D.C. It's the economy STUPID Even minorities see positive change Jobs Money Enthusiasm Big Biz is back Thank you GOP&amp; Trump Oh -and Obama is GONE!!
Americans need to get used to winning even though they may not like the personality of the President who is leading the charge ISIS is dislodged &amp; dismembered Gorsuch is USSCJ Stock market flying high Jobs up Taxes Down Economy Up +3.5 Enemies 😱 scared So?
Judicial Watch again does the heavy lifting to inform the American people when Government seeks to keep us from learning what really happens Now we learn certified confidential info -Top Secret  exposed
GOP losses in NJ was lopsided money race Murphy had a10 to1 advantage over Guadagno who had Christies 74 % negatives around her neck Jones v Moore ? Roy came across as " Predator" Only real turnover Va to Dems but D.C. Influenced
Don't hold your breath Pocohantas is still s wackjob https://t.co/TETMt3ZdO6
Only Al had a meltdown but the millions he made with sooth his ego Phony https://t.co/Iekc8YpyjR
American Christians hearts go out to Coptic Christians as ISIL target them for senseless murder No people Not Muslim not others should be attacked because of belief in God We bleed tears for them all Pray for Peace
North Korea is testing an anthrax laced ICBM capable of reaching US China either will deal with ieratico Kim Jung Un or Trump will need to do it There is NO alternative Time is over for waiting Its NOW
Investigator Meuller is working on a Nothing Burger Manafort Flynn &amp; Co are minor actors Now the real story is Fake Dossier and tainted by massive anti-Trump bias Time to conclude and gave to Congress
In a dangerous world US is finally being lead by knowledgeable professionals who recognize the threats and know how to deal with them After 8 years of disfunction under Obama we are on track again
Putin is seeking to reinvent the old Russian Empire by military and economic intrigue Trump is a major road block This tinpot dictator may try to fool us but his actions belie his real intentions US must contain his ambitions
Chinese Leader Xi is a duplicitiuos liar and can't be trusted Never forget he IS the enemy He supports N Korea Seeks control of S China Sea by military force Steals U.S. Military &amp; Industrial secrets Unfair trader Still Communist dictatorship
Why would anyone care about what Obama thinks now His dismal Presidency was devastating to America It will take years to recover from his destruction of our nation Let him linger with the Socialist malcontents in Europe NOT HERE
If Russia was insinuating itself in U.S. Elections why didn't Obama call them out in Romney called Russia biggest  threat Then they invade Crimea&amp;Ukraine CIA? NSA? Why ?
Obama Administration was a colossal failure on everything Russia China ISIL ACA Taxation Regulation Mid-East Israel Crimea Ukraine Syria  N Korea Defense Whew! Disfunction  on  a global scale
North Korea is in for the most austere future as they pursue nuclear missile technology Is that enough to stop them? China must act to actually stall Kim Jung Un plan
No matter what the Russians and Chinese do America will prevail We are a democracy and that will overcome all other ideologies
Merry Christmas to all We continue to hope for peace on earth even in troubled times May God be with each of us
Trump providing weapons to Urkraine will mark the end of Russian aggression both there and elsewhere Now Putin is put on notice "No More  Expansion "into sovereign nations will be tolerated by U.S.
Chris Matthews who "got a chill going up my leg" when Obama spoke now mocks Republicans for expressing appreciation for Prez Trumps leadership Hey Chris you are phony and a liar JERK
Liberals &amp;!Democrats gleefully mock Republicans who lauded Prez Trumpfor his efforts to cut taxes, reversing choking regulations,and forging new world leadership They are still stuck on Hillary's loss !Morons
German Leader Merkel closed down the nuclear power plants bowing to climate change pressure Now the cost of electricity has skyrocketed and will continue to create chaos with thier economy
Hey Hanks Thank your lucky stars that Trump is our President so the economy is solid so folks can afford to pay the big bucks to go to your movies and you can enjoy those big paydays https://t.co/x0STrxqtBq
Special Investigator  Mueller has to remove people on his team that have already demonstrated gross political bias against Prez Trump So far no evidence showing "collusion " except with FBI &amp; DOJ personell
Those bad actors in the FBI who chose personal political agendas over non- partisan actions must be purged -FIRED!There is enough proof to get rid of them NOW
It is high time that US Government demands that the United Nation Center in New York be moved to another nation- Maybe to Europe Why should US taxpayers continue to fund an anti-American Organization
RT @netanyahu: Thank you President Trump and Ambassador Haley for standing up for Israel and for standing up for the truth. Ultimately the…
Tax reduction bill should be a good omen for all Americans Any time taxes are cut by Congress that is the right direction Democrats are moaning about it Too bad!
Congress passed law in 1995 moving US Embassy to Jerusalem Trump did what others were to squimish to enact the move UN hates Israel and condemns
GOP Senate must do thier job and pass tax cuts in this year 2017 If done economy will spurt over 4% generating move money being made -i.e. More Taxable Income It works
ANY tax cut is a positive move If companies get a tax cut they hire Too many people out of workforce Many on "disability" would go to jobs instead Forget reduced employment rate 15 Million not seeking work
No doubt the recent exposure of prominent politicians Hollywood celebs and business moguls has been newsworthy Why not before? Suspect media complicity as with JFK,FDR,Ike and others Thier mistresses were offlimits Why?
While sexual predators abuse women some women use thier sexuality as did Cleopatra So caution is a must when there is possibly consent at the outset then rejection Women do have great powers as well sometimes misused
Amen https://t.co/8uFDIZ4Mtl
That's about as sick as it gets These subhumans need to be erraticated https://t.co/RwBYy4iGHV
She just keeps up billable hours Phony egotistical user https://t.co/q5f4OufJYN
Franken should be expelled for numerous reasons Including his sexual deviance Stole last election Incompetent blowhard https://t.co/NWNE9vNr7p
Chargers https://t.co/sS2Ps0rTMw
Kristol and McConnell are MORONS If Moore wins and dejected by Senate the GOP Gov gets to name replacement Go ROY!!!!!! https://t.co/5BwpdSuwSm
When you leave America and see how 3rd world lives you get an abiding understanding that our country , though it has its issues , it is a wonderful place to be part of Give Thanks
Balls son was arrested
President Trump took the part of NBA basketball players in China Who committed theft by shoplifting He was successful in getting three released instead of long prison sentences including Lamar Ball don He was not grateful Moron Idiot or Fool? No air time!!
Approaching the Thanksgiving Holiday recognized as a US National Day of Thanks by President Abe Lincoln Americans celebrate God given freedoms Amen
Congressman Cornyn &amp; Senator Franken must be expelled NOW There is LEGAL proof of breeches of law They are sexual predators
Former IRS Director Lois Lerners testimony about Tea Party is property of the government Legally there is no reason to withhold it
Tax bill is a must economy is on a trajectory for 4% for year 2018 and possibly break 5% thereafter GOP US senators take notice Got to do it
North Korea was just added to the list of state sponsors of terrorism So long overdue  This is a murderous regime seeking nuclear weapons
50s singing icon and later television starDella Reese passed away today Her soulful voice was unique Adieu Miss Della A great one
Angela Merkel made a big mistake and having an open border policy without properly vetting those coming in from MiddleEast She is about done
Charles Manson dead at 83 and live the 83 years too long
Eagles lead Cowboys 7-3
No more Sexual Harassment stories
There are major news stories being bypassed to give time to the sensational salacious disgusting Sec harassment stories Enough is enough!!
Time for GOP US Senators to close ranks and get the Tax Bill American needs NOW Stop the bitterness and grandstanding vs Trump Do your job!
Sen Minority Leader Chuck Schumer(D-NY) stated Trumos Aisian trip total failure So what planet does he live on? Every leader met sucessfully
Congressman Steve Scalise is the consumate statesman and shows how the Whip can be a potent force Hence TAX Bill is moving He will emerge
Wait times of 4 hours before flights from St Thomas to US is insane Due to demand for more flights it is urgent need for recovery toget more
US military can allow more flights into Hurricane ravaged US areas like US Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico which will eccelerate recovery
There is a clammer for direct flights from Philadephia and other cities to USVirgin Islands in particular St Thomas It will aid in recovery
If the Iranians want a new deal they have to come back to the table and allow us total access to all nuke facilities not what they're doing
Trump had the guts to decertify the Iran deal has the worst deal he has ever seen and now the ball is in the court of the Congress
China &amp; Iran must be pressed to shut down ALL commerce with NKorea Choke economy until Kim is forced out Arm S Korea&amp;Japan with US weapons
US must put temporary freeze on all Iran assets here and urge EU &amp; others to do so until change in Nuke Deal Freeze banking &amp; Iran imports
US must demand change in Iran deal Stop all centrifuges Stop funding Hezbolla and Taliban &amp; Houthis Stop sending arms to terrorists
Decertification of Iran deal is 1st step in US imposing sanctions Next demand EU nations to do the same or US curtail trade with them
One of the reasons to national debt is astronomical is  because of the Fed bailing  out failed governments
Puerto Rico and others expect US taxpayer foot the bills for thier failed politicians the people continue to reelect
From the mayors to governor ofPuertoRico they never learned there is no free lunch now they're in a world of trouble of their own making
Economic programs such as elimination of Tax for manufacturers for a ten-year period boosted economy but PR politicians used it as a crutch
They constantly have their government official seekUS federal government aid to keep the financial system afloat  and expect no consequences
PuertoRico has been in financial trouble since 1980s they squander the money on programs that only seek to get politicians elected there
RT @realDonaldTrump: Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA G…
A T DiSimone PA sends best wishes to our Florida friends from temp office in Hollywood Florida
A T Di Simone  Co sends regards to all friends in VI that suffered in Irma notes to FB
Kim Jung Un is not a person who will negotiate All that is overJapan&amp;SKorea need US to supply nuclear capability withUS as partnersOnly way
China fundedNKoreas ballIstic nuclear missile program aid by Iran&amp; RussiaNow is time to stop all trade &amp;reduce diplomatic contact with them
Ugly Obese and immoral murdering thug This scum is a leader? https://t.co/iW7jFBVThU
So who cares https://t.co/wCVOMi7VEP
Next they will take a knee https://t.co/8KpzeCVSSO
Coward https://t.co/FdMFTEDVDE
She is a train wreck https://t.co/B9HJdkGlXx
You want to tax hell out of working people and squander it to those to brib for votes to the appaplectic You're a Goldman Sacks rich phony https://t.co/KUxnnq6gsg
He can win!!! https://t.co/LluaEOmwMc
What planet were the census takers on? Opposite is true by all other accounts https://t.co/GVcR2aGXUQ
So far Prez Trump has shown great ability to bring aid and resources to hurricane victims Noting his ability to do the tough job is good
Americans are doing whatAmericans do giving and caring for those in distress Money timedonations to hurricane victims help from rich to poor
Miss America Pageant has no contract for2018in Atlantic City Question will anywhere want it after the political turmoil over insults Trump
Sponsers of Miss America are pulling out after Organization showed political bias vs Prez Trump and Republicans Pagaent is deep finance dodo
Miss America Organization is coming under tremendous fire for "politicizing" the pageant with negative questions to contestants on PrezTrump
Who decided to feature Anti Trump questions in Miss America contest Huge disservice to the pageant and the young woman SHAME on them Idiots
Trump has done a great job with Hurricane Harvey and is preped for Irma Not so with Obama with Sandy or Bush with Katrina Kudos to Don
Steve Bannon may be brash but a lot of his views are supported by many Americans He was a US Naval officer and served honorably
He's all done on national stage Whydid he do it Moron https://t.co/1UuQyDAqgF
Did you see Chris Hayes of MSNBC calling Chuck Schumer an idiot to extend debt ceiling by a deal with President Trump Left eating its own
Whine Whine Whine HillaryClinton makes it a bizarre art form Everyone is responsible for her presidential  loss but herself She owns it
South Florida is businesses have been engaging insurance public adjusters for many years understanding that they do a tremendous service
A cubic foot of water weighs 1600 pounds when it is pushed by 150 mile an hour winds nothing in its path can't sustain That is Irma Horrific
Where will Irma make direct landfall No one can know The south to north wind forces will steer it as it closes in on S Florida
Radical are singing in concert Trump is CRUEL by his DACA view  Even Obama said it was temporary Resist is all critics want Congress has It
Overwhelming evidenceDACA was unconstitutional Even Obama said so prior to executive order Those effected are ok for 6 months&amp; extend2 years
Why do editors &amp;writers of Weekly Standard (SteveHayes editor&amp;FredBarnes) begin each issue with negative Trump story? How about finding good
How willJustice deal with Purgerer Comey?Lied to Congressional Hearing Its beyond contemptHe hid Hillary'sguilt &amp;smokescreened investigation
@JohnTDolan @jko417 Phony Comey serial liar exonerated guilty Hillary seeking to curry favor with "next Prez" except she lost Fired and now disgraced Purgery
Questions remain as to why Houstonians were not warned earlier about effects of Hurricane Harvey by city officials Already 38 dead more too
Communist Chinese 19th party conference in each board room with the hammer and sickle predominantThis is a repressive regime disrespects LAW
Amazing how the Texas community rushed to help those stranded by flood waters Now all America is responding It shows our meddle when needed
PrezTrump needs a unity of resolve to bring about tax reform NOWThe US economy depends on cutting taxes to 15 o/oThat will jump the economy
Sometimes the automatic voice commands don't reflect the actual words you speak and I'm sure you've had that problem as well
That is the worst disaster I want to face America with the advent of hurricane Harvey
President is showing that he is capable of handling the worst sister ever to hit the United States in modern times regardless of critics
Steve Bannon+ Sebastian Gorka were patriots They will stay loyal to principals and our Constitution  but I'm non official capacity
Trump pardoned 85 year old Arizona sheriff Arpaio charge with racial profiling The Sheriff has been in serve for 50+ years Some criticized
Prayers to those in Texas in the path of Hurricane Harvey Horrendous pics of damages
Trump was a big hit in Arizona Over 20000 cheered him His message on Afghanistan wa spot on Military will run the op not like Obama
Too much drama at the WH when a cooling is really really needed Kelly has to even the kiel for a while Root out the weasels but not too loud
Trump must tell Putin that in as an economic imperative Russia stop meddling in US elections that they cooperate in Syria or more sanctions
Steve Bannon was an "other" voice and loyal to Trump.He was blunt in his views like there is no military solution to NKorea Brutaly true
Kim will threaten again and continue building nukesNo time to restUS must act to shut him down in NKoreabefore he weaponizes a ballisticnuke
Kim Jong IL backed down from threat to send missiles to Guam Now US must step up pressure on China to depose Kim lessening chance of war
Americans need to cool their heads&amp; heels and not allow media to gin up violence and anarchy in the name of some higher ideals
Law enforcement cannot allow  protests to escalate Forces equal to the threat must be in place BEFORE violence begins Common sense prevents
Lunatics like Olbermann spew lies just  to satisfy his own ego  The lunatics are running rampent now This is senseless conflict Hey its 2017 https://t.co/6e0a9rVB2R
These are the deep state activists bent on the destruction of Trump Presidency and indeed the nation itself They care not what damage done https://t.co/df47V1oiZU
When there is senseless violence over some misguided views all who engage in itregardless of which side , is inherently wrongAll share blame
During 1700s the world had a slavery and it was historic going back @ 2000 years We live in a different social enlightenment History remains
RT @Lizdolan: Franklin Graham Criticizes Politicians For Blaming Trump For Charlottesville https://t.co/dx9mjkNFxJ via @youngcons
RT @afbranco: Vladimir Lenin - responsible for over 100 million deaths but his statue remains in Seattle https://t.co/IyWKof0lDM
Most Americans of all political views condemn The racists who provoked violence in Charlotsville  including conservatives &amp; Trump Media lies
There must be national outrage at CommunistCastro ordering the deafening of American diplomats in HavanaClose down our missionNOW Stop trade
Islamic radicals going into Venezuela as well as Russians and communist Cubans seeking to take control Our Monroe doctrine won't allow it
Finally a outrageous Obama wrong is rightedCuban Communist Dictatorship jails &amp; kills dissidentsWhy reward themChoke the regime to collapse https://t.co/p45UOmsJqx
Red China has made it clear that if US makes a preemptive strike on NKorea they will support Kim Jong Un China is the ENEMY &amp; US must see it
Communist China supports its surrogate state N Korea and WANTS thier nuclear program to succeed and keeps funding their efforts thru Banks
Communist Maduro forms a dictatorship in Venezuela Shut down all oil imports and trade &amp; get allies to do it too Strangle thier economy
Communist Cuban leader Castro up to his old tricks using undetectable high pitch audio to deafen US diplomats in Havana Embassy CLOSE IT NOW
Cuban Communist Government covert action to deafen our 2 diplomats in Havana should cause  Trump to close the US Embassy and pull all out
China's President Xi continues to support NKoreas Leader Kim Jung IL fearing a unified Korea But will he wait to see if war breaks out?
Kim Jung IL will find that Prez Trump makes no idle threats If any missiles are launched near Guam expect a ferocious response
Bank of China still cooperating  with NKorea here in US Why not shut it down now??? All commerce with NKorea must be shut down immediately
More missile shield systems going to SKorea 4THADD units Now get Isreali Iron Dome there and Japan too Then break diplomatically with China
TAAD missile shield should be supplied toJapan and other friendly nations in Asia to protect against NKorea missilesChina will feel pressure
All nations that seek world peace should break relations with China &amp; all others who trade and supply NKorea as end move to stop nuclear war
US must get our allies &amp;those who fear nuclear war in Asia to cooperate in a complete embargo ofChina until they force regime change in NOKO
NKorea has gone beyond any expectations They must somehow be stopped Kim JungIL must be removed US must force a complete embargo on China
RecentMonmouth University poll hasDem Murphy 53 to 26 over Lt Gov Kim Guadagno Lack luster management by Kim's team bode doom&amp; gloom #Change
Eliminate Congressional carve out for health insurance They are well paid now they need to pony up for failing to repeal Obamacare NOW https://t.co/a66cNctmKK
US must force a complete trade embargo on NKorea and Venezuela Rouge nations exsist on thier use of ill gotten riches stolen from citizens
Putting a big hurt on Chinese trade only way to get Xi to act on N Korea &amp; back off on actions in SChina Sea  &amp;with Russia Act NOW not later
China and Russia engaged in joint military practice is not a good omen for USA Now impose ominous sanctions on both &amp; gut thier economies
Putins arrogance after Crimea&amp; hacking US elections is outrageous To teach a lesson US should punish Russias economy Stop allies trade
Now that Putin expelled 775 US delegates Trump should do the same Also make deals in Europe to sell liquid natural gas to Russian clients
Gen Kelly seems like a great choice for COS He is no nonsense marine and will run a tight operation Could be a key to a more stable WH
COS Preibus got the job in WH due to his political chops He could not get Healthcare Skinny Bill thru US Senate so he had to go
Trump learned a better lesson when he insultedJohnMcCain back in the campaign now he feels the effects of a frivolous action totally wrong
What a low note McCain likely to leave Senate soon due to his health condition He betrays GOP and prolongs end of failing Obamacare Why????
GOP supporters across the nation are outraged that McCain Collins &amp;Murkowski betrayed party on repeal vote They will be primaries &amp;despised
Perhaps Sen McCain harbors some deep seated resentment of Trump winningPresidency when he did notNow he hurts GOPwith no vote killing repeal
Sen John McCain does niether the GOP or his legacy any good by being1of 3 republicans to oppose repeal of Obamacare It was a stunning rebuke
McCain is NOT Johnny Boy He is a courageous American hero If truth be told he would have been a great president He deserves our respect https://t.co/gQIFCduce7
Media salivates over the controversy each week Trump White House  continues to create. How about trying to keep this crap out of sight
LBJ called staffers into the bathroom as he took a dump to talk business &amp; swam naked in front Co-ed staffers No apologies
Joe Biden " Big F..king deal Barack" Obama swears regularly LBJ cursed as regular conversations So don't get too bent up over  Scaramucci
How about you remember that you used the GOP to gain power Who are you to backstab the Prez If you have a beef visit WH in closed doors https://t.co/1S2qCkNp4s
@Scaramucci @GartrellLinda @realDonaldTrump Trump had better rein in Scaramuccia before he blows up the entire Trump Administration Those who campaigned are owed respect not insults
@Scaramucci @GartrellLinda @realDonaldTrump Be an adult Take your issues behind closed doorsSTOP airingGOP dirty WH laundry in media This is the US Presidency not some banana republic
As controversial as our legislative Gov is it is democratic process and when it works correctly the people win Best way on this planet
Democracy is not easy attractive or prettyBattles in USSenate&amp;Congress overObamacare replacement between Dems&amp;GOP &amp; internal too It is GOOD
Any Health Bill repealing in part Obamacare will be the long-awaited action to get rid of it US Senate must pass this bill in some form NOW
Charges vs Debbie Schultzs IT staffer are $5 million to him&amp; Family Loan from a Congressional LoanAssc on rentalWiring $300 k before fleeing
Congresswoman Debbie Schultz(D-Fla)could be impeached for her role in bank frauds of her IT staffer who tried to flee but was arrested
Scandal involvingDebbie Wasserman Schultz and her IT staffer arrested for bank fraud including improper Gov loan on a rental he did not own
USCoast GuardCape May assisted in medical rescue in 2 daysThey protect our shores aid boaters&amp;do dozens of tasksCongLoBiondo got more funds
Transgender people require many thousands dollars in medical care and a lot of hosptal&amp; recovery time each year Big cost in meds life long
Just how many transgender possible in military @6600 So how is US less safe if none can serve The basis for ban is the many thousands $ cost
Debbie Wassermann Schultz was in bed with swindler Iman Ivan her Government Paid IT TECH $4 million pocketed he tried to escape to Pakistan
New sanctions  vsIran Russia&amp; NKorea is overdue Trump must signoff on itHard clear action vs our enemies set the tone for the rest of term
Senator McCain showed his meddle flying back to Wash DC to vote on healthcare process after brain surgery  He is  America hero
SenatorsCollins &amp;Murkowski basically are for Obamacare to remain since they voted against giving Senate a chance to get new healthcare Dumb
Trump is breaking the heart of his supporters by dissingAGSessions Work it out in private Jeff is a really capable guy Conserves are with AG
Trump's tweeting and public attacks on Sessions can backfire against him Loyal supporters are really turned off about this REALLY! Backstab
Jeff Sessions popularity is much higher than Trump He has a superb record as a great Senator and GOP stalwart Trump should layoff him Danger
Debbie Wassermann Schultz under suspicion as the Awan IT Group head arrested trying to sneak out of DC on overseas flight Deb is shaking
STOP DAMMIT !!!Prez Trump     Stop attacking AG Sessions Loyalists are shocked by classless behavior You are shooting your own foot.
Double Deal is more like it Dems pushed out once reality sank in from insanity of 8 Obama years GOP can repair awful policies now https://t.co/ZcuMsY3JGy
Some of Trump financial supporters are appalled at his unwarranted attacks publicly vs AGSessons  He can't afford to lose anyone Not classy
Barbara Sinatra passes away at age 90 Her 20 +year marriage with Frank was a good one She was classy lady and beautiful Adieu Mrs S
Sen Hellers&amp;Rand vote against the procedural vote Both of them don't really belong to the Republican Party  They are so self centered Morons
PrezTrump is losing good will with supporters by belittling AGJeffSessions who was 1st&amp; loyal guy His attacks lack class Did It with Comey2
The ferry MV Twin Cspes cost @ half billion$ Now Delaware River Bay Authority will sink it as a reef instead of selling it ??Insane waste
The simple arrogance of  Rand Paul really is beyond the pale He acts if he is the only person in the United States Senate  disregards party
Charles Krauthammer suggested Rand Paul and Susan Collins vote on the healthcare issue as proxy for Senator John McCain as he would've voted
Outrageous that leaks as to AG Sessions coming &amp; going from inside government This is destroying confidences in intelligence This must stop
Scaramuccia new communications director and SarahHuckabee press secretary  Good move Spicer was too sour&amp; dower Lighten up Media is constant
The crew of USS GR Ford brought the aircraft carrier to life Very moving ceremony  The world sees USA as pride in our Navy and our resolve
USSGeraldRFord is commissioned in USNavy as a symbol  of strength &amp; deterrent to war It is both a war ship&amp; peace shipGod Bless her&amp; hercree
USSGeraldR Ford commissioned today as the largest war ship aircraft carrier in the world It is magnificent Americans swell with pride USNavy
Trump may be frustrated but needs to keep cool Leave AG Sessions alone He is a loyal supporter Calm the Twitter on all matters Russian
Wrong move to stop supplying arms toSyrian resistance If this is some kind of deal with Russia it stinks as we see no prid quo proReverse it
Trumps frustration withRussia Issue while Maybe contrived remainsDamn It Deal with it until its overStop tweeting about itFocus on big items
Totally unfair for Trump to criticize mAGSessions He was 1st USSenator to back him&amp; campaigned tirelesslyRussian issues were no fault of his
Arizona Senator John McCain diagnosed with brain cancer McCain is a true American hero who's captivity during Vietnam war was incredible
GOPSenate LeaderMcConnell must show he can get 50 votes on crucial issues or step aside and have someone else try Americans voted for change
Democrats are notorious for registering inelligable people including illegal aliens to vote Lax vetting is epidemic in inner cities
No doubtthere are hundreds of thousands of illegalsthat have been registered to vote Who objects to requiringvoter  identification withphoto
Maureen &amp; Micheal Reagan actually children of the Jane Wyman-Reagan marriage  Ron&amp;Pat were Nancys kids The 1st two were very close to Dad
Ron&amp;Pat Reagan emerged as liberal apologists They betray Prez Reagans glorious legacy as one of USA greatest Prez They should keep out of it
PattyReagan ought to stick to a life of political obscurity since she has no clueabout howgovernment works or who is doing good workClueless
2 of PrezReagans kids Micheal &amp; late daughterMaureen true patriots Yet the 2 younger kids chose irratic lifestyles GuessNo one controls kids
Patty Reagans recent rant about GOP Prez Trump made no sense Prez Reagans edict Don't speak ill of fellow Republicans She is wacky as is Ron
Trump Admin lauches Made In America program Inspiring Americans to support home made products Its no just patriot It helps all of us
When will our schools and colleges teach the real truth about the failures of Socialism vsCapitaliism We build the worlds best economy on it
All the socialist dribble need only to look at the living conditions in Venezuela or Cuba or China Leveling economy means all are poor
Bernie Sanders wants tuition free but there is no way to pay for that Healthcare for all? Impossible Breakup big banks ? Notlegally possible
Young people must really research what socialism is all about before they declared themselves in support Government ownership of the economy
Reason thatTrump's foreign-policy is seen as extremely successful is that it is based on substance not like the partisan blather ofDemocrats
Passage of newHealthcare Act =newTax reform is tax reduction which is key to jump start economic boom &amp;15 o/o tax =GOP victory in 2018 DO IT
PrezTrump&amp; Melania were a big hit in France Also in Poland  and MidEast More&amp; more His foreign policy regains stature for USA as worldwide
The whole DonJr fiasco smells of a KGB type op This Russian lawyer is a slimy character directed by Kremlin https://t.co/xma75UDclq
Unfortunately Don Jr did not use surrogates to vet the Russian lawyers claim and the journalist too Neophyte mistake in Prez politics https://t.co/r3zglZazpn
RT @billoreilly: Trump, Jr. smart to release emails. Tabloid guy set him up w Russian lawyer who promised Hillary dirt. She didn't deliver.…
RT @greta: do you know that @realDonaldTrump sent him $25k when he got out to help him get started in life? He sent me the check to forward…
RT @peaceandjoy101: Clinton Campaign 'Killed' Bloomberg Story Linking Bill's $500k Moscow Speech to Russia-Friendly Stance https://t.co/f0g…
RT @GartrellLinda: Why Did Loretta Lynch Grant Don Jr's Russian Lawyer A Special Visa To Enter USA?	Another piece of the set-up puzzle	http…
RT @AMike4761: BREAKING : Loretta Lynch Helped Russian Lawyer Who Met with Don Jr. Enter the U.S. – TruthFeed https://t.co/4YAY4YRogH
Media is having Russia - mania pounching on any story mentioning Trump &amp; Russia even when false or of no consequence Can't get over Dem loss
Sen KAINE(D-Va) charged DonTrump Jr with TREASON Outrageous KAINE Hillary's VP choice is a fool&amp; political hack He was a terrible candidate
@GartrellLinda Outrageous that Obama is trying to meddle in G20 event as a civilian without authority It is a petty political stunt to undermine US policy
CommunistChina Iran &amp; Russia prop upCommunist NKoreaCut diplomatic relations and stop all trade Impose sanctions on others too Then its fine
The latestICBM test by NKorea is intolerableUS must send out an edit:No nation that trades withNKorea is allowed trade withUS Cut relations
Seems our nation is always facing new challenges &amp; problems but we get thru Now we gave a multiple set of issues Tough ones Again we rise
America's Birthday is celebrated We are still at war with radical Islam worldwide We have serious issues wit N Korea China Iran Russia
There is no dealing with NKorea Now they have ICBM US must use all means necessary to change the Kim Jung Un regime immediately China or not
US can get a coalition of Asian &amp; Europian allies to threaten China with severe economic sanctions if they don't force NKorea to stop nukes
China is in a precarious financial period over leveraged in internal debtThey depend on US &amp; allies trade This weakness can force US demands
CommunistChina can be leveraged into forcing NKorea to stop its NuclearMissileProgram by USslowly tightening trade restrictions choking them
Fearful of economic free fall similar to Asian financial meltdown in 1997  Chinese money has been pouring into US &amp; other foreign nations
CommunistParty leadership in China has caused an immense debt problem based on loans on falsified financial growthThe economy is sinking now
Rumblings in world financial sectors rumorChina's government has falsly proped up itsGDP Failing comanpanies getGov loans Collapse imminent
If illegal aliens who broke the law by coming to US breaks the law a 2nd time  regardless of the crime they need to be deported
Dems protect felons &amp;support Dem Mayors choice of Sanctuary  Cities Hope is aliens will eventually get the vote &amp; so will their families
Now that Kate's Law passed Congress as did ban on SanctuaryCities the Senate needs rules change to ratify too Nuclear Ops as Dems will not
Trump supporters are being give most difficult job of defending him when he tweets radical notions Please STOP the radical angry stuff
Trump has to get others to attack his attackers &amp;stand back at timesNot always When it is urgent to blast fine but not morons likeMika&amp;Joe
Trump has used twitter mostly with great success But there may be a more Presidential way to respond to folks like  Scarborough &amp;Mika
Regular Republicans are really angry that after 6 years the GOPSenate did not have a Healthcare Bill already vetted and agreed in principal
GOP Senators have to show they can govern  Healthcare is the litmus Test Fail it and squander your majority GET your DAMN ACT together NOW
Sen Rand Paul was rejected as Prez candidate He is a radical libertarian whose weird ideas is fueled by his grasp of spotlight but wacky
If Republicans do not repealObamacare they will be the minority party in2018 Voters want repeal regardless of misinformation It isMANDATORY
Providing people taxpayer money with out work for able body humans is abhorent Government is not the catalyst for human progress Ambition is
Universal BASIC Income is a way where people will become mindless dronesWe need to teachAMBITION and self reliance Human dignity must be key
21 million may not get health insurance because they either aren't forced to as inObamacare or don't want to spend$ or its no longer free
The Congressional budget office CBO is at best horribly unreliable in scoring costs is figures Over 5 million young won't buy health cover
Some politicians want Americans to believe thousands will die if new Healthcare bill passes Ignorant fear mongering suggest you are a fool
Senate should pass AHCA bill then pass new corrective legislative to satisfy those GOP disgruntle Senators concern
Obamacare gave @10million people free or greatly subsidized medical paid by others in the system It collapsed as insurers can't make profit
RealfactEither governmentHealthcare is a move to give millions free insurance paid by taxpayers or a system that users pay for it themselves
Facts are that Russia China and other nations have been serendipitously attempting to meddle in US elections for decades https://t.co/HOJ3jVLFWB
GOP NJ Gov wants to use surplus $300 mil of Horizon Blue X to fight opiate abuse but Dem majority said NO GovContender Murphy agrees Why?
Instead of Government Healthcare let Private Insurers do it with Government oversight and regs with tax incentives Just kill Obamacare
Before Obamacare there were some issues with healthcare insurance but not the catastrophic mess government made of it Blame Obama&amp; Dems
If those5 Senators opposingAHCA think they can do better get your big boy pants on and work to make the damn thing acceptable # No Whining
ThoseGOPSenators publicly grandstanding about opposition to NewHealthcare bill are disloyal sotsWhy not just go to leaders to voice concerns
Scott Pelly is a symptom of the lamestream medias twisted bias vs GOP&amp; conservative views They see the world in their narrow failed concepts
CBS News reporter Scott Pelley said that the gunshot attack on Republicans is self-inflicted This moron was fired from nite news anchor spot
Bern is the face if the DemocratParty choosing a Socialist agenda forUS Only misguided youth &amp; hangerson buy his twisted logic Not here Bern https://t.co/5Pfy25f3BI
No one listens to you https://t.co/GqctHaSy0m
What if a major car company built a real retro car styled for current market like a Caddilac Eldorado Nuova with mini fins or Chrysler 300 X
Don't expect they ever will Few in leadership are concerned about anything but regaining powerThey see Trump as illegitimate &amp;wont ever stop https://t.co/hPuOqmgk7h
Death of the tortured Otto Warmier prisoner in Communist NKorea for taking a poster must be met with a new retaliation &amp;No US Visas again
China's duplicitiuos actions with NKorea sustains the Kim Jung Un regime thru aid &amp;trade US can't wait until they get a ballistic missile
US must let China's XI know we will cut diplomatic relations ,all trade ,seek all allies to do the same if they don't get rid of Kim Jung Un
There must be a new and stringent policy onCommunist China to force them to change NKorean regimeEconomics is key asChina's economy fails
GOP Handel wins Georgia Congressional seat by 6 points over Dem who spent $25 million Trump backed her 2nd GOP win in special elections
Response toRussian interfacing with US fighter plane overSyria Do not back offRussia will back down or face horrific consequences No quarter
Does ChelseaClinton really need to bloviate about a joke to twist it as fat shaming? Why west moronic conclusions when it is such a stretch
About time These people are part of Deep State who want to destroy Trump &amp; his Administration with no  concern  for damage to the nation https://t.co/hNrdFMRSXt
Fathers reflect back to early years with their children 👶 It remains a memory of majical times and the best time of life Kids huge your Dad
Reaffirming Monroe Doctrine  https://t.co/A0KKyQyk1M
Trumps reversal ofCuban sanctions is reaffirming the general tenets ofMonroe DoctrineOpen only when Castro regime stops radical dictatorship
Castros Cuban flaunts its harboring of American fugitives including convicted murderer Joann Chesimar who killed NJState Cop &amp; escaped jail
Russians say they killed ISIS leader El Baghdadi Not yet confirmed he was hit  in Raqqua air strike Await actual confirmation
What a moronic statement but look at the character of the man who made it Hapless idiot who chased women and lost his family over it https://t.co/ohZhZV9NWU
The outrageous double standard in politics is perpetuated by the deeply entrenched bureaucracy that is Washington DC They survive on it https://t.co/hx0kWMpNHy
President Trump is visiting Congressman Steve Scalise at his hospital recovering from gunshot wounds right now
It is almost unfathomable that a person can twist their own mind to the point where they would kill political figures because they disagree
Political Blabbermouth sends prayers for a swift recovery to all the injured in the Alexandria Va shooting especially Congressman Scalise
Over 50 shots fired by AlexandriaVa shooter at Congressional  ball field  practice hitting4Security detail was there shot shooter&amp;caught him
Congressman Steve Scalise is extremely well liked and highly efficient and effective as GOP Whip He was hit in the hip a serious injury
Congress Whip Steve Scalise(R-La) shot and alive He was at ball practice by shooter who hit 4 others He is in custody Steve is well liked
The more Rosenstein &amp;Sessios are  questions the more Comey and liberal media is revealed as lying vicious morons self serving dolts
AG Sessions made it extremely clear that Jim Comey is a liar and his effort at character assassination backfired big-time AG is a patriot
Meuller should be more even handed in appointing peopleto his team instead of packing it withDemocrat supporters who gave money to the party
CNN&amp; MSNBC are vigorously reporting false information &amp; fake rumors Anonymous sources have all told concocted lies sans no basis in facts
AGSessions gave most candid &amp; truthful answers leadingany even minded person toconclude there is no reason for any more questionsAll hot air
The entireRussia matter other thier trying to interfere all else is Democrats hating Trump win and can't get over it Media also drives this
Special prosecutor Mueller has appointed 4Dem supporting attorneys to his staff to investigate Republican Trump Fox is in the hen house
Give former  FBI director mueller friendship with James Comey how can anyone possibly expect an independent and unbiased view by Mueller
Comey felt HillaryClinton would winPresidency so he followedAG Loretta Lynch's orders to run cover forClintonNo Indictment Illegal collusion
illegal Political collusion is when DemocratAG LorettaLynch orders Obama appointee FBI Dorector Comey to call Clinton investigation a matter
Insanity has taken over in Washington DC No collusion No cooperation with Russia No treasonNo evidence of any kind of obstruction of justice
Not only Russia but Communist China North Korea Iran and other nations have attempted to hack into Presidential campaigns several times Fact
The liberal media has hair on fire over wether Trump has tapes or not Suspect they are being played Very unlikely there are tapes
In order to get Red China to makeNKorea halt its nuke program US must cut off trade &amp; pressure our allies to do so to We must use extremes
US has voluntarily been decreasing air plooution by nearly 5 o/o each year Even coal burning emissions greatly reduced by new scrubbers
China creates @30% of  worlds pollutionParis accord rule theydont have to adhere to restrictions until 2030 so new coal burn plants building
Puerto Rican pride parade in NewYorkCity honored a man that Obama pardoned shortening his sentence from 70 to 36 years a convicted terrorist
Puerto Rico is bankrupt due to vast corruption and mismanagementUS Parade inNYC honor a convicted terrorist who spent 36 of 70 years in jail
RT @chetbtester: @Duckman1001 @blueknot1965 @andie910 @EjHirschberger @ouiouitweet @kmclc2016brutus @fixerofthings @gcamp4 @Jody5639 @kimsa…
IfComey knewTrump was not under investigation &amp; no evidence his campaign colluding withRussians why did he leak to force special prosecutor
Trumps rejecting Paris accord rejects Green Climate Fund aimed at helping financing poor nations for climate changesThe $ is needed at home
India's electric power plants are60% powered by coal If they build nuclear plants that could cut coal use greatly No use of scrubbers either
Trumps pull out of Paris Accord may already have unforeseen positive outcome Indias Modi just announced building 10 new nuke electric plants
Trump will scale back relations withCommunistCuba Obama got no concessions for resuming realations Even fugitives Russia sends them oil free
Bloomberg Biznews believes manufacturing less in the United States in favor of R&amp;D instead of both makes economy stronger BULLFEATHERS Faker
Some anti-trump moron wrote an article inBloombergBusinessWeek stating increasing manufacturing jobs inAmerica it's not good for the economy
Where can Bill O'Reilly can you drive on television as a political commentator Would it not be best for him to start his own network?
Bill O'Reilly allegedly what's involved in five incidents where women were paid for sexual-harassment What did he do that caused firing ?
The unanswered question still is perplexing didBillO'Reilly get charged with any sort of inappropriate sexual contactNo one knows the answer
Its time for US Senate to conclude new healthcare bill &amp; get together with Congress to get the AHCA passed Next do tax cuts in 2017 WAKEUP
Comey had meetings with4 Presidents but only wrote notes on his meeting with Trump!AGLynch ordered him to callClinton investigaton a matter
NancyPelosi questionedDonaldTrump fitness to be preside ImaginePelosi questioning anyone's fitness?Shes a good reason torequire sanity tests
The US never had an FBI Director that sought out media limelight like Comey He degraded the office &amp;diminished the reputation of the FBI
Both of ObamasAGs were horrid partisans Holder&amp;Lynch were corrupt as was lObama for picking such slimy characters EvenComey called Lynch out
Qatar needs to reconsider funding Hamas&amp;Muslim Brotherhood both listed as terrorist groupsOr face the wrath of multi nations&amp;near shutdown
On balanceJames Comey was the worst and most unfit FBI director ever His conduct with the Clinton emails was abhorrent He ruined the FBI rep
SenatorBernieSanders reveals himself as religious bigot during confirmation hearings Hes unfit to be in officeHe violates religious freedom
Trump seeks to build up a strong military coalition of alliedMideast nations to deter Irans hegemonic control of the entire regionGood Idea
AIPAC concern i.e.Isreali security has a friend inPrez TrumpObama ostracized Israel in favor of Iran nuke deal Now seismic change US policy
American Isreali Public Affairs Committee would do itself great benefit by having serious dialogues with the Trump Admin Common Goals likely
Decision to isolate Qatar by surrounding Arab nation came on the heels of the Trump visit &amp; forming the antiTerror alliance  No Coincidence
The timing of the two horrific Terror Attacks in Grest Britain just before election may have been timed to disrupt the May Government It did https://t.co/VwsncQX2Ad
Comey really tried to damage Trumpas revenge for being fired but useing a Hillary phrase "It was a nothing burger"Nothing new or startling"
Obama said you could keep your doctor&amp;you could keep your health plan He lied to get votes forACA Chaos Trump fibbed - no consequence equal?
Comey admits that he leaked a document to media that was part of his official duties document was involved POTUS That is a criminal action
If Prez Trump was not truthful to ComeySOWHAT Unimportant babble But he is clever and oily He lost respect withHillary Clinton email scandal
Comey showed he was a disingenuous bureaucrat whose  grossly failed performance as FBI Director got him firedHe sought revenge so he leaked
Dodd-Frank is nearly dead since Congress gutted it Hazzah! It was choking the economy Democrats see Obamas legacy disappear
A liberal progressive alliance with all the money in the world Scary https://t.co/8XdO0zljXS
LtG Guadagno &amp; Jersey Joe Perfect Together!!! https://t.co/iLeow4IlE7
During era of John Corzine  Phil Murphy to made multi millions just before collapse of GoldmanSachs and got out before the indictments flew
Phil Murphy has hardly been seeing on television speaking directly to peopleDuring his campaignPundits indicate that he is extremely strange
PhilMurphy  a Goldman Sachs partner won the Democrat primary for NJ Gov He brought in A group of Jon Corrine alums Murphy is CREEPY &amp; Weird
Those who promote government run healthcare  SinglePayer need only to look at gross failure of Veterans Healthcare mired in horrible care
Perhaps Trump can use Tweeter less but really review what wil go out during the light of day Slow down and use it sparingly
Hiring Muslim security people to monitor their own communities is the best way to protect them and others These terrorists kill their own
We need to enlist Muslims in our security forces to fight against people who
If we don't realize itwe continue to be at war We need to change the way we fight it A key is putting undercover agents in mosques &amp; more
The seven nations around Qatar shut down the borders and all means of imports to that terror supporting nation Paying the piper
Saudi Arabia emboldened by the accord with the Trump administration is shutting down the entire nation because they support radical Islam
Why isn't President Trump using surrogates to get his point across when it isn't necessary for him to go out front The effect will be same
It'sOK that Bill Maher used the N-word on his television show because he's a liberal&amp; gets a pass Late night TV host Colbert gotta pass too
Qatar has no sea ports so now they are surrounded by our angry allies due to cozying up to Iran &amp;subversive groups This sends a big message
Kudos to our Arab allies for ceasing relations with Qatar because the cozy up to Islamic terrorists &amp; Iran Saudis Bahrain UAE boxed them
Trump supporters &amp; detractors all agree it's time that President Trump should stop using tweeting as a means of pronouncing his opinions
Trump invites criticism when he involves himself in tweeting negative comments about mayor of London it is totally unnecessary &amp; incendiary
There needs to be changes in some laws to allow security forces to have more emergency powers to try to uncover potential radicals &amp; surviel https://t.co/Uv5A9OZofA
RonaldReagan changed the world We mark anniversary of his death tomorrow (2004) He averted WW3 &amp; destroy medSoviet Communist threat One man
This the eve of the death of the greatest President in modern times Ronald Reagan We reflect  on the massive accomplishments one man made
Israelis have come up with a security system that is strange in yet workable so that they can prevent the threat of attack in many instances
President Trump is a realist when it comes to seeing the horrific sides of the Islamic radical terrorist attacks throughout Europe Stop it !
How about out rage how about discussed how about raising the level of public consciousness to fight the radical Islam make terror Not Calm https://t.co/KuEzJBXY46
Why Americans should be outraged Madonna I want to blow up the White House Robert DeNiro I want to punch the President in the face Respect?
Climate change is a fact of nature &amp;no one would say that's hoax What is a hoax is extent of what humans can do to change nature  BIG HOAX
Japan has been in a chokingly session for a decade the European Union has been on the edge a bankruptcyWhy should US follow theirParis Deal
CommunistChina and India as well asEurope continue opening coal fired  plants without restriction under the Paris accord Kerry made the deal
US doesnt need global oversight as to what it decides with either climate change or anything else America became great by self destiny
What difference does it make whether President Trump response to his opinion on climate change He is doing what he believes is right for US
America can go along with how it has done and reducing greenhouse gases&amp;carbon omissions and has done well we don't need others to tell us
Communist China's  obligations under the Paris accord does not take affect until 2030   13 years from now but US obligation was immediate ??
Palestinian Arabs do not accept Israel's right to exist  what's good for the goose US and Israel should refuse to acknowledge Arab rights
The only way to get there Palestinians to believe that they can't make a good deal unless they negotiate in good faith is by bold new moves
Trumps decision not to move the US Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem is wrong. Moving it would get the Palestinians attention
Wait a damn minute!Evaluating US commitment to clean air and reducing pollution is not the same as the one and onlyParisAccord# Not Needed
Part ofTrumps view of returning the economy to really positive operation is corrections to any impedimentsParisAccord hamstrungUS #BadDeal
Kudos to Staten Island &amp; some California cities cancelling Kathy Griffin appearance Also Some CNN execs that fired her New Years gig
There is NO reason the Paris Accord could not amend conditions imposed on America The signers just won't because they have the better deal
US was to pay more than any other nation in Paris Accord China gets a virtual pass allowing higher emissions and even  subsidies India too
Outrage about withdrawl from Paris Accord has more to due with USA rejecting Globalism then the deal Trump is going It alone as voters want
Elan Musk quitTrump advisory council over withdrawal from Paris AccordHowever he won't get big subsidy for his part in the Accord He lost $$
HillaryClinton maneuvered her way with Bill to become billionaires using political office as the vehicle She LOST even so STOP WHINING!!!
Trumps US leads the way in stopping bad deals where conditions are slanted against usParisAccordObamacare IranNukeTPP NAFTAThat's why he won
Any agreement on climate change has to be equal for all nations i.e. US shall not pay China&amp;India .US emissions reductions same as others .
Unless &amp; until there is a radical change in Paris Accords US should withdraw from it The conditions punish USA but let China&amp; India pollute https://t.co/ift3oOzhzf
America can offer subsidized goods to alll nations that stop trading withChina and incentives for thier goods&amp; tradeSqueeze them on N Korea
Threaten to arm Japan&amp; South Korea  &amp;Urkraine too Push back on China's expansion with harsh sanctions on trade It will wreck their economy
China can stop buyingNKorean coal but never stoppped proping up the maniac Xi can stop sending aid He is a liar We are being playedMore TADD
US should impose trade sanctions onChina&amp; all our allies who trade with that regime until they get rid of Kim Jung Un Stop nuclear threat
Time for a political truth squad Name the obstructionists holding up agreements on tax cuts &amp;healthcare Call them out in both parties
True cooperation between nations to reduce greenhouse gases will only come with agreement for inspection and penalties  China&amp;Russia lie
The Senate wouldn't approve Paris Executive Order as a Treaty so Obama did not propose it
Prez can demand Obama era sanctions in Paris Accord  be removed but seek either new terms or enforcement China&amp;India have 20 years to comply
HillaryClinton is delusional &amp; bitter She looks unwell &amp;angry She lost her closest "body person" Huma Abedin who lived her 24/7 No Bill near
DebbieSchultz lost her DNC Chair over helpingHilly over Sanders Brazil Inter-Chair gave her debate questionsSuper Delegates in Tank forHilly https://t.co/ZU2eWLL7QF
No dumb Kathy Griffin for CNN NewYears EVE broadcast Just uber biased Anderson Cooper Watch FOX or DicK Clark Productions
Moody's downgraded China's economy because of debt Mow is the time forTrump to slow trade &amp; have our allies do so to force NKorea nuke plans
Hilly blames DNC Obama Russians The Brits who guided Brexit She fails to blame the real  culprit HERSELF https://t.co/ZU2eWLL7QF
90 killed 450 wounded in Kabal Afganistan likely by ISIS The concern that the nation which sawAl Queda training camps will be same for ISIS
Kathy Griffin FIRED st CNN Any one who hires her are morons She has no place in public discourse for any reason after her insane depiction
Democrat NJ GovCandidate Phil Murpys former company GoldmanSachs financed Venezuela Bonds proping up the Dictator Maduro Jon Corzine also GS
Trump will not honor Paris Accord b cause the actual major climate culprits are Russia China&amp; India and there is no enforcement on them
Kathy Griffin's career is lagging so she pulled a disgusting stunt to get media attention Hey if your lucky you will not be on TV onNewYear
Kathy Griffin should be banned from TV for existing a mock Beheaded Prez Trump It insults the office Trump and those beheaded victims SICK
An intercontinental interceptor collided with a mock ballistic missile in space today successfully testing US system from nuclear attack
Today PresidentRonaldReagan's vision of the so-called Star Wars defense system became a reality when the US intercept blew up a mock missile
GermanLeaderMerkel up for reelection postures aboutPrez Trump rebuffs climate change Paris Accord then her concerns of ISIS threat #Politics
Moody's downgraded CommunistChina's credit rating due to debtNow is the time to put economic pressure to getNKorea to back off nuke program
CommunistChina continues to vacillate on clamping down on Communist North Koreas aggressive nuclear program DONT TRUST CHINA They never help
When was last time we saw a Russian behead a Christian or burn down a Coptic Church McCain has such jealousy on his loss for Prez  hates Don https://t.co/X5ninyFajh
JFK 100 Birthday He was a Conservative Democrat who put together a huge tax cut sent troops to fight Communism Financed NASA Was a Navy hero
Decoration Day reflected putting flags on Military Graves in remembrance of thier sacrifice for freedom While MEMORIAL now Honoring is clear
NJGOP will be totally wiped out if Dem Murphy wins Gov GOP Trenton leadership is totally inept seeking deals with Dems so they can survive
Instead of indicating he'llwork with both state &amp;federal legislatures&amp; presidential administrationMurphy has already joined total resistance
If Dem Murphy is Gov raise income tax by 20%  Common Core for schools  Sanctuary cities OK Increase in business taxes He will be Corzine x2
ObamasDeep State are organizing hugeNJ DemGov CandidateMurphy campaign Near$1 billion NJEA massing 70000 teacher volunteers $25 mill primary
NJ Wake Up!Obama handpickedDemGov candidate Murphy formerDem Ambassador to Germany &amp; GoldmanSachs Billionaire dumpedSweeney Biden endorsed
Mark Zuckerman dropped out of Harvard Steve Jobs dropped out of Reed Both were honored with Himorary Diplomas and key commencement speakers
Dropout Zuckerman &amp;Jibs being honored defeat the entire premise of higher education Namely preserve and complete your education regardless
We honor all those who served in our armed forces &amp;thier families Freedom lives because of your sacrificesWe  a grateful nation thank you
Germany &amp;other EUnations have relied on US to carry NATO expense mostly alone for decadesThen chideTrump bringing "overdue bills" #Not Obama
Only when China &amp;India actually reduce the worse climate pollution should US unilaterally agree to stringent rules set byParisClimateAccord
EuropeChina &amp;India are the worlds worse polluters 50 x more than US Until they actually do controls knowing the fact is they cheatUS says NO
Ronell Reagan said his assessment of the Cold War was this we when they lose! Trump seems to have taken a page from Reagan's playbook
America does not have to be in the Paris agreement unless the members are willing to change conditions &amp;equalize between USA China&amp;India
President Trump Foreign tour was tremendously successful in every area He showed that America is back as the leader of the free world
What Hillary  did while in office was a national disgrace She should not be give any platform to spew her venom &amp; attack others of good will https://t.co/GiFOjy5ooR
RT @GregForMontana: Thank you, Montana. I am humbled by this incredible honor. I will always be on Montana's side. https://t.co/yZtYbPtRAl
Why did Obama decide to go to Germany specifically when PresidentTrump was inEurope himself rude inconsiderate self-centered egotistGoodgone
Why shouldNATO nations that have not paid their full share be given six years to do it  that's ridiculousNetherlandsFranceCanada for example
Trump has shown that he can act as the leader of the free world in his foreign-policy trek from the Middle East to the Vatican to NATO
Where is the media out rage that Obama allowed unmasking of innocents and had been told by FISA Court they were constantly breaking the law
The mealymouth liberals are complaining that President Trump dissed NATO members for not paying their fair share in publicOMG He told truth!
PresidentAssisi ofEgypt must focus his military on the constant slaughter ofCopticChristians it is incredible that they are being massacred
HillaryClinton is out there bloviating about freedom and impeachmentWell she is a great  restrainer of freedom and Her husband was impeached
Isis calls for all out war during RamadanHorrific events in Manchester Egypt and other places over the last few days merely illustrates this
Gianforte win in Montana counter to all the liberal media Who had him dead and buried  reports of my death are greatly exaggerated
Although media &amp;Democrats do not agreeTRUMP's trip abroad was a huge success he got 55 nations and coalition against the jihad and NATO too
Trump should not agree to the Paris accord until they change some of the times including the inequality between US and China and India
Joe Piscopo on Fox News Specialists reflected views of most Americans on various subjects He has a NJ radio show
NATO if strong &amp;well equipped &amp; cooperative is greatest deterrent toRussian expansion &amp; aggressionUS may lead  but alliance mustbe vigilant
Liberal media is having a field day trying to attribute GOPs Gianforte attack on reporter to Trump by some ridiculous convoluted theory FAKE
GOP Cingressional Candidate in Montana Gianforte won special election He faces charges for assault vs a reporter Seems votes still back him
97% of illegal drugs in United States comes through Mexico and only 45% of those coming through the border are detected by DEA build a wall
Does the world Really need to keep tabs on whether MELANIA TRUMP holds Donald's hand or not? Anymore of this and I hair will grow on fire
Montana is a rough and tumble state A GOP candidate bodyslammed a liberal reporter who broke into his office It's possible voters don't care
It seems curios that in the midst of murderous bombings beheadings war refugees millions dead some G-7 nations Are worrying v global warming
Trump had his business hard hat on when he spoke toNATOHe demanded that those  deadbeat countries that owe money have to pay up 5 of28 do
Why are some of the most wealthy universities still getting federal funds when they have multi millions and donated funds Taxpayer ripoff
Those Universitys that get federal funds that refuse to let all points of view and riot to stop free speech should have their funds removed
Trump seeking massive TaxCuts Removal of unneeded Regulations RefinanceMilitary Allow Military to Win in battle Open pro business &amp;repatriat
While polls show Trump not popular vast majority of Americans agree with what he is doing 55 MidEast Coalition vs ISIS being joined by NATO
Congressional Budget Office predicted 26 million on Obamacare There is 10 CBO is often totally wrong This is bureaucratic guessing not real
This Pope grew up in a horribly polluted environment and sees vast poverty in nations where there is no environmental concerns Squewd views https://t.co/60D2LNtaUe
ISIS invasion in Philippines puts that nation at risk as being the next safe haven for Islamic terror Took over city Martial law
What does Philippine Prez Dutertedo now?ISIS attacked &amp;stool over a city Prez denouncedTrump&amp;USA long time ally &amp; is toutingRussian friends
Philippines!latest area of ISIS actionPresidentDuterte declared partial martial law He postponed trip toMoscowUS liberated that nation inWW2
If a new healthcare was past and it brings down the cost and includes purchase across state lines to targeted young  people
There are over 21 million people who won't have to buy insurance any longer under the mandated Obamacare New law cuts $119 billion in costs
ProposedAHCA was scored by CBO guess that51 million will not have insurance versus28 millionunderObamacare in10 years 15 million getACA free
European nations criticizedTrump for demanding that they comply with the 2% expense for their own defense What do they expect US protection
President Trump is urging NATO nations to spend 2% of their national budget on their own defense in their own countries toprotect themselves
All the breeches  that were involved with Obamas people at his direction were done for political purposes which is the most outrageous abuse
Obamas NSA violated law in investigating individuals data per FISA Court They also did this with IRS Obamas people unmasked individuals also
Automobile insurance is mandated differently by states some places did not have  mandated insurance at all US Virgin Islands started in '90s
Federal government does not mandate automobile insurance or any other insurance infact it does not mandate purchasing anything onlyObamacare
Wolf Blitzer made a preposterous statement comparing mandated auto liability insurance to mandated health insurance Is he a moron or what?
Mandated automobile insurance is to protect others from acts by individuals against othersHealth insurance protects the individualDifferent
Wolf Blitzer ofCNN equated automobile insurance with Obamacare as both were mandated He misunderstands fundamental insurance Auto liability
That is very curious What does he know? https://t.co/MdnTYb7ab6
The shadow of Manchester Massacre looms over Trumps NATO meeting as the expanse of terror demands a response from our allies NOW Join in
US Congressman MacArthur (R-NJ)resigned asChair of Tuesday Caucus but remained with thatGOP group He got discouraged with lack of agreement
The AmericanConsulalste should be moved from TelAviv to Jerusalem This will send a message to Palestinians Now is the time to end terror
In order to to repel the jihad there needs to be a vast change in the way we fight this war A new strategy is needed # Resolve
GreatBritain is on highest terror alert followingManchester bombingThere is a realization that must be a worldwide response to Islamic jihad
Trump was soundly criticized for his intention of closing down the borders until a better system of vetting people coming in was done Hmmm
Bombing in Manchester attacks France &amp; Sweden problems with invetted refugees from the Middle East makes our security all more important
Ringling Bros.&amp;Barnum &amp; Bailey Circus closes after 146 years as Greatest show on Earth Falls victim to political correctness Kids lose out
Sir Roger Moore passed st 89 One of the exclusive 007 club Adieu Roger
RT @PBlabbermouth: @CThompsonAFPM Murder of innocent little girls in Manchester illustrates the urgency to obliterate Islamic jihadists wor…
@CThompsonAFPM Murder of innocent little girls in Manchester illustrates the urgency to obliterate Islamic jihadists worldwide No where&amp; no one is is safe
RT @PBlabbermouth: @CThompsonAFPM There is a theory that destruction of ISIS-ieDaesh is there only real  solution Erraticate the vermin dri…
@CThompsonAFPM There is a theory that destruction of ISIS-ieDaesh is there only real  solution Erraticate the vermin drive themOUT Everywhere found
Obama refuse to sell armaments toSaudiArabia Now $110 billion sale by USA gives them the power to fight radicals like Al Queda&amp; IransHoothes
Philippines execute drug dealers No alcohol is  allowed in Saudi Arabia or many Islamic nations Religion is banned in China The list goes on
India a democracy still has forced arranged marriages Communist China restricts number of children allowed  The State owns all Russian media
America can't change culture of many nations overnight or over decades over 2/3 of the nations have some sort of human rights restrictions
Suggesting that America should foster our values on other nations is folly Human rights in China Russia North Korea Venezuela restrictive
Obama fired Flynn because he disagreed with him that ISIS was a clear and present DANGER Obama thought they were JV not a threat Too bad
Little is said about the fact President Obama hired general Flynn as national security advisor He must have had confidence in his knowledge
Paul Manafort and Roger Stone who worked on the Trump campaign has cooperated with Senate investigators and there seems to be no there there
Liberal media is hysterical about general Flynn and the firing of FBI director Comey Actually none of this really is crucial events
Liberal media playing up Gen. Flynns refusal to testify before Senate when he seeks limited immunity so they can't use his words against him
General Flynn's lawyers know exactly how to proceed with his testimony that Senate wants in order to protect him against self-incrimination
GeneralFlynn refuses to testify before a Senate committee invoking 5th amendment Must give him limited immunity to force him to testifySmart
China Russia and even North Korea are taking note of Trumps foreign-policy alliances as he travels to the Middle East Israel and then Europe
Trump bringing together Sunni &amp;Shia Arabs together in Saudi Arabia meeting sends a message worldwide thatAmerica can make sweeping alliances
Trump won election as president and McCain did not One would suspect sour grapes Trump was harsh in his campaign blurb about McCain https://t.co/YVbpdLG2HD
RT @carrieksada: Trump &amp; 55 Muslim-majority states sign pact pledging 34,000 troops to fight ISIS in Iraq &amp; Syria  #RiyadhSummit 	https://t…
RT @Education4Libs: One of the most amazing, truthful, and mesmerizing speeches I have ever heard from any world leader. https://t.co/fnAfj…
RT @foxandfriends: .@netanyahu: Your visit here, Mr President, is truly historic https://t.co/hcGy0Gjxa2
RT @tteegar: Tel Aviv 	It's evident #FakeNews tried to sabotage #TrumpInIsrael b4 he even arrived!	More evident it didn't work! #IsraelUSAf…
RT @VoteTrumpPics: "Terrorists do not worship God, they worship death." - @realDonaldTrump 		#RiyadhSummit #TrumpinSaudi https://t.co/n6409…
RT @WayneDupreeShow: Trump: We are not here to tell you how to live, we are here for partnership		#RiyadhSummit #Trump #MAGA #Trumptrain #W…
President Trump speech in Saudi Arabia to 55 national Muslim leaders was clear call to a collective call to arms against Islamic jihad &amp;Iran
KingofJordan Egypt President leaders of UAE  King of Saudi Arabia and other Mid East leaders join with President Trump in solidarity withUSA
Historic gathering of leaders ofMuslim world to illustrate coalition withPrezTrumps effort to eliminate radical Islamic jihadistsIncredible
Saudi King Salman illustrated his desire to embraceTrump  Administration as a strategic ally of first-order president made that clear too
Saudi Arabia has rolled out the red carpet forPresident Trump Banners of him and King all over Saudis have 50 nations coming to greet him
Ironic Bill Clinton who sexual escapades became Legend officiated at marriage of AnthonyWeiner &amp;UmaAberdin He was convicted today She filed
President Trump is making a historic nine day trip to reinstate America as the force for good in this world He is already hailed for reforms
It will be interesting to see if Muellerseeks not only what Russians did in 2016 but who unmasked names Maybe even Hillary  email trail
RogerAiles founder of Fox News passed at age77 He was a fierce patriotHe was fired for sexual harassment most who worked for him praised him
Former FBI Directorueller is a man of integrity As Special Council he will seek Facts &amp; not be swayed by political blather or Dems hysteria
Comey is obliged to tell his superiors at DOJ if anyone sought to obstruct justice including Prez He did not So he did not think Trump did
Comey never reported any discussion with Trump about Gen Flynn investigation until after he was firedHe regularly briefed others on less
Perhaps there needs to be review of unrestricted PresidentialPardon option Clinton with donorMarkRich Obama with Manning &amp;vicious drugfelons
Manning will get full military medical coverage even sex change operation even though convicted traitorObama arranged for this with pardon
The release of the traitor Manning due to Obama pardon after 7 years of a 35 year sentence is a travesty of justice It sends wrong signals
A sad commentary on the timesRinglingBrothers BarnumBaileyCircus willperform its last circus onMay21 animal rights group caused elephant ban
RT @ConstanceQueen8: BREAKING : Israel defends Trump against Liberal Media "Russia Leak" Claim https://t.co/6x70RJBLPc https://t.co/pyekSbM…
Satirists and liberal media pundits relish the chance to be as visceral&amp; outlandish in their personal attacks on Prez Trump Now no bounds
Comedians that use to poke fun atUS Presidents in the past reserved themselves not to completely demean theOfffice No more They are viscous
Are Americans more fixated on Washington Politics more than other citizens of other nations ? Do Brits or Germans ogle newsshows &amp; Twitter
As much as Trump is a braggadocio and self promoter Obama is an eliteist aloof and self impressed His "Imperial" demeanor belies his birth
LiberalMedia relishes the prospect of demeaningPrez Trump even before they can verify a story especiallyTV pundits excoriating him sansFacts
What ever was discussed privately inOval Office some how became a slanted Wash Post story Outrageous breech of security Open season on Prez?
SenBobCorker (R) way off base bloviating on Trump giving up secrets toRusskies when there is no proof it happened Innocent til proven guilty
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Amazing. Who wants to take bets that there aren't retractions??? https://t.co/KimOu6AnpM
How could any credible information find its way to Washington Post given who was in the room ?? https://t.co/tEWT9LD8lX
Bernstein's diatribe at Washington correspondents dinner showed just what extreme partisanship he displays Comey had to be fired He failed https://t.co/jJnNbOk5Ml
Trump&amp;Netanyahu meet next week Trump vowed to more US Embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv If deal is made t will speak volumes for alliance
There is a vigorous plan to deal withKimJungUn &amp;his penchant for intercontinental ballistic missile Firing test will accelerate US response
N Korea thinks firing missiles will bring US to bargaining table They don't knowDonaldTrump No coercion will dork only inviteStiffer resolve
While trade deal with China US beef&amp; poultry is big selling Natural Gas cuts into Russian exports Very big move LNG is $billion dollar deal
Best choices for FBI SenJohnCornyn attorney general ofTexas Mike Rodgers former FBI agent&amp; CongrWhile Ray Kelly has a great resume he is 75
Mothers Day reflect  and remember
President Trump may not be as politically savvy as he should be but his speech at Liberty University today speaks to the core of the man
Some of us fight every day to MakeAmerica the place we knew when we were growing upWhere being an American was a proud thing We want it back
Note Tony Bennett in concert at Caesars Atlantic City Mothers Day Tony is 90 years old and is stilll great
Former FBI director Comey was incapable of directing the bureau He was a headline grabber and  too visible politically to head FBI
American cannot tolerate North Korea with potential of having a nuclear ballistic missile capable of reaching the United States No WAy
KimJongUns fireing ballistic missile is intolerableUS must gather it's allies in the far east and completely shut off all trade&amp;starveNKorea
NorthKorea purposely alienating the newSouth Korean president by launching an intercontinental ballistic missile The Chinese must step upNOW
Congressman Mike Lee former FBI agent is the perfect choice for FBI director well qualified and perfectly positioned to take over Trump pic
Notice that everything Trump does is measured as AntiObama by LiberalMedia Relaxing school lunchRepealACA FireObama appointeeComey Coaluse
If Murphy wins NJ Gov he has Dem control of legislature He will turnNJ into sanctuary state likeCal Tax hell outta businesses &amp; working folk
Murphy is ex Goldman-Sachs where he made multimillions enough to buy Governovership like Jon Corzine Hevwill raise taxes again Dems control
Big money is behind NJ Dem candidate Murphy He forced Sweeney out He put in $18 mill so far and bribed every county commmitte with$ Scary
Unlikely that any law enforcement will go after Clintons for wrong doing though plenty of evidence exsists Amazing they maneuver the system
Comey knew of the secret meeting of Lynch&amp; Bill Clinton That alone should have set off alarms Comey gave Hillary a pass That is collusion
If Lynch represented Hillary years before there was a close relationship Meeting Bill on plane when DOJ was investigating her was preplanned
RT @PBlabbermouth: How ironic it would be if the new FBI director reopens the Hillary Clinton email case It could very well happen https://…
FBI is responsible for cyber security Homeland investigations drug crimes murder So spending time on frivolous matters seems moronic
FormerPrez Obama stated that selling drugs was not a violent crime &amp;felt there was an inequality and convictions between blacks and whites
Let em Go Holder philosophy by the former AG just got reversed by AG Sessions So now drug dealers will end up in prison as they should
Though the man was a constituent he was completely out of order hurling insults at RepTomNo doubt A Democrat PartisanTom has guts to do them https://t.co/yrN1M0dy0N
New Jersey Congressman Tom MacArthur (R) was viciously attacked verbally in a town hall meeting based on his work on healthcare bill Sad
How ironic it would be if the new FBI director reopens the Hillary Clinton email case It could very well happen https://t.co/uTkbe2O7YE
The dailyWhiteHouse press briefing is perhaps becoming too much of a circus &amp; merely creates more divisiveness Maybe there should be fewer
US Senator JohnCornyn is being interviewed for the FBI position tomorrow morning along with three others He  is by far the highest qualified
Texas Senator John Cronyn is the perfect choice for FBI Director He is of highest integrity intelligent &amp; vast knowledge He will restore FBI
Trump administration showed good faith making fine deals withChina now China's turn to deal with North Korea and stoptheir nuclear program
New trade deal with China particularly for US beef is historic a boon to American beef growers Others good deals too Now we see what Xi does
President Trump includes a trip to Israel in his Mid East and European trip Finally America is back staunchly supporting our great ally
@neontaster @railgirl1952 Exactly
RT @skb_sara: https://t.co/yDaOKnGFdb Report : Obama Funded Terror Group Hezbollah to the Tune of $600 Million #wednesdaymotivation #obamal…
So what if pics were taken by Russians ? Media can't sell theirs? https://t.co/aCploMLeNr
RT @Miami4Trump: Hey Comey, THIS Is The Moment You Lost ALL CREDIBILITY By Not Prosecuting A Career Criminal, Known As Crooked Hillary 😂	#F…
RT @Anncostanza1: Mark Levin just did a smack down on @chuckschumer Hey Chuck do you think a special prosecutor should investigate the Clin…
Most rank&amp;agile inFBI disliked howJim Comey operated as Director He deminished the Bureau's reputation Most are glad he's gone Too Political
Blumenthal blantantly  lied about serving in Viet Nam War He NEVER should be aUSSenator His conduct is intolerable Conn voters toss him out! https://t.co/nWW2GE6Dvy
Waters is hysterical &amp;erratic She makes no sense It's a wonder voters keep her in office She is out of touch with reality &amp;should retire now https://t.co/ktcY7FdlyK
All branches of government investigating Russian attempts to influence US elections never stopped including FBI NSA &amp;Congress Without Comey
Do you think that Donald Trump could have fired J Edgar Hoover or LouisFreeh orClarence Kelly or William Webster? No way Comey was a dud
James Comey is a big boy literally6 foot8 So he worked in a government job with little guarantee of job security He got fired by his boss SO
TheObama administration and FBI fully knew that Russia had been interposing in American elections for a decade&amp;did nothing Weak Cyber Walls
Interference in elections by Russians Chinese Iran and other interests have been going on for decades here and elsewhere #Fact
Hillary Clinton lost the election because she was a terrible candidate with no message and a failed plan in campaigning and huge baggage
No one but a moron would believe that Hillary Clinton lost the election because of interference by the Russians on behalf of Donald Trump
Bear in mind that the next FB I director will be approved by 51 senatorial votes Likely No Democrats or maybe 2 No bipartisanship exsists
Former senator Kelly Ayotte could never handle the FBI job as director people like Trey Gowdy Ray Kelly Bill Bratton all have the chops
Mainstream media Democrats &amp;liberals are clinging to the RussianTrump story for dear life They have nothing elseUntil a new fabricated issue
We can expect Democrats Liberals and Lame Stream media to oppose every single thing action word and proposal Donald Trump does always #Fact
Democrats &amp;Liberal Media have hair on fireComey is a symptom ofHillarylossSchumer CNNPelisi Durbin MSNBC CBS NBC NYTimesEtc all in lock step
There is noRussian-Trump connectionThere will be no special prosecutorTrump will name newFBI Director &amp;Senate will approve by51votes #FACTS
1st things 1st A special prosecutor for the  Clinton Foundation and the deal that 20 percent of US uranium to Russia by Hillary Clinton
Sarah is really smarts d articulate She handled the White House Press easily and put the smartAlec's in thier place with aplomb Tough cookie https://t.co/bQLnnJPACc
FBI isdomestic investigative law enforcement agency which reports wrong doing toJustice Department https://t.co/UTjd7LGZwq General office
US has iSIS AHCA Syria China N Korea Tax Reform Military Rebuild Reboot Economy Comey is a 2 day news event Get over it No Big Deal
Minority Leader Chuck Schumer is in minority because of his and his party failed views Bloviating on Comey firing when he called to fire him
Rest assured that ifHillary Clinton was elected president James Comey would've been her first casualty Even though he gave her a pass Ironic
Former FBI director Jim Comey may be 6'8" in height but diminished the FBI to where he couldn't walk through a mouse hole with a high hat on
Dems want to have a special prosecutor go on a witch hunt to see what dirt can be unearthed aboutTrump using FBI firing as excuse Won't work
Facts are Facts Evidence does not changeRegardless of what investigative agency is involved there is no link between Trump&amp;Russians #Enough
After months of investigation by three differentFederal Agencies  has been no evidence of any links between Trump campaign and Russians NADA
Trumps firing of FBI director Comey is not end of world like some Democrat and liberal media characterize it The FBI has thousands of agents
RT @realDonaldTrump: James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
The FBI indeed do USA will survive after the firing of James Comey director Let's hope the next director would be cautious and a pro
John Pistole seems to be the front runner for director of the FBI at this point he is eminently qualified Expect a swift appointment
CongressmanTrey Gowdy name has been floated for director of FBI That sounds like a pretty good pick The guy is impeccable&amp;knows his stuff
Actually you got to hand it to President Trump Although a little bit like a bull in a Chinashop the results justify the means in the end
Firing of FBI director was rather crude and poorly executed Prez Trump needs better guidance in rolling out important events But necessary
Subpoenas of business records tied to general Flynn to discover what financial arrangements were made by him normal course in investigation
It appears extremely transparent thatDemocrat and liberal press are seizing the Comey firing to call for independent investigationWont work
Democrats wanted to draw and quarter FBI director Comey blaming him for HillaryClinton's loss suddenly he's indispensable in Russian matter
Comey tried to be both investigator and prosecutor and Attorney General all at the same time Delusions of Grandur It's about time he's gone
Democrats say the sky is falling because FBI director call me was fired Chicken Little is a Democrat Its raining toads Aliens invade Wow!
RT @SavvyHuman: Fantastic Defense Sec👌🇺🇸🇺🇸💙🇺🇸🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸TY @POTUS 	#SOV #hugAVET 🙏🙇‍♀️🙏GB	#SecDef #PJNET #SOT #USA	🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ht…
But the CIA and FBI are conducting investigations into Russian involvement in the presidential election no need for independent prosecutor
Congress can subpoena her and should do so forth with this woman is a serial liar and a conniver and likely unmasked for political reasons https://t.co/lENeJ8zla4
RT @IngrahamAngle: Comey has now transitioned to being "extremely nauseous."
This McCabe's  wife took $700,000 to run for office from Va DemGov Terry McAuliffe's PAC He is owned by the Democrats Get someone else NOW https://t.co/rYZ6fdGaV8
The evidence againstHillary Clinton was compelling and very well could have wanted an indictmen former FBI director Comeywas dead wrong #OUT
While former FBI director Comey stated that no prosecutor would take the case against Hillary Clinton it was not his position to say it
There won't be too many tears shed in Washington DC over the firing of FBI director James Comey He was the most disliked director ever
PrezTrump makes bold moves when he sees necessity for a swift action He does not dither but is decisive Firing FBI director illustrates this
There have been to many times when former FBI director James  Comey left everyone scratching their head as to his reasoning he was illfitted
The firing of FBI director James Comey by Prez Trump will be applauded by Republicans as well as Democrats because of his uneven performance
The strength of US economy has a lot to do with nations seeking alliances with a powerful country The greater our economy the more friends
If Dems don't stop denyingTrump isPrez &amp;is leading they will lose even more GOP has Natl Gov&amp; 35 state houses &amp; majority towns #NO MORE Libs
If new Healthcare bill enacted newTax reform follows &amp;US economy wil jump 2-3 points Spur New jobsExpand industry and MAGA Allies will note
USSenateGOP needs to get to work fast to produce Healthcare billThey had 7+years to do it Tax reform hinges on repeal &amp;replace ACA Do it NOW
Clapper&amp;Yates testify no evidences of collusion between Russia&amp;Trump campaignDems still whinefor special prosecutor even whenFBI CIA say no
New SKorean leader not good news for USA So US must really lean on China,arm Japan &amp;get Allies support in SChina Sea to end trade withNKorea
Francis new president Macron use the European Union anthem for his victory appearance indicating is globalization views France is in trouble
Both Clapper and Yates state that Gen Flynn did not commit a crime He was fired for lying to VP Dems can't stand it No Russkie collusion!!!
Do you know healthcare bill does require every state to provide for pre-existing conditions without an exemption premiums vary to 30% Fact
Democrats cry the new  healthcare bill provides that EVERY state provide for preexisting conditionsSome premium surcharge cap is @30o/o
Flynn was vetted byObama people and held highest security clearance for yearsHis decision to take money from any foreign interest is on him https://t.co/lueaLOvxJD
RT @AMike4761: France's New President Is a "Socialist" and an "Empty Suit" and France is #Islamized https://t.co/vYyq9ukAhu
North Korea iarresting American citizens to be used later as bargaining chips in some sort of negotiation to redo sanctions Its intolerable
Most efficient way to deal with NKorea Break diplomatic contacts Demand allies do so &amp; cease all trade includingChina Give SKorea few nukes
Macron needs to cobble together a government when has had no real party Will need to make deals with 4 political factions No easy task
LePen ran strong in industrial areas that are blighted and rural section but big liberal cities put Macron over top But now he needs to deal
Macron a liberal globalist is new French President Already promised to give kids 500 EU to use for museums &amp; movies Many industries failed
US Coast Guard base atCape May adds impressive vessel the 154 foot long Lawrence Lawson with computer control 50 caliber machine gun Protect
if a state decides to change criteria for pre-existing conditions it likely to mandate coverage for pre-existing but increased premium FAIR
Democrats keep repeating  big lie that new healthcare bill does not cover preexisting conditions It does but states can op out or change it
HillaryClinton said  she is forming a resistance Resist WHAT??? Trump Congress Obama Bill She has diarreah of the mouth Put a cork in it
He believes the Governor Brown is that protecting the people of California and is that seeks to protect criminals instead
Fabbio became an American citizen He thanks that Jerry Brown the governor of California is insane letting criminals remembered in the state
Democrats death and distruction with new healthcare bill because they will lose votes with millions who get it free Its all about politics
80% of Obamacare insureds get government subsidyDemocrats will take a big hit with their voters who they gave free healthcare #No moreFreebe
Democrats are screaming aboutnew healthcarebill becauseif state optout of preexisting conditions in mandated bill sick will pay moreNoFreebe
CommunistChina is one key to forcing N Korea to stop nuke missile development Nuke Arming SKorea&amp; Japan is anotherChina hates thatTime is up
Tough decisions forAmerica on dealing withNKorea mOther  Presidents for decades did nothingNow we are forced to face nuclear missile crisis
David Axelrod Obamas chief POLITICO throws Hillary Clinton under the bus about her failure to run a viable campaign but blaming others
5% of the population cost 50% of healthcare in US Should we expect 26-year-olds to carry the burden of those sick people Most don't think so
Vets died waiting for care by VA underObama Trump signed order allowing Vets to access private care if can't get care at VA Dems take notice
confidence in Trump administration has resulted in the unemployment rate dropping to 4.4 percent Imagine if the 9 million dropouts comeback
Opening healthcare insurance cross borders and group / organization sales will drive competitive marketPremium will drop Bring more doctors
Australia has25 million people Canada35 Providing healthcare is no so challenging but Canadians wait months &amp;come x border to US NoSinglePay
@orarnp thanks
EllenDeGenerous who was so accepted as a gay performer she gotsMain ChannelTV show is so prejudiced she won't invite POTUS on her show#BIGOT
Obamacare collapsing across countryyou can'tchoose your doctorOr insurance plan premiums have already skyrocketedYetDems swear Itis success
No matter what President Trump does everyDemocrat will say "horrendous "including lowest unemployment in10 years RepealObamacare Bomb Syria
Pelosi Waters even Dem Gov Terry MacCauliff (Va) all say many will die under  the new American healthcare Act Hysterical BULLFEATHERS Not So
Trump said Australia has better healthcare than USAThat's true UNDER OBAMACARE that we have right now but newAHAct will fix that when passed
NewJerseyUS SenatorCory Booker Democrat proclaimsTrumps American care act passed byUS Congress will cause massive deaths He is truly insane
99o/o of Iowa counties have no Obamacare exchanges Arizona premiums up116o/o It is fast collapsing in every state No matter Dems deny it !
Even before the ink dried on Trump backedAHADems&amp;liberals proclaim it disastrous even asObamacare collapsed in several stats already#Just NO
People like Bernie Sanders applaud nations like Cuba &amp;Venezuela as social models It sure is tough to be ideological when  starving to death
Socialism destroyed the most prosperous South AmericaNation in HISTORY in only a few short years This should be taught in our universities https://t.co/MfEv4dBrpA
If you are a GOP congressman and faced with a vote like the AHA that you oppose why embarrassed toPresident and yourself instead of notvote?
American Care Act passed Congress Those GOPcongressman who voted against it will have a tough time with Trump Administration next four years
Who is Krystal Ball and why is she even on television? A purpose in life is to be an apologist forThe incredible failing democrats so boring
CageyComey testified in Senate hearing but revealed nothing newHe was arrogant evasive &amp;somewhat pompus at timesDems blame him forHilly loss
Trumpcare bill goes to vote tomorrow If it passes Congress goes toSenateA milestone passage of a new healthcare bill leads to new tax reform
Obamacare was an entitlement with nearly80% subsidyHealth insurance has to be purchased in whatever form people need it nota universal right
No person is turned away at a hospital that needs urgentlife-saving care regardless if they are penniless or even illegal alienDon't needACA
WhileJimmy Kimmel tried to make a case forObamacare because his child needed an operation no child in USA that needs we would be turned away
Mocking the president of United States on airwaves and his policies is constitutional But civil decorum is expected on Prez personally
Colbert is a moron who disrespected the Office of the presidency in the most demeaning and disgusting manner If that's what CBS okays it SAD
We see devastation left by 8years of Obama that Trump must face Besides iSIS NKoreaRussia China Iran the Healthcare crisisEconomic weakness
How about Benghazi $billions in influence peddling Sale of 20o/o of US uranium to Russia Obamacare support Cuts to Military &amp; stream of lies https://t.co/RJmLeu2wM7
That was bound to happen O'Reilly could get some of the best Fox stars &amp;msybe enough sponsors&amp; investors He could take huge share &amp;kill FOX https://t.co/c53pYoyn9T
HillaryClinton says she is now part of the Resistance So what She is a loser and an aging bitter hypocrite with stolen $ billions extorted
HillaryClinton whines about how others caused her to loose PrezFlash she is seen as a grifter powerhunger conniving felon sold her offices
The money that goes to illegal food stamps&amp; assistance could ease the Veterans Healthcare crisis How about giving to those who deserve it!!
Surveys show a large number of people who get food stamps are ineligibleThat's why it doubled in 8 yearsLoose requirements Anyone can get it
Only the poor-disabled need free assistance Not everyone is entitled Gaming the system is a way of life for some &amp; working folk pay for that
Capitalist USA follows with Health Insurance not some socialist concept of entitlement You work for what you get You. pay your own way
AmericanHealthCare needs Cross state lines competition GroupSales Taxcredit No mandate Low premium for young&amp; healthyHigher for preexisting
GOP must get this damnhealthcare bill done Its holding up tax reform so important for reelection &amp; getting economy going So move it NOW
Who wrote this budget Barack Obama Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi? They are taking credit for it Paul Ryan failed So did Trump  We were had
Donald Trump vowed to get rid of appropriation for Planned Parenthood cut EPA &amp;National Endowment No WIN Loser Loser  Where is your backbone
The recent budget gives an increase to national endowment for the arts Planned Parenthood and the EPA GOP must of been asleep at the wheel
Why did President Trump and the GOP congressional leadership allow Democrats to dictate the recent federal budget It is outrageous horrible
The compromise federal budget is far from compromise it awards Planned Parenthood &amp; NPR &amp;EPA Is this how GOP leads Disgusting derilition
NJ&amp;NY need the new tunnel systemGateway project butNJ can't a lopsided $ billions to do itFed&amp;2 states &amp;private partners need to do it Tolls
On balance Trumps  first hundred days we're extremely productive and helpful to the country regardless of negative perceptions He is worthy
France's economy struggles as more terrorist stacks jit the heart of thier cultureTime for a tough leader like GB PM May https://t.co/3cmvgzx7CX
Warren uses the most inflammatory rhetoric to attack GOP but is so "Senstive"when someone on the left pokes fun at her&amp; her fake Indianness https://t.co/flQH7ULtBW
That is simply CRAP spewed by a moron https://t.co/JXIYdxO4rY
WHCD was insignificant sans POTUS  awards to left wingers at Post&amp; Politico Use of distasteful jokes offensive to normal peopleWhy broadcast
White HouseCorrespondent Dinner comedianMinhaj was an unfunny moron using reference toNazis &amp; N word &amp; said Trump doesn't care for1st Amend
CommunistChina Russia&amp;N Korea lie &amp;mislead part  of  overall national policy can't be trustedOnly fear of economic or military actions works
Is US cuts trade &amp; diplomatic relations withChina &amp; urges allies to do so untilNKorean Nuke program ends it will collapseChina economy DO IT
What will China do about NKorea Nuclear missile program?US can't allow Kim Jung Un to have capability Threaten complete China isolation NOW
US must untangle finance deals withCommunist China to free our hand with political dealsUS is hamstrung due to debtChina expands militarily
Allowing US to have Our enemy Communist China buyUS bonds &amp;massive real estate Tech companies &amp;debt was insaneNow Xi has free hand to expand
Lamestream leftist antiTrump media illustrated by NY Times claim new tax plan is for the rich onlyEven dissed Trump Made in America callsDuh
CommunistChina's company Huawei which sells smartphones is under suspicion of selling to sanction nations IranSyria Cuba then suspend  trade
RT @PBlabbermouth: CommunistChina has been found to violating patents &amp;stealing techHuaweiTech  suspicion of selling to nations under sanct…
US made parts used inPhones made byChina's Huawei Technologies &amp; also military uses US investigates but should suspend all trade with Huawei
CommunistChina has been found to violating patents &amp;stealing techHuaweiTech  suspicion of selling to nations under sanctionsIran Cuba Syria
80% of the ninth circuit judge decisions are reversed They failed to follow the law It is 4× too large Break it up It will be more efficient
Although Obamacare is collapsing ;there is irrefutable evidence it is unworkable Democrats continue to say it's fine Obama legacy Notgood 4U
NJ GOPCongressman want preexisting conditions covered FineAdjust premiums to reflect it &amp; age &amp;history so it's fair to young&amp; healtyNOT EURO
GOP leadership MUST get new healthcare bill passed now Doing it NOW and adjusting later is OK Tom MacArthur YOU can compromise for the deal
While Republicans did not like Obama &amp; refused to agree with his uber liberal views there was not the vitriol seen now byDems raging vsTrump
Trumps 100 days Gorsuch on SCOTUS Cabinet Picks Missile attack on Syria Historic Tax Reforms plan ReverseObama Exec Orders New Job Stocks up
N Korea wants a nuclear tipped ballistic missile that can reach the US US can stop it by using every means to getChina to forceKim Un end it
We cannot tolerate North Korea having a work will nuclear ballistic missile I can hit the United StatesINTOLERABLE US must actNOW to stop it
Likely Japan and South Korea should be armed with nuclear weapons forcing China to act against North Korea next huge sanctions against China
Chuck Schumer andDemocrats are against building the wall with MexicoTrump won presidential election on a promise to build a wallDems lost
TRUMP understands toothless negotiations with tyrants and dictators get you nowhereFear of economic ruin or military action is only solution
In order to resolve Syrian Civil War and to remove a cyst from the Middle East Russia's Putin must cooperate If not US must impose Sanctions
One of the best keys to getting tax plan is to repealObamacare nowCongress has to get off the nitpicking &amp;pull together a deal immediately
If taxes are cut this year it will mean a tremendous boost in the economy especially if corporate tax is cut to 15% from 35%
Good news TRUMP text plan reducing corporate tax from 35 to 15% reducing tax brackets from 7 to 3 10%and 25% and 35% for personal income tax
Dem Senator Chuck Schumer smugly makes demands on Senate Congress &amp; Trumo as if he was the leader Actually he is just an arrogant blowhart
Communist China's leader Xi does not want a War involving NKorea US must pressure him with stiff economic &amp;diplomatic &amp;sanctions NOW Stopem
Obama has contracted with Wall Street giant Cantor Fitzgerald for $400,000 fee for speech NY Times Wash Post USA Today refused to report it
As PresidentObama railed against Wall-street manipulators But hypocrite Obama contracted with Canter-Fitzgerald for a$400,000 1 hour speech
Trump response to Canada barring milk important Was to put a tariff on lumber US has plenty of lumber in our Northwest to supply US
Canada screwed our Wisconsin milk producers refusing to buy milk product after seven generations supplying it They sent a letter April 1
Maybe the funding of the Wall with Mexico will be delayed on this round but it will put President Trump in  bargaining position for the next
GOP Congressman Tom MacArthur (R-NJ)did new health care plan likely to replace Obamacare Great new view on old problem will bail out USA
Lt Gov Guadagno (R)is Anti .23 c gas tax Reduce property tax Pro Business but gets no $ from broke GOP state committee Still she has a shot
Hot race in New Jersey 4 Gov Lt Gov Kim Guadagno (R) vs Murphy (D) Goldman-Sachs Exec He put$10 mill of his own money chasing out all others
The progressPrez Trump has made in100 days can be measured by both positives I.e. Supreme Gorsuch&amp; cabinets &amp; reversals of Obama exec orders
There is no patience with N Korea continuing developing a ballistic missile with a nuclear warhead capable of reaching USA Trump is acting
North KoreanKim Jung Un a tinpot Communist Dictator is so erratic &amp;unbalanced that either Communist China has to do something orTrump will
So who is leading the Democrat Party? Bernie Sanders is a independent Socialist HillaryClinton lost toObama &amp;Trump Obama is done so is Biden
RT @AMike4761: The French Obama - Emmanuel Macron - Married His Teacher, 25-Years His Senior - https://t.co/wM5HlWuej4 https://t.co/PHHkHtB…
Phillies sweepBraves
Marine Le Pen French Prez conservative candidate will be on runoff vs moderate behind 30 points in polls She Maybe on a Trumptrack vs odds
US must clamp down onIran&amp; get our allies to cooperate or we face anotherNKorea but with $150billion slush fund When do we learn from errors
There are at least2sites when Iran won't allow inspectors &amp; evidence that work on nuclear weapons is proceedingHigh time to tear up the deal
Budget crisis looms as Prez Trump insists on funding for the Wall withMexico a key campaign promise that voters sought in electionTough call
Communist China seeks world supremacy thru capturing foreign economic markets as well as internal ones Trade imbalance is a security issue
Communist China has developed a new shipping trade route which skirts its south coast and goes thru Africa to Greece investing $ billions
Correction Iran got 150.9 billion dollars fromObama not $11.9 That money funds terrorists world wide Why? To make a bad deal they won't keep
PresidentTrump negotiated the release of anAmerican held in a Egyptian jail for three years Obama failed to do itFinally a Prez who succeeds
Horrendous damageObama did during his 8years missmanagingUS government will take a generation to repair $11.9 billion to Iran Dems ignore it
Iran supports North Korea and funds Hamas against Israel and is the leading force for terrorism in the world todayUS was sold down the river
Independent evidence shows Iran continues to develop nuclear weapons in violation of theObama agreement Insane payment of billions ofdollars
French Candidate Marine LePenn may have just gotten a boost because of recent attack in Sunday election which will likely end in runoff
Where will Bill Orielly land ?At age 67 he is hardly ready for the pasture Will he seek another venue?
Did Bill O'Reilly gets bum rap? No doubt he has a hardNYCity Edge &amp; rough mouth Was that the PC issues If He insulted women was that reason?
Areas inSwedenBelgiumFrance haveNoGo zones virtual Islamic run enclaves within thier nation underSharia lawThe people will never assimilate
Areas in Sweden Belgium France have NoGo Islamic zones virtua
Attacks byIslamic jihadist terrorists in severalEuropeans nations has citizens considering that governments were too permissiveClose borders
The continual terrorist attacks in France raises the interest in conservative candidates since current administration is not stopping it
Since 89 o/o of lamestream Media reporting is Anti Trump why let CNN NBC CBS or ABC into White House Press room Throw them OUT No reason why
Chinese steel is sub standard and does not reach proper tensil strengths but passed off as graded Could cause collapse and failure #US Steel
Products manufactured in Communist China have a horrendous history Drywall with arsenic Pergo wood flooring with deadly illegal chemicals
Are Communist Chinese playing us in this NorthKorean nuke confrontation ?It would be a smart play How much would US give up? #Empty promises
What if CommunistChina is pulling a Machiavelli scheme egging NKorea nuke confrontation to getUS trade deals for their faltering economy?Hmm
Orielly pushed Fix news to $200 million a year He never got a chance to answer allegations fired while away How fair was that?
Seems unfair the Murdocks fired Bill Orielly when he was vacationing in Europe He pushed thier brand to $200,000 a year &amp; #1 Fair&amp; Balanced?
Dems claim moral victory in Georgia 6 primary but they spent $8 million and didn't win the Congressional seat How is that not a loss????
Sen Feinstein always vocal about GOP corruption Now her husbandRichardBlum got $1 billion contract withCalifornia for railway Investigation
Why no investigation into Senate Diane Feinstein's husband Richard Blum who's for much of what is $1 billion rail  contract no bid Collusion
Democrats got thier ears pinned back again after making Ga6Congress race totally an anti Trump referendumThey still won't concedeHilly lost
Dispite spending $8 million in Georgia6 Congress primary Democrats did not get 50 o/o majority so a June runoff favors GOP AntiTrump failed
If anyone can tear up the 2 party system it's maniacs like Bernie spewing false utopian visions known to be https://t.co/AdQg3mhlWC
Coming from a committed Socialist Democrats ought to heed the disparate radicalism of SandersHe pollutes the young and would destroy the USA https://t.co/AdQg3mhlWC
Trump Now declares Buy American for all Government projects No more cheap Communist China's steel or Russian airplane parts
Congress must move quickly to repeal &amp;replace Obamacare so that tax cuts &amp; reforms can be done soooner than later How about reducing to15o/o
US cannot allow Communist N Korea to perfect a long range nuclear missile system If China does not act Trump will use whatever means needed
US must forceCommunist China to act against Kim Jong Un either collapse his government economically or assasinate him before he starts a war https://t.co/h1EvDVp5er
Attorney and South Jersey icon James Cooper passed at age 87 Adieu Jim
Real tax reform hinges on repeal of Obamacare which will free up billions in obligations GOP Freedom Caucas has to work it thru now for both
The fact that whenTrump was a candidate he called mCommunist mChina out from manipulating currency have stop them from doing it nowGood news
Anticipate Easter
Catholics and Jews observe Holy Week Easter&amp; Passover
Did Trump make a deal with Chinas Xi? China obstained from vote on condemn Syrian gas attack Turned coal ships away from N Korea Good Signs
Consider Holy Thursday
Prez Trump made deal to stop coal from China to NorthKorea as deterrent to thier nuclear missile program A new first Next need more of same
PresidentTrump is getting great respect from world leaders on a wide basis now if he can only get those in his own party in line big success
Secretary of state RexTillerson laid the lumber to Putin&amp; Labrov on Syrian gas attack Russia is on notice thatTrump is noObama &amp; intolerant
After the failure of our state department under too worn out political hacksKerry&amp;Clinton US finally has a serious Sec of State RexTillerson
Steve Bannon is extremely loyal to Prez TrumpHe has a clear understanding of GOP base that lead to winningNow his views contrast insiders
If the US can control the market in LNGit will have the leverage over Russia who is chief money product is natural gas We can strangle Putin
Several nations are building liquid natural gas transport ships in anticipation of a tremendous trade in LNG Why isn't US doing it?Essential
Russia has stranglehold on your because of need for their natural gasUS has huge supply which when liquified is shippedLNG ships are needed
Prez Trump saw the vivid photos of babies &amp; kids gassed to deathHe did not need any advisors to tell him what to do He did whatUS leaders do
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg is 84 years old &amp; in marginal health Will she continue another 4 years or more on SCOTUS?
Democrats started the nuclear option If it had been a the other way around with a Democrat president&amp; Senate Reid Schumer etc would do same
Progressives are in a boxNow top federal legislative executive &amp;judicial segments ofUS government shuts out thier movement except lowcourt
Democrats&amp;Liberals have hair on fire 🔥 and ripping thier clothes now that SCOTUS is solidly Conservative for a generation with no recourse
US Supreme Courts new JusticeGorsuch tips balance if Court to Conservative By 5-4 Trump may name 1or2 more during his tenureLiberals on fire
If Syrian dictatorAssad is foolish enough to continue his civilianHolocaust he will enticeMassive USmilitary bombing of all militaryairports
No doubt President Trump will use military power in shock and awe if Assad continues bombing civilians indiscriminately Russians are pressed
Communist China is attempting to shut democracy completely out of Pacific rim &amp;take over the entire SouthChina Sea US&amp; allies can't allow it
Communist China will only act on stopping Communist North Koreas nuclear ballistic missile program  when US focus is to force PrezXi hand
US must hurt Communist China where it hurts most-economically US must disrupt trade with China &amp;make deals with allies to follow our lead
Chemical weapons like the sarin gasAssad used on Syrians is prohibited byGeneva Convention Assad guilty of war crimes Russia is mute on this
Russia Iran communist China and North Korea condemn the US strikes on Serien Darin gas supply house and airplanes use to drop on civilians
@oreillyfactor CNN carried sexual harassment charges vs Oreilly Woman filed complaint Will Bill respond?
US resolve in destruction of ISIS &amp; associated jihadists will be a real deterrent to belligerent nations like Communist China&amp;North Korea
Only eradication of the forces of Islamic Jihad in all its forms will end the incredible atrocities wrought by this historic worldwide WAR
Condemn murder of Coptic Christians in Egypt on Palm Sunday
The nations &amp; Christian churches around the world are joined by Jews &amp; others in condemning the murder of Coptic Christ
Numerous allies have let Prez Trump know they support his actions in Syria He has shown he will not dither when faced with the need to act
CommunistChinesePresident Xi didn't like strikes on Syrian chemical stockpiles he now knowsPrezTrump will act vsNorth Koreas nuclear action
Russia bristling atUS airstrikes on Syrian chemical weapons is to be expected However they play dangerous game withdrawal from mutual notice
If Styronhid the fact that it had chemical weapons and lied about it what about Iran pursuing nuclear weapons but lying about compliance
Congratulations to Spreme Court justice elect Neil Gorsuch We anticipate he will serve United States Supreme Court with great distinction
Use of sarin gas by Syria may have been on civilians but could easily be on American troops inSyria PresTrump a had National security issue
Washington District of Columbia was purposely formed as the capital with a district government and should remain vote could be added to Va
No state has less than 690,000 people
So traditional congressional district has about 500,000 people
Correction WashingtonDC has about559,000 people but the small states in the US Delaware and Rhode Island have about 1 million each PR has3.4
Wash D.C. Does Not have 680000 US citizens living there and those who do are part time More like 359,000 NO Statehood is needed Vote with Va https://t.co/VqqPgDOSjE
Wash D.C.a few square miles thousands reside hardly rises to need to promote it toStatehood with 2Sen &amp;1Congmn Better part ofVirginia https://t.co/mGlt1N4HiA
This one decisive action by the American president sent message to the rest of the world about American resolve to the rest of the world
President Trump what did airstrikes against Syria and their chemical weapons Seems eerily similar to the airstrikes Reagan Against Libya
To US battleships are positioning themselves for a massive tomahawk missile strike against Syria targets
There is a national security reasons to cripple the Syrian military commanded by Assad The world will understand that America will act
If Trump destroys the six major Syrian airports controlled by Assad used to destroy civilians NorthKorea will get the message loud and clear
While Obama was indecisive with the redline in Syria he illustrated consequences of inaction Trump won't do that Use of gas changes things
Highly likely that Trump will unleash a barrage of missiles againstSyrian leader Assad air power in shock and awe Answering use of Saren gas
Trump will need to make it very clear to communistChinese president Xi that he must act swiftly against North Korea or USA will do it Done!
Former FOX News commentators are finding homes on the liberal side CNN and MSNBC Unlikely their careers will last since no one watches them
Neil Gorsuch was unquestionably qualified to be a Supreme Court justice and even the Democrats know it Nasty partisan politics at its worst
Democrats keeps whining about how Merrit Garner was not allowed on upper down vote for Supreme Court Get over it They would do the same
Don Rickles was one of a kind he passed away at 90 today he was a favorite of the most highly touted celebrities in Hollywood for decades
Communist China action in restricting North Korea has a incredibly important effect on Asian commerce
It behooves Communist China to work with the American president to find a way to stop North Korea's nuclear ambitions which destabilizing
Prez Trump has quickly been mending relationships with allies like Jordan Egypt Israel Japan Great Britain Canada &amp; others in first75 days
GOP has toget  its factions all on the same page with in the next weeks and GOVERN not posture Somehow they need to set aside  differences
Will Trumo send bombers to wipe out the Assad Air Force which is being used to drop deadly guess I'm an innocent victims A chance he will
Pro Assad&amp;Russian forces used Sarin gas to kill100 children women men innocent civilians in and AntiAssad town More deadly than cyanide x26
Key healthcare act elements cross state lines, group rates,no mandated coverage,schedule premiums for preexisting conditions,catastrophic
EPA bloated budget$8 billion when US must replace military must be cut Also infrastructure needs redo EPA out of control kills private biz
Prez Trump seeks to cut EPA budget from$ 8.1billion to $5.7 eliminating @3200 government jobs About time EPA regs choke business &amp; new jobs
@oreillyfactor Answer Megyan Kelly sex harassment charges
She was canned because her ratings tanked so as revenge she lies about sexharassment She thought she could land a deal with lamestream media https://t.co/p2rZJoQHcH
North Korea launch another ballistic missile just before the meeting between President Trump and communist Chinese president Xi Defiant
When will the community of nations that see chemical weapons used time&amp;again in Syria killing children finally get some backbone &amp;stop it
RT @ConstanceQueen8: Six questions raised by the report Susan Rice unmasked names of Trump advisers https://t.co/X8FfDytDRe via @DCExaminer
RT @AMike4761: After shocking new evidence surfaces, Levin slams Obama admin's history of abuse, surveillance, &amp; politicization https://t.c…
RT @JrcheneyJohn: 💥#SusanRice Can't blame it on a Video this Time👉She Requested to #UnMask the names of the Trump Transition Team.   	https…
RT @wordsmithdave: "Socialism works in only 2 places: Heaven, where they don't need it; and Hell, where they already have it." ~  Ronald Re…
RT @ConstanceQueen8: Remember when Susan Rice said she knew nothing of the Trump 'unmasking'? 	Video https://t.co/fsMf5W7ldr via @DCExaminer
Recent bombing in Russian subway is likely the work of Islamic Jihadist to show Putin his Syria involvement has consequences Dangerous
Susan Rice ,Obamas national security advisor is the reason people are so outrageously disgusted with DC politics A henchman with no morals!
Serial liar Susan Rice Obamas national security advisor that emerges as unmasking Trump campaign people Rice lied about Benghazi video LIAR
RT @PBlabbermouth: SolveNuclear Option Trump makes a deal with Schumer to get Ruth Ginsburg to resign &amp; replace with Merrit Garland &amp;all vo…
SolveNuclear Option Trump makes a deal with Schumer to get Ruth Ginsburg to resign &amp; replace with Merrit Garland &amp;all vote for Neil Gorsuch
Not if the person committed a crime That's called justice as well as poetic justice https://t.co/ViSAS2POYk
Bernie Bernie Watch the news Food Riots No medicine not even toilet paper inCommunist Venezuela Government collapsing 1000percent inflation https://t.co/Tb25NMXrK6
How does  Obamacare rank to other nations healthcare? Italy is #1spending 9.2 o/o of GDP US is #34 spend 17o/o half of US for 3x better care
Kudos to dentist Thomas in Cape May Courthouse providing free dentistry for an entire day at no cost to those who really need it
RT @realDonaldTrump: Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸	https:/…
@realDonaldTrump Simmer down Mr. President you need all the Republicans freedom caucus moderates etc. going forward NO Democrat will help u
Deadly Fentonayl manufactured inChina finds its way to Mexico &amp;Central America&amp;across the border to US It's epidemicUS deaths rising greatly
Thousands of miles of coastline for US Coast Guard to protect &amp;cutting $1 billion from their budget will send wrong message to drug cartels
USCoastGuard intercepted ship with tons of cocaine worth $1 bilion &amp;. @ dozen captures of loads of drugs in 26 daysNeed more money not less
We long for the days of the backroom deals in Washington DC when Republicans got an a room and slugged it out and private
Why didUS government purchase a dossier prepared by a British agent for Hillary Clinton campaign which was used as a dirty trick v Trump
Sen Udall ( N Mexico-D) calls to withdraw all Mid Easr US troops &amp; stop attacks on ISIS
Trump supported aggressive antiISIS push in IraqUS military is carrying out the mission No more standing by as jihad advances Next is Raqqua
Coalition Troops supported by US Air &amp;ground are liberating Mosul from ISIS Use of children to behead civilians Homes booby trapped
RT @JrcheneyJohn: If Chucky Schumer's Lips Are moving Rest Assured he's Lying https://t.co/wAaLt8JVsF
Walter Jones(R-NC) is a serial grandstander who is only can get recognition by throwing hand grenades  Empty barrel makes the most noise
Civilians inMosul  are being used as human shields by Daesh or being put in areas where they know they will be killed Done to slow Iraq Army
Communist North Korea completed three ballistic missile test in one week while Communist China has been mute as to these actions US must act
Over200 illegal aliens arrested  for crimes in one week were released by local law-enforcement before they could be turned over to ICE
There should be a quid pro quo with every nation that causes our goods to reach consumers at exorbitant added cost to do the same to them
Nations like Japan and China either charge exorbitant import tax or tack on a tax before it gets to distribution Thus cost of goods are high
All Family expenses for educating children should be deductible on federal&amp; state taxes including tuition room &amp;board books transportation
No tax on family gifts under $250,000 No tax on food items No tax on any medical items No tax on telephone calls Deduct all school expenses
No inheritance taxes taxes were paid as earnedNo homestead farm taxNo tax on injury settlementNo tax onCapitol gains from sale of homestead
Tax Reform #15 o/o Business Tax down from 39 #Option Income averaging for 3 years # Reduce to 3 tax brackets-under $150k income 15 o/o rate
US has multiple national security agencies that investigate Why do calls for special prosecutors make any sense in concerns about Russia?
When reviewing Russian investments in US as some nefarious activity where are cries about CommunistChina buying upUS companies &amp;properties
After3 US SecurityAgencies investigating acolytes of Trump interfaced withRussian agents no wrong doingConcocted Democrat Red Herring &amp;Media
Evidence evolvesTrump campaign was surveiled in an elaborate scheme using a legal incidental "net" as cover byObama approval then unmasking
So the AHCA could not muster the votes needed to pass it What's next? Obviously collapse of Obamacare How long will that take?  Not long Duh
So if that's the case the thing you do is change the GOP not throw it overboard https://t.co/bmP4kS3B0e
Democrats operate in lockstep when it comes to coalescing around a vote Republican this form a circle and take out the guns not a good idea
Maybe it's a good thing that the healthcare didn't pass today on the anniversary ofObamacare as it could be a jinxSo what if it passes later
Democrat Cong Schiff is more concerned about who Cong Nunes has told about Trump surveillance first then actual wrong action SHAME on him
Philly may end up getting over $65 million in one year from the soda tax but might lose millions to regular people's incomes that they spend https://t.co/93GCShqf6Z
What Phillyeconomy stands to lose by loss of jobs incomes because of soft drink tax is enormously greater then a paultry $6.5 million in tax
Philly Mayor said tax on soft drinks brought$6.5 millionBut Pepsi has laid off hundreds &amp;many vendors and suppliers did too Millions$ lost
Moaning by bureaucrats over $cuts inNational Weather Service are simply the responses of entrenched bureaucrats Theycan do the job with less
NationalWeatherService is to get billion $dollar cut So how much is theirbudget now? There are many weather services with modern equipment
How in the hell does a 19-year-old illegal alien get access to a 14-year-old high school student at 9 AM in her bathroom in school &amp;rape her
CNN &amp;MSNBC stories about Trump surveillance fails to indicate that American citizens were unmasked illegally with Obamas ok Who do you trust
All Americans who are patriots mourn the death of the five in GreatBritain murdered by the  jihadists maniac Our prayers to the U.K.Our Ally
It is absolutely outrageous The man who became president was having private conversations recorded That information was sent around DC
After media screaming that Trump lied about being surveilled it turns out that it's true with irrefutable evidence of Obama's involvement
There was no warrants onTrump campaign or him for surveillance to be done or revealed including names unmasked, against the law Obama did it
Apparently congressmanNunez house intelligence chairman found that Trump was infact surveilled byObama &amp; his acolytesPersonal Info revealed
Dallas green former Phillies manager passed away at age 82 he was a great example of a class act for America's pastime Fans will miss him
Iconic baseball managerDallas Green passed at age82 He was a class act and a great promoter for America's pastime Phillies fans remember him
Some researchers indicate that the governors race in the state of New Jersey Will require a serious candidate to raise 25 to$35 million min
Rumor has it that comedian and radio personality Joe Piscopo suggesting might run as an independent for Gov. Don't quit your day job Joe
Mr Singh announces his candidacy for the GOP nomination for Gov. Let's see how many can run at same time just like GOP presidential 17 NUTZ😱
HillaryClinton signed off on agreement giving20% of US uranium which ended up in hands of Russians nothing done Her foundation got $millions
PaulManafort a private US citizen made $10 million from bigwig Russian businessman in 2006 Then 11 years later he got hired by Trump So what
Judge Gorsuch is such a class. Act Intelligent yet humble Perfect for SCOTUS So impressive even when being badgered Makes is proud
USConstitution is a very extensive document of that frames our laws very wellNoElastic clause is needed when applying law no personal belief
Senator Diane Finestein D-Cal is clueless as to what the intent of the constitution of the United States Sheneeds to go back to high school
Sen Hirono (D} spewed a List of democratic talking points in her questioning Judge Neil Gorsuch A waste of time and an insult to the man
If representative Jordan from Ohio disagrees with the new healthcare bill why doesn't he make suggestions for a change instead of bloviating
GOPcongressman have to get their head around repeal &amp;replacement ofObamacare now stop grandstanding or face the loss of their seatsDo It now
GOP
Senators Durbin &amp; Frankenbordered on outright insults to Judge Gorsuch with their questioning of him What an embarrassment for the USSenate
Trump needs to come down hard on China in every way possible to force them to put Kim Jong Un back in his nuclear box RedChina must stop him
NorthKorea has between 20 &amp;50 nuclear bombs US still trading with CommunistChina without restrictionChina is the only thing propping them up
AHCA has a good chance of replacing collapsing Obamacare But must be done smart 1 Get rid of mandate &amp; no choice2erase state lines3 accounts
Political Blabbermouth has over  55 years monitoring national &amp; international politics sometimes from the very inside of those arenas Facts
Comey is a Typical Washington DC Bureaucratic Hack who used poli-double speak instead of factual responses Slimy He diminishes the FBI https://t.co/HSdAR3hWqO
So the NSA &amp;CIA&amp;FBI have multiple people in our government who can "unmask" a citizen without probable cause or director oversight Horrible!
Why is it when ever FBI Director Comey is in a press conference he sounds like he is a candidate making a stump speech ? He is so scripted !
Chuck Berry and Jimmy Breslin left us last week Adieu
Peaceful illegals should get work visa &amp;can stay but never citizenshipCriminal aliens get immediate arrest jail &amp;deportationSimple solution
Peaceable illegal immigrants broke the US law coming in but if they obey laws &amp;work give them a workcard Criminal aliens get Arrested &amp;jail
Trump-Merkel meeting was a great start to renewed relationships with Europe's leading economic nation &amp;NATO ally &amp; our trade partner
RT @AMike4761: Judge Who Ruled Against Trump Travel Ban Is Former Obama Classmate | The Sean Hannity Show https://t.co/V9WhgnkeMt
RT @DerpFlannel: "Rachel Maddow" @MSNBC https://t.co/fvgFc4hOMh
RT @foxandfriends: Obama administration spent $36M in taxpayer money to cover legal costs of hiding documents from the press https://t.co/T…
Where did the $ go? $20 Trill squandered Now we pay the bill Rebuild military because we need to up grade security &amp;Rebuild. Infrastructure
Out of control spending from 2007 to 2016 with nothing to show but loss of over 15 million out of work force $20 trillion debt &amp; failed ACA
Preet knew he had to go but made a stink to  get publicity for a primary run for Dem nomination for Gov vs Cuomo https://t.co/PRx0DzlIis
RT @wordsmithdave: "Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway." ~ John Wayne https://t.co/wP6OmrsTuj
USAttorney Preet Baharara egged Trump on to fire him for publicity Likely will primary Gov Cuomo for his office Greed&amp; Ambition
UE Attorney Baharra was asked nicely to resign as New Administration took over Arrogantly he refused He was FIRED &amp; digraced FOOL
The national security agency should be brought in to review White House protocol for security No one should be able to get on the grounds
If the White House fence jumper had a substantial bomb he could've killed the president and his family What is the secret service doing?BAD
Huge issues faceUSA abroad&amp; home Trump is working hard butDems are flamethrowers hurting the nationUnAmerican More losses for them will come
Trump can demand NATO join fight vs ISIS Turkey&amp;Kurds&amp; Sunni go in to Raqqua Leave Sunni to crush Assad and push Russians aside Be BOLD now
US must fear Russian allying with Turkey Kerry failure disgraceful &amp; dangerous entire mid-east Trump could have had  Flynn close to Erdogan
Why hasn't State Department made a full press to get closely allied withTurkey ?NATO ally with awesome military bordering Syria Obama failed
Newhealth plan is done in 3 stages 1repealingObamacare &amp;mandates m2adding items like pre-existing condition &amp;26-yearold3 x states vouchers
No one knew what was in Obamacare not even congress passed it now we need clarity as to the repeal and replace to get support it's possible
In order to get support across the country for theAmerican Health that there needs to be a list of bullet points of each &amp; every part of it
Is China nationalistic ?how about Russia or Cuba ?Democrats believe that we should be global in Outlook How is that working out for the EU?
Bill Clinton joins Obama and bashing Trump what else is New How disingenuous is that whenHe has only been in office for. 50 days Disgusting
46 Obama appointed  lawyers in DOJ are dismissed by AG Sessions When Obama took office he did same thing so have manyPresidents No news here
General Flynn should've told Trump team of his relationship as a lobbyist for Turkey Actually we need a good envoy to Turkey a key player
Fox news Shepard Smith is becoming more an opinionated commentator not a News man obviously rabid Anti-Trump He shades all his comments
FOXNews Shepard Smith tried to tieGenFlynn's involvement withTurkish government with warming relations withRussian governmentGive us a Break
Assange and WikiLeaks have never exposed anything regarding Russia or China only in the United States Who is he beholding to?
US needs @50,000 more troops across all services Military leaders knowObama cut 40,000 We are at war on multi fronts Need support groups 30k
Obama never tried to negotiate with Ecuador to release Julian Assange Proven criminal Instead he let Iran of the hook &amp;gave $ billions &amp;Cuba
US must engage the. Ecuadorian Government NOW and negotiate a deal to expel Julian Assange Overdue He is dealing in espionage vs USA
Legendary Phillies superstar picture Roy Halliday candidate for baseball Hall of Fame is a guest instructor for Phillies at spring training
Legendary fight manager&amp;trainer Lou Duva passed at age 94 He trainer several world champs Evander Holyfield Joey Giardello Pernell Whitaker
Prez Trump said he will DESTROY ISIS Now he knows what's to be done Its WAR a stinking WAR but we know the alternative Obama dither ISiS x7
US has a professional military of volunteers They sign up knowing they will likely go into combat That is what they do FIGHT when needed !🇺🇸
Those who don't show up for work aren't women protesters they are slackers Pride in your work is enough to show pride Did Mom slack off?NO
FBI Director Comey said "Your stuck with me for 6 more years" Based on his performance VERY UNLIKELY
RT @AMike4761: Attorney General Lynch Signed Off on ALL FISA Applications to WireTap Trump https://t.co/F0k00f0nWI
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people wil…
Obamacare repeal&amp;replace with American healthcare is good newsNext has to be tax reform for everyoneThat will really stimulate the economy
BothGov Wolf&amp; Mayor Kenny records promote radical leftist ideas like sanctuary citiesCourt action displacing legislative actions Taxes Taxes
Penn Gov Tom Wolf has failed to seek any further funds for schools for the failing  system in Philadelphia Mayor Kenny alienated Dems&amp;GOP
Philadelphia has one of the most serious how much problems in United States and the last three mayors have done nothing about itCrime up too
Philly Mayor Kenny calls Pepsi Co greedy monsters for opposing Soda Tax Sales&amp;Consumption is down 33o/o Not all revenue is going to schools
Philadelphia mayorJimKenny calls President Trump at Tin Horn Dictator He blames him for desecration of Jewish cemeteries &amp; rise in bearings
There needs to be an investigation into how mObama&amp;his acolytes conspired to attack Trump Sam his people evidence emerging that they did
The spirit of United States supreme court justiceAntonin Scalia lives on what denomination of Judge Gorsuch as his legacy&amp; Our Constitution
When can we get America to listen to the majority and finally foster Cheerleaders for our nation ?He is right Let's make America great again
When can we open a newspaper or turn on TV to hear Trump saved billions fir F-35 Fighter Jet or Expanded Charter schools in Black Areas etc
There is no evidence that JeffSessions didANYTHING wrong Its all hoopla ginned byDemocrats in concert with lamestream mediaThere is no issue
How about realizing the nation needs to get the business of business and politics to get moving already ! Democrats throwing Monkey wrenches
America needs work Literally Jobs Via  NewHealth care New plan vs Islamic Jihad Rebuild military Contain China&amp; Russia Trade Redux TaxReform
Faux scandal is not helping America one bit either at home or on world stage The DAMN 2016 Election is OVER!! No Clintons ! Nada !Get it ?
Obama For America" organization spews out Anti Trump venom to bring down his Administration It is historically unheard of forEXPREZ to do it
Prez Trump is prepared to take on all the flack the Democrats and liberal media throw at him He will however not suffer fools or liars
Healthcare reform will have cross state linecompetition no mandated or penalties medical savings accountminimal coverage foryoung lower cost
Sen Rand Paul was totally marginalized when he was soundly rejected in hisPresidential trySo he is crowing &amp; pulling stunts to get publicity
Ben Carson &amp; Rick Perry finally had thier cabinet positions approvedThere are over500 more appointees yet to be considered Democrats slowing
Obama reorganized his political operation&amp;he continues as a political activist with staff &amp;Valeri Jarrett as chief advisor living with him
It is now revealed thatObama &amp; his acolytetes are actively trying to undermine theTrump Presidency They are organized &amp; concerted with media
This moron has no credibility and no platform https://t.co/gBmMN7J9Px
Dems Witch Hunts will not stop as they refuse to accept Trump as the Legitimate winner in NovemberFlynn Sessions -so who is next NO evidence
Shep Smith on FoxNews continues to question what Prez Trump intends to do will illegal immigrantsHis focus seems to indicate he opposes him
When your peers acknowledge your outstanding contribution as with Scalia they do so by honoring his wife and family A very touching moment
Justice Scalia was a lasting symbol of what the American Supreme Court was meant to be and others recognize his greatness even his piers https://t.co/NgIGTXdCbT
RT @charliekirk11: That was the best speech I ever heard a President give. #JointAddress
Gee She has her feet up on the couch and relaxing there right in the oval office do you think she should face the firing squad So What!!!! https://t.co/UaMRhhhXcW
NJ Dem GovernorCandidate Phil Murphy pushes for North Jersey casinos That is a death knell for all South Jersey and it was soundly rejected
Is There an Islamic Jihadust element to the attacks on Jewish cementry or threats on Jewish centers
Check every lead story of every TVnews programlChances are left start with anAnti-Trump story instead of the most important news of the day
RememberRepublican VPSpiroAgnew calling liberal media the nattering nabobs of negativism So what's changed over decades?Media even more left
Trump &amp; lame stream media (not all media) are st offs because of IDEOLOGY Thus they media slants ever report and chooses negative stories
Until &amp;unless there are real factual evidence that some unlawful cooperation occurred between Trump Camp &amp; Russia what is all the hoopla?
Europeans swooned over ObamaThe IN crowd darling got a "inworthy " award for nogood reasonExcept he was a neosocialist liberal Europeanlike
So Inworthy Obama got Nobel Peace Prize when he caused war expansions death destruction &amp; rise of dispicable ISIS Keep your damn awards https://t.co/a9mMeUa7VH
Oscars foul up even when huge Accounting firm handledMaybe a Freudian slip ?Was LaLa Land America's favoriteShould Ryan Gosling due the Oskr
Don't abuse the right to Peacefully Assembly Using it to foment anarchy is an insult to all Americans
Most townhall protesters are being directed by paidDemocrat activists who give out printed booklets on conducting chaos cause halt to meets
Majority ofAmericans in all states want repeal of collapsingObamacareOppostion is from those who get it free &amp;subsidized atTaxpayer expense
Town hall protesters supporting Obama care &amp;opposed to partial immigration ban &amp;liberal causes still don't understand election ofPrez Trump
Well Bannon help craft his campaign to become Prez He has background &amp; experience as well https://t.co/p1xDyyXChp
Trump passes on Correspondents Dinner So did Reagan Carter Nixon . Why do a  " make nice" fundraiser when most of the room despises him Good
VicePresidentMikePence showed in his CPAC address that he is indeed the statesman thatTrump chose to be a heartbeat away from the presidency
Vice President Mike Pence remarks at CPAC got the loudest ovation when he pledged unwavering support for the nation of Israel Rightfully So
ActorRobertDavi in his speech atCPAC used his last few months to quote the entire Red SkeltonPledge of Allegiance which interprets the words
Democrat liberal senators  Blumenthal&amp; Murphy from Connecticut seek to continue sanctuary cities Gov Maloy won't allow ICE cooperation
CPAC is energized and expanding Ronald Regan speech in his first Prez year validated it as the center of conservative issues &amp; endorsements
Paid protesters under orders and set plans are targeting GOP Members of Senate&amp;Cogress generally small groups of 25-40 disrupt Townhalls
CongresswomanMaxine Waters had elegant manner of speaking when she called Prez Trumps cabinet a bunch of scumbagsDoesCongress still censure?
For President Trump hits just keep on coming Russian influence anti-Semite anti-Muslim healthcare on rocks Poor choices of Cabinet He Smiles
RT @JusticeWillett: Happy birthday, George Washington!		The indispensable man, born OTD 1732.		🇺🇸 Father of the Country	🇺🇸 Best at not blam…
Aetna Cigna &amp;2 others dropping out of Obamacare part of collapse
N Dokata pipeline under way after Obama dithered for 3 years At least Trump is not indecisive or withering form protests
Sec Of  State Tillerson visiting Mexican Prez Nieto While US Government reviews what aid is being sent there in Dollars Big Stick!!
Rumor a group that is influenced by Obama himself sought to attackGen Flynn due to his strong opposition to Iran Nuke Deal This is payback
Not long ago scandal with UNICEF&amp;UN children's causes was found to be funneling money to wealthy individuals not childrenCheck before giving
US taxpayers funded the cost of the United States black history museum why is their political bias against Clarence Thomas in that museum?
Why doesn't US Black History Museum not have a section with only second Supreme Court Judge of African-American descentClarence Thomas Bias!
Fomented by radicals &amp; anarchists funded by the likes ofGeorgeSoros plan Attack of the Week against President Trump It is obviously planned
There is many Jews in GOP as there are in theDemocrat party Republicans are not anti-Semites this is a new attack by liberal and fake news
President Trump has made it clear that he is a huge supporter of Israel and Of  American Jews He has a history of champion Jewish causes
How dare Steven Goldstein the executive director of the Anne Frank Center calling the right wing and Prez Trump Anti-Semites Liar !!
Correction Russian UN Ambassador Churkin died at a hospital after turning ill at his NY Office Age 65
China has deployed fighters&amp;bombers to the military bases the built dotted across the South China Sea It is intolerable if the send Missiles
Russian Ambassador to United Nations collapsed and died in his New York office
RT @ConservativeTht: “Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.” ~ Abraham Lincoln https://t.co…
RT @LATiffani1: Honoring the President that set blacks free from the party of Lincoln. The other party has always been the #resistance #Pre…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
RT @PublishersWkly: Simon &amp; Schuster is canceling the publication of 'Dangerous' by Milo Yiannopoulos "After careful consideration." Full s…
RT @wikileaks: Chinese ambassador "private, off the record" set up for meeting with Clinton campaign during run up to US election https://t…
SenJohn Mc Cain constantly criticizing Prez Trump is of no help to the nation Sounds like sour grapes over his loss of Prez toObama STOP IT
Iran assisting in having NorthKorea perfect nuclear missile system  capable of global reach including US soil That's use US $ with Iran deal
Kim Jong Un had his uncle and now half brother assainated Already had over500 put to death and thousands in jail The military supports him
North Korea has 1 million troops ready for war as well Kim Jong Un is building a nuclear missile arsenal China has failed to reign Kim in
US has 28,000 of our troops in South Korea Who have over 1 mill
Communist China steals all our technology undercuts export products pricing Is aggressive in the South China Sea Ignores copyrights patents
BloombergBizweek effort to bash Donald Trump begins with article US &amp;China maybe headed for war Nonsense Trumps China policy is long overdue
TrumpsMelbourne rally had over10,000 people Some waited from4AM untilAirForce One landed at 6:30 PM tremendous energy Prez was elated Great
Trump rally was quite an event most interesting is a supporter was invited up to the podium and spoke MELANIA let off with the Lord's Prayer
New BoeingDreamliner is$300 millionThousands if orders alreadyBig boost byTrump visit He hit Lockheed for price of F-35Maybe go back to F-16
Michel was a true Statesman  and great American patriotI Our nation  needs more of these people cut from his cloth May God Bless &amp; greet Bob https://t.co/HP9ROR8RmE
Intelligence mid level Obama loyalists remain in key positions and must be gotten rid of because they're working against the President
OverObamas eight years he filled intelligence community with people who have his ideology not the reality of the worldThey work againstUS
Intelligence lower-level people are withholding information from  President and are working against good of nation do you too their ideology
Liberals including a cadre ofDemocrat operativesloyal to Obama are employed to destroyPrezTrump aided by lamestream mediaThey care not forUS
PrezTrump calls out the venomous meanspirited left wing media face to face in a news conferenceThey  were at times insultingbut he prevailed
Israel Leader Netanyahu and President Trump that continue cooperation and alliance after eight years ofObama insulting himBebe has a US pal
It was heartening  to see that the friendship between Israel and America is back on track as well it should be Two nations were common cause
Dan Rather says it's the biggest government event since 911 and others are calling the Flynn resignation force5 hurricane But NO facts NADA!
These issues face our nation NOW and demand intense focus and attention by Prez People are dying No time for partisan antics by Schumer
CommunistChina is aggressive enemy on multiple fronts ISIS has spread to30 nations killing innocents MexicanDrugCartels still sending drugs
There are major issues that must have Prez&amp; Congress deal with Democrats delaying and antagonizing is NOT in the best interest of America
When isChina going to reel in KimJongUn or do they chose to have this manic continue asa loose cannon to keep our nation on edgeBargaining?
CommieN KoreanDictatorKim Jong Un killed his mentor-his uncle Now killed his half brother Kim Jong Nam Sent up Iranian aided missiles NUTZ!
Happy Valentines Day
Sad end to the incredible career of a trueAmerican Patriot and huge loss forAmerica asGen Flynn resigns over a minor flap Leaked phone call https://t.co/AO7UDQ8iCH
RT @mitchellvii: Odd that Democrats were so upset over the email hacks but seem perfectly content with illegal wiretaps inside the White Ho…
RT @T_I_T_A_N_I_UM: Greatly said and put ...... https://t.co/jAC7m97Nsd
IntelligenceAuthorities inside our government are underminingPOTUS tapping his phones and leaking infoOutrageous Put them in jail Traitors
If noFISA investigation of former4 starGeneral &amp;Security advisor to PRez Elect Trump who &amp; why was his phone tapped?Are they tapping Trump?
What government agency eavesdropped GenFlynn phone conversation reborded It then leaked itMultiple law violations far greater than his error
Nothing illegal was done however suggesting Logan act is ridiculous Another character assassination deal for an American hero general Flynn https://t.co/UO57B2erVV
@washingtonpost California politicians should have more concerned about protecting citizens then sanctuary cities &amp; illegals Case in point
RT @washingtonpost: Officials were warned the Oroville Dam emergency spillway wasn’t safe. They didn’t listen. https://t.co/xmapdVSoFq
GeneralFlynn did not break any law even the Logan act when he spoke toRussianAmbassador about sanctionsHe did not own up to it its not fatal
Radical Islamic terrorist regime in Iran cooperates with communist regime inNorth Korea to create ominous weapons to use against usDangerous
North Korean communist leaderKim Jung IL cares little about the starving people he rules He gets Iran to aid in ballistic missile technology
China facilitates Kim Jung In in communist North Korea Aid keeps that radical regime going so DemocraticSouthKorea won't take over Dangerous
ShepardSmith on Fox News probably would be better off being onCNN since he is absolutely biased against the presidentTrump Biascomes through
General Flynn is an American hero who spent his life protecting this nation give me a break this is nothing but partisan attacks again
This wholeTempest in a teapot over general Flynn's discussion with aRussian ambassador about sanctions is nothing but more partisan blabber
Nearly a quarter of1millionCalifornia residents need to be evacuated and millions are threatened by bursting  of a major dam Why?FailedState
California is noted for out-of-control social spending for everyone including noncitizens instead of protecting the people who pay taxesDUMN
California politicians squander money bankrupting the state instead of taking care of serious life-threatening problems like bursting dams
If California politicians have been more concerned about protecting American citizen &amp;spent money on their reservoirs they would be safer
Hollywood is concerned Trump administration will slow down communist Chinese investment in film industry and US Danger is China's influence
Meat producers likeCargill hire immigrants to process meat at major plantsConcern slowing immigration will cause shortagesHow about locals?
Everyone of Trumps nominees have spent thierlives working on reputations that raisethier profiles tolevel of national prominenceStop attacks
Chuck Schumer must stop the partisan character asssainations of everyone of  Prez Trumps picks to satisfy radicals like Liz Warren Etc
Sure sign of spring Spring Training Baseball starts playing next week in Florida Ahhhh
Mid February can spring be coming in short order ? Let's hope so
Dr Tom Price newHHS Secretary vows to repeal &amp; replace Obamacare It is collapsing quickly half million owed out already Job killer Huge cost
A massive jihadist terror Stacy on Paris fortunately was uncovered before it happened Trump wants to stop potential entry to terrorists here
President Trump is working at an unbelievable pace after a grueling 2 year campaign Much was made of stamina Trump proved he is energized
Amazing3 minor circut court judges in obscure district have audacity to2nd guess statue law that clearly givesPrez power to deny admittance
Japan's PM Abe &amp; Prez Trump vow continued cooperation between the nations as allies Renarks alluded to the threat from China in S China Sea
@oreillyfactor The Tip of the Day is not as effective as Pinheads and Patriots Bring it back It had an impact
Mom&amp;Dad Aunts &amp;Uncles Cousins PLEASE don't let your youngsters go along with being influenced by false left wing teachingGive them direction
Kerry Kennedy on Foxspewed the same liberal crap thatJeff Sessions is a Racist His record as Alabama AG is replete with Anti racist examples
Our citizens have been done great disservice by these radical9th CircutCourt judges putting us all at risk of terrorists from broken nations
It is unlikely that Prez Trump will ever get a fair shake from 9 th Circut so he should bring appeal to US SupremeCourt More logic prevail ?
9th CircusCourt is a collection radical leftwing activists on left coast that usetheir ill gotten positions promotingtheir political agenda
Greater issue here is whether Judge Robarts usurped the power of the Presidency in violation of the US Constitution andStatuteLaw Dangerous
Whether you like the ban or not question is a legal question as to interpretation of what the law  is is crystal clearJudicial interference
The ninth circuit court ignores actual statute law empowering the president in questions of protection of the citizens of the United States
So who do you think has better intelligence as to terror threats coming from foreign nations s judges in far off Washington state or US Prez
Judicial activism on all levels is becoming way beyond legal bounds of what judiciary's powers begin or end Their decisions vs Constitution
The ninthCircuit Court the most liberal activist federal bench again legislate from the bench way beyond their authority upholds lower court
It could beMcCain and syros happened to be in the same place at the same time and just spoke brieflyWe need to no the circumstance of photos
Americans have great respect for John McCain but we really must know why he would even be with George Soros that despicable anarchist
Exactly what was SenJohnMcCain doing meeting with that disgracefulRadical anarchistGeorge Soros?He must tell us who supported him forPREZ https://t.co/czy3IUPy3r
Jeff Sessions confirmed US AttorneyGeneral54-47 Thus rancor by the likes of Warren Franken Schumer only causes more partisanism
Those7nations in the travel ban are without functional government systems able to produce reliable information on immigrants backgroundSayNO
Liz "Pocahontas"Warren unpresidented negative diatribe about fellowSenate colleague was found out of order and she was silenced by theSenate
Strap on the dynamite as hearing for Jeff Sessions as AG beginsExpect contentious blabber Some Dems privately like &amp; respect him but vote no
You and Dems are so frustrated that You can't stop GOP you will say anything Get use to it Sec Devos will change Education for the better https://t.co/NVEPMJNAbg
Circuit Court represents a district not the entire US Laws are made by Congress not by appointed judges Democrats are abusing the system
President of US byLAW has the authority to issue a ban on ANY people if its his concern for harm to citizens Why is a circuit court involved
Secretary Devos is for vochers charter schools school choice local control no common core edicts from federal government She will change Ed
Betsy Devos as education secretary is confirmed after all the worthless opposition The people are watching how the Democrats are floundering
People don't like what mean spirited actions byChuck Schumer Pelosi and The Democrats are taking at every turn in the approvalof the cabinet
Only4 of 15 Cabinet members have been approved because of Democrats useless efforts to attack every nominee even well qualified It hurts USA
Betsy Devos favors school choice charter schools local curriculum control changing our failing schools Schumer &amp; Dems are out of order
The left has a huge fear that the coalition between Teachers Union &amp;Democrats will be crippled by Betsy Devis becoming Education Secretary
Votes on Trump cabinet picks will move today Good chance every nominee will be approved even after Dem attempts to stop Mean spirited antics
Any action leading to saving jobs has to be top priority even if not as acceptable as opponents like Unions inAC Causing shut downs is craft
Atlantic City needs development helpMoves to aid any positive moves to save businesses like TajMahal were attacked by Democrats and Unions
NJ StateSen Sweeney tried to pass bill denyingTajMahal a casino license for 5 years if closed to punish Carl Icahn owner Gov Christie vetoed
Lady Gaga does a great halftime show with no political commentaryCheers Congrats NE Pats What a game!!!
Indeed https://t.co/hC4h62JyQH
Its official todayEveryone has to take a break from partisan fighting and concentrate on America's 2nd greatest past timeSuper Bowl Football
Why doesn't she just shut up and sing That's why she is there Not to give lessons in morality And use your real name now Nice Italian girl https://t.co/otZmkF5kte
Strong words followed by strong action against Iran's aggression is the only way to give enemies notice that there is a new administration
President Trump's choices for cabine now is moving along and getting approved This is necessary for the government to begin moving forward
Power of persuasion doesnot include destruction of property or physical attacksChanging minds is done by process of intellectual conversion
So many nations who hadgood intentionshaving their citizens in jeopardy because of failing to prevent terrorists from entering with refugees
Noone is being ultimately denied entrance toUSA unless they don't comply with our regulations During the great 1900s migration some rejected
Let's put this temporary ban on immigrants coming from nations with terror groups in perspective Its120 days so new type vetting can be done
It is not a coincidence that the riots atUCBerkeley and other areas have the element of funded operations hiring anarchists to disrupt peace
Suspicion that George Soros is having organizations he controls fund masked uniformed anarchists with crowbars and firebombs creating chaos
Same black uniformed anarchists that were burning and destroying things during inauguration show up atUC BerkeleyThese terrorists are paid
Why would Obama agree to take in 1200 Australian reject refugees that they felt not worthy to enter the country but OK for USA
It is obvious Iran's missile launch was provocation meant to test president trump they best be careful of what they wish for He is no Obama
Senate Democrats ploy to delay processing cabinet nominees of President Trump should face some sort of penalty for not doing their jobs
If Senate is refused to show up for critical hearings on the new cabinet for the president of the United States should they be docked pay?
That moron Al Franken broke Senate decorum by attacking absent Sen TED Cruz during Sessions hearing Franken is a national embarrassment
Rex Tillerson approved as Secretary of State by a moderate 56 votesAgain an example of radical Dems feeding bitter unwarranted partisanship
Radical partisanship during reign ofSen majorityleader HarryReid in concert withBarack Obama created nuclear optionDems need to live with it
After all the political posturing the hoopla thedog and pony shows protests all of theTRUMP nominees will be appointed&amp; serve this President
Most Americans think Prez Trumps cabinet picks are fine as well as Scotus Now the politic angle  Democrats feel compelled to object to Trump
ChuckSchumer is so venomous &amp; radical he voted no ElaineChao &amp;everyTrump nominee Leadership? He is a moron who can't fathomNO Dem POWER inDC
ElaineChao former Bush Cabinet member confirmed by U.S. Senate as transportation sec  93 to 6 ChuckSchumer voted no she is SenMcConnell wife
Based on his education &amp;hus sterling carrer SCOTUS nomineeJudge Gorsuch is most highly qualified to replace JusticeAntoninScalia His legacy
The spirit of United States supreme court justiceAntonin Scalia lives on what denomination of Judge Gorsuch as his legacy&amp; Our Constitution
Democrats are AOL onSenate hearings for cabinet posts for no good reason This partisan action without reason shows why they are OUT of power
SenateDemocrats face prospect of legacy of former Senate majority leaderReid asGOP considers "nuclear option" for appointment toSupremeCourt
Seems that the Democrat appointee who was the acting AG miss understood that the President of the United States is the boss Your Fired!! DJT
Although there is absolute legal precedents for the order that Prez Trump gave on immigrants actingAGSallyYates said she morally opposed  it
Prez Trump just fired Obama appointed acting attorney General Yates after she politicized the temporary order for emigrant ban Great Move
@BretBaier Honest&amp; Trustworty Bret His intelligent commentary is informative and covers important issues each day. Great program
US has been inactive contiunuos War on Terror since 9-11 attack Why wouldn'tPrezTrump appoint seasonedGenerals to cabinet posts?Common sense
Minnesota Dem Senator Amy Klobucar criticize the  temporary ban on immigrants yet 14 Minnesota refugees have been arrested for terrorism Duh
You don't need to be popular to be right Prez Trump seeks to protectAmericans  As ban was implemented Canada had jihadist terrorists murder5
Of the350,000 only109 were detained then admitted of non citizens coming from terror nationsDemSenShumers "crocodile tears" were Ridiculous
Obama cannot process that he is the cause of the upheaval in this nation against theDemocrats for the last 8 yearsAmericans repute his views
Obama will likely becriticizing PresidentTrump had every opportunityfrom now on in because of his enormous deflated ego by causingGOPmandate
As anticipated ex president Obama broke with tradition of not criticizing your successor after10 days GW Bush never criticized Obama Too bad
ExPrez Obama couldn't wait more than 10 days to start criticizing PrezDonald Trump  TRUMP is cleaning up his mess &amp;Barack should stay silent
The hoopla over the travel ban imposed byPrezTrump as he stated in campaign fails to note it is for only a few weeks as a new vetting begins
Roughly109 people were detained&amp;most havealready beenreleased before 24hours at airports from countrieswhich have beenBanned  dueto security
Urgency of issuing order banning entry from people coming from known nations with terror history had to be done without notice for security
Democrat partisanship is running so high  that regardless of who Prez Trump chooses for Supreme Court they will oppose Likely nuclear option
US Intelligence sources have warned that as ISIS is forced back losing territory they send terrorist to Europe&amp;US Trump will shut borders
What confidential intelligence didPrezTrump have that prompted him to order a ban &amp; order extreme vettingIsISIL sending terrorists enmasse?
No big surprise that Prez Trump put a limited time ban on some MidEast people coming to USA He said he would The rollout was notwell planned
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congratulations Secretary Mattis! https://t.co/mkuhbegzqS
Is the trade off for building the wall with Mexico is losing some of our export but not having influx of drugs criminals&amp; UNVETTED  illegals
What will happen if Prez Trump imposes a 20% tax on some imports from Mexico ike cars tequila and toasters ?Americans won't buy  So what
Waterboarding is certainly a very extreme temporary means of intelligence Beheading is a much  more "permanent action Also blinding maiming
Waterboarding is certainly not a pleasant condition but some say it has been effective in the most extreme cases of intelligence gathering
Every nation has different definition of tortureUSA never used  kind of despicable interrogation techniques that would be defined as torture
March for life in Washington DC speaks well for those who look to use common sense to preserve lifeThis is as important as the woman's march
RT @mikandynothem: Trump's 20% tax on Mexican goods is genius! I wasn't sure how he would make Mexico pay for it. The 20% tax is perfect!…
RT @wordsmithdave: "We are never defeated unless we give up on God." ~ Ronald Reagan https://t.co/wtdcO39hvj
RT @ConstanceQueen8: Describes Terrorists As	Sneaky Dirty Rats	Such Honesty	Refreshing 2 Have POTUS	Call It As It Is	#MakeAmericaSafeAgain…
British PM May articulated that special relationship between her nation and US She seems to be extremely capable and charismatic
It is usual &amp;fitting that many people in various positions of government that were appointed to resign when a new administration takes power
FoxNews Shep Smith seems less than thrilled with President Trump While  he has not been insulting his feelings on notably cold Maybe trouble
Mexican Prez Nieto seems to be less than diplomatic when he communicates with Prez Trump His nation relies on US for thier economy Careful
United States has never committed to torture as a regular form of intelligence gathering and never will Are there special circumstance?
Is really necessary for our government to explain exactly what we would do to furfill obligations to gather intelligence that save lives
President Trump has hit the ground running it's amazing how much getting done every day and his approval ratings are rising because of it
Nationalism in defense of our freedom is no vicePrezTrump vows to put our interests before some convolutedGlobalization conceptWeThe People
President Trump gave the nations reality check The "Carnage" is real five prevent increase in murder rate Big cities big increases In crime
Finally XL Pipeline &amp; others approved by PrezTrump Jobs and enhance reduction in oil costs as well as reduction in dependence onArab oil Win
Would installing a small EmbassyAnnex inJerusalem be as controversial as moving the entire Embassy from Tel Aviv ? Prez Trump is considering
White House correspondent askedSean SpicerPress Secretary day1 if he will always tell truth Where was he for 8years with lyin'JoshEarnest
Heavy snowfall across US northern tier Somewhat usual but such snowfalls repeated in Sicily ,Italy very unusual Questions climate warming
PrezTrump had a great 1st day It showed he is not waiting but vigorously working to make progress quickly Titans of biz Unions all positive
RT @POTUS: Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs &amp; national security. Top executives coming in at 9 A.M. to talk manufacturing in Am…
What an amazing array of peoplePresidrntTrump had at WhiteHouse today for meeting He had the captains of business &amp;the unionsAll optimistic
Madonna has spent last several years living in her grande estate in England virtually abandoning her American citizenship Her career falters
Senator Schumer (D-NY) is desperately trying to create chaos in a move to appoint those chosen for Trump Cabinet He is no longer relevant
Director Brennan is bitterthat he wasnt asked to stay on but Clapper wasSo heinsults PresidentTrumpHad  Brennan done a good job maybehestays
Now most of various events are over Now the business of government is to get back to business of governing Posturing &amp; bloviating must cool
The framers of the Constitution. &amp; Bill of Rights We incredibly intelligent These foundations last thru the ages even the Electoral College
The Woman's March is another symbol of what is right with America Everyone has a voice and can peacefully assemble That's Constitutional 🇺🇸
RT @DrLee4America: #WomensMarch #Liberals "talk" 	#StrongWomen DO	@KellyannePolls broke "glass ceiling" w/hard work, competence, courage, F…
To all youPinheads &amp;Malcontents who boycotted theTrump Inaugural you missed a glorious historic event that made our nation proud GodBlessUSA
Schumer had no standing to smell up Trump Day He spewed his mostly partisan bushwa longer than the Prez to a chorus of Boos and Shutups
NYDemSenChuck Schumer was NOT scheduled to speak at Trump inaugural But he make a huge stink about BI Partisan event &amp; cost he snuck in late
TheCity ofWashington DC was transformed this day into stage on which an entirely new political order has taken place lead by President Trump
America joins in to prayGods Speed to our new leader President DonaldJ Trump as he takes reins of government ushering in a optimistic future
America witnessed the swearing in of Donald J Trump 45 President of USA His words rang out across the world that's new era has begun
CommunistRedChina Prez at UN Swiss meets calls for cooperation globally but he try's to take S China Sea End pollution but China is #1 at it https://t.co/sjkwNace6t
RT @sunny: Wait. Did @realDonaldTrump just call @KellyannePolls "Baby"???? I. Just. Can't. https://t.co/pEcbZ7JEBV
RT @AmericanMex067: The Make America Great Again welcome celebration was emotional, beautiful. AMAZING. Fireworks! 	#TrumpInauguration http…
ThoseDemocrats who boycott America'sInauguration is not as much an insult toPETrump as intended but an insult to all Americans &amp; the process
Washington DC has transformed into a patriotic display welcoming the millions to the 58th Inauguration of our 45th President A sea of flags
Trump scalded Chinas policies of unequal trade&amp; vows to force a major shift to balance US has not benefited for decades but China flourishes
CommunistChina'sPresident Xi rhetoric in full support ofGlobalization &amp;tradeRumored thatTrumps new policy worriedXi economic view for China
If every exPrez accept PE Donald Trump as thier leader it speaks volumes to the American Election process Any deviation is not legitimate
Everyliving exPresdent &amp;1stLady will honorInauguration of President Trump exceptGeorge HWBush &amp; Barbara as hospitalized  but sent  congrats
RT @DLoesch: The left is puzzled at how to attack MLKIII like they did Steve Harvey and others who met with Trump.	https://t.co/XarJYYHfVx…
So many inblack community have spoken up about the positive messagePE Trump has been sending to help inner cities MLK III &amp; other family too
RepLewis is creating a schism betweenDemocrat party and New PresidentTrumpAfter Dems losing Senate&amp; House too this makes no sense Russians ?
RevisingVeterans medical care must include vocher system where any vet can chose any accredited hospital with use of a VA card for treatment
@sportzboxNFL playoffsNJ broadcast center suffered major water damage but immediate action resolved massive flood issue sothe shows go on
DeferredAction (DACA)was an executive order that was questionable as to legalityIt entices some who would havetried to come inlegally not to
Imagine the job creation and economic boom to the United States with companies like SpaceX making great strides in space for other firms
The launch ofSpaceX rocket today and it's Reentry and landing is future of safe space use &amp; big boost to future in space by private firms
DemJr SenCoryBookerNJ did his quest for traction as a viable President candidate did himself no good by using his testimony vsJeff Sesssions
Democrat leaders in Washington desperate to try to spend some sort of concocted excuse for why America rejected HillaryClinton &amp; senate loss
Those boycotting the transition of the American president showing the peaceful nature of this great nation oughtto be ashamed of themselves
The American people soundly rejected Hillary Clinton because she was terribly flawed and had a  negative background not because of Russia
DemocraticCongressman Lewis ought to look at the2016 nationwide election results from the president to the rest of ballotsDemocrats rejected
Democrat Congressman Lewis makes a outrageous statement that President electDonald Trump is not a legitimate president He insults the office
Questions about "legitimate Presidents"go back to colonial days when Congress confirmedAdams JFK had unusual "help" fromMob Bush-Gore Trump?
PerhapsCongressmanCummings long &amp; notable career as a black leader inCongress is becoming far too partisan to continueAge too Time to retire
2016 election was justcombination of the last four cycles which chose to oustDemocrats&amp; electRepublicans from top to bottom without Russians
Not only did Trump win but there was a big win by GOP across-the-board Congress Senate governorships state houses
Hillary Clinton actually got roughly 1,300,000 more votes than Donald Trump that's less than 1% so really it's not indicative of imbalance
HillaryClinton had so many negatives that only diehard liberals&amp;those who would never voteGOP wouldn't care Cal NY brought her 1.3 over DT
Regardless of issues aboutFBI ComeyRussia Putin whatever people were not swayed after a year &amp; half of campaignsBernie would have beat Hilly
Trump won because he got people who never vote out to pollsThey would NEVER would have voted forDems either for Hillary or for a DemSenator
RT @TrussElise: Jackie Mason Destroys Meryl Streep's Anti-Trump Globes Speech https://t.co/0N23XOaa1t via @BreitbartNews
RT @JasonMillerinDC: Strong! "Mike Pence to be sworn in by conservative Justice Clarence Thomas https://t.co/GkHnj93AkB via @HuffPostPol"
Cubans who risk thier lives to come toAmerica should be given due consideration ifthey are fleeing for political asylumNoWet foot dry foot ?
None of the Trump nominees can be confirmed until he is srorm in as President
There is great hopethat nearly100 millionout of work will soon have opportunityto go backto work as corporateAmerica rushes to reinvest here
Troubling that US would resort to assisting terror Group's to supposedly facilitate some greater good Why is there no public expose'?
Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (D) Hi said US government is providing weapons &amp; intel to terror groups including AlQueda&amp;;ISIS to topple Assad
Petulance?Or is It strength &amp; confidence of a successful  person in life who doesnt suffer fools like CNN reporter trying to insert himself https://t.co/scuWLHbtWy
Is it really necessary for America's 1st blackPresident who was supported in 2 elections by white majority to raise race issues again?He won https://t.co/Yv57autevY
Congressman Mike Pompeo nominee for CIA Director has strong bipartisan support and will sail thru approval
SomeDemocrats seem shocked Obamacare is going to be repealed when they never broughtGOP in to form itACA is collapsed New care act will come
General Mattis USMC has commanded troops been in battles is fully aware of the many enemies the United States faces and will defend us
The choices ofGeneralMathis and CongressmanPompeo to be cabinet members are excellent based on their background and experienceConfirm surely
Trump always had good relationship with media ,even liberals until he ran and wonPresidency If only they were fair with him  he would be too
Jeff Sessions had no problem showing he is highly capable and will be a strong AG He blew away racist allegations as lies He will sail thru
RexTillerson nominee forSec ofState comported himself as seasoned professional &amp;an ableStatesman with notable gravitasUS is lucky to get him
Most conventional media don't know what to do aboutPETrump not playing by their rules He doesn't care what they think so they can't stand it
Since 90 percent of print media and most tv journalists are liberals they have their hair on fire that Obama ,who they adore will be gone
So Buzzfeed can put out any fake stories with no recourse So then CNN is ok with quoting them?It meets some naratives for liars &amp; phonies
Afghanistan remains active war zoneTaliban continually gaining groundAlQueda usesfor safe haven to reconstitute Obama sent 300 moreUS Troops
Who is in control when fake news slanders people? What systems preventing such reports fail Who answers?
Regardless of protests and rancor by some who were once comfortable with  predicted outcome of 2016 Elections did not turnout US moves ahead
We can watch confirmation hearings &amp;questioning on proposed cabinet members chosen byTrump onTV No other nation  is so transparentRemarkable
Two police officers die on Police Apprecation Day a sad note These Cops stand between us and criminals as our defense &amp;isomer die doing it
Confirmation hearings continue but the reality is that GOP controls enough Senate votes so that all will be confirmed Even some Dems will OK
NoUS senator has ever testified against nomination of an attorney generalNoviceCoryBooker is sticking his nose in where it doesn't belong
Eric Holder &amp; Loretta Lynch were Obamas partisan lackeys till the end Sessions has a career of equal justice He is fully qualified &amp; vetted
As the US economy picks up steam it diminishes the ideas that those who compete with us as powerful nations are our equals They are not
Putin has serous economic issues to deal with If Trump does enact even greater oil gas &amp;coal exploration That will depress energy prices
Kahlid Sheik Mohammad is still alive in Gitmo He orchestrated 9/11 &amp; thousands died Why on earth is he still on this earth
Hopefully this is just the start of bringing back the US Auto industry  which creates so many big paying jobs https://t.co/YuHgtIBvUr
RT @WalshFreedom: "Making movies isn't difficult. Send your son to Iraq. That's difficult."		Love me some #DenzelWashington 		https://t.co/…
Hollywood had vested interest in electingHillaryClinton they also had an invested interest since hundreds of millions of dollars was donated https://t.co/3ui6xb0hm0
Trimps  choice ofFriedman for ambassador to Israel was criticized because he did not have previous experienceCarolineKennedy had none either
Every one of the cabinet choices made by Donald Trump a serious accomplished individualsDemocrats &amp; other critics bloviate &amp; puffup So what!
The vehicle attack in Israel today killing4 &amp;injuring scores may put any chance of the peace far awayPalestinian was shot dead Hamas&amp;ISIS?
More radical dangerous Gitmo terrorists being released at 11 th hour by Obama This is a direct slight to PE Trump who won't release any more
She is simply exceptional Trump has a tremendous asset in Kellyanne https://t.co/uc5bfpqcFU
Trump dies not heap praise onPutin as liberal media constantly states He respects his enemy because he has bambosledObama for8 years Caution
There should be immediate exposing of every foreign nation hacking when it happens We find out months after it happensMany nations spy onUS
Judge Jeanine should vet her guests before giving morons &amp; maniacs free airtime to spout outrageous AntiTrump venom All other TV shows too
If Trump can be successful at bringing the US economy back &amp; bring back more wealth then donations to charities will also benefit  as well
Eric Trumps foundation has a record that over 90 percent of the $16 million given to StJudes  was a huge record going direct toThe Hospital
We hope that somehow StJudes Hospital &amp; Shriners Hospital will still get big donations that help kids who suffer major illness PC stinks
It seems kind of ridiculous to haveEric Trump eliminate his foundation that have just given St.Jude's hospital over$20 million for sick kids
Schumer faces the Reid legacy of Nuclear Option- simple majority for Senate confirmations and GOP will use it!So Schumer can be a windbag
Looks like there isn't much difference between Dem Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer &amp;former Harry Reid He wants to obstruct Trump
DeathTax really hurts those who don't know hi to protect thier estates Its unfairThe wealth that people accumulate was taxed as they made it
RT @realDonaldTrump: Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think t…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are…
Why would PETrump extend the term of Obamas appointed Ambassadors?Their loyalty to the person who appointed them is absolute &amp;not of GOP &amp;PE
RT @NotJoshEarnest: President-elect Trump declined to extend the President's Ambassadors, which throws a wrench in our plans to sabotage hi…
Building a "wall" as Trump stated with cost reimbursed is some forms by Mexico Tariffs Tax on financial transactions etc Mexico will pay
Trump promises rebuild our militaryupgrade our abilityto prevent hacking increase oil&amp;naturalgas production strengthen ally Israel ProPutin?
Many believe US should use some of the tactical operations that work so well in Israel Obama administration has woefully failed to
Though the Russians tried to denegrate Hillary Clinton but she did that much better all by herself No voting machines were effected at all
Foreign enemies have stolen technology gotten into a government computer systems&amp; our electrical grid  Trump&amp; Pence pledge to deal with it
CIA FBI &amp; NSAhave been aware thatRussians &amp;Chinese &amp; others have been hacking American computer systems for years The outrageNOT STOPPING IT
Republicans as well as the silent majority really dislikeObama because they felt he was the agent to unravel normal America Not personal biz
Do those die hard Obama supporters realize that Trump supporters &amp;most GOP voters have as much distain for Barack as they  have for Donald
RT @VoteTrumpPics: "They (Obama White House) are trying to delegitimize the Trump administration as it goes into the White House." - Julian…
RT @ConstanceQueen8: God Heard The Cries	Of His Ppl	4 Mercy	4 Forgiveness	2 Heal Our Land	May We Seek 	His Face &amp; Wisdom	🙏🏻 4 Our Leaders	#…
Some celebrities won't participate in the 2017 Trump Inauguration for fear it will hurt thier careers and will be Blacklisted by Hollywood
Greta&amp;Meygen  both are out from Fox Tade off was Hume Carlson who did GREAT Sonwhobare the losers?
FirstGretaVanSusteren left Fox &amp;!rumored to go to MSNBC Now Meygen Kelly going to NBC So they go from top rated network to those doing nada
RT @ConstanceQueen8: L👀k Who Is Coming	2 Trump's Inauguration 	Netanyahu Thank U	We Love ❤️ Israel 🇮🇱 	#IStandWithIsrael https://t.co/ODWBk…
Putin tried to veil the fact that his regime is a dictatorship supported by the former KGB &amp; strongmen thugs who took over financial control
Have you noticed that China is rarely indicated as "Communist China"nor indicating that the oligarchical dictatorship is in total control
Itis usual for  an incoming President to  replace his predecessors appointees Surely Trump doesn't want any Obama supporters in positions https://t.co/eTUBCT70zH
ThoughPresident Xi plays Statesman he has been pursuing a tremendous military build up alarming the entire Asian area ieSChinaSea takeover
Communist China's Ci has not indicated any concern about North Korean pursuit of nuclear missiles Kim Jung-un depends on China to survive
Kim Jong-Un rattles saber stating his mission to complete functional long range nuclear missile systems asapSuspicion China may have a hand
2017 is bright shiny &amp; new Promise for a new direction with found values as the foundation Sigh of relief
Mariah Carey had a lipsinc malfunction on Do you CTC show Temper Temper trooper Show must go on!😩
Political Blabmouth was at Reagan Convention and took one of the original posters with his pic and slogan Honest So The Donald left off Lets
Trump is great Hail to new chief BUT check out the posters from theRonald ReaganGOP convention Alongthe bottom "Lets MakeAmericaGreat Again"
A written communiqué can be delivered read and destroyed Gee if Hillary Clinton only knew that a few years ago who knows where she would be
Trump sayswill use written documents sent by courier instead of computer when dealing with highlysensitive material(no way to hack that way)
Happy new year from PoliticalBlabmouth it's been quite a year politically maybe one that never will be matched all's well that ends well
Trump is bringing about a sense not only of a new political era but a renewed confidence in the possibilities of the American Dream Join it
Many nations around the world that see China&amp;Russia as threats to their sovernity look to the newTrump Administration as the counterbalance
SouthChinaSea nations are frantic aboutChinese military incursions &amp; basebuilding in attempt to taketotal control of the critical sea lanes
The nations that backed the Anti Israel resolution in the UN are being questioned as to what US influences came to bear for thier actions
Greek politics are in a turmoil As nation struggles with economic woes and deep debt The Catch 22 they want to exit EU but owe it too much $
French elections soon indicate conservative Anti EU sentiment will prevail Socialists brace for big loss from top spot down Maybe Francoexit
GermanysAngelaMerkel is increasingly unpopular as she faces electionOdds are that her policy of allowing 1 million Syrians in will outst her
Italy sees similar discontent withEU dictating self determination issues like open borders that are blamed for multiple terrorist attacks
Signs indicate Itsly could follow the Brexit fromEU after Renzi resounding defeatPopulist sentiment maychose a conservative in2017 elections
Paolo Gentiloni has been named new PM of Italy until elections in early 2017Former PMRenzi resigned when overwhelming vote vs his changes
San Gennero blood legend usually refers to natural disasters like earthquakes and may be primarily focus on events in Italy ever since 1389
Legend that dried blood ofSanGennaro martyred in 1389 liquefys ever year but if does not signals calamity It did notLast time it didn't1980
Congress is to investigate the hacking byRussian agents They hacked Democrats John Podesta Hillary's chairman emailsChina hacking much worse
China has a high rise office government building filled with Techs whose sole job is to hack our government &amp; industries  Obama does NADA
Why hasn'tObama instituted sanctions against the worse hackerCHINA too Theystole plans for our F35 &amp; stealth submarine props worth $billions
Obama was trying to bait Putin  into a "Pissing contest" but he was not buying instead he let the sanctions&amp;expulsion go waiting for Trump
Obama administration has been powerless to stop the hacking from China Russia North Korea and other nations No serious Solution was devised
Russias Putin shows Obama to be small Instead of diplomacy Obama goes radicalEvery major nation is hacking every other major nations systems
RussianPresidentPutin and Donald Trump are on an even keel when I came to Obama's attempt to create more chaos between them They ignored him
If the UN building was moved to Europe all those operatives with diplomatic immunity would no longer be in the United States We can do it
Obama last days just trying to make himself relevant so he is lobbing hand grenades in a combination of sour grapes obstructionism &amp;revenge
It is ridiculous that Obama supporters are trying to argue that what he's doing at the end of his term is necessary and reasonable It isNOT
Cease fire called inSyriaLikely there is not much to fight over Bombings have destroyed major cities Millions left or died Still ISIS fights
Jackie Evancho to sing at President Trump Inaugural Beach Boys too Hope to see them
@realDonaldTrump please go after laws like the Antiquities Act which have been misused &amp;twisted Obamas move to designate 1.5 million acres
Many believe that all the actions by Obama in these last few days of his presidency is targeting the Trump presidency hoping to create chaos
Regardless of political party if there was evidence of any countryRussiaChina whoever was hackingAmerican systems why did Obama wait to act?
PE Donald Trump is such a class act As much as Obamas last minute machinations beg for a fiery Trump retort The Donald ignores much of it
Obama continues his desperate last minute actions to show hes still relevant up to his last days in officeMany see it as a demented ego trip
RT @TraceyTheisen: Cardinal Dolan to take part in Trump's inauguration https://t.co/g9RlEYt6G9 via @nypost #Catholic #PresidentTrump
Obama enragesAmericans hoping forsmooth transition to Trump Presidency He is soitful and egotistical as he seeks revenge &amp; imposes his views
Obama just won't let go of the powerUN Anti Israel Gitmo releases Anti Artic Drilling Bring in 26,000 Syrians UNVETTED Pardon 150 criminals
The great outrage that now is the accepted line touted by Palestinians from the UN resolution calls East Jerusalem not Jewish lands Oitrage
It is unfortunate that there is no way to restrain a lame duck President from creating world chaos with just several days left in office
@edhenry John Kerry's pompous pontificating How Israel should behave &amp;live his vision Hes a failed Secretary of State&amp; lost a race for Prez
Bebe be patient Israel as the world is about to experience EXTREME SANITY PE Trump will bring back old fashion honor &amp; loyalty EARTHSHAKING
Obama is doing all he can to create havoc for incoming PE Trump as a partisan parting shot know his "legacy" is about to vanish come Jan20
Obama will not go quietly into the nightHe may not far go away from politics at allHis ego just can't take not bringthe center of attention
Obama got Aleppo&amp;Syria off the headlines by churning an AntiIsrael Agenda and sanctions on RussiaAll done by surrogates as he hid in Hawaii
Israel is and has been one of the best allies the United States has in the world as a fellow democracy Obama is not supportive of the ally
Hamas&amp;Hezbollah are Muslim terrorist groups in Palestine that are funded by Iran for the sole purpose of attacking IsraelObama does not care
Trump will support Israel and not 2nd guess how they operate foreign policy or what they do withPalestinians  They will decide their own way
Israel is a sovereign nation How dareKerry&amp;Obama dictate what Israel should do with thier nationHamas&amp;Hezbollah arePalestinian terror groups
How pompous Sec State Kerry is pontificating as to how Israel should deal with Palestinians Who does he &amp; his boss Obama think there are?
Issues between Israel &amp;Palestinians need to issues by themselves not with outside interference byUN They inflamed it This Is a land dispute
Questions as to the future role of USA in the United Nations based on the bias against democratic nations &amp; expences Congress will review
Stock Market moving up to near 20000 based on the election of Donald Trump indication of confidence of better a economy
Carrie Fisher gone at 60 is so sad She was multi talented and a big success even with serious mental issues
Japanese PM Abe is a real clas act He gave a statesman like speech at the Arizona Memorial at Pearl Harbor He is a good ally
Why isObama speculating whether he could or could not beat Trump in an election?ItsOVERHillary lostDemocrats lostObama bears responsibility
Glory to the the new born King Do you get it? Jesus not Trump Trump acknowledged the new King at Midnite Mass Hark the Herald Angels song
Obama brags he would have beatTrump if he could run again BULLFEATHERS! American people are done with Obamas socialism &amp;conceding leadership
US funds22 0/0 ofUN costs with US Taxpayer $ while UN is categorically Anti Amercan  Trump should move it OUT of America now It does no good
Obama stabbed Israel in the back and disrupts New Trump Administration This will undermine US-UN cooperation Calls to move it to Brussels
Part of UN resolution states  East Jerusalem is Palestinian territory includingTemple on the Mount and WailiingWalll Obama orchestrated it
UN resolution calls Traditional  Jewish quarter occupied Palestine lands when Jews have 3000 year history there It was manipulated  by Obama
Jews Democrats Republicans and Israelis are outraged Obamas action  to allow the UN Resolution condemning Israel settlements Trump angry
The lists of the ridiculous government funded projects and programs  every year is absurd Stop earmarks Stop dumb waste  Its OUR money!!
The major part of the suspicion of any hacking of government political party or industry is knowing vulnerability Now do something about it
RT @realDonaldTrump: #MerryChristmas https://t.co/5GgDmJrGMS
RT @PBlabbermouth: Merry Christmas Happy Hanukkah Happy Holidays Seasons Greetings As always prayers for Peace on Earth
BloombergNews has condemned PETrumps foreign &amp;domestic policies even before fully formed as speaking  thru an orfice other than their mouth
Merry Christmas Happy Hanukkah Happy Holidays Seasons Greetings As always prayers for Peace on Earth
@realDonaldTrump many folks want tickets to inaugural ball that Pres &amp; VP appear Need more than 2 events when thousands want to be there
Terrorist who killed so many in Germany moved freely thru3 nations with open borders Europe is spooked Brexit follows in Italy GermanyFrance
@realDonaldTrump Instead of leaving a US occupying force in MidEast nations Turks live in the area and can do peace keeping aided by US help
@realDonaldTrump Key to stabilize MidEast is bringing in NATO lead by USA &amp;Turkish military Erdogan is erratic but has the military to do it
The USA has done the single greatest funding burden for the UN for decades Sen Lindsay Graham former Prez candidate will seek to cut that $
Seems Trump invited all living Presidents to Inauguration but all refused except Obama who is obliged to be at the swearing in as protocol
Obama enraged the Israelis and many in both parties by failing to support a veto of aUN resolution condemning settlementsTrump vows reverse
Putin seemed unfazed byPETrumps comment about expanding nuclear arsenal Liberal media had thier hair on fire!!Our systems are old&amp;outdated
PE Trump picked the smartest person in America as chief counsel We are all so grateful you accepted and your sacrifice in doing so Thank you
Sean Spicer named Trump Press Sectetary He his been there all along so he makes a seamless transition He is a real pro
A same sex couple chose to harass Ivanka Trump&amp; children&amp; husband on a flight They were thrown off the plane These morons are disgusting
Trump sounds like he favors upgrading nuclear weapons systemsGood ideaUnder Obama he froze technology so we are8 years behind other nations
Kellyanne Conway named chief counsel to PE Trump in West Wing A brilliant pragmatist with a vision that "sees around corners" Great choice!
Trump had a dialogue between heads of Boeing&amp;Lockheed and us negotiating costs for Airforce 1 and F35 He is trying to reduce expense
Trump had a dialogue with CEOs of Boeing&amp;L
Now that PETrump is certified will the election fevor of 2016 finally wind down to governing the nation Its time Peace on Earth
Obama has pardoned @ 150 hardened drug dealing criminals most with gun violations &amp; drug kingpinsThey will be coming to a town near you soon
Obamas parting insults to America :Bring in more UNVETTED  Syrians ReleaseGitmo Terrorists Shut down entire Artic Oil Fields TrashTrump Bye
Anthony "Tony Bennett" Di Benedetto turned 90 WWII Army Vet Civil Rights Pioneer Frank Sinatra said Tony has the best pipes in the business
War Hero  WW II Army Air Pilot NY Congressman Ben Gilman 94passed and was laid to rest at NY Military Academy Cemetery at West Point Friday
FormerNYCongressmanBen GilmanR-22 passed at age 94 He served over 30. Years and was a distinguished patriot and world leader w many chairs
America is greatest experiment in actual selfless political concepts as its foundationWhile leaders may not always are successful process is
American who love this nation should also respect the foundations and structure of the natio whether it fits thier own specific views or NOT
Michele Obama said she has No Hope that President Trump was elected The fact is Barack Obama was and is hopeless An UTERLY HOPELESS IDEOLOG
Until ISIS HQ inRaqqua is obliterated their followers will have hope that Jihad continues to be viableObama's total failure inWAR continues
ElectoralCollege certified DonaldTrump as President Lets hope thatDems&amp;naysayers FINALLY shut up &amp; stop the insanity &amp; blame game Hilly LOST
Saudis tobuyUS oil refinerers &amp;use them for own oil exclusivelyTrump will oppose the salesCongress overrode Obamaveto of 9/11 Vic suits vsSA
Saudis were shocked by HillaryClinton loss who was expected to followObamas policy of giving them a pass on support of terrorismTrump won't
NJ stopping required paid print announcements of public records will save multimillions from local governments to stateBigWin for taxpayers
NJ Print Press is stinging over a bipartisan action headed by GovChristie to forgo public announcements in papers but shift to internet only
@newtgingrich Calista whisper to Newt to get the old hair do back The NEW look is NOT the Newt Look We like him as is Hes do smart Even bald
@newtgingrichHey Newt what's with the new hairdo? Wrong moveYou looked great with old doo Why mess with perfection? You don't look like you
There is incredible sense of acceptance asRussians &amp;Assads forces murder children &amp; women to strike fear into civilians in Aleppo OnlyWords
PE Trump understands that Communist China is a ruthless godless dictatorship He will deal with Prez Xi from strength not cower in fear
Democrats playing blame game about loss of Presidency and mostSenate racesItsComey Its Putin Its WhiteSupremacists But oh no notHilly &amp;Obama
Communist China indicated they would attack Taiwan if US does not agree withOne China policy And their sovereignty over the South China Sea
Communist China Navy stole an  USNaval underwater mapping drone An act of war Is this President Xi responding to Trump -Taiwan phone call?
Former EPA Chief&amp; NJGov Christie Todd Whitman dollies Trump pick for EPA as not as an environmentalist but she promotesNuclear Power plants
30 storyhighwind turbineswith blades long as jet plane wings spin at170mph &amp;are accident pronecause fires &amp;collapse last @10 yearscost $2mil
Where is SierraClub protests over Obama allowing his pet wind turbine operators exemption for killing our endangered nation bird Bald Eagle?
The Obama administration is allowing wind turbines to operate for 30 years even if they kill 4200 bald eagles Also endangered golden eagles
No GOP Prez Candidate has won Pennsylvania Wisconsin or Michigan in over 30 years  Trump beat the odds
Celebrities are pushing for Electoral CollegeElectors totry to push presidential selection to US Congress OkThenGOP electsTrump So why do it
Please don't ever have that pinhead from Newsweek back on your program again he's a total moron and is very aggravating he adds  nothing
Ultra Partisan Rep Cummings Dem calls for Trump sellOld PostOfficeHotelDC he just opened InsteadTrump can have his sons take itDemswont stop
Climate warming due in part to natural cycles &amp; due to human activity is a voncern Greater is who is the cause It's clear China India Europe
USA spends $3 billion on the United Nations three quarters of the ENTIRE budget How can that have happened? Total ignorance ? Fraud?What?
Italian Parliment approved new PM Gentolini cabinet interim government hopefully will stabilize banking issues until new elections occur
RT @SpecialKMB1969: Congratulations Rex Tillerson' on becoming the Official Secretary of State #MAGA 	@greeneyes0084 	@MrEdTrain https://t.…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my t…
RT @PJStrikeForce: #TRUMP RIGHT AGAIN! 	"Even Terrorists Have "Rights"	And We Should Respect Them” Obama 😬😳😬To #American People - ??	https:…
CarlyFiorina is a class act No one had more reason to be vindictive than she toward DonaldTrumpShe weighed the issues in a campaign context
Army&amp;Navy joined in an incredibly rousing  rendition of the National Anthem at football game -It was  extremely moving
RT @Darren32895836: Freudian Slip??? Perfidious Numskull @PressSec Josh Earnest says China uh uh I mean The Russians DID IT!😂😘 #Fool #DNCLe…
Fact is Pentagon &amp; White House was hacked many months ago Where is the  investigation China has a government hirise all filled with hackers https://t.co/Jxi9zw01YZ
RT @VoteTrumpPics: Donald J. Trump selects Gen. John Kelly as Secretary of Homeland Security		Congratulations General Kelly  👍		🇺🇸 #MAGA 🇺🇸…
Trump spent a lifetime building his holdings Now he wants to turn it over to his children Is that wrong ?
Amazing that Colombian Government was able to end the 50 year war with rebelFARC Drug infested Cities are flourishingAdman Sokaloff  honored
60 Minutes Leslie Stahl interview withBebe Netanyahu reveals her bias against his views on dealing with the Palistianians Infact a bit rude
No one really cares what she has to say No one wants ANYTHING to do with Sen Harry Reid Just can't wait for this obstructionist to be gone https://t.co/IkJtjQA6rq
RT @ConstanceQueen8: OUCH! Joe Biden Throws Obama Under the Bus "There's no Leader of the Democrat Party" https://t.co/dkhRlShSNN
Every technical innovation thatAmerican genius creates is stolen immediatelybyStateEmployedHackers in China&amp;Russia&amp;Iran &amp;ISIS USGov stop it
USA must bear any expense to completely STOPhacking into every sector of theUS systemCIA NSA FBI must coordinate toSTOP it $Trillions stolen
USA cannot allow any entity to hack our systems - not government, industries,business or individuals China Russia NKorea Iran all do itC-WAR
RexTillerson's experience with in business with so many world leaders as Exxon chief&amp;non political persona maybe a best pick to confirmation
Joe Piscopo is making noises like he may seek GOP endorsement for NJ Governor Not impossible but tough
He is a serial liar and has no place as a TV journalist https://t.co/CXcR8mhir3
Big win Now US Senate can move forward with repealing economical hurtful Obama measures &amp; appoint Trump cabinet &amp; a new justice to SCOTUS https://t.co/iIjUhHESgS
Liar&amp; Blowhard he should be off the air Permanently https://t.co/CXcR8mhir3
SUICIDE bombers kill scores in Turkey&amp;Yemen Until ISILs HQ is overtaken and a really well equipped ground force is set loose it won't stop
Atlantic County NJ assemblyman CHRIS BROWN is is being encouraged to run for the NJ SenateSenate A former combat vet he is huge vote getter
Democrats are looking for excuses as to why election was tilted by some outside force Not true Trump resonated with American people HRC Not
So much political blabber about the effect of outside sources like Russia causing the loss of Hillary Clinton Donald Trump won the election
Trumps campaign manager KellyanneConway south jersey gal distinguished herself as first woman to ever run a successful presidential campaign
AtlanticCityPress again shows it's disgusting radical partisanship i.e.headline Loveher or hate herConway coming toHammonton paradeKellyanne
Trump has asBush''43 did seesTaiwan as a sovereign nation much to chagrin of ruthlessCommunistChina's self proclaimed OneChina idea No more
Liberals are aghast atPrezElect Trump phone call with TiawanPrez TsaiIng-Wen fearing "unraveling" of relations with Communist China Too Bad
Liberals are aghast at
RepKeithEllisonDNCChair hopeful may be in deep trouble In 2010 speech he uttered rabid anti-Israel rants Know as ally of radical LFarrakan
De-Nile PeopleMag Dec issue featuresObamas on cover &amp;lengthy year end edition Also pic Hillary Clinton in most intriguing NO TRUMP new Prez?
PresidentElectTRUMP's ThankYouTour is upbeat &amp;positive It enhances the election outcome and provides those who seek change a peek at future
John Glenn lived a storied life and reached 95 years A full life?Really
KellyanneConway Donald Trump campaign manager will be grand marshal at the Hammonton New Jersey holiday parade she is a local mom now celeb
It is protocol for theSenate to throw roses to a long serving member who is retiring While Joe spent many years there he didn't do much good https://t.co/tBAWYIOESp
RT @knightnocturna1: Remembering our GREATEST generation. Always striving to catch up to meet that greatness with our own. https://t.co/fdC…
ObamaAdministration info indicatesChinas emissions in 3 weeks is more than US in a yearChinese are dying from foul airBut they won't curb it
Its not a question of the extent of actions by people on climate change Its who pollutes the air China India Russia &amp; Europe 97percent  US 3
ExGen.Kelly knows war 1st hand zHe also knows the cost of war having lost a son in action in Afghanistan https://t.co/TOboZ3jVMK
Really how insignificant is Time magazine How many readers?Uh fewer every year Who buys it ? Doctors Dentists and Psychiatrists offices!
Appointing a former General as head of Homeland Security is precisely what we need as the nation IS under attack from many quarters at once
RT @bocavista2016: #FakeNews say #Trump is "President of the Divided States"		They look pretty UNITED to me		https://t.co/mwOhXbwRVQ	Person…
@guadalupewmjya1 ??are you there?
Congressman Schiff accusing Carlson of caring water for Putin .Outrageous
Congr.Schiff "TuckerCarlson &amp;other Republicans "carry water for Putin"Blames hacked emails forClinton loss!He forgot Hillary was unelectable
They insinuate "a Divided America" as well If so it was done on Obamas watch https://t.co/UNY4PYl7Gz
Over $25 billion is sent from Mexicans in US back home Those funds never reach the American economy though gotten here Trump will stop it
Typical wrong way ideas BloombergBizweek urges Obama to attend funeral of CommunistDictatorCastro as a show of detente Insane IdeaBad forUS
Remember Pearl Harbor 12-07-41 America never forgets the attack and the many American lives lost Thereafter ever vigilant !
Joe Piscopo on Neil Cavuto yesterday He was funny but also made sense He knows Trump and have jim a fair shake
Wacky socialist mayor of New York de Blasio is blaming Donald Trump for a rise in hate crimes in the city of New York  He needs to retire
StateFarmInsurance accused of having their adjusters switch wind claims they were obligated to pay to NationalFlood Insurance i.e. Taxpayer
If PennStste beat Ohio State how is it that they are passed over for the National playoffs but Ohio goes Commitee decided but not explained
Difference between Donald Trump &amp; others who have basically been career politicians is that they don't make anything Everything is abstract
RT @KellyannePolls: This is just embarrassing. #Recount2016 https://t.co/Aq1bb409z3
Taiwan considers itself a sovereign nation even if China disagreeThusTrumps phone call with PM Wen sends message toChinaUS doesn't wither
Does 1China policy include invasion &amp; takeover of sovereignTibet &amp; Manchuria ?Or Taiwan or bombing Quemoy&amp;Matsiu $Trillions of theft hacking
Great choice He is extremely intelligent and will be an asset to the Trump team He is pragmatic and has administrative skills https://t.co/kRb0iLWzdW
ImagineWorldWar II was won by the Allied forces in less than4 1/2 years theWar on Terror has been going on over16 years with no end in sight
December 7 marks the75 anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese and America entering into World WarII US won 4 years later
Trumps assistance in the Carrier air conditioning action has a larger message Tax rates are too HIGH on business in US -temporary fix isOK
Caring Hospice is using animals as comfort for seriously ill patients everything from dogs to horses It is incredible successful in calming
An amazing therapy An organization is having injured vets train dogs and interface with them as therapy for vets it is incredibly successful
Every section of the distressed military is about to be brought back to top grade in materiale men and technology Rebuilding will start now
Trump is focused on finding ways to reinvigorate rust belts economy and bringing back jobs from overseasRegulations will be reduced Tax cuts
UScompanies will be encouraged to bring back overseas earnings by reducing taxation on those fundsThat will cause reinvestment hereMore jobs
China dumps products on US markets below cost constantly.It forces US manufacturers to either close or layoff to competeUnfair Trump sees it
Mexican wages at$3 an hour do not reflect the skill levels of theAmerican worker at$20 but currency values play a big part in the difference
Wage inequity between US workers and Mexico is $20 an hour vs $30 Others are Vietnam Philippines &amp; other nations Tariffs are the equalizer
Trump gave$7 million in tax breaks toCarrier to save 1000 jobs of working TAXPAYERSThey will make that up in thier own income taxesGoodDeal
US politicians that feared RedChina has lead to such egregious actions by the CommunistRegime without retributionNO MORE Trump sends message
America should be cheering DonaldTrump for his recognition a democratic TaiwanThis Anti communist stance is consistent withUS foreign policy
Island of Taiwan considers itself a free democratic nation not aPart ofRed ChinaChinaCANNOT forbid a US Prez to do ANYTHING Trump shows grit
PrezElectTrumps "unofficial" contact withTaiwan sends CommunistChina a message No more pushingUS around Trump is unpredictable Xi is nervous
President elect Trump contacting President  of Taiwan is not an official act of foreign policyTrump knew what he was doing Message to China
He blew it upNear 40o/o out of workforce near $20 Trillon debt Burden of thousands of regulations choking development &amp; more https://t.co/Pu2HL0KGmq
America is at war withTerror &amp;has been for over 16 yearsTrump bringing in three militarymen in key positions is out ofnecessity not vanity
Dust up with GOPTrump peeps&amp;Dems over cause of Hillary loss Fact is Trumps foibles were overlooked but his message resonated &amp; hers did not
If Italians reject PM Renzi  constitutional change Sunday he will resign Likely the five star movement will take over looking to exit the EU
Italy votes onSunday to decide ifPM Renzis move to remove the elected350 Senate to a 100 member appointed one &amp; leave650elected lower house
Russian bombers continue to destroyAleppo &amp;are killing people in their way to get control forAssad They bomb Rebel areas not attacking ISIL
Nearly40% ofAmerican workforce no longer is looking for workThey are not paying taxes&amp; live fromGov Now national debt is near $20 trillion
RT @healthandcents: GENERAL "MadDog" Mattis	BRILLIANT CHOICE for SEC DEF🇺🇸🇺🇸	Thank you, #PresidentElectTrump, 	what a Christmas GIFT to #AM…
RT @VoteTrumpPics: Donald J. Trump selects James “Mad Dog” Mattis as Secretary of Defense.		Congratulations General Mattis  👍		🇺🇸 #MAGA 🇺🇸…
RT @ChristieC733: General James "MAD DOG" USMC #mattisforsecdef 		ISIS brace yourselves...		#ThankYouTour2016 	#PresidentElectTrump https:/…
DonaldTrumps enthusiasm is becoming epidemicHis infectious optimism is capturing notice ofAmericans who never really were political minded
Trump names Marine Gen Mattis as Defense Secretary &amp; compares him to Gen GeorgePatton hugely flattering to compare to a true national hero
Trump is boisterous inNewYork fashion he has an incredible swagger an unconventional speaker yet speaks with clarity now he's winning hearts
Profound idea  lead follow or get out of the way Leadrefusing to accept responsibity vacillating "from behind"is NOTleading at all It ends
PresidentTrump speaks with both enthusiasm&amp;passion like we have not seen in a decadeHe is beginning to restore our national prideLongOverdue
Presidentelect Trump speech inOhio proclaims againAmerica first concept &amp;the individuality of nations simplistic but profound ultimate truth
Uber Liberal late NY CongressmanCharlie Goodell offspring Roger Got a $44 million dream job NFL head He is mum on most issues even Kapernick
Condy Rice as in Condolezza Rice Don't trust voice print!!!!
Bush Sec of State Cindy Rice had a "meaningful meeting" with President Elect Trump even after she called for him to drop out months ago Hmmm
Even before he's sworn in DonaldTrump began keeping his promises by negotiating withCarrier air-conditioning to stay inUnitedStates1000 jobs
Speculation swirls about the top picks by President Trump Sec of State,Defense biggest ones PressSecretary too No more this week Media boils
Prescient Obama an interview with The Rolling Stones blames Fox News in part for the demise of the DemocraticParty &amp;losses over three cycles
Republicans quietly are very happy with the fact that NancyPelosi will continue her leadership of Democrats They view it as more fracturing
Money has been called the mothers milk of politics That maybe so in many instances but Trump has proved it's not the only measure of victory
Minority leader Nancy Pelosi is known best for attracting a lot of money and not much else as a legislator Younger Democrats are frustrated
A third of the democrat congress voted for the Challenger to NancyPelosi Mr.Ryan 134 to 63 All leadership there are over 76 Too old some say
Donald Trump seems to be moving very cautiously&amp; methodically His picks for the administration leadership /secretaries with great vetting
@ORiellyFactorBill CharlieKirk Is so rightThese professors who spew vile AntiUS or radical ideas should be called out and suffer the fallout
Lucifer opened the gates of HELL wide as Fidel Castro was welcomed with firey open arms There he will burn for eternity penance for his sins
Trump will drasticallyreduce immigrants coming in from high risk nations with history of terrorAny coming will be ExtremlyVetted or rejected
Geraldo Rivera praises DespotFidel CastroSurely he has lost his mind He is an insult to all people but primarily Cubans who suffered so much
Jan20 indeed will be a worldwideCelebration asObama is out of office ending the most decisiveAdministrationEVER All can't wait til he's gone
NORMAL AMERICANS reject Obama fawning over FidelCastro &amp; other Communists as he a Socialist is a Fellow Traveler His actions ARE Dispicable
Prez Trump said Obama will go down in history as the worse Prez in history That is UNDERSTATED but his massive rejection was Trump Election
Obama shows he is a totally misguided ideolog who finds a murdering dictator worthy of US honorFidel Castro but insults Brit Icon MThatcher
The late Brit PM Margaret Thatcher was a great friend of the US She is revered worldwide as a protector of freedom How dare Obama snub her
Obama snubbed our Ally Britain by dishonoring thier nations heroMaggie ThatcherPM funeral but send 2 diplomats to enemy Castro's Disgusting
They cause the collapse of the murdeous USSR avoiding World War 3 Obama was unfazed but honors Commie Dictator Fidel Castro he killed 7000 https://t.co/3hKazqJg3M
Brit PM Thacther partnered with US Prez Reagan &amp; Catholic Pope JohnPaul II
Obama sent no diplomatic contingent to funeral of FormerBritishPMMargaretThatcher icon of democracy but sends one toCommieFidelCastro INSULT
Trump will focus on rebuilding our crumbling militaryThis is one of the worse&amp; most dangerous thingsObama causedMilitary strength deters war
Trump will focus on vast reorganization of the Veterans Administration He won't give up until it is working so NO VET wants for good care
The benefit of a highly successful national economy will be big investment in battlingCancer&amp; Alzheimers More available funds more research
WillRomney be the skunk at the garden party?Would his appointment atState create not bind wounds?Will he do Trumps bidding on foreign policy
CommunistCastro banned anyone fromleavingCubaHisSecretPolice jailed people no trial or killed themNo dissent allowed No words change fact
JimmyCarter Obama TrudeauJill Stein&amp;other misguided liberals laud Communist Dictator Castro in death ignoring tens of thousands he murdered
Raul Castro said he will leave  as leader in 2018 but remain as leader ofCommunistParty Cuba has NO elections Trump won't tolerateObama deal
RepublicanCongressman Darryl Issa(Ca-49) fends off a huge challenge whereBig Dem $funded candidate Applegate campaign made it 5,000 vote win
South Koreas Female Leader Park was corrupt She will need to leave Her father as leader was successful &amp; she used his legacy to get elected
RT @Reagan_Girl: BREAKING: #Communism was dealt a severe blow on November 8. Now it loses a vicious autocrat. #castrodeath 	Let's Make Cuba…
RT @DrSamuelGregg: This, ladies and gentlemen, is what the evil called #Communism looks like: i.e., #FidelCastro and #Che Those praising th…
RT @HipNewJersey: Join @gloriagaynor @JrzyJoePiscopo @OJAnderson24 &amp; @njburkett7 for a #GivingTuesday Facebook Live event on #HipNJ! https:…
Fidel Castro&amp; brother Raul ordered the burning of Roman Catholic Churches &amp; jailed priests nuns and supporters mercilessly until recently
TerroristSomali refugee went on a crime spree atOhio StateU  &amp;was shot to death Renewed calls for Extreme Vetting as Trump will do OVERDUE
Obama took unilateral action in opening relation withCuba He soughtNO backing fromRepublicansManyDemocrats did not support himTrump reverse?
While American people made a big mistake failing to reject Obama after his1st term Trumps  win is a mandate that rejects all that Obama did
Canadian Socialist PM Trudeau spoke in glowing terms about the mass murdererCuban Fidel Castro just because he died Death can't change facts
FollowingBrexitEurope is seeing a upheaval in several nations &amp;possible collapse of theEuropeanUnion as the governments promoted socialism
Germany's Merkel is extremely unpopular She is blamed for the crime &amp; chaos from the influx of UNVETTED Syrian refugees she allowed No fix
French conservative won his party's nomination over moderate LikelySocialist leader Hollande will lose since his administration is a failure
Who is funding Jill Stein's move to recount Presidential election It cannot change outcome Even Hillary now joins her This is a diversion
Many Italians have concerns that PM Renzi seeking to to reduce the elected350 Senate to 100 appointed is a grab for power not to stream line
IlVolo Opera Trio pay homage to the 3 Tenors Pavarotti Domingo&amp; Carraras with concert led by Conductore Domingo in a huge piazza BRAVO
Dec5 Italians vote to eliminate Elected 350 member Senate and make it 100 appointed ones PM Renzi stakes his office on approval
RT @Patrici15767099: Democrats praising Castro are letting Americans know what they wish for American citizens: poverty, enslavement, no fr…
Unforgivable snubs to great Americans He refused  to join world leaders in France after Paris Massacre One wonders what he really believes https://t.co/RmxEKOo5Do
RT @LorenceHud: https://t.co/qtgXnm6mBV
Stein uses the recount to fill her coffers with no chance to change outcome Now Hillary joins her Careful Maybe revisit Lock Her Up!! https://t.co/EiYD0o96UY
The Cuban people have had a very small taste of freedom even as the Communist dictator Raul Castro continues to wield power 2nd Revolution ?
Not much comment out of Russia or Venezuela about death of FidelCastro Only eulogy was by Obama suggesting history should judge him No!We do
Maybe Obama slept thru this He never mentioned it https://t.co/FFcCVgq24Z
Maybe Trump can award Clint Eastwood the Medal of Freedom Posthumously He deserved it https://t.co/53TmvxXwuM
Obamacare passed after Democrats werebribed to vote for itLies about keep your doctor&amp; insurancePlan was it wouldcollapse then Federal plan
CubasRaulCastro says he will maintain his dictatorship until 2018 This probably would not have happened if Obama had left sanctions in place
Educated by Jesuits Castro banned the Catholic Church He killed priests &amp; nuns His soul will burn in Hades His dictator brother fears God
No US diplomat should honor the murder despicable Fidel Castros reign of terror by attending his funeral Cremation ! He should burn in HELL
Obama unbelievably failed to callCastro what he was despicable murderous dictator took the lives of thousands and thousands someAmerican WHY
OpeningCuba toAmerican Commerce only prolongs the Castro CommunistDictatorship We are funding our Enemy as we did in Iran Trump will stop it
Will Raul Castro soften his iron grip on the Cuban people ?Unlikely Until he dies his support by the military keeps him firmly in power
What does the death of Fidel Castro mean to theCuban people?BrotherRaul Castro is still in firm control as dictator He wants US out of GITMO
RT @WEBNtvRodriguez: Fidel Castro is dead and the people gathered here in Little Havana in Miami are celebrating. #WEBN https://t.co/aveuyM…
RT @FightNowAmerica: Fidel Castro was a murderous communist dictator. I guess that's why liberals love him so much.		Andrea Mitchell	Little…
EUfaces real challenges followingBrexit France has a conservative gaining popularityHe favors leavingEU Italy has vote onConstitution change
Appalling need that tmultiple fires in Israel were arsonHamas is likely perpetratorThis grotesque activity will set conciliation back years
Highly intelligent &amp; well experienced in Wash D.C. macFarland is a great asset to Trump Wise choice https://t.co/V9p0LdDSoP
Obama joked about how he disliked having to go thru the pardon of turkey (no Hillary reference here) But nothing about Pilgrims&amp; Indians DUH https://t.co/KEfHRqJQrU
Compelling reason for immediate establishment of SafeCompounds inSyriaIraq and Libya Nations cannot sustain constant refugee waves Do it NOW https://t.co/0O8GUk2XWw
RT @charliekirk11: Be thankful you are waiting in line to get a new TV, not waiting in line to get an old piece of bread. And thats thanks…
RT @TRUMPMOVEMENTUS: "Today, we give thanks for the many blessings in our lives: family, friends, freedom &amp; faith. From our family to yours…
RT @TRUMPMOVEMENTUS: I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROG…
RT @newtgingrich: Betsy DeVos will be great Secretary of Education.her passion for every child having a good education is proven by years o…
MaybeRudyGuiliani is a more comparable fitRomney may take a lone wolf approach  causing unneeded conflicts Both have business entanglements https://t.co/1Flng6v3dT
@5XPAZ Congratulations Vinny on the opening of the movie Great Stuff The Sportzbox crowd can't wait to see it
America has great reason thisThanksgiving to give thanks for all we have Ina world with conflicts death &amp;chaos we remain a beacon of freedom
The world is safded today by the loss of an iconic entertainer and patriotic American Mickey Rooney who passed at age 93 Adieu Mick
Thanksgiving Indeed America has great reason to be thankful The election of a champion of the core beliefs of this nation was its salvation
DrBenCarson is such an honest and principaled man thatAmerica would be so well served if he accepts position ofHUD SecretaryGreat aid toPrez
S Carolina GovNickiHaley -Indian born ofUS citizen parentsCatholic by choice RADICAL &amp;vocal AntiTrump until election - Penalty?UNAmbassador
UberLiberalJournalist ChristineAmapour says she fears Trump will cause PHYSICAL HARM to journalistsHmmm Maybe too much Prozac or Vodka-BOTH?
Trump administration will have an immediate issue to resolve betweenTurkish forces&amp;Kurdish forces inSyria maybe bring in Jordan's Hussein
@orarnp thanks for following Great win by Trump we all share in it PB
Boo-hoo DonaldTrump is bypassing the lamestream media and instead is using social media like Twitter and YouTube no more journalistic scoops
Oh thatFrench designer is the one that Mrs.Obama usesYou  rememberMrs. Obama the one that suggested the policy of inclusion (except dresses)
One French designer refuses to dress MELANIA TRUMP actually making way for 9000 others that would die for the chance Mrs. TRUMP isnt worried
Trump confronts the yellow rag albeitGray Lady NYTimes in a meeting at their offices AMAZING Times DETESTS Trump yet greedy enough for the $
Who could guess  liberalHindu Congresswoman would agree with Trump on involvement in military actions in  Middle East &amp;may end up with a job
Wolf Get s hair cut And while you're at it get a real name what's with Wolf?How about Blitzer what are you named after a reindeerToo bizarre https://t.co/084T6jwezz
RT @FoxNews: .@KellyannePolls: #Trump victory due in large part to backlash against media by Americans. #KellyFile https://t.co/bqmsB4SixK
RT @AnnCoulter: BTW, has Al Sharpton ever even filed a tax return?  He's done the "fire in the office" excuse at least twice.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media…
A gigantic number of business interests have been waiting to see a change inUS government yearning to expand the economyNOW it will explode
RepTim Ryan leavesNancy Pelosi is destroying Democrat party&amp;is willing to take a run for the leadership role in the Congress Pretty gutsy
At least one Democrat realizes that Nancy Pelosi is destroying the Democrat party even though she raises gobs of money Democrats lose anyway
Obama certainly will not retire from public forum although it is protocol for president to do soHe constantly is compelled to defend himself
Vicious mocking of DonaldTrump &amp;members of his family probably won't stop&amp;he will deal with it but expect real pushback if family is target
Liberals are scared to hysteria when contemplate comparing Melania Trump to many other First Ladies  Her elegance charm and grace unmatched
It's been vogue to mock president elect Donald Trump for years Now the liberals can't stop there &amp;mocking MALANIA is ok too but no liberals
GeneralMatthias will seal fate ofISIL &amp;cause Russia'sPutin to reconsider his aggressive ambitions ChinasXi already is whining aboutTrump
If Trump can get a Summit with Turkey Jordan UAE Egypt&amp;Israel a  super coalition with the USA would lead to the end of ISIL
StockMarket likesTrump Its over 18000Wall Street did not support him1 gave $to him butHillary got gobs of bucks from her buds on the Street
The incomingDem Senate MinorityLeader Schumer has an uphill battle because former leader   Harry Reid used the nuclear option so GOP can too
Dallas unstoppable
RT @roycan79: BENGHAZI: Trump would've APPROVED 1ST Security Request. He would've SENT help ASAP. He would've SAVED 4 men's lives. https://…
Trump is really getting down to business In a matter of several days he&amp;his team  are way ahead of schedule in forming a government team
Boycott Hamilton The ranting I cast member and the general inhospitable atmosphere  given to president elect Pence was intolerable https://t.co/X6Olelz5Ga
Bene Grazie Tutti gente Italia-Americano sono motto felice che fare in grande cose e vince Donald Trump Presidente di Stati Uniti https://t.co/MrgcJK4AIy
RT @AmyMek: Muhammad said whoever is caught in a homosexual act should be KILLED!? 		When will the Cast Of Hamilton harass Muslims!? #Boyco…
He was a 1 man wrecking crew Thanks Barry https://t.co/XzLoPbl1qY
RT @VoteTrumpPics: Even a harsh critic of Trump/Pence @StevieVanZandt agrees that what @HamiltonMusical did to Mike Pence was a mistake.		#…
We are all happy Very Happy https://t.co/FMLP8iExm0
BoycottBroadway musical Hamilton because cast members insultedVP electMike PenceHe paid for  ticket only to be insulted personally at finale
How about newsworthy Comments byDNCChair Next RepKeith Ellison who is a Anti Israel Back Louis Farrakhan a racist &amp; other incendiary stances
Russia ever the agressor announces NEW WEAPONRY  Laser Hypersonics RoboticsWhile their economy recesses they build military might US must do
As Inauguration nears there is a sense of optimism taking hold with ordinary folk while AntiTrump crowd willNEVER accept him Just as noObama
If It was not Trump who won the nomination it is likely ANY robustGOP campaign would have been a success Look at the '16electoral map NixHRC
Most egregious is his penchant for spoutingAnti Republican slurs when he is overseas direct violation of protocolThen again whatdo we expect https://t.co/0Yc53IRHql
@CarolsCandy Now its America's turn to bring backSANITY to our government Picks byTrump already show the front end of that effort Great Pics
RT @DiamondandSilk: Congratulations to @SenatorSessions for being pick as the Attorney General.  	We are not listening to the Media.  They…
Candidate for CIA Director Pompeo has stated his views clearly rebuild  our intelligence on the ground &amp; rebuild our military power
SenJeff Sessions is exactly what this nation needs to clean up the crooked Attorney Generals office &amp; Justice Department The charade is over
Fox News JuanWilliams wrong LtGeneralFlynn is prohibited from accepting a cabinet position for seven years after retiring from the military
DonaldTrump NSAappointment of LtGeneralMichaelFlynn shows commitment to bringing in highly experienced &amp; battle tested knowledgeable experts
Obama thinks it's perfectly OK for protests&amp;doesn't even condemn in the strongest terms the violence&amp; rioting that follows He said overseas
Dem Congressman Ellison is seeking theDNC chairmanshipHe starts off by declaring president electTrump deplorable It never changes does it
CongressmanRyan is making a run at MinorityDem leader challenging the aging Nancy PelosiShe claims that the loss by Clinton is not her fault
No president should be "airing dirty laundry" so to be speak i.e. Partisanism - when overseas That has been an unwritten rule forever notBO
RT @ConstanceQueen8: So Grateful That We	Have A New President 	Yahoo 😀😀😀😀	President Elect Trump	Best Thanksgiving Ever	🍁🐿🍂🐿🍁🐿🍂🐿🍁	#ThursdayT…
RT @NewtTrump: Megyn Kelly still biased against Trump, parrots debunked NYT attack on his KIDS... Newt quickly flips it &amp; WRECKS her with a…
China dumps steel &amp;aluminum on US &amp;world markets at subsidized prices &amp;kills competitive commerce Other products as well Need new deals
PresidentTrump must find a way to reimpose every kind of financial sanction  on Iran &amp; get allies to do so until they adhere to new terms
Iran hassystematically breached  deal as well as to ballistic missile test deal  They have no intention to adhere to anydeals unless forced
Worse parts of Iran Nuke deal make it intolerableSelf monitoring of key nuclear sites including secret underground facility is a deal killer
Rumors: Giuliani Sec of State. Col Flynn NSA  We wait for more
That may not be so because Trump is seen as a no nonsense individual that would react very harshly to those who would threaten the USA https://t.co/kufMQLa3Id
RT @SandraTXAS: Just another Democrat media made up story: Trump is NOT behind in timeline of previous prez Appointees #CNN #ABC #CBS #MAGA…
RT @PatVPeters: ABC Poll: 98% Say Hillary Clinton Should Be Criminally Prosecuted – Daily News https://t.co/3kscQbJXxb
No matter how much noise &amp;riots those who protest DonaldTrumps election make he is President of the United States of America for next4 years
Note well that protesters against Donald Trump are in the traditional Uber liberal precincts of the country and on liberal College campuses
Last several presidents took more than six weeks to name the major cabinet positionsTrumps transition team is right on time Media going nuts
MegynKelly actually attacks the hand that feeds her at FoxNews She charges that RogerAiles tried to kiss her &amp; she rebuffed him He was fired
Is Megyn Kelly auditioning  for a job at CNN when she arranged interview with Anderson Cooper about Donald Trump during campaign &amp; her book
Trump transition team is moving along doing what they have to do to4thousand positions that will operate government for the next 4–8 years
There is a 90% increase in the number of illegal aliens crossing the  Southern border Many are trying to get into US before border is shut
Melvin Laird passed at age 94 he was a passionate patriot who served his nation selflessly As senator&amp;Defense Secretary during Vietnam war
HillaryClinton &amp;Obama becry the interference of Russia in presidential election there is no tears shed when the liberal media attacked Trump
Obama could hurt himself by patting himself on the back saying he had a very successful run Facts prove he was a total disaster for US&amp; Dems
Obama said he has no responsibly for massiveDemocrat losses butTrump main attacksObamacare Iran Deal Immigration Regs Executive edictsAll BO
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story.
Requires passage in House Senate &amp; 38 states Won't ever happenConstitutional frame worked for this long Sen Boxer is leaving - parting shot https://t.co/KcCEmjWpqN
Sarkosy will take France back to a logical path on immigration &amp;help to restore a profitable economy based on capitalist principals &amp;US ally https://t.co/Rxl9111tLv
Bridgegate is having a lingering effect onChrisChristie even though he was thetarget of a $10 million dollar investigation &amp; cleared totally
Megyn Kelly seem to be less angry when she was a contributor not an anchor of her own program Is likely how Undoing She interrupts&amp; is rude
Many Portland Oregon protesters did not vote at all It may be that these people would have protested regardless of the outcome Uneducated
Meygan Kelly will likely not remain at FOX News She ascended very quickly but it seems became more aggressive as she became successful
Hillary Clinton sent Chelsea classified emails about Benghazi as a terror attack on unsecured server Trumps son in law can get security ok
The 4adult Trump children are seasoned educated individuals who have been counsel to their father in campaign&amp;should get security clearance
HillaryClinton compromised security in United States I can go either federal office holder Allowing Donald Trump children clearance no issue
Dem MinoritySenateLeader HarryReid made a disgusting and unpatriotic display of himself on the Senate floor as he attacked Prez Elect Trump
Russians bomb  Anti Assad insurgents allied with US forces &amp; Kurds Obama is silent Putin continues to snub US and  aid Assad
Mosul has become a difficult stronghold to conquer from ISILThey are destroying sacred historic sites in City Nimrud some from 9 century BC
As the area that ISIL controls in Syria &amp; Iraq is diminished by Anti forces terrorists come to Europe They will try US too Need border shut https://t.co/QGupdfmdmJ
What will be the fate of sanctuary cities? Will a president Trump find a way to defund these cities until they comply with federal law?
Over40% of all ofeligible voters did not vote in presidential electionDo you think it's because they failed to learn enoughabout candidates?
Ingraham would be a perfect choice Very intelligent experience and with a great personality She would be tough hard cookie in the shark tank https://t.co/XClAzetYyv
@TuckerCarlsonSo glad you got to show you are perfect and upbeat CONSERVATIVE who's got the brains and personalityToo bad you cut this hair
TuckerCarlson new show on FOXTV was well-earned he is bright insightful journalist whose upbeat personality is perfect for news commentary
Bill Bennett for Ed Sec Energy&amp; HUD ? Later Christie Homeland Security  NSA Flynn(or Maybe Defense)
We have 2 Excellent Trump Appointments NowRudy for AG Kelly for Press Sec Newt for Sec State  Bolton UN Defense ? 3prospectsPalin  Interior
RT @LivNow: This is why we have the Electoral College; so the cancer cluster doesn't steer the whole body. https://t.co/AOGTLNBmEe
Reince Prebius was a perfect choice forTrumps Chief of Staff He is even minded professional and politically savvy As the POTUS gatekeeper A1
Bannon was a US Naval Commander Major Company Executive Movie Producer and Media Mogul Quite a resume He also had a good idea how to win https://t.co/KrKciW4TAh
RT @ConstanceQueen8: Hacked Soros Memo: $650,000 to Black Lives Matter https://t.co/D0vYTcj5MO
RT @DavidShaunBurke: "Now the only power needed to restore America's strength is willpower." ~ Ronald Reagan https://t.co/uBHmPAHhSj
RT @LeahR77: Trump Names Steve Bannon as White House Chief Strategist.. Good He's A Loyalist https://t.co/8wvqKu8Vdo #ElectionNight https:/…
RT @FoxNews: Former Campaign CEO Steve Bannon named Senior Counselor to the President. https://t.co/Cyjf2krOtk
Smart Guy Trump will tap him to negotiate trade deals https://t.co/V2LLTcooHq
That's what the uber liberal culture does Sure won't give Trump any quarter https://t.co/7U2mVkafKc
Germans hate her since she opened the flood gates to UNVETTED aliens Crime is rampant She is on her way out https://t.co/xwjrHIil9j
It was DOA with Congress and Trump despised it So did Sanders &amp; Warren &amp;Hilly Only hold out was Barack Everybody's but of step but my Johnny https://t.co/VnK3jyzQTV
If you crave Anti Trump HATESPEECH just turn on SNL It will turn your stomach Deplorable Disgusting and downright Anti American Comedy?NO
Please remove the bust of Sol Alinsky thatObama placed where Churchills stood And put his back Add Reagan&amp; Washington&amp; Abe  Proper Symbols🇺🇸 https://t.co/tpUNXdfLb5
It pains every patriotic American to see desecration of our flag which is the symbol of every thing good in America Just DONT do that ever🇺🇸
Heated discourse&amp;animated debate are hallmarksof the republicAnarchy in any form for anyreason is notThis is a republic but not a banana one
RT @VoteTrumpPics: "Spending time with our Veterans has been the greatest honor of this campaign." - @realDonaldTrump		#VeteransDay 🇺🇸 #Tha…
Donna Braziles staff  told her off After lying about giving Hillary answers  she is responsible for the devastating loss by Clinton Dump her
Democrat Senator Harry Reid ranting and Raven like a lunatic embarrasses the nation and demeans his party No fool like an old fool bye-bye
A grateful nation thanks you for your service on this Veterans Day To all our servicemen and women thank you
RT @ddiamond: Average unemployment rate by year		2009: 9.3%	2010: 9.6%	2011: 8.9%	2012: 8.1%	2013: 7.4%	2014: 6.2%	2015: 5.3%	2016: 4.9%
RT @FoxNews: .@oreillyfactor: “Just because something offends you, doesn’t mean you have the right to hurt or destroy.” https://t.co/RLVVa9…
RT @asamjulian: Should President Donald Trump prosecute Hillary Clinton?
RT @realDonaldTrump: A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked M…
The small minority of protesters who don't except the verdict by60 million voters are simply moronsWe areAmericans and revere our democracy
Do United States Marine Corps celebrates its 241st birthday Semper Fidelis The proud tradition of the most respected military in the world
Arizona really has to find out what the devil they doing when it took until now to count all the ballots and give Trump the victory
Arizona just announced that DonaldTrump was victorious in that stateWhat inhell took him this long to figure that out don't hold your breath
When an entire state cannot come up with the presidential election vote totals within six or seven hours Something is terribly wrong there
Juan sometimes has a bad case of run off at the mouth   Brit shook him back to reality with the SHUT UP Nice going https://t.co/PFoxfXX9A2
HeyBrit whereare you? Taking aday off from OnTheRecord ?You were just kidding that after election you were gone weren't you? Pleasecome back
NewHampshire senator Kelly Ayotte would be a excellent choice forEPA Cheif she is smart and savvy and that move would really bind the split
The campaign is really over when BarackObama called Donald Trump president elect More even than Hillary Clinton concession the meet was HUGE
@realDonaldTrump You have a deep bench to form an admistration Kelly Ann Conway is so good at media for Press Secretary another Kelly -
The protesters who did not like the outcome of the election insult the very free system they enjoy
It seems some people are very unhappy with the fact thatDonaldTrump is going to be the presidentTaking to the streets and yelling does what?
The aura of late conservative Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia hovers over that institution awaiting refilling his seat with a soulmate
SCOTUS will soon return to its function i.eEnforcement of the tenants of the US Constitution as the living document that it still is ieTrump
Obamas Imperial forbearance ignored US Constitution demands of the separation of powers by his snub of Congress &amp; rule by executive edicts
".you can't fool all the people all the time "ALincoln His words eerily reachout over the ages&amp;again reverberate across the nation he saved
BarackObama has in 8 years dismantled Democrat Party from the Statehouse to ,now, the WhiteHouse And both houses of Congress NO LEGACY 4 U🇺🇸
The Clintons are finally done in American politics Hoorah
Now what with all those celebrities who backed HillyClinton do?Will theymove to Canada or Mexico? Or in true celebrity fashion embrace Trump
PoliticalBlabmouth congratulates Donald J. Trump on his election to President and RNC chairman Reince Priebus kept control of Senate&amp; House
NJ Congressional in South Jersey MacArthur and LoBiondo (Republicans) win with over 60% of the vote
RT @DailyCaller: New York Times Forecasts Donald Trump Will Win The Election https://t.co/nFPH1Foxbc #ElectionNight #MyVote2016 https://t.c…
Trump is up in Michigan Wisconsin in New Hampshire and if the trend continues he can winhe is also close in Pennsylvania
Trump wins four of the five votes in Nebraska HRC wins Oregon
Trump wins North Carolina Florida and coming close in Michigan
DonaldTrump winsOhio and NorthCarolina and he's on his way to win Florida and Michigan if he does that it's very close for him to win it all
Finally the finale what seemed to be never ending campaign ends todayFor the sake of all people&amp;generations to come we pray for a Trump win
RT @ChristieC733: “Whatever you can do, I would appreciate. I say pray for me, I pray for you."	~ Donald Trump 		#ElectionFinalThoughts 	#G…
RT @NewtTrump: SPOT-ON: Charles Krauthammer gives a BRUTAL answer to the simple question "Is Hillary corrupt?" https://t.co/F1MllCGf40
RT @KellyannePolls: Midnight rally in Grand Rapids marks final stop of @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence campaign extravaganza. Operation Flip M…
RT @KellyannePolls: Top forecaster changes call: Race no longer ‘over’ | TheHill https://t.co/YyKGaCq5p2
RT @WayneDupreeShow: #HillaryClinton gave her maid permission to view classified documents and print them, who's next? Jay-Z and Beyonce? h…
Polls are not people There is a chance that this election will be one for the record books Trump is coming on in most swing states An Upset?
@realDonaldTrump Florida Florida and..... Florida Do a swing thru before the end @ I 4 corridor. it is the win or lose state
Yoko Ono said she had an affair with Hillary Clinton there are also rumors that Huma Abedin is her lover Wow October surprise?
Words are not actionsOnlyActions really countPolitical blabber right or wrong twisted or bizarre  is nothing whenvisible activities are seen
Does not matter what candidate say now or after the election The rule of law makes the winner uncontested officeholder that's really it
And today's America will vote so all this blabber it's nothing but hot air that seems to be fed by media but it is free Legally one will win
RT @Braveheart_USA: Amazing!! The @FBI couldn't get through 33k emails in 6 months, but 650k was no problem in less then 10 days. 		To much…
RT @mitchellvii: If Hillary's ground game is so damned amazing, why was her Primary turnout down 20% from 2008?
FBIDirectorComey couldn't decide whether hewanted his eggs poached or fried so he got oatmealRye or white? Hegot whole wheatHilly yes or no?
97million out of work&amp;almost another million will be lost in a yearDemocrats &amp;BillClintons trade deals LumberManufacturing MiningCoal Oil
HillaryClinton's email situation may be less important than the Clinton foundation investigation that continues That investigation continues
WallStreet is in the tank for HillaryClinton because they have given her tons of cash and expect to pay for play is still in effect with HRC
GreedyWallStreet whiners complain Trump will cause disruption in Asian investments like China because TRUMP will even trade imbalanceToo Bad
59.7%people working finance the other40.3% who no longer look for work on gettingGovernment assistance to taxpayer moneyIts ok withHRC notDT
Clintons big vote block includes many people that stopped looking for work &amp; rely on federal&amp; state assistance to live pay no taxes &amp;drainUS
Negative economic impact on economy&amp;government debt is real since over 40% are not in the workforceThey get$assistance &amp;food stamps free med
Democrats refuse to discuss more than 40% of workforce not looking for work &amp; the burden on the other 60% &amp; on overall economy carrying them
Real economic woe for the US is only 59.6 percent are in the workforce &amp; reducing False employment figures show unemployed at 4.9 really@ 18
Do midnight inMiami after Virginia at a Latino church Explain Clinton is ok with 9 month abortion &amp; Obamacare costs &amp; jobs to Mexico Urgent https://t.co/lD2LGvOPyl
@realDonaldTrump The Latino vote in Florida is killing your chances of a win Must win state at all costs Go back again &amp; again or your done
Political observers  indicate this presidential election is vote lesser of two evils you get 2evils for 1 with Clinton Vote Trump Nice Kids
RT @ErmaJackson20: I just recently switched to Trump, &amp; glad I did	Won't have none of that devil worship in my white house	#SpiritCooking h…
FBI investigators into the Clinton foundation are rumored to term it a criminal enterprise The schemes are pay for play on a huge scale
HillaryClinton is under criminal investigation &amp;that is shocking for anyone running for the presidency of the UnitedStates it's that simple
BillClinton is hurling insults at MelaniaTrump Made fun of her speech something about Donald and cyber bully Bill should consider his crimes
Most real political observers believe that thisPresidential election is so unusual &amp;bizarre that they'd rather not make specific predictions
Obama is so panicked about possibility thatTrump can win he's got entire entourage including himself his wife Bidenetc campaigning full-time
A review of finances of the Clinton Foundation show only 6% of the money spent on foundation projects Most is just personal use of Clintons
The FBI has been doing an extensive investigation into The Clinton Foundations manner in which it collected over $2.2 billion in donations
@realDonaldTrump You mustto haveMelania to nonstop short speeches in NorthCarolinaPennsylvania Ohiowith whatever time is leftShe may win it
RT @HalleyBorderCol: It will be so awesome to have a president &amp; a first lady who love America!	Melania Trump is a great role model for oth…
Clinton got the questions to the debate with Bernie Sanders fromCNN contributor Donna Brazile but Crooked Hilly told no one She is complicit
DonnaBrazile resigned on Oct14 fromCNN but the news was not released by them until two weeks later Why? Too embarrassing for HillaryClinton?
First Debbie Wasserman Schultz then Donna Brazile showed the corruption within the Democratic National Committee all HillaryClinton Insiders
Why is DonnaBrazile still Chair of DemocratNational Committee?Her dishonesty in giving HillaryClinton questions inSanders debate fired atCNN
Maybe it's an omen coming from behind and finally being victoriousDonaldTrump to win down in the polls like the Cubs May be a year of upsets
Never say never Chicago Cubs who have not won a World Series since 1908 come from behind with a three game deficit to win the World Series
5 days left until election day With all the information exploding it is difficult to assimilate Trump is sticking to issues more than ever
ADemocrat straw donor scheme uncovered Well connected law firm gave $25k"bonuses"to employees who gaveDems like PAsMcGinty same$&amp;many others
Positives in campaign mFocus on bordersecurityNeed to reduce regulations to create job expansionSTOP the $20 billion debtsprial Vetsfairness
Even after all the negatives there are some encouraging views in 2016 campaign Recognition Obamacare doesn't work Need to Really defeat ISIL
Americans believe in gender equalityOurs laws assure itOur voting patterns prove it However as with allmeasures quality matters not just M-F
RT @FoxNews: .@mike_pence: "Over last 30 yrs. the Clintons' careers have been characterized by politics of personal enrichment." #OReillyFa…
TheRussians do not have any females in their government in positions of power They don't believe women are their equals US females  included
The Chinese Communist male dominated oligarchy do not see females as equals or competent in politics No Matter where they come from Even US
The crude politically incorrect reality is that the leaders of the Middle East for the most part do not see women as their equals in Islam
SexistRacistBullyRude BoorishInsensitiveUncaring Insulting -Will Iranians be concerned about political manners dealing with a US president?
Congress must outlawANY former elected national officeholder like BillClinton from formingFoundations that can acceptforeign money donations
GoldsMier Margaret Thachter BenazirBhutto CondalezaRice ClareBoothLuce AvaPeron AngelaMerkel These are World Leaders Hillary Clinton?Naw
When you are a true American patriot as well as anAmerican icon You favor your country over popularity with theanti-Trump forces Forever Fan
Lesser of2 evilsTrump has some personal misgivings butClintons record and UberLiberal views are catastrophic&amp; Lies greed She will destroy US
You know this election is upsidedown when liberal ChrisMatthews endorses Trump over Clinton💥A former aidDem Speaker TipOniell he loved Obama
RT @Thomas1774Paine: MSBNC's #ChrisMatthews: Vote #Trump &amp; "Shake this System to its Roots." Philly guy Matthews smartens up, knows #Hillar…
RT @PBlabbermouth: It was amazing thatan ultimate intellectual BillBuckley touched the uneducated college students so profoundly in the1960…
It was amazing thatan ultimate intellectual BillBuckley touched the uneducated college students so profoundly in the1960s Albeit hisClarity
@JamesRosenFNC Just finished ATorch Kept Lit Thank you for that book Once having met Bill forever a fanHe was our beacon of hope in 1960s-PB
HillaryClinton was directly involved in approving the sale of 20% of American uranium to the Russians butDemocrats try to tie Trump to Putin
There continues to be an ongoing investigation by theFBI into theClinton foundationThis is separate from the other investigation intoHillary
Harry Reid charges that FBIsComey with violation of Hatch Act influencing an election after he cheered him for clearing Hillary before DUMB
DonnaBrazil was fired by CNN as a contributing political pundit She gave Hillary Clinton questions for a debate with Bernie Sanders Corrupt
Sheldon Adelson Las Vegas and Macau casino mogul  is contributing $25 million to a pac that will be doing anti-Hillary Clinton ads Very big
NeitherHoumaAbedin or AnthonyWeiner have securityclearanceReal question is ifclassified material ison theircomputers fromHillarywhathappens?
Allowing sales of health insurance across state lines Modifying some plans more specific to needs and illuminating coverage not needed More
Huma Abedin can release all 650000 of her emails if she wanted to do so Why doesn't she? Rumor that FBI talking to her about immunity deal
There are 650,000 emails that the FBI has to go through to determine exactly which ones are classified or are the salient information Wow!
Most legal experts&amp;law enforcement experts agree thatFBI Comey reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton because of critical information
FBI is required by law not to reveal any specific information during an ongoing investigation if Republicans or Democrats ask for it or not
BillClinton said he was going to play golf inPhoenix when he just happened to meet AG Loretta Lynch's plane It was109° &amp;has heart condition
If HillaryClinton loses she goes back toClinton foundation &amp;$2.2 billion &amp;around $300 million to live on Trump Has $2 billion Not bad either
What happens to the United States of America if a newly elected president of the United States is convicted of crimes and must resign Chaos!
Heres a real nightmare Hillary Clinton gets elected she gets indicted&amp;convicted&amp;Tim Kaine becomesPresident How do you like those apples?Booo
Maddow is an erraticRadical so full of venom for regular non liberal folks If Clinton investigation her president bid Rachel will go nutz https://t.co/pAMFMhxULX
Most political pundits now sayTrump is back in this presidential race Regardless of the progress ofFBI investigation it exposed doubts reHRC
Clinton and Obama may have corrupted state department the IRS &amp; military &amp;others but the regular agents of FBI remain loyal to the nation
WhileFBI directorComey maybe corrupt his subordinates are notSeems they wouldn't tolerate another sell out to tarnish the Bureaus reputation
Donald Trump may be thanking the wrong person when he says FBI director Comey did the right thing Likely FBI Agents forced his hand in this
FBI DirectorComey was compelled to release new investigation information to theCongress by his own investigators into HillaryClintons emails
It comes down to the choices between Clinton who compromised national security and use the office for personal gain&amp; a novice Pol Trump
HillaryClinton indicated she will keep nation safe Instead she has compromised classified information&amp;has allowed foreign interests to hack
HillaryClinton is definitely under investigation by FBI there is suspicion that  classified information was compromised FBI Comey said it
RT @TGowdySC: Fiat justitia ruat caelum - May Justice be Done though the Heavens fall. Read my full statement on FBI Director Comey's lette…
RT @MONAKatOILS: 💯 with @TGowdySC demanding full INDEPENDENT investigation. HE does not TRUST @JamesComeyFBI. Do you? I don't. Read 👇@Jared…
CongressmanGowdy real America realizes what you have been doing to preserve the nation your tireless effort &amp;your patriotism is incredible🇺🇸
TreyGowdy is one of the smartest congressman ever elected to the office and one of the most courageous patriots our nation has He will excel https://t.co/AOVsR2WXBO
As Hillary Clinton was looking past the election the expected touchdown ended up being an interception with five seconds left on the clock
Chickens come home to roostDidHillaryClinton send classified emails to HumaAbedin wife of disgraced AnthonyWeiner (sex pervert) he saw them?
The sinister actions that Hillary&amp;BillClinton have been guilty of for several years is astonishingOnly fools believe they made$300 mil ligit
RT @FoxNews: .@newtgingrich: "@wikileaks...is ripping the scar off the largest amount of corruption in American history." #Hannity https://…
This is pretty much expected especially with the recent program with Michael Moore with him allowing him to give voice unfair and unbalanced https://t.co/lkHHP4ygU3
After her tirade against Gingrich Megan Kelly has  radical Michael Moore on her program She really does have to go
Clintons use the tax free Clinton Foundation for all the personal expense planes hotels restaurantsvacations and pay wages to their staff
Recent revelations prove thatClinton foundation is a criminal enterprise that was concocted byBill&amp;Hillary to make them ridiculously wealthy
Above entrance to Supreme Court says equal justice under the law HillaryClinton has already indicated nominees must have her political views
Hillary Clinton in30years is chronicled with her actions wrong direction in almost every endeavor she has ever hadThat would not change now
MeyganKelly is beingFRIED by FoxNewsViews They are calling for her scalp after her tirade againstNewt Gingrich formerUS speaker of the house
Only13% of $2 billion donated toClinton Foundation is used forANY purposeTied to donations is over $250 million direct toClintons personally
RT @gautierr1333: Xl pipeline means 100000 new jobs Hillary saysNO Oil leases can reduce gas price by $ 1.50 Hillary says NO Obamacare rais…
Commander-in-chiefObama made many executive orders he can do it to excuse all the Cal military who got bonuses to sign up or reenlist SIMPLE
TimKaine's sister  ran forU.S. Senate as Dem in VaHerhusband was deputy director of the FBI DemGov Terry MacAuliffe Clinton insider financed
Obama is out on the stop making such over-the-top exaggeration about Republicans that it is unpresidential HE always been a radical partisan
Vets who got bonuses being asked to return some of the money must demand how the government intends to return the years they spent in battle
Military seeks to have those who were given bonuses to join or reenlist to return the money because they made a mistake in amounts NO WAY
We now knowObamacare is a horrendous failure now Hillary Clinton seeks a single-payer government run-healthcare system would be cataclysmic
@realDonaldTrumpFind a good venue to repeat your Gettysburg speechit is the most important point for voters to vote for you less thenegative
Almost everyone gets hurtby Obamacare policyholders employersYou cannot keep your doctor or health planBill Clintonsaid CRAZY Its Collapsing
RealAmericans do not tolerate denigration of the flag or national anthem nor willthey tolerate shabby treatment of ourVets orallow babykills
RT @ChatRevolve: BREAKING: #TimKaine rally only about 30 people show up. Her campaign is dead in #Florida nobody wants #HillaryClinton Seri…
HillaryClinton calls trump divisive yet she is all over the landscape proWall Street antiCatholic bashes Sanders supporters got an FBI pass
RT @mitchellvii: Pat Caddell: ‘Polling Is All Over the Place… Shock Potential Is Enormous’ – Right Side Broadcasting https://t.co/PE9NSXGf5J
RT @TRUMPMOVEMENTUS: "When I am president, the tide of big government will no longer threaten to wash away our dreams, our liberties and ou…
If you intend to vote please read the Donald Trump 100 days "Contract with Voters"his view is to reverse the horrendous problems we face
Donald Trump contract with the American voter as to exactly what he'll do in the first hundred days is a revelation most welcome in America
The WhiteHouse i.e.Obama admits thatObamacare will now increase by double digits in some states67% premium increase that's simply outrageous
MassDemSenElizabeth Warren is a radical socialist cut from the Bernie Sanders cloth These are the people that Hillary Clinton will promote
RasmussenPoll&amp;L.A.Times poll has DonaldTrump ahead by a couple pointsCNN has him losing by13 pointsReality is who actually shows up to vote
Voters ought to be cautious about listening to the poll numbers they hear onTV Skewing a poll slightly makes it totally biased and incorrect
Democrats in Pennsylvania are howling Dem GovTom Wolfs chosen Attorney General  was convicted &amp;is going to jail Trust Democrats ???
FormerCNN contributor DonnaBrazil got questions for debate&amp;gave them toHillaryClintonDoes anyone trust CNN On Poll lead?Clinton News network
Why in the world would coalition Iraq &amp;US forces tell the enemy in advance that they were going to attack Mosul It gave ISIS leader warning
Donald Trump wants to know why there was so much news about the attack Mosul before it happened Rumored that Bagfsdi ISIS leader was there
Both of Donald trumps ex-wives Ivanka and Marla continue do you have a reasonable relationship with him and their children  &amp;both back him
Each one of Trumps children grew up respectable and goal oriented 3 married a &amp; there are grandchildren large family very close to Donald
It appears that Donald Trump valued family as his main focus in life He had a child with each of 3 wives but kept a good relation with them
Why is there any opposition to have a photo voter registration card ? People need identification for just about every thing official Logical
Middle-class Americans have been taxed on the federal state county and city level Hillary would increase the fed tax rate to close to 50%
Sen Tim Kaine and Hillary Clinton both support sanctuary cities allowing criminal illegals free run to commit horrendous  crimes like murder
DonaldTrump would defund sanctuary citiesHillaryClinton promotes themHe isfor Kates law she rejects itHer murder underscores securityfailure
Trump should alsobar anyone or family member of a nation political office holderfrom formingTaxFreeFoundation while in office or5years after
Trump seeks to bar anyone in major political positions from becoming a lobbyist for5years and can't represent foreign nationsWowCommon Sense
Trumps list of changes in the first 100 days speech on 10-22  is historic He has the issues STICK WITH THEM
Wow 1st Pl., Minnesota Vikings are embarrassed by Philadelphia Eagles List of the fourth quarter 21 to 3
HillaryClinton says she is for second amendment but against Heller decision ridiculousHeller gives individual right to own guns She is Anti
Ohio upset by Penn State Amazing Eagles leading Number one Minnesota Vikings lots of cheering in Pennsylvania
Hillary Clinton and her entire campaign are being periodically exposed by WikiLeaks as incredibly corrupt biased and degrading It's amazing
DonaldTrump said that he will not contest a clear cut result of an election He did leave some questions after debate but he has stated clear
DonaldTrump threat to sue those people who falsely accused him of misconduct will have the effect of having them and others to stop doing it
Hillary Clinton equates money to Power even at the pinnacle of political office the quest for wealth is the singular goal Don't be fooled
For HillaryClinton it is money and the accumulation of huge amounts of itDuring her entire career the avaricious drive for more is her goal
If HillaryClinton is electedWashington will continue to stagnate&amp;economy tooThere is 15 million people not in our workforce That's one third
Failure piled on failure Iran is about to be the puppet master of Iraq due to Clinton-Obama lead from behind diplomacyNow NO Leading at all
Ash Carter couldn't get Iraqis to agreed to have our ally Turkey to play a role in retaking Mosul diminishing the Iranian influence Too Late
DefenseSecAsh Carter is another Obama failure Iraq he's are usingUS air power to retake Mosul but Iranian forces there gaining influence
Trumpsaid he would abide by the voters decision but said he would not concede if the outcome is unclear likeAl Gore &amp; AdlaiStevenson did too
RT @GregAbbott_TX: Soros is spending $500,000 in Houston. We can't let these liberals hijack Texas. All republicans must vote. #tcot https:…
Hillary Clinton was totally dysfunctional asSecretary of State particularly inMiddle East Now Turkish president Erdogan vs our Kurdish ally
Hillary Clinton and Obama have made a tremendous error with Turkish  President Erdogan who said the Kurds in  in both countries are enemies
Some who were interviewed as to who they would vote for Answer " Well there is just too much history with theClintons &amp;we willjust get more"
HumaAberdin was Hillary's body person at one point &amp;now her assistant chief of staff is also her NAPManager Huma wroteUS responsible for9-11
Hillary says we have a free press Not exactly true The US press is so corrupt that no one believes it anymore you matter what she says
Hillary Clinton keeps talking about equal pay for women statistics indicate that women pay is mostly either on a par or close to it with men
The last 30 years even while in the White House the Clintons sold the office remember they had a price for sleeping in the Lincoln bedroom
While running for president HillaryClinton arranged for a$12 million donation fromMorocco it was recognized as horrible human rights record
Hillary Clinton said there will be  across the board tax increases We will get nothing out of it but double $20 trillion debt &amp; giveaways
HillaryClinton plansto raise taxes so that most will be paying 49% that money will go toObamacare so80% can get it freeBillClintonsays crazy
There is always ALWAYS a 2nd opponent for GOP candidates Radical UberLiberal Media So it's a fact of life Deal WITH IT Does not change
After a year of intense campaigning &amp; millions spent(Clinton outspentTrump 3-1) there is a @a6 point spreadHuge negatives are building vsHRC
Real distinction is thatHillary Clinton has been a political activist since her teensTrump is been focused on building business He succeeded
With all the distracting noises in the presidential campaign can anyone really focus on issues and understand exactly stakesEconomy security
The Iranian nuclear deal is the worst foreign-policy mistake in a lifetime.no one should vote for anyone who supports that horrendous error
RT @PBlabbermouth: Americans are tired of the negative campaigning to the point where they just block them out when they come on and don't…
Americans are tired of the negative campaigning to the point where they just block them out when they come on and don't listen It's enough!
HillaryClinton signed away 20% ofUS uranium to potent Russia yet she suggest some Donald Trump has some sort of kinship with him Facts count
Both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were booed at the Al Smith Dinner when they went over the line with attacks at each other Expected
Will Hillary Clinton atAl E Smith dinner apologize to Cardinal Dolan for demeaning  remarks her campaign made against the Catholic Church
billions of dollars the Clinton foundation takes in only 13% is used on charity programs biggest expense is private planes  for the Clintons
DNC chairwomenDebbie Wasserman mSchultz lied manipulated and was fired nowDonnaBrazil was found to do the same thing Crooked Hillary crowd
Government health insurance will cost more than $11 trillion and will bankrupt the nation this is what HillaryClinton andObama wantDo you ?
JonathanGruber who designed Obamacare saidAmerican people are stupid not to realize that it wouldnt work nowObama wantsGovernment healthcare
Even Bill Clinton said Obamacare is crazy Hillary Clinton will waste billions of taxpayer dollars to continue this madnessAnd depress jobs
HillaryClinton was orchestrating a&amp;12 million donation from Morocco which arrest people on site and treats women as property it's the  money
Anyone who has any moral fiber has to disagree with partial birth abortion of a live child it is no matter what you think about abortion
It's not just Catholics that disagree with Hillary Clinton's abortion on demand it is normal human beings value human life above all else
She is a godless barbarian who does not disagree with taking the life of unborn child within one day of birth do you really believe in that https://t.co/84dmUfxF1d
RT @PBlabbermouth: HillaryClinton did not refute the fact that she isOK with taking the life of a baby in the ninth month in fact within a…
RT @KurtSchlichter: Is this the system whose results I'm supposed to respect before I see the actual outcome? @ChrisCuomo https://t.co/5ZCz…
HillaryClinton did not refute the fact that she isOK with taking the life of a baby in the ninth month in fact within a day of birthGodless
There are numerous cancer screening places that Don't besides Planned Parenthood whose major work is abortions   They sold baby body parts
RT @LouDobbs: Liberal MSM has a fit over @realDonaldTrump's insistence on a clean election. Al Gore refused to concede 2000 for weeks.#MAGA…
Hillary Clinton was totally scripted push a button and she repeats exactly what she memorized Trump hit back hard &amp; made her back up
Chris Wallace has to give Donald Trump some equal time here but he's not doing it
Hillary Clinton runs over time honey every question and she's not being controlled this debate is out of control
Why is Hillary Clinton being given most of the time in this debate it's ridiculous
What was Mr.Creamer  doing doing at WhiteHouse over 300 times I meeting with Obama 41 times aconvicted felon ? Did he run dirty tricks unit
ISIL has chemical weapons in Mosul which they captured&amp;brought from Syria Obamas line in the sand was false Will these weapons be used now?
20 billion in debtObamacare collapsingISIS spreading worldwide economy in slump porous borders crime&amp;murder growing Hillary wont change it
The reason we have thousands of troops in Iraq battles because Obama&amp;Clinton decided to withdraw troops from Iraq when we had control Wrong
Obama has slighted Malik on a regular basis and chooses not to show any empathy for his half brothers that's the elitist in him Pompous https://t.co/EdNOKoFwmL
A lot to be said for people who hold loyalty as the major factor in a relationship It is a major element of character Wayne Newton is ACES🇺🇸
@WayneNewtonMrLV We communicated on your support forSenator Reid You did it out of loyalty now you back Trump out of loyalty You'r GREAT guy
RT @Lrihendry: @WayneNewtonMrLV "I don't know anyone who loves America more" invited to #debatenight they've been friends for 30 years! @re…
It is obvious thatMegan Kelly is radically opposed&amp;hates Donald Trump &amp;every chance she gets she unfairly puts the campaign in bad lightSPIN
@brithume Its your show but MeganKelly was overbearing interrupting arrogant &amp; in fact rude especially to MikePence in her inquisition style
Just imagine how religion will be treated by a secular Supreme Court with six Uber liberal secular justices care little about religion
HillaryClinton believes thatCatholic religion is backwards&amp;says that it must change How dare her! Telling75 millionCatholics what to think
NYCardinal Dolan slammed Hillary Clinton who will not condemning the insults against the Catholic Church on Wikileaks Anti Catholic Bigotry
Obama has sent 5000 troops to Iraq there are thousands of troops and special ops personnel working on the attack on Mosul besides air power
Additional women have come out claiming Bill Clinton assaulted them sexually given all the others it seems very plausible
RC Cardinals all overAmerica are appalled at Clinton campaign's disparaging remarks about theCatholic religion characterize it as archaic
Over 75 millionCatholics in AmericaClinton emails show disdain for the entire religion&amp;insults the very principles on which it was founded
HillaryClinton will follow Obama's plan which is caused 15million people tostop looking for workGNP is stagnatedGovernment is not the answer
Obamacare will collapse by mid2017 yet HillaryClinton would spend millions of taxpayer dollars to bail it out &amp;it will still fail Dogmatic
Wikileaks released Ciinton campaign emails that state Anti Catholic Anti Israel items DNC operatives paying rioters to disruptTrump rally's
HillaryClinton has been in politics for 30 years and can't state one major accomplishment that's exactly what she would do as president!Nada
HillaryClinton's campaign it's about NOTHING only her desire to hold power She will simply continue along the path of Obama Trump states his
Why is there not a federal law requiring all voters to have a valid voter photo ID cardEvery other thing we do requires valid identification
There are multiple cancer screening and women healthcare centers that don't sell baby parts likePlanned Parenthood has done in several areas
RT @YANKEEFANNO3: #hardball #DEBATE #PodestaEmails10 https://t.co/B5Z0n41tCT
RT @PrisonPlanet: BOMBSHELL: Hillary Called Black Servant the 'N-Word' Claims Former Clinton Chef - https://t.co/uhINH0nh9G
Secretary of State Kerry refuses to fire Hillary Clinton Insider Secretary of State Patrick Kennedy Who committed a federal bribery crime
Iranian surrogates theHoothies fire Iranian missiles atUS naval shipsat the behest ofAyatollah Khomeini afterIran NukeDeal crafted byHillary
Clinton Insider at state department Kennedy should not only be fired but indicted for federal briberyHe wanted FBI to declassify her emails
Hillary Clinton successorJohn Kerry refuses to fire state department Hillary Insider Kennedy after he tried to bribe the FBI to help Hillary
The over 1 million lives in Mosul are at risk because of the failed Clinton Obama diplomacy in Iraq say they are total responsibility for it
Media bias isTrumps and every mRepublicans other campaign opponent wellDonald hascreated negativity on his own media has not skeweredHillary
FBI'sComey gave Hillary a pass even with evidence of guilt Rigged? Bill met AG Lynch in her plane Rigged?No media verified any allegations
Conservative political groups still being repressed by the IRSRigging? Liberal news media gave no coverage to Clinton's email leaks Rigged?
Over1 million civilians inMosul ISIL are using some as human shields &amp;others asslavesAttack is being coordinated by Iraqi military Trouble!
This new round ofblood &amp;treasure beingexpended in Iraq to recaptureMosul thatAmerican troops died to secure isreality ofClintonObama failure
There are at least five different factions involved in attack onISIL inMosul it remains to be seen which ones will take lead&amp; take control
HillaryClinton complains that foreign nationRussia is involved in campaign yet she has gotten money from dozens of nefarious foreign nations
Democrats continue to say that Russians are suspect in involvement in campaign Yet  foreign money poured into the Obama campaigns 2 times
Regardless of what ever gyrations theGOP is going through the fact remains that voting for that party is the only solution for America
GOPneeds to ignore liberal media&amp;dismiss their discussions as self serving and forge ahead with a real conservative agenda Don't be defined
WikiLeaks emails simply proves to what was rumor before Secretary of State Hillary Clinton used the position to make money for herself&amp;Bill
Emails show that if you were not a Friend of Bill by contributing to the foundation or to him and needed access to Secretary of State No Go
It seems that more and more people are coming forward saying that the allegations against DonaldTrump or not trueNow JohnPodesta is involved
Allegations by the contestant on theApprenticeTV show Who alleged DonaldTrump touched her inappropriately was refuted by her own cousin More
John Podesta Hillary Clinton's campaign manager stated in emails scheme to use charges of sexual harassment against Donald Trump so time ago
The former beauty pageant contestant that alleged Donald Trump acted in a probably had glowing words for him to come to her new restaurant
The allegation about Trump fondaling woman on the plane was debuked by another nearby passenger on the plane More to come
Obamacare ominous overregulation on energy exploration fracking coalmining manufacturing and other industries has cost 10 million jobsHRCtoo
Seeing what Clinton Obama has done with the economy four more years will gut the middle class for decades to pay for her liberal agenda
Hillary Clinton is hiding out until after the next debate hoping that she can coast while the liberal  media rips at Donald Trump on rumors
RT @ScottPresler: Hillary is supporting Ted Strickland, who said it was a "good time" for Justice Scalia to die. What nice people. *Sarcasm…
HillaryClinton has accused DonaldTrump of just about everything except being from outer space Maybe that's next just keep him off the issues
HillaryClinton tried to first to paint Trump as racist then anti-Muslim then anti-women and none of it worked now she's playing the sex card
When you have no morals you go low not highHillaryClinton is a blowhard she's lying when her lips move The worse Trump is supreme over HRC
Even Bill Clinton saidObamacare is crazy and unfair Yet Hillary Clinton clings to it and says it can't be fixed even while it is collapsing
Hillary Clinton's emails on WikiLeaks quotes for open borders open trade globalism that totally equates to anti-American exceptionalism
Trumps numbers in the swing state polls still are within a winning marginHillary Clinton's pump seems to have evened off Wikileaks info big
OK now focus on airstrikes against US ships collapse of Obamacare 15 million out of work restrictive regulations and taxes Issues Issues https://t.co/b2e6S0niMP
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all abo…
Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr said Lets not focus on Donald Trumps past but on America's future Supreme Court can change USA
Obama is busting the embargo onCuban cigars&amp; rum is manufactured by communist Castro Brothers government Obama is supporting these murderers
HillaryClinton's campaign has disdain forCatholics and it is appalling to think that her Supreme Court Justices will rebuke Catholic views
HillaryClinton will appoint SupremeCourt judges that will look to dictate religious doctrine based ontheir own liberal views and make it law
1.4 million people will lose theirObama care insurance as major Insurance companies like Aetna shut down premiums going to over 60% Collapse
Seems each day some woman claims decades agoTrump acted inappropriately in somewayNow8 Not1 reported to police hmm?Not 1?No proof?Just sayin
Please write down exactly what you hear Hillary Clinton says she will do Then think about if you should vote for that or not last chance
If you fail to read about Obama beforeelected don't do that withHillaryClinton this is the last chanceShe is saying exactly what she will do
If you felt that Obama had failed in so many ways just imagine what havoc Hillary Clinton will bring on this nation We will never recover
The entire Hillary Clinton agenda will bring this nation not to his knees but to devastation With controlSupreme Court in hands of radicals
Obama is revisiting the Clinton Obama  Syrianstrategy today another attempt to figure out how to do nothing Trump should be all over this
@realDonaldTrumpJust what are you doing not focusingon collapse onObamacare jobs taxes attacks onUS abroad SyriaLibya deficitHC anti emails
Presidential campaign is going from ridiculous to more ridiculousLiberal media is already buryingGOP body even though it's still breathing
Britain stopped aid toPalestine after learned millions$ were going to terrorists filtered thruHamas&amp;PLO included families of suicide bombers
Obama strained relationships with Israel by condemning plans for 300 unit apartment house the WestBank Interfering in internal affairs there
The nation is in turmoil at home&amp;abroad and the focus is on personal behavior decades ago?Foundation is ClintonSlush fundRaking in billions$
Obamacare is collapsing Yemen rebels fire on USNavy Putin gives US ultimatums ISIL spreads to 32 nations Libya in ISIS control China threat
Where are the facts on which the New York Times relies when it prints allegations with no proof of veracityYellow Journalism most disgusting
Clinton is for Open Borders( eventual citizenship insuring perpetual Democrat control)Open trade even if US workers are hurt Globalization
Trump may very well be the victim of very well orchestrated media attack of incredible proportions ever in aPresident campaignDo voters care
Hillary Clinton&amp; her accolades deplore Roman Catholics Southern Baptists Sanders backers economically challenged ALL GOP Backers
There are allegations the decades ago Donald Trump acted in appropriately with women yet that one made a formal complaint pretty fishy
TimKaine says that he is aCatholic his lack of conscience on partial-birth abortion funding abortion and other anti-Catholic ideas questions
All of the Clinton people believe the Catholic Church is archaic restrictive and unworthy Americans No Catholic can vote for Hillary Clinton
Emails show the Clinton people have distain for Catholics and evangelicals actually demeaning them But slam any other and they are on fire
Hillary can't containRussia ChinaIran NKorea squander billions on Obamacare pack SupremeCourt with uber liberals to kill 2nd Amend &amp;Religion
People knowClintons are greed driven grifters but supporters ignore it Hillary will tax hell out of everyone ignore ISIL expanding &amp; cower
What was rumored about friends ofBillClinton&amp;how they profited from$millions that poured intoHaiti after earthquake is absolutely astounding
@realDonaldTrump STOP tweeting aboutPaulRyan leave it aloneNo percentage in it please stop stop now concentrate onObamacare economy jobs
Even at age 75 Ronald Reagan sometimes work 20 hours straight and still could deliver a speech to Congress with great vigor and cohesion
Reagan spent 21 days in meetings with leaders in Europe including Gorbachev in Geneva yet after spending long hours at age 75 he was sharp
Ronald Reagan's one on one five hour marathon negotiation with Gorbachev eventually lead to the USSR backing off aggression &amp; then collapsed
Contrary to some reports Reagan was so intellectually composed he spent five hours straight negotiation with Gorbachev in 1984 in Geneva
It is inconceivable that theTaj Mahal casino in AC close because the union refused to find a middle ground contract with Carl Icahn UnionBad
New Jersey Legislature and Governor have increased gasoline tax five $.23 Too much It should have been raised a smaller amount maybe $.10
HillaryClinton will follow the Obama plan &amp;government will continue to be dysfunctional Her radical plans will make us less safeTrump Change
Partyleaderships come&amp;go The party ofLincoln survives We buildnot destroyDestiny is a force of will as much as happenstanceAmerica is valued https://t.co/NIgaJLd3kx
Ultimately people whocould be the defining force in this election still areundecided on whichway they will voteExpect a great more to happen
Verydangerous idea to choose who in the same  party to support and who notThe risk is not worth thebenefit actuallyit's the other way around
There was a valid primary to choseGOP nominee Regardless of outcome the process must be respected The party must be respected as well or die
DeNiro is so full of himself it's disgustingWho is he to use words likeI want to punch him in the faceHey this is real life not a fake flick https://t.co/IGCppvqXfi
RT @realDrOlmo: VIDEO : Bill O'Reilly Goes on the Record, "3 Media Organizations Have Ordered Their People to DESTROY Trump" https://t.co/0…
RT @KLSouth: Corrupt @CNN is trying to use their position of influence to manipulate the outcome of a Presidential Election. #CNN https://t…
Just who the hell is Martha Radditz debating Trump on Mosul issue She overstepped big time in a pontificating manner Don't give her a pass!!
@krauthhammerYou are brilliant political commentator butTrump threat to jailHilly is OKShecorrupted FBI Bill &amp; AGLynch on a plane State Dept
RT @PBlabbermouth: "@larryelder: Good Times!		#DonaldTrump http://t.co/R4QvR6dgSw"Donald Smoozer was a trans-party manipulator equally lovi…
@realDonaldTrumpYou must STOP snorting into the mic Put the mic further away Breathe AFTER you speak Nerverous Try Benadryl to take edge off
@bretthume As usual you were the best newsman onTV Loved the "Time of my life" Trump Clinton vocals Hilarious. The Political Blabmouth
Iranian backedHoothie Insurgents inYemen fired Iranian supplied missiles at USNavalShipOurNavy avoided a hitThis is whatClinton-Obama brings
Maybe the prid quo pro negative personal attacks in Prez debate Sunday will wilt now &amp; end If its all issues &amp; policy Trump trounces Hillary
FromGrammarSchool boys to Football WatchingMen's groups resort to raunchy language more expansive than Trumps boastful video of 11 years ago
Moderator Raddatz showed she was prejudiced and a bit mean spirited toward Trump How dare her challenge Trump time&amp;again She&amp;Cooper are Dems https://t.co/d0fXFiCsO8
RT @KevinJacksonTBS: 🇺🇸Luntz Focus Group 🇺🇸	Frank Luntz:  I actually think tonight was so significant that he is back in this race. 	#Debat…
After the debate Trump is back into a competitive campaign now it takes money and ground game to start repairing damage Still a tossup
RT @joshgremillion: Who won tonight's presidential debate⁉️ #Debates #DebateNight #Debates2016
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you agree @realDonaldTrump WON the #Debate- BIG LEAGUE! #MAGA https://t.co/EmwDZ32uAZ
RT @mitchellvii: You gotta love CNN. They state their sample skews "a little" democrat then we find out it was D+15 or in tonights case, pr…
CNN is in some alternate universe when they say that Trump lost to Clinton in the debate it simply isn't trueIt was on issues &amp; she lost
Abe Lincoln? Hillary Clinton excused her speech faux pas on Ole Abe being 2 faced Trump did what he had too Uneven against Trump over 60%
RT @michellemalkin: Paula Jones rebuking reporter asking Trump about touching women: "Why don't you ask Bill Clinton that?"
Joseph Stiglitz book The Euro correctly point out that European people did not agree to a single currency their leadership did Its doomed
BernieSanders will not criticize HillaryClinton when she said she would giveCarteBlanche toWall Street bankers who gave her$millions PayPlay
Curious Trumps ranting  construed as"Assaulting Woman"He said they let him because of his star power Sounds more likebragging than menacing
George HW Bush and Bill Clinton were responsible for rebuilding Haiti from five years ago instead another 900 die because of no shelter https://t.co/QvwNevVVd1
Haiti had @900 dead from Hurricane  Clinton  Foundation took all there relief money &amp; left the people with nothing  $Billions raised GREED https://t.co/QvwNevVVd1
Putin already knows that Hillary Clinton will not do anything to restrict his ambitions worldwide He has no idea what Trump will do
Now do you understand that Hillary Clinton can never control Vladimir Putin and the onslaught of the Russian aggression to re-create Empire
More Hillary Clinton Russian diplomacy Nuclear weapons systems outside of Russia Missle System in Syria Buzz US Navy provocations Cyberwar
The result of the Hillary Clinton Obama diplomacy with Russia Invasion of Crimea &amp; battles in Ukraine Domination inSyria Hacking US election
Hillary Clinton never saw a tax she didn't like She wants to increase taxes by $1.5trillion She wants a huge death tax so your kids get zero
Women watch the most salaciousTV programs like SCANDALthe soap operas &amp;all the sexually charged   titillating audiovisualsTrump wasTV then
If DonaldTrump pulls off this debateTownhall with his skin intact it may be the crucible that proves he can handle anything including Putin https://t.co/sG6b3I5B6m
RT @carrieksada: Yes ladies, #ImWithHer, we all pretend to be offended by @realDonaldTrump's words, but which of us doesn't have a copy of👇…
RT @VickyBrush: TRUTH!!!	#BillClintonDidNotHaveSexualRelationsWithThatWoman	But....... #ImpeachedBillClintonLied	#NoMoreClintonsInTheWhiteH…
If you weren't afraid ofHillary Clinton&amp;Obama socialist ideas the Wikileaks speeches she speaks of some sort of degrading Americanism for ??
Hillary Clinton talksabout income redistribution now No borders No alien restrictions HemisphericUniworld Too muchJohn Lennon's song iMAGINE
Dictators seekto control others territory from their base nationHillaryClinton seeks a superHemisphericPower over half theworld!Strangelove?
Hillary Clinton is beyond a National Communism philosophy It is weird Hemispheric Unicontrol No Borders No citizenship An Economic Behemoth
Hillary wants Hemispheric UNIWORLDISM erase borders &amp; Americas national identity Beyond liberalism-socialism she has a maniacal philosophy
HillaryClintons philosophy is not merely SOCIALISM it includes erasing national borders UNIWORLDISM No America Hemispheric Economic Control
Wikileaks ofHillaryClintons  speeches reveal her real viewsEraseAmerican identity for world citizenshipPump more $into  collapsingObamacare
Hillary Clinton spoke of her UNIWORLD aspiration not America 1st Open Borders Open Trade akaTPP&amp;NAFTA Lead from behind Degrade the military
The Trump video11 years ago is really a distraction Despicable language yes The greater threat to America -Hillary Clinton is the real focus
Imagine an. America with likely hood ofHillaryClinton appointing the next 3  uber liberal SupremeCourt Justices We will have lost everything
RT @BNONews: Washington State Republican Party Chair Susan Hutchison defends Trump comments, says they "were made when he was a Democrat"
RT @america_trump: .@mike_pence is correct‼️"You cannot lead people you loathe‼️"	The Obama administration has taught us this principle.		#…
RT @ms_morticia: Trump said things. Bill Clinton attacked women. Hillary knew and helped. #BillClintonIsaRapist
RT @USAneedsTRUMP: @HillaryClinton 	https://t.co/1Kzke2w6Sf		You &amp; Bill RUINED Juanitas life, you both should be in prison for what youve d…
RT @carrieksada: Listen all you Beta Males who have your panties twisted over #TrumpTape 	#NeverHillary 	#MAGA https://t.co/9CRXh8oTEi
RT @DanRiehl: Remember when Huma's husband sent pics of himself on the bed with his kid and sexted w a minor? where was this self-righteous…
RT @TheMarkRomano: I remember what Bill Clinton did with a cigar to a White House intern, and that was no big deal as I recall.		Liberal hy…
DonaldTrump in the past liked to brag about his prowess with women The tape 11years ago was typical He considered himself a media celebrity
Release Access Hollywood tape of Donald Trump 11 years ago seems to be perfectly timed to coincide  with Release of Hillary Clinton info
Donald Trump critics having a field day with an 11-year-old awful piece of private taped conversation It was Conversation and nothing more
What Donald Trump said 11 years ago in a private conversation is not very nice but it certainly isn't a world shattering episode Its words
HillaryClinton in her own words says she's two-faced she indicates she has a privateface&amp;the public face so which one do you want to believe
Truth came out in Hillary's speechs Hemispheric open economy OPEN BORDERS &amp;OPEN TRADE She publicly says otherwise This is socialist dogma
Dredging up an11 yearold private comments kind of boastinghis prowess with women hasTrump apologizingCrude?YaPowerful people talk trash too
HillaryClinton's duplicitous attitude is being exposed in the recent rash of emails todayShe protectsWallStreet Seeks open borders Socialism
It may be a big surprise but women talk to women about men and men talk to men about women sometimes the talk is rough we all have seen it
I guess someone will find everything DonaldTrump said in a negative mode from the time he came from the womb Gotcha mentality alive and well
Effectof Hillary Clinton's Russian RESET: Russian government warns United States not to interfere in Syria they will shoot our planes down!
Hurricane Matthew and Florida could have a measurable effect on registration and even voting patterns in the affected areas
The most ridiculous thing is that some peoplewill vote againstTrump just out of spite knowing full wellHillaryClinton will destroy thenation
Voters must understandthat this is not just a selection between twopeople for president Itis the entire direction of theUnitedStates future
RT @DrHorseshark: Wolf in Sheep's clothing		#SmegynKelly should be sent to Clinton News Network where she can honk and bray like a	#JACKASS…
Another policeman killed this one inCaliforniaThese are the people that keep us and our families safeUSA must support these heros day to day
Injustice done byFBI in the Clinton email scandal screams for independent investigation mHillary broke the lawAG Lynch closed her eyes to it
She is so enraptured about power even thethreat to others lives is insignificant to her blind ambitionShe cares only for her agenda Maniacal https://t.co/dQucQYMkvg
Taxpayer fundedaccount meant to augment financially distressed former presidents is being raided byClintons for their$2.2 billionFoundation
OutrageClinton Foundation with over $2.2 billion of which it only uses 10% for projects he's taking money from A taxpayer funding account
If you compare Trumps record to that of Hillary Clinton it's obvious who the better person is to lead this nationTrust She is untrustworthy
Trump grew up onstreets of New YorkHe is rough at the edges &amp;not always politically correctSometimes speaks unfiltered But you know he leads
After that kind of a comment Chelsea should stay home with the childrenShe is as insensitive as her mother&amp;father it's all about the power https://t.co/0WIxLgs7VS
This is just one example of the poor judgment this woman has&amp; will as president We don't need a thirdObama presidency We need a bold leader https://t.co/wFdqVul9yv
Pence' performance as a real American is the best reality show on TV This is the kind of leadership we need #STATESMAN https://t.co/nwiuEgfWPZ
It's one thing to be political expediency and it's another thing to be a total hypocrite you figure it out https://t.co/50WFLWr5gV
@KellyannePolls Trump must spend money on air time in key precincts in Pennsylvania Florida North Carolina Ohio or he will lose Rallys aside
Hillary Clinton wants to shut down coal industry in Ohio Virginia Pennsylvania West Virginia Kentucky and the support jobs behind it
RT @LindaMott9: @realDonaldTrump I worked at a hospital and retired. I could not deal with the obama care system. Failure at its best
RT @AngelaBrooks68: I'm small business/lost salary by 3/4 this past yr due 2 OCare.. struggling/ high taxes/my Obamacare 2high2 pay.can't p…
Trump will fire those in Vets Administration responsible for failing to correct the disastrous operations Obama ignores  Trump won't
Pence was spot on about partial birth abortion Roe v Wade says its fine at any time even 9th month Hillary won't change it SICK MIND Libs ok
Hillary Clinton is for abortion  on demand even partial birth abortion It is actually killing live babies without restriction This must STOP
Aetna Blue Cross and others have pulled out of Obamacare in over 11 states as it collapses Although Hillary wants to fix it there is no way
Obamacare is draining both working families&amp;employers as premiums rise over50%&amp;care is terrible no choice of doctor or policy Can't be fixed
Bill Clinton saysObamacare is the craziest thing he ever saw he thinks it is totally flawed&amp;premiums are skyrocketing Hilary still likes it
Obama is still not helping our VETS get correct care at VA hospitals Wait Time is over 30 days in Phoenix some die before their appointments
Italy has taken over 140,000 refugees from Libya most in Sicily Nigerians Somalis etc No International help straining the Italian effort SAD
Obama wants to allow illegal aliens in California to participate in Obamacare when he specifically said no illegal aliens could EVER get it
WowHillary Clinton as Sec of State made a deal to send weapons to Libyan insurgents only to have it go to Anti Libyan forces&amp; ISIS in Syria
You are right They also murder gays Treat women as property Ban all religions except Islam Fund terror groups &amp; ignore terrorists action vUS https://t.co/qA3JHXGbyi
Clinton Foundation still taking contributions from Saudi Arabia when it was proven they were part of the 911 attack and are liable for suits