'What was most compelling about the congressional hearing was the portrait of the sadistic relationship between the sycophant and the sociopath.' Maureen Dowd of The New York Times on Michael Cohen: https://t.co/Px1VoUMoOg
RT @TheDailyShow: It's official: This was the worst Black History Month ever. https://t.co/ewT0re8vEH
Graham: "No one's stood by Israel better than Donald Trump." (Audience rises to applaud.)
Graham: "President Trump and I did not start off well... We've got a lot in common now: I like him and he likes him. So go figure: the guy from New York and the guy from South Carolina."
Graham: "Brett Kavanaugh is on the supreme court because President Trump is tough... I'm here to tell you I've never been more proud of President Trump than I was during the Brett Kavanaugh hearing. They tried to destroy him and it blew up in their face."
Graham: "Speaking of 'rocket man', he's couldn't be here and, if he doesn't make a deal with President Trump, he won't be anywhere much longer."
Sen Lindsey Graham enters CPAC to cheers and standing ovation. "Wow, I came to the right place. I'm from the federal government and I'm here to help you."
Spotted at CPAC: https://t.co/6oxEEkQ1eA
At CPAC at National Harbor. Larry Kudlow, director of National Economic Council: "Join us to keep America great. Join us to put socialism on trial. And then convict it."
@LarryRasky   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @BeschlossDC: Beatles in front of US Capitol, on day of their first concert in America, Washington, DC, this month 1964: https://t.co/Gs…
@usstk   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@livelihood2017   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
'The plot began before Bernie Bros and “Lock Her Up,” before MAGA hats and “Lyin’ Ted,” before there was even a thought of Trump versus Clinton in 2016. It started in 2014, in a drab, concrete building in St Petersburg, Russia.' From The Associated Press: https://t.co/CKa8fswNTm
Spotted at Denizens Brewing Co in Silver Spring, Maryland: https://t.co/OiBK6EZZUR
RT @billmaher: Bezos, you’re worth $130 billion. Take one for the team. Stop playing cities off against one another and help a dying one co…
RT @PostOpinions: An op-ed from @RepAdamSchiff:		The time for silent disagreement is over. Republicans must speak out against President Tru…
Jackson: "Any violation of this order will be a basis for revoking your bond.. Today I gave you a second chance. But this is not baseball."
Jackson: You may talk about other matters in the public discourse. "Not this case, not the people in it, not while you're under my supervision."
Jackson: No statements about the case. No press releases or press conferences. No posts on social media. The defendant may not comment about the case indirectly. You may send out as many emails or posts as you choose that say donate to the Roger Stone fund.
Jackson: "So no, Mr Stone, I'm not giving you another chance. I have serious doubts about whether you've learned any lesson at all."
Jackson: The publicity cannot possibly subside with the defendant out there "fanning the flames".
Jackson: "The privilege, the liberty he was afforded was properly abused."
Jackson: "Thank you, but the apology rings quite hollow."
Jackson: "It's true, yes, he signed the apology his lawyers wrote that day. But he continued to adamantly defend the post even after it was taken down."
Jackson: "The post had a more sinister message... Roger Stone fully understands the power of words and the power of symbols and there's nothing appropriate about crosshairs... In the media there's no such thing as a take back."
Jackson: "The picture that was picked was not selected randomly." A Google search brings up "many unaltered photographs".
Jackson: "Mr Stone could not even keep his story straight on the stand."
Jackson, returning to court, says: The evidence of the last few days suggests he has not been chastened. "He has decided to pursue a strategy of attacking others." He chose to use his public platform in a way that might inflame others.
Jackson: "I'm going to take a break to try and absorb this." Then I will rule. You can remain seated. I will take about 15 minutes.
Rogow: The image was "outrageous" and that is why you had an apology within hours.
Rogow: "The press will talk about all sorts of things all the time." Jackson: "I'm not trying to impose an order on the press."
Jackson to Rogow: "After he apologised, he continued talking every single day. What will get him to stop talking other than a court order... How would you craft a court order that he will find clear enough to follow?"
Jackson: "What possible basis would I have to conclude that the media attention will subside?"
Rogow: "The jury pool argument I think is not a credible argument now we are months away from a jury trial."
Kravis: Whatever the defendant's intentions, his actions resulted in the dissemination of an image that could be construed as threatening.
Kravis: The defendant's evidence today was "not credible".
Kravis: The defendant continued to give interviews to amplify the coverage. "That conduct amounts to... a desire to manipulate media coverage to gain favourable attention." That increased the "risk to the jury pool".
Kravis: The government believes the facts do support an extra restriction on the extrajudicial statements of the parties.
Rogow: "It's indefensible." Jackson: "I agree with you there."
Rogow: "Really what he's asking for is a second chance to conform to what he should have conformed to since the beginning."
Rogow to judge: He has assiduously followed all the constraints imposed by probation. This is the only thing that came up. "Sometimes a person gets a lesson."
Rogow: "Why did you order it taken down?" Stone: "Because it was a stupid mistake... I can only beseech your honour that I will be more judicious in my actions... This was a screw-up and I admit it."
Prosecutor Jonathan Kravis: "You cannot recall the names of all the people working for you four days ago?" Stone: "Correct." Kravis: "You cannot recall the names of all the people who had access to your cell phone four days ago?" Stone: "Correct."
Stone struggles to name volunteers. "I'm sorry I don't recall the others. It's a revolving situation."
Stone: "My house is like a headquarters. I have many volunteers."
Jackson: "Did you say on InfoWars that this was just another example of the media making you a target?" Stone: "Yes."
Jackson asking Stone about InfoWars interview. Stone: "What I said was I thought it was a misinterpretation of my intention... Look, I regret the entire thing. It was just an error. I did not have a malicious intent."
Stone: "I felt the media was falsely saying that I was posing a danger, which was not my intention. This was not a crosshair, in my opinion, and I did not wish to be blamed for something that was not my intention."
Stone: "May I pour some water?"
Stone scratching left cheek with fingers, breathing heavily into microphone.
Stone: "It was my cell phone because all my other devices are in the possession of the FBI... I do not exclusively use my own phone, that's what I'm saying."
Stone: I wrote the text of the post.
Stone: "I've had an influx of people helping me since my indictment."
Jackson on images: "You closed your eyes and picked?... 'Randomly' does not involve the application of human intelligence."
Asked who among his volunteers sent him the image, Stone replies: "Nobody will admit to it."
Jackson: "You saw it and said, 'OK, I'm going to post this'." Stone: "It was a stupid error."
Stone: "My phone is used by numerous people." I have five or six volunteers.
Stone: "I'm not certain how I got the image. I believe it's conceivable it was selected on my phone."
Stone: "I do not know" who selected the image.
Stone: "I didn't choose the image. I did post it."
Stone: I believe there was "a media distortion" of my intent. "I did not have a malicious intent, your honour... I'm not seeking to justify it. It was just an error."
Stone: "I shouldn't have posted any of it all. It was a mistake, for which I apologise."
Jackson: "Let me finish my question."
Stone: "I honestly did not believe it was crosshairs. I honestly thought it was a misinterpretation."
Stone: "It's a celtic occult symbol... I'm not into the occult." (Pronounces "celtic" like Celtic Football Club.)
Stone on crosshairs: "I didn't even notice it until it was brought to my attention by a reporter."
Stone: "I take responsibility. I don't have any employees. I do have volunteers helping me because of my financial circumstances... I accept responsibility. It's my fault."
Stone: "I am responsible for the posting. I did not look at it properly. That's my fault."
Stone: "I now have television commentators talking about the likelihood I will be raped in prison." This is a very stressful situation. I am struggling to pay the rent. I hope you will consider this apology because it is "sincere and heartfelt".
Judge Amy Berman Jackson: "Is anyone paying you to speak about this case?" Stone: "No."
Stone: "I think my bad judgment is born from the emotional stress of the situation. I can only say I'm sorry again." I wish I could do it over but I cannot.
Stone: "I can't rationalise my thinking because I wasn't thinking."
Stone: "I don't offer any excuse or justification. This is just a stupid lack of judgment... The posting is my responsibility. I regretted it... This was an egregious, stupid error for which I apologise again to the court."
Stone: "I believe I abused the order, for which I am heartfully sorry. I am kicking myself for my own stupidity, but not more than my wife is kicking me... I believe it is an outgrowth of the extreme stress of the situation."
Stone walks to the witness stand, raises hand and takes oath.
Rogow: "He consults with different businesses and political persons. He comments, obviously, and gets paid for his comments. He speaks and get paid for his speaking."
Defence submission: Stone makes living "talking and writing about matters of public interest... He's penned many hundreds of articles and has been the subject of hundreds more... Roger Stone is 'a voice'."
At US District Court for District of Columbia. Lawyer Bruce Rogow on Roger Stone's Instagram post: "I want to put Mr Stone on the stand" so you can hear him explain what happened, how it happened, how he apologises.
'Ideas — silly, solemn, trivial, terrified — about the meaning of Mr Trump are the appetizer, main course, dessert and even the equivalent of recreational drugs in the lonely farmhouse.' Ben Brantley on Shipwreck, a History Play About 2017 in London: https://t.co/j4MX4n3Bhl
RT @clarered: In 1992 I had some thoughts on virtual reality apparently... published in Focus, the paper I co-founded with @SmithInAmerica…
RT @tishdurkin: My NY magazine take on our (likely-soon-to-be) woman in South Africa 	https://t.co/jOPaUPfvmr
Went to opening of Dickens's Davy Copperfield at Imagination Stage. Not every children's show dives into death, flogging, robbery, child labour and debtors' prison, but this one has heart and finds redemption. The actors switch nimbly between multiple roles.
RT @ConnieSchultz: He will always be Sherrod. https://t.co/IbwEzE7IZe
Went to first night of The Heiress at Arena Stage. Superb performance by Laura Harris charts the protagonist's journey and transformation. Strong cast keeps audience sympathies shifting under classy direction from Seema Sueko.
Trump: "'My button is bigger than yours and my button works.' Remember that? People said Trump is crazy."
Trump: "This administration does a tremendous job and we don't get credit for it, but I think the people understand what we do."
Trump: Abe of Japan said he was recommending me for the Nobel peace prize.
Trump: "I have a very good relationship with Kim Jong-un."
Trump: I met President Obama and we sat in those beautiful chairs. I said, "What's the biggest problem?" He said, "By far, North Korea." He told he was "so close to starting a big war with North Korea".
Trump: "You have stats that are far worse than the ones I use."
Trump: "Sit down! I get my numbers from a lot of sources."
Questioned by CNN's Jim Acosta, Trump says: "Ask the 'angel moms'... You have an agenda. You're CNN. You're fake news. The numbers you gave are wrong."
Trump on Ann Coulter: "I like her but she's off the reservation."
Trump: "Sean Hannity has been a terrific, terrific supporter of what I do." Not of me; if I changed, he would no longer support me. I don't have the time to speak to Ann Coulter.
Trump: "When countries put people into the lottery, they're not putting you in, they're putting bad people in."
Trump: "I am learning... I never did politics before. Now I do politics. I will tell you, I'm very disappointed at certain people." (Asked if he is referring to Paul Ryan, Trump replies: "Let's not talk about it.")
Trump on William Barr: "Such an easy job he's got. He's got the easiest job in politics."
Trump: Any deal I make with China, Schumer's going to stand up and say "Oooh, it should have been better".
Trump: "I've already done a lot of wall for the election: 2020."
Trump: I wasn't supposed to get a dollar for the wall. I got $1.4bn.
Trump: "I expect to be sued. I shouldn't be sued... We have an invasion of drugs and criminals coming into our country... I think we will be very successful in court."
Trump: "We have to build up our military. It was very badly depleted... We'll soon have a military like we've never had before."
Trump: We have certain funds that are being used at the discretion of generals and the military. I've spoken to them and they've said this is far more important than what they were going to use them for.
Trump: "We're declaring it for virtual invasion purposes: drugs, traffickers and gangs... We have removed thousands of MS-13 gang monsters. We have taken them out by the thousands and they are monsters."
Trump: "So, the order is signed, and I'll sign the final papers as soon as I get into the Oval Office, and we will have a national emergency and then we'll be sued."
Trump to 'angel moms': "The people that really love our country, they love you."
Trump: "We have renovated a tremendous amount of wall, making it as good as new... We need new wall."
Trump: "It would have been great to do it earlier but I was a little new to the job, a little new to the profession... Some people didn't step up."
Trump: "I ran on a very simple slogan: Make America Great Again. If you're going to have drugs pouring across the border, if you're going to have traffickers pouring across the border... then very hard to make America great again."
Trump: "We're going to be taking care of ICE... They wanted to get rid of ICE and the bill is just the opposite of that."
Trump: "We have far more people trying to get into our country today than probably we've ever had before."
Trump: "If the opposing party got in, this economy would be down the tubes."
Trump: We're going to be signing a national emergency. "It's a great thing to do because we have an invasion of drugs, an invasion of gangs, invasion of people."
Trump: In China drug dealers get the death penalty. Ours get: "How bad a fine?" You could end the drug problem. "You could end it a lot faster than you think."
Trump gets widow from Maryland to stand up with photo of her dead husband.
Trump: "The press doesn't cover them... and they're not treated the way they should be."
Trump gets 'angel mom' to stand up and show photo of her dead daughter.
Trump: "Unfortunately, we have new Angel Moms."
Trump: "So, I'm going to be signing a national emergency. It's been signed by many presidents before... There's rarely been a problem. They sign it. Nobody cares."
Trump: "I just want to thank the president because he's been helping us with these monstrous caravans."
Trump: "Our military has been fantastic and I want to thank them. We've broken up two caravans that are on their way."
Trump: You can't take women and girls tied up through ports of entry. "They go through areas where you have no wall. Everyone knows it. Nancy knows it. Chuck knows it."
Trump: "So, everyone knows that walls work, and there are better examples than El Paso, frankly... Take a look at Israel. They're building another wall."
Trump: Democrats say it all comes through the ports of entry. "It's a lie."
Trump: "Our country is doing very well economically and we've done a lot, but one of things I said I want to do and we have to do is border security."
Trump: Today I'm announcing several critical actions. We fight wars thousands of miles away but we don't protect our own border. Not just because it was a campaign promise.
Trump: "I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim. We have also established a very good relationship."
Trump: "You know all about the summit. It will be in Vietnam, Hanoi... A lot was done the first summit. No more rockets going up, no more missiles going up... I'm in no rush for speed. We just don't want testing... China's been helping us and Russia's been helping us."
Trump: The US and UK have agreed to continue our trade relationship. "With the UK we're continuing our trade and we're going to be increasing it very substantially as time goes by... The relationship there also is very good."
Trump: "The relationship with China is very good but I think they finally respect our country."
In the White House rose garden. Donald Trump on China talks: "We're a lot closer than we ever were in this country on having a real trade deal... We've been losing on average $375bn a year with China... We're going to be levelling the playing field."
@celindalake   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Spotted at the Studebaker National Museum in South Bend, Indiana: carriage that took Abraham Lincoln (born 210 years ago today) to Ford’s Theatre in Washington on the night he was shot. https://t.co/lkZV72iKE7
RT @psmith: Leeds University library appears to have digitised the immortal Leeds Student newspaper for posterity.		Browsing through I'm st…
RT @billmaher: Stop saying both parties are equally to blame for the mess we're in. 	Congress isn't broken, the Republican party is broken.…
RT @PostOpinions: John D. Dingell Jr. was a Michigan Democrat who served in the U.S. House from 1955 to 2015.		He dictated these reflection…
RT @staceyabrams: I’ve liked all of the newest regenerations since its return (some more than others), but Tom Baker remains the one Doctor…
Went to first night of The Music Man at the Kennedy Center. Amusing, effervescent musical about a huckster taking Iowans for a ride. Jessie Mueller's soaring voice steals the show. Spotted in the audience: Stormy Daniels, a guest of cast member Rosie O'Donnell.
RT @EllenStofan: I hope the first girl to walk on Mars will have been inspired by her first visit to @airandspace . Our transformation of t…
One member gets Trump to autograph his tie.
Sen Mitch McConnell shakes Trump's hand and pats him on the back.
Kavanaugh shakes hands with Trump and appears to say: "Good job."
Trump shakes hands with Sens Chris Coons and Doug Jones.
Trump: "Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America." (Republicans cheer and clap. Democrats bolt for the exits.)
It looks like someone has fallen over at the back of the chamber. Some members turning to look.
Trump: "This is the time to re-ignite the American imagination. This is the time to search for the tallest summit, and set our sights on the brightest star."
Trump: "We must choose whether we will squander our inheritance or whether we will proudly declare that we are Americans. We do the incredible. We defy the impossible. We conquer the unknown."
Trump: "Look at the opportunities before us. Our most thrilling achievements are still ahead. Our most exciting journeys still await. Our biggest victories are still to come. We have not yet begun to dream."
Trump: "Think of this Capitol – think of this very chamber, where lawmakers before you voted to end slavery, to build the railroads and the highways, to defeat fascism, to secure civil rights, to face down evil empires."
Members sing "Happy birthday" to Pittsburgh massacre survivor Judah Samet, turning 81. He shouts back: "Thank you!"
Trump: "Great nations do not fight endless wars."
Trump: "Tonight, we renew our resolve that America will never be a socialist country." (Republicans chant "USA! USA!" Ocasio-Cortez looks very amused.)
Trump: "Here, in the United States, we are alarmed by new calls to adopt socialism in our country." (Republicans boo. Ocasio-Cortez grins broadly. Sanders strokes chin.)
Trump: "Chairman Kim and I will meet again on February 27 and 28 in Vietnam."
Trump: "If I had not been elected President of the United States, we would right now, in my opinion, be in a major war with North Korea." (Democrats groan and shake heads.)
Trump: "I am asking the Congress to pass legislation to prohibit the late-term abortion –" (Republicans roar while Democrats are stony faced and silent.)
Sen Ted Cruz stifles a yawn.
Trump: "We also have more women serving in the Congress than ever before." (Democratic women rise and chant "USA! USA!" Republicans join in.)
Trump: "No one has benefitted more from our thriving economy than women, who have filled 58% of the new jobs created in the last year." (Sen Kirsten Gillibrand turns and points to Democratic women, who rise and cheer.)
Trump: "In the past, most of the people in this room voted for a wall – but the proper wall never got built. I will get the wall built."
Trump: "I pledge to you tonight that we will never abolish our heroes from ICE."
Trump introduces ICE special agent Elvin Hernandez. Republicans rise to applaud. Many Democrats stay silent.
Trump: "Working class Americans are left to pay the price for mass illegal migration – reduced jobs, lower wages, overburdened schools and hospitals, increased crime, and a depleted social safety net." (Sen Kamala Harris giving tiny shakes of head with lips pursed.)
Trump: "As we speak, large, organised caravans are on the march to the United States." (Democrats shake heads and audibly groan.)
Trump: "Now is the time for the Congress to show the world that America is committed to ending illegal immigration and putting the ruthless coyotes, cartels, drug dealers, and human traffickers out of business." (Republicans cheer. Ocasio-Cortez studies a pin on her jacket.)
Trump: "If there is going to be peace and legislation, there cannot be war and investigation." (Some Democrats shake heads and one or two heckle.)
Trump: "An economic miracle is taking place in the United States – and the only thing that can stop it are foolish wars, politics, or ridiculous partisan investigations." (Republicans cheer.)
Trump: "Members of Congress, the state of our union is strong." (Republican members chant: "USA! USA! USA!" Democrats remain silent.)
Trump: "African-American, Hispanic-American and Asian-American unemployment have all reached their lowest levels ever recorded." (Few Democrats applaud.)
Trump: "Tonight I ask you to choose greatness."
Trump: Half a century ago we planted a US flag on the moon. "We are joined by one of the Apollo 11 astronauts who planted that flag." (Buzz Aldrin, wearing stars and stripes tie, gives salute from balcony.)
Trump introduces D-Day veterans who are cheered and universally applauded. One waves enthusiastically.
Trump begins speech and welcomes Melania. Most stand and applaud. One member encourages Ocasio-Cortez to do so; she appears to reply, "What? Why?"
Sens Kamala Harris and Sherrod Brown chatting and laughing, with Elizabeth Warren nearby and Cory Booker a row behind.
Trump has hearty handshake with Kavanaugh.
Donald Trump enters with a grin, saying "thank you" as he shakes hands. Many Democrats refuse to clap. Ocasio-Cortez seems unsure whether to stand and eventually does.
As the other supreme court justices make conversation, Kavanaugh stands silent and alone just a few rows in front of dozens of Democratic women wearing white.
Mike Pompeo, Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross, Ben Carson, Elaine Chao, Kirstjen Nielsen and others enter the chamber.
Melania Trump enters to standing ovation and some cheers. But Rep Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez keeps hands folded and does not clap. Sen Bernie Sanders stays seated and looking at papers.
Only four supreme court justices attend: John Roberts, Elena Kagan, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. Polite applause as they enter.
As others converse, Sen Bernie Sanders sits with head down studying a document, possibly his upcoming rebuttal.
Harris, wearing black, pats Graham on the shoulder, both smiling.
Sens Kamala Harris, Lindsey Graham and Bernie Sanders entering in quick succession.
Enter Sen Mitt Romney, beaming, and Sen Ted Cruz, bearded.
Sen Mitch McConnell, VP Mike Pence, Sen Chuck Grassley, Sen Chuck Schumer and others enter to applause and shake various hands.
Rep Adam Schiff deep in conversation with Rep Eric Swalwell.
At state of the union address. Democratic women wearing white pose for photo taken by Rep Rashida Tlaib on her phone. Kellyanne Conway is wearing red.
Rep Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and other Democratic women wearing white in honour of suffragists. https://t.co/Dl49uTE3dA
RT @politico: "Tonight, we expect the occupant of the White House to utter the customary phrase, 'The state of our union is strong.' If tha…
Rep Ayanna Pressley: Tonight we expect the president to say the state of the union is strong. “If that is true, it has little to do with the Trump administration.” It is because of the people who have organised and resisted. “We are the majority.” https://t.co/fYL5UcXvLo
At US Capitol. Rep Brenda Lawrence: “This White House administration has tried to close its doors on women but we will not be locked out... Our message to women across this country is: ‘We’ve got your backs.’”
@GovChristie   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com.
@Cliff_Sims   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com.
RT @mikiebarb: Times publisher AG Sulzberger had planned on delivering a simple message to Trump at the end of yesterday's Oval Office inte…
RT @IlhanMN: Check out my extended full interview on @thedailyshow last night with @trevornoah!		Spoiler alert: if you're in the top 1% you…
RT @colbertlateshow: .@EllenPage is fed up with leaders who promote hatred and intolerance. #LSSC https://t.co/apxXzye5SF
Went to press night of Ain’t Misbehavin’: The Fats Waller Musical Show at Signature Theatre. A revue with some hits and some misses. “Black and Blue" is charged with pathos; "I'm Gonna Sit Right Down (And Write Myself A Letter)" is evergreen fun.
Roger Stone court exit. “Lock him up!” “We love Roger!” “Fucking traitor!” The Beatles’ ‘Back in the USSR’ and the Russian national anthem are played loudly. https://t.co/p8ZAWl9dtd
Sanders: "The president did nothing wrong throughout this process and the charges in the indictment against Mr Stone have nothing to do with the president."
Sanders on Robert Mueller indictments: "The more that this goes on, the more that we see none of these things have anything to do with the president."
Sanders: I'm not aware of anyone here working with WikiLeaks in any capacity.
Sanders on declaring a national emergency: The best fix is to be able to do it legislatively but, if Democrats play political games, the president will "be forced to make up for all their shortcomings".
Sanders: "I don't think anyone in the country can argue the fact there's a real problem at the border."
Sanders: "I would argue that conservatives who actually have influence have supported the president throughout this process."
Sanders on federal government workers fearing shutdown: "My advice would be to call your Democratic members of Congress and ask them to fix the problem."
Sanders on Nancy Pelosi and state of the union address: "I certainly don't think she acted in good faith at the front end since she cited security concerns that didn't exist."
Sanders: The president does not want another shutdown. "The numbers show we have an incredibly strong economy."
Sanders: "The president will, as always, undergo an annual physical exam. We'll keep you posted as when that happens."
Sanders: "What I do know is if they don't come back with a deal, Democrats will get virtually nothing." The president will be forced to take executive action.
Sanders: "What I do know is the president committed to fixing the problem... We agree on the fundamentals that border security is important." Let's spend some time over the next three weeks and get it done.
Sanders: "The president doesn't want to go through another shutdown. That's not the goal." The goal is border security.
Kudlow: We are the hottest economy and the most competitive economy in the world today. The China talks have the prospect of spreading prosperity in both countries.
Kudlow: If China opens its markets, our export sales will roar.
Kudlow: In the first two years of the Trump administration, our view has been essentially correct and the CBO's view has been essentially incorrect.
Kudlow: "It's encouraging to me that everything is on the table."
Kudlow: "The scope of these talks will be the broadest and deepest in US-China history. We've never had anything this comprehensive and I regard that as a big plus."
Kudlow: "The state of the economy to me... looks very strong." We're still in a very strong mode right now. I think it's going to pan out in the long run.
Kudlow on shutdown: "I think we have a whole bunch of very temporary factors and now, the government has reopened, the switch goes back on. There is no permanent damage... Individual hardships were the biggest issue."
Larry Kudlow, director of the National Economic Council: "I still think the economy is very strong... I still think we're on a 3% trend growth rate."
Bolton: "The vice president has had several conversations with interim president Guaidó." We are reevaluating the safety conditions for diplomats at all times. "We have made very clear to what's left of the Maduro regime that we hold them responsible."
Mnuchin: "I don't expect people will see an impact on gas prices." Most of these refineries are 10% or less. There is plenty of supply at sea that's been paid for. Most of our friends in the Middle East will be happy to make up supply.
Mnuchin on China: "We've had very productive conversations between the two presidents... These are complicated issues. We have a timeline of how we've mapped out the 90 days."
Bolton: "We know what the legitimate government of Venezuela is."
Mnuchin: Gas prices are as low as they've been for a long time. We don't expect any big impact on consumers.
Bolton: "We think stability and democracy in Venezuela are in the direct interest of the United States right now... Some now call the country Cubazuela, reflecting the grip that the Cuban military now has on the Maduro regime."
Mnuchin with map. Maduro support in red; Guaido support in blue. https://t.co/u5P6T0Wewp
Bolton on Venezuela: "The president has made it very clear on this matter that all options are on the table."
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin: "The United States is holding accountable those responsible for Venezuela's tragic decline."
Bolton: I call on all responsible nations to recognise Guaidó as interim president.
National Security Adviser John Bolton: "The people of Venezuela have had enough of oppression, corruption and economic hardship." Today we're going to announce sanctions against the state-owned oil monopoly.
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: Under this president the economy is at "record levels". On Thursday the president will meet with the Chinese vice-president. As the president said last week, the US stands with the people of Venezuela.
RT @HillaryClinton: In Puerto Rico for CGI’s 5th Action Network meeting with @BillClinton. Kicked off the week by going to see @Lin_Manuel…
Trump: “We really have no choice but to build a wall or powerful steel barrier.”
Trump: Our immigration laws are “a laughing stock” all over the world. “Vast numbers are coming because our economy is so strong.”
Trump: “The sheer volume of illegal immigration has overwhelmed federal authorities... Our backlog in the immigration courts is now far greater than the 800,000 cases you’ve been hearing about.”
Trump: “It’s at the worst level, human trafficking, in the history of the world.”
Trump: We never proposed a concrete barrier for 2,000 miles from sea to shining sea. In some areas natural barriers are better than anything we could build.
Trump: “The walls we are building are not medieval walls. They are smart walls.”
Trump: “Walls should not be controversial.” Every border patrol agent has told me that “walls work”. It’s just common sense.
Trump: A bipartisan committee will begin reviewing the requests of our homeland security experts. They will put together “a homeland security package for me to sign into law”.
Trump: I will sign a bill to reopen the government for three weeks. I will ensure workers receive backpay very quickly.
Donald Trump: “I am very proud to announce that we have reached a deal to end the shutdown and reopen the federal government.” https://t.co/w1V5aQwkjc
John Bolton and Jared Kushner also gathered.
Spotted in the Oval Office: Stephen Miller.
Mike Pompeo and Kirstjen Nielsen laughing and joking on the edge of the rose garden. Ben Carson, Elaine Chao, Wilbur Ross and others also gathered.
In the White House rose garden. Spotted: Bill Shine. https://t.co/MwI56b0aTX
Intriguing production of Twelve Angry Men with six black actors and six white actors, all of whom deliver special moments and contemporary resonances of both race and class, elegantly directed by Sheldon Epps. The line "I'm sick and tired of facts" got a laugh.
At first night of Twelve Angry Men at Ford’s Theatre. Saw Ed Markey talking to Joe Crowley near the box where Lincoln was shot. Susan Rice also in audience.
Went to the White House and asked Donald Trump about Michael Cohen cancelling testimony, citing threats. Trump said: “I would say he's been threatened by the truth. He's always been threatened by the truth and he doesn't want to do that probably for me or other of his clients.” https://t.co/tV8Xav52x8
RT @danpfeiffer: The President can have dinner with anyone in the world,  can go anywhere, can get anyone on the phone, has access to movie…
@RepDougCollins   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@davidcicilline  Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@AnnCoulter   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Waters: “We have crisis after crisis. We have a dysfunctional White House. We don’t know what we’re going to wake up to the next day.”
At Center for American Progress Action Fund. Rep Maxine Waters: “We are now in the midst of the longest government shutdown in history, all because the president has thrown a tantrum over a senseless border wall.”
@TGowdySC   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @TheDailyShow: The Daily Show &amp; @DrunkHistory Present: TRUMP HISTORY https://t.co/dS826Ik3KX
At winter mock trial at Shakespeare Theatre Company. Merrick Garland says dryly, “Not everyone gets a full hearing,” and the audience roars and applauds. https://t.co/JfzecIOyHs
Total interactions on Twitter in the past month: Donald Trump 39.8 million, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez 11.8 million, Kamala Harris 4.6 million, Barack Obama 4.4 million. From Axios: https://t.co/scYYxPLMGt
Went to first night of Hamilton in Puerto Rico. Lin-Manuel Miranda triumphant and transcendent in his parents' homeland, with spectacular emotional range and mastery of his own lyrics. His stage entrance was a show-stopper: half a minute of audience cheers, applause and adulation
@agarciapadilla   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @BeschlossDC: https://t.co/w2DCqy35Wo
@CarmenYulinCruz   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
ANDERSON COOPER: When people hear the word socialism, they think Soviet Union, Cuba, Venezuela. Is that what you have in mind?	A OCASIO-CORTEZ: Of course not. What we have in mind and my policies most closely resemble is what we see in the UK, in Norway, in Finland, in Sweden.
@Liz_Cheney   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @DLeonhardt: 1. The unrelenting chaos that President Trump creates can sometimes obscure the big picture. But the big picture is simple:…
RT @IlhanMN: 23 years ago, from a refugee camp in Kenya, my father and I arrived at an airport in Washington DC. 		Today, we return to that…
"Never do anything by halves if you want to get away with it. Be outrageous. Go the whole hog. Make sure everything you do is so completely crazy it's unbelievable." From Matilda (1988) by Roald Dahl.
‘Donald Trump's worst weeks of 2018 – the definitive list.’ From The Guardian: https://t.co/eWDxqAOacz
Overheard at a diner in Florida: "I think Washington DC, whoever chooses to live there, has something wrong in their brain, actually. They're mentally off."
RT @burke_jason: Mattis et al leaving means that, my colleague @julianborger says, In 2019, that insulation between Trump’s impulses and th…
@TTrumpette   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@VanJones68   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @HillaryClinton: The theater adaptation of Network, @NetworkBway, makes Paddy Chayefsky's story about the blurring of news and entertain…
Went to first night of Miss Saigon at the Kennedy Center. An epic spectacle complete with helicopter fleeing the fall of Saigon and show-stopping number, 'The American Dream', that now evokes Trumpian capitalism. At its heart are tender performances and fine singing.
“The predatory practices pursued by China and Russia stunt economic growth in Africa; threaten the financial independence of African nations; inhibit opportunities for US investment; interfere with US military operations." John Bolton: https://t.co/Oaw348YnnJ
RT @MikeHotPence: It’s #mikepence in the role he was made to play. https://t.co/EXtpZKUuFy
"we can do in space when we all work together."
Bridenstine: "We want to have American boots on the moon. We want to have American flags on the moon. But we also want to have the flags of our international partners on the moon with us, just like we've already proven the concept on the international space station and what..."
"opposite. I am qualified because my generation is the generation that missed out, so we need to make it happen."
Jim Bridenstine: "I'm the first Nasa administrator that was not alive when we were on the moon. In my lifetime, a human has not walked on the moon. Some people said, 'Well, maybe he's not qualified to be the Nasa administrator because he wasn't around,' and it's just the..."
Lovell on Apollo 13: "If the accident had not occurred and I landed Apollo 13 as the third landing on the moon, you wouldn't be here today and I'd never have met Tom Hanks."
Went to 50th anniversary commemoration of Apollo 8 at Washington National Cathedral and spoke to astronaut Jim Lovell. He said: "The air force and the navy can handle all the military stuff and we don't need another organisation. And we have Nasa: isn't that a space force?"
'Trump, I suspect, isn’t unfunny. He’s anti-funny. Humor humanizes. It uncorks, unstuffs, informalizes. Used well, it puts people at ease. Trump’s method is the opposite: He wants people ill at ease.' Bret Stephens in The New York Times: https://t.co/ojFXzKbeOo
@stephenfhayes   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian re Dick Cheney at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @HillaryClinton: Bill, Chelsea, and I loved seeing @hbrikin's beautiful play #WhatTheConstitutionMeansToMe at @NYTW79. It's an empowerin…
'What does it tell you that the feel-good events in Washington these days are funerals?' Susan Glasser in The New Yorker: https://t.co/Udld8OAOHy
Perez: “The silver lining of this presidency is that democracy has been awakened in ways I’ve never seen before.”
At Demand Justice event. Tom Perez of the DNC: “Our democracy’s on fire. It’s a five-alarm blaze. And what you are is first responders.” https://t.co/SVjFpJRI7Z
RT @WillieGeist: With the memorial service finished, @JMeacham has given me permission to report that he had the chance to read that beauti…
RT @justice_am_show: Don’t miss our interview with journalist and author @ChrisMcGreal discussing his new book #AmericanOverdose on the opi…
'Well, here was a fact that the man who had helped to steal our country from us could not ignore: no way was he stealing our room!' Ariel Dorfman in The Guardian on his unflattering memories of President George H W Bush: https://t.co/3hh6PrgqWP
@MDW_USARMY   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Went to first night of Gem of the Ocean at Round House Theatre. A lyrical, spiritual tour de force by August Wilson, beautifully directed by Timothy Douglas, rendering the African American experience in 1904 as vividly as a drama set in 2018. The ensemble cast is magnificent.
@Liz_Cheney  Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Spoke to Mnuchin who said he saw Hamilton in New York and Washington and found it “beyond fabulous”. Mnuchin the Musical? “I don’t think so.”
Steven Mnuchin (centre) trying to clap along in time as Cyndi Lauper sings ‘If I Could Turn Back Time’ in tribute to Cher. https://t.co/f1s0UD1yMQ
Host Gloria Estefan pays tribute to President George H W Bush and notes that he “graciously attended this event many times during his administration... He was a gentle and kind man who my family and I will never forget.” Audience gives standing ovation.
In the balcony, Nancy Pelosi greets Cher and Philip Glass with pecks on the cheek. Sitting further along is Steven Mnuchin.
Among guests spotted so far: Senators Jeff Flake, Rand Paul and Mark Warner and British ambassador Kim Darroch. Donald Trump is skipping the event for the second year in a row.
Cher doing interviews on the red carpet. https://t.co/0o7qvTaxda
At the Kennedy Center Honors where Lin-Manuel Miranda and the Hamilton team are receiving a special award. https://t.co/T89XbzuFkK
RT @BeschlossDC: George H.W. Bush’s letter to Bill Clinton, Inaugural Day 1993: https://t.co/DDoObe0Anv
RT @peterbakernyt: America has not had a presidential funeral since Gerald Ford died in December 2006. He passed away just after a midterm…
RT @jgm41: Statement by the Office of George H. W. Bush on the passing of the 41st President of the United States of America this evening a…
Went to first night of Indecent at Arena Stage. Powerful story of Sholem Asch's play The God of Vengeance that gathers layer upon layer of poignancy. Exquisitely directed by Eric Rosen and beautifully played by the cast.
Warren: “The world changed in 2016. It changed again in 2018. I believe it will change again in 2020.”
Warren: “I came here in the wake of a huge election where Americans showed up to vote.”
Warren: “Government today works great, Washington today works great - if you’re rich.”
Warren: “The student loan debt burden in America today is about one and a half trillion dollars.” It is growing by $100 billion a year.
Warren: “I like wonks.”
Warren: “We need to go way beyond the Paris climate accord.”
Warren: “I believe in science. Climate change is real and the urgency of the moment cannot be overstated.”
Warren: “The president of the United States is being tested right now in Ukraine and he’s failing. He is not responding with strength.”
“that we are not sliding toward autocracy - not without a fight.”
“his judicial appointments and tax cuts for the wealthy to stand up for fundamental American values. The time for holding back is over. Patriots of every political persuasion must stand up to this type of behavior. Americans must demonstrate to this President and to the world...”
“independence of our judiciary. He wraps himself in the flag and coopts the military for partisan purposes - but he can't be bothered to visit our troops in harm's way. And he is aided and abetted every step of the way by Republican politicians in Washington too pleased with...”
Warren: “President Trump's actions and instincts align with those of authoritarian regimes around the globe. He embraces dictators of all stripes. He cosies up to white nationalists. He undermines the free press and incites violence against journalists. He attacks the...”
Warren: “This combination of authoritarianism and corrupt capitalism is a fundamental threat to democracy, both here in the US and around the world. It is a threat because economic corruption knows no borders and in a global economy, corruption can provide strategic advantages.”
“the basic human rights we hold dear. And if we cannot make our government work for all Americans, China and Russia will almost certainly succeed at their goals.”
Warren: “Both China and Russia invest heavily in their militaries and other tools of national power. Both hope to shape spheres of influence in their own image.  Both are working flat out to remake the global order to suit their own priorities. Both are working to undermine...”
“... or domestic - who meddle, hack, or undermine them. It means ensuring a meaningful opportunity for every American citizen to vote. And it means fighting for equal justice and protection under the law for all.”
Warren: “The 2016 election provided a stark reminder that we must remain vigilant and fight for our democracy every single day. That starts with protecting our elections and democratic processes, and making it clear that there will be severe consequences for those - foreign...”
Warren: “The president has threatened Russia with a nuclear arms race, saying we'll simply outspend our rivals. Boy, is that wrong.”
Warren: “How do we responsibly cut back? We can start by ending the stranglehold of defense contractors on our military policy. It's clear that the Pentagon is captured by the so-called ‘big five’ defence contractors - and taxpayers are picking up the bill.”
Warren: “It's time to bring our troops home from Afghanistan - starting right now.”
Warren: “We have ‘turned the corner’ in Afghanistan so many times that we're now going in circles. Poppy production is up. The Taliban are on the rise. Afghan forces are taking unsustainable losses. The government is losing territory and credibility.”
Warren: “None of this requires sacrificing the interests of American businesses - although it will require some of them to take a longer view.  The world exists beyond the next quarterly report.”
Warren: “Just last week our own government said that climate change is already happening and will dramatically endanger the world we share. The threat is real and it is existential and we need to take action, now.”
Warren: “It's time to create a foreign policy that works for all Americans, not just the rich and powerful. Authoritarianism is on the move around the world, there is no time to waste.”
Warren: “While it is easy to blame President Trump for our problems, the truth is that our challenges began long before him. And without serious reforms, they are just as likely to outlast him.”
Warren: “Our country is in a moment of crisis decades in the making, a moment in which America's middle class has been hollowed out, working people have been betrayed, and democracy itself is under threat.”
Warren: “Beginning in the 1980s, Washington's focus shifted from policies that benefit everyone to policies that benefit a handful of elites, both here at home and around the world. Mistakes piled on mistakes.”
At American University. Senator Elizabeth Warren: “Around the world, democracy is under assault. Authoritarian governments are gaining power. Right-wing demagogues are gaining strength.” https://t.co/1Z1cZb45lM
Brazile: "And now John Kerry's thinking about it. I tell you we need to have a drinking contest on the Democratic side... We're going to have a long, drawn out process."
Brazile on potential 2020 candidates: Eric Garcetti, Beto O'Rourke. "There's a Beto factor out there. There's a lot of energy for Tom Steyer." Mitch Landrieu is still "humming and hawing".
Donna Brazile: People want an outsider for 2020. "They don't want a Democrat with Washington DC talking points."
Cruz: "I celebrate every day that we are a nation of immigrants but also a nation of rule of law. And we can do both."
Cruz: "I was born actually in Canada, in Calgary."
Cruz: If you look at the race between me and Beto O'Rourke, "it didn't get nasty and into personal attacks. He didn't go into the gutter and I didn't go into the gutter."
Cruz: "People are ticked off. Anger is a powerful motivating factor for fundraising and for turnout."
Cruz: "What we saw in Texas this election was truly unprecedented." We saw money flooding in from the outside. "My campaign was outspent three to one."
Cruz: "I thought my primary win over David Dewhurst was terrific. I thought Donald Trump's primary victory over me was not nearly so great."
Cruz: "We're so divided on health care, I think the chances of any meaningful health care legislation passing a Republican Senate and Democratic House are all but zero."
Cruz: "One of the most harmful consequences of Obamacare is that it has made premiums skyrocket."
Cruz: "In Texas we had one hell of a race." I'm grateful that it focused on policy and substance.
Cruz: "Gridlock is not a bug. It's a feature."
Cruz: "There's a tendency in political discourse to demonise your opponents, to caricature your opponents... Twitter has an odd effect of throwing gasoline on the fire and amplifying the extremes... But here's the truth of it. Most people are neither stupid nor evil."
Cruz: I fear Congress will be paralysed. "In the House I think the Democrats have unleashed some of the angriest voices on the left. I think we're going to see two years of investigations and subpoenas and we may well see impeachment."
"... began A Tale of Two Cities with and those words describe in many ways where the American political process is."
At University of Virginia's 20th Annual American Democracy Conference at George Washington University. Senator Ted Cruz: "'It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness.' Those are the words that Charles Dickens..."
@MiaBLove   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
'It’s the story of her party, really. Of what it once realized about the future and how it slouched backward into the past. Of trading the elixir of hope for the toxin of fear.' Frank Bruni of The New York Times on defeated Republican Mia Love: https://t.co/PKTdTZVSEs
'With the exception of national security professionals sticking around to stop Trump from blowing up the world, there are two kinds of people in the president’s orbit — the immoral and the amoral.' From The New York Times: https://t.co/KfMq2JxCPc
Sanders: "The president wants to see American companies build cars here in America, not overseas."
Sanders: This ridiculous witch hunt has gone on for nearly two years. We'd like to see it come to a conclusion.
Sanders: We haven't seen information from the intelligence community that "directly ties" Saudi crown prince Mohammed bin Salman to the Khashoggi killing.
Sanders on Mueller investigation: "We continue to cooperate. We also know there was no collusion and we're ready for this to wrap up."
Sanders: We've seen 400,000 new manufacturing jobs created in the United States since the president was elected.
Sanders on climate assessment report: "We think this is the most extreme version. It's not based on facts. It's not data driven. We'd like to see something that is data driven."
Sanders on climate assessment: The president's certainly leading on what matters most in this process: clean air and clean water. This report is based on the most extreme model scenario.
Sanders on Assange: "We encourage the process to continue to play out but I'm not going to engage on specifics in that case."
Sanders: We would not want children to be in harm's way. Tear gas was used on average once a month during the Obama administration in similar circumstances; in fact, in less serious circumstances.
Asked about Guardian report on Julian Assange meeting Paul Manafort, Sanders replies: Certainly we remain confident in the White House's assertion that the president was not involved any wrongdoing.
Sarah Sanders: The new president of Mexico will be inaugurated on Saturday. President Trump has asked Vice President Mike Pence to lead a delegation including Karen Pence, Rick Perry and Ivanka Trump.
Bolton: "I think President Trump has developed a very positive relationship with President Xi."
Bolton: "People who speak Arabic have listened to the tape and have given us the substance of what's in it... I'm very satisfied that we know what the tapes picked up and it was factored into the president's decision."
Bolton says he has not listened to audio recording of Jamal Khashoggi killing. "What am I going to learn from it? How many people in this room speak Arabic?"
Bolton on Russia and Ukraine: Ambassador Haley spoke for the United States yesterday.
National security adviser John Bolton: President Trump was the first to call Jair Bolsonaro on election night in Brazil. "They had a really outstanding phone call. I think they developed a personal relationship even remotely."
Kudlow: "The rest of the world agrees with us." We signed at the UN a trilateral agreement with the EU and Japan which outlines non-market abuses by China "China should change its practices and come into the community of responsible trading nations."
Kudlow: President Trump is the first president in 20 years "to take actions to defend American workers and our overall economy. Other presidents in both parties have raised the issue and then walked away from it."
Kudlow: "I think we are in far better shape to weather this than the Chinese are."
Kudlow: "Our economy is in very good shape right now."
Kudlow on GM closures: "It's a great disappointment, obviously. The president indicated his own disappointment."
Kudlow: The president stands by tariffs. If there is no progress with China, he is ready to impose"$267 some odd billion" in tariffs.
Kudlow: "We're in very good shape. China, not so good... Most observers believe China to be in a slump whereas the United States is in a very strong, solid position going into this summit."
At White House press briefing. Larry Kudlow on G20: There's going to be a dinner meeting between President Trump and President Xi and their representatives. In President Trump's view, "there's a good possibility a deal can be made and he's open to that".
Went to first night of An Inspector Calls at Shakespeare Theatre Company. Superb performances by Liam Brennan and others in a play that resonates anew. "We don't live alone... if men will not learn that lesson, then they will be taught it in fire and blood and anguish."
Also spotted at the White House. https://t.co/2FozhuuMjD
Went to preview of Christmas at the White House. https://t.co/yILJ1I47Zr
Darroch: Donald Trump and Theresa May speak on the phone every couple of weeks. "It's a very strong, substantive relationship."
Darroch on Brexit: “I think a second referendum is extremely unlikely given that both major parties are opposed to it.”
Darroch: “The best book I’ve read recently is called Hello World... It’s about the impact of algorithms across different areas... For me this was the best piece of learning I’ve done in recent months.”
Darroch: “We’ve seen a historic meeting between the two presidents but we haven’t seen yet real denuclearisation happen in North Korea.”
Darroch: “There are lots of aspects of Russian behaviour that we take issue with so the relationship isn’t good... We will keep the channels open and keep talking to them until the behaviour changes.”
Darroch: “I’m just fascinated how many British actors find work in Hollywood.” A few years ago a British actor played Martin Luther King, which is about as iconic as it gets.
Darroch: “We are good global players and the intention is that will continue if not be enhanced in the future.”
At the Hudson Institute. British ambassador Kim Darroch: Brexit deal now faces third and most difficult stage. “No one would deny it looks quite a tightrope to get across... What the government is carefully avoiding saying is what they would do if the vote is lost.”
'"Nothing on this page is real": How lies become truth in online America.' From The Washington Post: https://t.co/K90Wf0hPsw
'Of Monuments, Arguments, Vampires and Thanksgiving.	John Wayne, Brett Kavanaugh, my brothers Michael and Kevin, and me.' Maureen Dowd in The New York Times: https://t.co/i0OZilxbqV
Trump to turkey: "Peas, I hereby grant you a full pardon."
Trump: "Now is the time to grant Peas and Carrots the pardon they've been waiting for. They are extremely lucky birds."
Trump: "We send our eternal gratitude to the heroes who keep America safe, strong, proud, prosperous and free."
Trump: "We give thanks to God, who continues to shed his almighty grace on this land that we all love so much... This is an incredible time for our country."
Trump on California fires: "I've never seen anything like it. Probably nobody has."
Trump: Peas and Carrots will probably be served by House Democrats with subpoenas. However, I shall issue presidential pardons.
Trump: "Peas and Carrots will both live out the rest of their days at Gobbler's Rest on the campus of Virginia Tech. Good place... They're going to be well taken care of."
Trump: I am pleased to announce today's lucky bird is Peas. "This was a fair election. Unfortunately Carrots refused to concede and demanded a recount, and we're still fighting with Carrots."
Donald Trump: “We are thrilled to be joined today by our great First Lady, Melania.” https://t.co/OqAFCgPk44
In White House rose garden for Thanksgiving turkey pardoning. Ivanka Trump, beaming and looking carefree, sits down with her children.
At the White House. Donald and Melania Trump receive Christmas tree, shake hands, pose for photos. https://t.co/QLFwykNgnY
At the Library of Congress where people are queuing to see the earliest known draft of Lincoln’s Gettysburg address. https://t.co/4k2yLD1rA0
At Willard InterContinental hotel. National Turkey Federation announces turkeys named Carrots and Peas from South Dakota. One will be pardoned by Donald Trump at the White House tomorrow. https://t.co/Xa6MzBDfcf
At election recounts in Broward County, Florida. https://t.co/smfX1FGefA
@RepBrianMast   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@RonaldKlain   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@matthewjdowd   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@ChrisHartline   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @BeschlossDC: In the Paris rain, May 1961, JFK and de Gaulle honor soldiers who gave their lives: https://t.co/4Dh61zgVBI
RT @burke_jason: 'She's made us proud': Ilhan Omar's journey from Somali refugee to US congresswoman. Some lovely quotes in this my piece w…
"For a coup to work, it is first necessary for truth itself to be destroyed as well as the people who try to report it, so the dictator is free to say anything and his followers believe it." Bill Maher's updated dictator checklist: https://t.co/Zu0odBpgKZ
@LarrySabato   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Henry Olsen: In 2020 we could see a second election in a row where Trump loses the popular vote but wins the electoral college. Norm Ornstein: Trump could lose the popular vote by seven or eight million and still win. There are structural issues.
At post-election analysis event at the AEI. Michael Barone: "Democrats were hoping for a blue wave. They got a Whole Foods blue wave. They did very well in districts with a Whole Foods."
Went to press night of Billy Elliot The Musical at Signature Theatre. Magnificent performance by Liam Redford in the title role of a pacy production with evergreen social commentary and a big heart. At least one audience member seen wiping away tears.
Asked about when he called himself a nationalist, Trump replies: "That's such a racist question... I love our country. I do."
Trump: "I'm extraordinarily happy and, if I wasn't, I'd let you know." To win Florida, both the Senate and the governorship, we did very well. Two stars campaigned in Georgia including President Obama. "This is a great victory for us."
Trump: I come in here as a nice person and I see people jumping out of their seats and screaming at me.
Trump: "I also believe that Nancy Pelosi and I can work together and get a lot of things done. And Mitch as well."
Trump: "I think I am a great moral leader and I love our country."
Trump: China would have become the superior economic power in two years. Not now. Not even close.
Trump: "Nobody has done more for Israel than Donald Trump and the nice thing is it's not me saying it, it's Prime Minister Netanyahu."
Trump: "There were some losses last night and there some victories that were incredible. Victories that nobody would believe."
Trump on media: "I would love to see unity and peace and love and any other word you want to use... If they would cover me fairly, which they don't... Look at how little the economy is talked about."
Trump: "This is a hot White House. We are a White House that people want to work with."
Trump: "People leave. I haven't heard about John Kelly. People leave."
Trump: "I won Georgia. President Obama campaigned very hard in Georgia. Oprah Winfrey campaigned all over... I only had me." (Pence, who also campaigned in Georgia, remains stony faced.)
Trump on last night: "I thought it was very close to a complete victory."
Trump: I had a good meeting with Putin that you didn't people agree with, but it doesn't matter.
Trump to Mike Pence on 2020: "Mike, will you by running mate?" (Pence rises, smiles and nods yes.)
Trump on lessons of the night: "I think people like me. I think people like the job I'm doing, frankly."
Trump: Polls came out where my numbers with African Americans and Hispanics are the best they've ever been.
Trump: "I think we could do something to do with Daca... We'll see how it works out with the supreme court."
Trump: "Such a hostile media."
Trump: "Take a look at the CNN polls and see how inaccurate they are. That's voter suppression."
Trump on Mueller investigation: "I think it's very bad for our country. I think it's a shame."
Trump on Mueller investigation: "I could have ended it any time I wanted. I didn't. There was no collusion."
Trump: "We won a lot of elections last night. We did very well last night."
Trump to Jim Acosta of CNN: "You are a rude, terrible person. You shouldn't be working for CNN."
Trump on campaign ad: "They weren't actors. They didn't come from Hollywood."
Trump on immigrants: "I want them to come in but they have to come in legally."
Trump on caravan: "I consider it to be an invasion."
Trump on Democrats: "I think I know more than they know." If they do that, all it is is "a warlike posture".
Trump: "It's a big company, far bigger than you would even understand... If I finished the audit, I would have an open mind to it... Nobody turns over a return when it's under audit."
Trump on tax returns: "They've under audit. They have been for a long time. They're extremely complex. People wouldn't understand them."
Trump: "I'm very happy with most of my cabinet. We're looking at different people for different positions. You know that's very common after the midterms."
Trump: Their whole agenda has been trying to not give me funding for the wall. I think it's bad for them politically.
Trump: "I speak to Democrats all the time. They agree the wall is necessary."
Trump: If Democrats launch investigations into me, "government comes to a halt and I would blame them... There are many things we can get along on... I would like to see bipartisanship. I would like to see unity."
Trump: "Right now we have just about the cleanest air, the cleanest water we've ever had."
Trump: "We must all work together to protect our military."
Trump: "Now is the time for members of both parties to join together, put partisanship aside and keep the American economic miracle going strong."
Trump: "Our trade deals are coming along fantastically."
Trump: "It really could be a beautiful bipartisan type of situation... We have a lot of things in common on infrastructure... There are a lot of great things we could do together."
Trump: I really respected what Nancy said last night about bipartisanship and working together and uniting. I can see it being "extremely good for me politically" because I think I'm better at that game than them.
Trump on Democrats: "I say, come on, let me see what you have. They want to do thing. I keep hearing about investigations fatigue... They can play that game but we can play it better."
Trump: The Democrats will come to us with a plan for infrastructure, a plan for healthcare of whatever, and we'll negotiate.
Trump on Nancy Pelosi: "I give her a great deal of credit for what she's done and what she's accomplished. Hopefully we can all work together next year."
Trump: "America is booming like never before."
Trump: Republicans fared badly in places where they wanted me to stay away. "I'm not sure if I should be happy or sad but I feel just fine about it... Mia Love gave me no love and she lost. Too bad."
Trump: Voters have clearly rebuked Democrats for their handling of the Kavanaugh hearings. Tremendous energy was given to the Republican party.
Trump: I like Oprah Winfrey. "I don't know if she likes me any more but that's OK. She used to."
Trump: In 2010, President Obama lost 63 House seats. By the current count, it looks like 27 seats.
Trump: In his first term Barack Obama lost six Senate seats including in the deep blue state of Massachusetts.
Trump: We got some "tremendous people" over the finish line. This is the biggest Senate gain for a president's party in the first term since President Kennedy in 1962. "We picked up a lot."
At the White House. Donald Trump: "That was a big day yesterday. Incredible day. Last night the Republican party defied history to significantly expand our majority in the Senate." Despite very hostile media. "The media coverage set a new record, new standard."
Zogby: "There is a middle. There is a new party waiting to be formed. It has to be the right moment... It's a centrist, solutions-driven party and I believe it's a millennials dominated party."
Zogby: "For Democrats and Republicans, this is Armageddon. If the other side wins, this is the end of the United States as we know it. This is how it's being framed."
Zogby: "Democrats need to win a convincing victory to brag. Now, why is that? They have demographics on their side, they have young people on their side... but they need momentum to go into 2020. They need a commanding victory, the capacity to bring that Obama coalition out."
Zogby on Trump: "He has gone out of his way to alienate women... There is also the #MeToo movement, so they've learned something about taking power."
Zogby: "Whatever happens today, we're going to have a record number of women. We're going to have a record number of people who are non-white and a different sexual orientation."
Zogby: If Democrats win, they will want blood. There will be investigation after investigation. "It will give a tremendous opportunity to President Trump to run as the victim of a machine, of a network, of an elite that has been running Washington for too long."
Zogby: "Among the 40 million who have turned out so far, we have a sense that 18- to 29-year-olds have been about 5%. That is not a good sign for Democrats."
"turned out to vote."
Zogby: "What we do know from just party registration tracking in the states is that, among these 40 million, Republicans seem to have the edge. Even in a state like Florida, where you have a very high turnout among Democrats, there are still 30,000 more Republicans that have..."
At Washington Foreign Press Center. Pollster John Zogby: "This is a wild one... We do know that early voting was beyond brisk. There were, at last count, about 40 million Americans who exercised their right to vote before election day. That is an incredibly high turnout."
'The last two years have been a stress test for American democracy, and they’ve revealed this country and its worst and at its best. We’ve seen how quickly an entire political party, with shockingly few exceptions, has capitulated to authoritarianism...:' https://t.co/yyoHWBwqu0
RT @BeschlossDC: Barack Obama was elected President ten years ago today: https://t.co/YBd0pvfzij
Obama: "Don't boo. Don't hashtag. Vote."
Obama: "The antidote to government of the few is government by the energised, organised many."
Obama: "I'm hopeful because out of this moment of political darkness I see a great awakening of citizenry."
Obama:  "The choices we make now, they continue. So we got to make the right choice."
Obama: "This isn't some half-baked backwater. This is America!"
Obama: "We need more leaders who will stand up for what's right regardless."
Obama: "We're America. We're not supposed to be thinking that way."
Obama: "If you read the constitution, you gotta know more than one person can decide who is an American citizen."
Obama: "Expecting elected officials to not make stuff up should not be a Democratic or Republican issue... It should not be a partisan matter to say we don't target particular groups of people based on what they look like."
Obama: "The only guardian of truth is you. You and your vote. On Tuesday you can vote for a politics that's decent, for a politics that's honest."
Obama: "When words stop meaning anything. When people can just make stuff up and there's no consequences, democracy can't work."
Obama on Republicans: "They will take your health care away while you're not looking."
Obama on sending troops to US-Mexico border to head off caravan: "The men and women of our military deserve better than that."
Obama: What we have not seen, at least in my lifetime, is people in high office proudly, shamelessly, repeatedly lie and "just make stuff up. Say things they know are not true... The mistruths they tell are specifically geared to terrify us."
Obama on Republicans: "Not only will they not own up to what they have done but they are saying they are the ones who will protect pre-existing conditions... It requires some kind of gumption, some kind of nerve, some kind of chutzpah. We can also call it what it is: it's a lie."
Obama: "I believe in fact based campaigning."
Obama: "I'm definitely losing my voice."
Obama: "Don't boo. Vote. They don't care about your boos but they care about your vote."
Obama: In the last weeks there have been constant attempts to divide us. "They'll say whatever it takes, even if it hurts the country, even if it puts people at risk. It's a cynical game."
Obama: "America's at a crossroads. The health care of millions of people is on the ballot. Making sure families get a fair shake is on the ballot. But maybe most of all, the character of our country is on the ballot."
Obama: "My voice is starting to go so you've got to pay real close attention."
Barack Obama: "This Tuesday may be, I believe, the most important election of our lifetimes... The consequences of any of us staying home are profound."
Abrams: "We are in this together. Our shared story as Georgians is stronger than any fears that may seek to divide us."
At Stacey Abrams rally in Atlanta, Georgia. Warm-up music includes 'My Shot' from Hamilton, never likely to make the Trump rally playlist.
Pence: "Thank you for the privilege of serving as your vice president."
Pence: "These first midterm elections for the party that's in the White House have been a challenge, historically... But I think we all know what President Trump thinks of conventional wisdom. He made history in 2016 and we're going to make history again in 2018."
Pence: "We all know Stacey Abrams' campaign is being bankrolled by Hollywood... I'd like to remind Stacey Abrams and Oprah and Will Ferrell, I'm kind of a big deal too... This ain't Hollywood."
Pence: It's a choice between the proven leadership of Brian Kemp or the "failed liberal resistance agenda of Stacey Abrams. Brian Kemp and Stacey Abrams couldn't be farther apart."
Pence on caravan: "The president has made clear, this is nothing short of an assault on our country and we will not allow it... These caravans are also being driven by the dangerous policies of the Democratic party."
Pence: Justice after the Pittsburgh attack will be swift and severe. "We will not allow violence or antisemitism to take hold in the United States of America."
Pence: "Just like the president, when Brian Kemp becomes governor, he's going to stand without apology for the sanctity of human life... he's going to stand without apology for the men and women on the thin blue line of law and order."
Pence: Since the morning after the election, confidence is coming back, jobs are coming back. "America is back."
Pence: "We got America out of the Paris climate accord." Crowd cheers.
Protester is removed. Crowd chants: "USA! USA! USA!"
Pence says Georgia is home to some of the world's leading companies and lists Delta Airlines, Home Depot, Coca-Cola and, with short pause for emphasis, Chick-fil-A. Crowd cheers.
Pence: "It's been two years of promises made, promises kept and we're just getting started."
Pence mentions Brett Kavanaugh and crowd cheers loudly.
Pence: "African American and Hispanic unemployment has never been this low."
Mike Pence: I spoke to the president from the plane. He wanted me to tell you, "Thank you for your support, Georgia."
At Kemp for Governor rally in Savannah, Georgia. Brian Kemp: "This race is a battle for the soul of our state. It is literally a fight for our future." My opponent has been dishonest.
'There is no understanding Donald Trump without understanding his rallies. They are the crucible of the Trump revolution, the laboratory where he turns his alternative reality into a potion to be sold to his followers.' From The Guardian: https://t.co/itty5aZNgj
Sanders: Trump got elected by an overwhelming majority of 63 million Americans. "90% of what comes out of the media's mouth is negative about the president."
Sanders: "I think the president has had a number of moments to bring the country together."
Sanders: After national tragedies the president has "risen to the occasion" and worked to bring our country together.
Sanders: "It doesn't matter if there's a midterm or not, the president's going to defend himself and fight back."
Sanders: "Certainly we don't support any type of voter suppression. What we do support is voter integrity."
Sanders on China tariffs: "As the president likes to say, 'We'll see what happens'."
Sanders to Jim Acosta of CNN: It's irresponsible of an organisation "like yours" to blame the president for a heinous act.
Sanders on 'enemy of the people' phrase: "The president's not referencing all media. He's talking about the growing amount of fake news that's in the country."
Sanders: "The president has an incredible story to tell. He's had a historic first two years."
Sanders: Democrats such as Eric Holder, Hillary Clinton and Maxine Waters have repeatedly attacked the president. "The president's going to continue to fight back."
Sanders on Saudi Arabia: "The administration is weighing different options."
Sanders: "The president wants to see more people that support his policies elected than not."
Asked about Bolsonaro being described as the 'Trump of the Tropics', Sanders replies: "There's only one Donald Trump, in my opinion."
Sanders on Jair Bolsonaro winning Brazilian election: "We promote human rights all over the world. We value our longstanding relationship with Brazil... We'll see what happens."
Sanders: "The president has denounced racism, bigotry and hatred in all forms on a number of occasions."
Sanders: The president spends every minute of every day looking for the best ways to protect Americans.
Sanders: The very first thing the president did was condemn the pipe bombs and synagogue attack. The very first thing the media did was blame the president. "Outrageous... The president's not responsible for these acts."
Sanders' voice cracks with emotion as she describes Trump's Jewish family members.
Sanders: "The president cherishes the American Jewish community for everything it stands for and contributes to our country. He adores Jewish Americans."
Sanders: "Our nation mourns the loss of these extraordinary Americans."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders on Pittsburgh synagogue massacre: "This atrocity was a chilling act of mass murder, it was an act of hatred and, above all, it was an act of evil... We all have a duty to confront antisemitism."
Went to first night of King John at Folger Theatre. A rarely performed play illuminated by a crisp and clear production that puts the text first. The encounter between Megan Graves's Arthur and Elan Zafir's Hubert is desperately poignant.
RT @jbillinson: Whoever told him this is confusing John Adams with John Quincy Adams. Washington was the only president to never live in th…
As Trump wraps up speech, guests wave ‘Make America great again’ caps and chant: “Trump! Trump! Trump!”
Trump: President number six was the first occupant of the White House.
Trump: “You’re Americans and the future belongs to you. You’re great Americans.”
Trump: “Never, ever give up. Never quit.”
Trump: I first saw Candace Owens with Kanye. “She’s like a rocket ship.”
Audience member: “We love you.” Trump: “I love you too.”
Trump: I said to Ben Carson, “Do you know much about housing?” He said no. I said, “You’ll figure it out”. He’s as smart as there is.
Trump: “You’re really at the forefront of something unbelievably important.”
https://t.co/Snwe2WG9sQ
Trump on Abraham Lincoln: “Honest Abe. I wonder if he was really that honest.”
Trump: “Abraham Lincoln was a Republican, right?”
Trump to young black conservatives: Ex-prisoners are getting a second chance and finding work. African Americans maybe appreciate this more than anything else we’re doing. Many are successful. Not all of course. “Even in this room we probably have a couple of bad ones, right?”
Trump: They should be called the Democrat party, not the Democratic party. “I’m giving them free advice. Change the name. We’ll still beat them because their policies are no good.”
Trump: “The African American unemployment rate has hit the lowest rate ever recorded in the history of our country... That’s a tough sound bite for my opponent.” Man shouts: “Why vote Democrat again?”
Trump: “I promised to be a president for all Americans... The results really speak for themselves.”
Trump: What’s disrespectful? My African American poll numbers went up, up, up.
Trump: When I ran for president and appealed to African American communities, I said: “What the hell do you have to lose?”
Trump: “Illegal immigration has been especially harmful to African American communities and Hispanic American communities.”
Trump mentions “the caravan” and the audience boos. “We want people to come in on merit, not people who come in and have no chance of loving our country, loving our people.”
Chants of “Build that wall! Build that wall”
Trump condemns “globalists”. Someone in audience shouts “Soros!” Someone else shouts: “Lock him up!”
Trump: “You have a right to live in a country that puts your needs first.... Does everyone in this room agree? You’re living in America. America first.” (Guests cheer and chant “USA! USA!”)
Trump: “Our agenda of America First belongs to every citizen.” We’ve been taking care of countries that don’t even vote for us at the UN, giving aid to countries that don’t need it.
Trump: “The worst tendency in our politics is to tell people what they should believe based on race or religion.”
Trump to young black conservatives: “Look at the incredible beautiful and handsome faces. Today you’re not allowed to use those terms but I’ll say it anyway.”
Trump: “They’re attacking us because we’re speaking the truth, changing people’s minds and our policies are working every day.”
Trump mentions Kanye West and there is a big cheer. “He’s very special, interesting.”
Trump: “You refuse to be told by the same failed voices what to think or what to believe... You’re not intimidated by the forces of political correctness.”
Trump on Ben Carson in primary election: “He was so tough customer though. I don’t want to go through that again.”
Trump: “Where are you standing? In the White House. And each of you is playing a historic role in making America great again.”
Trump: “Who in this room wants to be president?... It’s an ambitious group, an ambitious group.”
Trump: “The bottom line is that Americans must unify and show the world we are united.”
Trump: “We must never allow political violence to take root in America and I will do everything in my power to stop it.”
Trump on pipe bombs: Law enforcement has apprehended a suspect and taken him into custody. (Guests cheer.)
At Young Black Leadership summit at the White House. Donald Trump enters to cheers of “USA! USA!” amid forest of raised camera phones.
@hooverwhalen   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
'The Democratic campaign is inadequate to the current moment. It offers no counternarrative to Trump, little moral case against his behavior, no unifying argument against ethnic nationalism.' David Brooks in The New York Times: https://t.co/L6CNc5Frqm
At the White House. Donald Trump returns on Marine One. https://t.co/kKMhEnffCA
Went to the White House and asked Donald Trump about his "unknown Middle Easterners" comment. He replied: "Well, you’re going to have to see that. I have reports. And they have a lot of everybody in that group. It’s a horrible thing. And it’s a lot bigger than 5,000 people."
RT @TheDailyShow: Wait, so the guy running for governor of Georgia is also overseeing the election and state voter registration? That is so…
@TheJuanWilliams   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@MRCONYERS Interview request.
@MRCONYERS   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@RepJohnConyers  Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@TheRevAl   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@OMAROSA   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@RealCandaceO   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
'If the US has someone whom historians will look back on as the gravedigger of American democracy, it is Mitch McConnell. He stoked the hyperpolarization of politics to make the Obama presidency as dysfunctional and paralyzed as he possibly could:' https://t.co/TjVL2fjUwW
RT @Bencjacobs: Per source, Jared and Ivanka are at Chuck E Cheese today https://t.co/ieATqL2NjZ
RT @jbillinson: oh my god, it's hanging in the white house https://t.co/wrq8eo7Bvx
@JohnJamesMI   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
"It was something about when I put this hat on, it made me feel like Superman. You made a Superman." Full transcript of Kanye West and Donald Trump in the Oval Office: https://t.co/fhHNqajfYf
Cunningham: “Space is now part of the American character. Maybe one of the best parts... Let us hope that the desire to explore will remain in the heart of America and the world.”
Cunningham: “One thing is as true today as it was in the 1960s: those who fly into space from every nation are highly motivated to get the job done.”
At Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum. Apollo 7 pilot Walter Cunningham on 50th anniversary of launch: “I can tell you we were not afraid but that does not mean we were not aware of the risks involved.” We were not there for fun or the money. During Apollo 7, I earned $660
Went to first night of Measure for Measure at the Kennedy Center. Stark, strange and gripping Russian language production with distinct echoes of Christine Blasey Ford and the #MeToo movement. "To whom should I complain? Did I tell this,/ Who would believe me?"
Trump departs, saying multiple thank yous.
Trump: "I am optimistic about the future and the future of our independent judiciary... I will always strive to preserve the constitution of the United States and the American rule of law.'
Kavanaugh: "I will work very hard to achieve that goal. I was not appointed to serve one party or one interest but one nation... The confirmation process tested me, as it has tested others, but it did not change me." A good judge must be an umpire.
Kavanaugh: "The Senate confirmation process was contentious and emotional. That process is over. My focus now is to be the best justice I can be... My goal is to be a great justice for all Americans and for all America."
Kavanaugh: My daughters are "smart, strong, awesome girls". I thank their teachers for giving them the day off tomorrow so they can see two arguments before the supreme court.
Kavanaugh thanks his mother and father, who are present. "I'm their only child... I'm forever grateful to them."
Kavanaugh thanks President George W Bush. Trump nods slightly but perceptibly.
Kavanaugh: I'm proud that all four of my law clerks are women, a first on the supreme court.
Kavanaugh: My mom was "a trailblazer for women in law... Women still face many barriers in the American workplace and all of us have a responsibility to address that problem."
Kavanaugh: "I'm grateful to the vice-president for his sound advice and faithful support." Don McGahn was "a warrior for fairness".
Kavanaugh: "I will always be humbled and proud to sit in Justice Kennedy's seat on the supreme court."
Kavanaugh on the supreme court: "It is not a partisan or political institution. The justices do not sit on opposite sides of the aisle. They do not caucus in separate rooms. The supreme court is a team of nine, and I will always be a team player on the team of nine."
Kavanaugh: "Mr President, thank you for everything."
Kavanaugh: "Mr President, thank you for the great honour of appointing me to serve as a justice of the supreme court. I've seen first hand your deep appreciation for the role of the American judiciary." I'm grateful for your "steadfast support".
Anthony Kennedy administers oath. https://t.co/PLQjVJy0qR
Trump: "Let us ask God to bless Justice Kavanaugh and his family as they embark on this incredible journey together."
Trump: "Margaret and Liza's presence tonight reminds us what this historic event – all about your father – is all about... It is up to us to reclaim our heritage of equal and impartial justice."
Trump on Kavanaugh: "He spent 26 years in public service... Known as a judge's judge, he is a fair minded, unbiased and even handed person. He understands that justice must be divorced from the passions of the day."
Trump: We thank Susan Collins "for her brave and eloquent speech and her declaration that when passions are most enflamed, fairness is most in jeopardy. How true."
Trump praises McConnell and encourages him to stand. McConnell rises and gives thumbs up amid applause. Trump says: "I think that's the biggest hand he's ever received."
Trump: Kavanaugh will "defend the eternal rights and freedoms of all Americans".
Trump: "On behalf of our nation, I want to apologise to Brett and the entire Kavanaugh family for the terrible pain and suffering you have been forced to endure." It "violates every notion of fairness, decency and due process". You were proven innocent.
Trump thanks White House counsel Don McGahn. Kavanaugh nods and smiles enthusiastically.
Donald Trump and Brett Kavanaugh enter to standing ovation and whoops of delight. https://t.co/MbOUhdVnHM
Supreme Court justices enter to applause. https://t.co/woIzgMtrUI
At the White House for Brett Kavanaugh swearing-in ceremony. Senator Mitch McConnell enters the east room to applause. He smiles.
RT @FrankBruni: Sellout and sycophant: the double threat and tragic twofer of Lindsey Graham, a man for our morally compromised moment. htt…
@brianefallon   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
'Here's a brief clip from my movie about these sexual predators who control the news and information we receive.' Michael Moore: https://t.co/4S1D2gL5W6
From the archives: 'Is Donald Trump a double agent working on behalf of the Democratic party?' The Guardian on 26 April 2011: https://t.co/N4CmWpk0Ok
At premiere of First Man at Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum. Spoke to Senator Doug Jones, who described the film as "awesome" and was untroubled by the lack of depiction of Neil Armstrong planting the American flag on the moon. "We own it."
Sanders: The president has supported Dr Ford's ability to come forward. He's also been more than happy to give a platform to the accusers against President Bill Clinton. To say he's never sided with women is "ridiculous".
Sanders: "The president's simply stating the facts that she laid out in her own testimony... The Senate has to make a decision... The president believes Judge Kavanaugh should be confirmed. He has a lot of confidence in him."
Sanders to Jim Acosta of CNN: "I don't have any problem stating facts, no. I know that's something you probably do have a problem with."
Sanders: "I think both Dr Ford and Judge Kavanaugh are victims at the hands of the Democrats."
Sanders: "It seems to me that he was stating facts that Dr Ford herself laid out in her testimony... No one's looking at whether the allegations she made are corroborated."
Sanders: "It's interesting that you bring up Bill Clinton. No one wants to hear those accusers."
Sanders: "The president actually encouraged the Senate to hear Dr Ford's testimony in the same way he encouraged them to hear Judge Kavanaugh's."
Sanders: "Judge Kavanaugh and Dr Ford were questioned in the most public way possible by members of the Senate", who will be the ones who have to make the decision.
Sanders: "I've missed you guys, too."
Sanders: ​"Again, I dispute that it was the president doing anything other than stating facts."
Sanders: "Certainly, the testimony by Dr Ford was compelling. We can't make this decision based on emotion. It has to be based on fact."
Sanders on New York Times tax report: It's a totally false attack based on an old news story.
Sanders: "We're pointing out the hypocrisy. Again, none of this would be taking place if Democrats had done this in the normal order and not exploited Dr Ford."
Asked if Trump's mockery of Ford at rally jeopardised Republican votes, Sanders replies: "I don't think so."
Sanders: "The president was stating the facts... that were given during Dr Ford's testimony, and the Senate has to make a decision based on those facts." Kavanaugh's words have been picked apart, yet if anyone says anything about the accusations against him, there is outrage.
Sanders: "One thing is clear: Democrats want to block Kavanaugh and hold the seat open until 2020. This is about politics and power, pure and simple... It's a complete disgrace."
Sanders: Senator Chuck Schumer telegraphed a strategy "to throw the kitchen sink" at Judge Brett Kavanaugh. They are trying to undermine the will of the American people. "This is a coordinated smear campaign."
Sanders: President Trump will travel to Orlando, Florida, on Monday to address international chiefs of police.
Bolton: The Iran material gathered by Israel is "extremely impressive".
Bolton: Europe is going through the seven stages of grief on the Iran nuclear deal and will eventually reach acceptance. "I think that's the direction the Europeans are moving in. European companies in droves are forswearing business opportunities in Iran."
Bolton: "I don't think Iran is dismantling its nuclear programme... I think we're going to apply the maximum amount of leverage we can."
Bolton: "Our policy is not regime change but we do expect change in their behaviour."
Bolton: "The issue is protecting the United States against the politicised use of these international institutions."
Bolton: "These decisions were made before we were aware of the French decision."
Bolton: This has less to do with Iran and the Palestinians than protecting the jurisdiction of the International Court of Justice.
Bolton: "Our dispute has never been with the people of Iran."
Bolton: "Iran is a rogue regime, it has been a threat throughout the Middle East... the central banker of international terrorism."
Bolton: "The United States will not sit idly by as baseless, politicised claims are brought against us."
Bolton: Today Secretary Pompeo made a very important announcement regarding the president's decision to terminate the 1955 Treaty of Amity with Iran. Iran "made a mockery" of the treaty and has persistently pursued hostility towards the United States.
Sanders: "Now I'd like to bring up National Security Adviser Ambassador John Bolton."
At first White House press briefing since 10 September. Sarah Sanders: "Today President Trump is proud to donate his second quarter salary to the Small Business Administration."
Graham: “I finished in the top 17 in our primary.”
Graham: “I thought Dr Ford was treated respectfully. Brett Kavanaugh was treated like crap.” (Audience boos.)
Graham: “In case you’re listening Mr President, I want you to be successful.”
At The Atlantic Festival. Senator Lindsey Graham on John McCain: “When they write the history of the Senate, John will be in the first paragraph.”
'White male rage isn’t restricted to blue-collar guys in diners. It’s also present among people who’ve done very well in life’s lottery, whom you would normally consider very much part of the elite.' Paul Krugman in The New York Times: https://t.co/Mus24Vqxie
Conway denies that Trump is chaotic. “He’s fun. He’s a great boss, particularly to women at the White House.” He has a diverse team and diversity of viewpoints.
Conway: “We have a boom economy and everybody should be happy with that.”
Kellyanne Conway: Revealing that I was sexually assaulted wasn’t planned. “I have great empathy for victims of sexual harassment, sexual assault, rape.”
Clinton: Clarence Thomas "vigorously defended himself" in 1991. "In this case, though, the performance, the behaviour was quite out of bounds. I don't ever remember anything like that."
Hillary Clinton: "Whoever believes there is a judicial temperament... a sense of fairness, there's a lot to be concerned about."
Flake: “We’ve got to find a way to look at each other and trust each other again and not question each other’s motives.”
Coons: “We are an exceptional nation and we are at risk of losing it all to a populist mob mentality.”
Flake: “When I walked into that room and saw the food fight going on between our parties.... Chris gave a very sober, rational speech about how we can move forward... The Supreme Court is the last institution that people have faith in. If that faith has gone, God help us.”
Senator Jeff Flake on retirement: “I simply couldn’t run the campaign I needed to run and succeed in this environment.”
Coons on serving in Senate: I said to my wife last week, is this really a good investment? But for the constitution, the Senate must work. “I cannot abandon this post. If the people of Delaware will have me, I’ll do it again.”
At The Atlantic Festival. Senator Chris Coons: Jeff Flake and I have travelled and seen other models, other ways of doing things. “On the continent of Africa, they are ascendant.”
Went to first night of Labour of Love at Olney Theatre Center. Terrific, amusing, even-handed ride through the agonies and ecstasies of the British Labour party with characters and performances that embody political ideas but take on lives of their own.
Trump: "I don't want to talk about plan B because I hope that he gets approved." He's been treated horribly. Even if they were going to bring up these subjects, they didn't have to treat him so viciously and violently as they've treated him.
Trump: "We have a lot of catching up to do with China."
Trump: They were dumping dead steel, imperfect steel in our country. Very unsafe in bridges. They were going to knock out every steel plant we had and they going to double or triple the price.
Trump: "I think he's a fine man. I think he's a great scholar." He focused on being number one at Yale, at high school. "I could so understand the way he said that."
Trump: "What they're doing to this man is very sad."
Trump: Lindsey Graham was terrific the other day. The judge has been treated "really, really horribly". What I'm concerned is that we get "great, great people" on the supreme court.
Trump (angry) to Kaitlan Collins of CNN: "Hey, you've had enough!"
Trump: "I'm not a drinker. I can honesty say I never had a beer in my life... I've never had alcohol, for whatever reason. Can you imagine if I had, what a mess I'd be?"
Trump: "Dianne Feinstein knew about this two months earlier. If she wanted a really thorough investigation, she had all the time in the world... She probably leaked it, but who am I to say?"
Trump: "Take a look at the judge who has lived an exemplary life. You're going back to high school because he had beer?"
Trump: "There are bad reports on everybody sitting here. Except Mike Pence, by the way."
Trump: "I was surprised at how vocal he was about the fact that he likes beer and that he's had a little bit of difficulty... This is not a man who said he was perfect in respect to alcohol."
Trump: "I think the press has treated me unbelievably unfairly... They're worse now than ever."
Trump: "I happen to know some United States senators. One on the other side who is pretty aggressive. I've seen that person in very bad situations... somewhat compromising."
Trump on Kavanaugh: "I think he spoke very conclusively and very well."
Trump: "I think the FBI should interview anybody they want within reason."
Trump on Christine Blasey Ford: "She spoke but there are some questions that haven't been answered... I respect her position very much."
Trump: "It's so unfair to his kids and his wife."
Asked if the FBI should investigate all Kavanaugh's accusers, Trump replies: "It wouldn't bother me at all."
Trump: "We don't want to go on a witch hunt, do we?"
Trump: "The FBI's really working hard. They're putting in a lot of hours... I've already made my judgment."
Trump: "My White House will do whatever the Senators want... The one thing I want is speed... This is the seventh investigation of Judge Kavanaugh."
Trump: "This is so bad for our country but I tell you, I watched those Senators on the Democratic side, and I thought it was a disgrace."
Trump: "I think it's almost part of my job description to handle this crap."
Trump: "I want it to be comprehensive. I actually think it's a good thing for Judge Kavanaugh." I want it to go quickly because it's unfair to him at this point. "What his wife is going through, what his beautiful children are going through, is undescribable."
Trump on Kavanaugh: "I think the FBI should do what they have to do to get to the answer." Look at the trauma he and his family have had to go through for a man who has never had an accusation.
Trump: "You people are falling asleep with trade. I don't know, I think it's the most exciting thing we can talk about."
Trump: "ICE walk into MS-13 and treat it like another day at the office. They're rough and they're tough and they love our country."
Trump: "The women of our country, they want security."
Trump: "Border security to the people of our country, very important." They don't want crime, MS-13 pouring into our country.
Trump: "We're getting $1.6 billion for the wall this year."
Trump: "People are coming out for this one and saying, 'That's incredible, what you've been able to do.'"
Trump: "We're losing $100 billion a year to Mexico in deficits under Nafta."
Trump: "We have the greatest economy in the history of our country... They would be voting for me if I was on the ticket but I'm not on the ticket... We have Senate races that were not even in play six months ago."
Trump on Democrats: "Their whole campaign is resist. They don't even know what they're resisting."
Trump on Democrats: "They might be willing to throw one of the great deals for people and workers for political purposes."
Trump: "We have a great relationship with Canada and now I think it will be better than ever... The only problem with Justin is he loves his people." Our relationship got testy over the last couple of months.
Trump: "My biggest concession was making the deal because we are the one people want to come and take from... We lose with everybody."
Trump: "Scott Walker, I think, is a fantastic governor, talks about it all the time: our farmers were not treated properly by Canada."
Trump: "Dairy was a deal breaker and now for our farmers it's considerably opened up."
Trump: "We are not going to let our steel industry disappear. It was almost gone." If we had waited another couple of years, there would have been no steel industry. "I don't want plants closing. They're hiring thousands of workers all over the country."
Trump: You will have cases where countries are not willing to be fair and reciprocal and we will impose tariffs.
Trump: "If we can't make a deal with the European Union, we will respectfully put tariffs on the cars."
Trump: We've had presidents of the United States. They never spoke to India. Brazil is another. India "really charge tremendously high tariffs".
Trump: "We need steel and we need it badly for defence."
Trump: Our steel industry is stronger than it's been for 25 years.
Trump: "We don't have a deal with China. There is no deal. They do whatever they want."
Trump: "Look, I don't blame China, I blame our leadership. They should never have let that happen."
Trump: "I always say, we rebuilt China."
Trump: "He's a good man, he's done a good job and he loves the people of Canada."
Trump on Trudeau: "We had very strong tensions... It's not Nafta redone, it's a brand new deal. I just spoke with him. We have a very good relationship... There was a lot of tension, I will say... It's all worked out."
Lighthizer: "Millions of Americans will benefit for years to come because of this vision and, more importantly, this grit."
Lighthizer: "This paradigm shifting model rests on three pillars:" fairness, a host of ambitious provisions, and new provisions designed to eliminate unfair trade practices.
Robert Lighthizer: "This agreement is historic in many ways... We have done this in 14 months and believe me, in trade negotiation terms, that's warp speed."
Trump: Our thoughts and prayers go to the survivors and victims of the Las Vegas shooting one year ago today.
Trump on Indonesia: "A friend of mine who studies natural disasters – I don't know why he does that but he does – says the tsunami is the worst of all."
Trump: African American, Asian, Hispanic unemployment are all "the lowest in history".
Trump: "We have to have a strong manufacturing base and manufacturing sector and a thriving economy." Our military will be the strongest it's ever been. Weapons built in America.
Trump: The European Union were tough on America but I think we'll have a successful negotiation. "Who knows? I always say, who knows?"
Trump: "China wants to talk, and we want to talk to them, and we want them to help us with North Korea."
Trump: Because of the power of tariffs, in many cases we won't have to use them. "That's how powerful they are and how good they are."
Trump: "India, which is the tariff king, called us and said we want to begin negotiations immediately... 'We want to keep your president happy.'"
Trump: "By the way, without tariffs we wouldn't be talking about a deal. That includes those babies out there who say no tariffs."
Trump: I intend to sign it by the end of November. It will be sent to Congress and it should be no problem, but even if it's the greatest deal ever, Congress will find something.
Trump: Peña Nieto and Trudeau "love their countries and want to do right for their countries, and that's what they've done".
Trump: "People want to be back in the United States again. As I say, the United States is respected again."
Trump: "It will turn America back into a manufacturing powerhouse."
Trump: "Once approved, this will be a new dawn for the American auto industry and for the American worker."
Trump: "It's a privilege for China to do business with us. It's a privilege for the European Union, who has treated us very badly, but that's coming along, to do business with us."
Trump: "I don't want to see our companies leave and fire our workers, and those workers don't get new jobs... Those days are over."
Trump: Under Nafta, car parts were made abroad, assembled in Canada or Mexico and sent to the US without tax. "With this agreement we are closing all of these terrible loopholes."
Trump: Products including ice cream. "I want to be very specific."
Trump: "This is a very, very big deal for our farmers." Canada and Mexico will be opened up to our farmers. "I think there'll be a better spirit between our three countries."
Trump: "Mexico and Canada have agreed to strong new labour protections, environmental protections and protections for intellectual property."
Trump: "Actually, you had some Democrats say this is really amazing if he got all of that." I'm sure by tomorrow they will change.
Trump on Justin Trudeau: "A lot of stories came out about us having difficulties together... but it turned out to be a very good deal for us both... This is a terrific deal for all of us."
Trump: "I want to thank President Peña Nieto. We had a few disagreements but I like him a lot. I think he may like me; I'm not sure."
Trump: "The agreement will govern nearly $1.2 trillion in trade, which makes it the biggest trade deal in United States history."
Trump: "As a businessman I used to say, how could anyone sign a deal like Nafta?... We've been treated so unfairly by so many nations all over the world and we're changing that."
Trump: I'm here to share "historic news" with the American people. We have replaced Nafta with USMCA. "It just works... It has a good ring to it."
At the White House. Donald Trump: “It’s really great to see everybody on this beautiful, beautiful day in Washington DC.” https://t.co/V3EuoLjowc
Went to first night of Born Yesterday at Ford’s Theatre and spoke to Jeff Sessions, who gave a tactile greeting and said he enjoyed the show but declined to comment on Rod Rosenstein.
Kagan: “Can we get over the determinism here? Democracy is a struggle. It’s not destined to win and it’s not destined to lose.”
Kagan: “I don’t think we can do anything to prevent China wielding economic influence in the world.”
Kagan: “Tony Blair had the balance exactly right. He had the special relationship with Europe and he had the special relationship with the United States.”
Kagan: “One of the reasons I’m so pessimistic about Europe is the UK’s decision to leave... It accelerates the return to the German question.”
Kagan: “I don’t think we are fated that the whole thing is going to blow up but I do think we have to realise what the dangers are.”
Kagan: “What worries me more is the collapse of the Europe we know.... We kid ourselves if we think that Europe can’t fall apart... and repeat the problems of the past.”
Kagan: “Trump is certainty the first US president since World War Two who wants to overthrow the liberal order.” He supports nationalist forces in Europe. In Britain he doesn’t even support Theresa May and the Conservatives.
Kagan: “I think communism failed because it did even more violence to human nature than liberalism does.”
Kagan: “America has a lot of dark, ugly elements that are always seething beneath the surface, and sometimes they’re not beneath the surface.”
Kagan: “I think Europe is in some ways in more trouble than it’s been since after World War Two.” Americans are generally unaware of this or don’t care.
At the Brookings Institution. Robert Kagan: Trump has a personality defect and we’re seeing that play out in domestic politics and now internationally. “He lacks human empathy and that’s a big deal in the leader of the most powerful country in the world.”
RT @TheDailyShow: TONIGHT: A statue of Nelson Mandela was unveiled at the U.N. and it’s READY. https://t.co/S9a2oq0yEk
South African president Cyril Ramaphosa speaking at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York, responding to Donald Trump's "killing of farmers" tweet and taking questions from civil rights activist Jesse Jackson: https://t.co/OQ0FYmVaBi
Bauer: "What she's saying is unproven and, I would argue, unprovable... We can't prove what she said but there is something we can prove and that is Judge Kavanaugh's character."
Gary Bauer, president of American Values: "I can't imagine what it has felt like to be Judge Kavanaugh in that hearing room with some of the things that have been pulled. It's almost like political water-boarding - that's what our confirmation process has become."
McConnell: “We’re changing America more than a lot of people recognise, but I’m glad you do.”
At Values Voter summit. Senator Mitch McConnell: It’s been a great year for America as a right of centre country. “Look at how angry the left are. The angrier they’ve been, the better we’re doing.”
@MonicaLewinsky   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@EleanorNorton   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@NinaTotenberg   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@RickFamuyiwa   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @billmaher: The new campaign slogan for the @DNC should be: #WereNotSocialistsYoureTraitors #Midterms2018 https://t.co/mQCIMW75Jt
@Westmoreland_GA   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@KasimReed   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
At British ambassador’s residence. Prince Edward: “I bring greetings from Her Majesty the Queen.” https://t.co/EXmRuTkfIO
‘If you were in the White House, how would you tackle Trump?’ | Jonathan Freedland https://t.co/eIoBoWiqPI
RT @wjosephcampbell: Front page @wsj, 25 June 1974, 10 days after publication date of 'All the President's Men' @jackshafer https://t.co/Wq…
RT @HillaryClinton: Six weeks after the administration's deadline to reunify families, 497 children are still waiting.	https://t.co/CoXkLvy…
RT @RyanLizza: Today https://t.co/2vLkjz8qbk
RT @EdwardGLuce: Entire McCain memorial - from the words of Lieberman, Kissinger, Bush, Obama &amp; others, to the applause they receive - is a…
'Too many people fell into the simplistic binary thinking that plagues our country and steamrolls its politics: that he had been good and thus nothing bad could be said of him, or the opposite.' Rebecca Solnit on John McCain: https://t.co/aa4TiH6VFV
Senator Lindsey Graham pats the casket a few times. https://t.co/Otce2tJ1It
Kissinger at McCain’s casket. https://t.co/LtJ4v2QXJa
McCain’s widow Cindy bows over his casket. https://t.co/1KepxLMIQ2
Meghan McCain and 106-year-old Roberta McCain holding hands. Mike Pence speaking. Joe Lieberman and 95-year-old Henry Kissinger looking on. https://t.co/qIPWAZeTvM
At US Capitol where Senator John McCain is lying in state. Senator Mitch McConnell paying tribute. https://t.co/19L1LUITxs
RT @ZekeJMiller: Trump on press: "i have a better education than they do from a much better school...I went to better schools - I went to b…
RT @AmbassadorRice: OMG.  I’ve seen a lot of leaders go to Africa and get moved by the spirit, but this takes the cake. Somebody help her,…
@MarkLeibovich   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @helenecooper: In 1913, the white South African government stripped black people of the right to own land outside a few plots set aside…
RT @Noahpinion: This about sums up the Republican party right now. https://t.co/Kh1G3QocZD
Went to first night of Passion at Signature Theatre. Flawless production of strange, hypnotically fascinating musical with ephemeral songs. Natascia Diaz's voice reveals purity in a wretched heroine/ villainess.
RT @patrickgaspard: The President of the US needs political distractions to turn our gaze away from his criminal cabal, and so he’s attacki…
RT @BeschlossDC: Pre-printed ticket for Richard Nixon’s trial by Senate after impeachment, October 1974—never used because Nixon resigned:…
@LannyDavis   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @brianstelter: In tonight's @ReliableSources: The very first look at this week's @TIME cover. @TonkaOBrien's first two illustrations in…
RT @ddale8: This is the first time Trump has used the word “Africa” on Twitter as president - to express support for white people, on the r…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations…
'The real news of the past few weeks isn’t that Trump is a wannabe Mussolini who can’t even make the trains run on time. It’s the absence of any meaningful pushback from Congressional Republicans.' Paul Krugman in The New York Times: https://t.co/x0S4wUhcFk
@carlbernstein  Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@JohnWDean   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
‘Trump’s genius has been to exploit and weaponize the discontent that has been brewing over decades of globalization and technological upheaval.’ Frank Rich in New York Magazine:  https://t.co/32aXc9DgZF
Went to first night of The Color Purple at the Kennedy Center. Spare, solid musical lifted by beautiful singing from Carla Stewart, Carrie Compere and Adrianna Hicks, whose physical and emotional journey is a tour de force.
Challenged by Acosta as to whether the media are the enemy of the people, Sanders replies: "I appreciate your passion. I share it. I've addressed this question." I'm here to speak for the president.
Sanders to CNN's Jim Acosta: "The media has attacked me personally, including your network." You hired a comedian at White House dinner to insult me.
Sanders on voter ID law: "We're looking to do everything we can at this point to protect the 2018 elections." If I return something to a department store, if I cash a cheque, I have to show my ID. If you're voting for the next leader, it's not outrageous to ask for ID.
Sanders: "The president's been clear: he's going to hold China's feet to the fire."
Sanders: Our intelligence shows there are a number of other countries looking at interfering in the 2018 election.
Sanders: "The goal at the end of the day is to get China to end the unfair trade practices it's engaged in for decades."
Sanders: "It's completely understandable for the president to be frustrated."
Sanders on Ivanka Trump comments: "The president himself has stated that he doesn't like the idea of family separations." The president is "rightfully frustrated" that 90% of the media coverage is negative.
Sanders: Trump received a letter from North Korean leader Kim on 1 August. There is not a second meeting that is locked in or finalised.
Coats: We already have a lot of sanctions in place and I would support any action that sends Russia a message that "there's a price to pay".
Wray: We are not yet seeing the same kind of efforts to target election infrastructure. But at any moment the dial could be turned up.
Wray: We have to have a public-private partnership. We are working to engage with the social media companies. Much more robust than before the 2016 election.
Bolton: The president has made it abundantly clear he expects everyone to do their jobs.
Bolton on Helsinki summit: The issue was discussed and in fact President Putin "said the first issue President Trump raised was election meddling".
Coats: "The Russians are looking for every opportunity regardless of party... to continue their pervasive effort to undermine our fundamental values."
Coats on Russia: It's not the kind of "robust campaign" that we saw in the 2016 election. "They stepped up their game big time in 2016."
Wray: I can assure the American people that the men and women of the FBI are going to focus on doing their jobs.
Coats: "We're throwing everything at it." I won't go public with discussions with the president. The threat is "real". Russia's intent to undermine our democratic values. "Today we're here to talk about elections coming up."
Wray: This threat is not going away. Russia attempted to interfere in the last election and continues to engage in malign operations to this day. This is a threat we must take seriously. With our partners, I'm confident we can protect the integrity of our democratic institutions
Wray: We have three pillars: investigations and operations; information sharing and intelligence sharing; our strong relationships with the private sector. "Technology companies have a frontline responsibility to secure their own networks."
FBI Director Christopher Wray: "Our adversaries' influence operations have encompassed a wide range of activities." Criminal efforts to suppress voting, cyber attacks on voting systems, manipulating news stories, spreading disinformation, escalating divisive issues.
Nielsen: The progress we have made is real and our elections are better protected today because of the work we are all doing.
Nielsen: Our department stands ready to provide tailored support depending on jurisdictions' needs. "This is another example where one size does not fit all." Everyone must play their role to make sure "every vote is counted and every vote is counted correctly".
Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen: "A single attack can have widespread and cascading consequences... Our democracy itself is in the cross-hairs." Elections are the target of our adversaries.
Coats: My office leads the inter-agency working group now meeting weekly as we push towards November to ensure election security and integration of our efforts.
Coats: "We continue to see a pervasive messaging campaign from Russia to try and weaken and divide the United States." We also know the Russians tried to hack into and steal information from candidates.
Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats: The president has specifically directed us to make the matter of election meddling "a top priority... We have incorporated the lessons learned from the 2016 election."
Bolton: Many federal government actions to protect elections are "sensitive" and "highly classified".
National Security Adviser John Bolton on election interference: It's important we address the president's engagement, "his leadership, his determination... We meet on his constantly."
Sanders: "We addressed what occurred during the 2016 election numerous times."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "Since the beginning of his administration, President Trump has implemented a whole government approach to safeguarding our nation's elections."
@AntonioSabatoJr  Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@RonDeSantisFL   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @hunterw: The investigation is not fully based on the dossier. I tried to interject with this in the briefing room. https://t.co/17vx5nI…
Sanders on Mueller: "It's not weak for the president of the United States to state his opinion."
Asked if Trump thinks Manafort is innocent, Sanders replies: "I don't believe that's the president's role to play. He believes he's been treated unfairly."
Sanders on Tampa rally protests against CNN: "While we support freedom of the press we also support freedom of speech. Those things go hand in hand."
Sanders: We fully support a free press but the media routinely now reports on classified information during this and previous administrations. It's a two way street. It's now standard to abandon ethical practices.
Sanders on Trump rally in Tampa: "The president condemns and denounces any group that would incite violence against another individual... The president does not support violence against anyone or anything."
Sanders on potential government shutdown: "The president isn't focused on the timing of before or after the election. He's focused on the result... Our immigration system is completely broken... Stop kicking the ball down the field."
Sanders: I think you can see today "the president's not happy with Turkey's decision".
Sanders on Sessions: "The president's very well aware of how the process works."
Sanders on refugees: The president wants to make sure we know who they are and they pose no threat to the American public. "The number one priority is national security."
Sanders on space force: "We're continuing to work the Department of Defense to figure out the best way forward."
Sanders: "The president has allowed this process to play out but he thinks it's time to come to an end."
Sanders: "The president's stating his opinion. It's not an order. But he's been crystal clear about how he feels about this investigation from the beginning... The entire investigation is based off a dirty, discredited dossier."
Sanders on Trump's rally comment: "If you go to a grocery store and you buy beer or wine, you're certainly going to show your ID."
Sanders on Mueller investigation: "We certainly think it should be completed. We'd like it to be completed sooner rather than later." They've still come up with nothing against the president.
Sanders: "The president is not obstructing, he's fighting back. The president is stating his opinion and stating it clearly... There is a reason the president's angry and frankly most of America is angry as well."
Sanders: "The goal of the tax cuts and reforms package was to provide the greatest amount of relief to the greatest number of Americans and we certainly feel it's done that."
Sanders: "The bottom line is the president's going to continue to hold China responsible for their unfair trade practices. This has gone on long enough and he's going to do something about it... We'd like to see the playing field levelled."
Sanders on Trump's Sessions tweet: "It's not an order. It's the president's opinion." This is a "ridiculous" witch hunt.
Sanders: The US is sanctioning Turkey's justice minister and interior minister over detention of pastor Andrew Brunson.
Sanders: We will support the people of California. "Our prayers are with the firefighters who recently lost their lives."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "We have seen all of the alarming images of the wildfires causing damage out west."
‘Trade Trump for Pence and you go from kleptocracy to theocracy.’ Frank Bruni in The New York Times:  https://t.co/zo7wRjlWRK
Trump: "Sanctions on Russia will remain as is."
Conte: Sanctions against Russia cannot represent an end.
Conte on Minsk agreement: "It is unthinkable to overnight lift those sanctions."
Conte on Russia sanctions: "We are open to dialogue with Russia. We do believe Russia plays a fundamental role in all geopolitical international crises." We must accept they have a seat at the table.
Conte: "I'm going to organise a conference on Libya." We would like to discuss economic and social aspects, protection of civil rights.
Trump on Iran: "No preconditions. If they want to meet, I'll meet."
Trump: I had a great meeting with President Putin and a great meeting with Nato. "I would certainly meet with Iran if the wanted to meet... I'm ready to meet with Iran any time they want to... I don't do that from strength or weakness." I think it's appropriate.
Trump: "I'll meet with anybody. I believe in meeting... especially when you're talking about potentials of war and death and famine." I met, as you know, Chairman Kim, and a missile hasn't been fired in nine months.
Trump: One of the biggest we've done is "the tremendous cuts in regulation". Horrible regulations. I want the cleanest air, the cleanest water, the best regulations "but you had 10 regulations for every point in some cases". I think that Italy will "follow suit".
Conte: "We're trying to eliminate corruption pockets."
Conte: "I'm every envious of the growth figures in the United States."
Trump: "The European Union has totally taken advantage of the United States. We can't let that happen."
Trump on US economy: "We've had numbers that nobody believed possible." $52 billion reduction in the trade deficit for the quarter.
Conte on Trump: He defends the interests of the American people. "He's a great negotiator."
Trump: "If you speak to Secretary General Stoltenberg, I think he's the biggest fan of Trump because he couldn't collect money until Trump came along... Nato's become a lot stronger because of it."
Trump: "We had a very good G7 meeting. That's where Giuseppe and I became friends. I think we were probably more closely aligned than anyone else in the room."
Conte: We had "a fruitful exchange" both at the Nato summit and the G7 summit. We agreed on the need to reform the WTO.
Trump: "I would be certainly willing to consider a shutdown if we don't get proper border security... I have no red line, unlike President Obama. I just want great border security."
Trump: "We have to end the lottery, we have to end the chain. The chain is like a disaster. You bring one person in and you end with 32 people... The whole thing is ridiculous and we have to change our laws."
Trump: ICE have been maligned by the Democrats. They go into these "nests" of MS-13 killers.
Trump on shutdown: "I'll always leave room for negotiation but this has been many years... even decades. We have immigration laws, border security, all sorts of things going on, it's disgraceful."
Conte: We can improve relations with the United States in aerospace fields. We are cooperating with Nasa.
Conte: "As far as Russia is concerned, Italy is favourable to a dialogue with Russia... so we can have positive results from a more global perspective for stability and security purposes."
Conte: The European Union now has a responsibility to not leave the weight of the management of immigration on the countries of first arrivals like Italy.
Conte: "Donald and I have concentrated on a number of topics... I would say we are almost twin countries. Italy is becoming a reference point in Europe for the United States."
Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte: "We have made a very fruitful step ahead." Our government and the Trump administration are both governments that represent change.
Trump: "We're both outsiders in politics. Can you believe it?... We're both determined to protect the rights and needs and dreams of our citizens."
Trump: "We discussed our shared goal of combating unfair foreign trade practices... They're brutal, but we're winning."
Trump: "Now is also the perfect time to expand commerce between the United States and Italy." America's economy is expanding in so many areas.
Trump: "The prime minister and I agree the brutal regime in Iran must never be allowed to possess a nuclear weapon. Never."
Trump: "I would have no problem doing a shut down. It's time we have proper border security. We're the laughing stock of the world. We have the worst immigration laws anywhere in the world."
At the White House. Donald Trump: “Prime minister, I want to start by congratulating you on your tremendous election victory.” We are pleased to announce “a new strategic dialogue” between Italy and the United States. https://t.co/BLsqEaqCSE
Trump: Like the United States, Italy is under tremendous strain because of illegal immigration. "The prime minister is with us today because of illegal immigration... The prime minister and I are united in our conviction that strong nations must have strong borders."
'The rules for beating Donald Trump.' From The New York Times: https://t.co/1Fc8JSdCyb
Went to press night of Dave at Arena Stage. Hugely enjoyable, crisply directed musical version of the 1993 film comedy with surprising emotional range. Highly topical for Washington without trying too hard - some of the biggest laughs are for timeless jokes about pandas.
'They thought this was Trump country. Hell no.' From The Guardian: https://t.co/NYgyFOQJSb
Spicer: “I’m not sure if my mom is here yet.”
Spicer: “To be able to go the White House every day was an awesome, awesome experience.”
Spicer: “My favourite moment at the White House was when the New England Patriots came to the White House.”
Spicer on cancellation of book tour stop in Massachusetts: The left “want to snuff out a lot of discussion. I don’t think that’s good.” We should be able to discuss policy without it being world war three every time.
Spicer on White House: “I expected to stay a little longer but I think I found a sweet spot and it was the right time for both myself, my family and the president.”
Spicer: Part of Josh Earnest’s handover note to me said: “Despite our partisan differences, I can’t help but root for you to succeed.”
Spicer: “Clearly we could have done a lot of things better that day. Suit choice.”
Spicer on first press briefing: “If I could get a do over, that would be it.”
Spicer: I got a call from the president-elect asking me to be press secretary. “I just had visions of The West Wing running in my head. That was my prep.”
At Sean Spicer book launch at Pearl Street Warehouse. “Sean, nice suit, good choice.” https://t.co/LtmrrkdK8n
"You led us down a dangerous path. You have corrupted discourse for the entire world by going along with these lies." Emily Maitlis of the BBC interviews Sean Spicer: https://t.co/PvYkn5dk4l
At State Department press briefing. Question: “What did the secretary think of that press conference in Helsinki?” Spokesperson Heather Nauert: “I have not asked him that question.”
Harris: A patriot is someone who will “fight every day for the ideals of our country”. One day our children and grandchildren will ask us about this inflection point; “we will be able to talk not only about how we felt but what we did and what action we took”.
Harris: We’ve got 11 million Americans paying more than half their income in rent in this country. “That’s a crisis.” Two million people are evicted a year. “That’s a crisis.”
Harris: This is an inflection point in the history of our country. We are looking in the mirror and asking who we are. “We are better than this.”
At National Conference on Ending Homelessness. Senator Kamala Harris: “We cannot be dispirited, we cannot be overwhelmed, we cannot throw up our hands when we should be rolling up our sleeves.”
At the White House. Sarah Sanders: In the two weeks since he was nominated for the supreme court, Judge Kavanaugh has met 23 senators, all Republican. Chuck Schumer should stop playing political games.
Bridenstine: “I want to be clear about the space force. I support it 100%. I always have supported it.” The president has made clear he wants something separate from the air force but equal in stature.
Bridenstine: “If I achieve one thing as Nasa administrator... let people know how critical space is to their everyday lives... Whoever controls the technology controls the balance of power.”
Bridenstine: International relations “devolve” but American and Russian astronauts depend on each other in space. Nasa is “an amazing soft power tool for the United States of America”.
At CSIS. Nasa administrator Jim Bridenstine: “People ask me, ‘Are you going to be leading the space force?’ I have to tell you that’s not what Nasa is and that’s not what Nasa does.”
'Barack Obama's Johannesburg speech in full.' From The Guardian: https://t.co/T2h0imzTKD
“I want Putin for a sushi dinner, I want Cosby for the slumber party, Harvey Weinstein for movie night and security will be handled by MS-13.” Stephen Colbert on Donald Trump: https://t.co/wxegEIjB0p
Barack Obama delivers the 2018 Nelson Mandela annual lecture in Joburg, marking the 100th anniversary of Mandela’s birth: https://t.co/Re2tELzwrj
Trump adds: "If they had it, it would have been out long ago."
Asked if he has compromising material on Trump, Putin replies: "I did hear these rumours. When President Trump visited Moscow back then, I didn't even know he was in Moscow... Nobody informed me that he was in Moscow... Please disregard these issues."
Putin on Crimea: President Trump "continues to maintain that it was illegal to annex it. Our viewpoint is different."
Putin: The most recent allegation against 12 Russian officers. "Do send us the request. We will analyse it properly and we will send a formal response."
Putin: "I was an intelligence officer and I know how dossiers are made up."
Trump on election interference: "President Putin was extremely strong and powerful in his denial today."
Trump: Dan Coats said to me it's Russia. President Putin said it is not. "I don't see any reason why it would be." I want to know where is the server. "What happened to Hillary Clinton's emails? 30,000 emails just gone." I don't think in Russia they would be gone.
Trump: Why was the FBI told to leave the office of the DNC. "Where is the server? I want to know. Where is the server and what is the server saying?"
Putin presents Trump with a football and says: "Now the ball is in your court." Trump: "That will go to my son Barron, no question."
Trump: "Our militaries have probably got along better than our political leaders for years."
Trump: We've worked with Israel for many years, many decades. President Putin is also helping Israel. They would like to do certain things with respect to Syria. We could work on that jointly. "I think working with Israel is a great thing."
Asked if he wanted Trump to win the election, Putin replies: "Yes I did because he talked about bringing the Russian relationship back to normal."
Putin: For example Bill Browder.
Putin: We can offer that Robert Mueller can use a treaty to send request for us to question individuals accused of crimes and send the appropriate materials to the United States. Mueller's team can be present for the questioning. We expect the Americans would reciprocate.
Putin: "We have to be guided by facts, not by rumours." I don't know the full extent of the situation of the 12 indicted Russian military officers. President Trump mentioned it and I will look into it.
Putin: "We should be guided by facts. Can you name a single fact that would definitively prove collusion? This is nonsense."
Putin: "Where did you get this idea that President Trump trusts me or I trust him? He defends the interests of the United States and I defend the interests of the Russian Federation."
Trump: "We ran a brilliant campaign and that's why I'm president."
As Trump recalls his electoral college victory, Putin turns to look at him, his mouth a straight line betraying little emotion.
Trump: "I beat Hillary Clinton easily." It's a shame there's a little cloud over it. "It's ridiculous what's going on with the probe."
Trump: I hold both countries responsible. The United States has been foolish, we've all been foolish. "We should have had this dialogue a long time ago... We have both made some mistakes. I think the probe is a disaster for our country... There was no collusion at all."
Putin: "We do have space for cooperation here."
Putin: "We as a major oil and gas power, and the United States as a major oil and gas power as well, can work together on international regulation of markets."
Trump on Russia-Germany pipeline: I discussed with Angela Merkel "in pretty strong tones but I also know where they're all coming from".
Trump on Putin: "I called him a competitor, and a good competitor he is. The word competitor is a compliment."
Trump: "This was a very constructive day, this was a very constructive few hours that we spent together... I'm sure we'll be meeting again in the future, often." (They shake hands.)
Trump: "President Putin, I want to thank you again for joining me for these important discussions."
Trump: "Today's meeting is only the beginning of a long process but we have taken the first steps towards a brighter future."
Trump: "I emphasised the importance of putting pressure on Iran to halt its nuclear ambitions and campaign of violence in the Middle East." The crisis in Syria is a complex one. "We have just about eradicated Isis in the area."
Trump: I addressed election interference. I thought it was best done in person. Spent a great deal of time talking about it. President Putin may wish to address it. "He feels very strongly about it - and he has an interesting idea."
Trump: "I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace than to risk peace in pursuit of politics."
Trump: "Our relationship has never been worse than it is now. However, that changed as of about four hours ago." (Some giggles in the room. Putin remains poker faced.)
Trump: "The disagreements between our two countries are well known and President Putin and I discussed them at length today... We're going to have to find ways to cooperate to pursue shared interests."
Trump on World Cup: "It was really one of the best ever and your team also did very well. It was a great job."
Trump: We had productive dialogue. "Went very well."
Trump whispers to Putin, "Thank you very much", and shakes hands.
Putin: "In general we are glad with the outcome of our first full meeting... I hope that we start to understand one another better." I am grateful to Donald.
Putin: The president raised election interference. "I had to reiterate things I said several times... the Russian state has never interfered and is never going to interfere in American internal processes including elections."
Putin: "We agreed to create a high level working group that will bring together captains of American and Russian business."
Putin: We are pleased with progress on Korean peninsula. Credit to President Trump for preferring dialogue to confrontation.
Putin: "We will make a step towards creating a lasting peace in compliance with the respective resolutions of the security council."
Putin: "It's not always that our postures dovetail exactly." We have to work closer in international fora. The task of establishing peace and security in Syria "could be the first showcase" of US-Russia cooperation.
Putin: Desire to work on the disarmament agenda. We favour continued cooperation in counter-terrorism.
Putin: Our joint wish with President Trump to reverse negativity in the relationship. As major nuclear powers, we bear special responsibility for international security.
Putin: “I think we can call it a success and very fruitful round of negotiations... The Cold War is past.” https://t.co/9ieHK8llYs
Melania Trump, Mike Pompeo, John Kelly, John Bolton, Fiona Hill and others take their seats.
Altercation in the room as three security guards bundle out a man who shouts: “I want to ask a question!” https://t.co/mbM3grRQLc
At presidential palace awaiting Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin. https://t.co/mVtJXas8PC
Spotted in Helsinki, Finland. https://t.co/mdZxHvJrt7
RT @PressSec: .@POTUS sits in Winston Churchill’s chair as a guest of Prime Minister May at Chequers. https://t.co/Wv2nrLMnQP
'Mr Trump told the press: “They like me a lot in the UK.” Fake news again. We don’t like him at all. He is not welcome here.' From The Guardian: https://t.co/rc1LB2fCiP
RT @jaketapper: On this day in 1804:		Weehawken. 		Dawn.		Guns. 		Drawn.		Vice President Aaron Burr fatally shoots Alexander Hamilton in a…
RT @meridithmcgraw: Trump slamming Germany at breakfast with Stoltenberg: "Germany is totally controlled by Russia"		"Germany is a rich cou…
Kavanaugh: "I believe that an independent judiciary is the crown jewel of our constitutional republic." I always strive to protect the constitution of the United States and the rule of law. "Thank you, Mr President."
Kavanaugh: "I am proud that a majority of my law clerks have been women." I am a proud member of the Catholic community in DC.
Kavanaugh: "A judge must be independent and must interpret the law, not make the law. A judge must interpret statutes as written and a judge must interpret the constitution as written."
Kavanaugh: When people ask me what it's like to be an only child, I say: "It depends who your parents are."
Kavanaugh on Kennedy: "I am deeply honoured to be nominated to fill his seat on the supreme court."
Kavanaugh: "Mr President, throughout this process I have witnessed your appreciation for the vital role of the American judiciary."
Trump: He is considered a judges' judge and was a clerk to Justice Kennedy. Among his opinions are a dozen that the supreme court has adopted as the law of the land. "There is no one in America more qualified for this position and no one more deserving."
Sustained applause for Kavanaugh, who is joined by family. https://t.co/N0zSA5d3ip
Trump: "I will nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States supreme court."
Trump: I do not ask about a nominee's personal opinions. What matters is not a judge's personal views but whether they can set those aside for the law.
Trump: "This is the second time I have been faced with this task." I knew that Justice Gorsuch, just like Justice Scalia, would be a faithful servant of our constitution.
Trump: Twelve days ago Justice Anthony Kennedy informed me of his decision to seek senior status on the supreme court. "I'd like to thank Justice Kennedy for a lifetime of distinguished service."
Donald Trump: "One of the most profound responsibilities of the president of the United States and that is the selection of a supreme court justice."
Melania Trump enters to standing ovation.
At the White House for supreme court announcement. Mitch McConnell leading senators into east room. Kellyanne Conway, John Kelly, Rudy Giuliani and Bill Shine among those present.
At the National Archives. Author David Margolick on Robert Kennedy: “The only moment he felt free to embrace Martin Luther King was after Martin Luther King died.”
At the AFI Silver in Silver Spring. Actor Keir Dullea: Every minute you spent with Stanley Kubrick, “you knew you were in the presence of genius”. https://t.co/jhGELDbwWh
@woodhouseb   Please contact David Smith at The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
View of Independence Day fireworks from the National Mall. https://t.co/AUMZ2gUnVd
https://t.co/hto8WrdfLb
At George Washington’s tomb at Mount Vernon, where people are laying carnations and a speaker called for “civility not anger” and for elected officials to govern “as Washington would have done”. https://t.co/0Lmv8OT8m3
At the National Archives for ‘Rival Friends: John Adams and Thomas Jefferson Discuss &amp; Debate the Founding of the United States’. https://t.co/mZ9wtHOvYB
'I guess this is how empires begin to fall. It isn’t necessarily one dramatic moment, but the incessant monotony of assaults on normalcy that slowly shift the ground beneath you.' Charles Blow in The New York Times: https://t.co/Hyfq8iCL6G
'The White House is now virtually free of music. Never have we had a president not just indifferent to the arts, but actively oppositional to artists.' Dave Eggers in The New York Times: https://t.co/q7BstL7cKY
@weirIndep4   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Asked Bridenstine his favourite science fiction film. He replied: “Spaceballs.”
Bridenstine on his plans for the upcoming UFO Day: “I’m getting in one.”
Bridenstine: “The biggest threat from debris is debris that’s too small to be detected at all.”
Bridenstine: “So you’re telling me we actually went to the moon? That’s a joke. I’m kidding.” A certain percentage of the population doesn’t believe we did.
Bridenstine on climate change: “I don’t in any way reject the science, at all.” Nasa will continue producing the data so policy makers can make informed decisions.
Bridenstine: “The relationship between the United States and Russia is as bad as it can be right now without going to war but we are cooperating in space.” Space is one of the best soft power tools we have.
Bridenstine: “Right now, when the Chinese call space the American Achilles’ heel, that should make all of us concerned.”
Bridenstine on Trump’s space force: “I’m for it.”
Bridenstine on James Webb telescope: Yes, it is behind schedule. Yes, it is over budget. Nobody in Nasa is happy about this but we will get it done. We are going to look at cosmic god: the very first light in the universe. “It’s going to be worth it.”
Bridenstine: “What is the architecture we establish on the moon that ultimately enables us to put humans forward to Mars?”
At Politico Live event at Willard Hotel. Nasa administrator Jim Bridenstine: “We haven’t soft landed an astronaut on the moon since 1972. There’s a lot that’s changed since then.”
Ndaba Mandela: "You cannot champion a cause until you talk to the people it affects the most. Otherwise you are just shooting in the air."
Ndaba Mandela: "You have to choose a cause that you care about, that you're passionate about... That will make sure you don't give up because people sometimes give up too quickly... You need to have a mentor. Everybody needs a mentor."
Ndaba Mandela: "I believe the liberation of South Africa could not have been achieved without the support of our brothers and sisters across the continent." Somehow we lost that pan-Africanism, that solidarity and unity that we once had, "and it needs to be reignited".
Ndaba Mandela: "We have a responsibility to do as much as we can to make sure young people have mentorship, good mentors."
Ndaba Mandela: "He taught me that love is stronger than hate because love comes much more natural to the human condition than hate. If a person can be taught to hate, they can be taught to love."
Ndaba Mandela: "He was one of the most disciplined people I have ever met."
Ndaba Mandela: "The one lesson he taught me was 'Ndaba, you must always be humble'. Humility is very important, especially for a leader... 'Ndaba, you must never drive a Jaguar, because then people know how much money you have.'"
Ndaba Mandela on South Africa: "We have the best and the worst in our country. There are parts where you'll say I'm back in the stone ages, it looks like hell, and there are parts where you'll say it looks like Monaco."
Ndaba Mandela: "The private schools in South Africa are some of the best in the world... But the public are not as good... Lack of resources when it comes to the public sector." I know one school where they're studying in shipping containers.
Ndaba Mandela: "People outside of our continent have a very skewed perception of what's happening on our continent and this is mainly because of the mainstream media: Africa is a place of war, poverty and dictators."
Ndaba Mandela: "I believe he had this gift from God that he could connect with his compassion with anybody... I think he knew he had this responsibility."
Ndaba Mandela: "He used to read all the newspapers back to back. He was actually very fluent in Afrikaans, reading and writing."
Ndaba Mandela: Steve Biko was killed. Why was Nelson Mandela not killed? "The only answer that I can come to is that God spared him... kept him alive for a specific purpose that he had to play after he came out of prison."
Ndaba Mandela: The Queen of England called and Nelson Mandela said: "Hello Elizabeth, how are you?" When Graca Machel said you're supposed to say 'Your Majesty', he replied: "Why? She calls me Nelson. We always call each other by our first name. Do you forget that I'm a prince?"
Ndaba Mandela: He was visited by Michael Jackson and George Bush. He treated them the same as the driver and gardener. Like Martin Luther King, he understood that "each person has the potential to achieve greatness".
Ndaba Mandela: "There were many weeks when I wouldn't see him, which was kind of fun because I could get away with murder."
Ndaba Mandela on his grandfather: "Great sense of humour. He was actually quite a little mischievous with his sense of humour, to be honest with you."
Ndaba Mandela: "I was a little knucklehead back then. I just wanted to have fun, fun and more fun... I would ask him could I have 50 rand to go and see a movie with my friends. He would always give it. He would never say no."
Ndaba Mandela on living with Nelson Mandela: "The first couple of years, there wasn't much conversation happening. He was really just a disciplinarian, scalding me whenever my room was a mess. Our conversation revolved around school."
Ndaba Mandela: “Nelson Mandela did not fall from the heavens and become this great peacemaker. It is in his blood, do you understand?” It is what he was raised to do. https://t.co/cQaomRKdQw
Ndaba Mandela: "Madiba himself was a rebel and his father himself was a rebel."
At the Library of Congress. Nelson Mandela's grandson Ndaba Mandela: "People have a lot of expectations, being a Mandela. They constantly want to put you in the footsteps of Nelson Mandela and know what are you doing for your community."
@billmaher   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Medal of honour ceremony that recalled the second world war and was attended by generals ends with the sound of John Lennon's ‘Imagine’ being played by a military band in an adjacent room.
Trump on the Battle of the Bulge: “That was a rough one. They study that one.”
At medal of honour ceremony at the White House. Donald Trump: “They like me in Kentucky and Tennessee.” https://t.co/9HRXNSBYPL
Sanders: Democrats have made it very clear they don't want to work with the president and don't want to fix our immigration system. "They'd rather have open borders and rampant crime."
Sanders: The president has taken an executive action to "minimise" the separation of families and we are working with Congress to help with that.
Sanders: "We would like to see more expedited removal but ultimately we would like to see the border secure."
Sanders: "Things that we have the ability to do administratively we are working to do."
Sanders: "Are we walking around making up laws? No, because we're not the Obama administration."
Sanders: There are certain cases of volunteer removal, of expedited removal. "The president's ultimate goal is secure the border and stop illegal immigration."
Sanders: "We've asked the Pentagon to help with additional space but a lot of that will depend on our ability to stop people coming into the country illegally."
Sanders: This is only a temporary measure. "We're going to run out of space, we're going to run out of resources to keep families together, so Congress needs to step and do its job."
Sanders on immigration reform: Republicans have laid out a number of proposals. "No Democrat will get on board and support a solution... These aren't Republicans bills, these are bills that fix a broken system."
Sanders on why she tweeted about restaurant: More than a dozen reporters had already reached out to me. "It was considered news of the day."
Sanders: "The president certainly supports keeping families together, which he has outlined several times over the last weeks... We need Democrats to stop playing political games."
Sanders: "The European Union is trying to punish US workers because they've engaged repeatedly in unfair trade practices and the president is saying enough is enough."
Sanders: We encourage asylum seekers to work through the system and not come across the border illegally.
Sanders: "The president's trade and economic policies have been of huge benefit to the American economy... Unemployment is at 3.8%, the lowest since 2000... The European Union is attempt to punish American workers."
Sanders: "The president would like to see our border secured so we don't have all these problems to begin with." He wants to solve all of this, not tinker with it.
Sanders: Virtually all Americans agree that it makes no sense that when an illegal alien sets foot on US soil they would go through a three to five year legal process. "The president is focused on securing our borders... The Democrats are the ones that want open borders."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "My husband and I politely left and went home... A Hollywood actor publicly encouraged people to kidnap my children." America is a great country and our ability to find solutions despite disagreements is what "makes us unique".
'The norms and taboos established after the world witnessed the Holocaust are eroding before our eyes. For 70-odd years, roughly the span of a human life, they endured, keeping the lid on the darker impulses that, we had seen, lurked within all of us.' https://t.co/cCJBm8KQB4
On a tour of Ford’s Theatre. Reconstruction of the box where Abraham Lincoln was shot in 1865. https://t.co/xcXpt8K0bW
Went to first night of On the Town at Olney Theatre Center. A Bernstein, Robbins and New York treat that keeps rolling forward. The execution still has imperfections but is already tremendous fun. Tracy Lynn Olivera's voice is outstanding.
‘Under Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the Department of Justice is enacting an agenda that could reverse many of the signature victories of the civil-rights movement, @fivefifths writes:’ https://t.co/j8TnzpLWt3
Went to first night of The Second City's Generation Gap at the Kennedy Center. Smart comedy sketches about the invasion of tech in all angles of everyday life. Makes you laugh and also at times makes you think.
Went to Senate foreign relations committee hearing and, as Senator Jeff Flake questioned Brian Nichols about his nomination as US ambassador to Zimbabwe, counted 19 empty seats out of 21 for senators and 15 empty seats out of 16 for reporters. https://t.co/f3iurvBFkb
Watched Donald Trump in the Oval Office sign executive order to end family separations at the border. “Ivanka feels very strongly, my wife feels very strongly about it, I feel very strongly about it. I think anybody with a heart would feel very strongly about it.” https://t.co/tDRFC3gDjf
Watched Donald Trump in the Oval Office sign executive order to end family separations at the border. “Ivanka feels very strongly, my wife feels very strongly about it, I feel very strongly about it. I think anybody with a heart would feel very strongly about it.” https://t.co/OzVboTwGfF
At Irish ambassador’s residence for open air production of The Importance of Being Earnest. Ambassador Daniel Mulhall: “Having been colonised for so long, our writers managed to turn it around and colonise the English language, making an Irish treasure.” https://t.co/VOQH21HPEs
Sanders: "We want to fix the whole thing. We don't want to tinker with part of it."
Sanders on space force: We're going to work with the Department of Defense and other relevant authorities to put it into place.
Sanders: "Any church that feels strongly should open up their doors and facilitate some of these individuals."
Sanders: People like Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer come out and complain and attack because they have no solutions.
Sanders on official figures showing crime in Germany is down: "I'm not aware of the report you're referencing. I'll check into it."
Sanders: "There's only one body here that gets to fix legislation and that's Congress. We enforce it."
Sanders: The president has said this IG report "clearly calls into question" the credibility of James Comey.
Sanders: There are currently in two bills in process in the House. The president supports both those pieces of legislations. He wants us to actually fix our immigration system. This is not something we can just tinker with.
Sanders: What the president said on Friday "very closely mirrored" what the first lady said. "The president isn't trying to kick the can down the road."
Sarah Sanders: I'm not aware of "a specific call" between Trump and Kim Jong-un at this time.
Asked if intended for the situation to play out like this, Nielsen replies: "I find that offensive."
Nielsen: "If you're seeking asylum, go to a port of entry. You don't have to break the law to seek asylum in the United States of America."
Nielsen: "We are trying to protect the children which is why I'm asking Congress to act."
Nielsen: "The kids are being used like pawns by the smugglers and the traffickers."
Nielsen: "If we close the loopholes, we can keep the families together."
Nielsen: "I think he has said in tweets he would like Congress to act to mend the underlying laws."
Asked why Trump has shown no compassion, Nielsen replies: "He has been attempting to work with Congress since he's been office... Let's fix the system."
Nielsen: "Of course we don't want a situation where any child is not completely adequately taken care of."
Nielsen: The vast majority of the 10,000 children in care right now were sent here alone by their parents. That's when they were separated. "Somehow we've conflated everything." We take care of them.
Nielsen: "What I believe is we should exercise our democratic rights as Americans and fix the problem."
Nielsen: I've been to detention centres. I would reference you to our standards. "The image I want of this country is an immigration system that protects our borders and upholds our humanitarian ideals."
Nielsen on Democrats: "That's a very cowardly response."
Nielsen: "In your reporting, please consider the men and women of DHS who are dedicated law and enforcement officers who put their lives at risk."
Nielsen: "We have a duty to protect the American people and it's one I take very seriously. Here's the bottom line: DHS is no longer ignoring the law."
Nielsen: DHS is not separating families legitimately seeking asylum at ports of entry.
Nielsen: By entering the country illegally, they are committing a crime and putting their children at risk.
Nielsen: "Claiming these children and their parents are treated inhumanely is not true."
Nielsen: "Parents can still communicate with their children through phone calls and video conferencing."
Nielsen: That is in accordance with "a law that was passed by Congress". If an American committed a crime anywhere in the US, they would be put in jail and separated from their family. "This is not a controversial idea."
Nielsen: "What has changed is that we no longer exempt entire classes of people who break the law."
Nielsen: "Congress and the courts created this problem and Congress alone can fix it... Those who criticise the enforcement of the law have offered only one counter-measure: open borders... This policy would be disastrous."
Nielsen: "We are a country of compassion. We are a country of heart. We must fix the system so those who truly need asylum can receive it."
Nielsen: Loopholes have created a functionally open border. We have frequently called on Congress to close the loopholes. The voices criticising loudest are the ones whose policies created this crisis.
Nielsen: There is an immigration crisis on our border. Illegal immigration exceeds 50,000 people each month. A 325% increase in unaccompanied alien children since this time last year. "This entire crisis is not new."
At White House press briefing. Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen: "It's my pleasure to be here because I would love to see if I can explain what's going on and give you the facts."
Went to first night of Hamilton at the Kennedy Center. Lin-Manuel Miranda's masterpiece lives up to the hype and more with epic historical vision, piercing moments of intimacy and sublime lyrics, music and choreography. Comfortably the greatest musical of the 21st century.
'Dear Robert De Niro, Samantha Bee and other Trump haters: I get that you’re angry. I’m angry, too. But anger isn’t a strategy. Sometimes it’s a trap.' Frank Bruni in The New York Times: https://t.co/xEosVBOiBR
@SteveCase   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @realDonaldTrump: Here is the video, “A Story of Opportunity” that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the #SingaporeSummit	➡️https://t.co/43oO…
Went to first night of The Legend of Georgia McBride at Round House Theatre. A "love letter" to drag that follows a predictable path but is fresh and funny thanks to sparkling performances, smart one-liners and surprising moments of pathos. A hit for director Tom Story.
Warren: "The darkness of this political moment may seem all consuming, but I've got a candle and so have you, and together we can light the path forward, together we can save this democracy. I promise you, if we all stay in this fight, if we all stand together, we will win."
Warren: "I'm going up that hill and I need you with me all the way."
Warren: "Most of all, we are fighting for an America that is truly democratic." Getting rid of the cesspool of money and returning government to the people.
Warren: "We're fighting for women and that means we'll keep Planned Parenthood open." Access to safe, legal abortions. More women in boardrooms and "that nice, oval office at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue".
Warren: Instead of putting some kid caught with a few ounces of pot in jail, let's jail the banker who financed the drug deal.
Warren: "And if you think we get under their skin now, just you wait. I'm in this fight all the way and so are you... This November 6th, Donald Trump is going to hear us loud and clear because we're going to vote like our rights depend on it."
Warren: "We will fight for this democracy. The presidency is not a dictatorship... We will make this America a country we can believe in."
Warren: "I didn't go to Washington to duck the tough fights. I went to Washington to win them."
Warren: "For decades now powerful interests have rigged the game... Our government has been taken over by the rich and the powerful." For a generation GDP has grown, CEOs' salaries have risen but workers' wages have barely budged.
Warren: "Every day we wake up to attacks on our values, attacks on the rule of law and attacks on plain old common sense."
Warren: Trump's inauguration is burned into the back of my eyeballs. Historians will remember his dark speech and that his first fight was over crowd size, but they will also remember that the next day produced the women's march, the biggest march in world history.
At ACLU conference. Senator Elizabeth Warren: "Let's be blunt... The foundations of our democracy are under attack every single day. Under attack, but not lost... I look out here and I see Donald Trump's worst nightmare."
From the archives: 'He is tall, lean and blond, with dazzling white teeth, and he looks ever so much like Robert Redford.' The New York Times on Donald Trump in 1976: https://t.co/adU6JpifxO
RT @fabreinbold: One scene - four different perspectives #G7 		1) by Merkel‘s team 🇩🇪	2) by Macron’s team 🇫🇷	3) by Conte’s team 🇮🇹	4) by Tr…
Went to first night of How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying at the Kennedy Center. A dated book set in an unironic Mad Men world but music that never ages, performed with élan. The voices and choreography are a treat.
https://t.co/Fo3yGyLNHG
McConnell: Every president of both parties waived the law on the embassy in Israel. “Donald Trump moved the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and we should thank him for that.”
McConnell: “The Democrats are not making this easy. They’ve decided it’s more fun to be ‘the resistance’ than help us run the country... Our Democratic colleagues are trying to run out the clock. I’m not going to let them succeed.”
McConnell: “Of all the things we’re doing, my favourite, because of the long term impact it will have, is what we’re doing working with the president” to appoint conservative judges.
McConnell: One eighth of circuit court judges have been appointed by Donald Trump and confirmed by the Senate. “We are transforming the court system of this country.”
McConnell: “The single most consequential decision I’ve made in my entire political career was to not let Barack Obama fill that Scalia vacancy on his way out the door. The president didn’t blow it: Neil Gorsuch was a superb choice.”
McConnell: Prosperity is returning to areas that Obama-era policies left behind. Where progress was made under Obama, it only benefited big cities.
McConnell: “It might be that the last 16 months has been the best period for conservative values since I first came to Washington in 1985. That’s not hyperbole.”
Senator Mitch McConnell: “This is quite an opportunity we’ve been by the American people. A great opportunity... I want to thank you for standing with us during the Obama years. It wasn’t much fun, was it?”
Conway: He said, you’re the extreme one, you would rip a baby out of its mother’s womb an hour before it is born, and most of the country went: “Ooooh.” I thought, “That’s terrific.”
Conway: “It took a Manhattan male billionaire, who for most of his life was pro-choice, to become the most pro-life president in American history.”
Conway: “He is on track to be the most pro-life president in American history and part of that is because he kept the promises he made.”
At Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition Road to Majority conference. Kellyanne Conway: “Day after day, the sheer volume and velocity of the way the president works is quite stunning.”
RT @TheDailyShow: What if Facebook was a real place? Welcome to Bar Facebook. https://t.co/hqJiU5nagT
Clinton on the presidency and short attention spans: “What we run the risk of doing is loving or despising a cartoon.”
At Politics and Prose event at Warner Theatre. Bill Clinton on book: We wanted to be “faithful to the way government works - or did work.”
'Trump is the Everest of delusion and depravity; Clinton ascended only a bit beyond base camp.' Frank Bruni in The New York Times: https://t.co/HxfcB0XJkN
Robert Kennedy grave site. https://t.co/7Iba8sDC9s
Spotted: Tom Perez holding a white folder with a giant blue ‘D’ and the words ‘the briefing book’ on the front.
Clinton: “We can do it all again but we have to do it the way he did: speaking to everybody, saying the same thing to everybody.”
Clinton: “We have got to stop hating each other. It’s bad for us. That includes our clans and our tribes.”
Clinton: He upbraided the apartheid government in South Africa by plunging into the crowd in Soweto and shaking hands.
Clinton: “He did something unusual for a politician... He actually said the same thing everywhere he went.”
Clinton: “He came from quite a clan and he did every single thing he could to increase it.”
Bill Clinton: If Robert Kennedy were here today, “he would remind us that perhaps the words he spoke then are truer today then they were then”.
Joe Kennedy III: He fought for “the very thing at stake today: for a country that accepts you for who you are.”
Joe Kennedy III: “Robert Kennedy found the arteries of the American heart and he said to those forgotten: ‘America sees you. America values you.’”
Rep Joe Kennedy III: Fifty years after his passing, his wife still wears her wedding ring.
Kennedy Townsend: My father did push-ups while listening to Shakespeare. He loved Henry V and, after President Kennedy died, often recited the St Crispin’s Day speech.
At Robert Kennedy celebration at Arlington National Cemetery. Kathleen Kennedy Townsend: “It is tough to lose a parent. It was very tough to lose my father.”
RT @KennethBaer: The day polling officials jumped the shark. https://t.co/bXRMtpI0In
Trump: “We stand together for freedom. We stand together for patriotism.”
At the White House for ‘celebration of America’. Donald Trump enters. Heckler shouts: “Eagles!” Some people boo. Trump: “We always proudly stand for our national anthem.”
Lewis: We must do what is right and fair and just and, if we fail to do it, history will not be kind to us as a people and a nation.
Lewis: We have "a moral responsibility" to speak up and save our democracy.
Lewis: "I'm convinced that, if Robert Kennedy had lived, he would have been elected President of the United States of America and he would have been a great president." He would have ended the Vietnam war earlier.
Lewis: Kennedy made an "unbelievable speech" on the night that Martin Luther King died. "In Indianapolis, because of what he said, there was no violence. It was so peaceful, so orderly."
Lewis: "Robert Kennedy, along with his brother President Kennedy, inspired many of us to stand up, to be brave, to be bold, to be courageous."
Lewis: "When you see something not right, not fair, not just, you have a moral obligation to stand up and find a way to get in trouble, good trouble."
At Robert F Kennedy Human Rights Award on Capitol Hill. Rep John Lewis to audience: "Bobby Kennedy would be very proud of you. You look like America.... I have a prepared speech. I don't think I'm gonna use it."
Robert Kennedy's speech in apartheid South Africa 'remains relevant 50 years after his assassination.' From The Washington Post: https://t.co/RuhIzVjwlE
Went to press night of Botticelli in the Fire at Woolly Mammoth theatre. Sandro Botticelli, Leonardo da Vinci, paint, pleasure and populism brought to life with verve and irony by a first rate cast. Parallels with 2018 land but are never too heavy handed.
Went to first night of The Scottsboro Boys at Signature Theatre. A landmark musical of the 21st century. The riveting, heartbreaking, ingeniously theatrical and profoundly discomforting narrative of racial injustice soars for two hours but ends with an image too on the nose.
Went to first night of Camelot at Shakespeare Theatre Company. Hit and miss attempt to rescue a big, unwieldy, flawed musical with striking costumes, strange accents and a few brief shining moments.
@RealCandaceO  Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Trump: One thing I know about NASCAR, they do indeed stand for the national anthem. Someone told me that would be controversial but I think I can say that to NASCAR.
At White House reception for NASCAR Cup Series champion Martin Truex Jr. Donald Trump: “Martin, I have to say your car looks amazing. In fact, I just want to get in that thing and drive it right away, do you mind?” https://t.co/2PgNGHzwcx
At British ambassador’s residence where guests include Paddy Ashdown and Reince Priebus. Asked Sarah Sanders if Trump watched the royal wedding and she said he caught parts of it. Ambassador Kim Darroch gave toast and praised “deep and profound friendship” between UK and US.
At White House. Donald Trump expresses condolences to Texas shooting victims, announces Robert Wilkie will be nominated for VA secretary and jokes about prison reform summit attendee Van Jones: “I also want to thank Van Jones because he constantly says good things about me.” https://t.co/Ov7fJFSg0i
Went to screening of HBO’s John McCain documentary at US Capitol with guests including his brother Joe and 106-year-old mother Roberta. https://t.co/kpIChxrQvT
Warren: "The day that we stop talking – and stop listening – to 63 million Americans? That’s the day we should pack it up and go home. Isolation is not the answer. Not for a Democratic party that wants to take back power, not for democrats who want to see our country function."
Warren: "That stuff only works when we’ve already stopped listening to each other. It only works when we’re already sitting in isolated bubbles, complaining to people who agree with us about what’s wrong with the people who don’t."
Warren: "The president of the United States lies for sport and gets away with it. Meanwhile, Russia launches an information warfare campaign against our democracy—and also gets away with it."
Warren: "The truth is, democracy also works best when those of us who are in the fight aren’t afraid to stand up for what we believe in. Even throw a punch once in a while. A verbal punch."
Warren: "Don’t get me wrong. I’m not one of those Democrats who thinks we ought to throw working people under the bus every so often just so we can show up at a bill signing and brag about being dealmakers."
Warren: "Democracy works best when, win or lose, we keep coming back to the table. But that sense of shared purpose is breaking down."
Warren: "How about a lifetime ban on lobbying for anyone who serves as a president, senator, representative, cabinet secretary or agency head? A lifetime ban. The honour of service should be enough."
Warren: "The truth is, no matter what we do to fix our elections, we can’t fix our democracy until we root out the corruption that allows money and power to be traded so freely in Washington. Overturning Citizens United would be a good start."
Warren: "Here’s an idea we as a national party should get behind and organise around: a constitutional amendment establishing an unquestioned, unassailable, nationally recognised right to vote."
"out one party or the other is a crucial first step."
Warren: "I want to turn up the heat on gerrymandering. I’m sending $175,000 to organisations on the front lines trying to win back our state legislatures and fight for fair redistricting. Democrats believe in a fair fight, and making sure that districts aren’t drawn to cut..."
Warren: "We need to put an end to partisan gerrymandering."
Warren: "Politicians are supposed to compete over how many voters they can persuade, not how many citizens they can disqualify or demoralise."
Warren: "When it comes to elections, the principle should be every vote matters. If you can’t get more American citizens to vote for you than for the other guy, then the other guy—or gal—should be president."
Warren: "Let’s start that process with a hard truth: this crisis didn’t begin when Donald Trump took office. Men like Trump only wind up in power when democracies are already decaying."
Warren: "We must be willing to defend our democracy. We must call the attacks what they are – un-American. And we must use whatever power we have to stop them."
Warren: "Some experts are projecting that, thanks to gerrymandering, for Democrats to take back the majority in the House this November, we’ll have to win by 6 or 7 or 8% of the votes cast just to pick up a simple majority. The 2018 election will be a massive uphill climb."
Warren: "Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan are happy to overlook all the chaos and corruption if it helps get their agenda passed. In fact, they’re willing to aid and abet the destruction of our democratic process to get their way."
Warren: "In 2016, nearly three million more people voted for Hillary Clinton than Donald Trump – but Trump took the presidency. That’s not exactly the sign of a healthy democracy. Democracy hangs on the idea that whoever gets the most votes wins."
Senator Elizabeth Warren: "Democrats are the party of ideas. Lots of ideas."
At CAP Ideas conference. Senator Chris Murphy on guns: "Republicans have this sort of genetic attachment to this lobby and this industry that they can't break." To change that "it is going to be a recognition that their political survival depends on them getting right."
"My wife and I, we find ourselves, our pillow talk is sometimes about Trump." Nick Kristof of The New York Times on the media's obsession: https://t.co/PTHugaNpjI
Went to Helen Hayes theatre awards at The Wharf where the biggest winner was Lin-Manuel Miranda: two separate productions of In the Heights took a total of 11 awards. Shakespeare Theatre Company's Twelfth Night won four.
RT @billmaher: Everything Trump does is modeled on the mob. He's using a legitimate front business, in this case, the White House to enrich…
Bush: PEPFAR has saved millions of lives in Africa. “I wish a lot of Americans could go and realise how appreciative people are for our generosity... It’s soft power at its most beautiful.”
Bush quotes Winston Churchill on America’s “indispensable” role in the world and the dangers of isolation. “I wholeheartedly agree.”
At Atlantic Council leadership awards. George W Bush on death of his mother: “Our family thanks you for your condolences and prayers. All is well with her soul and is all well with ours.”
Asked if Trump still has confidence in Rudy Giuliani, Sanders replies: "Yes, he thinks he's done a fine job."
Asked if Trump still believes that torture works, Sanders replies: "You know, honestly, I haven't had a conversation with him about that recently."
Sanders: "The president has confidence in Gina Haspel to lead the CIA and wants her to do exactly that."
Sanders on infrastructure bill: "I don't know if there will be one by the end of this year."
Sanders on Nafta: "We're going to continue to push forward on those negotiations but, as the president said, he wants to make sure we get the right deal."
Asked about timing of Mike Pompeo's visit to North Korea, Sanders replies: "The purpose was to make sure that we continued the progress that we had on setting a date and location for the president's meeting with Kim Jong-un."
Asked if Trump would be fine with Saudi Arabia acquiring nuclear weapons, Sanders says there are no new policy announcements. "We are very committed to making sure Iran does not have nuclear weapons."
Sanders: "I would refer you to the outside counsel on anything that is to do with Michael Cohen."
Sanders: "There is a responsibility by you guys to put out accurate information."
Sanders: "The fact that I'm standing here taking questions... demonstrates this White House's commitment to accessibility... At the same time the press has a responsibility to put out accurate information."
Sanders: "We're very committed to a free press and I think we demonstrate that every single day."
Sanders: Gina Haspel "clearly demonstrated why the president selected her." Experience, character and commitment. "She is the right person to lead the CIA and the Senate should confirm her."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "This morning the families of three Americans detained in North Korea received the news they had been hoping for: their loved ones are coming home."
Hearing is interrupted by a protester who shouts: "No, the question is what do you do to human beings in US custody? How do you treat human beings in US custody? Bloody Gina, bloody Gina, bloody Gina! You are a torturer." (She is escorted out by police.)
Haspel: "I never saw the videos."
Haspel: "I'm just not a technical person." Heinrich: "It's not that complicated."
Asked if she would support destruction of tapes, Haspel replies: "I would not." Experience is a great teacher.
Haspel: "My parents raised me right. I know the difference between right and wrong."
Senator Martin Heinrich: "You're giving very legalistic answers to very moral questions."
Haspel: "I think we should hold ourselves to a stricter moral standard and we should never allow ourselves to be involved in an interrogation programme."
Haspel: "CIA does not today conduct interrogations, we never did historically, and we're not getting back in that business... I would not restart under any circumstances an interrogation programme at CIA."
Haspel: "I would advise anyone that asked me that CIA is not the place to conduct interrogations. We do not have interrogators and we do not have interrogation expertise... We're not in the business of interrogating detainees."
Asked how she would respond if Trump asked her to enforce waterboarding, Haspel replies: "Senator, I would advise - I do not believe the president would ask me to do that... We have other US government entities that conduct interrogations."
Haspel confirms that her views have evolved. "You have to learn leadership lessons... This country has had the opportunity to reflect because we have some space, we're not fearing another attack, and we have deliberated about the standards we use in interrogation."
Haspel: "Senator, it was a new subject for me. We lacked interrogation expertise at the agency. We didn't have interrogators."
Senator Susan Collins: "Were you involved in any way in the creation of the enhanced interrogation programme?" Haspel: "Senator, I was not."
Haspel: "After 9/11, I didn't look to go to the Swiss desk. I stepped up." I was on the front line in the cold war and the front line in the war on terror.
Senator Ron Wyden: "There is no greater indictment of this process that only you get to decide what the country knows about you and what it doesn't."
Haspel: "As I mentioned, I don't even have a social media account."
Senator Marco Rubio: "If someone like you is smeared in this process, what message are we sending?"
Feinstein asks if Haspel is the person referenced in John Rizzo's book overseeing interrogations at black site. Haspel replies: "No... A correction has been issued... I did not run the interrogations department. I was not read into it until it had been up and running for a year."
Senator Dianne Feinstein: The CIA deselected only small pieces of information while keeping damaging parts under wraps. "This is probably the most difficult hearing in my more than two decades that I have ever sat in."
Haspel: "My moral compass is strong. I would not allow CIA to undertake activity that is immoral even if it is technically legal." We must uphold American values and our reputation around the world.
Haspel: "My parents gave me a very strong moral compass. I support the higher moral standard this country has decided to hold itself to. I would never take CIA back to an interrogation programme."
Warner: There is the potential the president could ask you to do something that you believe is morally questionable.
Haspel: "We have decided to hold ourselves to a stricter moral standard... I support the United States holding itself to that stricter moral standard and I support the army field manual."
Warner: "With the benefit of hindsight, do you believe the interrogation programme was consistent with American values."
Haspel: "I recall the security issues surrounding the tapes. I don't recall pending legislation."
Haspel: Investigations found no fault with my actions and my decisions were consistent with my obligations as an agency officer.
Haspel: Review found there was no legal requirement to keep the tapes.
Haspel: "I should also make clear I do not appear on the tapes as has been mischaracterised by the press."
Haspel on destruction of CIA interrogation tapes: There was concern about "the threat of al-Qaida should those tapes be irresponsibly leaked." Jose Rodriguez has made clear he made the decision to destroy the tapes.
Haspel: "As both a career intelligence officer and an American citizen, I am a strong believer in the importance of oversight. Simply put, experience has taught us that CIA cannot be effective without the people's trust."
Haspel: "Having served in that tumultuous time, I can offer you my personal commitment, clearly and without reservation, that under my leadership, on my watch, CIA will not restart such a detention and interrogation programme."
Haspel: "I am proud of our work during that time. The hard lessons we learned from the experience inform my leadership of CIA today."
Haspel on 11 September 2001 attacks: "I knew in my gut when I saw the video of the first plane hitting the tower in Manhattan that it was Bin Laden."
Haspel: "I know that accepting the president's nomination would raise questions about CIA classified activities and my career at the agency."
Haspel: "I know CIA like the back of my hand."
Haspel: "It is not my way to trumpet the fact that I am a woman up for the top job, but I would be remiss in not remarking on it – not least because of the outpouring of support from young women at CIA who consider it a good sign for their own prospects."
Haspel: "Altogether, I have served seven tours in the field – four as chief of station – including hardship assignments in distant posts and, more recently, in the capital of a major US ally."
Haspel: Introducing myself to the American people "is a new experience for me as I spent over 30 years under cover and in the shadows. I don't have any social media accounts, but otherwise I think you will find me to be a typical middle class American."
Haspel: Challenges to the US include terrorist groups, nuclear threat from a rogue state, "destabilising Iranian adventurism, an aggressive and sometimes brutal Russia, long-term implications of China's ambitions on the global stage".
Haspel stands and swears on oath. Multiple cameras click.
Warner: "I will expect your commitment to continuing cooperation with us and with the Mueller investigation in the future. I hope you will agree it is critical that both of these investigations be permitted to proceed independently and completely towards their own conclusions."
Warner: "We have seen, on many occasions, that this president has no qualms about completely circumventing members of his own administration, even when making policy that falls within their agencies’ jurisdiction. Do you believe you’ll be in the room when it matters?"
Warner: "If confirmed, you will face a White House and, frankly, a president who does not always seem interested in hearing, much less speaking, the truth. This president seems incapable or unwilling to accept the facts that might contradict his views or his policy preferences."
Warner: "I expect you to look for reasons to read us in, rather than look for excuses to keep us out of the loop."
Warner: "I know the committee – and I in particular – will want to hear about your interaction with respect to the 2005 decision to destroy the CIA interrogation tapes. What role did you play? And, if given the chance, would you do it again?"
Warner: "We must hear how you would react if the president asks you to carry out some morally questionable behavior that might seem to violate a law or treaty."
Warner: "Should the United States ever permit detainees to be treated the way the CIA treated detainees under the programme – even if you believe it was technically 'legal'? Most importantly, in your view – was the programme consistent with American values?"
Warner: "There are many at the agency who participated in the programme who believed that what they were doing was both legal and authorised by the then-president."
Warner: "No one should get credit simply for agreeing to follow the law—that’s the very least we should expect from any nominee, and certainly from the director of the Central Intelligence Agency."
Warner: "Many people... have questions about the message the Senate would be sending by confirming someone for this position who served as a supervisor in the Counter Terrorism Center during the time of the rendition, detention and interrogation programme."
Senator Mark Warner: "While I remain disappointed that the agency was not more forthcoming in providing and declassifying information about her service, she has served our nation for 33 years, in a variety of roles all over the world."
Burr: "You have the moral strength to speak truth to power."
Burr: "You are, without a doubt, the most qualified person the president could choose to lead the CIA."
Burr: "This hearing is not about programmes already addressed by executive order, legislation and the court of law. It's about the woman sitting before us."
Burr to Haspel: "Gina, you have been asked to lead what I believe to be one of our nation's most treasured assets during a period of profound change."
Chairman Richard Burr warns protesters: "I will not be lenient... If you're going to do it, do it fast, be early and be gone."
Haspel enters and greets senators, hugging and patting Joe Manchin on the back. Meanwhile another protester is arrested and, as he is led away, says loudly: "Torture is illegal and immoral. Repent! Repent! Prosecute the torturers!"
As a protester is dragged out, she says, "Stop hurting me!" and compares her treatment to torture by Haspel.
Protesters chant: "Don't reward torture! Don't reward torture!" US Capitol police officer replies: "You are all under arrest." Scuffles break out as police start removing protesters. Officer shouts: "Stop resisting. It's a full APO, assaulting a police officer!"
At Senate intelligence committee hearing on Gina Haspel’s nomination for CIA director. At least eight protesters are in the public gallery. https://t.co/i8IuXiMCKa
Cruz: “I don’t think in the coming weeks we are going to have an outbreak of bipartisan love and kum ba yah in Washington.” But we will have cooperation on space.
Cruz: “Nasa was formed to explore space. That should be the focus. To coin a phrase, ‘To boldly go where no man has gone before.’”
Cruz: “If we are going to go to Mars - and we are going to Mars - nobody think that is going to be funded solely by the taxpayer.”
Cruz: “As long as I am chairman of the space subcommittee we will not be phasing out the ISS... It would be irresponsible not to get the maximum return for that investment” while it is still scientifically viable.
Cruz: “The first foot that sets foot on Mars will be an American foot and an American explorer... Restoring America’s leadership in space is, I think, incredibly important.”
Cruz: “The last thing we want for exploring space is have a bunch of regulators come and muck it up... I believe the first trillionaire will be made in space... That’s the power of this new frontier.”
Cruz: “This is a partisan, polarised time in Washington, that’s lost on nobody... One of the very few exceptions concerns space.”
At Humans to Mars summit at George Washington University. Senator Ted Cruz: As a Texan I’m really glad the first word spoken on the moon was “Houston” and not some other city.
'The rule of Donald Trump is predicated on the infliction of maximum misery on West’s most ardent parishioners, the portions of America, the muck, that made the god Kanye possible.' Ta-Nehisi Coates in The Atlantic: https://t.co/N2wDxHT7Ti
Sanders on Washington Post report on Trump and Melania: "Just when you think the Washington Post can't get anything more wrong, they do. That is an outrageous and ridiculous claim... I hope they do better next time."
Sanders on China and trade: "The president has a great relationship with President Xi and we are working on something we think will be great for everybody."
Sanders on Trump, midterm elections and Russia investigation: "I think he thinks that this narrative continues to be driven... The point he's making is how ridiculous it is we're still having this conversation."
Sanders on Vladimir Putin's swearing in: "The president congratulations him and looks forward to a time when we can hopefully have a good relationship with Russia."
Sanders on Haspel and enhanced interrogation techniques: "I'll let her address those questions as they come."
Sanders on Haspel: "We think that Acting Director Haspel is a highly qualified, uniquely positioned individual to lead the CIA and we're very confident in her ability to answer the questions that may come... We want her to get a fair hearing, a thorough hearing."
Sanders on Iran nuclear deal: "The president will make an announcement on what his decision is soon. As you know, he's got a few days to do that."
Sanders on Don Blankenship in West Virginia: "I'd refer you back to the president's tweet which I think is pretty clear."
Sanders on Gina Haspel: "Her commitment to the agency is one of the reasons she is the right person to lead it." If she thought there was a problem, she wanted to do everything she could to protect the agency. "She is 100% committed to going through this confirmation process."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: We are seeing firsthand how President Trump's economic policy is benefiting workers. African American unemployment is at an all time record low. "Since the president's election, more than three million jobs have been created."
'But this Batman cartoon villain with an uncanny gift for cliffhangers and lurid story lines is buoying journalism, giving us a reprieve while we figure out how to save ourselves in the digital age.' Maureen Dowd in The New York Times: https://t.co/dCspkvjNa3
'Trump is not “presidential”. He is ignorant, impulsive, undisciplined, undignified, uncouth. This makes him popular with some of his electorate but it does not make him presidential.' Sarah Churchwell in The Guardian: https://t.co/HH5S549jEL
RT @RalstonReports: This Rudy self-destruction on live TV reinforces one of my oldest truisms about politics: It's not the tough interviewe…
'Wolf’s monologue – sharp, unflinching, and pointedly unfunny in places – called bullshit on the role laughter has been performing in Trump’s America.' Masha Gessen in The New Yorker: https://t.co/rQo5IYmWle
'In 466 days, President Trump has made 3,001 false or misleading claims.' From The Washington Post: https://t.co/Y85hELFgcT
Sanders: "I'm not going to get ahead of the anything the president may or may not do."
Sanders on Trump at NRA: "Safety is a big priority, security is a big priority but we also support the second amendment and strongly support it and don't see there to be a problem speaking at the National Rifle Association."
Sanders on venue for Trump-Kim talks: "I'm not going to get into the deliberations at this point. The list has been narrowed, as the president said."
Sanders: "We responded to every journalist inquiry that we received."
Sanders on press release error: "We immediately corrected it but again I think the biggest mistake is the fact that the United States entered into the Iran deal in the first place."
Sanders on Iran: The president's been very clear the deal is one of the worst he's ever seen. He was made aware prior to Israel's announcement yesterday.
Sanders on James Shaw Jr: "My understanding is there has been an outreach effort to bring him to the White House."
Sanders: Records were being transferred to the White House medical unit.
Sanders on whether Trump's doctor was raided: "No, that is not my understanding."
Sanders on Ronny Jackson: "He's still an active duty navy doctor assigned to the White House but upon his nomination to Veterans Affairs secretary an acting doctor was put in his place."
Sanders: "We here at the White House try never to be concerned with anything relating to Adam Schiff."
Sanders on Mueller: "I can't comment on anything relating to those questions."
Sanders: "I can't speak for Michael Cohen. I'll refer you to him."
Sanders on tariffs exemptions: "We are extending those negotiations because we've seen some progress. I'm not going to get ahead of what that may look like."
Sanders: When the sunset provision hits in seven years, they will be much further along in the process and better able to make a nuclear weapon.
Sanders on corrected White House press release about Iran nuclear deal: "We think the biggest mistake that was made was under the Obama administration by ever entering the deal in the first place. The typo that you mentioned was noticed and immediately corrected."
Sanders on John Kelly: Both the president and chief of staff are "very happy" with the position that he holds.
Sanders on leaked Robert Mueller questions: "As with all questions of this nature, I would refer you to the president's outside personal attorneys."
At the White House. Sarah Sanders: "Today President Trump welcomed the heroic passengers and crew of Southwest flight 1380 to the White House."
RT @ishaantharoor: Just went through the @HolocaustMuseum’s terrific new exhibit on the United States before and during World War II. Here…
RT @TheDailyShow: "Trump's people get it. Joking is no excuse if a comedian is insulting the president. It's only an excuse when the insult…
Comey on his obituary: "I actually don't care about this stuff in my epitaph. I want to be a great husband, a great father, a great grandfather and a good friend and neighbour."
Comey: "My wife decided we need to move to a bigger house... We don't have any grandchildren, by the way."
Comey on his family: "Hardest for my wife because she watches more of this. She gets jazzed up... She's the one I worry about the most."
Asked what future historians of the 2016 election will say of him, Comey replies: "He was tall."
Comey to FBI: "No president serves long enough to destroy that... Remember how proud you will be to tell your grandchildren what you were during this period."
Comey on FBI: "Never forget just how strong the culture of that organisation is."
Comey: "One of the great dangers we face today is that the president's behaviour will drag us all down... We have to remember who we are."
Comey: "I came to admire Barack Obama. I was not a political supporter of Barack Obama. I gave money to McCain, I gave money to Romney, in part because they hounded me." I came to respect not only the decisions Obama made but the way he made them. "He was listening."
Comey: "There is no deep state but there is a deep commitment to the culture and rule of law."
Comey: In late October 2016 I had a decision between bad and catastrophic. You can't weigh people's electoral prospects. A colleague said to me, what if you help Donald Trump get elected? I said you can't think in those terms. "Down that path lies the death of the FBI."
Comey on whether Steele dossier could all be true: "Sure. It could in larger measure be true. It could in large measure be false."
Comey: "I admire Jim Mattis a great deal and believe he's an American patriot." I worked for a long time with John Kelly and "developed a very positive relationship with him".
Asked if he wishes that Hillary Clinton had won the election, Comey replies: "That's one I'm not going to answer."
Comey: "On a regular basis the president tweets that I should be in jail and even I go 'ehhh!'" (shrugs shoulders) "That's crazy." Imagine if Barack Obama woke up one morning and tweeted like that.
Comey on impeachment: "The process would create a sense of illegitimacy among a big part of supporters of President Trump." I hope an election will bring "a moment of clarity".
Comey: I worry that people who consume the media don't realise that nothing is coming from the people who know what they're talking about. "That's not the media's fault. The sources are defence lawyers and not Robert Mueller's operation, which I think is as tight as a drum."
Comey on Scooter Libby pardon: "I think it's an attack on the rule of law. There's a reason that George W Bush, for whom Scooter Libby worked, declined to pardon him... I don't know whether it's a message."
Comey: "Sometimes you're stuck with bad or worse and you always have to choose bad over worse."
Comey: "It makes me sick to think that we might have had any impact" on the 2016 presidential election. "I don't know" if we did.
Comey on criticisms of him: "I don't think the thing about sanctimony is fair."
Asked if anyone morally opposed to Trump can serve him, Comey replies: "Yes. The question is in what capacity, at what cost to yourself, because I do believe anyone close to him will be stained." Asked if he was stained, Comey says: "I was fired."
Asked if should have resigned before he was fired, Comey replies: "No, definitely not."
Comey on whether Robert Mueller will interview Trump: "I do not know." It's hard to get to the truth in any investigation without "some interaction" with the subject.
Comey on ethics: The golden thread in all religions is "am I treating this other as I would want to be treated?" I write in the book that Jim Clapper is the leader in government that I most admire.
Comey: "I think over-confidence is one of the great challenges in human existence, especially in leadership."
Comey: "I learned that I don't love being recognised on the street and at airports and in bathrooms and in elevators... That's not something I crave or thrive on... What I learned about the media is a whole of people ask questions about a book they have not read."
At Axios and Politics &amp; Prose event at George Washington University. James Comey on Donald Trump: "I'm like a break-up that he can't get over for some reason. I'm living my life and I wake up and he's tweeting at me."
Trump: "I would like to visit Nigeria... It's an amazing country." I hear it may be the most beautiful country.
Trump on "shithole" comments: "We didn't discuss it because the president knows me and knows where I'm coming from."
Buhari on Trump's alleged "shithole" comments: "Well, I'm very careful with what the press says about other than myself. I'm not sure about the validity or whether that allegation against the president is true or not, so the best thing for me to remain quiet."
Trump: "We more and more are not wanting to be the policeman of the world... We want to police ourselves and we want to rebuild our country." The president understands that and Nigeria has come a long way. We do want to open up trade. "I have great respect for the president."
Trump: "You've got to have a wall. We need border security... Catch and release is ridiculous... We need a change in the law."
Trump on caravan: "We are a nation of laws. We have to have borders. If we don't have borders, we don't have a country... People don't realise what a big country Mexico is... We're doing the best we can with it. We have to have changes in Congress... We need a wall."
Trump on travel ban: "There's no reason to apologise. Our immigration laws in this country are a disaster. All over the world they're laughed at for their stupidity."
Buhari: "We hope we can continue to count on United States' support in this area." Nigeria remains committed to human rights, even in the anti-terrorism area.
Buhari: "We thank the United States government very much for cooperation we have received in efforts to restore stolen funds."
Buhari: I extend sincere congratulations to President Trump and the US government on the strong performance of the economy under his watch.
Buhari: "We are doing all we can to secure the release of the remaining schoolgirls." We welcome US cooperation on intelligence gathering, hostage negotiations and information sharing.
Buhari: The Nigerian military adopted counter-terrorism insurgency approach, code name 'safe corridor', to deradicalise, rehabilitate and reintegrate Boko Haram members to society.
Buhari: "We congratulated the United States government role on the important role it played in the defeat of Isis, although some remnants made their way to the Sahel region."
Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari: "It has been a pleasure and honour to visit Washington DC at the kind invitation of President Donald Trump. Nigeria and the United States share a long history of close and cordial relations."
Trump: We are selling aircraft that will enhance Nigeria's ability to target terrorists. We are concerned by religious violence and the targeting of Christians. "It's a horrible story."
Trump: "In the world today there is more human trafficking than there has ever been... They use the internet almost better than anyone is able to use it... There is more human trafficking than ever. And slavery. It's hard to believe."
Trump: I want to thank President Buhari for his support in the fight against Islamic terrorism. Boko Haram kidnapped girls and young women, many of whom were never seen again. "It's tough stuff."
Trump: "We give Nigeria well over $1 billion in aid every year and we have already started talking to the president about taking down the trade barriers... We think we are owed that."
Trump makes plea for support in 2026 football World Cup bid.
In White House rose garden. Donald Trump: “Nigeria is the largest democracy in Africa.” https://t.co/gwmysjwjRb
At White House Correspondents’ Assocation dinner. Spoke to Chris Christie, who said he talks to Trump often, adding: “He’s him.” Has the office changed him? “Not a lick.”
RT @peterbakernyt: Merkel has twice made a what-are-you-talking-about face when Trump tries to connect domestic politics with Germany.
Trump on Germans: They may not like Donald Trump but that means I'm doing a good job.
Trump: I don't blame the chancellor of Germany. I blame my predecessors. There's "tremendous potential" between the European Union and the United States.
Trump: We have a trade deficit with European Union of $151 billion. We have a far greater burden with Nato than we should. "Other countries should be paying more... Nato is wonderful but it helps Europe more than it helps us."
Merkel: "We have to learn to assume our role. There are differences of opinion. We as friends can discuss that openly."
Merkel: "We as Germans have to learn to assume more responsibility... We have made important steps in the right direction."
Merkel: America is still helping us but step by step we will have to increase our contribution... The president is saying you ought to have some more burden sharing. So we're maturing.
Merkel: "I think for a lot of people in Germany but also in many other countries people wish and love to go to the United States... We may see matters differently on certain political issues, but this land of freedom, this great country, still remains very attractive."
Merkel on Iran: I set out my position that this agreement is anything but perfect. It is one building block. We will now see what decisions are made by American partners. "We will continue to be in very close talks on this."
Trump: Presidents all made campaign promises but they never had the courage to do it. I had the courage. "Maybe it will be nicer than a billion dollar building."
Trump: "We already have a site. The site's much better than anything you could imagine... I may go. Very proud of it."
Trump: They came to me with an application for a $1 billion embassy in Jerusalem. I had my name half-signed but then I noticed the amount. I wrote "Donald" but never got to "Trump".
Trump jokes that the VA can fire people "almost as fast as they fire people in Germany". Merkel raises eyebrows and forces a smile.
Trump on VA: "We have many people that want that job. We've very proud of the job we've done for the veterans."
Trump: I called Jackson and said in a very big way you're an American hero because you've exposed the American system. I've had the same happen to me with the Russian hoax. "I think it's a disgrace."
Trump: "Ronny Jackson, admiral, doctor, is one of the finest men I have met over the last long period of time. High quality, high quality family... I explained that Washington can be a very mean place. You don't know about that, chancellor." (Merkel grimaces, frowns.)
Merkel: The principle of territorial integrity of Ukraine is important. "I believe the exchange is there. Again, sanctions have been adopted by Congress."
Merkel: We discussed Ukraine and the illegitimate actions of Russia. "I'm very pleased to say that we work very closely with the American administration... The sanctions are very much a thing of the Congress."
Trump on Iran: "I don't talk about whether or not I'll use military force." They will not be dealing in nuclear weapons. "You can bank on it."
Trump: "I think I have a responsibility to see if I can do it... It's certainly something I hope I can do for the world."
Trump: "I think some very good things can happen with North Korea."
Trump: President Obama said to me in a one to one meeting that North Korea would be my biggest problem. It should have been handled much earlier.
Trump: I get a "big kick" out of watching people who've got nowhere over the last 25 years trying to explain to me how to make a deal with North Korea.
Asked if he has spoken with Kim Jong-un, Trump replies: "I don't want to comment on that."
Merkel: "We're delighted that we finally have an ambassador.'
Merkel: The president is not satisfied with the trade surplus. We have been able to reduce that but we still have a long way to go.
Merkel on Iran: "We are of the opinion that the JCPOA is a first step towards slowing down their activities... but this is not sufficient."
Trump: "The close friendship between the German and American people enriches the lives of millions and millions of our citizens."
Trump: The World Trade Organisation "has not treated the United States well".
Trump: "A lot of things are happening that were never going to happen before. That is why we must have a fair and reciprocal relationship with our trading partners."
Trump: We discussed "the responsibility of European nations to properly contribute to their own defence". Strengthen the Nato alliance: members should spend 2% of GDP and "hopefully much more".
Trump: The chancellor and I discussed Iran. "We must ensure this murderous regime does not even get close to a nuclear weapon."
Trump: "Maximum pressure will continue until denuclearisation occurs. I look forward to our meeting, which will be quite something."
Trump: "I want to congratulate the Republic of Korea on its historic summit with North Korea... I will be meeting Kim Jong-un in the coming weeks... It's taken many decades to get here. Let's see what happens."
At the White House. Donald Trump: “Today I’m honoured to welcome Chancellor Angela Merkel back to the White House... We have a great relationship.” https://t.co/9568LMagqv
Ryan: “I do worry that the world my kids are growing up in is going to be a heck of a lot more polarised than the world I grew up in. We should be shooting in the opposite direction.”
At White House Correspondents’ Association lunch at the Watergate. House Speaker Paul Ryan to student journalists: You are a “crucial ingredient” in the success of our country. “You don’t hear that every day from elected officials.” https://t.co/4GJWlAaGGY
Trump: “All of you winners, total winners, and you’re going to be winners in life. You’re very special people and very special champions.”
Trump putting Olympians on the spot: “Say something.” The first two are reluctant - “Hi everybody,” - but the third offers a couple of sentences.
Trump: We hope North and South Korea “can some day live in harmony, prosperity and peace. That looks like it could happen... Now we have a much better alternative than anyone thought even possible.”
At the White House. Donald Trump: “I’m thrilled to welcome Team USA to the White House.” https://t.co/gCE0b0wF8E
At The Washington Post. Jordan Klepper: If I met Ted Cruz, I would ask him why he wrote a glowing review of Donald Trump after the way he treated him in the campaign. "Does tribalism really trump any self-respect? I would love to know."
RT @TheDailyShow: "We know Trump watches ‘Fox &amp; Friends’ and yells at the TV. Today, he did the same thing, but we got to listen in." https…
"Against ignorance, we have education. Against inequalities, development. Against cynicism, trust and good faith. Against fanaticism, culture. Against disease and epidemics, medicine. Against the threats on the planet, science." President Emmanuel Macron: https://t.co/voaffMU3jP
Macron has long handshake with John Lewis and listens to him intently.
Macron surrounded by members of Congress eager for a handshake. Then Mnuchin and Betsy DeVos get their turn and exchange words and smiles.
RT @sbg1: Very likely Macron could win 2020 Democratic presidential nomination...
Macron finishes to standing ovation and cheers.
Macron: "What we cherish is at stake, what we love is in danger. We have no choice but to prevail and, together, we shall prevail."
Macron: "Our people cherish the friendship of the American people."
Macron: "I believe that facing all these challenges, all this anger, all this fear, our unity, our destiny is to work together."
Macron: We can work together to build a comprehensive new deal for the region.
Macron: "France will not leave the JCPOA." (Nancy Pelosi leads Democrats in standing and applauding.)
Macron on Iran nuclear deal: "We signed it, the United States and France. That is why we cannot say we should not get rid of it like that." We should not invalidate it without having something more substantial instead.
Macron: "Let us not replicate past mistakes. Let us not be naive."
Macron: France supports the US in its efforts to bring denuclearisation to the Korean peninsula. "As for Iran, our objective is clear. Iran shall never possess any nuclear weapons. Not now, not in five years, not in 10 years. Ne-ever."
Macron condemns "fake news". Mnuchin grins and gives two thumbs up. Macron: "Democracy is about rational choices... We also have to fight against the terrorist propaganda."
Macron: We hope one day the United States will come back and rejoin the Paris climate agreement. (Democrats stand and cheer while Mnuchin, Zinke and other Republicans remain riveted to their seats.)
Macron on climate change: "Let us face it: there is no Planet B." Senators Bob Corker and Jeff Flake stand and applaud but many Republicans do not.
Macron advocates low carbon economy to combat climate change. Democrats stand and applaud; Republicans do not.
Macron: "Our middle classes are the backbone of our democracies." (Applause and cheers.)
Macron: "I believe the United States and the European Union should cooperate to find the right balance between innovation and ethics."
Macron: Trade war is not the answer. "At the end of the day it will destroy jobs, increase prices and the middle class will have to pay for it... We wrote these rules; we should follow them."
Macron offers solutions including, "Against the threat to the planet: science." Steven Mnuchin, Ryan Zinke and Rick Perry rise to applaud. Zinke wears a cryptic smile.
RT @PhilipinDC: Macron’s joke in the House chamber: “In 1778 a French philosopher and Benjamin Franklin met in Paris. John Adams tells the…
Macron: We can actively work together to build a 21st century world order for our people.
Macron: "We have to shape our common answer to the global threats we are facing."
Macron: We can choose isolationism and nationalism but closing the door to the world will not stop the evolution of the world. It will not douse the flames. "We have to keep our eyes wide open to the risks right in front of us... It is a critical moment."
Macron: "Both in the United States and Europe, we are living in a time of anger and fear... You can blame anger and fear for a time, but they do not construct anything...'The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.'" (Members stand and applaud.)
Macron: The international community needs to "step up our game" to reaffirm the principles established after the second world war. We are witnessing attacks on democracy.
Macron: France and the United States "must face together the global challenges of the 21st century".
Macron: Our two societies have stood for human rights for all.
Macron: We stand together in Syria to fight terrorist groups who seek to destroy everything for which we stand. "Freedom and democracy."
Macron: "The strength of our bonds is the source of our shared ideals. This is what unites us in the struggle against imperialism in the first world war, then the fight against Nazism in the second world war."
Macron: Today President Trump's decision to offer France the first state visit to Washington has "resonance" because of our shared history.
Macron: "We have shared a common vision for humanity. Our two nations are rooted in the same soil."
Macron shakes hands with Steven Mnuchin and exchanges a tepid wave with Rick Perry. Kamala Harris smiles. Someone shouts: "Vive la France!" Applause continues as Macron takes the podium.
Announcer: "Mr Speaker, the president of the French republic!" (Emmanuel Macron enters to handshakes and applause, followed by Kevin McCarthy and Nancy Pelosi.)
At joint meeting of Congress. Members applaud Brigitte Macron, who is in usual first lady's section of public gallery.
Went to first night of Druid production of Waiting for Godot at Shakespeare Theatre Company. Superb cast find both the humour and existential bedrock of Beckett's masterpiece. Rory Nolan's Pozzo is sinister and unnerving. Ambiguity reigns.
Trump: "I wouldn't do it. What does he need it for?... I'll stand behind him. It's totally his decision."
Trump: "I don't want to put a man through who's not a political person." It's an ugly process. He'll make a decision.
Trump on Jackson: "I said, 'What do you need it for?' It's totally his decision, but he'll be making a decision."
Trump: Dr Ronny Jackson is one of the finest people I have ever met. "I know there's an experience problem."
Trump: "If Iran threatens us, they are going to pay a price like few countries have ever paid."
Trump: "Nobody knows that I'm going to do on the 12th but Mr President, you have a pretty good idea." This is a deal with decaying foundations. It should never have been made. "I blame Congress. I blame a lot of people for it."
Trump: "We have spent $7 trillion in the Middle East and we have got nothing for it. Less than nothing, as far as I am concerned." The countries are going to have to pay for it. And they will pay for it.
Trump: Countries that are in the area, some of which that are immensely wealthy, would not be there but for the United States "and, to a lesser extent, France". They would be gone in a week. They have to step up and pay.
Macron: "I always said we should not tear apart the JCPOA and have nothing else. This would not be a good solution."
Macron: The idea of moving on to a new deal that would include a solution for Syria is, I believe, "a strong step forward".
Macron: "I do not know what President Trump will decide regarding the JCPOA." I would like to work on four pillars already covered by the JCPOA.
Macron on Iran: "We have to find a fair deal where we can fix the overall situation."
Macron on trade: There is no imbalance in the relationship. We are following and respecting the WTO rules. It makes sense to follow the rules you helped create.
Asked what denuclearisation of North Korea means, Trump replies: "It means they get rid of their nukes. Very simple."
Trump: Instead of handing cash to Iran, they should have made a deal that included Syria and the Middle East.
Trump: "Emmanuel and I have discussed that we don't want give Iran open season to the Mediterranean." I do want to come home but I also want to come home having accomplished what we want to accomplish.
Trump on North Korea: "The end result is: we'll see. Maybe good things will happen and maybe we're all wasting a lot of time."
Trump: President Xi has been strong and not allowed much through the border. "I do play the trade card... They have been extremely strong on the border and very little has gotten through... I also think China has never treated us with as much respect."
Trump: "I want to see denuclearisation of North Korea. There have been a lot of concessions." We haven't made any concessions. We've put more sanctions on a country than we've done before by far.
Trump on Kim Jong-un: "I hope we will be able to deal in a very open and honourable fashion with North Korea... A lot is happening. I hope it's going to be very positive... I am starting at a level that, frankly, I shouldn't have had to start."
Trump and Macron share an elaborate handshake and Trump says: "I like him a lot."
Macron: "We also talked about climate and here, also, we know where we stand."
Macron: "In the long run we need to win peace and make sure Syria does not fall into any hegemony in the region."
Macron: I believe the discussions pave the way for a new agreement.
Macron: "France is not naive when it comes to Iran. We also have a lot of respect for the Iranian people... but we do not repeat the mistakes of the past."
Macron: We wish to work on a new deal with Iran.
Macron: It's not a mystery, we did not have the same starting position on the Iran deal. "We have had very frank discussions." You consider it a bad deal. For months I have been saying it is not sufficient but enabled to have us some control over their nuclear activities.
Emmanuel Macron: Our bonds are based on "our deep attachment to freedom and peace". When these are threatened, we come to each other's aid.
Trump: "For two centuries the alliance between France and the United States has been the cornerstone of freedom... I am confident that our future has never, ever looked brighter."
Trump: "Both of our elections owe much of their success to the desire of everyday citizens to be heard..." The voice of the people will always reign.
Trump: "In the fight against terrorism, we both know we must be strong from within to defend ourselves against threats from outside... You are our oldest ally and you are one of our greatest allies."
Trump: I will soon be meeting Kim Jong-un as we seek peace and harmony for the region and the whole world. But "the campaign of maximum pressure will continue." The US and France also agree that Iran cannot be allowed to build a nuclear weapon.
Trump: After the first world war, civilised nations came together to ban chemical weapons. After Assad used chemical weapons, the US, France and UK came together to strike at the heart of Syria's chemical weapons programme. "And it was a well executed effort at that."
Trump: We are deeply grateful you visited George Washington’s tomb at Mount Vernon. https://t.co/gOYtPeOV5U
Donald Trump: "Melania and I are truly honoured to welcome French president Macron and Mrs Macron to the White House."
In the White House east room. Mike Pence, Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross, John Bolton, Sarah Sanders, Kellyanne Conway and Fiona Hill in place for press conference.
RT @DanLinden: Trump on Macron: “We have a very special relationship, in fact I’ll get that little piece of dandruff off…we have to make hi…
'Why are the Bushes, Clintons, Obamas and Melania smiling so broadly at a funeral?' Jonathan Freedland in The Guardian: https://t.co/u8XnXQgihX
Pence: "Under President Donald Trump, America is determined to lead in space once again" and wants to build on the great work of the past six decades.
Pence: "I know how proud you are to know your nation is once again leading in space."
Pence to ISS: "On behalf of President Donald Trump and a proud nation, thank you for your service in space."
Host tries to communicate with three astronauts on International Space Station but they cannot hear. Pence jokes: "Did we pay the bill?" Finally link is established and Pence gives thumbs up.
Pence swearing in Bridenstine as Nasa administrator. https://t.co/GoehmwF2qG
Bridenstine: "Nasa represents what is best about the United States of America. We lead, we discover, we pioneer and we inspire."
Bridenstine: "Bipartisan is important in space."
Bridenstine: "Chairman Ted Cruz, thank you for all the help you have provided."
Bridenstine: Thank you to you and the president for everything you are doing to ensure "the United States of America remains the preeminent spacefaring nation in the world".
Pence: President Trump and I are confident "you will bring all of those qualities to bear, along with your character, on a new chapter of renewed American leadership in space."
Pence: Jim Bridenstine performed combat missions in Iraq and Afghanistan. "He earned a reputation as one of Congress's most dedicated champions of American space leadership." Above all, Jim brings "passion" for America's space programme.
Pence: We will return to the moon and, with commercial and international partners, we will send humans to Mars.
Pence: I bring greetings from the 45th president of the United States, Donald Trump. From his first day in office President Trump has been keeping his promise to renew America's legacy in space.
At Nasa headquarters. Mike Pence: We're here to usher in "what we believe is a new chapter of renewed American leadership in space with the swearing in of the newest administrator of Nasa, Jim Bridenstine."
RT @brianstelter: This is the photo of the weekend. Hmm, no, the photo of the year so far. It was taken by @PaulMorsePhoto. What do you see…
@jbhager  Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
@MarkSalter55  Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Went to first night of "Master Harold"... and the Boys at Round House Theatre. Haunting portrayal of apartheid South Africa with strong performances, potent silences and evocative set design that ring true to Athol Fugard's spirit.
RT @jmpalmieri: Also really glad that I hit number 1 just under the wire before Jim Comey’s book comes out next week and he crushes my drea…
RT @TheDailyShow: Could Trump really get impeached? Let’s go Hasan The Record: https://t.co/Outeph7co8 https://t.co/DHE1rA6vnt
@Ralph_Peters1  Please contact David Smith at david.smith@theguardian.com
Went to first night of Two Trains Running at Arena Stage. Excellent ensemble rises to the challenge of August Wilson's play, which captures the poetry of ordinary lives and everyday language. A rich sense of time and place.
@AnnCoulter   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Mayor Muriel Bowser and others sing “We shall overcome”. https://t.co/vcWvYMJVoG
RT @repjohnlewis: 50 years ago today, I learned the painful news that my friend, my mentor, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. had been assassinat…
Spot where King delivered his ‘I have a dream’ speech at the Lincoln Memorial. https://t.co/MkMoq0RVeE
Note left at King memorial. https://t.co/5hvkOC5Bcr
Martin Luther King memorial in Washington, surrounded by cherry blossoms and inscribed with the words ‘Out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope’, on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. https://t.co/1RTauIAaeR
Martin Luther King memorial in Washington, surrounded by cherry blossoms and inscribed with the words ‘Out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope’, on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. https://t.co/rrS4B6bts9
British artist Simon Birch’s art installation The Barmecide Feast at the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum, marking the 50th anniversary of the release of the film 2001: A Space Odyssey. https://t.co/O1mXRUc64L
RT @DanMulhall: Brian Friel’s Translations is one of our greatest 20th century Irish plays. Great to see it playing in Washington and with…
'The King and Kennedy assassinations: if the dead could speak.' From BBC Radio 4: https://t.co/ZzjWD8UByo
RT @RichardHaass: .@realDonaldTrump is now set for war on 3 fronts: political vs Bob Mueller, economic vs China/others on trade, and actual…
‘The top 15 Democratic presidential candidates for 2020, ranked.’ From The Washington Post:  https://t.co/iA27clNk6c
https://t.co/iA27clNk6c
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am pleased to announce that, effective 4/9/18, @AmbJohnBolton will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very th…
‘Cambridge Analytica scandal rocks already rattled Trump world.’ From MSNBC: https://t.co/MikVVLmdI9 via @msnbc
@wendi_c_thomas   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Went to preview of Nat Turner in Jerusalem at Silver Spring Black Box. Finely crafted play that explores religion and resistance in language that rings true to the period. Superb performances by Jon Hudson Odom and Joseph Carlson. Beautifully lit.
'Or, as Wylie describes it, he was the gay Canadian vegan who somehow ended up creating “Steve Bannon’s psychological warfare mindfuck tool”.' From The Observer in the UK: https://t.co/hHdnt9HAEo
Sanders on McMaster report: "The president said it was not accurate and he had no intention of changing and they had a great working relationship."
Sanders: Senator Rand Paul made comments "off incorrect information".
Sanders on Gina Haspel: "We are highly confident and certainly very excited about the nomination of deputy director Gina Haspel to take over as director of the CIA. She's highly qualified... There have been a number of Republicans who've come out and praised this nomination."
Sanders: "The president's going to continue fighting for the American worker."
Sanders on North Korea talks: Still no update on time or location.
Sanders: "He just nominated two new people to be part of his cabinet so we are getting close." We will focus on issues that actually matter to the American people.
Sanders: "We don't have any personnel changes at this time."
Sanders: Personnel changes are not imminent. Our focus is not on a lot of the news stories you are focused on. General McMaster is a dedicated public servant and is focused on Russia and North Korea.
Sanders on physical threat to Stormy Daniels: Certainly I would condemn any threat to a person. I have no knowledge. I would refer you to the president's lawyers. I haven't spoke to the president about it.
Short: "I believe the president always the ability to make changes when he wants." Our requirement is to get "quality people". Pompeo and Haspel are "incredibly qualified".
Short on Dreamers: "The president has been very open to continued negotiations on this. He's anxious to get a deal... He wants to protect them."
Short: "I think the president has been vocal about this. Perhaps I'm the warm-up act for him making a larger foray into this."
Short on Mike Pompeo: "He has done a phenomenal job as director of the CIA." We hope Senate Democrats will support his nomination as secretary of state.
Short: "The American people got so frustrated with the way Washington works they elected an outsider to come and try and fix it."
Asked about South Korea ambassador vacancy, Short replies: Some nominees have withdrawn from the process before being nominated to the Senate.
Short: "This level of obstruction is beyond historic. We know you are very focused on personnel in the White House. We ask that you also shine a light on historic obstruction in the Senate."
Short: Many of these positions are in fact national security positions.
Short: At the EPA deputy administrator Andrew Wheeler. He was nominated 152 days ago. "Scott Pruitt still does not have a deputy at the EPA."
Short: "We still do not have a deputy secretary, a number two person, at the Department of Labor."
Short: Schumer is doing it even to nominees he eventually supports. Some Democrats have begun to call it out. "At this rate the Senate would take 11 and a half years to confirm our nominees."
Short: At this point in the past four administrations combined, the Senate conducted 17 cloture votes. Today the Senate has had 79 cloture votes in the first 14 months of our administration. "Senator Schumer is essentially weaponising a Senate procedure."
Marc Short: We have faced "historic obstructions" by Senator Schumer and Senate Democrats to our nominees.
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: The president will be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday to further enhance the administration's commitment to combating the opioid crisis.
RT @PressSec: Just spoke to @POTUS and Gen. H.R. McMaster - contrary to reports they have a good working relationship and there are no chan…
Sanders: "The president's been talking about unfair trade practices for decades. It's not new for him."
Sanders: We're going to continue working with our ally the UK. We'll keep you posted on any specific actions.
Sanders: "The president and General McMaster are continuing to work together to put pressure on Russia to do the right thing."
Sanders on Salisbury attack: "We're working in close coordination with the United Kingdom."
Sanders: "We've seen just this week the House intelligence committee come out and say there was no collusion."
Sanders: "The president believes very strongly there was no collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. We're going to continue cooperating with the special counsel."
Asked if Russia is friend or foe, Sanders replies: "I think that's something Russia is going to have to make that determination.... We're going to be tough on Russia until they decide to change their behaviour."
Asked if Vladimir Putin is playing Trump, Sanders replies: "Not at all... The president has also shown that he's been extremely tough on Russia."
Sanders on Rand Paul's criticism: "We have two incredibly skilled, highly qualified individuals to lead these two agencies... that should be confirmed and we fully expect that they are."
Asked if Trump admitted not being truthful with Trudeau, Sanders replies: "That's actually not what he said... He didn't have to look at the specific figures because he knew there was a deficit."
Sanders on trade with Canada: "For one thing, they're not taking into account the additional things like energy and timber... There actually is a deficit."
Sanders on Gina Haspel: The president is proud of his nominee and she has drawn support from both sides of the aisle.
Sanders: "As you move through an administration you have different priorities" and different people who might lead those at different times.
Sanders: The president wants the right people in the right positions at the right time.
Sanders: The US "stands in solidarity" with its closest ally the United Kingdom. We share the UK's assessment that Russia was responsible for the attack.
Sanders: "There was no collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. For specific questions about the Trump Organisation I would refer you to them."
Sanders on Ireland: "Relations between our two countries are stronger than ever."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "The president is aware of the pedestrian bridge collapse at Florida International University. First responders are working feverishly to save lives."
New on Pennsylvania Avenue. https://t.co/ijEQaqFsWB
RT @BarackObama: Have fun out there among the stars. https://t.co/S285MTwGtp
Paul: The idea we would be saying here at home we're fine with torture and waterboarding would send a terrible message if any of our soldiers are captured.
Paul: "I think the replacement of Tillerson with Pompeo will be the replacement of someone advocating diplomacy with someone advocating regime change."
Paul: "I think Tillerson was useful in balancing some of the views in the administration."
Paul: "Senator McCain has voiced some misgivings about the CIA appointment... If he alone were to say no, it might be enough, actually." It depends on Democratic solidarity.
Paul: "To reward somebody, to make them head of the CIA, after they were involved in something as horrible as waterboarding, sends a terrible message."
Paul: "To appoint the head cheerleader for waterboarding to be head of the CIA?... To read of her glee during the waterboarding is absolutely appalling."
Paul: Appointing someone who was involved in waterboarding and "gleeful" about it sends the wrong message to the world. "I would say to the president: pick people who support your policy."
At US Senate. Senator Rand Paul: "I will oppose both Pompeo's nomination and Haspel's nomination." I will do everything I can to block them. "I still do support President Trump. I think he's done a lot of good things."
Eastwood: I'm glad the British ambassador said they oppose a hard border but "their current position does not stand. It does not add up." We cannot continue with frictionless trade if we continue on the path the British government is going down.
Colum Eastwood of the SDLP: "We are facing an enormous threat that we haven't faced in a long time. It's called Brexit." There are people threatening to rip up the Good Friday Agreement to make Brexit easier.
Adams: Martin McGuinness would tell us to give ourselves a good shake. "We have to be problem solvers."
Adams: "After centuries of British involvement in Ireland, it's time we shaped our own future... That also should be the objective of the British government."
Adams: We have to keep working on it. We have to overcome mutual suspicion and distrust.
Adams: "The current impasse is deeply worrying. I myself am concerned about the polarisation in the north... The Good Friday Agreement remains the bedrock of any future agreement."
Adams: "The best option is a return to the power sharing government. That's what Sinn Fein is for." It may not be possible in the medium term.
Adams: Despite the majority of people in the north voting to remain in the EU, the DUP supports the Conservative government on Brexit and its austerity agenda.
Adams: "The IRA is gone. The war is over... and that's one of the great achievements of modern Anglo-Irish history."
Adams: "It's not a settlement; it was never meant to be. It was an agreement on a journey." But no agreement on the destination, and that's the current difficulty.
Gerry Adams: "Twenty years ago the north was a byword for conflict. Today, notwithstanding the current difficulties, the Good Friday Agreement is seen as a beacon of light." Untold hundreds of lives have been saved.
Darroch: The prime minister said the UK remains committed to north-south cooperation and avoiding a hard border. She said she will not allow our departure from the EU to set back progress in Northern Ireland.
Darroch: "The British government remains committed to the Belfast agreement... We will take those decisions necessary to provide good governance and political stability in Northern Ireland."
Kim Darroch: There have been setbacks but "there is no doubt Northern Ireland has taken huge strides over the last two decades".
Mitchell: "We must encourage a Brexit outcome that does not re-establish a hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland. The governments of the United States and United Kingdom must avoid any economic decisions that cost jobs or create hardships in Northern Ireland."
Mitchell notes the venue is the Library of Congress and says the US should not lecture on political dysfunction and nor should the UK. British ambassador Kim Darroch's eyebrows rise for a micro second.
Mitchell: "The problems are real. The challenges to the people and political leaders are serious and they must be resolved but, at the same time, we must not hold Northern Ireland to a higher standard than we apply to ourselves and others."
Mitchell: Today in the western world it is fashionable to savage political leaders, and God knows many deserve it, but we don't give enough credit to those "who do dare greatly and succeed".
Mitchell: "President Clinton was the first American president to make peace in North Ireland a central objective of his administration. He jumped in where others feared to tread."
At Library of Congress forum to mark 20th anniversary of Good Friday Agreement. George Mitchell: Twenty years ago I said the agreement was an historic achievement, but I also said it "did not guarantee" peace or political stability or reconciliation in Ireland.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex…
Sanders: "I can't weigh in on any specifics before an election but I can refer you back to the president's public comments he made on Saturday."
Sanders on North Korea: "We know the maximum pressure campaign is working. We know they have responded due to that."
Sanders on California trip tomorrow: The president thinks safety and security of the country is a priority and the wall is a big part of that. He will talk to the military. While he may not have won California, "there's certainly a lot of support for this president".
Sanders: "The president is going to be the lead on school safety when it comes to this administration."
Sanders on China abolishing term limits: "I cannot weight in on that." The president and President Xi have a good relationship. The willingness of China to pressure North Korea owes a lot to that relationship.
Sanders on attack on Russian former spy in UK: "Outrage... reckless... irresponsible... We stand by our closest ally in the special relationship we have... We are ready if we can be of any assistance."
Sanders: "He hasn't backed away from these things at all. They're still outlined in the plan." He can't do them with "a stroke of the pen". We are focused on things we can do immediately.
Sanders: There are a number of things he's pushing through that are "very tangible".
Sanders: "The president, as you know, doesn't have the ability to just create federal law." He is focusing on things that have bipartisan support or the administration can do.
Sanders on gun safety proposals: "A lot of those things are still outlined... Right now the president's primary focus is on pushing things through that have broad bipartisan support... We haven't let go of those other things."
Sanders: The president will welcome Prince Mohammed bin Salman of Saudi Arabia on March 20. He will make his first visit to Latin America next month.
Sanders: "The president will continue to lead the way on keeping our children safe."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "We will ensure our schools are safe and secure just like our airports, stadiums and federal government buildings."
Trump: Our country is doing well. We’re not letting other countries take advantage of us any more. (Applause.)
Trump: “I’m a baseball fan and I used to play baseball at a slightly different level, high school level.”
Trump: “You strive to be the best and you won really big... It’s an unbreakable spirit of the great state of Texas... When’s the opening day? Are you nervous?”
Trump on golf: “I’m a pretty good hitter. This guy is a monster.”
Trump: “Unbelievable. That’s a hell of a team.”
Trump: I’m a baseball fan. Winning the World Series required faith in your vision and unwavering will to succeed.
Trump spots Louie Gohmert. “What a good Congressman.”
Trump: “I want to thank every member of the Astros team who spent time with those displaced in shelters.” You donated salaries. You’re going to be doing even better. I want to be your agent.
Trump: After what you went through with the hurricane, it was incredible spirit. “Houston strong.”
Trump to Kevin Brady: We’re going for another tax cut. Phase two.
At the White House. Donald Trump to the Houston Astros: “The Yankees were tough, as tough as anybody, but you guys were just a little bit tougher.” https://t.co/zvFiC45nIu
'The Trump era represents a test of sturdy-seeming American values, and the stakes are global.' From The New Yorker: https://t.co/jkbJhjdhG2
Sanders: The president is the ultimate negotiator and deal maker.
Sanders on whether North Korea meeting will happen: "Look, they've got to follow through on the promises they've made." President accepted on basis of concrete, verifiable steps.
Sanders: The president wants to ensure we have the most robust and modern military. Secretary Mattis is making the best decisions to modernise the military. "We're talking about the safety and security of this country."
Sanders on whether H R McMaster will take part in North Korea talks: "No reason to believe otherwise."
Sanders on California: "If anybody is stepping out of bounds it would be someone who is not following federal law, which is certainly not the president." The president will look at prototypes on the border and meet members of the military.
Sanders on Stormy Daniels: "We've addressed this extensively and I have nothing else to add."
Sanders on why South Koreans made White House announcement last night: "Those were the individuals that had talked directly with the North Koreans."
Sanders: A couple of weeks ago a lot of members of the press were elevating members of North Korean leadership and putting them on the same level as people in the United States.
Sanders: China and others have stepped up and done more than they did with previous administrations. "This is a collective effort."
Sanders: "We are making no concessions and we are not going to move forward until we see concrete and verified actions taken by North Korea."
Sanders: "The president is getting promises out of North Korea that haven't been made in any recent years." We will continue "maximum pressure campaign" to ensure they follow through on these commitments.
Sanders: "The secretary of state's deputy was in the room when these conversations went on so it's absurd to suggest they were not part of the process."
Sanders: "We've had ongoing conversations with leaders across the world."
Sanders: "This is part of an going campaign. It's been ongoing for a year."
Sanders: "Even President Moon is saying this is because of the leadership of President Trump... The president's in a great mood."
Sanders: The president is getting exactly what he wanted. "Nothing is changing in the United States' position... I definitely don't think the president is getting nothing." He will not have the meeting without seeing concrete steps and concrete actions from the North Koreans.
Sanders: "The understanding from the South Korean delegation is that North Korea will denuclearise."
Sanders: "For the first time in a long time, the United States is having conversations from a position of strength, not a position of weakness."
Sanders: "Let's be very clear: the United States has made zero concessions. North Korea has made some promises."
Sanders: "I think Lindsey Graham knows President Trump is one of the best negotiators."
Sanders: "We've accepted the invitation to talk based on them following through with concrete action on the promises they've made."
Sanders on North Korea: "What we know is the maximum security campaign has clearly been effective... They've made some major promises... We're going to continue that effort."
Sanders on trade tariffs: Two countries were excluded and there will be opportunity to negotiate with others on national security.
Sanders on North Korea meeting: "As we said last night, a time and place have not yet been determined... We're not going to have those conversations between me and you and the press."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "We are once again seeing strong evidence the American dream is back and real under President Trump's leadership." Nearly three million jobs created since he took office. "The federal government is getting out of the way."
'Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un believe they are winning – and the risks of that are epic.' Julian Borger in The Guardian: https://t.co/14nHYdrT1P
Sanders: Kellyanne Conway did not advocate for or against the election of any candidate. Her statement shows her intention and desire to comply with the Hatch Act.
Sanders: "The president does plan to make a trip to California next week." Why has it taken so long? He's been busy.
Asked if countries have complained to the WTO about tariffs, Sanders replies: "I'm not aware of specific complaints."
Asked what the management issue is at the White House, Sanders replies: "I don't believe there is one. That's why the first year of the administration has been so successful."
Sanders on elephant hunting: "The president's been clear on what his position is. That has not changed."
Sanders on Stormy Daniels: "This case had already been won in arbitration and there was no knowledge of any payments by the president and he has denied all these allegations... Ongoing litigation, I'm not going to comment any further than I already have."
Sanders: The FBI failed to disclose to the judge that the dossier was funded by the Clinton campaign.
Sanders on violence in video games: "Certainly something that should be looked at and something we want to have a conversation about."
Sanders: "I think if you look at the overall message of the markets, we're doing far better under President Trump than we were before he took office."
Sanders: "The president's focused on long term economic goals. The economy is evidentially stronger today than it was when he took office."
Sanders: "The president is prepared to protect our country. That's the number one priority he has as president."
Sanders on EU retaliation: "Look, the president has been talking about this for a long time. It shouldn't come as a surprise to anybody." He wants a strong economy.
Sanders: "At the end of the day the American people voted overwhelmingly for Donald J Trump." They can rest assured they made the right decision.
Sanders on Gary Cohn's successor: "The president has a number of people under consideration."
Sanders on case of Russian former spy in the UK: "This is currently under review and I'll keep you posted as further information develops on that front."
Sanders on Stormy Daniels: The president has made clear that "none of these allegations are true... I've addressed this as far as I can go... I would refer you to the president's outside counsel."
Sanders: "The United States has been taken advantage of for far too long and he's not going to allow that to continue on his watch."
Sanders on White House chaos: "It's not abnormal that you would have people and come and go but we continue to do great work... There are historic things that have taken place in the first year; sounds like a functioning place of business to me."
Sanders on trade tariffs: "There are potential carve outs for Mexico and Canada based on national security and possibly other countries as well." Decide on country by country, case by case basis.
Sanders: We have highlighted the Democrats' historic obstruction. 43% of the president's highly qualified nominees are awaiting confirmation. Failure to confirm ambassador to Germany is putting national security at risk. "Senator Schumer is blocking nominees indiscriminately."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "Last year Hispanic unemployment reached the lowest level in history."
"Prime Minister May would like to have President Trump come to Britain and do some bilateral business together but the mayor of London has made that well nigh impossible because he's more popular than she is." Analyst Kori Schake: https://t.co/by4MePjtff
Pelosi: “We all have to have strong shoulders for the next generation to succeed and stand on our shoulders.”
Pelosi: We stand now at an another turning point in history. Women in every corner of life are showing their power. “When women succeed, America succeeds.”
Pelosi: “We need more women engaged in every area of our democracy. Don’t you agree?”
At Smithsonian National Museum of American History. Nancy Pelosi: Confidence is important for women. “Be yourself. Know your power. Go for it.” https://t.co/i0CuF1DsrV
Trump: "Sweden's a great country. It's small but it's very sharp."
Trump: "I think we have very good relationships on trade... We are in constant touch."
Löfven: "But of course also friends differ from time to time." We think the Paris climate agreement is very important. Also tariffs as well.
Löfven on Trump: "We both come from outside politics into politics."
Trump on Russian meddling in midterm elections: "We'll counteract whatever they do, we'll counteract it very strongly."
Trump: Historically the party in the White House has struggled "but I think we're going to do very well... The economy is so good, jobs are so good... But you have to be very vigilant... It's always good to have a paper back-up system of voting. It's called paper."
Trump: "The Russians had no impact on our votes whatsoever but certainly there was meddling and probably there was meddling from other countries... We're doing a very deep study."
Löfven on Sweden: "It's not like you have no go zones... There is no place in Sweden for organised crime... Unemployment is going down; employment is going up... We have a strong, strong economy with a huge surplus."
Trump: "Believe me, everybody wants to work in the White House... It's tough. I like conflict... I could take any position in the White House and I'll have a choice of the top 10 people. They love this White House because we have energy like rarely before."
Trump on North Korea: "I really believe they're sincere, I hope they're sincere. We're going to find out."
Asked to what does he owe North Korea's new openness to talk, Trump replies: "Me."
Löfven: It's not up to us to solve this problem but with our long presence in the region, I believe that North Korea trust us.
Trump: "Swedish people are fantastic people. I have many friends in New York and Washington from Sweden. Fantastic people."
Next question. Trump leaps in to answer before Swedish prime minister. "Sweden is, I think, the eighth largest investor in the United States and they like me very much... They like Trump."
Trump: "I think I was elected at least partially on this issue and I've been saying it for 25 years."
Trump: "I've been watching where the reporters are writing 2% of our steel comes from China. That's not right... They send it through other countries and it comes to us. It's putting our steel mills out of business."
Löfven: When it comes to steel, yes, we have an over-capacity in the world, but it is China producing about 50% and the European Union less than 10%.
Löfven: It's important to find a way to cooperate. I fully understand the president's view: he has to look out for his own country. But the best way for us is to trade with others. "Open and free trade... The supply trains are very complicated."
Trump: "We have to straighten it out. We really have no choice."
Trump: We're going to do it in "a loving way" and they'll respect us much more. (Löfven smiles.)
Trump: "When we're behind on every other country, trade wars aren't so bad... The trade war hurts them; it doesn't hurt us."
Trump: If we can do a deal with Canada and Mexico, we won't need to impose tariffs. With other countries we don't have that choice.
Trump: "The European Union has been particularly tough on the United States. They make it very hard to do business with them but then they send their cars to the United States... We cannot lose our steel industry. It's a fraction of what it once was."
Trump on tariffs: "The United States has been taken advantage of by other countries, both friendly and not so friendly, for many years. We have a trade deficit of $800 billion and that's not going to happen under me... I blame the leadership for allowing it to happen."
Löfven: "We greatly value our broad security and defence cooperation with the United States." We stand shoulder to shoulder in the global fight against Isis.
Löfven: "Tariffs will hurt us all in the long run."
Swedish prime minister Stefan Löfven: Sweden supports directly and indirectly one million jobs in the United States. "Sweden and the United States are two of the most innovative economies in the world and we see great opportunities ahead."
Trump: “Our relationship has never been better. I’m honoured to have you here.” https://t.co/jES1fXKPFQ
Trump: Sweden has "some of the greatest executives in the world. People I've known for a long time, or know of."
Trump on North Korea: "There's been a lot of news on that today. Hopefully it's positive. Hopefully it will lead to a positive result."
Trump: "The United States is grateful to Sweden for advocating for Americans detained in North Korea."
At the White House. Donald Trump: "Sweden is one of our oldest and closest partners." Our countries signed a treaty in 1783, "a long time ago".
RT @MichelleObama: Parker, I'm so glad I had the chance to meet you today (and for the dance party)!  Keep on dreaming big for yourself...a…
Sanders on claims of low morale at the White House: "I definitely would not agree. We're in a great place. We have a great story to tell... We're excited about what we've done and where we're going."
Sanders on trade tariffs: We're looking at every facet of this. "It's been a very long and thoughtful process."
Sanders on Sam Nunberg comments: "I definitely think he doesn't know for sure because he's incorrect. As we've said before, there was definitely no collusion with the Trump campaign."
Sanders on Middle East: "We're as committed today as we've ever been to the peace process."
Sanders: "I'm not going to go any further than the comments he's already made."
Sanders: A trade war is not the goal. "The goal is to get free, fair and reciprocal trade and hope other countries will join."
Sanders: The president will meet leaders of the video game industry on Thursday.
Sanders: "If they were caught off guard they just haven't been listening to what the president's been saying."
Sanders on trade tariffs: "We're still finalising what the final deal will look like and I'm not going to get ahead of the president's announcement."
Sanders on Daca: It is absolutely terrible that Congress has failed to act. The president gave Congress a plan with principles that the majority of Congress has supported in the past. "It's Congress's job to pass laws and the president has laid out what he wants to see."
Sanders on trade tariffs: We have a great relationship with Speaker Ryan but that doesn't mean we agree on everything. We want to do everything we can to protect American workers. We have to protect some of the industries that are "the backbone of this country".
Sanders on IG report on David Shulkin: "Secretary Shulkin has, I know, repaid several thousand dollars of the travel cost of the trip in question... As that continues to be under review, I can't go any further than I have already."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "Transforming the Department of Veterans Affairs has been one of the president's top priorities."
RT @LastWeekTonight: Here’s our piece from last night on NRA TV, which is a real thing that exists. https://t.co/DGnZjb1bKz
Went to first night of Hold These Truths at Arena Stage. Potent true story about the internment of Japanese Americans during the second world war which at times sings and at others feels like work. Superb solo performance by Ryun Yu but the lead character is America itself.
RT @yashar: These pictures are so moving https://t.co/AGBniGNQ1K
At White House Historical Association. Harry Truman’s grandson Clifton Daniel: “My grandfather viewed the presidency as a set of tools to do the best he could with... The presidency didn’t change him.” https://t.co/UMlOWcSHau
@AmbAndrewYoung   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Mangcu: “I don’t understand why the ANC don’t see black intellectual empowerment. They talk about black economic empowerment and making more money... It remains the biggest challenge, I think, in South Africa. If you’re not investing in ideas, you’re not going to get anywhere.”
Mangcu: I became Mbeki’s biggest critic. Look where Zuma got us. “Cyril has an opportunity but it’s only an opportunity. He could turn out to be just as bad.” But civil society is vibrant. There is fluidity and we’re not easily bullied.
Mangcu: Racial reconciliation was “the right thing to do. Could he have gone further? I think he could have gone further.” South Africa today is not the South Africa I grew up in. It’s a wholly different country. “I give him an A-.”
Mangcu: “I now understand why Mandela had to do what he did, in a way I didn’t 15 or 20 years ago when I was a hot-blooded radical.”
Mangcu: “Our history, the history of the black struggle, was not as revolutionary as it was made out to be.”
Mangcu on whether CIA tipped off apartheid government: “The truth is I don’t know.” In the period, Mandela spoke about how appreciative he was of the position the US was taking. “The US position was far more progressive than, say, the British position.”
Mangcu: “I’ve shifted because what biography does is give you that empathy on a deeper level.”
Mangcu on Mandela: “He kicked the can down the road on race. His failure to talk about race was irresponsible.” He was not wrong on the economy or the compromise but race has come back in South Africa “in a vicious way”.
Mangcu: For Mandela there was always a tension between his aristocratic conservative instincts and this revolutionary milieu. “He was always walking that tightrope.” He denied ever joining the communist party.
Mangcu: “The only thing people say about Mandela and religion is that he was an atheist or agnostic and did not talk much about it.” But he was a member of the Christian Association at Fort Hare.
Mangcu: In Long Walk to Freedom, Mandela writes that he admires British democracy and manners. “Mandela did not grow up as a rural boy.” He spent his young life at British boarding schools. That was much more impactful than being a rural boy.
Mangcu: From the outside, there’s a tendency to make Mandela synonymous with South African political thought. “Nothing could be further from the truth.” He is idolised by the white community but contested within the black community.
At the Wilson Center. Xolela Mangcu: When people ask me “what’s new?” about my Nelson Mandela book, I say: “It’s the first biography of Mandela by an African.”
RT @SteveSchmidtSES: Watching LaPierre at CPAC today was disturbing and frightening. It reminded me of the quote often misattributed to Sin…
Farage: We changed history. "We've got to keep fighting and keep working to make sure our victory is permanent." It's what the people of the western world want.
Farage: If they make us vote again, "I will be straight there, back in the front line of that campaign... If they want that battle refought, I'll be there and next time, from me, it'll be no more Mr Nice Guy."
Farage: "There is an attempt by that unholy trinity of big banks, big business and big politics to stop Brexit from happening." (Audience boos.) "They are doing all they can to frustrate the will of 17 million people... My gut feeling now is we will just about get there."
Farage: "This president has made America optimistic once again, and that's a good thing... Under eight years of Obama, people thought much less of America."
Farage: "People like Soros don't believe in the existence of the nation state... They don't believe in national identity. They want us to live in a world with open borders."
Farage: "We must not underestimate how powerful our enemies are. Just think of George Soros. He gets a bigger boo in England than that."
Farage on Democrats: "They haven't quite got their act together, have they? In fact I'm hearing stories that they might nominate Hillary next time round." Don't boo. Trump would beat her much more easily than last time.
Nigel Farage: I was proud to support Donald Trump. "It was the best decision I've ever made in my life. I thought he'd be good but I've got to tell you, he's exceeded all expectations. He's on the way to being a truly great president of this country."
CPAC audience boos mention of London mayor Sadiq Khan and cheers video replay of Brexit vote result.
RNC chairwoman Ronna McDaniel: "How much did you love the president today? Wasn't he amazing? There's no better messenger for our party."
Ajit Pai, chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, receives the 'Charlton Heston Courage Under Fire Award' at CPAC.
Trump: "We're going to make America great again and I will never ever, ever, ever let you down." (Sounds of Rolling Stones' 'You Can't Always Get What You Want'.)
Trump on North Korea: "We imposed today the heaviest sanctions ever imposed... I just wanted to let you know."
Trump on critics: "We're even doing the right thing. They just don't know it yet." Even the media will support me before the election, "those horrible people", because if someone else won they'd all go out of business.
Trump: "We can't have other nations continuously taking advantage of us." If we can't make a fair deal for the United States, we will terminate the deal.
Trump: Last year we had almost a $500 billion trade deficit with China. "We can't have that." We have $100 billion trade deficit with Mexico. "What does that tell you? It tells you Nafta is no good."
Trump: "Under my administration, the era of economic surrender is over. We're renegotiating trade deals that are so bad."
Trump: "We have to fight Nancy Pelosi. They want to give your money away, they want to end your tax cuts, they want to do things you wouldn't believe include taking the second amendment away."
Trump: "Women unemployment has reached the lowest level in 18 years... Small business confidence has reached an all time record high."
Trump: "Our economy is blazing. Jobs are at a record level... 2.7 million jobs created since the election... African American unemployment has reached the lowest level in our history. Hispanic unemployment has reached the lowest level in our history."
Trump: "We love our country and we're going to take care of our country."
Trump: I don't want people to come to our country and accept all the gifts for the next 50 years and contribute nothing. "I want people who are going to come in and work hard... I want great people coming into this country. I don't want people coming in the way they do now."
Trump: All these companies are coming to our country. We need workers now. "Who hasn't heard The Snake?" Let's do it anyway.
Trump: "They're not giving us their best people, folks... I don't want people coming into this country on a lottery. I want people coming into this country based on merit."
Trump: "The Democrats are being totally unresponsive. They don't want to do anything about DACA... Now they're willing to give us the wall but they won't give us any of the laws to keep these people out."
Trump: "You meet Democrats and they're always fighting for the criminal, not the law abiding citizen... We're cracking down on sanctuary cities because we want our cities to be sanctuaries for law abiding citizens."
Trump: MS-13 are animals. They cut people up in little pieces and want them to suffer. We let them into our country. When we catch them, we have to release them. We should lock them up and throw away the keys. "The laws are just against us, they're against safety."
Trump: "When you deal with MS-13, the only thing they understand is toughness."
Trump: "Reducing violent crime in America is a top priority for my administration and we will do what it takes to get it done. No talk; we will get it done."
Trump: I've been seeing this for 20 years. The president gets up and everyone is enthusiastic for a couple of days, then it "fades, fades, fades". Nothing gets done. We want to get it done. It's not about pro guns or anti guns; it's common sense.
Trump: "We're going to look at that whole military base gun free zone." If we can't have our military holding guns, it's pretty bad.
Trump: I know it's "a little controversial" but since I started two days ago a lot of people who were opposed are now agreeing. No one supports the second amendment or NRA more than me but "we do have to strengthen up background checks".
Trump: This crazy guy wouldn't have known which teacher was armed and that's good. "A teacher would have shot the hell out of him." We need offensive capability.
Trump: "Something I thought of this morning... These teachers love their students and the students love their teachers, and these teachers are talented with weaponry and guns." I'd rather have that than someone who doesn't know the students.
Trump: CNN said Trump wants all teachers to have guns. "Fake news, folks, fake news."
Trump: The school had one guard. "He turned out to be not good. He was not a credit to law enforcement, that I can tell you."
Trump: If this guy had thought others would be firing bullets back at him, he wouldn't have gone there.
Trump: People that are adept with weaponry with guns. I don't want to have a hundred guards with rifles all over the school. You do a concealed carry permit. "This would be a major deterrent because these people are inherently cowards."
Trump: "Why do we protect our airports, our banks, but not our schools? It's time to make our schools a much harder target... When we declare our schools to be gun free zones, it just puts our students in far more danger."
Trump: "We want to hear ideas from Americans of all backgrounds and beliefs." This was a sick person, "very sick, and we had a lot of warning about him being sick". What are we doing? We want to make sure when there are warning signs, we can act very quickly.
Trump: Meadow Pollack "had a beautiful smile and a beautiful life". There are not enough tears in the world to express our anguish for her and her family. These families "have suffered beyond anything I've ever witnessed".
Trump: "Our whole nation was moved by their strength and by their courage." We listened to their ideas and pledged: "We will act. We will do something."
Trump: "Evil massacre in a great community: Parkland, Florida. This senseless act of mass murder has shocked our nation and broken our hearts."
Trump: "I bet those lines are going to be long and beautiful. He deserves it."
Trump: Billy Graham's simple but powerful message was, "God loves you." On Wednesday he will lie in the rotunda of our Capitol.
Trump on Billy Graham's family: "Right from the beginning, they were for us."
Trump: We don't worship government. We worship God. "Our nation's motto is: in God we trust."
Trump: "We all proudly stand for the national anthem." (Audience cheers and chants: "USA! USA!")
Trump: We need more Republicans. We have a group of people that vote against us in a bloc. Resistance, obstruction. In the election we're going to be fighting against people who voted against the tax cuts.
Trump: "We know what a strong nation must have strong borders. We celebrate our history and our heroes... Don't worry, you're getting the wall, OK?" (Crowd cheers and chants: "Build the wall! Build the wall!")
Trump: "We support the incredible men and women of law enforcement."
Trump: "We rebuild other nations that have a lot of money... we're finally rebuilding our nation."
Trump: "If we don't have a strong military, you might not be allowed into this room some day. You might not have your beautiful houses, your communities."
Trump on Jerusalem: I was hit by more countries begging: "Don't do it! Don't do it!" I said: "We have to do it. It's the right thing to do."
Trump: "We have officially recognised Jerusalem as the capital of Israel." (Big cheer from audience.)
Trump on Iran nuclear deal: You give $150 billion to a nation that has no respect for you whatsoever. They're chanting "Death to America!" as they sign it. Kerry is the worst negotiator I've ever seen.
Trump on Clinton campaign: Next time they'll remember Iowa. They'll remember Ohio. They spent a lot of time in Pennsylvania to no avail. They spent a lot of money in North Carolina.
Trump: They used to give an award for the best speech at CPAC. "Do they do that still, Matt? You'd better pick me or I'm not coming back."
Trump: "We've got seven years to go, folks." (Audience applauds with enthusiasm.)
Trump on media: I used to get great publicity until I ran for office.
Trump: "By the way, you don't mind if I go off script a little bit?" I have this speech but it's "a little boring".
Trump: Some of the environmental regulations I cut have such beautiful titles. Sometimes I close my eyes as I sign them. "I'm going to get killed on this one."
Trump: We have massive energy reserves. They said we can't use it. It makes us uncompetitive with other countries. I said it's not going to happen. "Are we allowed to grow too?"
Trump: "We announced our withdrawal from the totally disastrous, job killing, wealth knocking out... Paris climate accord." (Audience stands and applauds.)
Trump: "Our miners were being mistreated and they're not being mistreated any more."
Trump: "No other president has ever cut so many regulations in their entire term... It's my opinion the regulations had as much impact as these tax cuts... We've ended the war on beautiful clean coal."
Trump: The fake news media, if I say something a little off, that's the headline. "I have to be careful."
Trump: But for one senator who came into a room at three o'clock in the morning (motions thumbs down) we would have had healthcare too. Crowd boos. Trump: "Who was that, who was that? I don't want to be controversial so I won't use his name."
Trump refers to "crooked candidate" Hillary Clinton. Crowd chants: "Lock her up! Lock her up!" Trump: "Boy, have they committed a lot of atrocities."
Trump on Democrats: "If they get in they will repeal your tax cuts, they will put judges in you wouldn't believe, they will repeal your second amendment, which we will never allow."
Trump: "We probably have some Democrats who want to come over."
Trump: "My administration, I think, has had the most successful first year in the history of the presidency. I mean judges, regulations, everything. The beautiful thing about the tax cuts is nobody thought we could do it."
Trump: Historically, when you win the presidency, you do badly in the midterms. "You know what, we can't let that happen." The other side is crazed. "By the way, they're crazed anyway, these people."
Protester is escorted out by security. Crowd chants: "USA! USA!" Trump: "How did he get here, in Matt? For the fake news media back there, they took very good care of him. They were very gentle. He was very obnoxious."
Trump: "We've passed massive – biggest in history – tax cuts and reforms."
Trump looks up at big screen and plays with the back of his hair. "I love to watch that guy speak. I try like hell to hide that bald spot."
Trump: "We've come a long way together. I'm thrilled to be back at CPAC with so many of my wonderful friends... I think now we've proved that I'm a conservative."
Donald Trump enters to cheers, applause and chants of "USA! USA!" He says: "Wow!"
Schlapp: "Mr President, they are attacking you because you are making us great again."
Schlapp: "And by the way, it's not fake news that the president is back at CPAC." For the first time in our long history, 50 years, the president and vice-president have come back for successive years.
At CPAC at National Harbor. Matt Schlapp: "This is the largest crowd we've ever had at CPAC."
RT @patrickgaspard: My take in @washingtonpost on what lessons the US resistance movement might take from South Africa’s removal of a Presi…
'President Trump is either totally compromised by the Russians or is a towering fool, or both, but either way he has shown himself unwilling or unable to defend America against a Russian campaign to divide and undermine our democracy.' Thomas Friedman: https://t.co/upggiumI1E
Hannity: "My pledge, my solemn vow: we will always be fair and balanced. We are not the destroy Trump media."
Schlapp: "People on this NeverTrump mantra are intellectually dishonest because they told us he wouldn't govern as a conservative."
Hannity: "Never in the history of CPAC has a president come two years in a row." Matt Schlapp: "Reagan did a long time ago."
Conway: "This president's pretty adept at pointing out hypocrisy."
Conway on Trump's listening session yesterday: "He didn't make it about himself, as politicians often do... He spoke very little, very sparingly."
Conway: We should all be grateful Donald J Trump is the president.
Kellyanne Conway comes on stage. Crowd chants: "Kellyanne! Kellyanne!" Hannity tells her: "You work a lot of hours."
Hannity: "This was a real debate. Let's give it up to everybody here."
Geraldo Rivera suggests raising the age limit for buying assault weapons. Crowd boos loudly. Rivera shouts at them angrily: "You want to do nothing? You want to just do nothing?"
Loesch to audience: "You guys have really uplifted my heart."
Loesch: "I was called a See You Next Tuesday. They said 'burn her', 'murderer'. They chanted 'shame' as I walked out... Jake Tapper said: 'Do you have an escort? You need to get out of here right now.'" If I didn't have three security guards, I wouldn't have got out of there.
Loesch: There were more than 7,000 people in that arena, Sean. "It was like Floyd Mayweather going into the ring."
Twenty-four hours after CNN town hall, NRA spokeswoman Dana Loesch is greeted with standing ovation and chants of "USA! USA!" Hannity: "Number one, let me say you did a phenomenal job in the most difficult of circumstances."
Hannity: The corrupt media and Democrats in Washington are determined to demonise the NRA and supporters of the second amendment. "It is all predictable and it is all pathetic." CNN's town hall was "all about creating political theatre".
Hannity: "Predictably, the left and the liberal media are talking about getting rid of the second amendment... confiscating guns... You can never stop the evil that exists in some people's hearts."
Hannity references "fake news" CNN and crowd boos.
Sean Hannity enters ballroom, throws three American footballs to audience and shouts: "Hello, CPAC!... Together we're all going to save America. Are you happy with the last year?" Crowd: "Yeah!"
Ben Shapiro posing for photos with CPAC attendees. https://t.co/x2LiJCG3mc
America Rising PAC. https://t.co/woNfIdybsX
Giant Trump tweets at Judicial Watch stand. https://t.co/j8fkRNJDAe
At a stall called: ‘Inconvenient facts. The science that Al Gore doesn’t want you to know.’ https://t.co/eEzt14Ge4q
T-shirts on sale from the Heartland Institute. https://t.co/jR5DQ2P7Wf
US Senate candidate Dr Shiva Ayyadurai, self-proclaimed ‘inventor of email’, running against Elizabeth Warren in Massachusetts with slogan: ‘Only a real Indian can defeat the fake Indian.’ https://t.co/AxQ0rna8Wc
Eric Trump on his father’s rallies: It’s not easy to get on stage and “rant and rave” for an hour. Your heart has to be in it.
Eric Trump: “Freedom of speech is our number one principle as a party, as a country.”
Eric Trump: "Every person should celebrate unemployment, African American unemployment, the economy." Kirk: "Isis being obliterated."
Kirk: "God forbid, if the Democrats get the House, they're going to try and impeach the president."
Eric Trump: "It's very, very hard to run against a person who has lifted the market the way he has... He's kept his promises. He's surpassed every expectation."
Kirk: "We cannot lose the House. We cannot lose the Senate." Eric Trump: "We'll be out there fighting... If I was a Democrat right now, I'd be very worried. At the end of the day, people have a lot more money in their pocket than they'd ever imagine."
Kirk: "The great irony is it took a billionaire from New York to communicate to the centre of the country."
Eric Trump: We're losing family values, we're losing manners. Social media is probably part of that. I posted a picture of my five-month-old. He's got my hair. "He's definitely mine."
Kirk: It's very difficult to be a conservative in America today. To be a conservative Trump supporter on a college campus is "borderline dangerous".
Eric Trump: I'm not the candidate. I don't want anything to do with politics. I build hotels for a living.
Eric Trump: "The media of this country does not understand the tone of this country." During the election campaign in some places I saw more "Hillary for prison" signs than Hillary signs. I went back to New York and on TV "it wasn't even the same message... a different planet".
Eric Trump: "It's time for us as a country to stop apologising." Kirk: "Make no mistake, America is the greatest country in the history of the world and the president is a patriot."
Eric Trump: My father goes out with a hat that says "USA". Kirk: "Do you think Obama would go out with a hat like that? I don't think so."
Kirk: "If a Democrat president had achieved 1% of what President Trump has done over the past year, they would be naming him one of the greatest American presidents."
Eric Trump: "Religion won this for us... 'We're praying for you and your family... This country is in desperate need of someone to fight for us.'"
Eric Trump: "The other thing about my father, this country has been in such dire need of having a fighter. We haven't had a fighter for a long time." When people say does he really have go to there, yes, that's who he is. When someone punches him, he punches back harder.
Kirk: "I believe that it's a gift from God he won the election, I really do."
Most seats empty for Eric Trump event at CPAC. https://t.co/7vR0D5irKo
Eric Trump: My father made a huge sacrifice to run for president.
Kirk: Donald Trump will go down as "one of the historic and most successful presidents of my life... I never thought we'd see an American president be attacked for doing exactly what he's promised to do."
Eric Trump: My wife did an amazing job, Ivanka did an amazing job, Jared did an amazing job.
Eric Trump: "Family values and love for all things America is something we try to show."
As Elton John's Rocket Man plays over loudspeakers, Eric Trump enters and says: "Are we playing Rocket Man right now? I think we're playing Rocket Man."
Charlie Kirk: "One of the great things about living in America today is Hillary Clinton is not president of the United States... We are honoured to be joined one of the greatest Americans... Eric Trump."
Shapiro: When President Trump says he had the biggest inauguration crowd or there were good people on both sides in Charlottesville, that does not work. "It is nonsense, it is immoral and it actually helps those who push PC... When our own side fails, we have to call it out."
Shapiro: We told the left you do not get to slander police departments as racist. "You do not get to claim, against all available evidence, that women get paid less for the same work."
Shapiro: Hollywood, where women are molested almost every day by powerful men, but where they lecture us about our lack of moral decency.
Shapiro: People think we only cheer Trump's attacks on the media because we follow Trump. "No, we didn't like you guys before."
Shapiro on school shooting: "It is is vile and disgusting to suggest that we don't care about fellow Americans who died at the hands of a maniac."
Shapiro: "You want to know who the bigots are in America? It's these folks in the mainstream media claiming objectivity while they push their agenda... They are intentionally dividing the country in order to promulgate a gun control agenda."
Shapiro: "If you are white and male and straight, you are the beneficiary of privilege so you are barred from commenting on anything." If you say something that might cause offence, that is a microaggression. "Universities drank the Kool-Aid of PC and they've been dying of it."
Shapiro: "Social justice means not justice. Politically correct means not correct."
Shapiro: "The era of political correctness is over." It is dying a slow, agonising, bloody, painful death and I say: "Hell yeah."
Ben Shapiro: "I didn't think President Trump would give us some of the most conservative governance of my lifetime and he actually has over the last few months." Most of all, Hillary Clinton is not and will never be president of the US. (Some attendees chant: "Lock her up!")
Betsy DeVos and audience observe moment of silence as photos of Florida school shooting are displayed on big screens.
Cruz: Who wants to go to a college run by "Sixties hippies who are imposing some draconian speech code? Can I just say to young people: speak the truth, spread the fire of liberty... Freedom works."
Cruz on his rule of thumb with Capitol Hill reporters: "I won't comment on tweets and I have nothing to say on the controversy of the day or the scandal du jour... I'm not going to worry about the political circus of Washington."
Cruz: "Neil Gorsuch is a home run."
Cruz on Bill Clinton's criticism of Obamacare: "One of the few times I agreed with Bill Clinton. Well, other than about Hillary."
Cruz: "Few things have been more maddening and frustrating in the last year than seeing Republicans come short on Obamacare... Regulatory reform has been one of the greatest successes of the Trump administration."
Cruz: "I think it makes perfect sense that if teachers want to exercise their right to keep and bear arms, it will only make schools safer."
At CPAC at National Harbor. Senator Ted Cruz on gun rights: "I think the Democrats are the party of Lisa Simpson and the Republicans are the party of Homer and Bart and Maggie and Marge."
Sanders on the west wing: "No phones, no refrigerators, no fun."
McCurry: "Sarah is at least showing she's trying to work it through and it's a tough thing to do.. You're doing what you need to try and do."
Sanders: As a businessman, the way you can execute and implement decisions quickly is very different from the way you do it in government.
McCurry: "I got in trouble for saying, 'Sometimes you have to tell the truth slowly because you can't say everything you know'."
McCurry: "It was the last century and we had so fewer challenges in how to communicate."
Sanders: The chief of staff has been "incredibly good" about bringing me into meetings. "Access is incredibly important and so far I haven't had any moments when it's been a point of contention."
McCurry: "The fatal thing for a press secretary" is when you inadvertently say something that ends up not being true. Bill Clinton wanted me know the contours of a debate.
Asked if Trump watches the press briefings, Sanders replies: "Sometimes. Not always."
Sanders: "No two days are really alike... Typically every day that there's an on camera briefing I talk to the president before I go out." Sometimes I have a feel for which questions will be asked but it's hard to read their minds and know all the questions that will be asked.
Sanders: I may be the worst offender at not responding to emails. There may be 200 or 300 emails I've received over the course of a couple of hours. "We try and use every tool available."
Sanders: Last week, when the president made a statement about the Florida school shooting, I put it out via Twitter because I knew "it was the fastest way".
Sanders: "I'd love to say that one of the first things that wakes me up at 5am is Twitter or one of my kids but it's usually one of the morning shows."
Sanders: "The briefing is probably one of the smaller ways that we get information out."
McCurry: "This guy is giving you raw material that is unprecedented in the history of how you cover the White House if you're a White House reporter... You cannot claim it's not giving you more transparency."
McCurry: "Of course, I also didn't have a president who tweeted at seven o'clock in the morning." Sanders: "I can only imagine what a Clinton administration Twitter would look like."
Sanders: "Because there's such a race to be first, inaccuracies are going to be more often."
McCurry: The business model is about who can get it fastest. "I wish that we would slow it down and de-accelerate and say who can get it right, who can get it most substantively."
Sanders: Comments on Facebook and Twitter make it very difficult to compare the two administrations.
Sanders: It's regularly left out of conversations "how accessible this president is".
McCurry: "The difference is we still understood and respected they are the fourth estate... We did not declare war on them." Sanders: "We did not declare war on them." McCurry: "Yes, you did."
Sanders: "This country is doing really well. There are a lot of success stories out of the first year of this administration." But 90% of the stories were negative.
Sanders: The idea that the blame lies with the president I find to be "far fetched". The press would rather talk about "palace intrigue stories".
McCurry to Sanders: "Your president has got to change the way he talks about the media. He has to." His comments suggest he doesn't respect what that "critical relationship" is about.
Sanders: We couldn't be bigger supporters of the first amendment but "I do think there's a level of responsibility that comes with being a journalist".
Sanders: Sometimes an official talks policy substance at the start and rarely do all the cable networks cover that part of the briefing. They cut away and come back for the fun part. "We have lost the purpose of what the briefing was meant to be."
McCurry: "You have got to have a president who respects a free press. You cannot have a president who declares them the enemy."
Sanders: When the cameras were off, the substance was much higher and the questions were very different. I'm not advocating that we turn them off because there is "something nice" for the American public to see that interaction.
Sarah Sanders: The briefing was originally intended to inform the public and press. It's still a very useful tool. I do agree that a lot of the time the theatrics take away from the news component. We have a lot of topics made for better TV than informing policy and substance.
McCurry to Sarah Sanders: "Now it's theatre and you have to perform every day... I like your pearls... It's theatre and it's not a briefing and that concerns me a lot." What we need is more transparency.
At White House Transition Project event. Mike McCurry on press briefings: "It's treated now as an entertainment product on network television and that's not what the briefing is meant to be... I very much regret that I did not put some restrictions on how that briefing is run."
Sanders on David Shulkin: There's a 97-page inspector's report. Until a secondary review takes place, I can't comment.
Sanders: "The president is very focused on mental illness." Working with the Department of Health and Human Services to "determine the best path forward on that". We are a law and order country.
Sanders: "The president supports not having the use of bump stocks and we expect further action on that in the coming days." My understanding is a review has been completed. "I can tell you the president doesn't support the use of those accessories."
Sanders on Kushner's security clearance: "Nothing that has taken place will affect the valuable work that Jared is doing."
Sanders: He's angry anyone would meddle in our elections. "We are looking forward, too, to look at ways of making sure it doesn't happen again."
Sanders: "He actually called out Russia by name in his official statement... He called them 'bad actors'."
Sanders: We're going to look at ways to make background checks more efficient and improve that process.
Sanders on tomorrow's listening session: "We'll have a number of teachers and students in the local area as well... There's not a quick and there's not a simple answer."
Asked if Trump has confidence in the FBI director, Sanders replies: "No changes in that. We've answered that question a number of times."
Sanders: "He has been tougher on Russia in the first year than Obama was in eight years combined."
Sanders: Everyone wants to make this about the Trump administration. Let's remember this happened under the Obama administration. "We're not the only targets of foreign interference."
Sanders on Trump tweet about FBI: That wasn't necessarily the cause. It was the responsibility of an individual who decided to take lives. The president was making the point he'd like the FBI not to be focused on something that's a hoax.
Sanders: Trump is tougher on Russia than past administrations. "He's closed three diplomatic properties that were Russia's here in the United States." There are a number of areas where Obama was too weak.
Asked if Trump now acknowledges that Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election, Sanders replies: "Absolutely, and the president has acknowledged that multiple times before." He's saying it didn't have an impact "and it certainly wasn't with help from the Trump campaign".
Sanders: "The president has expressed his support for efforts to improve the federal background checks system."
Sanders: Members of the Parkland community will be attending tomorrow's White House listening session, as will people affected by the Columbine and Sandy Hook shootings.
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders on Florida school shooting: "Here at the White House the victims and families have constantly been in our thoughts and prayers." There have been stories of heroism.
'Florida shooting survivors are fighting back. Here's what they need to know about gun control.' From The Guardian: https://t.co/RM3Svjit8U
'How does Trump stack up against the best — and worst — presidents?' From The New York Times: https://t.co/H04hlHNfgt
RT @TheDailyShow: On this #PresidentsDay2018, honor America’s 45th president by taking a virtual tour through The Daily Show Presents: The…
Pence: "I will say that for Father's Day I asked for a motorcycle and I got a puppy."
Pence: "We're going to make sure America leads in space once again."
Pence: We hope to have more private sector investment and allow Nasa to focus on human space exploration. The truth is the space programme inspired my youth. "We all know we lost our momentum and President Trump wants to get that back."
Pence: "The president signed an executive order to say we're going back to the moon and we're going back there soon."
Pence: It's wrong for ABC to have a programme that expresses that kind of "religious intolerance". I can't be silent.
Pence: "My Christianity is the most important thing to me in my life." I try to start every day by opening the good book. My wife and I pray every day before I go to work. "It demonstrates how out of touch some of the mainstream media are."
Pence: "I heard that ABC has a programme that compared my Christianity to mental illness. I'd like to laugh about it but I really can't... An overwhelming majority of Americans cherish their faith."
Pence: The stock market was at 18,000 on election day and it took off "like a jack rabbit". As we sit here on the 200th anniversary of Frederick Douglass's birth, African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded.
Pence: "We will fully cooperate with the special counsel... but it's not something I spend a lot of time thinking about." We're focused on the agenda.
Pence: A farmer told me: "You can't fake good kids." That's one thing people in the media don't get as much as they should. "This is a president with broad shoulders but he's got a big heart."
Pence: I didn't know him very well before he called and asked me to consider this job. "President Donald Trump's a man with a very big heart. He loves his family." People across this country "get it" but a lot of the media don't.
Pence on "my friend" Trump: "He says what he means and he means what he says. It's one of the reasons the world has seen a restoration of American credibility." He drew a red line in Syria.
Pence: "The level of obstruction has been unprecedented by this Democratic minority in the Senate." Hopefully we'll see more progress on Daca.
Asked about the administration's biggest mistake so far, Pence replies: "I think maybe, if you could say a mistake, it was expecting a bit more cooperation from the Democratic minority in the Senate... The level of obstruction to just routine appointments is astonishing."
Pence: "I couldn't be more proud of all those accomplishments. We're really putting America first."
Pence: Midterm elections for the party in power are "historically challenging but I like our chances this year". It's amazing to think how far we've come in the last year.
Pence: The president still has full confidence in "good man" John Kelly. He has done "a remarkable job" as chief of staff "and I look forward to working with him for many, many months to come".
Pence: "This administration has no tolerance for domestic violence. Nor should any American... As the White House has said, I think the White House could have handled this better and I still feel that way. Any counsel I have, I'll share with the president of the United States."
Pence: "Foreign powers around the world are constantly trying to penetrate the information technology infrastructure of America." But it is the universal conclusion of our intelligence communities that there was no impact on the result of the 2016 election.
Pence: Russia did not affect the outcome of the 2016 election. There were efforts by Russia and likely by other countries to influence American elections. This will be rebutted in future.
Pence on whether he considered greeting Kim Jong-un's sister: "I did not. I didn’t avoid her but I did ignore her... This is evil the likes of which we have witnessed rarely in our time around the world." I wanted to send a message by my silence.
Pence: "There is no daylight between the United States of America and South Korea and Japan on our commitment to intensify" our effort.
Pence: "The president's made it clear all options on the table. As we've made clear, the United States has viable military options." But we hope we can achieve "by peaceable means" what the world has agreed.
Pence: "We cannot allow a regime like North Korea to possess nuclear and ballistic missiles that threaten the United States of America... They're willing to use violence and torture against their own people."
Pence: "The president has made it clear he always believes in talking, but talking is not negotiation, talking is understanding one another."
Pence: "We are going to continue, with all options on the table," to bring economic and diplomatic pressure to bear until North Korea abandons its nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles programme.
Pence: "As President Trump has said memorably, North Korea is today nothing short of a prison state."
Pence: "First of all, let's be clear who we're dealing with. North Korea's the most tyrannical and oppressive regime on the planet."
Pence on move from small town radio to vice-president: "It's all very humbling to me."
Mike Pence on skiing: "If I get off the slopes without anything being broken, I think it's a gold medal." (Muted laughter from audience.)
Klobuchar on 2020 election: "We cannot leave the midwest behind at the gas station this time."
Klobuchar on unveiling of portraits: "It was just a genuinely beautiful moment... You didn't think they knew there was going to be a moment of controversy?"
Klobuchar on Barack and Michelle Obama portraits: "First of all, I thought they were pretty cool... The artists were just tremendous... The Obamas, I had that feeling, you don't know what you've got till it's gone."
Klobuchar on immigration: "You can't just let every tweet and every threat and every thing they say make a difference to the work that's going on in the Congress."
Klobuchar: "I do think they get it when they're hauled before Congress and everyone is talking about it... These are some of the most brilliant companies in America."
Klobuchar on internet companies: We're saying "apply the same rules that apply to print, to radio and to TV".
Klobuchar on Trump's indifference: "I can't really explain it" because we need to protect our fundamental voting rights "and that should be an obligation of the president".
At Axios 360 event. Senator Amy Klobuchar on intelligence chiefs' testimony on Capitol Hill: "They were not Obama security officials, they were all Trump officials." They all said Russia is "getting bolder" and they don't have a plan to deal with it.
Sanders: The president wants to get ahead of the deficit. His budget this time reduces it by $3 trillion.
Sanders: "My understanding is the same process was followed for all employees... I can't comment on anyone else's dismissal."
Sanders: "We're simply stating that we're giving you the best information that we're going to have."
Sanders: "I can't speak about whether different staff have interim or permanent security clearances."
Sanders: "The president has confidence in his chief of staff. We're going to continue doing the best we can to help the American people."
Sanders on Porter's ex-wife: "I would never presume to understand anything going on with that individual... We've condemned domestic violence in every way possible."
Sanders: Hope Hicks was not involved in many of the discussions. She's communications director and doing a great job in that role.
Sanders: "Every day we can do better than the day before... We're human, making us imperfect people. Every day we can learn from the day before."
Sanders: "We are following a process that has been used by previous administrations and we would rely on the law enforcement and intelligence communities to determine if that process should be changed."
Sanders: "The president takes all of these accusations very seriously. He believes in due process. Above all, he supports the victims of any type of violence."
Sanders: The White House personnel security office had not finished their adjudication and therefore not made a recommendation.
Sanders on FBI timeline on Rob Porter: "We explained the process extensively last week." Office received information last year. They had not made a final recommendation for adjudication to the White House because the process was still ongoing.
Chao: "There'll be a special section for rural America."
Chao: "Private sector pension funds are a tremendous source of capital for public infrastructure." We hope restrictions can be removed. We're not advocating for or endorsing tolls; it is up to the local entity.
Chao: "The president has not declared anything out of bounds so everything is on the table." The gas tax is not ideal: it has a regressive impact.
Chao: I'm a Kentuckian. "We recognise the needs of rural America are special... It will be separate."
Chao: "The president's proposal consisted of principles and we're in consultation, on a bipartisan basis, with the Hill to address infrastructure needs in our country."
Elaine Chao: "Infrastructure is the backbone and it's key to keeping our country competitive. The president's proposal will create new jobs, strengthen our economy and improve quality of life for everyone."
Sanders: Today the president is donating his fourth quarter pay cheque to the Department of Transportation to support their programmes to rebuild or modernise our crumbling infrastructure.
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: We now have over 350 companies that have announced increased wages or other benefits as a direct result of tax reform not one Democrat voted for. "The president is working to build an economy that works for all Democrats."
Kehinde Wiley’s portrait of Barack Obama goes on display to the public at the Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery. https://t.co/8NA6t7wGqQ
Went to first night of Noura at Shakespeare Theatre Company. Haunting story of Iraqi immigrants established in the US but unable to leave Mosul behind. Beautifully written and played by Heather Raffo with nods to A Doll's House.
Mulvaney: "Remember, the bill that passed on Friday did not really spend anything for next year."
Mulvaney: "Is this dead on arrival?... The answer is absolutely not." Message number one to Congress is you don't have to spend all this money but, if you do, this is our preference on how to spend it.
Mick Mulvaney: "I want to explain why we're doing this on the record but off camera. This is going to be really, really boring and really, really hard."
Sanders: "There were some things we could have done better." We're going to look at how we can always do things a little better.
Sanders: "You guys are the ones that publish classified information and put national security at risk... If anyone is publishing or putting out classified information, it's members of the press."
Sanders: "The comments made by members of the White House were based on our personal experience." We can only speak to the experience that we had.
Sanders: "The president, above everything else, supports the victims of any type of domestic violence but the president also supports due process."
Sanders: "He literally dictated that statement to me."
Sanders: "I'm not sure I can be any more clear. The president has espoused his views on this."
Sanders: It's not "tone deaf". He's not taking a side one way or the other here. "Anybody here who was accused of something would want the opportunity to go through due process."
Sanders: "The president and the entire administration take domestic violence very seriously and believe all allegations need to be investigated thoroughly."
Sanders: "I spoke to him and he relayed that directly to me and I relayed it to you... Above all, the president supports the victims of domestic violence and believes everyone should be treated fairly and with due process."
Sanders: "We learned of the extent of the situation involving Rob Porter last Tuesday evening and within 24 hours his resignation had been accepted and announced." The president takes domestic violence seriously and supports victims of domestic violence.
Sanders: "I'd also like to offer congratulations to the US Olympic team, which is off to a great start."
At the White House. Sarah Sanders on infrastructure plan: "New investments will be made in rural America, which has been left behind for too long."
Went to first night of Aubergine at Olney Theatre Center. A slow burner, in English and Korean, with a debt to the Theatre of the Absurd that ultimately becomes a moving meditation on food and death. Rich performances from the cast.
Went to first night of Familiar at Woolly Mammoth. Outstanding play by Danai Gurira about the immigrant experience in the US in general and the Zimbabwean diaspora in particular. A script that scales mountains and dives deep, exquisitely performed with wit and nuggets of Shona.
Went to first night of The Great Society at Arena Stage. Powerful account of the energetic, seemingly indomitable Lyndon Johnson - superbly played by Jack Willis - being worn down by the presidency in general and Vietnam in particular. But the second half rushes through events.
Asked which historical figure he would most like to meet, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar names Imhotep, architect and scientist. First question: “How did you build the step pyramid?”
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: “Black Americans have contributed so much to what makes our nation great and they rarely get the credit.”
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on dream superpower: “I wanted to fly. Get up a little bit higher - a lot higher.”
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on comic books: “I read Batman and Superman and Plasticman, the guy who can reach around... Some of the villains are scientists.”
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: “It doesn’t matter if you’re a successful black athlete or an average black labourer, the cops are going to treat you in the same way.” Athletes have a good platform to raise the issues.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on oppression: “When I realised that I lived in a country that did that, I wanted to do something about it.” Dr King made Americans understand “we don’t want to be treated as special, we want to be treated the same as everyone else”.
At Smithsonian National Museum of American History. Asked why African American scientists and inventors have received little attention, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar replies: “A philosophy that developed in Europe that Africa has nothing to offer the world.”
Washington Monument at sunset. https://t.co/1CbOcG2HYh
Shah on Pence and Kim Jong-un's sister: "There's no meetings planned whatsoever."
Shah: "White House was prepared to defend Rob Porter based on initial allegations and his denial... The communications director did recuse herself from some matters."
Shah on economy: "The fundamentals on the long term are very strong."
Asked if other senior White House staff are working on temporary security clearance, Shah replies: "I can't get into that."
Shah on Trump: "He was surprised. He, like many of us, did not see that in Rob Porter, did not see what these allegations have brought forward." He was saddened, disheartened.
Shah: "I think a lot of us could have done better."
Asked when Trump was aware of the allegations, Shah replies: "On Tuesday night when there was reporting."
Shah: "Understand the background check was not completed. There was no determination made about Rob Porter's security clearance."
Shah: "We are committed to fiscal discipline and the budget next week will show that."
Shah: "Yes. The president has confidence in his chief of staff, counsel and communications director."
Shah: "I think you've got to take allegations seriously. You've got to take denials seriously."
Shah: We support the spending bill. "Economic growth is essential to cutting deficits and restoring fiscal responsibility."
Shah on Trump: "He told me was very saddened by these reports, by the information that he saw, by the images that he saw."
Shah on DACA: "March 5th is the deadline. We fully expect Congress to take action on the president's immigration reform framework."
Shah on Kelly: "I do know he had not seen images prior to the statement on Tuesday night."
Shah: "We do take allegations of misconduct, of domestic violence, other issues like that very seriously."
Shah: "Omarosa was fired three times on The Apprentice and this was the fourth time we let her go."
Shah: The president was not informed of the specifics regarding Rob Porter's security clearance.
Shah: "I think it's fair to say that we all could have done better over the last few hours or the last few days in dealing with this situation... The emerging reports were not reflective of the individual that we have come to know."
Shah on John Kelly: "I think the second statement that he set out reflected his thoughts... I think his first statement reflected the Rob Porter that we have known."
Shah: "He offered his resignation and it was accepted."
Shah: "This is part of an ongoing investigation. We trust the background check process. The chief of staff does not get detailed updates of what might have been alleged."
Shah: "I'm not going to get into the specifics of the investigation itself. I think that's a question for the FBI and others."
Shah: "It was the full nature of the allegation, particularly the images."
Shah on media reports: "The reports had additional allegations. They had more information."
Shah: The chief of staff became fully aware of these allegations yesterday. "They were all part of an ongoing background check investigation."
Shah: Rob Porter was on an interim security clearance. "The allegations against Rob Porter are serious and deeply troubling. He did deny them." He received no waivers and no special treatment.
At White House press briefing. Raj Shah: "The allegations against Rob Porter, as we understand them, involve incidents long before he joined the White House... It's important to remember Rob Porter has repeatedly denied these allegations." They are disturbing and upsetting.
@ccwhip  Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @TheDailyShow: After Trump asks for a military parade, Trevor honors world dictators at The Oppressy Awards. https://t.co/IUICSCGdSz
Sanders on Trump's "treasonous" comment. "He was obviously joking... Things are better today than a year ago. That is something we should be excited about, something we should be celebrating."
"and we're very comfortable with where we are right now. Does the president have second thoughts about taking credit for a booming economy? Absolutely not."
"took office, particularly on the economy. We have historically low unemployment and we actually have increasing wages for American workers. There's nothing that's taken place over the last couple of days in our economy that's fundamentally different than it was two weeks ago..."
Sanders: "Look, the economy is incredibly strong right now. The president's focus right now continues to be on the long term economic fundamentals which, like I just said, are very strong in this country. We're infinitely better off today than we were before the president..."
Sanders: "The position of the White House is we want to fix a problem that was created by the previous administration... What we don't want to do is keep on kicking the can down the road."
Sanders: "We are not advocating for the shutdown. That is the fault of the Democrats not being willing to do their jobs."
Sanders: "The only people that have caused a shutdown are the Democrats who have held the government hostage over their own politics... Our goal is to get a two-year budget deal and also get a deal on immigration."
Sarah Sanders: As you've probably seen this morning, the First Lady announced that the 140th White House Easter egg roll will take place on April 2.
Cronan: To the extent that people are scared to report MS-13, you only have to look at its treatment of snitches, not law enforcement.
Cronan: "It is a brutal gang of savages engaged in indiscriminate violence."
Cronan: "MS-13 is a unique threat. It is violence for the sake of violence. It is indiscriminate killing."
Cronan: Last year the department of justice secured convictions against 1,200 gang members.
Cronan: "I do think we've seen a significant uptick in the violence in the past several years... I think it's a new threat."
Cronan: "The justice department remains committed to enforcing our criminal immigration laws and identifying and targeting MS-13 smuggling networks, and undertaking all lawful measures to end this scourge to our communities."
Cronan: "Our investigations have revealed that when we fail to enforce our immigration and human smuggling laws, transnational criminal organisations like MS-13 can simply replenish its jailed membership by sending more gang members across our borders."
Cronan: "But because MS-13 is based and operates in El Salvador – and because MS-13 largely directs its murderous mission from prisons out there in El Salvador – we must do more than enforce our domestic violent crime laws against gang members in the United States."
Cronan: "The Department of Justice will be surging hundreds of new federal prosecutors to the field to specifically focus on violent crime and immigration."
Cronan: "The Department of Justice, under the leadership of Attorney General Sessions, is devoting resources to accomplishing the President’s directive of reducing violent crime and ensuring that our citizens are no longer held hostage by murderous savages like MS-13 members."
Cronan: "MS-13 is probably the most violent and ruthless gang terrorising our streets today. Their motto is, 'mata, viola, controla,' which means 'kill, rape, control'. It is this motto and indiscriminate violence that MS-13 lives and rules by."
Cronan: "MS-13 – or 'Mara Salvatrucha' – has grown to more than 30,000 members worldwide, 10,000 of whom live right here in the United States, spanning 40 states and the District of Columbia. This violent, murderous gang has infiltrated our country."
Cronan: "I had the opportunity just now to brief President Trump about one of the most significant threats to the public safety of our communities – MS-13 – and I appreciate the opportunity to also speak with you today about those threats."
At White House press briefing. John Cronan of justice department: "I served as an Assistant US Attorney in the Southern District of New York, where I prosecuted violent criminals and national security defendants, including Osama Bin Laden’s son-in-law."
Went to first night of Handbagged at Round House Theatre. Smart and funny take on the Queen's relationship with Margaret Thatcher with resonant lines such as: "The act of resistance is our defining act as human beings". Fleet-footed production shifts from light to dark and back.
@KoriSchake  Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Paul Ryan introduces Trump. Most Democrats rise but some remain defiantly seated.
Trump exchanges words with John Roberts and others.
Donald Trump enters to applause from Republicans. But one Democrat sits reading the Roll Call newspaper. Kirsten Gillibrand studies her phone. Most of the Congressional Black Caucus remains seated. Bernie Sanders stands with hands folded in front of him.
Trump's cabinet members enter, shake hands and take their seats. Rex Tillerson, Steven Mnuchin, Jim Mattis and Ryan Zinke are on the front row.
Melania Trump, wearing a white suit not entirely unlike Hillary Clinton's, enters to applause and smiles.
Members of the Congressional Black Caucus are wearing kente cloths (or kente patterned ties), associated with Ghana, whose president Nana Akufo-Addo criticised Trump over his "shithole" comments.
Enter supreme court justices including John Roberts and Neil Gorsuch.
Senator Tom Cotton is holding court with half a dozen military men.
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner standing on balcony holding hands. Kushner reaches for his phone, apparently checking that it's off.
New senator Doug Jones gets patted on the back by Tim Kaine, then poses for a selfie with fellow Alabamian Terri Sewell.
Senator Bernie Sanders enters the room, smiling and shaking hands. Schumer appears to make a joke about offering him his seat.
Pelosi and Senator Joe Manchin greet each other warmly despite his recent criticism of her rhetoric on immigration.
At state of the union address at US Capitol. Mike Pence, Mitch McConnell, Chuck Schumer and others enter to applause and start shaking various hands.
Spotted at the Phillips Collection art gallery: https://t.co/DW5ghEmKB0
‘Here are prewritten State of the Union analyses for you to tweet and share.’ From The Washington Post:  https://t.co/56zi1stqKu
'The first lady will never be as brilliant at trolling as her husband. He is an idiot-savant who plays in the roiling ocean of Twitter as naturally as a blubbery-necked sea lion... But the Slovenian Sphinx has her moments.' Maureen Dowd, New York Times: https://t.co/W7tQcGALlX
RT @BeschlossDC: Nixon on Watergate in State of the Union, 44 years ago tomorrow night:  "I believe the time has come to bring that investi…
King: Clinton won Maine by three points but Obama won it by 12. Trump has strength there and it hasn't changed. "Maybe the truest thing he said in the campaign was, 'I could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue and it wouldn't affect my poll numbers'."
King: "We want a wall around Maine with Canada because we have these Canadians coming across being nice to us and offering free healthcare and it's got to stop."
Senator Angus King on Trump: "He could be Nixon to China on immigration. He has an opportunity to do something that other presidents have not been able to do."
Brazile: One of the things we're going to be talking about is how many people watch the state of the union. "I'm sure the president's going to tout his numbers."
Brazile: This is a night for the nation to tune in. Give him an opportunity to make his case to the American people. Then we will have our say. Millions waiting him for pivot and are disappointed.
Fleischer: Trump's success is going to be based on him "getting things done, not just disruption". He's got to fulfill that part of the promise.
David Urban: "I think it's going to be a 'shining city on a hill' kind of speech... The president was elected to come to DC to break some china and shake things up... It's tough to be a uniter and disrupter at the same time. It's a fine line to walk."
Fleischer: The people knew what they were getting, warts and all. They hate Washington so much that they wanted a disrupter. There now needs to be less disruption.
Ari Fleischer on state of the union address: "I want to hear normal. I want to hear a president who does what presidents do: unifies us, talks about bigger things that unite the country."
Donna Brazile starts panel discussion by saying: "I hope you know I got the questions in advance." [Audience laughs]
Pelosi's advice to female candidates: "Authenticity is what matters... Share your purpose. Why are you running?... You have to connect. Show them what is in your heart."
Pelosi says impeaching Trump "is not a unifying thing for the country to go down" but, if she was not in her current office, she might have a "different view".
Pelosi on midterms: "I have never seen, in all my years in politics, more enthusiasm at the grassroots level... If it was today, I think overwhelmingly we would win. It's not today."
Pelosi: "The tax bill is really the dark cloud that hangs over the Capitol." It was rushed through. 80% of the benefits go to the top 1%. "Robbing from our children's future and - this is why it keeps me awake- using it as an excuse that we can't pay for the domestic budget."
Pelosi on Mitch McConnell and abortion bill in Senate: "I think he's practising medicine which, as far as I know, he has no credentials for."
Pelosi: "I'm very proud of Adam Schiff. Hasn't he done a beautiful job in his role?"
Pelosi: "It's really a bad deal for state and local government."
Pelosi: The president's proposal puts some of the burden on states and cities.
Pelosi: "The president has talked about infrastructure but it's always, as with immigration, been a moving kind of target." He first suggested $1 trillion but now it's $20 billion a year over 10 years.
Nancy Pelosi on immigration deal: "It seems like the president is right there and then he's not. It's really discouraging."
Conway's advice to women who suffer sexual harassment: Look at those men. "Don't see them as powerful and intimidating. They're weak and pathetic." Don't be afraid to report them.
Conway on midterm elections: "We are well aware of the historic trends. The party in power, particularly White House power, do suffer grievous losses."
Conway on Andrew McCabe's departure: "I've not personally seen the president react one way or the other."
Conway: "The president's base is the entire country because he's president of the United States."
Conway: "He's the president of all Americans including the millions who didn't vote for him."
Conway: "The president will talk about how a sovereign nation must have physical borders."
Conway: "That's the only way to function in this tone as a democracy." We saw that in the government shutdown.
At state of the union preview at The Washington Post. Kellyanne Conway: "The president is working on a bipartisan, forward looking speech that is positive in tone and content."
Sanders: "All of the president's children along with the first lady will be at the state of the union with the exception of Barron. I don't believe he will be attending right now."
April Ryan asks that the state of the union is. Sanders replies: "I think it's incredible and I think you'll hear that in the president's address tomorrow night... There are some great things happening in our country."
Sanders on Trump's state of the union address: "It will obviously be much watch TV."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders on immigration framework: "We look forward to working with Congress to pass legislation that addresses each of these four pillars."
RT @piersmorgan: BREAKING NEWS:	President Trump has declared he is NOT a feminist. 	He tells me: ‘No, I wouldn't say I'm a feminist. I mean…
RT @PaulKagame: Had very good bilateral meeting with @realDonaldTrump! Also agreed to the importance of US - Africa relations/cooperation!
Spoke to Senator Rand Paul, watching Jefferson's Garden at Ford's Theatre. He's about to see Hamilton on Broadway and criticised the cast's challenge to Mike Pence. Paul said Donald Trump's golf handicap is a seven or eight, and not many years ago Trump shot an even par round.
Went to first night of Jefferson's Garden at Ford's Theatre. Play explores the grubby compromises at the birth of America but the dialogue and characterisations fall short of its epic ambitions. Production skims the surface of Thomas Jefferson's contradictions.
Went to first night of Hamlet at Shakespeare Theatre Company. Excellent production in which creeping totalitarianism stiffens the spine of Michael Urie's nervy, sharp-witted, cardigan-wearing prince. Highlights include the gravedigger scene and final duel: both feel fresh.
@RayLaHood   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
'In fact the hell of his election wasn’t that he tricked American voters. It was that they’d fully seen the florid whole of him and supported him nonetheless.' Frank Bruni of The New York Times on Donald Trump: https://t.co/yllV7d5TIJ
'Maybe Jackson could have given him a passing grade without going so far over the deep end. Something like: “Identified the camel picture, and no problems you could lock him up for.”' Gail Collins of The New York Times on Donald Trump's physician: https://t.co/SGn4BJjbQg
Trump: “Thank you to the March for Life. Special, special people and we are with you all the way.”
https://t.co/M3XiU4n15n
Trump: “We are protecting the sanctity of life and the family as the foundation of our society.”
Trump on his first anniversary as president: “I will say our country is doing really well. The economy is perhaps the best it’s ever been.” Unemployment at a 17-year low.
Trump: Roe v Wade has allowed some of the most permissive laws in America. The country is becoming more and more pro-life.
Trump: “Because of you, tens of thousands of Americans have been born and reached their God-given potential.”
Trump: “The March for Life is a movement born out of love... You believe that every life is sacred, that every child is a precious gift from God.”
Donald Trump: “We have tens of thousands of people watching us.” I want to thank Mike Pence and Karen for being “true champions for life”. I’m proud to be the first president to address the March for Life.
Pence: A year ago we inaugurated the most pro-life president in the history of America. “We will restore the sanctity of life to the centre of American law.”
In the White House rose garden. Mike Pence: “Forty-five years ago the Supreme Court of the United States turned its back on the inalienable right to life.” But it was the start of our movement.
Mulvaney: We are not going to "weaponise" this shutdown.
Mulvaney on shutdown: "The military will still go to work. They will not get paid. The border will still be secure. They will not get paid... We're asking the military to work without pay. We're asking firefighters to work without pay... The parks will be open."
Short: "I don't think it's clear what the Democrats want... They think it's better for them politically if there's a shutdown."
Short: "There isn't even a bill from them to vote on."
Mulvaney: "There's no emergency in terms of the timing of Daca. Daca doesn't expire until March 5th."
Mulvaney: "They have nothing in this bill that they do not like. The only reason they are not voting for it is they want other things added to it and they want a shutdown."
Mulvaney: "Daca doesn't expire until March the 5th." This is purely an attempt by the Democrats to get a shutdown - the Schumer shutdown - they think the president will be blamed for.
Mulvaney: I laugh when people say you control the White House, the House and the Senate. "It takes 60 votes in the Senate to pass an appropriation bill."
Mick Mulvaney: "The president is actively working today to prevent a showdown." That is dramatically different from Barack Obama in 2013. I think Obama wanted a showdown. "There is no way you can lay this at the feet of the president of the United States."
Short: "We think it's time to fix the immigration problems in our country and we have put forward a proposal to do exactly like that."
Short: "The president was very active yesterday in bringing the House together... I think he's making continued calls today... He is leading on this issue."
At White House press briefing. Marc Short takes swipes at Senators Schumer and Feinstein: "The reality is this is not about policy; this is about politics." The Democrats seems hellbent on a shutdown.
Wolff: "The thing about talking to Donald Trump is that you never get to say anything to him, but I predict what he will say sooner or later is he is responsible for this book, the success is because of him, and the real writer is him and not Michael Wolff."
Wolff on TV adaptation of book: "If I could, I would say play it totally straight. You don't have to do anything here."
Wolff: I feel sure Bannon "has a plan to get where he wants to be".
Wolff: After the election, I told him he was about to become one of the most famous people in the country. He gave me his first on the record interview.
Wolff on how he met Bannon: In February or March 2016, I was walking through Orlando airport. "I see this guy who clearly seems to recognise me. He drops his bags, he comes over to me, he embraces me I think." A month later I realised it was "the Breitbart guy".
Wolff on Trump's fate: I think the Bannon formula is right: 33.3% chance he will be impeached, 33.3% chance he will resign in the shadow of the 25th amendment, 33.3% he will limp to the end. "But a 0% chance he will have another term or even run again."
Asked how to get Trump out of office, Wolff replies: "Patience. I think he'll get himself out of office." It's a train wreck.
"of this?... I didn't know what to say."
Wolff on Trump and 'pee tape': "He brought it up on his own. I was embarrassed, I didn't want to talk about golden showers, I probably should have, I felt so awkward. He said he was a germophobe and he couldn't believe people were accusing him of this and what did I think..."
Asked if he thinks the 'pee tape' is real, Wolff replies: "My gut is, I don't believe it." (Audience groans)
Wolff: "I have not considered what I would do if my tapes were subpoenaed... If my tapes were ever subpoenaed, I would not release them... As a journalist I cannot think of anything more fundamental about how you protect your work."
Wolff: "If I were Steve now, I would think that is one of my options here. I literally saw Steve Bannon go from the guy who elected Trump to thinking Trump is the idiot of the century... There's a very real possibility that Steve could sink the president."
Wolff on Mueller investigation: "I would anticipate that Steve will tell the truth, but I guess there's the truth and then there's the truth. Does he really go after the president? Does Steve Bannon make the decision to really break Trump?"
Asked to name his favourite press secretary, Wolff replies: "In this White House in this book, I only dealt with Sean. I didn't actually have any dealings with Sarah."
Wolff: You can go to the bathroom. You can wander almost anywhere.
Wolff on being in the west wing: "You're trying not to be noticed because you think somebody is going to throw you out."
Wolff: "I would say I am entirely happy with the book, at this point... At this moment in time I'm feeling good."
Wolff: "The Trump people didn't think they were gonna win and the Clinton people didn't think the Trump people were gonna win."
Wolff: If you read between the lines, it's there. Toward the end of the book. "Just read. If you're patient, it's there. But nobody has yet spotted it."
Wolff on what he left out: "There are several things I thought were shocking. I thought I had nailed it but they were shocking enough that you need a triple, quadruple nailing and I didn't have that."
Wolff: "I do think Steve is smart. Steve is 64 years old and has never worked in politics or government before so in no conventional sense is he qualified for the job. On the other hand, he has read a few books. The bar is very low here."
Wolff: Trump's two main advisers now are Hope Hicks and Stephen Miller. "They don't bring anything to the table. They have no experience, no maturity and no reason under the sun to be doing the jobs we're paying them to do."
Wolff: "My lasting impression is everyone was focused on themselves."
Wolff: "I think the most riveting thing I heard... I heard Tony Blair and Jared Kushner talking about the problems of the Middle East. I heard Jared Kushner say: 'Damn it, we can solve this problem.' [Blair] was acting like a man who was trying to cultivate a new client."
Wolff: "His entire media career, to be somewhat distinguished from his real estate career, was literally: 'I will say anything that gets me ink' - what we used to call ink... The immorality of this is a well ingrained accepted immorality in how you get press for yourself."
Wolff: I interviewed him in June 2016. Hope Hicks said: "You have 45 minutes." Trump said: "You don't give Michael Wolff 45 minutes!"
Wolff: He would call up to complain when he was written about "or, more frequently, when he was not written about".
Wolff: "The world I've lived in and reported on is essentially the media world and Donald Trump is essentially a media figure. He's not a political figure. He comes out of this world... I have known him for more than 20 years."
Wolff on Trump: "There are probably eight people in New York he calls on a steady basis. There may be more... That's his kitchen cabinet of billionaires or a few media people he knows." They call their friends and it all leaks out.
Wolff: "I became a messenger. This is totally high school."
Wolff: The Donald Trump line "began to degrade" and it became very clear they wanted someone else to know that, "while they had to give this line, they didn't believe it. Then it fell apart entirely and they would tell you this is a mess here."
Wolff: "There was a general feeling that you were supposed to talk to me, I think."
Wolff: The president has a press shop of 40 people and "he's conducting his own freelance operation".
Wolff: "I basically didn't ask questions... I don't ask questions. I go in and I sit there and people start to talk."
Wolff: "You would sit there for hours, sometimes for hours and hours, and it was humiliating actually... But then it became this kind of thing, it began to work, people would stop and try to take care of me."
Wolff: "I just wanted someone to talk to me."
Wolff: "I became a familiar presence around the White House and I think also very much a non-threatening presence... I was also careful not to come in as a member of the press. They want something. I didn't want anything."
Wolff on White House staff: "Everyone was under the impression they were supposed to meet with me." I was introduced around by various people: Hope Hicks, Kellyanne Conway, Sean Spicer. "There was no friction."
Wolff: After Steve Bannon accepted invitation, I had to go to my wife and say: "Guess who's coming to dinner." It was off the record, but then Roger Ailes died and I had to decide what does that mean? It was Bannon who said: "You're going to use that, aren't you? That's history."
Wolff: Roger Ailes was "a good friend, a good source, an incredibly funny person to spend time with". You can really get to know how power has worked over a generation. When he was thrown out of Fox, I was one of the few people to keep talking to him.
Wolff: "I made a very precise decision there would be no 'I' in the book. I didn't want this book to be my impressions of Donald Trump." I didn't go into this with assumptions about whether Trump would be a success or failure. "I eliminated myself from the book."
Wolff: "I got Steve Bannon on tape and the Bannon tapes are riveting. He opens his mouth and it's a kind of poetry... You cannot stop listening to it. You think: I hope he keeps going."
Wolff: "I have a lot of people on tape who I have sworn on my life I would not reveal."
Wolff: "Sometimes you have tapes, sometimes you have notes, sometimes you run to the bathroom to scribble what someone has just told you. I've never been asked for tapes in my career before."
Wolff: "It’s all true. It’s literally all true. This book is Donald Trump in full.” We hadn't quite understood this "emotional void" before.
At Politics &amp; Prose event with Michael Wolff at Sixth &amp; I. Jonathan Capehart asks: “How many Democrats are here?” A cheer goes up. “How many Republicans?” A much quieter response. https://t.co/9OZdHOz5Wl
“What we we know about Nixon tells us probably more about the human condition and about human insecurity and human frailty that almost any other figure in history.... He’s a Dickensian character and his fall is something that should appeal to everybody:” https://t.co/wupiOljkDx
Ryan: “If CNN is so fake, why is he watching CNN all the time?... The stakes are so high. Why are they putting this out now when they’re trying to figure out who pays for the government?”
Ryan: “This is just ugly and it goes to the lowest levels of society.”
Politico reporter goes to mic, says CNN has won several ‘fake news awards’ and asks for Acosta’s reaction. Acosta: “I would say, having been called fake news myself, that the president is the king of fake news.”
At The Newseum for ‘Journalism in the Trump Era’ panel discussion. Looking at her phone, April Ryan interrupts Jim Acosta to read Trump’s latest tweets, but finds hyperlink to fake news awards doesn’t work. “Well, who’s fake?” she says.
Sanders on North Korea and Olympics: "We see this as an opportunity for the regime to see the value of ending its international isolation through denuclearisation."
Asked if it's appropriate for Trump to go to Mar-a-Lago in the event of a shutdown, Sanders replies: "We hope Republicans and Democrats will come together and we'll have a budget deal... If that doesn't happen and there's a schedule change, we'll certainly let you guys know."
Sanders: "We're going to be fully cooperative with the special counsel and encourage everyone involved in the process to be fully cooperative." We've had to endure this hoax for a year. We can put up with another month.
Sanders on Russia: "There was absolutely no collusion."
John Gizzi on Pakistan: "You stand by the lies and deceit comment that the president made?" Sanders: "Yes."
Sanders: You need 60 votes. Democrats are going to have decide their priorities: national security or political agendas. "I can't answer that for you."
Sanders: "We do support the short term CR. However, that is not our first choice." We'd like to see a clean two-year deal. "The president certainly doesn't want a shutdown and if it happens you only have one place to look and that's the Democrats", holding our government hostage
Sanders on Bannon and Russia investigation: "This White House is following the same practice that many White Houses before us have going back decades... There is a process... Congress should consult the White House before obtaining confidential material."
Sanders on Senator Jeff Flake: I found it quite interesting that he is coming out to attack this president considering he was defending an oppressive regime. "He went to Cuba a few weeks ago and served as a mouthpiece for the Cuban regime." He has terrible poll numbers.
Asked if the White House stands by medical report, Sanders replies: "Absolutely. Dr Jackson has been a WhIte House physician for the last 12 years, trusted by Presidents Bush, Obama and now Trump." He is the only one who has examined the president.
O'Callaghan: "The administration immigration reforms focus on getting more information." All of that will lead to a safer United States. "I firmly believe that."
O'Callaghan: "Of course, we're trying to prevent terrorist attacks, and so the most successful prosecutions I've ever been involved with are ones where we're able to stop it at a conspiratorial stage."
O'Callaghan: "There are certainly cases that related to conduct committed in the United States."
O'Callaghan: "I'm not aware of any change in the administration's stated use of Guantanamo."
O'Callaghan: "The attorney general is committed to restoring law and order in our immigration system."
O'Callaghan: I know foreign terrorist organisations, transnational criminal organisations and others who want to do harm to the United States undoubtedly try to exploit weaknesses in our immigration system. President Trump's reforms are meant to enhance national security.
O'Callaghan: The report noted there are an estimated 23 to 27 honour killings each year in the United States.
Ed O'Callaghan of justice department: Report found that 73% of people convicted of international terrorism in the US over the past 15 years were born in foreign countries.
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: Tomorrow the president will visit H&amp;K Equipment in Pennsylvania, which is benefiting from tax cuts. On Friday he will become the first president to address the March for Life, live via satellite from the White House.
“Your silence and your amnesia is complicity.” Senator Cory Booker to a member of the Trump administration: https://t.co/B8QHJTPpTQ
Sanders on Haiti or Africa insults: "I've never heard him say like that or similar to that specifically."
Sanders on Trump and profanities: "Has he ever used a word? Probably so, yes."
Sanders: "The bottom line is the president wants to see a deal done."
Sanders: We don't want a government shutdown but we do want a clean two-year budget deal. "Democrats will not hold our government hostage and will not stop our military funding."
Sanders: "No one here is going to pretend the president is always politically correct. He isn't. That's one of the reasons the American people love him, one of the reasons he's sitting in the Oval Office."
Sanders on Steve Bannon: "No one's encouraged him to be anything but transparent... We've been completely cooperative throughout this entire process but we're also going to maintain some of the executive privileges at the White House."
Sanders: One piece of immigration reform isn't going to be enough. It has to be responsible immigration reform.
Sanders: "Like the president said, he wants immigrants to come in from everywhere, but he wants to do that through a merit-based system."
Sanders: Democrats are showing the definition of "what hypocrisy looks like". I don't see what is complicated here. "We all want the same thing." Democrats need to stop playing politics and "come to the table with a real deal".
Sanders: "By definition, a merit-based system is colour blind. It's not based on race, it's not based on religion, it's not based on country of origin."
Sanders: "To be very clear, the president's running the show here at the White House."
Sanders: "The president participated in an event on Friday to honour the life service of Martin Luther King Jr." We'd like to continue to do more over the course of the year.
Jackson: "We did this test specifically because the president added it to his physical exam."
Jackson on cognitive assessment: "I'm totally unaware of this ever being done before." I don't know of any previous US president ever having it before.
Jackson: The president encouraged me to come out and told me to "answer every single question they have".
Jackson: "I'm going to get him to do stuff. We're going to make some progress... Some aerobic exercise... We're going to work on that."
Jackson: "Being on the golf course, there is a certain amount of exercise in that."
Jackson: People shouldn't be making assumptions about his mental health from afar. "That's just tabloid psychiatry."
Jackson on Trump's TV watching: I can't comment. I might comment if it was my five year old. "He can watch as much TV as he wants." I don't know how much he watches.
Jackson: I talk to him about stress. "I've never seen the president stressed out too much... He has a very unique ability to just get up in the morning and reset."
Jackson on stories about Trump's mental health: "That's been the narrative for a while. I think he saw the physical as an opportunity to put some of that to rest."
Jackson: The only reason I did not test his hearing is that we had limited time. It was a low priority.
Jackson: "We're looking at his vascular health overall and it looks very good right... He has no evidence of diabetes at all."
Jackson: "The dose of his cholesterol medicine is very low."
Jackson: "His heart is very healthy."
Jackson: He can still drive without glasses. "His overall health is excellent."
Jackson: "He washes his hands frequently." He shakes so many hands, he'd be a fool not to. "I'd like him to continue to be a bit of a germaphobe and make my job easier along the way."
Jackson: "It was a team effort with a lot of physicians at Walter Reed."
Jackson: "The exam lasted about four-plus hours, about four hours I think. I had a total of I think 12 consultants involved in it."
Jackson: "He doesn't sleep much... I would say he sleeps four to five hours a night. He's probably been that way all his life. It's probably one of the reasons he's been successful."
Jackson: The president eats the same as the rest of us on the plane, which is usually fairly healthy meals.
Jackson: "I'll continue to monitor the president over the next year."
Jackson: "The president's acknowledged that he'd be healthier if he lost a few pounds and that's what we're going to try to do."
Jackson: If he had some type of mental cognitive issue, this test would have picked it up. "He would not have got 30 out of 30 on the test... He is very sharp."
Jackson: "I can promise you there's absolutely nothing that I'm withholding from this."
Jackson: "There's a gym upstairs. We'll get that set up to his specifications."
Jackson: "He probably won't live to be 200. I would say his life expectancy is the same as any other American male right now. It's certainly not less."
Asked how Trump can be so healthy despite diet and lack of exercise, Jackson replies: "It's called genetics. Some people have great genes." I told him if he had exercised over the last decades, he could have lived to 200. "He has incredible genes."
Jackson: On foreign trip we were doing 14 to 16 hour days. "The president had more stamina, more energy than just about anybody there."
Jackson: "Right now, on a day to day basis, he doesn't have a defined, dedicated exercise programme." We can start building on that easily. "He has a lot of energy, a lot of stamina."
Jackson: "He's like every other president I've taken care of. Sometimes I have to get the first lady involved."
Jackson: "He takes care of most of the little stuff himself. He doesn't come to me for band aids et cetera... He's a good patient."
Jackson: "He falls into a category that portends years of event-free living."
Jackson: At this point, "the president is mentally very, very sharp, very intact.. He's fit for duty for the remainder of this term and for another term if elected."
Jackson: If I had concerns about his cognitive ability, then I would bring that up to the proper people in the chain of command, maybe starting with the chief of staff.
Jackson: "I think overall his coronary calcium score is very reassuring."
Jackson: "If we get diet and exercise right, the weigh loss will come... Those things will make him much healthier next year than he is now, although his health is excellent now."
Jackson: The cognitive test is used across the country and at Walter Reed and is "universally respected". The president got 30 out of 30 on that exam. "He's very sharp, he's very articulate when he speaks to me. I've never known him to repeat himself around me."
Jackson: "He had great findings across the board but the one that stands out for me is his cardiac health. His cardiac health is excellent." He has no family history of cardiac problems. He doesn't smoke or have diabetes.
Jackson on the day Trump slurred speech: "I had given the president some medication, specifically some Sudafed." The president has no dentures of any kind.
Jackson: "I'm not going to make any comparisons with presidents over the past 200 years."
Jackson on cognitive assessment: "The president did exceedingly well on it."
Jackson: We included cognitive assessment at the president's request.
Jackson: "Initially I had no intention of including a cognitive assessment in this exam." I've spent almost day in the president's presence. We have conversations about many things. "I've got to know him pretty well and I have absolutely no concerns about his cognitive ability."
Jackson: "I think a reasonable goal over the next year is to lose 10 to 15 pounds." He is more enthusiastic about diet than exercise.
Jackson: "He has no past or present use of alcohol, no past or present use of tobacco... In summary, the president's overall health is excellent... We discussed diet, exercise and weight loss... He has a history of elevated cholesterol." We will increase medication to reduce it.
Jackson: The president's age is 71 years and seven months. Height is 75 inches. Weight is 239 pounds. Resting heart rate of 68. Blood pressure is 122/74. "He has healthy teeth and gums." No abnormal heart sounds were noted. "Above age exercise capacity based on age and sex."
Tubb statement: The president's physician is "the velcro" on his side. "I have every reason to believe that Dr Jackson will well and faithfully discharge the duties of his office."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders reads statement from Dr Richard Tubb, saying he hired and trained Dr Ronny Jackson.
'Donald Trump’s racism: the definitive list.' From The New York Times: https://t.co/fiMvmKUzRp
RT @bonifacemwangi: Africa isn’t a shithole. It’s the most beautiful continent in the world. Beautiful,hardworking people. We have diamonds…
RT @MmusiMaimane: The comments referred to here are abhorrent. He confirms a patronizing view of Africa and promotes a racist agenda. Afric…
Went to first night of The Humans at the Kennedy Center. Timely, tautly written drama about a white middle class in decline that ends with a punch to the gut.
RT @joshtpm: Remarkable worlds from CNN's Jim Acosta. Not surprising. But these are not ways reporters talk on network or cable network TV.…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the bes…
Sanders on immigration: "The president has a meeting here today with members of the House and Senate, both Republicans and Democrats... I think it's Democrats agreeing to the other side of the deal. That's where we are."
Hallie Jackson of MSNBC asks about Trump's contradictory FISA tweets. Sanders replies: "I think the premise of your question is completely ridiculous and shows your lack of knowledge of this process... It wasn't confusing to me; I'm sorry if it was for you."
Sanders on Iran: "The president still strongly believes this is one of the worst deals of all time." The administration is working with Congress and allies to address the flaws.
Sanders on Trump's reaction to Julian Assange and Ecuador: "I haven't spoke to him about that."
Sanders: "We certainly think it's a gross overstep by Senator Feinstein to release that transcript."
Sanders on Trump's libel laws comment: "I think certainly states should take a look at it. The president's frustrated with the misreporting and fake news." He's frustrated about the obsession with the book. "He's simply saying it should be looked into."
Sanders on immigration: "We're OK with getting a deal done as long as it falls within the parameters the president laid out... I'm not going to put a time frame on it but the priority is to get it done."
Sanders: "We fully anticipate moving forward with strong House and Senate Republicans. Whether it's this year or next year, we look forward to getting things done for the American people."
Sanders on Trump and Special Counsel Robert Mueller: "Nothing's changed. We're going to continue to be fully cooperative... However, the president and his personal attorneys are going to discuss this with the special counsel, not with reporters."
Jim Acosta asks about Trump watching Fox &amp; Friends. Sanders: "I'm sure you're disappointed he's not watching CNN." Acosta: "I think he watches a lot of CNN."
Sanders on immigration talks: "You guys got to come into the room in a pretty unprecedented way and sat in there for almost an hour."
Sanders: He does understand FISA which is why he issued a presidential memo last week. He has a full understanding. If you don't believe me, ask Speaker Ryan.
Sanders on DACA: "There has not been a deal reached yet. However, we still think we can get there."
Sanders: You usually start calling around 5am. We try to respond to phone calls and emails 24 hours a day from you guys.
Sanders: "I think there's a flurry of activity at the White House every day."
Sanders on Trump's medical exam: We'll put out "a brief statement" tomorrow but take the weekend to compile the results and give a detailed readout on Tuesday.
Sanders: Dr Ronny Jackson will oversee Trump's physical at Walter Reed tomorrow and appear in the briefing room on Tuesday to take questions.
Sarah Sanders: "Unfortunately, Democrats are continuing to refuse to fund our troops" and other measures crucial to keeping our people safe. Democrats should stop making our troops "political pawns".
Mnuchin on Davos: "I can assure you the members of his cabinet have no interest in going over there and rubbing elbows with anybody." It's about meeting business leaders. There's tremendous trade going on. "This trip is all business."
Mnuchin: I would hope Democrats are focused on doing good things for the American people.
Mnuchin: "The president's been very clear that many aspects of the Iran deal need to be changed." There are many aspects outside the Iran deal that will continue to be sanctioned. "We have as many sanctions on Iran today as we have on any other country."
Mnuchin: "We've heard more good news from small businesses than even the Wal-Marts."
Mnuchin: "This is about tax simplification and getting rid of deductions, a lot of the deductions that rich people take."
Mnuchin: It's one of the more "ridiculous" notions to take a real estate tax and think you can dress it up as a charitable contribution.
Mnuchin: In Davos the president will talk about reciprocal and free trade.
Mnuchin: "Different companies will do different things. Some companies will invest capital. Some companies will return money to workers."
Mnuchin: "We had one of the highest tax rates in the world... We've changed that. This is really a revolutionary process... We've been talking with lots of companies for a long time."
Mnuchin on Davos: "I don't think it's a hang-out for globalists. The economic team is going to go over and speak about the America First economic strategy."
Mnuchin: Since tax reform over two million workers have seen either special bonuses or additional wages.
Mnuchin: The treasury and IRS will work together to produce a new W-4. "The IRS will continue to focus on simplification and a user friendly process."
Mnuchin: IRS is publishing new withholding tables. Workers and their families will receive larger cheques starting in February. We estimate 90% of workers will see an increase in their pay because of the Tax Cuts Act. "This is just the first step in a three step process."
At White House press briefing. Steven Mnuchin: "I am pleased I will be leading the economic delegation for the president in Davos."
‘Oprah soars. Oprah gives goose bumps. That’s her métier, and where Clinton wants for charisma, Oprah overflows with it. She’s the Niagara Falls of charisma, and as warm to the touch as Clinton can be cold:’ https://t.co/zISsQQGzQg
Trump: Norway has tremendous hydropower. "I wish we had some of that."
Trump: "As usual they made a bad deal... I feel very strongly about the environment... Clean water, clean air, and we also want businesses that can compete."
Trump: "The Paris agreement as drawn and as we signed was very unfair to the United States. It put great penalties on us... It hurt our businesses."
Trump: Working with China or Russia or other countries that "surround this world", that's a good thing.
Trump: I am for massive gas and oil. "Putin can't love that." I am for a strong military. "Putin can't love that."
Trump: North Korea should never have been my problem. It should have been solved a long time ago but it was given to me.
Solberg: We have a "very good relationship" with Russia over that border area. It's the biggest cod area in the world.
Trump: "It's a Democrat hoax that was brought up as an excuse for losing an election" which they should have won because they had a tremendous advantage in the electoral college.
Trump on potential Mueller interview: "There has been no collusion with the Trump campaign and Russia, or Trump and Russia." Hillary Clinton was given an interview without swearing in or notes taken. "That's ridiculous."
Trump: "There is collusion but it's really with the Democrats and the Russians rather than the Republicans and the Russians. So the witch hunt continues."
Trump: "That's not the general's opinion but I think my opinion counts more right now."
Trump on General Robert Neller's comment to US marines in Norway that there's a war coming: "Maybe he knows something I don't know... Peace through strength. I think we're going to have a long period of peace. I hope we do."
Trump, giving first question from the Washington Examiner, says: "We need the wall for security, for safety, to stop the drugs pouring in... Any solution has to include the wall... We have to have the wall for security purposes."
Solberg: "Norway's combating climate change... We are committed to the Paris agreement." (Trump remains expressionless.)
Solberg: "The American economy is doing well and our economic relations are flourishing, and that's to the benefit of both countries."
Prime minister Erna Solberg of Norway: I have assured President Trump that Norway remains an ally and a close friend that can be relied on.
Trump: "Together we have fought against communism and fascism and terrorism." Today we remain united in our efforts to confront challenges. "We have a newfound friendship."
Trump: "We're also proud of our increasing cooperation on health and health security and also on biodefence." I commend efforts to promote vaccine development. "Together we can save many, many lives."
Trump: Norway invests about one third of its sovereign wealth fund in American businesses. "You've done very well with your investments in the United States."
Trump: "I want to thank the people of Norway for their commitment to fair and reciprocal trade. A word you're going to hear more and more from this administration... Remember the word reciprocal."
Trump: "The economic ties between our two countries are robust and growing." We have a surplus. We're getting more and more surpluses around the world.
Trump: Isis has lost nearly 100% of the territory it held not so long ago.
Trump: Norway has made contributions to the Nato-led mission in Afghanistan "where we're doing very well. It's been turned around." I encourage Norway to follow through on its commitment to 2% of GDP spending.
At White House press conference. Donald Trump: As we strengthen "the wonderful relations" between the US and Norway. Centuries ago Erik the Red sailed the treacherous seas. We fought on the beaches of Normandy.
Sanders: "We've outlined where we think the special counsel should be focused and it's certainly not on the president and on this campaign."
Sanders on Davos: "It's about the president once again welcoming the opportunity to talk about the America First agenda."
Sanders: "Denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula is the number one priority and the next thing we'd like to see."
Sanders: "The White House is not going to comment on communications with the special counsel out of respect for the special counsel and its process."
Sanders: "Border security is more than just the wall."
Sanders on Fusion GPS dossier: "I haven't any conversations with anyone specific to that."
Sanders on recertifying the Iran nuclear deal: "We haven't made a final decision on that. We will in the coming days. Again, we'll make sure you guys are the first to know."
Journalist John Gizzi: "Has the president abandoned getting Mexico to pay for the wall?" Sanders: "No, we haven't."
Sanders on allowing press into Trump's meeting with senators: "A number of individuals felt it was a good thing to let you into the conversation and cooperation on both sides." See them "moving the ball down the field".
Sanders: Our position is going to be fight for better trade deals for this country.
Sanders: "I'm not going to negotiate with you from the podium. This is something the leadership agreed to."
Sanders: Our priority is "border security, ending chain migration, ending the visa lottery and coming up with a permanent solution to DACA."
Sanders on Oprah: "I disagree very much with her policies." Is she a successful individual? "Absolutely."
Sanders on Ivanka Trump's praise for Oprah: "The message from the White House is obviously that everyone should come together." The president brought Democrats and Republicans together. "We're going to continue to look for ways to bring the country together."
Sanders on Davos: "The president's message is very much the same here as it will be there... very much an America First agenda." Strength for American businesses and the American worker.
Sanders: "The president said you have to be careful on that, you have to have control on earmarks." The broader point he was making was getting Democrats and Republicans to work together.
Sanders: "The president is setting himself up to achieve what everyone in that room agreed they wanted to see happen." A deal on DACA, a deal on border security, an end to chain migration.
Sanders: "The president just concluded what we felt was a very successful and very productive bicameral meeting on immigration reform."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: The president spoke and took some questions earlier "so we're going to keep it a little shorter today".
'America is upside down and inside out. There’s meaningless make-believe in the capital of politics. There’s meaningful politics in the capital of make-believe.' Frank Bruni in The New York Times: https://t.co/6GImVeQRXc
RT @JoyAnnReid: When Oprah is speaking at the Golden Globes and your goals shift to VP... https://t.co/3ghEVMmCwF
'Band of the insulted: the nicknames of Trump’s adversaries.' From The New York Times: https://t.co/Rpm6U7rUik
‘Fire and Fury confirms our worst fears – about the Republicans’ | Jonathan Freedland: https://t.co/fOTsnbR4Ff
Asked if the White House gave Wolff unfettered access, Sanders replies: "Absolutely not. There are probably more than 30 requests for access to information from Michael Wolff that were repeatedly denied... We saw him for what he was."
Asked if Breitbart News should part company with Bannon, Sanders replies: "I certainly think it's something they should look at and consider."
Sanders: "Regardless of whether or not there's a lawsuit, they should concerned about peddling fake stories."
Sanders: The American people care more about the booming economy and crushing of Isis. "I don't think they really care about some trash... an author that no one had ever heard of before today... ridiculous lies."
Asked if the president will go to court to prevent book's publication, Sanders refers question to Trump's attorneys.
Sanders: "It completely tabloid gossip full of false and fraudulent claims."
Sanders: "The president believes in enforcing federal law" whether it's marijuana or immigration.
Sanders on Trump and Bannon: "I'm not aware that they were ever particularly close." They spoke a few times after Bannon left the White House but it's not like there were regularly scheduled calls.
Sanders: I don't know of any personnel change whatsoever.
Sanders: "It is absolutely laughable to think that somebody like this president would run for office with the purpose of losing." You know Donald Trump is a winner.
Sanders: "This is an incredibly strong and good leader. That's why we've had such a successful 2017."
Sanders: There are "numerous examples of falsehoods that take place in the book". The claim the president didn't know who John Boehner was is ridiculous. The book is "complete fantasy and just full of tabloid gossip. It's sad and pathetic."
Sanders on legal threat to Steve Bannon: "There's an ethics agreement. Beyond that I can't get into details."
Sanders: Next week the president is inviting a bipartisan group of senators to the White House to discuss the next steps on immigration reform.
Trump in video message: "We are going to make America great again and it's happening a lot faster than anyone thought possible."
https://t.co/1NyshDMiX4
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "The Dow Jones industrial average broke through 25,000 for the first time ever today." She then plays a video message from Trump talking about tax cuts.
RT @sahilkapur: First screenshot: 3:12 PM EST today		Second screenshot: 5:45 PM EST today		See if you can spot the difference. https://t.co…
Sanders: "I think it's the press that has an issue with his time on the course... I don't think anyone can argue, it's been one of the most successful first years in office."
Sanders on golf: "Developing deeper and better relationships with members of Congress. Those relationships have pushed forward the president's agenda." For example with tax cuts.
Sanders: "The president communicates. He's one of the most accessible presidents we've ever had." Sometimes it's a press conference, sometimes it's chatting on the way to Marine One, sometimes it's on Twitter.
Sanders: "Obviously the president's been extremely focused on trade... That's going to continue to be a big priority for the president." Make sure American workers have better trade deals.
Sanders: "There was a holiday?"
Sanders on Trump tweet: "The president has raised the bar for our nation's aviation safety and security... The president's very happy that there were no commercial airline deaths in 2017."
Sanders on Pakistan: "Look, this is something the president has been following and has talked about... This is something the administration continues to watch on a daily basis."
Sanders: "Obviously the budget is, first and foremost, one of the biggest priorities right now."
Sanders: "The president was elected because of his ambitious agenda and his desire to get a lot of things done." A lot of meetings this week will help determine what the best strategy is.
Sanders: "Our alliance and friendship with South Korea remains stronger than it ever has been."
Sanders: The focus here is to continue to apply maximum pressure on North Korea.
Asked if the US supports regime change in Iran, Sanders replies: "We support them giving basic rights to the people of Iran and we support them stopping being a state sponsor of terror."
Sanders: "Our policy on North Korea hasn't changed at all. The United States is committed and will continue to put maximum pressure on North Korea."
Sanders: "The president certainly has the greatest and deepest amount of respect for Senator Hatch." He's grateful for the role he played in getting the tax reform package passed.
Sanders on Huma Abedin: "The facts of that case are very disturbing. The president wants to make clear he doesn't feel anyone should be above the law."
Sanders on Iran: "He'd like to see them stop being a state sponsor of terror. That's something the whole world would like to see."
Sanders on deep state: "Obviously he doesn't believe the entire justice department is part of that." He appointed Chris Wray at FBI because he wants to change the culture of that agency.
Sanders: "This is a president who does what he says he's going to do. We know Pakistan can do more to fight terrorism and we want them to step up and do that."
Sanders on Iran: "We certainly keep our options open in terms of sanctions. In terms of signing a waiver later in January, the president hasn't made a decision on that... He's going to keep every option open with regard to that."
Sanders: "A brave American serviceman died in Afghanistan."
Sanders: The Iranian regime spends its people's wealth on spreading militancy abroad. "The Iranian people are angry at the rising tide of corruption in their daily lives... The Iranian people long to reclaim their country's proud history."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "It's great to be back with you. I'll start by wishing you all a happy new year."
'An illustrated history of Donald Trump’s hair.' From Vanity Fair: https://t.co/VJ24nr54Zv
'He is the magician who swallows a sword no one thought was part of the act, stuffs a dozen rabbits into a hat before the audience can count them — and then merrily tweets about “Fox &amp; Friends”.' The New York Times on Donald Trump: https://t.co/TvdtgdcPhs
RT @JoyAnnReid: Now that I’ve read the entire transcript of @nytmike’s Trump interview, a few observations: 	1. Trump speaks a lot like a c…
'It was a year of Googling “Donald Trump” and texting the United Nations refugee office here and asking anyone who might know anything about the newest US travel ban.' A view from Africa in The Washington Post: https://t.co/e2zbpRtLBN
'Mr Trump wants “to make America great again” without dissent and without the arts; but can one truly have greatness without grace?' Sarah Ruhl in The New York Times: https://t.co/BaD56MxsBh
The Donald Trump quiz of 2017 https://t.co/bniNVE6pEr
RT @TheDailyShow: Lincoln: Why do bad things always happen to me in theaters? https://t.co/IOGjJOkLrS
‘This is the diabolical genius of Omarosa: delivering faint praise as she fatally plunges the blade.’ Charles Blow in The New York Times: https://t.co/GtqJdKGcHe
"But in the rebirth of open, uncoded racism in this country's public discourse, there is also evidence that mainstream American liberalism has never been particularly liberal – rather, just a comfortable insularity lacquered with niceness." Omar El Akkad: https://t.co/sStgA1rvp0
‘A journey through a land of extreme poverty: welcome to America.’ From The Guardian: https://t.co/R04riloHZF
‘A journey through a land of extreme poverty: welcome to America.’ From The Guardian: https://t.co/R04riloHZF
@rickjourney   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Sanders: "April, I'm looking forward to having some pie with you momentarily."
Sanders: The president "knows his number one responsibility is to protect American citizens" and we look for ways to do that every day.
Sanders on Omarosa interview: "The comment that she made, those were the first time I heard those." I know she brought up concerns at meetings "and we addressed those at the time".
Sanders: "We have a really diverse team across the board at the White House... I don't have a number directly in front of me, specifically not African American... Something we strive for every day is to be more diverse and representative of the country at large."
Sanders: "Omarosa resigned from her position... I'm not going to get into the weeds of a personnel decision."
Sanders on Trump and Bannon: "I haven't spoken with the president directly about the nature of that relationship and whether that's altered."
Sanders: We support the FCC's effort to roll back regulations. We support a free and fair internet.
Sanders: "I know that president spoke with Rupert Murdoch earlier today and congratulated him on the deal." This will be a great thing for jobs.
Sanders: "We're pretty confident" that we'll get the tax bill done before Christmas.
Sanders: "The president likes Omarosa, thanked her for her service. She'll be here later this afternoon."
Sanders on Omarosa: "She resigned from her position yesterday. She'll be here later this afternoon... We don't comment much more than that on personnel matters."
Sanders: "The president's already called and congratulated Doug Jones and expressed his willingness to work with him."
Sanders on reports that Paul Ryan will step down: "The speaker assured the president these were not accurate reports... It sounds like it might have caught Speaker Ryan by surprise."
Sanders: "I think the president's position is pretty clear in his outreach to Doug Jones directly... He likes Doug Jones and looks forward to meeting him in person."
Sanders: "I would have to say we'd be here a really long time if I walked through everything I've learned over the past year."
Sanders: "We're really proud of the work we've done already with Senator Rubio, doubling the child tax credit."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "Our focus since day one has been to aggressively push to make sure as many Americans as possible get a tax break, particularly those in the middle class." Overwhelmingly the middle class will get a tax break.
@Alexashaffer1   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @TheDailyShow: .@roywoodjr is free to be as Alabama as he damn wants! https://t.co/xi3ntisFMr
‘What it does for the spirits of people petrified by his country’s trajectory can’t be overstated.’ Frank Bruni of The New York Times on Democrats’ win in Alabama: https://t.co/HVzrWLzaPO
RT @TheLeadCNN: Roy Moore campaign spokesman responds with silence when asked if he knew people can be sworn in with a text other than the…
Sign erected last year in Moore’s hometown Gadsden, Alabama. https://t.co/bx8DQixeVo
Republican candidate Roy Moore arriving on horseback to vote in Gallant, Alabama. https://t.co/3BgLuq3xOI
RT @NBCNews: Kayla Moore, wife of Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, accuses media of painting couple as anti-Semitic. https://t.co/Vcczj6…
Jones and wife greeting supporters. https://t.co/P9clGa1O0T
Jones quotes Heaney: "History says, Don't hope/ On this side of the grave,/ But then, once in a lifetime/ The longed-for tidal wave/ Of justice can rise up/ And hope and history rhyme." He adds: "That longed for tidal wave of justice is about to rise up in the state of Alabama."
Jones: "If we've ever had a year of courageous women, it's 2017."
Jones: This election is "about what we are as the people of the state of Alabama".
Jones: "It's time, folks, that we say: No Moore!" [Crowd chants: "No Moore! No Moore!"]
Jones: "I believe those women." The majority of the people of Alabama will say it's time we put our decency, our state first.
Doug Jones: "This election is going to be one of the most significant in our state's history for a long, long time." We have lagged behind. It is time we take a path to progress.
Mayor Randall Woodfin: "This is a special election and special elections are all about the turnout... Let me be the first to tell you: it can be done... What's under attack in Alabama and across our country is a sense and decency and integrity."
Barkley on Trump: "He won't even come here but he sends Steve Bannon." [Crowd boos.] "Only in Alabama could you send a white nationalist who's against race mixing three times and he gets cheered."
Barkley: "I love Alabama but at some point we've got to draw a line in the sand and say we're not a bunch of idiots."
At Doug Jones rally in Birmingham. Charles Barkley: "If somebody sent you this as a movie script, you would throw it in the trash. You would say there's no way this other guy could be leading in the polls... It's unbelievable this other guy is still in the race."
Outside the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church in Birmingham, Alabama. https://t.co/kQluTVySQp
'To an extent that would stun outsiders, Mr Trump, the most talked-about human on the planet, is still delighted when he sees his name in the headlines.' From The New York Times: https://t.co/KJkbPFmvbh
Sanders on Trump's slurred speech yesterday: "The president's throat was dry. Nothing more than that." He does have a physical scheduled early next year.
Sanders: "We certainly felt like some of the political leadership at the FBI was problematic. We're glad that Director Wray is there. We feel he's going to clean up some of the mess."
Sanders on Jerusalem: "In the president's remarks he said he is committed to the peace process as ever."
Sanders on Roy Moore: "The allegations are troubling." It's for the people of Alabama to decide.
Sanders on Trump's White House: "As a woman I've never felt anything but treated with the highest level of respect and empowered to do my job."
Asked if the president is confident that Congress can police itself on sexual harassment, Sanders replies: "We have no reason at this point to see otherwise."
Sanders: The president's issue is with the political leaders of the FBI, particularly those who were involved in the Hillary Clinton case.
Sanders: "The president is still very much committed to a strong border and a border wall... We hope Democrats will be able to focus on putting partisan politics aside and fully funding the government."
Sanders on whether US compete in Olympics: "No official decision has been made on that... I know the goal is to do so."
Asked when Trump became aware the Michael Flynn lied to the FBI, Sanders replies: "The attorneys feel differently and I think this is a question that should be answered by them."
Sanders on Trump's Jerusalem recognition: "I'm not aware of any countries' commitment to follow suit. I'm not aware of any countries that we anticipate that happening at any point."
Sanders on Al Franken's irony claim: "Look, the president addressed the comments back during the campaign. We feel strongly the people of this country addressed it when they elected Donald Trump as president."
Sanders on tax reform: "Our focus has been getting the lowest corporate rate possible. 15 is better than 20, 20 is better than 22."
Sanders on possible government shutdown: "We expect a clean CR to pass with Democrats' support." Important for national security.
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "Today is a solemn day of reflection across our nation as we remember the 'day of infamy'," the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Went to first night of Private Confessions by Ingmar Bergman at the Kennedy Center. Absorbing, spare, bleak and consoling, with deep ravines of emotion. Performed in Norwegian with projected English titles.
Sanders: "The president made that decision and he decided it was better to have someone that supports his agenda than a Democrat who doesn't."
Sanders on Moore: "I said he supports the president's agenda. The president doesn't necessarily support everything on Roy Moore's agenda."
Jim Acosta of CNN on Roy Moore: "This is someone who's been accused of child abuse, of molesting children." Sanders: "As I've said, this is something for the people of Alabama to decide."
Sanders on Trump and Russia: "There's no collusion, there's no obstruction, and we're confident the facts will show that."
Sanders: "He does want people who support his agenda. He's obviously not going to support a Democrat." If that's our standard, we should look at a number of individuals still in office.
Asked when Trump knew Flynn lied to the FBI, Sanders replies: "Again, I'm not aware of those specifics." You should talk to lawyer John Dowd.
Sanders: As the president's attorney Jay Sekulow made clear in the last couple of hours, reports that the special counsel has subpoenaed financial records relating to the president are completely false. "This is another example of the media going too far too fast."
Sanders on whether the Mueller investigation is biased: "I think we've seen some reports that certainly cause a great deal of concern and we hope those are fully looked at and investigated."
Sanders on Alabama candidate Roy Moore: "The allegations are concerning. If true, he should step aside, but we don't have a way to validate that and it's up to the people of Alabama to decide."
Asked if Trump knew Flynn lied to the FBI, Sanders replied: "The president knew that he lied to the vice-president. That was the reason for his firing." I know you're referring to the tweet written by the president's attorney. The attorney has clarified that.
Sanders on potential boycott of Trump opening civil rights museum in Mississippi: "I think that would be honestly very sad. This should be something that brings the country together."
Sanders on whether Trump would pardon Flynn: "I haven't had the conversation with him because I don't think it's necessary until you get further down the road."
Sanders: "He's going to continue to have conversations with different leaders from across the world... We'll let you know when he's made a decision."
Sanders: "I'm not going to get ahead of the president's remarks that he will make tomorrow. He did speak with a number of leaders this morning."
Sanders: I'm not aware of any plans for a global intelligence network. "It's not something that's currently in the works."
Sanders on Jerusalem: "Tomorrow the president will deliver remarks regarding this action."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: The president just wrapped up a meeting in the Oval Office with four families. The president's plan to reform our tax code "will help them thrive... These are the families that deserve a tax cut for Christmas."
Reid: "I think the big unsolved problem of global western politics is what do you do with the people whose skills are no longer 'needed'... What do we do with a generation of people who don't have a college degree; they're not techies who can't work in Silicon Valley."
Reid: The most effective election ad was 'man of steel', claiming that we can reopen factories and make American great again. It ran on a loop in Ohio and Democrats never answered it.
Olsen: Romney and Trump won different white voters. Trump shifted the white vote to a more electoral college winning efficient segment. Romney's white voters didn't matter.
E J Dionne: Because of Trump, more Republican voters have moved toward a hostile view of trade.
Reid: Mitt Romney, more of a globalist, got 59% of the white vote; Trump got 58% of the white vote. "I think the globalisation thing is much more a fringe issue. I don't think necessarily rank and file voters think about it."
Reid: “Don’t underestimate how much Barack Obama radicalised those who had a propensity to think that way.” Trump’s mission is to erase Obama from the planet.
Reid: Why have deprived black and brown people never been tempted by populism? We have to look at race as a factor.
Olsen: “Peel the legitimate away from the illegitimate and let the air out of the populist balloon.”
Olsen: They go hand in hand. “Economic anxiety enables cultural anxiety.... There’s something rational as well as something irrational going on.”
Robert Jones: “Our data suggests its cultural fear more than economic fear. They’re both in the mix, absolutely, but cultural fear tends to trump economic fear - no pun intended.”
Reid: “I’ve actually heard strong Roy Moore supporters say the enemy is Mitch McConnell. They talk about Mitch McConnell more than Democrats.”
Reid: “I again agree with Henry. I don’t know what’s happening to me.”
Reid: “I think for a lot of people, Trump is their Obama and he has a cultural power over a third of the country that cannot be broken.”
Reid: For a lot of Obama voters, his physical symbolism was the point. That was the catharsis: looking at ourselves in the mirror and seeing him and his family reflected back. For a lot of Trump voters, he is the point.
Joy Reid: I’m glad Henry mentioned Ukip and European nationalism. “You cannot understand Donald Trump just looking in a vacuum of American politics.”
Olsen: Donald Trump won because he did much better among that 18% who didn’t like either candidate. They went with better the devil you know on policy.
Olsen: Never Trump people see a party that no longer seems to represent their values, in which “they appear to be outcasts”.
Olsen: “I think the default mindset for the evangelical Christian in America is one of fear... They think the progressive left wants to stamp them out.”
Olsen on Trump primary voters: “These people were afraid of losing their economic and cultural place in American life and they wanted it back.” He became the near certain winner when he added national security by proposing a Muslim ban.
Henry Olsen: “I think what it means to be a Republican under Trump is to be scared.” He started with an appeal to what can only be called economic ethno-nationalism.
PRRI: Democrats and Republicans, men and women, agree that recent stories of sexual harassment are part of a wider pattern.
PRRI: 73% of Republicans, 30% of Independents and 12% of Democrats support building a wall along the border with Mexico.
PRRI: Eight in 10 Republicans believe reporters have a personal or political agenda.
PRRI: 55% of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents, and 66% of ‘always Trump’ voters, agree with the statement that ‘because things have gotten so far off track in this country, we need a leader who is willing to break the rules to set things right’.
PRRI: 40% of Republicans are in the ‘always Trump’ group. 91% of them support building a wall.
At PRRI survey launch at Brookings Institution. 40% of respondents think Trump should be impeached; 56% don’t feel that way. For 2018 mid-term elections, 37% favour Republicans, 44% favour Democrats. 63% of Republicans back Trump for 2020 election; 31% prefer another nominee.
Went to first night of The Book Of Will at Round House Theatre. A clever premise and a feast for Shakespeare lovers with an admirable lightness of touch. The Elizabethan publishing industry has never been so gripping.
'The truth about Trump is not that he’s crazy. He’s a narcissist and a neurotic with a feral talent for attracting the attention he craves.' Bret Stephens in The New York Times: https://t.co/CF2K0rnMVO
Went to Kennedy Center Honors. Asked about Donald Trump's absence, Betsy DeVos said: “I think that decision was made months ago. I just happen to be here.” Gary Cohn denied that he was disappointed: “No. That was his decision.” Wilbur Ross preferred to talk about tax reform.
Eric Hargan: President Trump is donating his third quarter salary to fighting the opioid epidemic.
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: “The President has accepted the Speaker’s invitation to deliver the State of the Union on January the 30th.”
"In South Africa they remember we were on the wrong side of the apartheid struggle... While I was there, they tried to change the name of the street in front of our embassy to Fidel Castro Avenue." Former US ambassador Donald Gips at the Atlantic Council: https://t.co/uoE8vSeUs6
Sanders: "I don't think the president threw anybody under the bus."
Sanders on women who accuse Trump of sexual assault: "The president's been very clear that he denies any of those allegations having taken place."
Sanders on Mulvaney: "I think that consumers should be glad they finally have someone in there who wants to fight for consumers," not for their own personal careers.
Sanders: "I think the president felt he was the right person to lead this agency and made the decision." There's no more to it than that.
Sanders on 'Pocahontas' insult: "I think what people find offensive is Senator Warren lying about her heritage to advance her career."
Sanders on Access Hollywood tape: "The president addressed this. This was litigated and answered during the election by the overwhelming support for the president... The president hasn't changed his position."
Sanders on Mulvaney: "I think everybody is in full agreement that he's director of this office."
Sanders: "Director Mulvaney has taken charge of that agency and he has the full cooperation of the staff, appeared this morning and things went very well on his first day at CFPB. I think the legal outline says very clearly who is in charge of that agency."
Sanders: "The president is looking forward to the Senate taking another step forward to a big, beautiful Christmas present" of tax relief.
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "Hope everyone had a happy Thanksgiving and took the opportunity to have some down time with your friends and family."
RT @WhitfordBradley: I know C.J. Cregg. C.J. Cregg is a friend of mine. You’re no C.J. Cregg. @WestWingWeekly @AllisonBJanney https://t.co/…
'Sarah Huckabee Sanders treated the White House press pool the way a sadistic teenager would treat a group of third graders. The journalists, for the most part, went along with it.' Masha Gessen in The New Yorker: https://t.co/IyYpz6Qsym
@emmasoames   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
RT @jdawsey1: For better and worse, it often strikes me how eerily quiet D.C. can be at night. Walked eight blocks a few minutes ago and en…
Trump: “Drumstick, you are hereby pardoned.” Reporter shouts twice: “Are you going to pardon any people?” https://t.co/C1tujMzeIH
Trump: Last year President Obama pardoned Tater and Tot. I have been informed by the White House counsel’s office that Tater and Tot’s pardons cannot under any circumstances be revoked.
Trump: Harry Truman did not grant the pardon. “He was a tough cookie. I am a much nicer president.”
Donald Trump: “I want to wish all Americans a very happy and blessed Thanksgiving. And I hear that turkey.”
In White House rose garden. Ivanka Trump awaiting Thanksgiving turkey pardoning. https://t.co/Y0ske6TubQ
Went to first night of Twelfth Night at Shakespeare Theatre Company. A spectacle with an extraordinarily original and inventive opening scene and some exquisite singing.
Melania and Barron Trump receive White House Christmas tree. https://t.co/nmYGWFsvFQ
Sanders: "I don't have any announcements on our relationship with Zimbabwe at this time. I'll keep you posted."
John Gizzi: "I'm thankful for my father: 96 years old and going strong. And thankful to my wife, my heroine, for saying yes at the fourth request. My question is about Zimbabwe."
RT @AliABCNews: .@PressSec kicks off briefing asking reporters to say what they’re thankful for. @CeciliaVega: “I’m thankful for the First…
Sanders on Trump's new supreme court prospects: "There's nothing more to read into it other than expanding the list."
Sanders: The president was glad to see the release of the three UCLA athletes in China. "The president was happy to intervene and I think he's made the clear by taking that action on to do that without being asked."
Sanders on Alabama: "The position of the White House hasn't changed."
Sanders: "Obviously the president wants people in the House and the Senate who support his agenda."
Sanders: "The president feels it's up to the people of Alabama to make that determination, who their next senator should be."
Sanders: "April, I'm starting to regret calling on you first."
Sanders: "I'm very thankful for my family, my faith, particularly thankful for brave servicemen and women."
Sanders: This will be our last press briefing before the Thanksgiving holiday.
Sanders: "This afternoon the First Lady and Barron Trump will receive a beautiful 19ft Christmas tree." It will be on display in the blue room.
Asked if he believes the US is running out of diplomatic options on North Korea, Tillerson replies: "No, I do not."
Tillerson on balancing sanctions: "The people of North Korea already live under enormously difficult conditions."
Tillerson: "The assassination in Malaysia was a significant event that caused us to look seriously at what else they've been doing."
Tillerson: North Korea has an enormous capacity to withstand a lot. "They'll make their people pay."
Tillerson on symbolism. "It points out what a rogue regime this is and how brutal this regime is and how little they care for human life."
Tillerson: We already North Korea sanctioned heavily. "This will close a few additional loopholes off."
Tillerson on sanctions: We know there are significant shortages of fuel. We know that their revenue flows are down.
Tillerson: "We still hope for some diplomacy... We continue to turn the pressure up on North Korea by getting other countries to join."
Tillerson on designating North Korea as state sponsor of terrorism: "The practical effect of it is... it may disrupt and dissuade some third parties from undertaking activities with North Korea."
Rex Tillerson on North Korea: "I call it the peaceful pressure campaign. The president calls it the maximum pressure campaign. But there's no confusion: they're one and the same."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "The president's position is this: the North Korean regime must be lawful."
@WhitfordBradley  Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
'The one county In America that voted in a landslide for both Trump And Obama.' From FiveThirtyEight: https://t.co/gSjdDiMNpg
'How well has the American experiment functioned with a demagogue as president?' Daniel Drezner in The Washington Post: https://t.co/Hk4XlVrACE
RT @TheDailyShow: “Bernie Bernstein” stops by to raise awareness for autism programs and Night of Too Many Stars. https://t.co/WwP9YntfMm h…
@All_NotSome   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
‘We're still aghast at Donald Trump – but what good has that done?’ | Thomas Frank https://t.co/s61vuy7BA4
@AmbrosiaforAL   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
'After the election, many liberals pledged not to “normalize” Trump. But one lesson of this year is that we don’t get to decide what normal looks like.' Michelle Goldberg in The New York Times: https://t.co/xqw7WcB2vv
‘We’ll never stop Brexit or Trump until we address the anger fuelling both’ | Jonathan Freedland https://t.co/nW5CnEBXGp
Clinton departs to cheers and standing ovation.
Clinton: I had volunteers knocking on doors saying they working for Hillary Clinton. People would say: "I can't vote for her. She kills people." They asked, where did you hear that? "On the internet."
Clinton: "Our politics have become so contentious and so partisan and people are in their own echo chambers... Somehow we've got to tackle this... Don't shy away from having those conversations."
Clinton: "If you are so inclined, run for office yourself. We are recruiting so many young people into politics, particularly young women."
Clinton: There need to be concerted efforts to make sure voters are not turned away.
Clinton: "The fever has broken." We're not going to put up with the machinations of this administration. We're going to take a different course.
Clinton: "This has come as a huge wake-up call for millions and millions of Americans and I want that to be sustained."
Clinton: "The question really is how much do you care about the values and issues that are important to you, because almost everything you care about has a political dimension."
Whitford: "There is a silver lining. God, there'd better be."
Whitford: "I want you all to buy this book because it will transform you from agony to anchoring you in what you can do."
Whitford: "Before I ask my question, I promised to imitate your husband to your face."
Clinton: "We have 90 people a day dying in the opioid crisis and we have no leadership, no new funding, no plan coming from the administration." White life expectancy is going into reverse.
Clinton: We're the only country that has not signed the Paris climate deal. Even Assad, who's busy murdering people, found time to sign it.
Clinton: "You can imagine my amazement when, in his press statements, President Trump said, 'I think it's pretty great the Chinese are doing so good; if they're doing better than us, they deserve it.' That is not the right answer."
Clinton on climate change deniers: "Literally their political bread is buttered by the Koch brothers and others... The Chinese will eat our lunch."
Clinton: "We've got to get back to evidence-based policy. A novel notion but I believe it."
Whitford: "Climate change. Marsha Blackburn. She goes, 'Don't come at me with science!'"
Whitford: "I get crazy with my Republican friends because, was Jesus a supply-side guy?... How do they have God?"
Clinton: "The goals are very much the same but I actually got things done."
Clinton: "I want us to get to universal healthcare probably more than anybody because I've been in the middle of the battle."
Whitford: "I believe if you took a Venn diagram of what you've been fighting for and what Bernie wants, you'd have a circle." Outrage works well in campaigns. "You have been accused of incrementalism."
Whitford on The West Wing: "You know, we did solve that whole Middle East thing in two episodes."
Whitford: "It's like having a pilot who's never flown a plane before - and thinks planes are stupid."
Clinton: "What we're seeing is, unfortunately, going to set us back for some time to come."
Clinton on Trump in Asia: "I know Xi Jinping. I know Xi Jinping is sitting there thinking, 'Man, this is going to be easier than I thought.'"
Whitford on the press and Trump: "It's like watching a bunch of professors giving an oral exam to a wrestler."
Clinton: "I understood the attraction, the desire in our country for change... But I thought at some moment there would be that reckoning, that accountability, and people would say 'I just can't trust my country and the world to that candidate'."
Clinton on Barack Obama's inauguration: "There really was a very big crowd."
Clinton: I said not only is he not qualified to be president but he's "temperamentally unqualified" to be president.
Clinton: "I had problems with the press but I don't fault them for not knowing what to do because this was unprecedented."
Clinton: "I was surprised that he insulted his way to the Republican nomination against an experienced field... But what became clear is this was the first reality TV campaign. He was the reality TV candidate. I was the reality candidate and it just wasn't as entertaining."
Whitford: "You're running against a guy whose language is the verbal equivalent of a chimpanzee."
Clinton: I was surprised it went as far as it did and, in some critical places, provided the margin of difference for the Trump campaign.
Clinton: "Aided and abetted by the internet, these kinds of appeals can be so much more effective." Then it got really weird because we didn't know where it was coming from.
Clinton: "I still think we're trying to unpack and understand it as to why it was a spark for so many people." Some of it was the aftermath of the financial crash, but that was never a full explanation.
Clinton: The level of racism and bigotry in this election was unlike anything I had ever seen. It was "the rationale" of the Trump campaign.
Whitford: "I feel like we had a false sense of security and it turned out that racism and misogyny were in the other room doing push-ups."
Whitford: "What this book is a call to action. It's a testament to resilience, to the idea that politics is the way we create our moral vision."
Whitford: "OK, let's talk about the emails... First of all, I just want to say I love you... I rang doorbells for you in the 2008 primary."
Clinton: "Trying to confuse people and blur the line between fact and fiction is an authoritarian practice that goes back a long way."
Clinton: "There is no such thing as an alternative fact. As I say in the book, the Russian disinformation campaign during the election was successful in part because America's natural defences had been worn down over the years by powerful interests."
Clinton: "There is no clearer example of an attempt to rig an election than the massive voter repression here in Milwaukee." Experts estimate that tens of thousands of votes were suppressed.
Clinton on implementing Russian sanctions: Trump swore an oath. "He should do his job."
Clinton: "What we've learned recently is that some of the Facebook ads specifically targeted voters in Michigan and Wisconsin."
Clinton: The 2016 election was "a perfect storm". What we've learned about Russian meddling is not only alarming but "a clear and present danger".
Clinton: "I hope women of all ages will read this book and be inspired to go into politics... You never know what may happen."
Clinton: "You know that just by being at the table you're bringing a perspective that might otherwise be overlooked."
Clinton: "I can't think of a single woman in politics who doesn't have a story to tell. Not one."
Clinton on research: "The more successful a man is, the more people like him. With women, it's the exact opposite... Women are seen favourably when they advocate for others and unfavourably when they advocate for themselves."
Clinton: "The only way we'll get sexism out of politics is to get more women into politics."
Clinton: None of that would have happened if we gave up against the dark forces. "We should celebrate those wins but we cannot let up for one minute."
Clinton: "This was a resounding affirmation of the values we share. As of Tuesday night, we are one step closer to an America that is fairer, more equal."
Clinton on Democratic wins this week: "In an election in America, hope beat hate."
Clinton: "Everyone gets knocked down in life and what matters is whether you get up and keep going."
Clinton: "I'm still very proud of the campaign we ran and the 65.8 million votes we got."
Clinton: I learned about Wisconsin's progressive tradition and I want to thank you for still fighting for those values.
Clinton: "We always loved the beauty of the state and there's nothing better than a lake in Wisconsin in summer time."
Clinton on Whitford: "I've no idea what he's going to ask me. I've no idea whether he's going to be West Wing or Get Out."
Clinton: "I can't think of any place I'd rather be to start the year after that year... It's not an anniversary I've been looking forward to."
Clinton enters to standing ovation and prolonged cheers from audience. She says: "Well, I should have come back to Wisconsin soon."
At Riverside Theater in Milwaukee. Bradley Whitford: "It's so great to be back in my home state and it's such an honour to introduce to you Hillary Rodham Clinton."
'The reign of Trump is the reign of ruin. That is why the Resistance is needed now more than ever.' Charles Blow: https://t.co/y6kt2cWpEr
Spotted in Milwaukee, Wisconsin: https://t.co/UkzcxB5BNO
'My travels in white America – a land of anxiety, division and pockets of pain.' Gary Younge in The Guardian: https://t.co/zMUEXpnUzW
"People were throwing up. People were on the floor crying." Memories of US election night a year ago in Esquire: https://t.co/kCRaJzq05M
Bill Clinton: "It doesn't matter what your degree is. It matters how your mind works." Spend time with people different from you.
Bill Clinton: "My advice is to think big and start small."
Bill Clinton: "There will come a time again, believe it or not, when knowledge will be valued, when it will matter."
Bill Clinton: Israel last year got half the capital in the world invested in cyber-security. "It's stunning."
Bill Clinton: If Rabin hadn't been killed, we'd have had peace in the Middle East by 1998. I'm convinced of it.
Bill Clinton on assassination of Yitzhak Rabin: "That's probably the worst day I had as president, the day he was killed."
Bill Clinton: We showed we cared about them and "we could all rise together".
Bill Clinton: I think the most important thing we did was show the American people the government can work everybody. "Shared prosperity."
Bill Clinton: I also wonder if I'd flown to every Arab capital, I might have been able to build pressure on Arafat to accept the peace deal.
Bill Clinton: "I regret that and I've spent a good part of my life trying to make it up to them."
Bill Clinton: "I regret that we didn't go in earlier to stop the genocide in Rwanda. We might have saved a couple of hundred thousand lives"
Bill Clinton: "My advice is work at the grassroots and get people to show up and realise voting for president is never going to be enough."
Bill Clinton: "What we've got to do is just all get our heads on straight again."
Bill Clinton: They're trying to suppress the vote so Republicans will only face a challenge from the right.
Bill Clinton on healthcare: "The Trump administration, if they'd passed what they wanted to, it would have been a calamity."
Bill Clinton: "The constitution should be subtitled: 'Let's make a deal.'"
Bill Clinton: "Did we get healthcare? No, there was no way were going to get that. But we got a lot done."
Bill Clinton: Instead of a tax cut for people in my income bracket, we ought to spend the money on infrastructure which has a high return.
Bill Clinton: When Newt Gingrich became Speaker, they were out there. "They said Hillary and I were the enemies of normal Americans."
Bill Clinton: "We've got to have a more united country. We've got to have a more perfect union. Us versus them is a dead end."
Bill Clinton: I've won and lost during my career. "The important thing is to get caught trying."
Bill Clinton: You've got to keep pushing the scales but not so far that you're hopelessly naive.
Bill Clinton: "Every one of us participates in ways large and small, and not always political."
Bill Clinton: If you grow up in the south you're told Ulysses S Grant was a drunken butcher. "Nothing could be further from the truth."
Bill Clinton: "No country on earth has anything like the number of mass killings we do, but we don't talk to each other."
Bill Clinton: "It's a crazy time." I think it's more polarised in deeply psychological ways than when I was elected.
"presidential elections, you are going to make it permanent."
Bill Clinton on polarisation: "The only really political thing I want to say is if you don't vote in mid-term elections as well as..."
Bill Clinton: Politicians won't stop "us and them" if we keep rewarding them.
Bill Clinton: "I don't believe your ability to bad mouth somebody is evidence of your authenticity." (Applause.)
Bill Clinton: We don't have immigration reform not because of economics but because of voting issues.
Bill Clinton: "One of the things I really liked about George W Bush is he tried to pass immigration reform."
Bill Clinton: "We've got to avoid this kind of tribalism. How many voters do we have to disenfranchise before we're not American any more?"
Bill Clinton: "Are you just as guilty as they are of only talking to people who agree with you?"
Bill Clinton: In a world of Snapchat and Twitter, "the emotional triggers are far more profound and therefore more profitable".
Bill Clinton: The crime rate among immigrants is one half that among native born. "If every American knew that, it might make a difference."
Bill Clinton: "It's important we tell people who disagree with us the facts." From 2010 to 2014 there was no net immigration from Mexico.
Bill Clinton: "The most anti-immigrant places in America have very few immigrants." People don't feel threatened by it.
Bill Clinton: Is going back to the past an option by running immigrants away and having less equal trade? I don't think so.
Bill Clinton: The last election showed that "even poor people are more hopeful if they're in a more dynamic place".
Bill Clinton: You can win an election based on division and subtraction "but it's a lousy way to run a railroad".
Bill Clinton: "Everybody should be seen, everybody should be heard, but that requires a certain style of leadership."
Bill Clinton: "I think we live in an inter-dependent world. We can't escape each other."
Bill Clinton: Which is more important today, our interesting differences or our common humanity?
Bill Clinton: Don't be blinded by the headlines. There are a lot of positive things going on in this country.
Bill Clinton: Is it OK for Facebook to accept investments from a Russian billionaire and then run ads that spread fake news?
Bill Clinton: "At the best, for all of its shortcomings, this country is dynamic and inclusive." Working towards a more perfect union.
Bill Clinton: Too many citizens now don't believe in anything. They believe in Thomas Hobbes: life is nasty, brutish and short.
Bill Clinton: Helmut Kohl was "a giant of a man". He went hiking every summer and lost 28lbs so he could have the joy of putting it back on.
At Georgetown University. Alumnus Bill Clinton: “Had I not come here, I would not have become president.” https://t.co/XjUgV8eRUz
Podesta: "I think maybe we opened up the valve too much." The question now is whether you can tighten it up.
Podesta: "I think we misunderstood the over-financialisation of what was happening in the economy."
Podesta: Trump "thrives on creating more cleavage and splitting his own party on Capitol Hill. As a result he hasn't got anything done."
Podesta: "Mandela told him, 'If I hated them, they could still control me, and they only way to be free is to let them go.'"
John Podesta: Bill Clinton and Nelson Mandela "became great, great friends". Clinton couldn't understand how he forgave 27 years in jail.
RT @jmillerlewis: Bernie Sanders warns of 'international oligarchy' after Paradise Papers leak. https://t.co/RxRDfRuN9X
Albright: I would ask the current president to treat nations with respect and "stop tweeting".
Albright: "What I'm worried about is that we're going to become the dispensable nation where nobody thinks we have a role to play."
Asked Bill Clinton's biggest regret as president, Albright replies: "That he didn't go to North Korea."
Albright: President Clinton had to choose between concentrating on the Middle East or North Korea and he chose the Middle East.
Albright: "I've been to the Demilitarized Zone and it's one of the most dangerous places in the world."
Albright: Talks with North Korea broke down. We bear some responsibility. They bear most responsibility.
At Clinton 25 symposium at Georgetown University. Madeleine Albright: I am still the most senior sitting official to go to Pyongyang.
The story of Donald Trump's British mother Mary, told by Politico: https://t.co/VFkrjfQSbs
'She’s awful at this, but that makes her an excellent fit for an administration in which mediocrity' runs rampant: https://t.co/Auxh3ZavZ8
'A truly gigantic category mistake — a category mistake made by the American people.' Martin Amis on Donald Trump: https://t.co/vEwoqPFmaT
Trump plans bicentenary of Frederick Douglass, whom he said "is an example of somebody who’s done an amazing job": https://t.co/Y3DX0CWhCx
McMaster: The president is going be leading the discussions on trade and security. The rest of us are just there to support.
McMaster: What you've seen is "the end of the beginning" of the president's strategy on North Korea. Sanctions.
McMaster: "We're always assessing our strategies and policies based on the degree to which we think they're effective."
McMaster on North Korea: "This is a global threat that requires a global response."
McMaster: "How much does it help to yell about these problems? The president has done quite a bit and will do more to advance human rights."
McMaster: The president is focused on being effective in advancing human rights and the rule of law.
McMaster: Who stood up against Assad to prevent further murder by chemical weapons? "The president did." Look at the actions.
McMaster: You'll hear the president talking about sovereign nations protecting the rights of their citizens, the rule of law.
McMaster on Trump's death penalty tweet: "What the president wants is to secure the American people from this threat."
McMaster: "Denuclearisation of the peninsula is the only acceptable outcome." China has a great deal of economic power over North Korea.
McMaster: We had a "substantive policy dialogue" with President Xi at Mar-a-Lago and in subsequent meetings.
McMaster: It's time for a really concerted effort for us all to do what we can "short of military action". He "doesn't draw red lines".
McMaster: "We're out of time because approaches in the past have not delivered" in halting North Korea's nuclear programme.
McMaster: "China recognises it's clearly in China's interests and all nations' interests to denuclearise the peninsula."
McMaster: "China is doing more but obviously it's not enough."
McMaster: We've seen countries in the region and globally do more to expel these North Korean slave labourers that are a source of income.
McMaster on whether Trump's comments are inflammatory: "What's inflammatory is the North Korean regime."
McMaster: "I don't think the president really modulates his language. Have you noticed him do that?"
McMaster on Trump and North Korea: "The president will use whatever language he wants to use, obviously."
McMaster: "The president will discuss how to strengthen partnerships across the Indo-Pacific" to combat terrorism.
McMaster: Raqqa and Mosul have been liberated. "We should recognise there has been considerable progress on terrorist financing."
McMaster: "The president will reiterate three key anti-terrorism pillars that he unveiled in that speech in Riyadh."
McMaster: This trip "builds on previous accomplishments and our previous diplomatic efforts".
McMaster: "The president will stress his commitment to free, fair and reciprocal trade."
McMaster: "The United States stands ready to defend itself and its allies using the full range of our capabilities."
McMaster: "North Korea is a threat to the entire world." The president will call "on all nations to do more". Isolate North Korea.
McMaster: The president's trip will focus on "strengthening international resolve to de-nuclearise North Korea".
H R McMaster: Tomorrow President Trump embarks on the longest trip to Asia by a US president in a quarter of a century.
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: The president was delighted to announce Broadcom is moving back to the US from Singapore.
Bernstein: “The racial issue is brittle because of our history... I think we’ve made a lot more progress than might appear from headlines.”
At CSIS. Ann Bernstein on S Africa: “We don’t have an American ambassador, which might be a good thing in terms of who might be appointed.”
Sanders on sending suspect to Guantanamo Bay: The president was saying he would support that but isn't necessarily advocating for it.
Sanders: The president does not "blame" Senator Schumer and does not believe he is "responsible for the attack".
Sanders: "The president has vowed to defend our country, protect our communities" and put the safety of the American people first.
Sanders: "Those who seek to divide us will only bring us closer together."
Sanders: This attack underscores that the threat of terrorism is real. "The American spirit will never be broken."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "Let's start by offering our thoughts and prayers to the people of New York City."
Official: "The president is not going to visit the DMZ. There's not enough time in the schedule... It's becoming a little bit of a cliche."
At the White House. Senior administration official: President Trump has "a rapport" with President Duterte of the Philippines.
At the White House, where the south portico has decorative spiders and webs for Halloween. https://t.co/nrduN5MQqE
RT @W7VOA: Lone cyclist responds to @POTUS motorcade shortly after departing Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Va. (Photo: @b_smialowsk…
'John McCain and White House Chief of Staff John Kelly offered starkly different visions of service and of America:' https://t.co/jlX5MurTMa
RT @realDonaldTrump: While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was…
Trump and Melania depart, ignoring shouted request for questions.
Trump to children: “We will win... Who wants the pen?” https://t.co/I7vrje64xJ
Trump: Together we will face this challenge as “a national family... We will overcome addiction in America.”
Trump: “We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love”
Trump: “There is nothing desirable about drugs. They’re bad.”
Trump: Every American who buys illegal drugs is helping fund the most “violent, cruel and ruthless organisations anywhere in the world”.
Trump: We must find the most common sense solution of all: prevent our citizens becoming addicted to drugs in the first place.
Trump: “We have no choice but to help the people who are hooked and are suffering.” We’ll be guided by “evidence” and “results”.
Trump: “We’re taking the fight directly to the places where people are making this poison.”
Trump: Ninety per cent of the heroin in this country comes from south of the border where we will be building a wall.
Trump: “For too long we have allowed drugs to ravage American homes, cities and towns...  National shame and human tragedy.”
Trump: “We are already distributing nearly one billion dollars in grants for addiction prevention and treatment.”
Trump: “I had a brother Fred... Best personality. Much better than mine.” But he drank and told me don’t drink, don’t smoke. I never have.
Trump: “I will be looking at the potential of the federal government to bring major lawsuits against bad actors” hurting our people.
Trump: It is manufactured in China. I will mention it to President Xi “and he will do something about it”.
Trump: We require that a specific opioid “that is truly evil” be taken off the market immediately.
Trump: We are going to do something special.
Trump: “I want the American people to know the federal government is aggressively fighting the opioid epidemic on all fronts.”
Trump: “A number of states have reached out to us for relief and you should expect to see approvals.”
Trump: “Effective today my administration is calling the opioid epidemic a national public health emergency.”
Trump: “We can be the generation that ends the opioid epidemic. We can do it.”
Trump: Opioid orphans. “Such beautiful, beautiful babies... This epidemic is a national health emergency.”
Trump: Overdoses kill seven people per hour, far more than road accidents or homicides. A “horrible, horrible situation”.
Trump: Families across the country are dealing with the worst drugs crisis in American history and “world history”.
Donald Trump: “Thank you Melania for your moving words and for your devotion.”
Melania Trump: “I have learned so much from those willing to talk about this epidemic and I know there are more stories to tell.”
At the White House. Melania Trump: “The opioid epidemic has affected more than two million Americans nationwide.” https://t.co/lc2xxdL2DJ
Sanders: He spends the bulk of his day working on tax cuts and the legislative agenda.
Sanders on Corker: A lot of the language I didn't think was fitting.
Sanders on the economy: "We didn't say it was completely fixed but we're certainly moving in the right direction."
Sanders: Imagine "how incredible" and how much would get done if people like Bob Corker got on board and did their jobs.
Sanders: We saw "a historic moment" when the president spoke in Saudi Arabia.
Sanders: "He feels like America's winning." The president has got rid of nearly a thousand regulations. We have a booming economy.
Sanders: This call was meant to respectful, sympathetic, offering condolences.
Sanders: I don't believe General Kelly mischaracterised the account. General Kelly and family made the ultimate sacrifice for this country.
Sanders on civility: "We can always do better and we're looking at ways every single day to bring the country together." All Americans.
Sanders: "The president said he did not want to impact social security. He wants to make sure we protected that."
Sanders: "Every day there is an effort to unify. You see that in policy initiatives the president is pushing." Tax cuts, defeating Isis.
Sanders on Trump's use of Twitter: He can speak directly to the American people "without any filter, without any bias".
Sanders on Iran deal: "Corker certainly rolled out the red carpet for the Obama administration... He voted against it but he allowed it."
Sanders: "I'm not going to weigh in to political races."
Asked if Corker, Flake and McCain will vote for tax cuts, Sanders replies: "I certainly think America hope they do."
Sanders: "I would hope Senator Corker is more focused on getting things done in his final months."
Sanders: "History is going to look at this president as someone who defeated Isis", made the economy stronger than it's been in decades.
Sanders: They were not likely to be re-elected and "that shows the support is behind the president more than those two individuals".
Sanders: The president wants people who are going to move the ball down the field and I don't think these two senators were doing that.
Sanders: Senator Bob Corker "is trying to get a headline as he goes out the door".
Sanders: "The people of this country didn't elect somebody who'd be weak. They elected somebody who'd be strong." He fights back.
Sanders: The president spent the "majority of his day" talking about tax reform and pushing his legislative agenda.
Sanders on Senator Jeff Flake: "Based on past statements and based on his lack of popularity in Arizona, it's probably a good move."
Sanders: Blocking the investigation means nothing less than Russia's endorsement of the Assad regime. We will continue to push back.
"at a 16-year low. Economic optimism is sweeping the nation."
At the White House. Sarah Sanders: "As the president tweeted this morning, the market continues to hit record highs and unemployment is..."
@GovMikeHuckabee   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Sanders: “Thank you guys for coming.” https://t.co/mKKTM9fEm9
Sanders: I hope we can look for better ways to do our jobs and that is to get accurate information to the American people.
Sanders: Thank you for "a very positive and open back and forth".
Knox: It's the reassertion of news judgment.
Thrush: At first there was a sense of incredible urgency. Now people are saying what does he mean, has he said it before.
Roberts on Trump's tweets: "It's his way of using a typewriting to get whatever he wants on the air, almost in real time."
Sanders on Scaramucci interview: "That was a decision he made and you would have to ask him how he feels about the decision to do that."
Audience member: "I'd like to ask about Anthony Scaramucci." Some audience members laugh.
Sanders: "We could have done a better job of information flow... A lot of that was just procedure process... On the job training."
Sanders: "On the front end of the administration we could have done a better job of providing information to the press... A learning curve."
Sanders: "The account that he's given reflects what he saw and again, I think he has the highest level of integrity."
Sanders: "General Kelly gave one of the most raw and emotional accounts that anyone could give and I think he has a lot of credibility."
Sanders: "I don't think General Kelly was wrong and therefore I don't think he should make an apology."
"lives were lost."
Sanders: "It's a real sad moment when we're focused far more on the process of what time a call was made than the fact that military..."
Ryan: When you have a president who goes out on Twitter and refutes what a gold star widow says, "that's news".
Sanders: People care about jobs and the economy. The media covers palace intrigue, who's in and out, whether this person likes that person.
Sanders: "You act like you love to talk about policy. You have the platform." A lot of things have got "zero coverage".
Thrush: "He loves the NFL story... With the president, it typically works on four or five different levels."
Roberts: "Being a person born, forged in the crucible of controversy, the controversies are always going to rise to the surface."
Roberts: The president has been controversial for his whole life. "The controversies do tend to rise to the surface a little bit."
Chairperson looks around the room for the next question. Sanders jokes: "It's not as easy as it looks!"
Sanders: There's an added layer of transparency. The American people appreciate that more than closed doors.
Binder: "There's an upside, for sure, but there's a policy consequence."
Sanders: "That's something that frankly people should be celebrating. The fact that you have someone so candid and authentic."
Sanders on Trump's use of Twitter: "It's an important tool that he has to communicate directly with the American people." He is unique.
Sanders: "Everything is fair game and I do the very best job I can to call on a variety of people."
Sanders: "I don't think anyone can say I don't take tough questions."
Sanders: "I don't look at the room as negatives and positives... I try to look at the room as an open book."
Sanders: "Now anybody with a computer can be a journalist... I do think the anonymous sources is a really big problem."
Sanders: "I think that goes both ways." I don't think we can be asked to be so forward if we're constantly competing with anonymous sources.
Sanders: It's hard for us to argue that we want you to have on-the-record sources if we're not willing to go on the record.
Sanders: The president does respect the importance of media freedom. "With that freedom comes a high level of responsibility."
Sanders: There needs to be more appreciation for our side. We're putting in the house.
Sanders: "I've never been attacked more, questioned more. I was called a liar by a major network in an official statement."
Roberts: There is resentment towards the media among millions of people in this country.
Roberts: There should never be violence against journalists. Sarah, with all due respect, there were times when I think he went too far.
Roberts: I went to small towns and big towns across America and when Trump singled out the media he had the entire room with him.
Roberts: The president has used the press as a foil and tapped into a deep well of resentment that the media is biased against Republicans.
Binder: My only experience of the briefing room is Saturday Night Live.
Thrush: I give Sarah "incredibly high marks for lowering the temperature" and fostering an atmosphere of mutual respect.
Thrush: "The political press is his central omnipresent opponent, more than anything else." You saw that in Sean Spicer's first appearance.
Thrush: Trump's political strategy in the election "was to raise the negative of his opponent". Intuitive, smart, genius! It worked.
Sanders: "It's not a political tone. It's a hateful tone." Look at the Twitter feeds of some of the people asking.
comes from the place of an accusation. It's like, 'You're a horrible person, please tell us why'."
Sanders: "It's oftentimes not the nature of the question. It's the way the question is asked. Sometimes I feel that the question always..."
Sanders: Research found 93% of coverage of this administration was negative. With Obama it was 60-40.
Sanders: "I do think there is a greater sense of hostility towards this administration."
Sanders: "We try to be very accessible... To pretend there aren't tensions would be silly."
Ryan: "And you'll leave in five minutes." Sanders: "I've never left in five minutes." Ryan: "Ten minutes."
Sanders: "Some days I do it better than others."
Sanders: "The number one job I have is to come out and provide the best and more accurate information I can at that moment."
Ryan: "It's not as organised as we would like or they would like."
Ryan: "It's a friendly adversarial relationship... I've seen you give and I've seen you take."
Sanders: "I think I'm winning her over." Ryan: "No, you're not."
Knox: People at the White House peddled poisonous stories about Sean Spicer. That has not happened under Sarah Sanders.
Knox: The White House is far less chaotic than it was. It's "night and day" compared to 20 January.
Knox: "Allies, and I would guess adversaries, are taking a different measure of the president at this point."
Sanders: Speech in Saudi Arabia to bring countries together against terrorism "a historic moment, something that had not been done before".
Sanders: He's developed strong relationships with China, Japan and South Korea "to help put additional pressure on North Korea".
Sanders: "The president is very focused on making sure that the trade deals we have are good deals for American workers."
Thrush: "A fair amount of responsibility for this gridlock rests with the presidency and the president."
Thrush: "There's a tremendous amount of dysfunction in Congress and they certainly didn't deliver."
Thrush: "He was less studious than previous presidents." This is not opinion; this is based on a volume of reporting.
Thrush: "He was uninformed about basic facts about the healthcare system in this country." He wasn't ready for policy discussion.
Thrush: "We are talking about a presidency in the first nine months that has not functioned as a normal presidency."
Sanders: "You've got a few people holding up a lot of progress." For me the biggest negative is Congress's inability to stand up and do job.
Sanders on Niger row: "I would not say this is the defining moment. The media would like it to be. They want to create a narrative."
Ryan: "I want to hear from you what the negatives are."
Roberts: "I think the president has learned over these nine months that he can't rely on his own party to get things done."
Sanders: On tax reform he's very been very forward leaning and engaged, working directly with members of Congress.
Sanders on Trump: "On the foreign policy side he's done a very good job developing relationships with key partners and allies."
Binder: Another Republican president with those fractures might be making more progress.
Binder: They're looking for the president to pave the way forward. You don't have to be a policy wonk but you have to use the bully pulpit.
Sarah Binder: "I definitely see him as Republican... The problem here is it's a fractured Republican majority."
Olivier Knox of Yahoo News: He's not doing as well at draining the swamp as he is at rolling back regulations. "Systematic, methodical."
Sanders: "You want to launch these very generic attacks against this administration." Several items on the list did get done.
Ryan: The HBCU presidents were told by Steve Bannon in February, "Give us a list of what you want".
Sanders: School choice is "very popular within urban communities." He's been a champion of that, as has Betsy DeVos.
Sanders: "President Trump has actually done more in terms of elevating HBCUs. He's moved that office back into the White House."
Ryan on HBCUs: "We could not go to schools with white people. Betsy DeVos got the whole thing wrong."
April Ryan: "Those who are taking the knee are challenging the system that's been a problem for a long time." Issues are not yet dealt with.
Roberts: The Republicans keep shooting themselves in the foot.
Roberts: Republicans screamed give us the House, give us the Senate but they haven't gotten anything done. "They choked" on healthcare.
John Roberts of Fox News: Steve Bannon-backed candidates could have "a fairly dramatic effect" on the Republican party.
Thrush: A senior administration official said to me, "Don't apologise, it's a sign of weakness." I see it as a sign of strength.
Thrush: General Kelly appeared to make "a fairly significant error" in his characterisation of the Congresswoman's speech.
Thrush is interrupted by static and someone in the audience shouts: "Russia!"
Glenn Thrush of The New York Times: "Part of the problem with this White House in general is they're learning on the job."
Sanders: We've managed to get a lot done in short order. Isis are on the run. The economy is better than it's been in decades.
Sanders: I don't think anybody could argue that he isn't someone who doesn't disrupt the way things are done.
Sanders on approval ratings: "I'll take the president's numbers over Congress any day."
Sanders: The biggest priority right now is tax reform.
Sanders: "We are making a lot of progress, certainly not as fast as the president wants or as fast as America wants."
Sanders: "I think one of the reasons that Donald Trump's president is because there is such a frustration with the way Washington functions"
"last year and hopefully have a fun back and forth conversation."
At George Washington University. Sarah Sanders: "This is a great opportunity to talk about some of the things that we've done over the..."
Trump presents medal and says a few words off mic. Rose gives military salute. Trump salutes in response.
Trump: “Now I would like the military aide to come forward and read the citation. Thank you very much. Thank you.”
Trump: “Throughout those four days Mike treated an astounding 60 to 70 men.”
Trump: “Your will to endure, your love for your fellow soldier, your devotion to your country, inspires us all.”
Trump ad libs: “Mike, this is serious stuff. This was not a good four days.”
Trump: “As Mike puts it, ‘If you don’t believe in God, you should have been with us that day, and then you’ll believe it.’”
Trump: “Mike rescued those in distress without any thought for his own safety.”
Trump: Mike’s father was a World War Two veteran and told his son America is the greatest country in the world. Defend it, cherish it.
Trump: He’s a great man. We talked to him for a long time.
At the White House. Donald Trump: “Please join me in welcoming Captain Gary Michael Rose to the White House.” https://t.co/yTKWViSoUd
Trump departs without answering shouted questions about Niger and the Johnson family.
Lee Hsien Loong: We shared with the president what we are doing to counter the North Korean threat.
Lee Hsien Loong: "We strongly oppose the nuclearisation of the Korean peninsula as it affects the stability and peace of the region."
Trump: "Our two nations share an unwavering commitment to countering the North Korean threat."
Trump: "The United States and Singapore share a profound belief in a society built on a foundation of law."
Trump: Earlier the prime minister and I witnessed the signing of a $13.8bn contract between Boeing and Singapore Airlines.
Trump: "Reciprocal. One of my favourite words when it comes to trade."
Trump on prime minister Lee Hsien Loong's father: "He really was a great man."
Trump: Singapore made "rapid development from a poor island nation to an economic powerhouse under the prime minster's great father".
At the White House rose garden. Donald Trump: "Singapore is one of our closest strategic partners in Asia."
Sanders: "Happy Friday. Hope you guys have a good weekend."
Sanders on Trump, Bush: "I'm not sure the last time they spoke but our understanding is those comments were not directed to the president."
Sanders on UK visit: "We anticipate that it will be some time next year."
Sanders on UK visit: "That still hasn't been determined. We're still going back and forth with our allies there."
Sanders on Niger operation: "I'm not going to get into any of the details at this point."
Sanders: It should have ended but it's still on every TV network today. The president responded to mischaracterisations of his comments.
Sanders: The media had focused on it for 24 hours. Kelly made "a personal decision" to come out and speak yesterday.
Sanders: "If anybody is pushing a lot of fabricated things right now, I think most of that would be coming from the news media."
Sanders: "General Kelly said he was stunned that she made the comments about herself."
Sanders on George W Bush speech: "We agree that Russian interference shouldn't be tolerated, absolutely."
Sanders on 'disrespected' comment: "If the spirit in which those comments were intended were misunderstood, that's very unfortunate."
Sanders: "If you want to go after General Kelly, that's up to you. If you want to get into a debate with a four star marine general..."
Sanders on Wilson: "There was a lot of grandstanding."
Sanders: General Kelly said he was "stunned" that Congresswoman Wilson made a comment about herself at FBI building opening.
Sanders: As General Kelly addressed, the Department of Defense has initiated a review that occurs any time we lose a US military member.
Sanders: Tomorrow is the birthday of Hope Hicks, our "incredible" communications director. Thanks for your "sense of humour".
Sanders: Today the first lady donated her inaugural ballgown to the Smithsonian National Museum of American History.
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders: "The Senate adopted a budget resolution. This is another important milestone for tax reform."
Obama: "Elections matter. Voting matters. You can't take anything for granted. You can't sit this one out."
Obama: "We need you to take this seriously because our democracy's at stake."
Obama: "With all of our flaws, our fate is in our hands. We decide. Not some king, some despot. It's in our hands." America goes forward.
Obama: "Why are we deliberately trying to misunderstand each other and be cruel to each other?"
Obama: We can honour the ideals of the constitution. "That's who America is. That's who we are. That's who we are."
Obama: My mother was distantly related to Confederate president Jefferson Davis. "I bet he's spinning in his grave."
Obama: "We saw what happened in Charlottesville but we also saw what happened after Charlottesville." Groups stood against fear.
Obama: "If you have to win a campaign by dividing people, you're not going to be able to govern."
Obama: To the young folk, I'm glad you have a hashtag and meme but I need you to vote. "Don't boo. Vote."
Obama: "The stakes now don't allow you to sleep. I don't want to hear folks complaining and not doing something about it."
Obama: "The question is, will you show up to vote on November 7?" In off-year elections Democrats sometimes get a little complacent.
Obama: "Do you want a politics of division and distraction or do you want a better kind of politics?"
Obama: Some are trying to make "the base" angry for short term advantage.
Obama: "Instead of politics reflecting our values, we've got politics infecting our communities."
Obama: We need to end the practice of gerrymandering.
Obama: "We're at our best not when we put people down but when we try to lift everybody up."
At Ralph Northam rally in Richmond, Virginia. Barack Obama: "Yes, we can!" Crowd: "Yes, we can! Yes, we can!"
@BFriedmanDC   Please contact David Smith of The Guardian at david.smith@theguardian.com
Fascinating discussion about the lies that presidents told about the Vietnam war. Ken Burns and Lynn Novick: https://t.co/rlMcEBmhvk
Trump: "I think even the media likes the rose garden. That's hard to believe but even the media likes it."
Tsipras: Greece is not just a Nato member. It's a useful ally for the United States of America.
Trump: Greece has always been a strong ally.
Trump: "We think there'll be great stability in Greece. Militarily, we look at it as very important to the United States." Great confidence.
Tsipras: "Yes, we do believe Turkey must remain within Nato and its European course."
Tsipras: We believe Turkey must stay oriented towards the European outlook and towards Nato.
Trump: "We're going to have a great solution, ultimately, for healthcare... OK?"
Trump on Federal Reserve job: "I'll make a decision over the next short period of time."
Trump: "We have a tremendous Greek population in this country... It's a special place." We have great confidence in it.
Tsipras: "Greece is not just a tourist destination – maybe the best in the world – it's also an investment destination."
Trump: "We're just not going to allow the United States to be taken advantage of any more."
Trump on his presidency: A number of countries were "nervous" at first. I have very good relationships.
Tsipras: "The value of freedom and democracy was born in Greece... The president of the US continues that tradition."
Alexis Tsipras of Greece: "I want to confirm the meeting we had was very productive. Not a moment did I feel threatened at any time."
Trump: Essentially Cassidy-Grant would be the plan: block grants.
Trump: "Obamacare is everything but dead... I think we're in great shape. I think we have the votes."
Trump: The Democrats have no policies. "They've just become obstructionists." Appointments are being "slow walked". It's disgraceful.
Trump: I wasn't going to "line the pockets" of insurance companies. "Obamacare is dead."
Trump on healthcare: Since the formation of Obamacare, insurance companies are up 400%, 450%, 300%. "They've made a fortune."
Trump on the rose garden: "It's a nice place."
Trump: "I'm very proud that the United States will be the honoured country at next year's international fair in Greece."
Trump: "The American people stand with the Greek people as they recover from the economic crisis that recently afflicted their nation."
Trump: Greece is the cradle of western civilisation. "So true."
"to be doing the same thing very soon."
At the White House. Donald Trump: "The stock market just hit an all-time record high... We hope Greece is going..." https://t.co/RvvXmDoCXk
RT @realDonaldTrump: Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. "We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in moder…
Trump: "May God bless you. May God bless the United States of America." (Standing ovation.)
Trump: "As long as we have pride in our country, confidence in our future and faith in our God, then America will prevail."
Trump: The one force they cannot stop is the one deep in ourselves, the power of hope. Our people never lose faith, never give in.
"done in its whole administration."
Trump: "We've made their lives very, very difficult. We've done more against Isis in nine months than the previous administration has..."
Trump: We will combat the threat of "radical Islamic terrorism". We are making "tremendous strides" against Isis. Never hit like this before
Trump: "We will always support our cherished friend and partner, the state of Israel."
Trump: Our administration will call evil by its name and take action against those who cause our people harm.
Trump: Pakistan and other nations are "starting to respect America again".
Trump: Later I am giving a speech on Iran. "I think you'll find it very interesting."
Trump: "In America we don't worship government. We worship God... We are returning moral clarity to our view of the world."
Trump: Business is coming back. "The stock market is at an all-time historic high... Unemployment is at a 17-year low."
Trump: "And by the way, we are cutting regulations at a clip that nobody has ever seen before."
Trump: "We know that parents, not bureaucrats, know best how to raise their children and create a thriving society."
Trump: "We're going to have great healthcare in our country." Taking a different route because Congress "forgot what their pledges were".
Trump: "We know the American family is the true bedrock of American life. So true."
Trump: "We're hoping Congress will pass massive tax cuts for the American people."
Trump: People don't say Christmas any more because it's not politically correct. "Guess what: we're saying 'Merry Christmas' again."
Trump: "We are stopping all the attacks on Judeo-Christian values."
Trump: I have taken steps to prevent "the horrendous Johnson amendment interfering with your first amendment rights".
Trump: "To protect the unborn, I have reinstated a policy first put in place by Ronald Reagan: the Mexico City policy."
Trump: I have nominated a supreme court justice in the mould of the late, great Antonin Scalia.
Trump: "In the last 10 months we have followed through on one promise after another... We are substantially ahead of schedule."
Trump: "Can I take next year off or what?" (Audience members shout "No!")
Trump: One of the promises I made you last year is that I'd come back "and I don't even need your vote this year".
Trump: "How times have changed but you know what, they're changing back again." Religious liberty is enshrined in the bill of rights.
Trump: "George Washington said that religion and morality are indispensable." Our faith and values inspire us to give with charity.
Trump: We cherish religious liberty. We protect the rule of law. We celebrate our great American flag.
Trump: "When America is unified, no force on earth can break us apart."
Trump: In the wake of the tragedies in recent weeks, the American people have responded with generosity.
Trump: "We are one nation and we all hope together, hurt together and heal together."
Trump on Las Vegas shooting: "Americans defied evil and hatred with courage and love."
Trump: "America is a nation of believers."
Trump: "It's great to be back here with so many friends at the 2017 Values Voter Summit, and we know what that means."
At Values Voter summit in Washington. Donald Trump is greeted with cheers and chants of "USA! USA!" He raises fist and joins in: "USA! USA!"
Nielsen: General Kelly is "the epitome of selfless service and truly leads by example".
Nielsen: "I share the president's profound commitment" to the security of the homeland and safety of the American people.
Trump: "I know you will fulfill your duties with dedication, determination and resolve."
Trump: I call on the Senate to put partisan politics aside and confirm this talented nominee.
Trump: "Her mother is no longer with us but Kirstjen, we know she is looking down today and is incredibly proud."
Trump on Kirstjen Nielsen: For the first time a former official at the Department of Homeland Security is going to lead the Department.
Trump praises John Kelly and asks him to stand. Kelly does so and salutes.
At the White House. Donald Trump: In my campaign I promised my top priority would be to "secure the homeland". https://t.co/DbLXjcFEpZ
Kelly: I was not sent in to control Trump. I don't manage who goes to see him.
Kelly on North Korea: "Right now the threat is manageable. If it grows - let's hope diplomacy works."
Kelly: "The United States of America will stand with any country against terrorism." Friendly and not so friendly.
Kelly: Congress is "designed to be complicated, slow moving". Members have "their own political baggage to deal with".
At White House press briefing. John Kelly: "Clearly the president is deep in thought, to say the least, about where we head in Iran."
Went to first night of The Red Shoes at the Kennedy Center. Grand spectacle enhanced by Bernard Herrmann music but story is hard to follow.
Trump: "To every young American watching today, always strive to be your best, to give your best and to give your all."
Trump: "The NHL has not seen a three-peat in a generation but I know you are up for the challenge."
Trump: "That horrible, horrible situation caused by a demented, sick person in Las Vegas." Give the police a hand.
Trump: "Great fans. Great state. Great place."
Trump: "It's a very handsome group of people. I don't like standing in front of them. We always like unattractive teams, right?" (Laughter.)
Trump: These guys don't want to be politicians. That's right. "Don't be a politician."
Trump: "They call it the two-headed monster that scored a total of 77 goals."
Trump to Ron Burkle: Maybe you could help us renegotiate Nafta. "You're not on the other side of Nafta, are you?" (Burkle says not.)
Trump: "Competition is tough. Is it tough? For you guys it's not so tough."
At White House for Pittsburgh Penguins reception. Donald Trump: "Everybody wanted to be here today and I know why." https://t.co/SfXbz0aUZP
Sanders on understaffing: "The president came to Washington to drain the swamp and get rid of duplication, make government more efficient."
Sanders: If the NFL is going to use taxpayer billions for the fields they play on, is it too much to ask for them to respect the anthem?
Sanders: It would be helpful if Congress stopped taking vacations and worked with us. The president is here.
Sanders: Senator Bob Corker "rolled out the red carpet" for the Iran nuclear deal. He may have voted against it but he gave it credibility.
Sanders: "He has full confidence in the secretary of state... They’re working hand in hand to move the president’s agenda forward.”
Sanders: "The president never implied the secretary of state was not incredibly intelligent. He made a joke – nothing more than that."
Sanders to press: Bring your kids to a Halloween event on October 27. Candy "so we can sugar your kids up and send them back to you".
Sanders: "Tomorrow the president will continue his push to provide tax relief to hard working Americans." Hundreds of truckers will attend.
Sanders: "The president has presented common sense immigration reforms with broad bipartisan support" that put Americans first.
At the White House. Sarah Sanders: "Good afternoon. Hope everybody had a nice Columbus Day... I'm sure you missed me."
Biden leaves to standing ovation and cheers.
Biden: It's time to challenge some of the dangerous assumptions that threaten the liberal world order.
Biden: The foreign policy establishment have to speak out. "President Obama and I have been very quiet and respectful."
Biden: I for one am committed to do everything I can as a private citizen to defend the liberal order.
Biden: Without the US as a bulwark, China and Russia will try to fill the vacuum.
Biden: "I am extremely pessimistic about this operation but I am deeply optimistic about the future of our nation."
Biden: We can meet our national security imperatives without giving a green light to dictators.
Biden: To aggrandise your power, first delegitimise the press, then attack the courts.
Biden: "Think of all those who came before you. They had courage, a sense of optimism, persistence. That's who the hell we are."
Biden: Our diversity is our greatest strength.
Biden: "Our leadership should remain fixed in the values and ideals that have long formed the core of our identity."
Biden: "The world needs a strong democratic America leading the way."
Biden: "President Trump needs to listen to those bipartisan voices in Congress."
Biden: Trump has failed to criticise Putin. "Think of the signal it sends around the world, for God's sake."
Biden: "This guy's not trying to re-establish the Soviet empire. He's trying to decompose the liberal order."
Biden: I looked Putin in the eyes and told him: "You have no soul." He said: "We understand each other."
Biden: Putin showed me his magnificent office and I said: "It's amazing what capitalism can do."
Biden: "This is no time for the United States to cede the field to the forces of individualism and intolerance."
Biden: "President Trump's 'America first' sloganeering isolates us in the world."
Biden on North Korea: "Trading insults. Deploying taunting nicknames... Such erratic actions only worsen the crisis."
Biden: "If we walk away, there'll be nothing to prevent Iran resuming its nuclear ambitions." Next time we won't have the world on our side.
Biden: For us to walk away from the Iran deal doesn't isolate Iran. It isolates the United States of America.
Biden: The actions of this administration make it harder to meet the challenges we face and damage our standing on the global stage.
Biden: "No one doubts our power. No one doubts capacity."
Biden: Trump at the UN marks a "dangerous revision of small mindedness" that led the world to two wars in the last century.
Biden: "The president's vision is grounded in a disturbing admiration for autocrats."
Biden: Understaffing. "When was the last time you could stand on the seventh floor of the State Department and hear a echo?"
Biden: "This administration class global affairs in a dog-eat-dog competition... A Hobbesian vision... War against all."
Biden: "Nations have rallied to our side not because of coercion and fear. They have come freely and willingly."
Biden, suddenly angry: "The world has looked up to us thinking we mean what we say, even if we don't live up to it."
Biden: "It's not alarmist. We're walking down a very dark path that isolates the United States on the world stage."
Biden: Populism and nationalism is "a siren song", a way for "charlatans" to aggrandise their power.
Biden: "We have a shrinking middle class in America... They feel shut out of opportunities."
Biden: "A lot of people are justifiably frightened. There's a shrinking demand for skilled labour."
Biden: "Globalisation has not been an unalloyed good." It has "deepened the rift" between those racing ahead and those trying to hang on.
Biden quotes Heaney's "hope and history rhyme" line and says: "We have never been better positioned to lead the 21st century."
At the CSIS. Joe Biden: "The real reason I quote Irish poets is they're the best poets in the world."
Sanders: On specific guns policy, "we're not there yet".
Sanders: "Right now the president's position is to lead on the effort of uniting this country."
Sanders: "It's sad the mayor of San Juan chose to make that a political statement instead of focusing on the relief efforts."
Sanders on Las Vegas shooting: "We want to look at every way we can prevent anything remotely close to this ever happening again."
Sanders on Senate intelligence committee's Russia investigation: "I think the American people are frustrated."
Sanders on "moron" comment: "It's beneath the secretary of state to weigh in on every rumour out there." His spokesperson did clarify.
Asked about California becoming a sanctuary state, Sanders replies: "We are spending every day we can to try and find the best way forward."
Sanders: "With the first amendment, with those freedoms, also come responsibilities." You have a responsibility to be accurate.
Sanders on bump stocks: We want to be "part of that conversation". The president is a supporter of the second amendment.
Sanders: "We see a problem with any stories that are untruthful or inaccurate and presented to the American people as facts."
Sanders: "The president was deeply touched by the spirit of the people in Las Vegas."
At White House press briefing. Sarah Sanders on Niger: "Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of the fallen service members."
Went to first night of The Lover and The Collection at Shakespeare Theatre Company. Crisp production delves into Pinter's taut subtleties.
"In those days I imagined racism as a tumour that could be isolated and removed from the body of America...:" https://t.co/TPvllRilZg
"I feel like I've got to get up again at 75 and get going." The Little Rock Nine respond to Trump (starts at 01:11): https://t.co/Zg8S4ZDb7H
Trump on Catalonia: "I bet if you had accurate numbers you'd find they love their country, they love Spain, they just wouldn't leave."
Trump asks journalist Major Garrett if he has a question for the Spanish "president". Garrett begins his question, "Prime minister..."
Trump: "We're going to do far more than anybody else would be able to do. But it's a tough situation."
Trump: "This is a thing called the Atlantic ocean. This is tough stuff... Everyone is saying we're doing a great job."
Trump on Puerto Rico: We've had great reviews. We understand it's a disaster. We are unloading masses of food and water and supplies.
"that option, we will." Past administrations left me "a mess" and I will fix it.
Trump: "We are totally prepared for the second option... It will be devastating for North Korea, I can tell you that. If we have to take..."
Rajoy on Catalonia: "There can't be a valid, democratic referendum with minimum guarantees." I hope common sense will prevail.
Trump: "I think that Spain is a great country and it should remain united... I've been watching that unfold... unfolding for centuries."
Trump: I think it's a very important thing for the NFL to not allow players to show disrespect to our flag and our nation.
Trump: "All I do is work." People have died for our country. For people to disrespect that during the national anthem is "disgraceful".
Trump: "I wasn't preoccupied with the NFL. I was ashamed of what was taking place because to me that was a very important moment."
Mariano Rajoy of Spain: We agreed the challenge of North Korea is an "intolerable violation" and Spain supports stronger sanctions.
Trump: I look forward to us building a future of peace and prosperity for the United States and Spain.
Trump: "Spain is the 10th largest investor in the United States... Our stock market has just hit all time highs."
Trump: "Wherever socialism spreads, misery follows. The people of Venezuela deserve a future of freedom. These are great people."
Trump: I applaud China in particular for breaking off banking relationships with North Korea. I want to thank President Xi.
Trump: It is time for all responsible nations to join together to combat the North Korean menace. "I applaud China's latest action."
Trump: "The United States and Spain together face many difficult and critical challenges from North Korea to Iran to Venezuela."
Trump: The recovery will be a long and difficult one but we will emerge stronger and better than ever.
Trump: "I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday. I will also be going to the US Virgin Islands."
At the White House. Donald Trump: "We're doing everything in our power to help the people" of Puerto Rico. https://t.co/otxDJSn8dJ
"I hate to break it to 'real Americans' but what Trump likes about Chuck and Nancy is they're not you." Bill Maher: https://t.co/dJ2SBlTAR5
"So we figured it was a metaphorical wall." The Texan golf course owner who voted for Donald Trump: https://t.co/Qcg9Q5J1rn
https://t.co/FDGstkV6eS
'Trump’s puzzling speech to African leaders, annotated.' From The Washington Post:  https://t.co/2BwMPLN0sD
RT @geoffreyyork: Trump at lunch with Zuma, Buhari &amp; other African leaders today: "I have so many friends going to your countries trying to…
RT @davidmackau: Trump, at a lunch with African leaders, refers to the non-existent country of "Nambia." https://t.co/N8megnC1Xi
'The 2016 election was not a fluke.' Eugene Robinson in The Washington Post: https://t.co/TuDk5WsrRJ
Clinton shakes hands with front row supporters as crowd claps and whoops.
Clinton: "We're not going to go anywhere. We're still going to be here and still fighting and still moving."
Crowd rises to give Clinton another standing ovation.
Clinton: "I really believe we always summon up the energy and get ourselves focused and keep moving towards that more perfect union."
Clinton: "Be the kind of rebuke to those that want to divide us and undermine us."
Clinton: "It's critical that people have a sustained commitment to taking our country back." Young voters the great unrealised opportunity.
Clinton: Combating online trolls. Be one of those people standing up and tweeting back or posting something on Facebook.
Clinton: "I won 24 congressional districts that have a Republican member of Congress in them."
Clinton: I'm very concerned the clock not be turned back. There's great work being done in the resistance.
Clinton: I'm concerned a lot of permission has been given to people to be bigoted, prejudiced, lash out at people based on race, religion.
Clinton on favourite ice cream: "I guess chocolate. Anything with chocolate in it."
Clinton: "At some point they're going to need you, and the country's going to need you, and I hope you're still there."
Clinton: "I know what's happened to people I worked with in the state department being frozen out, disdained, mistreated."
Clinton: "There is such a disdain for federal workers. I would say if you can stick it out, stick it out, because the tide has to turn."
Clinton: There seems to be "contempt" in the administration for these workers and what they know.
Clinton: "I am so distressed because there is no much experience and expertise among workers in the federal government."
"and keep going... Don't give up."
Clinton: "I'm a very fortunate person and I want others, no matter what happens to you in life, to understand there are ways to get up..."
Clinton on most important thing in her life: "My family and my friends, obviously, and doing work that I believed in and made a difference."
Clinton on alternate nostril breathing: "I really do highly recommend it. It's not that hard. Google it."
Clinton: Republicans "just have a hard time thinking about a woman in the White House". These are complicated psychological issues.
Clinton: "When a woman runs she has to work extra hard to convince other women she can do the job she is running for."
Clinton: The Comey letter stopped my momentum. "We could see a lot of women turned away. They were discouraged."
Clinton: "I won the women's vote but I lost the white women's vote."
Clinton: Sandberg's second point is that women are liked when they are in service to someone else.
Clinton: Sheryl Sandberg points out the more successful a man is, he becomes more likable; the most successful a woman, the less likable.
Clinton: "I don't buy this false dichotomy: you can only be for the economy, you can only be for civil rights."
Clinton: We have to keep going at it and not get discouraged.
Clinton: "We have to call out the other side whose answer to everything is a tax cut for the wealthy."
Clinton on what Democrats should run on: "I think it has to be both economic justice and social justice."
Clinton: "If we don't get people to vote, starting in Virginia and the mid-terms in 2018, we're not going to turn this around."
Clinton: "We've got to stop this latest attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act."
Clinton: You have to have a sense of humour to get through some of what you are going to face.
Clinton: You will be judged by your hair, your voice, whether you are married or not, whether you have children or don't. It's a gotcha game
Clinton: "It's important to have more women in politics and it's important that we all support each other in the political arena."
try to have the confidence "without being too walled off, without being too defensive... It's a really great experience."
Clinton: Even though I write at length about challenges women in politics face, I would still say if you are willing to enter politics...
Clinton's preferences: Coffee (not tea). Beach (not mountains). Yoga (not Pilates). Putin or Trump? "I ran against both of them."
Clinton: "I have carried hot sauce since 1992. There were people who were actually accusing me of making that up."
Clinton: Obama was always in my corner and had my back over the two years.
Clinton: Barack Obama was "an extraordinarily helpful and supportive friend during the campaign". He called to ask about sleeping, eating.
Clinton: "I'm glad that Congress is looking at Facebook and Google and Twitter because they are the vehicles."
Clinton: If we don't get a handle on information that is aimed at spreading lies, "it will not stop".
Clinton: "That's the worst example but there are so many other examples." Stealing, giving to WikiLeaks, propagating, weaponising.
Clinton: "People could have gotten killed. He shot his automatic weapon off inside this pizza parlour."
Clinton: In Facebook posts and news outlets, there are people who will believe it. It was meant to influence voting, not to take up arms.
Clinton: One of these "evil people" in the media and online world make up this story that Podesta and I are running a child trafficking ring
Clinton: "In one of the emails, John Podesta's talking about pizza. He's Italian and Greek and a very good cook."
Clinton: Russia and allies, "whoever they turn out to be", created diversions and the illusion of transparency. Psychology was "brilliant".
Clinton: Within an hour of the Access Hollywood tape – "such an amazing coincidence" – WikiLeaks dumped all John Podesta's emails.
Clinton: John Podesta's emails were "stolen" and given to WikiLeaks, which is "nothing more than a tool of Putin and the Kremlin".
Clinton on Pizzagate: An example of people who are "malicious, unacquainted with the truth and pursuing their own agendas".
"future of our country."
Clinton: "This president and the people who serve him on this alternative reality track are posing a clear and present danger to the..."
Clinton: "I think the stakes of what we face in this time are just profound."
Clinton: In the book I mention The Handmaid's Tale, 1984, Brave New World because I want readers to agree we can't sacrifice truth, facts.
Clinton: If I lost to another Republican, "I would have been disappointed but I wouldn't have worried about the fundamentals of our country"
Clinton: This was a bigger challenge than any transfer of power in recent history. "The brazenness of their attempt to distort reality."
Clinton: "I couldn't grasp how much of a challenge they posed to facts and evidence and reason."
Clinton: "It was made more surreal with the claim about the crowd size and the introduction of 'alternative facts'."
Clinton: "I felt very uneasy about that inauguration. I've been to bunch of them... but this was different."
Clinton: Going to the inauguration was a "hard decision" but I thought it was important to show "continuity of our government".
"variation on a campaign unlike any we've ever seen."
Clinton: "I know the ebb and flow of a campaign. This was really different and I don't think anybody fully grasped how it was a..."
Clinton: "It's the toughest job in the world. It's a job that requires, or at least used to require, a level of curiosity and focus."
Clinton: "I thought at the end of the day people would say, 'Yeah, we really do want someone who is calm and composed in the Oval Office'."
Clinton: There was a history of people in presidential debates who had "deviated" to show anger or dismissiveness and paid a heavy price.
Clinton: You are frustrated that he is stalking you, but I thought it was better not to show that kind of reaction in a presidential debate.
Clinton on Trump: "We practised what we would do if he invaded my space because we kind of assumed he would."
Clinton on being a female candidate: "It's very hard to be perceived as strong as opposed to aggressive or any other word you can think of."
First mention of "Bernie" prompts some boos and hisses from the audience.
Clinton: "Who knows, maybe by 2020 people will want to know details again, and policy."
Clinton: I still believed in a big simple idea like we're going to raise taxes on the wealthy.
Clinton: You realise the press are not covering policy every day; they're covering an empty podium. There was a disconnect.
Clinton: "I think I stayed way too focused on a path that was not the direction the campaign was headed." Up against a TV reality candidate.
Clinton: Making clear what you want to achieve was out of sync with the time in which we're living in and candidate I was running against.
Clinton: "I didn't hold back at all on what I saw as my own shortcomings and my own disappointment not just for me but for the country."
Clinton: "I ended up not censoring my thoughts... I will admit I censored some of the original language." A great team vented with me.
Clinton: I also wrote it to make sure that what happened doesn't happen again.
Clinton: It was hard to think about the mistakes I made but also these big forces that were determinative in the outcome. It was cathartic.
Clinton: "Starting in February I dove in. I just decided I was going to write it. It was painful."
Clinton: "It hit me that there were these very important issues that needed to be discussed, debated even."
Clinton: "I do kind of believe in facts."
"walks in the woods and everything I did just to clear my head."
Clinton: "I was so devastated and it was incredibly painful and it took weeks of just getting up every day, cleaning closets, going for..."
Clinton on why she wrote book so soon: "Actually, it was my therapy, to be really clear."
At Warner Theatre in Washington. Hillary Clinton enters to standing ovation and prolonged cheers. She smiles and waves.
Spotted on Wisconsin Avenue in Tenleytown just after 7pm: Kellyanne Conway and husband walking fast.
'How will history judge the Trump presidency?' Six scholars in Vanity Fair: https://t.co/MOEcUVOl3I
https://t.co/gI9uDdRH96
View from the National Gallery of Art, Washington. https://t.co/Ovp2MOvEQB