My thoughts are “If Russia wants Syria than let them have Syria!” Its been nothing but trouble for US for a very long time.
I don’t mind letting wealthy people paying hundreds of thousand of dollars less in taxes so I can pay a hundreds to a few thousand dollars less in taxes.
Removing the personal mandate would give people the CHOICE to not buy health insurance, but the media, and Democrats are always saying people would loose healthcare insurance, but there is a difference!
We see fake news, then we over react to fake news, social media Isn't the place for real news I found out!
Wow! @Verizon went unlimited data!! OMG!! The best network with unlimited data! This is what awesome looks like!❤️
@verizon I have been waiting for this for a long time.
RT @LucidVibezz: Good people are like candles;they burn themselves up to give others light
The USA is the land of opportunity because we made it that way, why can't other countries be made the same by there people?
The USA is a great nation, when it breaks we fix it, why can't other nations peoples fix there broken countries instead of come to the USA?
My heart goes to Donald Trump, he's working so hard to fix America, but the Democrats keep working to keep it broken!
California leaving the union would save billions in federal funds the US could use for more important issues like making America great again
California succeeding from the US would be good, they can accept all refugees &amp; anarchists &amp; loose there liberal leaning electoral votes!
Liberals claim freedom of speech so they can burn flags and protest, but they'll beat you if you have a different point of view from there's
Our President is working very hard so we can be independent, and not rely on foreign energy sources, but provide OUR own energy!
U.S. Immigration must be controlled, one cant just sneak in, and take, there is a process to entry, working,&amp; having the right to live here!
I trust our President, he loves America, and wants to help her back to prosperity, and safety.
Our President is working very hard to protect us from foreign invaders that would bring terrorism to our shores, its not easy. I'm sorry!
Our President is working very hard so we can see upon the things we buy, Made In the U.S.A. again! We want to make our own things for us!
Most Americans want freedom from socialism, we strive to be independent, We like to take care of ourselves, and our families!
American is different from the rest of the world, that is why its so successful, it is a special kind of freedom only the US Understands!
Republicans don't protest when a Dem was elected president ever, or whine, or cry, they just go back to work and adjust, They have spines.
I think I turned off email notification from my twitter :) So I can add you all back, sorry for the inconvenience!
@Sandielolo I use the app, maybe a way using the website.
I'm looking for a way to turn off twitter from sending tweets to my email box.
RT @TheTrumpLady: Starting 2017 Off Optimistic	Luv Trump's Can-Do Spirit!	After 8 Horrific Obama Yrs	I'm More Than Ready 	To Revive America…
@thehill cry baby go home.
Happy new year! This will be great year!! Obama bye bye! No Hilary, bye Obamacare! America great again!
Ok so the Russians helped Trump get into power? And he wants more nukes? It don't make sense. All the reaction to what is said is silly.
I'm so happy! The good guys won, now Trump is appointing his team with wonderful people that will bring back American propperity again!
Yes! Happy thanksgiving all! I love you!
Why did Hillary Clinton loose? Dems	Forced Unaffordable healthcare,	Imposed Harsh regulations on business,	Socialism, political correctness.
RT @Sandielolo: We should repeal the part of Obamacare that requires all must Carry health insurance or pay a penalty &amp; keep the other part…
America, U.S.A. Means Personal freedoms, opportunity, self reliance, and prosperity, not leftist progressive socialist values!
Obama and the Dems failed the people by forcing socialism on the American people, it may work for Europe, but not for America!
A few hundred years ago people rode on wooden ships to America to seek a free way of life, socialism isn't how America works.
Why did Trump win? The Dems	Forced Unaffordable healthcare,	Imposed Harsh regulations on business,	Socialism, political correctness &amp; more.
RT @buca22: Why is it when democrats in Washington lose. They want to change the rules #cantwintakemyballhome.
We should repeal the part of Obamacare that requires all must Carry health insurance or pay a penalty &amp; keep the other parts for now.
Donald trump = an America of freedom, &amp; self reliance with opportunity instead of hand outs and less government control of the people!
The democrat protesters disturbing the peace, vandalism, &amp; burning U.S. flags are only showing there true colors. https://t.co/HB4aqJWE9Q
So proud of Trump! You saved us from progressive policies! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
I'm so happy that Trump was elected, bye Obamacare, gun control, and political correctness!!
I think if twitter wants to be more popular, it should allow more than 140 characters in the posts.
Why do green products and green energy cost so much more than normal products ?
Voting for Hilary  just because she's a woman is like eating a turd because it looks like a tootsie roll .
Did the libs in Flint MI really think they would save money by supplying  the  residents  with lead tainted water?
RT @VTSandsman: Themes at Virginia Workforce Conf: Pre-K, immigration reform, entrepreneurship, applied learning, deep partnerships. http:/…
RT @FSView: Our story on @JuanSaaa, an undocumented FSU graduate who is fighting for immigration reform: http://t.co/FMraZKd497 http://t.co…
RT @americasvoice: It's our very own @JuanSaaa! "An undocumented FSU Grad's fight for immigration reform." http://t.co/KnLcY4dGm2
RT @chifightfor15: Tell Trump we need immigration reform, racial equity, &amp; fair wages, not racism. Sign up here: https://t.co/HCiM2O4e3n ht…
Emigrants don't want a hand out, they just want a chance and some opportunity.
When have you last seen a newly immigrated person standing on a freeway off ramp begging for money?	You haven't, he,s looking for a job.
Remember that everyone in the US came from families, or themselves  emigrated here seeking freedom from oppression.	We should share.
Public schools in the US are teaching our kids that when the water has went down the drain it is gone forever?
Rest in peace Spock,   Now you are free to boldly go where no man has gone before.
RT @SenTedCruz: More innovation. Less stagnation. #DontMessWithTheNet! http://t.co/zFUHjCcWmW
Happy days are here again!
Obama will.spend $3BN to process the illeagles, but would have been less to had built a fence, and enforced existing immagration laws.
You've read how veterans waited	For the VA run by the government so long they died. Now think how we may wait for Obamacare till we die.
You all see what is happening with the VA that is a government agency, so this must be the future for us with Obamacare.
The Ukrainian people are fighting a  battle against communism, they had it once before, and don't want it back (can't say I blame them.
RT @OCAmericans: Howard Stern says “I will never vote Democrat again, they are Communists.”	#tcot http://t.co/wxXONqC1fL
RT @AppSame: Twitter Blocks Support of Phil Robertson OK now we know if your White have an opinion then you are EVIL Hate speech is OK agai…
If the affordable health care law is so good. Why don't the Congress people who voted it in want it?
So, what is the point of gov' health insurance that is cheap and subsidized if the poor can't afford the copay or deductibles?
@sprintcare When will we get our 4.3 update for our Samsung galaxy note 2 phones? Mine is still gas 4.1.2
Hey! Invest in China baby products manufacturers because Chinese can now have 2 kids per familt!
Obama care was broken from the start. It's just a start towards total government health care provider through taxes, no choice for us.
Obama didn't read Obama care, says we keep our plans, Lies. Nancy Pelosi didn't read it, says lets vote it In and see how great it is, lies.
Ok this...Obama sCare.
Let's coin the term, Obama care scare, or Obama scare care!
RT @HeyTammyBruce: Obamacare shock: $12,600 deductible, 40 percent co-pay, zero competition http://t.co/c8Nb7CkjI4
If Obama care is so good, why did they have to shove it down our throats, and why is Congress exempt from it? Makes no scense.
The price of gold &amp; silver seem to follow peoples confidence &amp; trust in the world economy. Bad= higher,  Good= lower price in trend.
DOW's worst day this year caused by high taxes, too much regulation, bigger government.
RT @brenmarlowe: Affordable Healthcare Coverage may be unaffordable for low-wage workers: http://t.co/yQ77FERnT3  via @STLtoday
RT @DarenSorenson: Q: What kind of healthcare requires you to carry a $2000 deductible to be affordable?		A: Obamacare		#fail
RT @jimgeraghty: AP: "It's called the Affordable Care Act, but Obama's health care law may turn out to be unaffordable for many low-wage wo…
When we go green, is it the color of the extra green money we spend on the products, or are they really better for the environment?
Are green products really better for the environment or just costs us more money?
5 years of Obama, is life better, easier, or more comfortable?
4 out of 10 ears of corn go into the production of ethanol.
If the day starts to go bad, don't react badly to the event, bless the event with love and the rest of the day will get better!
People talk about winning the lottery &amp; how much better life will be, but we win every day when we get a new day to live &amp; play life again.
Sad 2 think all the uber news reports &amp; hype will inspire another crazy 2 set another bomb @ another event someplace.
The news media should be held accountable for school shootings too because of the sensationalistic reporting that causes more of them.
The Anarchists fight against war by using real bombs? Fighting against war is war! You sum dums
RT @LawAttractionPl: HAPPY 2013! Thank you, thank you, thank you for all our Wishes Already Fulfilled!
RT @LawAttractionPl: THE TRUTH ABOUT GRATITUDE (THE SECRET). Enjoy it on http://t.co/6pp2mS27
Merry Christmas to all my sweet followers. I love you all!
Did you know that country's who ban guns from citizens have more gun crimes?
The goons who shoot up schools and movie theaters is sad for the victims. The Shooters  knew it was likely nobody else had guns there.
They voted for Obama, job cuts, higher taxes,  less money, entitlements, &amp; poorer people. Why?
Higher Taxes &amp; Obama care = more people on part time = less money earned &amp; spent = less money &amp; more unemployment, more lay offs.
Remember that if the rich are taxed too high they simply lower there income, and the rest of us suffer because they invest less = less jobs.
Citibank cutting 11K jobs to get ready for higher taxes on them and on there customers and Obama care implementation.
I bought tennis shoes that were made from recycled pop bottles from US pop bottles that were recycled and made into shoes in china.
I think the Green in green energy and green products is the green of the extra money we must pay than the non green energy &amp; products.
Why does green products, and green energy cost so much more than regularly harvested, drilled, and mined for products?
RT @HeyTammyBruce: "The problem is not that the Bush tax rates are too low, but that Obama's spending is too high." --&gt; http://t.co/y ...
RT @RomneyCentral: Tomorrow is the big day! Retweet if you're ready for a Romney-Ryan victory. #RefreshingChange
Seen a man on a street corner with a sign saying "Please vote for MIT Romney! I'm tired of working for minimum wage.
I have never seen where higher taxes means more sustainable jobs.
State and government jobs? Sure but how is that sustainable to the economy?
Democrats like higher taxes, more regulations, more control on people's lives, those things can't mean more jobs, how can more taxes = jobs?
"@USATODAY: Obama attacks Romney 'honesty' on policies http://t.co/EAF22s5a"he attacks after the debate with His trusty teleprompter.
Obama is a puppet president. Without his teleprompter, speech writers, and lib news media protection, he's empty.
@HerreraBeutler I ask that you please support IRFA for Fair net radio.
RT @Miller51550: Obama is ONLY CHRISTIAN for the ELECTION? IObama’s pretense to Christianity http://t.co/GFoO5rGp
So the Chevy volt does not cost $80k to make and sells for $40k, but they don't make them anymore because people aren't buying them, fail!
The Chevy Volt has become GM's Edsel.
RT @FoxCarReport: Is GM really losing $49G on every Volt? http://t.co/WerxPhTX
Why buy a Chevy Volt for $40k when a Prius costs from $19k ?
Some people think that corporations should be banned from making profit, but if that were true there would be no reason for the corp.
A vote for Obama is a vote for poverty.
RT @MaxMagnet1: Watch the signs. Whenever a Liberal says that Romney made a mistake with Ryan, it really means Romney did the right thin ...
Overheard guy in a cafe saying to a friend he voted for Obama in '08 and will again this year. I said "fall in same hole twice in a row."
Re-electing Obama means more good for us like unemployment, higher national debt, unaffordable fuel prices, and free contraception!
It's not the job of government to create jobs! It's the governments job to protect the pathway for businesses to create products+money+jobs.
Less taxes on our investors, and fewer regulations on our businesses lead to more jobs, and more tax payers.
I vote for candidates who protect my   freedom, liberty, self reliance, and my profits to build wealth for my family.
When Ron Paul criticizes  Romney, it helps Obama get re-elected, it can't get Ron elected. I'd rather not have Obama for 4 more years.
RT @heatherhwong: Don't like shared data plans on your phone? Phone plans are complex enough. Let's just stick w/ unlimited. http://t.co ...
More @ higher taxes don't create jobs.
Romney knows how to make money, knows how America makes money, support the wealthy who invest in corps, don't over tax our job creators.
I don't want 4 more years of no choices.
Wait! Under Obama &amp; the Dems we didn't get to choose the things they forced us to have, and they choose for us without any say so from US.
I won't buy an electric car that won't get over 100 miles per charge.
Umm. How am I going to pay for Obamacare if I don't have a job that pays enough to pay rent, bills, and national health care of  $1200. Mo.
Liberals are against showing ID to vote because there dead friends won't be able to vote.
O.P.E.C. rewards Obama by boosting oil production because they like how he prevents the U.S. from producing our own oil, nat-gas, and coal.
RT @CraigJCasey: Since #Obamacare is a tax bill, it was not lawfully passed by both house &amp; senate!  http://t.co/czAf1det
RT @Heritage: Did you miss our response to the #SCOTUS ruling yesterday? Check it out (with exclusive video) HERE: http://t.co/Ol26B7kZ
Well, proof that the Democrats in Congress &amp; the Supreme court will lie &amp; cheat the public is when when a "not a tax" becomes a tax.
After the socialists win France who vow reforms, will they one day in the future  build a wall around the country to keep the people in?
RT @Windows: The Windows 8 Release Preview has arrived! http://t.co/8nx7qtfr #Windows8
Have you ever tried to start a new small   business in America today? Its almost imposable.
People forget why communism is so bad, they forget all the people who died in Germany trying to escape it at the Berlin wall.
Obama awards s congressional medal of freedom to a Marxist sympashiser ? They forgot what the award stands for. &gt;_&lt;
Of course voting for democrats means they give out entitlements to those who deserve it, but they chose who, and how little to give.
RT @EmilyMiller: Honeywell CEO on nation's debt - if you spent $1 million every day since Jesus Christ was born, it wouldn't add up to $ ...
Hey! Voting for Democrats means higher taxes, less jobs.
RT @Miller51550: When Pelosi Says 'Free,' Reach for Your Wallet - Debra J. Saunders - Townhall Conservative Columnists http://t.co/Akjqx ...
RT @Miller51550: Big GOVT. telling YOU what to Eat, Drink?No More Big Gulps: New York City to Ban Sale of Large Sodas &amp; Sugared Drin ...
A corporation does not exist to create jobs, they create jobs when they realize a profit, taxes &amp; regulations cut profit &amp; cut job creation.
Name one thriving country that has anarchy as its form of government.
The generation born today may be the only generation where the times we grew up in were better then there's.
OMG France! what are you thinking? Now your going to be like Greece, and drag the rest of Europe down with you!
The liberals plan to save water by banning private swimming pools? I'd believe it.
There is NO other choices, its Romney  or Obama so pick well! I won't pick Obama, I see where he wants to take the country, and its not good
RT @HeraMing: #IWishYouKnew how #STUPID you look taking part in an #UPRISING in the FREEST country in human history! #DUH
The Ocupy movement people should live a year in Cuba or China first before trying to get us to change our great system of doing business!
RT @edonn84: RT @Sandielolo The people in the Occupy movement should live at least a year in North Korea than come back and tell US we a ...
The people in the Occupy movement should live at least a year in North Korea than come back and tell US we are doing it wrong.
The US Gov says. drive hybrid &amp; electric cars to save us $, but states charge higher fees for those cars to pay for roads. Wheres the save?
The US Gov wants us to use less water &amp; energy to save money. But the water &amp; energy Companys will  need a rate hike to offset the saveings.
Progressivs and socialisum forces people into government control by dependancy on the gov through removing the money from the people.
@CraigJCasey Foodstamps and other government handouts along with Obama's poor economy are his plan to keep people dependant on the gov.
Santorum campaigns against Romney, but Romney is running for President. I think to Santorum, its personal somehow.
I wonder if the news media has "How do we scare them this week meetings?"
Why do we let the media pull scare tactics like Bird Flu, H1N1, and Pink Slime to scare us into buying, not buying, &  getting flu shots?
Who coined the term Pink Slime in order to scare people about a product that's been part of ground beef for years?
RT @HeraMing: There is nothing extreme or wrong with some1 wanting 2 keep their own money. #Obamacare makes our money property of govt.  ...
Maybe if the Democrats actually read the Obamacare bill to make sure it was constitutional before ramming it down our throats?
The US pays less per gallon of gasoline because of the tax breaks to big oil, if Obama ends those, the more we pay for fuel.
Obama wants to end tax breaks to big oil, that would only make fuel prices go up even more as the tax breaks are passed down to the pump.
Do you ever wake up in the middle of the night so thirsty you can't get enough water only to go Pee once you get to sleep?
RT @midlifechick: Let's don't destroy our nominee, whomever it may be. Don't let the media do that to us. #WethePeople
@SamsungMobileUS I seen the Samsung note, awsome! But AT&T is not awsome, I'll wait for something like it is available from @sprint.
RT @Miller51550: DESTROYING 'ENEMY MATERIALS' IS WRONG? Obama apologizes for Koran burning incident in Afghanistan « Hot Air http://t.co ...
A bullet train to nowhere won't save the planet.
Give a man money, and he will come back for more, teach him how to make money, and you get a counterfeiter.
Obama told us he wanted gas prices to go up, he blocked the pipeline from Canada, and drilling in the gulf. Welcome to $5.00 a gallon gas!
The media reporting bad things about Mit, Newt, and the other Repunlicans, but no matter who of them you vote for is 500% better than Obama.
Don't punish achievement by raising taxes, and blocking deductions from ones who invest.
You can't tax the country into prosperity.
I see that Obamacare, PITA, and the EPA are said to save the water air and creatures of the world, also take away freedom, and human rights.
I seen the Samsung note, I want one, but not AT&T. Waiting for it to come to Sprint.
RT @Miller51550: OBAMA LEAVING US DEFENSELESS AS HE CREATES WELFARE SOCIETY!  The Obama Defense Strategy Is To Have Less Defense http:// ...
RT @JoinTeamPaul: If you have time please call Fox Media Relations 212-301-3608 & let them know you want Freedom Watch back on the air # ...
RT @EmilyMiller: This sticker is going right on my bumper! Found it @2ndamendmentfdn at CPAC. http://t.co/FCzl2BOa
RT @rushlimbaugh: Are We Stupid Enough to Reelect Obama?: CALLER: Obama's got a 48% approval rating.  Who are these people?  What ... ht ...
RT @AnonyOps: If we can't communicate, we can't organize. If we can't organize, we can't resist. If we can't resist, we will be slaves.  ...
Obama tells businesses to bring jobs home, while after bailing out GM they may send Chevy Volt production to China??
RT @Lyn_Sue: After Receiving Bailout, GM May Move Volt Production to China http://t.co/WlwGYyXV via @theblaze
RT @Reuters: Obama to businesses: Bring jobs home http://t.co/FxXmxs3O
RT @CraigJCasey: @Freedom4USnow Joe, great tweets, Illegals don't pay Obamacare penalties yet millions get free healthcare, no ID requir ...
Have rice cakes today, yummy!
It is time for a woman to be president! Preferably a conservative woman.
If you want to see what its like to have no so called corp greed, than look at Cuba and North Korea, they have little money, and no internet
The millionaires and billionaires pay way more than there fair share, they create jobs, and give a lot of money to charity.
Merry Christmas everyone!
Now that the troops have gone home from iraq, al-Qaida will probibly take over and give us another unfriendly oil supplier.
If there was a holidays version of the Android OS would it be called EggNog ?
I hope others realize the democrats, progressive, and socialists seek to force Americans to be totaly dependant on the government.
RT @Freedom4USnow: If you don't have enough in your life then get to work! Do NOT ask the government to take from others to give it to you.
RT @FriggnImmy: North Korea is releasing videos of crowds crying over Il's death.  Never have I seen such a tremendous demonstration of  ...
The dems block the Keystone pipeline, and block drilling for oil everywhere to keep us paying more for energy, and dependant.
Good ridince Kim Jong-Il, may you rot in heck!
I know what I seen. Since Carter,Every time Democrats are the majority, taxes go up, jobs go down, life gets harder for the working class.
The oil pipeline Obama and Democrats don't like, seem to offer us cheeper energy from a country who is our friend. It's senseless.
Vote for democrats! they offer no fuel for your car, or to heat your home, no job to earn a living, and health care you can't afford. Yay!
The Occupy Wall street crowd seem to be against any kind of business no matter if the owner or business itself seems greedy or not.
RT @Wellington_Beam: 500 miles for the Doctor http://t.co/I35PORPr
RT @RealityKnocks: "Instead of Pres Obama's strategy of creating jobs ... good for the environment, we need an... environment that is go ...
4 more years of Obama should pretty much finish us off.
RT @ChristineOD: When people get paid to show up for Occupy Wall Street does it count towards Obama's "job creation" numbers? #TCOT
dick durbin and dodd franks seem to have the magic pens to write rules for our banks wasn't it them who caused the economy to buckle in '08?
The government taxing the people, ritch or poor won't create a single private sector self sustainable job.
Guns in colleges and universities? I think if just the professors and staff could carry, the studant at VA	 tach would have not killed many.
#ipadtodayfree me too.
#ipadtodayfree I want one too .
RT @HeraMing: We all want a piece of the pie. Problem is those too lazy to cook want to destroy bakeries for one day's inventory. Then e ...
RT @HeraMing: #clueless RT of the day: @TheCount234 "why did bush attack Iraq and not Norway or Ireland? Please tell me you know the ans ...
RT @HeraMing: "We're getting our taxes back!" -words from a female looter. Apparently they're so stupid they think stealing from TV stor ...
RT @Ben_Howe: Good quote someone left me on YouTube: "smartest socialist couldn't make socialism work, but dumbest capitalist could make ...
RT @USATODAY: Hiroshima marks 66th anniversary of atomic bombing http://usat.ly/o1DYJR
RT @HeraMing: It's not the fault of the rich that the poor don't have a piece of the pie. The rich got rich by making more pie.  #teaparty
RT @sprint: It seems everyone is saying they have the best unlimited plan. Here's the truth - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAKNjEi3Xao
RT @Freedom4USnow: Looks like the Senate democrats don't want to act responsibly on the budget and debt, HEY Washington... it's the peop ...
Don't believe the democrats as they try to scare seniors, and poor so they can raise taxes, and barrow more from China.
Give a man enough rope, and he will hang himself, Give a Progressive enough rope, and he will HANG US ALL!
There is No way to tax America Into prosperity.
The reason for less tax revenue are less working people paying taxes. Put people to work by less corporate regulation, and taxing investors.
It's a good thing the republicans took the house or there would be no way to stop the Dems from using the Chinese credit card to ruin.
He who is willing to give up his liberties for security will have nether.
Buying products with recycled content in it costs more than mining, cutting down forests, and processing them, why?
Let's vote.. higher taxes, over regulation, entitlements, no jobs, Obamacare vs freedom, less taxes, jobs. duh?
RT @Senate_GOPs: Sen. Rubio (@SenRubioPress): "I've never met a job creator looking for higher taxes and burdensome regulations." http:/ ...
RT @HeraMing: @NancyPelosi promoted bulb ban to lower energy prices. @BarackObama ran on platform of making electricity prices skyrocket ...
RT @RealityKnocks: "Socialism is a philosophy of failure and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery." Wi ...
RT @HeraMing: Passed thousands volumes of corp regulations, punish job creators w/taxes, created terrible uncertainly, yet tout job crea ...
RT @HeraMing: We want our children to be better off than we. Don't let their generation be seduced into dependency on #Medicare. End tax ...
RT @HeraMing: It seems "Progressive" means: More debt, fewer job, lower paying jobs, govt says what to buy, mfg base gone, no indiv libe ...
Sailing on Puget Sound, Nice weather, Cloudy, enough wind to push me along.	Wonderful day!
The millionaires and billionaires are under appreciated my this president, they invest in our companies so we can have jobs.
You get much less MPG from #ethanol than petroleum fuels.
4 out of 10 ears of corn go to produce ethanol .
Voting for conservative candidates will help stop over taxation, and over regulation.
@FriggnImmy. Child  to what kind of parents?
@HeraMing I love my sweet sleepyhead	HeraMing.
I hear that Sprint will be offering the IPhone 5 in December!
Sprint is the last bastion of unlimited mobile Internet, Sprint you rock!
Boating in pujet sound on a Sunday is very relaxing, that's what I'm doing now.
I might have to stay away from some of my friends so they can be with there friends and be happier without me there to make them unhappy.
Bright sunny partly cloudy day walking by the ocean.
All the fast food prices seem to be going up. I guess people need a raise.
Wow Jack in the box raised there prices one third more than they had before. Not good!
I like Asian dolls. http://t.co/ilySvQL
@FriggnImmy  You can't refer to yourself as anothers friend, you can only refer to them as your friend. They have to refer to you as thiers.
I win again on scrach lottery ticket.
Some people exclaim "Alone at last!" For me, I don't say that, its always a constant.
@FriggnImmy make an alt, don't let them know its you, be polite and friendly, don't let them know its you, be quiet, no gestures.
RT @TeamBachmann: As discussed on Good Morning America, I will not rest until #Obamacare is repealed. RT if you're with me http://t.co/0 ...
Over regulation, and raising taxes, is bad for the economy. The wealthy are where our jobs come from, you silly democrats.
I hope Michele Bachmann wins the presidential election in 2012 and un seats Obama.