Mark Wayne needs to support our president! Nichols is the man for the job!
I you support Trump, vote Jason Nichols!!! Let's unseat that libtard Mark Wayne Mullin.
@SaraBareilles I love you and the art you produce.  However, it's difficult to enjoy your work when the world is falling apart at the top and no one seems to want to do anything about it. 😟
@SenWarren I agree Ms. Warren.  But by that time the damage will have already been done.  We need to start removing the traitors NOW!
@SenatorLankford @garyeOK I am really glad that you are addressing Senate gridlock when you and your colleagues are raiding the Treasury for the top 1% no matter what it does to the country.
@SenSanders I can't believe that NONE of the Republican members of the Senate had the courage to acknowledge the will of their constituents and vote against this tax bill.
@annalangthorn Haven't had a chance to formally invite you but we are hoping you will be able to attend our Labor Day Parade and lunch.
@aprilwilson1231 I don't either, but I'm giving it a go.
@annalangthorn @tom_taton On the 20th of April - sent you an email.
@annalangthorn So when were you going to drop in and see us?
@RepScottInman He's Republican.
@CyndiMunson85 	It's  all part of the same problem. Increase our income - 5 percent production tax on Oil.
@katyperry How do I get permission to use "Roar" as the theme song for our 2017 Oklahoma State Democratic Party? tktaton@aol.com
REPORTERS - You are not the news. The people at the podium ARE the News. Please stop talking and let them speak.
@stevelackmeyer YES - I agree.  And the solution is to FOCUS on electing Democrats that will change it.
MSNBC - You didn't try to sabotage the RNC convention, why are you doing it to us?
OK MSNBC -  This is OUR day! Why are you and that blond Republican birch trying to  crap all over it?
Great talk, but to do something about it, we have to VOTE the people who put us here out of office! https://t.co/C5QLiKlDXY
@johnkeypm @VP @USNavy @nznavy Proud to be a US Navy Veteran.
@EmilyVirginOK Shouldn't have to get permission from another Republican governor to do what's right.
Just picked up the sample vials for water testing.
Having a great lunch at Steak n Shake
@jasonsparrow @TheDemocrats Based on WHAT? Bold words - No facts.
RT @POTUS: 44 men came home because Chuck Kettles believed that we leave no man behind. That's America at our best. https://t.co/UymO2AaRHg
@POTUS @USArmy So much heroism in real people.
@SenatorReid Don't know if that's true. Results seem to say something else.
@RepScottInman Labor Day still needs a fired up Minority Leader to speak!
Downloaded your trouble shooting for fuzzy printing - not printer wont print at all.
Going to have a showing of GASLAND on the 15th at the house.
Just bought a huge copier/printer.  Now we can have flyers on the fly!
Still gathering questions for our HD16 debate on June 6th
We support Bernie because we believe in his ideas.  Now we have to support the candidate that will put those ideas to work. Thank you Bernie
As hard as it is at times, as a member of the County Democratic leadership, my job is to bring the party together - not back a candidate.
Tried to speak for Richard Morrissette, who was still working on the floor of  @OKHouseofReps - couldn't come close.
Meeting went great last night. Lots of people - lots of ideas - lots of candidates, all saying that we need to turn Oklahoma BLUE!
@SarahKSilverman @dixiechicks This issue is the single most damning reason I will never forgive the Republicans and extremist conservatives.
Americans DON'T want more guns.
This is a DEMOCRATIC primary.  Why are they polling Republicans?
This is BS!!! Republicans holding the Democratic Debate?  20 min. 'till the debate and all you hear about are Rep. Candidates!!
@TheDemocrats When the Statue Of Liberty was dedicated, we didn't have religious extremists trying to infiltrate and kill our people.
When the Statue Of Liberty was dedicated, we didn't have religious extremists trying to kill our people. https://t.co/IHvgqAcW1J
When the Statue Of Liberty was dedicated, we didn't have religious extremists trying to infiltrate our boarders and kill our people.
Had a wonderful time at the Synar Achievement Awards last night.  So glad to be associated with such great people.
Finally, after trailing everyone in everything, OKLAHOMA IS NUMBER 1 . . . . . In earthquakes.  How pitiful can we get, Ms. Fallin?
@TheDemocrats Not really enamored with any of them.  Got something a little more dramatic?  Like maybe a flag and some color?
You haven't been watching FoxNews for the last 8 years, have you?	 https://t.co/JUkHJInSFa
The important people of Okmulgee County at the Democratic Convention http://t.co/fMDY9MVrAa
Having a "What To Do To Get These People Off Their Butts" get-together for Precinct 20 (Beggs) at our house.
Too bad it was messed up with all the automatic weapons fire from our neighbors
Wanted to spend some quality time with my honey on this beautiful evening.
Scott Inman proved again that "He IS the Kwisatz Haderach".
We voted to selectively include Independents in our primary candidate selection process. YEA!!!
@RepEmilyVirgin  You will definitely be featured in my report to the folks of OCDP.  You made a difference. Thank You. Steve would be proud.
I can safely say that, Yesterday, I was truly in the presence of greatness.
@OklaEarthquake I thought this was something worth following.  Sorry to have wasted your time.
Just about done with the new refrigerator alcove.  Step 1 in our 4 part kitchen renovation.
It's all just history repeating itself. The LGBT are the new Christians,  Christians are the new Romans and Republicans are the new lions
OK, that was confusing. In my search for Oklahoma Democrats, I stumbled upon Kennett Area Democrats with our logo - they're in PA. WTH
Trying to get things together for the Convention this Saturday.  Linda is out of the hospital and seems to be doing fine.  Wish us luck.
Working on precinct lists for my officers and getting ready for the convention in OKC.
Second meeting of the OCDP went GREAT.  A packed house, lively discussions, new people and a new determination.
2nd District Democratic Convention was really great.  The rain was refreshing and the people were inspiring. http://t.co/kwDCd5hatW
@JoeD4OK Glad to hear you're staying active. Let us know what we can do to help with any future political aspirations.
My honey is taking me out for a great birthday lunch.
Now, what I had planned for our precinct, we need to put in motion for the whole county.  Wish me luck.
Well so much for being precinct Chair.  They had to fire me so they could make County Vice-Chair.
Going to the Hard Rock for dinner.
Twenty years with the most wonderful woman I've ever had the honor of knowing.  And today celebrates the day she said "I DO".
@OkDemocrats I'll sacrifice the roads and bridges but not the kids.  PUT BACK THE MONEY THE OIL COMPANIES STOLE FROM OUR SCHOOLS.
Having a hard time getting precinct leader names into the state database but Dell and I are doing the best we can.  We SHALL prevail!!!
Really excited about seeing Deidre and our grand-daughter on Tue
Off to get paint.  Oh what an exciting day!
@voteforcathy Hi Cathy!  Mickey and I are picking our daughter up at the airport Tue. &amp; though we might come by &amp; see you @ Vito's for din
Just got appointed Precinct Chair for Precinct 20 in Okmulgee Democratic Party.  I'm jazzed.
@ThatOneKiki Just got one of these and decided to see if it worked.  Sure do miss hearing from you.