I hear that people need food safety literature in order to improve upon their lives.  I have two books on the internet "Prolonging True Lives," and "Food Safety is First," can provide plenty of food safety information to help all.  Please check these books on the web.
My new book "Food Safety is First," is now live and available on Amazon, Barnes &amp; Noble, Book A Million and on Powell's; along with "Prolonging True Lives,"  Please check. Books can be useful to family members and friends in the community.
I have a new book " Food Safety is First," is now live and available on Amazon and other providers.  The ebook will be available in three weeks.
"Food Safety is First "as my new book, provides excellent ideas on safe food handling, prepation, distribution, storage at home,  and at our food businesses.
All of us with diabetes should be able to benefit from same healthy foods that are good for our families.
Pre-diabetes:  When your blood sugar is higher than normal ( ask your doctor)  but not high enough to be classified as diabetes.
Pre- diabetes leads to type 2 diabetes.  There is normally no symptoms until your doctor diagnoses your blood sugar to be above normal level
Know how to take care of your legs, feet and hands to prevent amputations. Check "Prolonging True Lives," a new book on diabetes.
Do you know that we have 18 million people with diabetes that have been diagnosed and 15 million people  undiagnosed in USA alone?
At 40, check your blood sugar.  This I when you can start as prediabetic.  The body knows when you were born, even if you do not your age.
https://t.co/ZE7nYyBhmH
Have you checked "Prolonging True Lives," for more knowledge on diabetes.  Having this book in every home is a must.
My book Prolonging True Lives is now live on amazon.  Order your paperback copy.The e-book copy available next week.
Release day for Prolonging True Lives will be on Monday February 1st, 2016; to become live on amazon
The three types of diabetes are : Diabetes type1, Diabetes type 2 and the Gestational type.  Check Prolonging True Lives for more details.
Many people who have diabetes die from heart attacks, stroke  and other chronic diseases.  Therefore diabetes is a chronic disease.
Efforts and echos on all fronts to get the general public to get involved in protecting our food continues to get louder and stronger.
E.coli infection or contamination of any food item or product is mainly a personal hygiene practice problem with all food handlers involved.
Prolonging True Lives explains facts about diabetes, prevailance of diabetes in children, teenagers and adults and the consequences.
40 years old diabetic or prediabrtic overweight or obese with type 1 or 2 diabetes, Check text in Prolonging True Lives
Greater majority of diabetics are victims of heart attack and stroke at death.
Diabetes is the third largest killer in U S.  Diabetes can be part or a contributor to heart attack and stroke victim deaths in U s.
For diabetes and food safety issues in your home and family check  Varney Kanneh books on the internet/bookstores.
In the course of time diabetes will impact all of the body's organs..  Slowly degrade the kidneys eyes nerves and can lead to amputations
There is diabetes 1 (juvenile) diabetes 2 (adult type) now raging among obese children and gestational type observed during pregnancy.
18 million people have been diagnosed with diabetes in the U S alone. Another 15 million people may have diabetes not yet diagnosed in U S
Once one has been diagnosed with diabetes it cannot be cured. You can only manage to prevent and control in order to reduce conscequences.
To control diabetes and high blood pressure together we need an eating plan low in salt and sugar saturated fat and cholesterol.
When you have high blood pressure  coupled with diabetes you have increased risk for heart kidney problems and stroke Check my book.
As a diabetic I wrote a book on Diabetes called Prolonging True Lives to help all of us with the condition called diabetes
Please check my book Prolonging True Lives on Diabetes.
http://t.co/2MhKcz91c6