Post writers said during tour, we are in an industrial revolution of media. we feel a mix of terror and excitement about the future of news
CHLI interns toured the Washington Post today. Writers spoke candidly.  "We dont know if the Post newspaper will be around in 10 years."
CHLI interns last day in DC!
CHLI Executive Director Octavio Hinojosa was interviewed today for a youth engagement video for Voto Latino
Congressman Henry Cuellar of Texas is new Vice-Chairman of CHLI. Press Release: http://tinyurl.com/nyyp6y
Friday's conference had heated debate on Honduras political crisis.  Press release: http://tinyurl.com/lkpn4s
CHLI interns cheering on local Hispanic teams in Street Soccer DC tournament at LaSalle Community Center in NE
CHLI received some good coverage of its Conference yesterday:  http://tinyurl.com/manaf9
CHLI interns learning about editorial process at The Hill newspaper
Panelists and participants at CHLI conf in spirited discussion about Honduras situation
El Salvador is key in Central Am region, US should follow the country for security reasons, says Roger Noriega, AEI
It was a mistake for OAS to jump to suspend Honduras with in 72 hours of change in govt, says Peter Hakim
Drug policy has reached a deadend in the Hemisphere, says peter hakim at CHLI conf
Grouping LatAm countries & leaders does disservice to differences of each country and todays dialogue, says Student conf participant
Why is nothing being done to correct violations to democracy in Ecuador, Venezuela, Nicaragua, Bolivia? No census, says Peter Hakim, Int ...
Trend in Latinam region for govts to label civil society orgs as threats to security, says Viviana Giacaman, Freedom House
Education, justice, health are human rights for all, says Hon Esteban Bullrich, Argentine chamber of deputies
What legal basis does US govt have to say it was military coup in Honduras? Asks Rep Mario Diaz-Balart at CHLI conf
Youth in Latin America say biggest resource lacking is info on ways to get involved in development, says Fabian Koss, IADB
Young people are part of solution in development process. IADB created Agents of Change and sports program with FIFA and Nike, says Fabi ...
This generation of Hispanics will compete with vast Asian economies, says Hector Romero of Grupo Salinas Mexico
There are fundamental benefits to economic integration in Americas, but is risky topic these days due to recession, says Rep Albio Sires, NJ
50% of US pop growth from Hispanics, says Rep Henry Cuellar, CHLI Vice Chair
CHLI inspires and prepares young Hispanic leaders for future challenges says Rep Ros-Lehtinen FL
Hondurans saw threat to democracy in Zelaya..no  military coup took place said  Rep Mike Pence at CHLI conference
Conference opening session beginning
Heading to US capitol visitor center!
CHLI Future Leaders Conference to start in 2 hours!  Six members of Congress joining us (press release) http://tinyurl.com/ns4oh9
Six Members of Congress to Participate in CHLI Future Leaders Annual Conference:
Join us tomorrow for our conf on democracy in Latin America in DC...we have a stellar speaker line-up. http://tinyurl.com/knqla5
CHLI ED is being interviewed now by Voice of America Latin America regarding its event on the future of democracy in Latin America 7/17/09
This afternoon, CHLI ED Octavio Hinojosa will address Hispanic leadership in the US to visiting law students from Spain
Blanca Moreno-Dodson, Senior Economist Poverty Reduction and Economic Management, The World Bank confirmed for CHLI Future Leaders Conf
Peter Hakim, President, The Inter-American Dialogue confirmed for Panel 2 of the CHLI Future Leaders Conference on Latin America
Happy Birthday today to our Executive Director, Octavio Hinojosa!
CHLI interns just finished a Media Training in the TV studio at the RNC. They are pros!
Confirmed for 7/17 Event: Hon. Esteban Bullrich, Argentina Chamber of Deputies and Hon. Roger Noriega, American Enterprise Institute
Confirming final speaker list for the CHLI Future Leaders Conference on Democracy in Latin America on Friday, July 17, 2009
Tonight Don Gustavo de Aristegui, a member of Spain's parliament, will discuss current international events with student leaders
CHLI is pleased this week to host Mr. Gustavo Aristegui, a representative in the Spanish Parliament, and member of the Partido Popular.
What a great night!  Our summer interns are confident, professional and enthusiastic.  Thank you to all our friends for supporting them!
Tonight, we happy to host a reception on Capitol Hill for our latest class of Ford-CHLI interns!
Ok, we admit, we have been absent from Twitter for a few weeks...but now we're back!
5th Annual CHLI  Gala & Leadership Awards tomorrow!
Only 5 days til the Gala! We are very busy getting ready.
It's less than a week til our Gala!  We are very busy getting ready for it!
Only one week until our Fifth Annual Dinner and Leadership Awards! We are working hard on getting everything ready!
Visit our new CHLI YouTube page at: http://www.youtube.com/CHLInstitute
5th Annual CHLI Gala award recipients include his Excellency José María Aznar and the Honorable Robert Menendez. http://tinyurl.com/ce3y8t
is inviting you to come the 5th Annual CHLI Gala Dinner & Leadership Awards, May 13. More info on our website: http://tinyurl.com/ce3y8t
Getting ready for our 5th Annual CHLI Gala Dinner and Leadership Awards on May 13. Register and join us today at http://tinyurl.com/ce3y8t
The Congressional Hispanic Leadership Institute (CHLI) launches new Twitter page follow us @CHLInstitute and visit http://www.chli.org