This may be the most depressing story of the week. Thanks a lot @carolynyjohnson 	Weekend ‘catch-up sleep’ is a lie https://t.co/8XYPsFVu8K
@DougAndres @mikedebonis @pkcapitol @BrendanBuck @FdA Congrats Doug. We still miss you up here tho. Also you should walk to White Oak you would destroy your family members in the steps competition.
We still don’t know how he would actually vote tho. 	“I learned a long time ago in the United States Senate it’s not wise to announce how you will vote on a vote you may never have to take,” Alexander said.
Alexander told Frank he could ask questions but not argue with him. (Frank wasn’t really arguing.)	Then Alexander started to stomp off. But then he came back and courteously responded to other questions.
Lamar Alexander just gave a floor speech recommending other ways for Trump to build wall not using emergency declaration. Didn’t say how he would vote on disapproval resolution and got irritated when reporters (@frankthorp) pressed him. 	Said he doesn’t answer hypotheticals.
Schumer saying Trump “did the right thing” by walking away from deal in North Korea
Guess what there was another hearing today not that anybody noticed!	https://t.co/reqXBQM3hz
Cohen: "I am a nice guy."	Meadows: "The record reflects you're not a nice guy."
RT @pkcapitol: As Cohen hijinks start, my read on how House Rs are in herd mentality still. No course correction coming soon on immigration…
RT @seungminkim: News — @SenTomCotton is also raising questions about Neomi Rao, Trump’s pick to replace Kavanaugh on the D.C. circuit, sha…
The 13 Republicans who defected and voted with Dems on the disapproval resolution, per @pkcapitol in the House: 	Amash	Herrera Beutler	Fitzpatrick 	Stefanik	Johnson (SD)	Rooney (FL)	Hurd	Gallagher (Wis)	Massie	Walden	Sensebbrenner	Upton	McMorris Rodgers
13 Republicans voting with Dems on the disapproval resolution to overturn Trump border emergency declaration. 	Final 245-182
Pelosi: “Is your oath of office to Donald Trump or is your oath of office to the Constitution of the United States?”
@igorbobic Spoken like a true appropriations chairman
Debate now beginning in House on resolution to disapprove Trump national emergency declaration
McConnell, asked by @kasie if emergency declaration is legal, declines to say it is. Says that is being debated.
McConnell says there was a “very fulsome discussion” with Pence and DOJ lawyer over emergency declaration &amp; disapproval resolution. Says he can’t handicap results.
GOP Rep Mike Simpson, on what’s different now from exec overreach by Obama: 	“Nothing. I mean I’ll be real honest, if Obama had done this Republicans would be going nuts. That’s just the reality. Even if Obama had the authority to do it just like I think President Trump does.”
Republicans estimating 10 or so defections on today’s national emergency disapproval resolution vote
Handout distributed at House GOP conference this am https://t.co/YQya1YCvtc
House Dems holding newser with sign that says Terminate Trump’s Fake Emergency. 	Hoyer says tomorrow’s vote is not about the wall it’s about the Constitution.
@Patrick_C_Reis Couldn’t have done it without you
@pkcapitol @seungminkim You did succeed in getting out the word "sequester" tho. I'll try to forgive and forget while on vake.
Pelosi says that, if needed, she could have passed the bill with Dem votes alone (she was a couple short - 19 Dems voted no)	"Many of those would have been there if we'd needed their votes"
‘Off the rails’: Inside Trump’s attempt to claim victory in his border wall defeat -- Really great tick-tock by @costareports @rachaelmbade @jdawsey1 @seungminkim https://t.co/foOLPqeIhN
I was just wondering what I was going to do with my life with no more shutdowns to cover, but fortunately @seungminkim brought up the debt limit, which really revived my spirits
19 Dems voted no on the spending/budget deal: https://t.co/yH4qSoTGPh
@mikedebonis @SpeakerPelosi She got pretty close (213)
Big number for Pelosi https://t.co/cvRFTEWgd9
Wow -- 300-128, big vote for the spending deal/border bill in House
@seungminkim @rachaelmbade I actually just relocated to DC under somewhat mysterious circumstances, as you may have heard
House voting now on the spending deal/border bill!
@seungminkim @rachaelmbade Aw thanks sweetheart
RT @mikedebonis: A thumbnail guide to what's in the spending deal... https://t.co/oye3oMP2jc
Border/spending deal passes Senate 83-16
Cloture vote 84-15 on the border/budget deal in the Senate. 	Final passage vote under way now.
AND, after long voicing opposition to a national emergency declaration by the president to build the wall, McConnell says he will support the move.
WOW. After hours of limbo in Senate, McConnell suddenly appears on the floor -- interrupting Grassley, who snaps about it -- and says Trump will sign the spending/border bill and declare a national emergency.
Capito: “I think we’d know if he’s not going to sign it. I’m choosing to look at it that way.”
@JenniferShutt So far so good ...
Cornyn "incredulous" that Dems blocked VAWA extension in the spending bill. "It's shameful."		(The spin from D's is they want to work on a fuller reauthorization and the expiration doesn't have practical impact. And R's wouldn't agree to backpay for federal contractors)
And the bill passes by voice vote
Harris, Booker in colloquy on floor pushing for vote on anti-lynching bill
(I missed this as it happened -- h/t @APAndrewTaylor for catching it and for heads-up. Neither I - nor Andy who's been around a lot longer - has heard a senator amend the opening prayer like that.)
Grassley was presiding as the Senate came into session this am and a chaplain offered the prayer. 	When it was over Grassley said, from the chair: "Let's all pray that the president will have wisdom to sign the bill so government doesn't shut down."
McConnell, asked if he has the votes to pass the deal: “Sure, yeah.”	Anything definitive from Trump?: “They’re reviewing it, as they should. ... I’m hopeful he’ll sign it.”
Great background here on the border deal from @LACaldwellDC  —&gt;	https://t.co/KZHkiPTTTP
Approps Chair Nita Lowey holds spending/border bill just now. It’s now being filed in House. https://t.co/NYdACrbjzs
GOP Rep Tom Graves did not sign the conference report; GOP Rep Palazzo did, but said that before voting for it on floor he would like Trump to affirm his support
Conferees wrapping up the “viewing” where they look at the spending/border bill (or can do so if they choose). 	House about to reconvene so Lowey can file it. 	(However it looks quite heavy so not sure she’ll be carrying it onto floor herself as teased in earlier tweet ..)
@StevenTDennis Delete your account
@BresPolitico @seungminkim @LACaldwellDC @GarrettHaake @heatherscope In fairness it is Congress Thursday at least it better be
For some reason the press gallery is practically empty even though Nita Lowey is supposed to carry a bill into the House chamber sometime in the next three hours. 	I will aim to live-tweet this event as a public service.
House Judiciary Committee has passed a universal background checks gun bill on a party-line vote
Great lede by the great @pkcapitol: 	"This is what compromise looks like in the era of President Trump vs. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.): Success is an orphan, while failure continues to have many mothers and fathers." 	https://t.co/k0xErNc7ge
Because Republicans would not agree to the backpay for tens of thousands of federal contractors impacted by the last shutdown (as opposed to the 800,000 federal employees, who did get backpay) Dems opposed including other items, including the VAWA extension
Dem aides saying the failure to extend VAWA will have no practical impact, as grants will continue. They believe it will strengthen their hand as they try to pass a stronger stand-alone reauthorization.
The deal excludes backpay for federal contractors -- which Dems pushed for -- and also will not extend VAWA, per aides
Good news! House appropriators "hope to" file the border/spending deal before midnight
Sounds like appropriators aiming to file the spending deal this evening by around 7:30pm. Votes tomorrow will be late bc of the Dingell and Walter Jones funerals. (Possible the Senate could go first.) 	It will be a romantic Valentine's Day at the Capitol
“We have options that most people don’t understand” for building the wall, Trump says in spray with Colombian president, per pool
RT @GlennThrush: really good top-to-bottom analysis of the causes and implications of the Green New Deal and the Democratic shift to the le…
@rachaelmbade He’s referring to the ICE and CBP budgets combined as it turns out
@burgessev Can you please not rain on everyone's parade today Burgess, thanks
Trump: "When you add whatever I have to add, it’s all going to happen where we’re going to build a beautiful big strong wall."
Trump says "walls got bad names" because of how ugly the walls on the border have been, built by "past geniuses," but not the case with his walls he's building
Trump on deal:	“ I can’t say I'm happy. I can’t say I’m thrilled.”
Graves wanted the job @RepKayGranger got as top R on the House Appropriations Committee. Now undercutting the deal she helped strike. 	https://t.co/i26MzhZsiN
Hogan Gidley: "We don’t know what nuances are put on some of the stipulations. ...  I hate to tell ya I don’t know where we stand, but we don’t.”
WH spox Hogan Gidley on Fox, asked if Trump can support the deal: 	“We’re not sure yet, to be quite honest.”	“We haven’t seen that yet. We’ve heard some rumors, and we’ve seen some reports.”	“Until we actually see it, it’s very difficult to comment on it.”	h/t @WPJohnWagner
McConnell, on border deal: "I look forward to reviewing the full text as soon as possible and hope the Senate can act on this legislation in short order."
Rep @NitaLowey on CNN this am addressing conservative criticism on deal: “That probably confirms for me that it’s a good deal.”	“We didn’t call Sean Hannity. We didn’t call Coulter ...”
Why immigration detention beds are the new front in Trump border wall fight - @NickMiroff explains 	https://t.co/uPccdvNoac
Conservatives on the attack over this deal -- but immigrant advocates criticizing the outcome, too, saying it does not achieve a real decrease in ICE beds.	If the definition of a compromise is a deal no one likes ...
Despite the decrease in the statutory number of detention beds, other aides saying the agreement contains flexibility to reach Trump's requested level of 52,000 beds
Mark Meadows: "Serious threats ... go unaddressed by this deal.. ... Pass a long-term continuing resolution and keep negotiating. We must do better."
Trump says people were trying to brief him on the deal but he told them "I got to go, I don't even want to hear about it" because he wanted to get to the rally instead
The agreement reached tonight would include: 		-$1.375b for border barriers (55 new miles of bollard fencing)	-Dems drop call for new cap on ICE beds for detentions in interior	-Overall cap on detention beds drops from 49,057 to 40,520 		Per congressional official.
Shutdown conference committee announcing agreement in principle
RT @WaPoSean: It's quiet in the Capitol tonight, but there is a lot going on behind the scenes. 		Negotiators are now resuming talks aimed…
Shutdown negotiations are going to resume at 8 and continue into the night ... Shelby &amp; Leahy addressed reporters jointly a little while ago saying they want a deal tonight
Lowey: "How the government deals with ICE is a very important issue. And that's why the beds are so critical to this negotiation. Period."
Rep Lowey (D-NY) asked about McConnell's scathing criticism earlier saying Dems are trying to give criminals a get-out-of-jail card: 	"Well I've worked with Mitch McConnell and we've accomplished a lot together. I'm sorry that that is his interpretation."
Lowey (joking): "If they give me everything I want then there can be finality."		She and other leaders of shutdown conference committee left hour-and-a-half meeting saying they're trying to work through issues, meeting again at 6
@rachaelmbade @washingtonpost @JoshGottheimer @ElaineLuriaVA Great to have you on board @rachaelmbade! I definitely did not file any scoops while in orientation on my first day at the Post ...
Leaders of shutdown conference committee to meet this afternoon to try to salvage talks, per aide
Devastated by one shutdown, dreading the next https://t.co/uwnE60kjLT
RT @damianpaletta: Border talks have broken down, and chances of a shutdown have jumped.	1) Rift isn't over wall $$ anymore.	2) It's a figh…
"I’ll say 50-50 we get a deal," Shelby says on Fox.
"The specter of a shutdown is always out there" Shelby says.
Shelby: "I think the talks are stalled right now."
NEWS: Shutdown talks at impasse, per two people familiar. Story TK.
Smart @pkcapitol - Democrats struggle to answer for Virginia lieutenant governor after unified stand against Kavanaugh  https://t.co/OncezFQyID
Cost of border deployments could approach $1 billion by end of fiscal year - via @PaulSonne 	https://t.co/vkrwhaCwLm
Trump’s troop deployment strung ‘lethal’ razor wire on the border. This city has had enough. via @emrosenberg	https://t.co/cw42SpEprU
Dem Rep Roybal Allard, member of shutdown conf committee, says it's possible they end up with a deal that a sizable number of D's cannot support. 	Says it's unrealistic for D's to expect a deal with no $$ for physical barriers.
Shelby says Trump laid out “parameters” on what he can accept - wouldn’t say what they were but hopeful of deal by Monday
Pelosi response to Mulvaney comments on Hannity about moving $$ around to build wall w/out Congress: 	"That would not be a very good. It would not be a good idea to even try."
Shelby at White House NOW to meet with Trump on border/conf committee negotiations, per official
Per Cuellar, today’s briefers — in GOP-organized briefing - were defending Trump’s ask of $5.7b for wall.
Kay Granger flatly says the shutdown conference committee won’t get a deal this week - but still optimistic they can meet next week’s deadline
Dick Durbin comes out of conf committee briefing saying briefers said highest priority is technology to interdict drugs at border but they also tried to “rationalize” need for physical barriers
Also John Wagner, deputy executive assistant commissioner, Office of Field Operations, CBP
Briefers at this shutdown conf committee meeting: https://t.co/9Zyv7UW8zY
Hakeem Jeffries: “The best thing that can be said about the president’s speech is that it’s over.”	Trump “has left the building” and now we can get back to work, Jeffries says
Pelosi told members in caucus this morning that she had to “grind her teeth” during immigration portions of SOTU, per Dem in room
Nita Lowey on this morning’s border briefing with conf committee: 	“I think I know as much about walls as I ever want to know in my lifetime, I’ll leave it at that. But I am happily going to the briefing because Sen Shelby asked me to attend.”
Approps Chair Nita Lowey on whether she’s attending Mulvaney Camp David retreat: “Are you kidding? First of all, Mick Mulvaney would never invite me to a retreat.”
Pleased to announce that as the Designated Survivor of the WaPo Congress team, I’ll be leaving the Capitol shortly to watch the SOTU from an undisclosed location on my couch
Shutdown conferees claim to be making progress -- but they still don't know what Trump would agree to. Sen McConnell today: https://t.co/ctjbsme60L
Schumer, asked about Sanders’ alternate SOTU response: “Stacey Abrams is going to do a great job and she is just an amazing person ... and then every other member is free to do what they want.”
McConnell says he is “withholding judgment” on how he would vote if the Senate does take up a resolution overturning border wall emergency declaration
“We pray for them each night” McConnell says of shutdown conference committee
RT @amarimow: Sen. Ernst, a survivor of sexual assault, says she has not decided how she will vote on Neomi Rao's nomination to the D.C. Ci…
No 2 Senate Republican Thune wont commit to voting with Trump on border wall emergency declaration. Says he’d “have to think about it.”
Given potential for uproar from lawmakers if MilCon projects in their states are delayed to build wall , some Hill aides fear Trump could look first to MilCon accounts overseas that support NATO allies against Russia
Lawmakers fearing emergency declaration are maneuvering to protect their turf. Inhofe met with Trump to argue against tapping MilCon budget. Rick Scott sought assurances directly from Trump that Florida disaster aid wouldn’t be touched.
Congress braces for Trump diverting military construction money to build the wall - w ⁦@karoun⁩  https://t.co/7VqLTK1iNl
Oh good something to look forward to https://t.co/C5AFMvYwpW
RT @amarimow: Two years in, Trump’s appeals court confirmations are at a historic high point https://t.co/zZlTDCAxAZ
Congressional opposition could really build against nat'l emergency declaration as members identify projects in their districts that could be targeted for funding. https://t.co/mEsjEnVkCi
Heedless of government shutdown, zoo’s naked mole-rat pups became bigger https://t.co/AwHFPTeOqG
RT @cathleendecker: House Democrats dig in as the majority, with focus on agenda and Trump Via @PKCapitol https://t.co/smXf92OeDB
RT @WaPoSean: NEWS: McConnell cautioned Trump privately this week about the consequences of declaring a national emergency to build his bor…
68-23 in favor of McConnell amendment breaking with administration on Syria withdrawal
Trump: "If you go to Tijuana, and you take down that wall, you will have so many people coming into our country that Nancy Pelosi will be begging for a wall. She'll be begging for a wall. She will say, Mr. President, please, please give us a wall."
Trump: "I'm not saying this as a Republican. I'm not saying it as anything other than a fact-stater. Without a wall it just doesn't work."
Dems in both chambers have voted for physical barriers for years - including the existing CR. They’re in a different place now. 	 https://t.co/23p6aRl83A
“At the risk of repeating much of what has already said,” Rep Palazzo begins, but he goes ahead and repeats some things that have already been said
Dem Rep Cuellar is among the last to speak in shutdown conf committee - but unlike the others, he brought props! (Large photo of border , also of some invasive plant)
Cuellar - the one border state lawmaker on shutdown conf committee  - argues that border cities are among the safest. 	Makes his point by calling out crime stats in home states of other committee members (WVa, Tenn..)
There are 17 lawmakers on the shutdown conference committee, and they all feel the need to speak about how they have to work together etc
Graves continues in the “spirit of transparency” to ask Roybal-Allard when the House D proposal will be made public, remarking there are rumors of a draft ... She says it’s being finalized and “we’ll let you know”
GOP Rep Graves complains that the symbolism of holding the shutdown conference committee meeting in the basement of the Capitol “is not good symbolism”
In opening stmts, Dems Lowey and Leahy pointedly omit mention of physical barriers as part of border security; R’s Shelby and Granger mention barriers as part of larger solution.
Senators discuss weather while waiting for House members to arrive for shutdown conference committee (House is voting) https://t.co/comLtd1V2P
spotted at shutdown conference committee ⁦@JakeSherman⁩ &amp; ⁦@APAndrewTaylor⁩ (also Capito, Blunt, etc ) https://t.co/7kElxtFM68
Henry Cuellar (D-Texas), conference committee member: "My position is no" on any wall/barrier funding 	https://t.co/cNx1j5BH5r
OTOH, Nita Lowey - conf committee chair - refuses to say whether D's will support physical barriers of any kind. 	Says smart border security isn't overly reliant on physical barriers and they aren't cost-effective compared to technology, personnel. 	https://t.co/DgSybB2Fda
“It’s a good thing Mitch McConnell emerged from the witness protection program” House D Caucus Chair Hakeem Jeffries remarks
House Dem Caucus Chair Hakeem Jeffries says they “are willing to support fencing where it makes sense” if done in “an evidence-based fashion”
RT @edokeefe: Wise ⁦@pkcapitol⁩:		“In their first month in charge, House Democrats have flipped the adage from a Democratic favorite, the l…
‘Pelosi does not mess around’: Democratic speaker emerges triumphant from shutdown - via ⁦@mikedebonis⁩  https://t.co/qoittGleXj
Trump signs bill to open the government, ending the longest shutdown in history https://t.co/DsJvmwkeGa
RT @MCJalonick: WASHINGTON (AP) — Trump signs bill to temporarily reopen government, ending longest US shutdown but leaving border wall fig…
Our long national nightmare is over.  (Until three weeks from now) https://t.co/Ir70SLw0Qz
The House has now passed the CR to reopen government, sending it to Trump
Senate passes CR reopening government, and immediately adjourns.
Pelosi: "Our unity is our power, and that maybe is what the president underestimated."
Schumer: "No one should ever underestimate the Speaker, as Donald Trump has learned."
Pelosi and Schumer are not taking a gloating tone at their presser -- though they have every reason to
Rep. Dan Kildee (D-Mich), via @mikedebonis : "I've seen people go through fights and then take a victory lap. I've never seen a president go to the Rose Garden and take a defeat lap. That's what he did."
Schumer says Dems said all along that border issue should be separated from gov't funding issue. "This agreement endorses that position."
Sen Perdue says history will decide whether the shutdown achieved anything
White House spent a week shooting down this very deal, now Trump caves and accepts it
Kaine says airport news "ratchets up pressure tremendously" to get a deal to reopen government 		“I think both leaders are now saying, you know, we gotta do this for the good of the country. You may not be able to predict what the president will do but we have to act."
Background from Senate Dem aide: Dems are waiting to hear back from Sen McConnell about his talks with the White House
Tillis predicts vote today or soon to reopen gov't.	"I'd say today or over the weekend, if it is it's probably a consensus measure, I would guess it'd be a voice vote."	(But he says that whatever they pass would have to go back to the House)
McConnell has arrived at the Capitol. 	“We’re still working on it” he says on possible deal. 	Vote possible today? “We’ll let you know.”
‘Am I out of touch?’: Trump administration struggles to show empathy for workers.- via ⁦@PhilipRucker⁩ ⁦@damianpaletta⁩ ⁦@jdawsey1⁩  https://t.co/dm9UqfV5xA
RT @WaPoSean: FIREWORKS inside today's Senate GOP luncheon. 		“This is your fault,” Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) told Majority Leader Mitch Mc…
Manchin in full downer mode. "Right now government is the enemy of the people"
Isakson speaking on floor to remind everyone that shutdowns never produce anything good, and the Clinton shutdown got us Monica Lewinski. "Idle hands are never good."
Graham says he just spoke with Trump, told him they are uniting behind three-week CR, that the president explained some things he would need to do that, graham declines to say what they are , but says schumer and mcconnell discussing now	Graham has never felt more optimistic!
Around 16 senators, split between R's and R's, now in colloquy calling for three-week CR while they negotiate on border -- an idea WH has rejected in past
Predictably enough a bipartisan group of senators gathered to huddle on the floor immediately following failed votes: Warner, Murkowski, Gardner, Van Hollen, Portman
Three senators are not present and not voting today: Paul, Risch, Rosen
Evidently the tally sheet on the Trump bill vote was presented to @SenatorBraun -- who was in chair -- with the accurate figure on it, but he read it out wrong.
And that's 52-44 on the Dem CR -- which is two more than the Trump bill got
Romney aye! on Dem CR
The outcome of the vote on that Trump bill was announced incorrectly in the chamber. It was actually 50-47 (not 51-47)	Dem Manchin yes, R's Cotton and Lee no
- @AOC is in the house! (Which in this case is the Senate.)
Sen Shelby: "Is this the beginning of the end, or is it just the end of the beginning? We shall find out."
Ted Cruz responds to Bennet: "If you have the facts, you bang the facts. If you have the law, you bang the law. If you don't have either, you bang the table."		Also claims that he himself has never "bellowed" on the floor (tho he did once accuse McConnell of lying)
Bennet's now on to the deficit, created, he says, by people who called Barack Obama a "bolshevik and a socialist" 		But suddenly switches gears to how great the Denver airport is
"THIS IS A JOKE!!!!!" -- Michael Bennet	https://t.co/lxUHOv1DtL
Now Bennet is going after "The stupidest rule ever created, the Hastert rule, named after somebody who's in prison!" 	(Although Hastert actually released awhile back)
Sen Bennet is really going after bearded Ted Cruz on the floor, for having forced previous shutdown
Tried asking new Rep. Greg Pence (Mike Pence's brother) if he thought Trump would accept a $5.7b border package from Dems that doesn't have the wall, but he said: "I would have no idea what the president would do."	Said he himself would not support that.
McConnell tells reporters: "My hope is that we will pass the proposal that could be signed into law and solve the problem, and that we will not pass the alternative which does not have a chance of becoming law and solving the problem." 	Did not respond when asked next step.
!!	https://t.co/omOgOzensJ
@mikedebonis @Gabriel_Pogrund We miss you Gabe come back! Think of all the opportunities to cover great stories and lose your wallet
Senators hope defeat of dueling plans produces a solution to shutdown — a great ⁦@WaPoSean⁩ “debrief” ! https://t.co/sO4hfNVffi
RT @dcraiggordon: A powerful report from ⁦@JenniferJJacobs⁩  https://t.co/Ew0c4FLrKk
In case anyone’s confused about what’s happening in the Senate tomorrow, a handy chart from ⁦@jiwallner⁩ ! https://t.co/GtR69j4XYA
Trump earlier: "I think that Chuck Schumer sadly is dominated by the radical left and he's dominated by Nancy Pelosi: very strongly dominated, he can't move, he's a puppet, he's a puppet for Nancy Pelosi, if you can believe that."
Trump met w conservative leaders earlier where, per Tea Party Patriots' Jenny Beth Martin who attended, "he did allude to the fact more than one time that what we have now is not going to be the final bill."
RT @damianpaletta: NEWS: 	1) Mulvaney has asked agencies for list of high-impact programs that will be jeopardized if shutdown goes into Ma…
Here's the breakdown from House vote today on that CR they had to revote after R's failed to call for a recorded vote last week. 6 R yes votes; 1 D no vote (@AOC) https://t.co/ZDNiPQSGUq
McConnell talking on floor about the Covington incident, defending students and saying they were "tried, convicted and sentenced" by the media in a matter of hours, and were met by "a deluge of partisan hatred and vitriol"
Clyburn telling reporters Dems can support Trump's $5.7b figure -- but only for "smart wall" measures like sensors, drones, refitted ports of entry -- and only if gov't opens first. 	He's describing letter leaders drafting to trump.
Around the globe, Trump’s style is inspiring imitators and unleashing dark impulses https://t.co/r9ieG4nU5Z
RT @seungminkim: https://t.co/1wK1q7UtrY
‘Knock them in the teeth.’ How Trump turns crises into leverage. Via ⁦@damianpaletta⁩ ⁦@jdawsey1⁩  https://t.co/ef7C0b9PMa
Hundreds of IRS employees are skipping work. That could delay tax refunds. - great scoop from ⁦@DPAQreport⁩ ⁦@Reinlwapo⁩ ⁦@JStein_WaPo⁩ ⁦@kimberlykindy⁩  https://t.co/uVu2AHpCTm
Both will almost certainly fail ... and then what?	https://t.co/cfLP3o9ozx
Schumer: "Contrary to the president's claims, it hardly represents a softening of his position. If anything, it's even more radical."	"No one, no one, can call this new effort a compromise."
Schumer says that when Stephen Miller crafts the policy, you can be sure it's not a compromise. 	"The asylum changes are a poison pill if there ever was one."
Mark Meadows welcomed the new House D's "from someone who believes that you shouldn’t have to wait around to make an impact on this place.”		Kevin McCarthy said: “I’ve only heard the voice of the lady from Michigan using the MF and the other stuff, so I don’t want to be unjust."
ICYMI, our piece over the weekend on the new House Dem freshmen and their actions on the shutdown, featuring @JoeNeguse @LaurenUnderwood @AOC @RepSpanberger 	https://t.co/zdLXcuEZTr
If the asylum changes in this bill are as significant as immigration activists are saying , could undercut the GOP argument that this is a reasonable compromise Dems should support 	https://t.co/CiBDC4WYOG
@seungminkim @pkcapitol Yes but you still never taught me how to put Bitmojis on Twitter otherwise I would be sharing the joy with everyone not just those lucky enough to get text messages from me.
Schumer: “It was the President who singled-handedly took away DACA and TPS protections in the first place – offering some protections back in exchange for the wall is not a compromise but more hostage taking.”
Reminder that almost exactly a year ago Trump was talking pathway to citizenship for DACA recipients ... to where we are today 	https://t.co/EuGI8uoKTa
House Approps Chair @NitaLowey : 		"The President’s trade offer — temporary protections for some immigrants in exchange for a border wall boondoggle — is not acceptable. ... Reopen the government, pay our federal employees, and then negotiate."		So, back where we started.
After ending DACA, TPS, Trump offers to temporarily reinstate them as a "straightforward, fair, reasonable and commonsense" deal to get D's to reopen gov't -- along with $5.7b for wall
Trump says McConnell has pledged to bring his proposal to a vote this week
As shutdown drags on, Democrats’ massive class of newcomers makes its mark https://t.co/CnnS3JMe2K
According to Portman the bipartisan shutdown letter lives on! 	They are still collecting signatures but he says there are around 10 R's as of now.
Q: “The WH has denied the leak came from them.”	Pelosi: “I rest my case.” https://t.co/RP5C8Ge4pX
And it is now off. 	https://t.co/EKr174Alhi
Schiff says they have learned the administration's Davos trip is still on
Schiff calls Trump's decision to disclose Pelosi's travel plans to a war zone “completely and utterly irresponsible in every way”.	Says this has never happened before "in the annals of congressional history"
@mikedebonis @pkcapitol House Dem aide: "I don't know why we would have wanted it voiced, so it's not some sort of plot"
RT @SherylNYT: If you have not seen these fabulous portraits of the women of the 116th Congress you must. https://t.co/lJCYXLdTTo
One thing I don't understand about Pelosi is why she pronounces the word "contraband" like "contrabahhnd"
"Cross that bridge when we come to it" Pelosi says, asked what she would do if Trump tells her he wants to deliver SOTU on Jan 29 as agreed
"I'm not denying a platform at all" Pelosi says of Trump SOTU. Says let's find a date when government is open.
‘What have you got left?’: Ocasio-Cortez taunts GOP critics obsessing over her - read ⁦@eliseviebeck⁩ on ⁦@AOC⁩  https://t.co/DOJK0CjPSM
‘She wields the knife’: Pelosi moves to belittle and undercut Trump in shutdown fight - great piece by ⁦@pkcapitol⁩ ⁦@PhilipRucker⁩ ⁦@jdawsey1⁩  https://t.co/VZZN8F40Sy
@costareports @WPJohnWagner @mikedebonis @daveweigel @pkcapitol @seungminkim Apols to @daveweigel and @seungminkim for giving away the ending to “Waiting for Godot”
And now they are holding a press conference outside McConnell’s office. They are saying they ran on political activism and are now bringing it to Congress. https://t.co/vFLGjRJLNR
And now the House Dems - a smaller group including AOC, Katie Hill, Lauren Underwood- are heading to McConnell’s office in Russell to deliver their letter calling for votes to reopen government.
Sen Ernst, Fischer and others were doing a colloquy in support of March for Life as the House Dem freshmen tried to leave note for McConnell in chamber. 	“We hope they enjoyed our message of life” Ernst says
The House D freshmen are evidently now leaving a note on McConnell’s desk in the chamber
After being turned away from McConnell’s office for the second day running, House Dem freshmen now trying to find him on the Senate floor or Senate R cloakroom
Sen Kennedy (R-La.) asked if there's anything more McConnell could be doing to end the shutdown: "Pray."		He also dismissed the bipartisan idea of a short-term CR to end shutdown saying it will happen when "you look outside your window and see donkeys fly."
Both Graham and Manchin saying if Trump can’t agree to their idea of re-opening government with a short-term spending bill while negotiating on border, please just call a national emergency now
Senate Appropriations Chairman Richard Shelby likens current situation to the play Waiting for Godot. 	(Godot never comes ...)
@ktumulty "Breaks Old Precedent"!
RT @WashPostPR: There are fake print editions of The Washington Post being distributed around downtown DC, and we are aware of a website at…
"During those three weeks, we will make our best efforts following regular order in the appropriate committees and mark up bipartisan legislation relating to your request."	List of signers still a work in progress -- and top WH officials trying to tamp it down
NEWS: Bipartisan Senate letter to POTUS: 	"We respectfully request that you join us in supporting a short-term Continuing Resolution (CR) of three weeks to give Congress time to develop and vote on a bipartisan agreement that addresses your request."
@heatherscope How romantic
Meanwhile someone is handing out fake editions of the Post at Union Station shouting “Special Edition! Good news from the future!”	Subhed reads “Trump Hastily Departs White House, Ending Crisis”	She said the group behind it is Yes Men https://t.co/1Tip8SOi0p
@seungminkim It was probably my best birthday ever except for the one I spent at the House GOP retreat in Hershey Pa @pkcapitol
Freshman House Dems attempted to meet with McConnell in his Capitol office re shutdown just now. They were told he’s on the floor. They left a note for him to follow up and schedule a meeting.
Change of plans: They are heading into the Capitol	https://t.co/mCl2Dgl1G3
Freshman House Dems are holding a press conference outside the Capitol after which they will march to Mitch McConnell’s office and try to meet with him about ending the shutdown (but they are going to his office in Russell whereas he’s in the Capitol)
Meanwhile there are currently no more meetings scheduled of that bipartisan Senate shutdown gang and unclear if there will be
@sarahdwire Believe he was invited to a different meeting they’re trying to have tomorrow.
McConnell asked if the Senate might try to override a Trump veto to end shutdown: “Of course not.”		Says he believes Trump is in the right place on the issue.
Dem Freshmen announcing an "emergency press conference" in which they will march around the Capitol to the Senate and demand that the government be reopened. 		This is occurring outside so dress accordingly.
David Scott's ofc saying they never received invite 	https://t.co/j4w1Nr2Vdo
House Dem Caucus Chairman Hakeem Jeffries says members will make their own decisions regarding today’s WH meeting - but questions whether Trump’s objective is “to really solve this problem ... or to create a photo op.”
As of this tweeting it’s unclear which House Dems have been invited to the White House today - or whether any of them will go
Rep Katie Hill - one of the D freshman class president - says sentiment in freshman meeting this am was whoever invited to WH today should not go. They want to stay unified. 	Also question was asked who was going and no one acknowledged they were.
Rep Jim Cooper, senior Blue Dog member, says he was not invited to WH but that there were concerns expressed at mtg last night among those who were about going and being used as “props”
Murkowski, foloing Shutdown Gang mtg: 	"Well I think what’s important is to recognize that you’ve got a bipartisan group of folks that are very focused on forging a path through the wilderness."	And if Trump rejects efforts? 	"We’re not just going to sit back and do nothing."
First meeting of the Senate Shutdown Gang does not appear to have yielded much. 	Manchin: "I sat there for an hour and didn't know what the hell it was about."
Senators in attendance for new shutdown gang meeting include: Coons, Cardin, Gardner, Jones, Warner, Portman, Sinema, Graham, Tillis
Kyrsten Sinema is already a member of a Senate gang!
The House will be voting this week on two new continuing resolutions to reopen government -- one til Feb 1; the other til Feb 28 (covering all shutdown agencies including DHS). 	Aim is to up pressure on Trump, R's
Cornyn, asked by @WaPoSean if he's a member of the new Senate shutdown gang: "I've had some informal conversations. I'm not an official gang member. ... I haven't learned the secret handshake." 	#shutdowngang
NEWS: Wouldn't you know it there is a new Senate gang forming to address shutdown! w/ @damianpaletta @WaPoSean https://t.co/edTQK88PSj
McConnell suggests that if Pelosi thinks walls are immoral she should introduce a bill to destroy the existing fences and walls
The national emergency boomlet is deadzo, it appears. Trump this morning: 	"I'm not looking to call a national emergency. This is so simple you shouldn't have to. Now I have the absolute legal right to call it but I'm not looking to do that because this is too simple."
Trump on Dems and shutdown this am: "Many of them are saying we agree with you, many of them are calling and many of them are breaking."	(Unclear who) 	"The Republicans are rock solid."
Americans blame Trump and GOP much more than Democrats for shutdown, Post-ABC poll finds https://t.co/GMw8w3aHv5
RT @Phil_Mattingly: just a really great ⁦@pkcapitol⁩ weekend joint here:  https://t.co/MGXamtneI8
The shutdown tick-tock you’ve been waiting for! ⁦Via @costareports⁩ ⁦@PhilipRucker⁩ ⁦@jdawsey1⁩ ⁦@seungminkim⁩  https://t.co/fDbLLJkKVZ
As Trump eyes a potential national emergency, Democrats see a possible lawsuit https://t.co/c8IIb3l6kl
Good morning on Day 22 of the government shutdown - now the longest shutdown in U.S. history!
Yesterday Trump coined this "peachy-dory" term and today he suggests calling the border wall "peaches"... ... But why?
Boehner update fyi https://t.co/0TRznKpO9V
RT @Reinlwapo: EXCLUSIVE: How the powerful mortgage industry got a carveout from Trump political appointees in the shutdown w/@jstein_wapo:…
@seungminkim @myhlee That's fine, I've decided you multiple tab people are more to be pitied than judged
On Trump’s comments today suggesting no emergency declaration is imminent, Pelosi says: “Let’s give him time to think it through - Oh, think? Did I say think? - Lets see what happens next.”
Pelosi says there is interest in taking some action regarding Steve King but she’s not prepared to make any announcements
Pelosi: “I’m a mother of five, grandmother of nine - I know a temper tantrum when I see one.”
Trump at WH event, per pool, says he has the right to declare a nat'l emergency, 	but "I'm not going to do it so fast"  	"We want Congress to do its job"	"What we're not looking to do right now is national emergency."
@JakeSherman We’re also currently experiencing what seems like the longest colloquy every
RT @lbarronlopez: Freshman Rep. Joe Cunningham (D-SC) just tried to take a 6-pack of beer onto the House floor and was told that’s not allo…
Pelosi draws mild admonition in House after saying toward Trump: 	"Don’t you have confidence in your own ideas that you have to shut down government  ..."	Presiding, Rep Lisa Blunt Rochester: "Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the president."
Now on Craigslist, Facebook: Household items from furloughed workers trying to make ends meet- great piece by ⁦@taylormtelford⁩  https://t.co/gWkowauXUh
RT @mikedebonis: Shutdown crisis lunches toward possible national emergency declaration... W/ @ericawerner @jdawsey1 @seungminkim	https://t…
House has passed two more spending bills to reopen government. 	10 R's voted for the Ag spending bill. 	12 R's voted for the Transpo/HUD spending bill. 	Slightly higher defections than on past couple votes.
“I have never been more depressed about moving forward than right now. I just don’t see a pathway forward” Graham says on shutdown status.
Asked what’s next, Graham says he’s going to go see Ron Johnson on something and then go to the gym
Graham says he sees “no way forward” and talks are over
Shelby’s met with the Graham immigration group, but says: “I think we all share the goal it’s a question of how to get there. And we open a forum it just becomes a big circus. Unless the president signs onto our goals and Schumer and Pelosi, I think we’re wasting our time.”
Pence denied in pen&amp;pad he ever assured R senators that Trump would sign that CR without wall funding bill the Senate passed before Xmas- contrary to what some seem to think
In pen&amp;pad on Hill Pence threw cold water on talk of a DACA-for-wall deal, saying after SCOTUS rules will be time to revisit that. 	Asked what else they could offer Dems: “As the president likes to say, We’ll see.”
Pelosi on potential nat'l emergency declaration: "If and when the president does that, you’ll find out how we will react. ... I think he’ll have to answer to his own party on usurping that much power."
Pelosi: "I don't even know if the president wants the wall. I think he just wants the debate on the wall."		(Which is the same thing R's sometimes say about Dems and DACA, immigration reform)
Pelosi: "I think the meeting was a setup so he could walk out."
Pelosi announces House will continue voting on spending bills next week to re-open government w/out funding wall
Schumer: “I would just say three words to my friend the majority leader: Open the government, it’s in your hands.”		(*seven words)
Sen Cardin, on floor with other Senate Dems, tries to get consent for vote on government funding bill. 		McConnell objects, calling Dem strategy "Pointless, absolutely pointless."
RT @WaPoSean: An extraordinary day when Pres. Trump walked out of shutdown negotiations after Democrats rejected wall money and talks fell…
The eight Republicans who defected and voted with Dems this evening on the Treasury/IRS/Financial Services bill https://t.co/SiaMd4QMj4
RT @Reinlwapo: SHUTDOWN NEWS: Unpaid #Coast Guard employees are told by management to hold yard sales to make money via ⁦@DanLamothe⁩  http…
It passes 240-188, and looked like only those 8 Republican defections which is good news for the White House 	https://t.co/LEp6Ia5mEY
Guess what, the House is voting on the Treasury spending bill. Eight R "yes" votes on the board and vote is almost over
I could use some Butterfingers, M&amp;Ms and Baby Ruths right about now
Trump: “There was no discussion of anything other than solidarity.”		McConnell: “We’re all behind the president.”
Trump’s message coming out of Senate GOP lunch: “The Republicans are totally unified.” Says that’s not true of the Dems.
My utility to anyone as I wait for Trump to emerge from this Senate R meeting is best represented by this plant that mysteriously appeared between a statue of Ben Franklin and a bust of Spiro Agnew https://t.co/5L9BJ7ki99
One House R summing up sentiment: 	"We're dug in. .... We really believe in our souls that we have a responsibility to the American people to secure the border. And none of us are feeling pressure. Our districts want the wall." 	"None of us have any federal employees."
@Drew_Hammill It is not very cool to call Mike "Trumpian"	We all know Dem press conferences can be long and have a lot of speakers
Extreme unity in House GOP conference this am per members - everyone dug in - not a single member stood up to say they need to pass Dem bills to reopen government
Schumer overheard to say "Hey guys I need my glasses" h/t @WaPoSean
Schumer &amp; Pelosi currently watching replay of their own speech https://t.co/OLL36QWAT9
RT @seungminkim: They first met at a Tuesday night members' dinner in 1987. Three decades later, Chuck and Nancy are leading their caucuses…
Per several members the question of Trump potentially declaring a national emergency on the border did not come up in tonight’s House GOP briefing with Pence et al
GOP Sen Capito says Trump should “tread lightly” when it comes to emergency declaration. 	Also suggests she’s supportive of passing those other approps bills to reopen government.
Sen Leahy’s comment just now when asked about @RussVought45 - the acting OMB director - “I wouldn’t know him if he walked down the hall.”		(Leahy was in a hallway at the time)	(Leahy is top Dem on the Senate Appropriations Committee)
@edokeefe @BernieSanders Reminiscent of Michele Bachmann’s alternate State of the Union response
More Thornberry: “I think border security is very important. It is not a responsibility of the Department of Defense.”
House Armed Services ranking member Mac Thornberry (R-Texas) opposes use of military $$ to build wall under emergency declaration. 	“In short I’m opposed to using defense dollars for non-defense purposes.”
To build border wall as a national emergency, Trump would need to tap existing military budget - great explainer from @PaulSonne https://t.co/lKtEA7p2za
Very thrilled about this which will make our awesome Congress team even awesomer!	https://t.co/5iJRSYt5Hz
U.S. towns with federal workers brace for impact as the shutdown continues https://t.co/N4bRgXs93c
Graham: “The goal is not to open up the government the goal is to fix a broken immigration system.”
Sen Durbin says on Face the Nation that McConnell should “step up and join” the negotiations over shutdown. Accuses him of sitting on the “sidelines.”
RT @Reinlwapo: Late breaking news from @USOPM following our story on pay raises for top Trump political appointees: Memo from acting direct…
Yikes. Sen Perdue on Sen Romney: “The last thing we need now in the Senate is a Jeff Flake on steroids.” https://t.co/A41wvqoDBp
W/ @damianpaletta - Millions face delayed tax refunds, cuts to food stamps as White House scrambles to deal with shutdown’s consequenc… https://t.co/Fr2htrzLqp
Trump claims the federal workers who have been furloughed or are working without pay are behind him (even though he recently said they were mostly Dems)	"'Mr President, keep going, this is far more important'" is what they would say to him, Trump says
Trump asked why McConnell's not there. Says it's because "he's running the Senate" and is fantastic.
Now Trump says that he could call a "national emergency" to build the Wall if he wanted to
Asked about a safety net for federal workers who will be missing paychecks and federal services in the shutdown, Trump says: "The safety net is going to be having a strong border because we're going to be safe."
Trump: “These coyotes and these human traffickers they make a right turn ... they go as far as the wall is and as far as the barrier is and then they make a left, Welcome to the United States.”
"That was an exciting campaign, a great campaign ..." Trump reminisces in Rose Garden	Touts economic news -- Steel industry "roaring back"	"I think we'll have to build a steel wall as opposed to a concrete wall."
Schumer just said Trump insisted he might keep government shut for "months or even years"
Right out of the gate Pelosi says their meeting w Trump was "lengthy and sometimes contentious"
@pkcapitol Not to be that person, but it was not a scoop. @WaPoSean &amp; others had the news on Roberts' retirement several minutes *before* Roberts' Twitter feed.
RT @pkcapitol: Critical point: GOP-led Senate just adjourned until Tuesday afternoon, Dem-led House adjourned till Tuesday evening. 	Earlie…
White House was so concerned about GOP defections on those Dem spending bills last night that Pence personally called some members to ask them to vote “no” - per R source
McConnell on floor criticizing House D spending bills passed last night as “a time-wasting act of political posturing” that can’t get 60 in the Senate
“Women lawmakers had to wait til 2011 to get a restroom off the floor of the House. On Thursday for the first time there was a line to get in.” - Great lede and story by ⁦@eliseviebeck⁩ on the new women power in the House  https://t.co/ElpPSBq0XT
RT @jdawsey1: Trump continues to confound as a negotiator to allies and foes alike. How Trump’s White House is handling the shutdown negoti…
House Democrats vote to reopen government and deny Trump wall money, defying veto threat - w @damianpaletta @seungminkim https://t.co/SlTyyaHNnV
The 7 Republicans who joined Democrats in passing legislation to fund the remainder of government (except DHS) through Sept 30: https://t.co/APCWUfqFbc
@mikedebonis @pkcapitol @pkcapitol always has the savviest observation of the day
The 5 Republicans who joined Democrats in voting to pass stopgap spending bill for the Homeland Security Dept, w/out new wall money: https://t.co/ifdHOBs8ny
And the House adjourns after an eventful first day of the 116th Congress -- the first Congress ever to begin during a government shutdown
House 241-190 passes package of six spending bills reopening most of gov't through Sept 30. Seven R's join D's in voting "yes" (5 R's had broken ranks on previous vote, on DHS CR)
House votes 239-192 to pass Homeland Security CR through Feb 8; no new wall funds. Handful of R "yes" votes
VP Pence to Tucker Carlson: "I think the president’s made it very clear -- no wall, no deal."		Pelosi earlier to reporters: "We're not doing a wall. Does anyone have any doubt that we're not doing a wall."
“We’re not doing a wall. Does anyone have any doubt that we’re not doing a wall.” - Pelosi
Pelosi suggests in response to question that she would agree to a dollar - one - for Trump wall
Pelosi addresses reporters re shutdown, renewing opposition to wall (husband Paul looks on from back of gaggle) https://t.co/KOSPnpCN93
https://t.co/KOBrz4o016
Pence and Schumer just now. Asked when the shutdown will end Pence said “We’re meeting again tomorrow.” https://t.co/M8DVzw6i4d
Approps Chairman Shelby says shutdown could go on “for months and months”
As far as I've been able to determine thus far, this is the first shutdown that's lasted from one Congress into the next. 		Or as CBS producer John Nolen (who I don't think is on Twitter) remarked this am: "New Congress, old shutdown."
If anyone is interested in a list of shutdowns past, here it is courtesy of CRS (and thanks to @LisaMascaro for sharing) https://t.co/smcGj3AMQj
New Economist/YouGov survey says 48 percent blame Trump for shutdown; 35 percent blame Dems in Congress https://t.co/8tdojPfdSL
LOLs today’s episode of The Daily begins with Schumer boasting to @mikiebarb that he’s learned how to make a fire and has cedar fire starters from Paul Ryan “they are really good and they smell good”
RT @SherylNYT: “This is legacy building time.” My look at ⁦@NancyPelosi⁩’s rise to power. (Check the picture of her in the Oval with JFK.)…
Pelosi fills role as Trump’s sparring partner, respecting the office but not the man - via ⁦@mikedebonis⁩  https://t.co/Arlf1mYZns
RT @Goldfarb: Trade news tonight:		China takes a bite out of APPLE while WHISKEY doesn't go down smooth in Europe 		https://t.co/19b1t1dVRl…
Bernie Sanders tells @andersoncooper he wasn’t aware of harassment/pay disparity allegations detailed by NYT; says he was busy campaigning. 	“I certainly apologize to any woman” who feels she was not treated appropriately and promises to do better.
McCarthy on House Dem bills to reopen gov’t: “The President’s not going to sign it, the Senate’s not going to bring it up, so it’s a show vote, everybody knows that.”
Kevin McCarthy says Romney should get sworn in “before he starts making judgment calls”
McCarthy back on the Hill where he’s criticizing Schumer for interrupting Nielsen and saying Trump “remained calm”
This is why Dems now say they won't negotiate with anyone but Trump. Only Trump speaks for Trump ..	https://t.co/IZJN4IO2pt
This claim is obviously not true. 	Pew Research Center in November: "In 2016, an estimated 10.7 million unauthorized immigrants lived in the U.S., down from a peak of 12.2 million in 2007."	https://t.co/HZRZBG7U8Y
Also: "I know more about drones than anybody."	https://t.co/FNSYoAs75h
Op-ed from retiring Sen Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn) in today's Post: 	"As for President Trump, he should be specific and reliable, as Obama was in 2015 ..."	https://t.co/JuepilTMr2
RT @aletweetsnews: Aside from a handful of tourists muttering “this sucks” and “what the hell” at the shuttered National Zoo this morning,…
RT @damianpaletta: Trump falsely claims Mexico is paying for wall, demands taxpayer money for wall ahead of meeting with Democrats https://…
Unlike the last Chuck &amp; Nancy confab at the White House, this one will apparently not be televised since it's taking place in the Situation Room
RT @mikedebonis: GOP congressman: 'GET OVER YOURSELF AND YOUR LOSS MITTENS' https://t.co/iIY38RIRkT
Schumer spokesman Justin Goodman: "It's not often the president gets to hear people tell him he's wrong. Democrats intend to do that today."
There is some oxygen outside the Capitol https://t.co/AGApi83y4h
Stmt out from Pelosi &amp; Schumer https://t.co/eLXpySD3DX
Largest federal employee union suing government over shutdown --&gt; https://t.co/Nang0V7Hv4
@burgessev #BurgessShutdown
@delrayser @linda_ldk Yes the 1.9% pay raise is included.
@SergioTrist10 Yes, that is in this package.
FYI see-through concrete is a thing 	https://t.co/aCIHWLNrfi
NEWS: House Dems have decided on their approach to reopen government. 	Will be a Homeland CR til Feb 8 (extending existing levels of $1.3b border funding) + full-year bills on the other 6, using the bipartisan Senate versions. 		Expected to be made public later today.
Welp the House just gaveled in and out for an extremely brief pro forma during which (unlike last couple times) Dems didn’t even try to bring up a bill to reopen government
Lindsey Graham says that as Judiciary Chairman: “I’m going to hold hearings on the deaths of these two children and the policies that entice people to come.”
Lindsey Graham to @DanaBashCNN: “To my Democratic friends: There will never be a deal without wall funding.”
Kellyanne Conway’s message on Fox &amp; CNN this am: 	Trump is ready to deal (but sidesteps when asked if he’s reached out to D leaders which as far as we know he hasn’t);	Democrats are intransigent;	The WALL has become a four-letter word (that much is true).
Kellyanne Conway on Fox News Sunday:	“It is a silly semantic argument” in which Wall has become a “four-letter word.”
As House gavels in for pro-forma, Dem Rep McGovern tries unsuccessfully to get a vote on legislation to reopen the government. 	Tells reporters after that there was agreeement last week “Until the president, you know, went off his meds, and who the hell knows what happened.”
An acknowledgement of what was becoming clear: Barring a miracle, this shutdown won't end until Dems take over the House https://t.co/Bf10JN7F9z
Let's see, John Cornyn tweeted some photos of turtles and Corker and Trump are back at it with their feud, so maybe the shutdown doesn't get solved today
State of play 	https://t.co/eE4EjOdSi2
NEWS: WH offer yesterday was $2.5b for border and new fencing, including a $400m "slush fund" (as D's call it) for Trump immigration priorities, per Dem aide		https://t.co/rbVrvRxHRF
Durbin says he and other senators begged Mattis "please stay .. .but it obviously reached a breaking point". On MTP.
According to Pat Toomey on Meet the Press: “This is really much ado about very little.” 	"We have a very small sliver of the government that’s unresolved and in this shutdown mode’	Says it's distracting from where the attention should be, "on a very strong economy"
Chris Wallace describes Trump's new slat fence design as a "steel picket fence"		“Well, the steel barriers" Mulvaney says
Mulvaney says they gave schumer a counter-offer yesterday below $5b -- and "the ball is in their court"
Mulvaney: "This is what Washington looks like when you have a president who refuses to sort of go along to get along."
CORREX Mulvaney quote: “It’s very possible that this shutdown will go beyond the 28th and into the new Congress.” on FNS.
And now the Senate has adjourned til noon tomorrow
I’m still thinking this House Amdt. to the Senate Amdt. to the House Amdt. to the Senate Amdt. could save the day https://t.co/ofX0YFCOzS
Get ready for the third partial government shutdown of 2018! https://t.co/YhK42U4gSO
@seungminkim BOOM
Now Lamar Alexander is delivering a paean to the legislative filibuster
Flake: "There is no path forward for the House bill. The only path forward is to a bill that has an agreement between the president and both houses of Congress. And the next time we vote will be on the agreement, not another test vote."
A deal to try to make a deal!
@seungminkim "Longest Senate vote in modern history" sweepstakes could be in jeopardy ...
McConnell, Cornyn, Corker, Flake! Together on the floor. 	And McConnell is wearing his Senate Cranky Coalition button
Pence nodded, smiled slightly and said “folks” as reporters yelled questions about whether the government will stay open. 	Now he’s on the House side meeting in Ryan’s ofc with Meadows and Jordan
RT @kristinapet: “This is the unanimous position of the Senate at the moment,” says McConnell holding a button that says “Senate Cranky Coa…
Corker once again keeping us all in suspense -- albeit on an essentially meaningless vote
RT @RepThomasMassie: I’m back in the floor demanding the Yeas and Nays.  As long as @SpeakerRyan denies our right to get a vote on matters…
Great details here from @reinlwapo @damianpaletta @brady_dennis on real impacts of a shutdown - including concerns at NASA about missing “cosmic events that proceed without regard to the status of the federal budget” https://t.co/cYYiys1YWT
Must-read --&gt;	https://t.co/ZbO416ZXrc
RT @Phil_Mattingly: To state the obvious here: there is no grand plan to keep the government open. There are no talks or negotiations to br…
No Dems voted "yes" on the House $5.7b wall bill and CR. These 8 Republicans voted "no" https://t.co/UueV8VHxvN
The House has voted 217-185 to pass a stop-gap spending bill until Feb 8 including $5.7b for the border wall
Rep Tim Ryan (D-Ohio) on floor: “This government is in chaos, it’s in a freefall … You are in charge of the House, Senate and White House. Get a grip and learn how to govern the country.”
Schumer: “The bill that’s on the floor of the House, everyone knows can’t pass the Senate.”
"The wall -- also called, so that I give them a little bit of an out, steel slats. We don’t use the word wall necessarily. But it has to be something special to do the job. Steel slats." -- President Trump
Trump signs the Farm Bill, then hands out a bunch of pens to lawmakers that he didn't actually use to sign the Farm Bill 	(as opposed to using a number of different pens to sign, which would be a pain but I think is what Obama used to do)
Trump: 	"Essential to border security is a powerful physical barrier. Walls work."		"I think it will end up being bipartisan I really do."		"I look forward to signing a bill that fulfills our fundamental duty to the American people."
Trump: "My position is very clear, any measure that funds the government must include border security, has to."	He remarks that he's given lawmakers an out by his endorsement of "steel slats"
According to Kevin McCarthy "There's still plenty of time" to avoid a shutdown
Asked McCarthy if the Senate would just strip off the wall funding and send the CR back to the House. 	“The president wouldn’t sign that, why would they do that?”
Scalise says House will bring up the CR  with an amendment adding $5 billion for the wall plus disaster funding.
Paul Ryan: "The president said he will not sign this bill"
Yes, amid the utter chaos over the shutdown/wall, Massie is continuing to force roll-call votes on suspension bills -- approx 3 dozen of them today -- in his dispute over war powers legislation. Much to irritation of some colleagues. 	https://t.co/6B8mryMNDj
RT @damianpaletta: Complete DC pandemonium in the final moments of Republican control,  as Trump edges towards a partial shutdown. Congress…
Ryan’s press conference has suddenly been canceled or postponed. Trump sent this tweet after speaking with Ryan. 	https://t.co/kUJrIRfAWb
Rep Steve King notes Trump has said there are other ways to fund the wall. 	“If it’s the military building it, I’ll support that. If it’s a GoFundMe page I’ll send some money. ... I’ll go down there and pour some concrete ... I’m in there all the way. I want 2,000 miles of it.”
Rep Curbelo says members sought reassurances Trump would sign the bill but received none. 	“I think the next few days could get complicated real fast.”
Meadows tells GOP conference: We have to fight now or America will never believe we’ll fight. Per source in room.
Per source in House GOP conference mtg - Members asking leadership for reassurances that Trump would sign the short-term spending bill - but not getting any
RT @DavidNakamura: The number of migrant families crossing southern border into U.S. has set a record high for the past three months. Nov.…
Final convulsions of the Freedom Caucus today as they try to block the CR bc it doesn’t fund Wall. Outcome TBD!
Ok but would you sign the CR???	https://t.co/6rVmovAR8K
Congress wouldn’t act to toughen food stamp work requirements - so the Trump administration did. Via ⁦@DPAQreport⁩ ⁦@JStein_WaPo⁩  https://t.co/Qv35rIi8qn
Jerry Moran is delivering a speech about how he opposed the continuing resolution, by which he apparently means he shouted "no" when they passed it by voice vote which requires consent from all senators
Senators spent all day arguing about a package of lands bills that never came up for a vote after Mike Lee (for one) objected.	Meanwhile they passed a short-term spending bill by voice vote even though it didn't fund Trump's wall.
For history --&gt;	https://t.co/n5NMdLUSrb
@burgessev I am slightly mollified
Whoa they just UC'd the CR
@burgessev Why are you focused on this rather than the Christmas caroling?
"Oh Amendment Tree, Oh Amendment Tree ... "		(No that was not actually one of their Christmas carols, just a joke courtesy of my editor @Patrick_C_Reis )		https://t.co/piBfAIyO99
Amazing. In one corner of the Senate chamber a group of Dems including Donnelly, Heitkamp, King, Gillibrand, Coons, Harris is singing Christmas carols.
The Senate is snapping into action!	The Sergeant at Arms is being instructed to request the presence of absent senators!
Mark Meadows on floor: "Mr President we're going to back you up, if you veto this bill we'll be there."
On the House floor, Freedom Caucus members are now taking turns denouncing the short-term spending bill bc it doesn't fund the wall. 	They want Trump (who still hasn't said whether he'll sign the bill) to veto it.
Meadows says Trump should veto the CR, predicts “major damage” to the president’s re-election chances for failing to deliver on The Wall
RT @pkcapitol: Whip notice - just 362 members here for first House votes. They’re missing 70-plus members.
As we sit around waiting for the Senate to resolve its issues and vote on the CR, over in the House Rep Massie has demanded roll-call votes on 12 suspension bills in a dispute over war powers legislation
McConnell says they’re “working on it” will “let you know” and will “be in touch”		(CR waiting on resolution of lands bills pushed by western senators)
Corker is not feeling the whole CR thing. 	“Honestly, you know, I’m losing interest ... And don’t say I think any of this is a good idea, it’s just what’s happening and honestly I don’t care.”
Senate plans to pass bill that would avert shutdown, deny Trump wall funding https://t.co/oMu4a2pwEw
House could pass CR tomorrow
Schumer on Trump's plan to use the military or find other federal funds to build the wall: https://t.co/66tzXkctqf
Schumer:  "I’m glad the Leader thinks the government should not shut down over the president’s demands for a wall, and Democrats will support this CR."
So the 115th Congress will end not with a bang but a whimper , as they say
McConnell announces he will be introducing CR today through Feb 8. 		"We'll soon take up a simple measure that will continue government funding into February so we can continue this vital debate after the new Congress has convened."
Cornyn says short-term CR til Feb 8 should come together today and Trump “has been” on board. “We hope he still is.”	“He can change his mind if he wants to but so far so good.”
Senators likely to decide for sure on short-term deal today—&gt;	Trump backs off demand for $5 billion for border wall, but budget impasse remains ahead of shutdown deadline https://t.co/CUx2JNAZ0D
Senate overwhelmingly backs overhaul of criminal justice system https://t.co/2jHsxuaizV
Criminal justice bill passes Senate 87-12
McConnell just voted for the criminal justice reform bill
NEWS: Shelby says they are drafting a CR to early Feb
‘He was the future of the party’: Ryan’s farewell triggers debate about his legacy - via ⁦@costareports⁩ @mikedebonis⁩  https://t.co/LW4itDs0Cc
RT @damianpaletta: The White House is directing every agency to find money that could be used to finance a border wall. But that's not so e…
Sen Isakson says he anticipates passing something, and coming back in January to finish up the work. 	But caveats "It’s my opinion which like belly buttons everybody’s got one."
Shelby says they aren’t there yet on a short-term CR - but after Dems rejected their offer today they’re moving that way
Short-term CR looking like the only way forward, says Rubio
Senators have been waiting to find out what Trump wants to do	https://t.co/UwHAywReiv
As described by Dems, the R offer - which Pelosi and Schumer rejected - is the $1.6b from Senate Homeland bill, plus $1b in unspent funds that would be reprogrammed and available for immigration matters. Which Dems are terming a slush fund.
Per senior Dem aide: Trump/McConnell proposal includes $1b “slush fund” for Trump immigration priorities that will not fly with Dems
Still developing but this is looking like a really big cave by the White House
Wow, so now the White House is on board with the bipartisan deal that was struck in the Senate months ago. Unfortunately, Dems no longer are. This is Sarah Sanders https://t.co/ficdTolvjZ
On Fox, @PressSec says: “There are certainly a number of different funding sources that we’ve identified that we can use, that we can couple with money that would be given through congressional appropriations that would help us get to that $5 billion that the president needs."
Schumer says Dems have still not heard back from Trump on their offers to avoid shutdown
McConnell praises John Kelly in floor speech for "a job well done" 		(He also praised Jon Kyl, causing slight confusion at least for me)
(They did not end up knowing anything by 5 o'clock ... or 6 o'clock ... )	https://t.co/PXgXAsNqNg
As a follow-up @mkraju asked Cornyn, So you still don't know what the president wants?	"Well, he wants a wall," Cornyn replied.	https://t.co/MAitK1GRCP
Cornyn says they don't know how Trump wants the shutdown standoff to end bc he hasn't told them
Shelby: “I think there’s a window we’ll probably know hopefully by 5’ o clock. He might be amenable to doing nothing.”	https://t.co/F7eh8UZkY5
McConnell on gov't funding: 	"I hope the same bipartisan, collaborative spirit that has carried us this far will enable the Senate and the House to complete this business without undue delay.”	Here's hoping!
RT @pkcapitol: "The road to nowhere."	Always read @ericawerner @damianpaletta especially when there's a potential government shutdown in th…
One House R yesterday describing the mood among House Republicans these days: 	"Still in shock, still in denial. Lot of people talking about bills they’re going to introduce next year. I just laugh at them."
RT @WaPoSean: NEWS: McSally's stock has fallen with Ducey in Arizona. She might still get an appointment to the Senate, but there is a lot…
Sen Capito (https://t.co/qloT4XREcD.) on House recessing through Weds night, two days before shutdown deadline: 	“I don’t understand why people don’t come to work and work all the way through December when the taxpayers are paying them. ... I mean, finish your job.”
Schumer: "Well Mr President, if you say Mexico is going to pay for the wall through NAFTA - which it certainly won’t - then I guess we don’t have to."	https://t.co/HSvt1Ci8IG
Schumer on floor: "I want to be crystal clear: There will be no additional appropriations to pay for the border wall. It’s done."
@eschor OMG congrats on Jeopardy!! So awesome
This has gotten less attention than it merits during a busy week, but after months of impasse — Congress passed the farm bill! via ⁦@JStein_WaPo⁩  https://t.co/CDmOgG0bjD
Senate begins historic debate on ending U.S. support for Saudi-led war in Yemen - via ⁦@karoun⁩ ⁦@shaneharris⁩  https://t.co/yR1IbPj8dz
Senators in both parties are finding ways to push McConnell and challenge Trump - via ⁦@pkcapitol⁩  https://t.co/CbPSvdwYWG
House, Senate agree on bill to establish new sexual harassment policy for Congress - via ⁦@eliseviebeck⁩  https://t.co/uUvYJhxsYk
Rep.-elect Mark Green walks back claim that vaccines cause autism https://t.co/9GkYgyloaH
RT @Reinlwapo: Trump’s ultimatum on border wall boxes in fellow Republicans Via @ericawerner @WaPoSean and @seungminkim https://t.co/MtCFYc…
RT @mikedebonis: DONE DEAL: " I am comfortable with the proposal and it is my intention to abide by it whether it passes or not," Pelosi sa…
Obviously just a coincidence but seems that Nancy Pelosi and Theresa May are both ensuring their political survival on the same day via similar concessions #specialrelationship
McCarthy on $5b wall bill: “Continuing to talk and I think you’ll see an answer very shortly. ... To do a bill you gotta work through things, to make a CR you got a lot of anomalies ...”
McHenry says they have votes for $5b wall bill, but “the question of whether or not to do it is a question of wisdom and strategy and tactics, and it’s highly debatable about whether or not that’s the right move.”
Via @mikedebonis , retiring GOP Rep @RosLehtinen 's comment on yesterday's Oval Office throwdown: "The real Housewives of the Oval Office. It was quite a telanovela."
Schumer talking on floor about Trump's "temper tantrum" and calls on McConnell to "help move the president back from the brink"
RT @JStein_WaPo: This story's flown under the radar a bit, but Congress moving to pass the farm bill w/ basically no cuts to food stamps is…
‘It’s like a manhood thing for him’: Pelosi’s power play with Trump serves as message to opponents https://t.co/LmQSkIrGMH
‘It’s now or never’: Trump faces a moment of truth on his border wall https://t.co/8F0C4baWWv
Trump welcomes a shutdown during Oval Office squabble with Pelosi, Schumer https://t.co/BmKZw6l25I
‘This has spiraled downward’: Democrats introduce Trump to divided government https://t.co/qT1tAzSyvk
If anyone cares, the Farm Bill no's came from Barrasso, Cotton, Enzi, Flake, Grassley, Johnson, Kennedy, Kyl, Lee, Murkowski, Paul, Rubio, Toomey (all R's)	https://t.co/GTQDxvML5y
RT @sarahnferris: almost 90 percent of DHS staffers would still be working in the case of a shutdown		BUT they won't get paid until after g…
This whole background readout of Pelosi talking to House Dems upon returning to Capitol is pretty good: https://t.co/98gJNVlVKL
Just when you thought things couldn’t get any more exciting, the Senate is going to pass the Farm Bill this afternoon!
Trump: “Nancy I need 10 votes from Chuck.” 	Schumer: “Alright let me say something here.”	Pelosi: “Let me just say one thing.The fact is you do not have the votes in the House.”	Trump: “Nancy I do. And we need border security.”	Pelosi: “Then take the vote we’ll find out.”
@pkcapitol @kristinapet Which is just what Pelosi was trying to tell Trump!
Trump: "Excuse me did we win the Senate? We won the Senate." 		Schumer: "When the president brags that he won North Dakota and Indiana he’s in real trouble."
Even after all the craziness of the past two years, that Oval Office encounter was f'ing amazing
Response from @Drew_Hammill :"As the Congresswoman well knows, Republicans, for the moment, are in charge of the House, Senate and White House. Attacking Nancy Pelosi hasn’t worked out so well for Republicans so I’d advise Ms. Cheney to find a better way to pass the time."
New House R talking point on shutdown - blame Pelosi speaker race dynamics. Liz Cheney: "The challenge we have we know it's difficult right now for Leader Pelosi. She doesn't have the votes apparently to be speaker. ..."
RT @vmsalama: Incredible argument unfolding now in front of the press between trump, Pelosi and Schumer over votes for border security. Pel…
Kellyanne Conway: “Let’s see what happens in the meeting today. Maybe something big will happen. Maybe nothing will happen.”
House R’s this am forecasting significant risk of partial shutdown next week - they blame Senate Dems and dynamics around Pelosi speaker race
Via ⁦@ToryNewmyer⁩ - China seeking to ban sales of older-model iPhones in latest trade war move  https://t.co/6lwjWtNmFn
Trump Wall tweetstorm ahead of Schumer-Pelosi meeting at 11:30am https://t.co/7hjSdXrM0y
Freedom Caucus stmt: “This is our last chance to address illegal immigration before Democrats take over the House. Republicans in Congress must fulfill our promise to the American people by building President Trump’s wall, ending catch and release and securing our borders.”
Sen Roberts says he is “stunned!” by opposition of some Freedom Caucus types to Farm Bill deal 		(He was being sarcastic)
Grassley dismisses Friday filings on Individual 1.	“As long as Cohen’s a liar I shouldn’t give much credibility to what he says.”	“He got his information from a liar” Grassley says of prosecutors.
Good thread on Calif vote-counting via @finneganLAT 	https://t.co/6TdFOf1ZjO
Pelosi, Schumer will be offering $1.3b for fencing tomorrow; Trump wants $5b for Wall. 	If there’s a compromise, no one seems to know what it might be. Pelosi ruled out DACA trade last week. 	Shutdown deadline Dec. 21.
Schumer and Pelosi have not met with Trump for a year. Last time was Dec 2017 w/GOP leaders present. 	Last time it was Schumer, Pelosi and Trump was September 2017. 	The three meet again tomorrow...
How R's are framing the argument heading into shutdown talks -- Scalise this am on Fox (fyi Pelosi does *not* actually support abolishing ICE) https://t.co/152bFIcktL
Trump on border, politics --&gt; https://t.co/Qylvq9qRuI
@seungminkim @ahrferrier With special appearance by @pkcapitol ! https://t.co/oJ40AF5c2m
Trump signs short-term spending bill keeping government funded through Dec. 21 https://t.co/FegYJUCUWD
RT @Emma_Dumain: In a letter to the editor to the Wall Street Journal, @SenatorTimScott writes: "We should stop bringing candidates with qu…
McConnell tells White House little chance of Senate vote on criminal justice bill https://t.co/hLPL93v5jw
From yesterday - Congress sends Trump bill to postone shutdown deadline, sets up fight over border wall https://t.co/m9XFU0EZ1L
Approps Chairman Shelby said earlier HHS is seeking additional $$ for detention facilities 	https://t.co/nvRyNEfUxv
Several gnomic utterances from Shelby earlier on shutdown/Wall	"Are we closer together or farther apart? That’s the question.”	"We're always probing."	“Somebody’ll have to blink.”	“I’m not worried about any of it. I’m just concerned about funding the government.”
@kelsey_snell Happened so fast I blinked and missed it. (Or technically slacked with my editor and missed it..)
@amdorgan A "continuing resolution" that extends government funding at existing levels for a set period of time
In one of his final acts as a U.S. Senator, Dean Heller is providing a Vegas-style buffet for today’s GOP Senate lunch 	(@OrrinHatch is hoping there’s bacon)
Congrats @WaPoSean you’re the best but we’ll miss you on the Hill	https://t.co/Y76rLZb7Do
House just passed the two-week CR by voice vote in pro forma session		And now Jared Polis is delivering a farewell speech
Pelosi: "We have a responsibility, all of us, to secure our borders, north, south and coming in by plane, on our coast, *three coasts,* north, south and west, and that is a responsibility we honor but we do so by honoring our values as well."
Pelosi's shutdown solution is to CR the Homeland bill for a full year while passing the other six. Some House R's have also embraced this. 		Pelosi disputes the suggestion that a CR would actually fund the wall.	"You're talking about a fence, you're not talking about a wall now."
Pelosi rules out trading Wall money for a permanent fix on DACA. 	"No. They’re two different subjects."		(She and Schumer will meet w Trump on Tues ... Shutdown deadline Dec 21)
Pelosi liked her new-NAFTA joke calling it the trade deal "formerly known as Prince" so much that she repeats it again today
GM CEO Mary Barra just entered Rob Portman’s office ignoring shouted questions including “Do workers deserve better after taxpayers bailed you out?”
What a sight https://t.co/hnSTCnJfiG
@anitakumar01 @politico @mcclatchy @McClatchyDC Congrats Anita!!!
-Where does $250b figure come from? Way higher than estimates even from groups pushing lower immigration	-Is Trump back to wanting $25b for wall? R's can't even convince D's to give $5b	-Shutdown deadline Dec 21	https://t.co/uost9x9Imy
Cc @Beyonce 	https://t.co/00qCmHAeP3
@JakeSherman thanks jake that obviously means a lot coming from you
The 2-week continuing resolution extending the government shutdown deadline until Dec. 21 is expected to pass on Thursday.	Still unresolved: THE WALL.
Dingell: "It has a nice ring to it, doesn’t it? 'Abolish the Senate.' I’m having blue caps printed up with that slogan right now. They will be made in America."	https://t.co/DE6ehi6I2F
Sen Toomey on USMCA: "I don’t see how they get this ratified by Congress." 	In his view it does too much to restrict trade -- and Dems are trying to make it even more protectionist, he says.
And Happy Hanukkah! Which would actually be saved by a 2-week CR	https://t.co/PPx4aFoVqV
I missed Pelosi's burn on the new trade deal Friday: https://t.co/eCP1K3r05b
@APAndrewTaylor I still can’t believe you came all the way from Silver Spring to get a flu shot at the Capitol infirmary and didn’t come say hi to us
@StevenTDennis Pin this tweet
Meanwhile they are still trying to figure out the length of the CR they plan to pass to push off Friday government funding deadline	 https://t.co/uXYomDKFZZ
Author of an authorized biography of McConnell (who recently announced in a since-deleted tweet that he’s become a Democrat) —&gt;	https://t.co/wRTh9R3TwX
RT @ErinMPerrine: The Capitol is readying to welcome a hero home for one last goodbye. https://t.co/j1gIXUa6A5
To clarify - no decision yet on timing could be two-week 	https://t.co/uGp6n7fvRC
Not totally settled yet but looks like there will be a one-week CR —&gt;	Congress, Trump consider postponing shutdown deadline until after Bush services https://t.co/yifsztsFUP
How this meeting goes likely determines whether or not we have a shutdown Friday (which is the 6th night of Hanukkah btw)	https://t.co/NmJuoXY5cH
@seungminkim We really will. Don't go too far @DougAndres !
Rep Dan Newhouse on his way to the Capitol’s chapel where he’s getting married rn! https://t.co/tiXXfpm5Sv
As I asked Mark Meadows who the public would blame for a shutdown, Matt Gaetz piped up and said “Hillary!”
The annual attempt to bring cheer to the basement of the Capitol https://t.co/eMrVOfXa83
Brady tax bill that was tentatively expected on House floor tomorrow currently short of votes and not scheduled
Two women to lead powerful House Appropriations Committee, a first for Congress https://t.co/9O6VVoqufj
"The only position that cannot garner 60 votes is the president's position. .. It would be a shame if the country suffered because of a Trump temper tantrum. ... I yield the floor."
Schumer is on the floor telling Trump how to avoid a shutdown. The 2 options according to him are 1) sign the bipartisan Senate DHS bill; or 2) sign a year-long CR
And it will be @RepKayGranger and @NitaLowey leading the House Appropriations Committee -- putting two women atop one of Congress' most important standing committees for the first time	https://t.co/LMQh6nPMDL
RT @benpershing: @burgessev Okay I'll stop after this. https://t.co/yfL2mWLZKR
Democrats reject new GOP plan to pay for Trump’s wall - w/ @seungminkim @damianpaletta 	https://t.co/Ss1duPKslB
Other House committees that have been led by two women: 	The Select Committee on Planned Parenthood; and the Select Committee on the House Beauty Shop 	(those weren't standing committees and disbanded)	https://t.co/LMQh6nPMDL
Of note: If Kay Granger wins, the House Appropriations Committee will be led by two women for the first time ever (with Nita Lowey as Chair and Granger as ranking member)	https://t.co/XspNDXlJEz
Welp, so much for that!	https://t.co/w4XmbnrrXC!
Lawmakers reach tentative farm bill deal after months-long impasse https://t.co/PUNdWwH0vI
This has got to be one of the worst-received administration appearances since Mnuchin told House R's last year to "vote for the debt ceiling for me" 	https://t.co/mvybyyNXJV
Big vote 63-37 to advance resolution ending U.S. support for Saudi war in Yemen
NEWS: There is a deal in principle on the Farm Bill!! Roberts, Stabenow both confirming and both happy about it. Story TK
TIL there is a Senate spouses book club! Leahy and Risch chatting about their wives' participation
RT @LACaldwellDC: And he voted yes https://t.co/dbhsYnL6TN
RT @benyc: Supporters of Rep. Barbara Lee frustrated with loss to Jeffries, and say ageism and sexism played into the race. One Lee support…
#extremegaggling https://t.co/YezQS909mx
Another narrow defeat for Barbara Lee, who lost the Dem Caucus vice chair race to Linda Sanchez by two votes in 2016	https://t.co/adpAZE0yRt
Can't decide which is more suspenseful - the outcome of the House Dem Caucus Chair vote or the Thomas Farr cloture vote
RT @seungminkim: OMG --&gt; A Senate panel delays confirmation vote on Trump's pick to lead ICE, Ron Vitiello, as senators sort out concerns r…
@APAndrewTaylor You seem very engaged Andy, why don't you just come back to work?
Ryan rejects idea of a short-term CR kicking Wall fight to next year	"We're elected to solve problems and look, turn on the TV, you can see we have a problem at the border. .. I'd like to think D's would also want to join us in securing the border especially after the election."
Several jokes from House GOP leaders about sparse attendance at their newser — with all attention on Dems this morning. 		Also they offered no way out of Wall/shutdown fight. Pinned responsibility on Senate Dems.
House R from Texas stood up in conference this am and said they could lose Texas legislature ahead of redistricting if they don’t get Wall done - per source in room
McConnell announces he has selected Crapo to chair the Committee on Committees for the 8th successive time!	Crapo thanks McConnell for his “continued trust”
RT @DonnaCassata: Trump says he’s considering a Plan B if Congress rejects his demand for $5 billion in border wall funding @PhilipRucker @…
More Scalise, after saying the question is whether D's want to shut down the government over keeping America safe: "That's a serious question they're going to have to ask at a time when there are people attacking our own law enforcement agents at the border."
Scalise, returning from WH meeting, says Trump is "very adamant" on $5b for Wall.	"The real question is do Democrats want to shut the government down over whether or not to keep America safe," Scalise says.
McCarthy returns from WH saying Trump is sticking with demand for $5b for wall, which he terms a “compromise” on the part of the president
Asked if he's shutting the door to anything above $1.6b for the Wall, Schumer said: "This is our position. We're not negotiating in the press. This is our position."
McConnell indicates he will not allow a vote on the protect-Mueller bill, which he calls "a solution in search of a problem."	"We have a lot of things to do to try to finish up this year without taking votes on things that are completely irrelevant to outcomes."
Schumer: “If there’s any shutdown it’s on President Trump’s back.”	Says the Dem position is $1.6b for the wall (Trump wants $5b)
Schumer says he called Stacey Abrams and Andrew Gillum this morning, after which they issued their stmt opposing Thomas Farr 	(Though he didn't specifically say he encouraged them to do so)
Schumer to working Americans on Trump: "When are you going to understand that this man sells you a bill of goods?"
RT @seungminkim: Senate Republicans actively discussing changes to the Trump-blessed criminal justice bill, trying to win over more GOP sup…
We're less than two weeks out from a partial shutdown -- and Trump's not in a mood to compromise on the Wall. w/ @damianpaletta 	https://t.co/P8yXFrjIYA
Shelby throws cold water on this idea. "I’ve never heard of anything like that being included." 	https://t.co/j59TKkJUie
Shelby says Trump has told them that $5b for Wall is a red line. 	(D’s have agreed to $1.6b)	(Shutdown deadline Dec. 7)
Less than 2 weeks from partial gov't shutdown, McConnell devotes his floor remarks to nominations, which he says are "at the top of the list" of business that must be completed before year's end
@BrendanBuck @pkcapitol @kasie @hillhulse Brendan you should join the Problem Solvers Caucus
Schumer says Dems will push to include protect-Mueller bill on upcoming must-pass spending bill
"The United States saved General Motors, and for her to take that company out of Ohio is not good. ... Nothing to do with tariffs, the car was not selling."
Trump asked if he's comfortable with tear gas being used on children. 	"They had to use because they were being rushed by some very tough people."
Trump says he's not happy about GM plant closure in Ohio and spoke strongly to CEO Mary Barra. "They say the Chevy Cruze is not selling well. ... They better put something else in."
Five years ago Graham was predicting that the GOP would lose the WH in 2016 no matter the candidate if they didn't pass comprehensive immigration reform 	https://t.co/sQ8oJATL4i
The 115th Congress will not adjourn before naming a post office after Jimi Hendrix https://t.co/3LehzEaXFw
CC @kasie !	https://t.co/tHYBIx8URs
Great piece by AP's @JulietLinderman on one bureaucrat in a neglected federal agency, who fills lonely days writing memos to nobody	https://t.co/TAebSi7oXK
Portman has been talking to Mary Barra about the Lordstown plant for months - pushing her to switch up production lines if the Chevy Cruze isn't selling. 	Today he got the news on the lay-offs not from Barra herself but from a company VP. 	https://t.co/vgn41E75Ae
"Today GM let Northeast Ohio down" says @senrobportman -- who was instrumental in passing the GOP tax law with its large corporate reductions
Good piece by ⁦@damianpaletta⁩ ⁦@jdawsey1⁩ on Trump’s conflicting demands on deficit. 	As for what Dems will do - Rep Neal said after elex that R’s created deficit and must propose solution, it’s not Dems’ responsibility  https://t.co/K3pl56n5Ds
Authorized McConnell biographer, from prominent KY GOP family, says R’s are “beyond redemption” and he’s registering as a Democrat—&gt;	https://t.co/01p0ETBAAG
RT @costareports: Share part of your Thanksgiving weekend with @WashingtonWeek. We’ll have four terrific congressional reporters at the tab…
@BresPolitico @pkcapitol @seungminkim Seung Min do you want to send out a joint holiday card this year featuring this pic?
RT @seungminkim: Great profile on Cheri Bustos, the House Dem striving to reach Trump voters in the era of the resistance, from @jenhab htt…
"Maybe in lame duck" covers a whole lot of issues rn. Sex harassment legislation, farm bill, CJR, extenders, pensions, budget reform ... 	https://t.co/CZip7E88AY
Per this @JerryZremski story, Higgins criticized Pelosi 5 months ago as "aloof, frenetic, and misguided." And now he becomes the latest example of how good she is. 	https://t.co/bxR9Vmat91
And now Pelosi picks off a member who actually signed the letter opposing her two days ago 	https://t.co/3KDTLJ6jHK
"I can't imagine anyone else other than Trump," Trump says on Time's person of the year
Trump says he was "very surprised and disappointed" to learn that Schumer's daughter works for Facebook which he claims no one knew until now 	(We mentioned it in a story 4 years ago ) --&gt;	https://t.co/jKFUynx1pI
NEWS w/@damianpaletta --&gt; Lawmakers consider multibillion bailout for troubled pensions, retirees https://t.co/zdI5bOC07u
RT @WashPostPR: Statement from Washington Post Publisher and CEO Fred Ryan in response to President Trump's statement today regarding the m…
RT @damianpaletta: Haitian immigrants revived America’s turkey town. This Thanksgiving together might be their last. Come with me to Mount…
In Mississippi, Republican concern rises over a U.S. Senate runoff that should have been a romp, via ⁦⁦@mviser⁩  https://t.co/smxzWOQTuP
Fight for House speaker explodes into national political campaign- w/ ⁦@eliseviebeck⁩ ⁦@mikedebonis⁩  https://t.co/oAmCnw8TVF
Per ⁦@pkcapitol⁩ , Rep Elise Stefanik questioned McCarthy, Jordan about how they would recruit more women. “I was struck that I really didn’t get an answer.” https://t.co/VxAevs89Y9
Q: Madam Leader, would you accept Republican help to win the gavel?	Pelosi: "Oh please. ... Never, never never."	https://t.co/iRfShAtrzO
RT @JStein_WaPo: New: Reps. @RoKhanna and @Ocasio2018 tell the Post they oppose Dem leadership's proposed supermajority rule on taxes 		The…
Democratic Rep. Moulton draws fire for campaign to deny Pelosi speaker’s job - great piece on Moulton via ⁦@mikedebonis⁩  https://t.co/cwWjrGEbna
Some liberals including @Ocasio2018 don't like one of Pelosi's proposed rules changes -- on tax hikes. W/ @JStein_WaPo 	https://t.co/to404or3Tw
@rachaelmbade No I wasn't that smart. @mkraju then asked her if she was worried about backlash on committee assignments etc if she voted against Pelosi. "You know, what I'm most concerned about are commitments that I've made to my district and I intend to fulfill that in every way possible."
What Sherrill told me and a few others Wednesday: “I'm going to vote as I said I would. … I made a commitment to my district that I would not be supporting Nancy Pelosi.”	https://t.co/msP57YXaGY
Rep Doris Matsui: “If she were a man I don’t know whether we’d be talking about is a woman going to be competent.”	https://t.co/rBwpEg2FxT
@StevenTDennis Way to take the fun out of fun fact Steve
RT @seungminkim: On a serious note — @mattwhouse, you are the best and we will miss you dearly on the Hill. https://t.co/bQKO9enXhL
Per Shelby, Trump did not commit to keeping the government open -- or threaten to shut it down
Last-gasp for full GOP control of Washington -- will it include a gov't shutdown? 	Trump has been warned by advisers he may not get all the wall $$ he wants. W/ @damianpaletta 	https://t.co/4X1ww0dZnm
Trump is currently meeting with Senate GOP leaders who will urge him to avoid a shutdown. 	Yesterday he told Daily Caller he "may very will be willing" to have one. https://t.co/TbVUVpwKZi
Shelby says he will be presenting Trump some proposals this aft on approps/wall and talk to him about what’s “doable”
Durbin says he thinks there will be more than 60 votes for criminal justice reform. 	Says seize the moment, bc if they wait til next year House will try to move it too far to the left.
Pelosi says despite countless ads run against her, creating pressure on candidates, most people don't know who she is. 	She offers this description of herself: "An Italian-American grandmother with lots of energy ... who's here to do what's right for the future."
"Come on in the water's warm" Pelosi repeats when asked about Marcia Fudge
Pelosi answers "Yes" when asked if she would have the votes to be speaker if the election were held today on the House floor
Sen Crapo still does not know what committee he'll be chairing! Hasn't heard from Grassley, and hasn't reached out. "I'd kinda like to know."
Rep Ro Khanna:	"I think the fact that we have won the House majority because of women candidates with huge women turnout, to then deny the first woman speaker who led us to that victory the gavel I think would be a slap in the face of a lot of voters who sent us here."
Overheard from one member-elect: “I’m dying! It’s 80 degrees in my district”
Newly elected House members (of both parties) gathering for class photo. It is 40 degrees out (feels like 34) https://t.co/JLsws29HEv
So many beards! Also @RodneyDavis and @_MattSparks 	https://t.co/BebrGiOX7I
A half-dozen rank-and-file GOP lawmakers stood up in conference this morning to say they’re still in the majority for now and need to push for The Wall ...
Conor Lamb reaffirming this morning that he will vote against Pelosi on the floor but acknowledges “I don’t know of anyone else that’s running.”	And there’s the rub...
House Ag Chairman Conaway, discussing farm bill and asked if he has any leverage remaining, responds “No ma’am.”
Sen Blunt says be could see a DACA-for-Wall deal coming together that gets Trump the $5b he wants
Shelby says he hopes to meet with Trump later this week to discuss what’s doable or not as regards The Wall (but declines to give us his own thoughts on that)
Inaugural Mitt Romney subway scrum! https://t.co/K7POGuGnRk
Kevin Brady says House Republicans exceeded expectations in the midterms 	Also says the new tax law “made a huge difference” and imagine the outcome without it
House Republicans-elect look pretty different from House Democrats-elect. https://t.co/KSgFVU4cFx
RT @markzbarabak: Attention political junkies and other addled souls------------------&gt; https://t.co/rwkXzlkwtJ
If that doesn't work out you can always wait and join me and millions of others in the less-exclusive Underachievers Over 40 	https://t.co/CnwwYvfhQz
Capitol Police officers today have handouts with photos of all the newly elected members they need to memorize, something that will challenge all of us in weeks to come ... 	(Also I wish we had these)
Rep Denny Heck on CNN re. his support for Pelosi: "I’m not sure why it’s even a question ..  it’s a moot point. No one’s running against her."
On Trump's desire to stop sending disaster $$ to PR (first reported by Axios and confirmed by the Post), Sen Leahy said: "Puerto Rico’s part of the United States ... that means more than throwing paper towels .. we need to continue to help."
Leahy says that if Trump were asked what aspect of fire management is problematic "I'm sure he’d have absolutely no idea."	Dems will push for $720m fire relief package per Leahy	https://t.co/axGmuZnomd
Pat Leahy: “I’m not going to negotiate ahead of time and against myself. Let’s see what they’re really willing to do. If it’s wall or nothing they’re going to get nothing.”
Leahy holding conf call on lame duck outlook: 	"The only one to do a government shutdown would be the president if he got the Republican leadership in the house and senate to agree with him."
Still five uncalled House races in Cali (including the one where Steve Knight has already conceded ... )
House Dems plan quick vote to protect preexisting conditions once in majority https://t.co/mmjNz1NxDU
Rep Neal in interview yesterday said he will hold hearings on tax law -- but unlike R's with ACA, doesn't plan to try to undo it.	He is open to fixes if they're necessary. 	Says they weren't elected to be "punitive"
Rep Neal, incoming W&amp;M chair, laughed at Trump's claim that people wouldn't understand his tax returns.	“How do you do them if nobody understands them? .. That tax staff over at Joint Tax, they’re pretty capable people,"
RT @damianpaletta: Rep. Richard Neal, incoming Ways and Means Committee chairman, calls on Trump to voluntarily disclose taxes in @ericawer…
Pelosi says she also talked with McConnell about infrastructure this morning, in addition to discussing it last night with Trump		So yes if you liked infrastructure week wait for infrastructure year
Pelosi: “I think I’m the best person to go forward, to unify, to negotiate. I’m a good negotiator as anyone can see.”
Pelosi says she received a congratulatory call from Ryan. 	“We discusses how it is to win, and how it is not to win.”
Pelosi says she and Trump discussed infrastructure last night. 	“Hopefully we can work in a bipartisan way.”
Pelosi promising “openness and transparency” in the House. 	Ryan did too but it didn’t turn out that way.
Pelosi: “Health care was on the ballot and health care won.”
Trump’s midterm analysis: “I was very well received by this great country.”
RT @daveweigel: Four years ago, the House Budget Chairman was Paul Ryan.		Next year it will be a former alt weekly owner from Louisville wh…
—&gt;	https://t.co/Z8lSXbQCDj
Couple close races in my home state of Cali -- Katie Hill(D)-Steve Knight(R) tied 50-50 with 30% reporting; Harley Rouda(D)-Dana Rohrabacher(R) 50.1-49.9 with 31% reporting
@sarahnferris You probly meant "worth watching" but I like "worth worthing" better esp at 1am
Pelosi promises a "new day in America"	She also said "let's hear it for pre-existing medical conditions"
Dems now 8 seats in reach of House majority. 	Things will be very different around Washington next year, not to state the obvious
(Andy Barr won, as it turned out)	https://t.co/fVyYV1kFQF
"Everyone calm down" per John King (re Beto lead)
McGrath-Barr in KY06 now at 49.4% each, with 71% reporting
RT @bykowicz: Riveting. Seriously one of the best Twitter threads ever. https://t.co/eHyV1lq2Ba
@seungminkim @Jordanfabian https://t.co/VYHfdV7bSf
RT @JStein_WaPo: https://t.co/9J3CJPXHc8
RT @bykowicz: For the first time in a midterm election, retirees have given more money to Ds than Rs  https://t.co/4F9OOJWUJa via @WSJ
This is a straightforward and absolutely enlightening read for anyone who wants to understand congressional dysfunction -- via the great @pkcapitol &amp; @derekwillis 	https://t.co/jvjxXSnbTt
Democrats lead in House preference heading into Tues, with R’s potentially buoyed by economy, Trump focus on immigration  https://t.co/klWR522fkK
RT @daveweigel: A must read by @damianpaletta and @ericawerner about why immigration, not tax cuts, is the GOP closing message https://t.co…
Congratulations to @KThomasDC , a great friend and colleague at AP who will be an awesome addition for the great political team @WSJ	https://t.co/5ScCuTmCi7
W/ ⁦@damianpaletta⁩ - the backstory on that promised 10% tax cut that ended in a Halloween-eve press release  https://t.co/MkmnuYjjH2
RT @POTUSPressPool: Don't miss @ericawerner from @washingtonpost on this week's Reporters' Roundtable hosted by @juliemason on SXM 124 from…
RT @damianpaletta: How Republicans’ grand 2018 tax ambitions shriveled down to a Halloween press release https://t.co/U33krbHKRD
"Nobody's ever been president who's had the greatest economy in the history of our country" Trump says
"Everything with respect to the election coming up in 5 days is going to be perfect and safe" Trump says
W/ @daveweigel --  Forget Trump, caravans and liberal mobs: It’s all health care all the time in this House race https://t.co/XnsaxQiQb1
@Emma_Dumain @damianpaletta I finally said rabbit rabbit like an hour ago after damian kept shaming me but nothing happened, so whatever
RT @damianpaletta: On Nov 6, Half Moon Bay voters will decide whether to allow a famous pumpkin farmer to grow marijuana in a bid to save h…
tfw you go to a pub in Springfield IL to interview voters but there aren’t any so you just have a drink
Rep Rodney Davis (R-IL) on Trump birthright citizenship idea: “It’s pretty tough to argue with the Constitution.”
Challenged at debate earlier about his misrepresentation of a WaPo Fact Check on health care, Rep Rodney Davis (R-Ill.) said: 	"What we see with fact checkers right now, unfortunately, is the politicization of what fact checkers are about." 	(Which elicited the night's only boos)
Sen Rubio comments from earlier tonight (at debate-watch party for Rep. Rodney Davis, R-Ill) on whether Trump, with his rhetoric, bears any responsibility for recent acts of violence &amp; attempted violence: https://t.co/NlxrF1MibI
RT @pkcapitol: “All who crossed Tyrone’s path were affected by his warmth, humor, and positive energy.”	Our obituary of someone taken from…
@MEPFuller This is probably the most effusive praise I've ever heard from @APAndrewTaylor
@pkcapitol @mikedebonis @WaPoSean @seungminkim @karoun As a matter of fact I got my flu shot yesterday at the Capitol infirmary. They are lovely people and it took all of 2 minutes.
Why one GOP congressman may not be able to join Trump for his upcoming visit to Illinois, via Chicago Tribune --&gt; https://t.co/dsmgAJszim
"I don't think any legislation will pass before the election" Sen Crapo predicted to reporters earlier
More from Sen Hatch today on the new tax cut and Trump, who he calls "an interesting man" 	https://t.co/hE9u5P3NZ5
Asked by @burgessev whether there actually is a tax cut proposal, Hatch says: "I think there will be."
Orrin Hatch says a vote in the lame duck on tax cut would be "highly unlikely but it could happen"	Tax cut could pass the Senate "but it would take a really monumental effort to get it through ... I've seen miracles happen before."
Rep Andy Biggs (R-Ariz) says migrants in caravan have "wicked" and "malevolent" intentions https://t.co/A8F3hkczjQ
@StevenTDennis @mkraju Also the Trump administration has been issuing regs expanding use of insurance plans that don’t cover pre-existing conditions
A typically McConnell bottom line after describing getting harassed by a protester while dining with his wife: “I enjoyed my meal In Louisville Friday night.” https://t.co/WmxnvzWwwy
On that new tax cut, w/ ⁦@damianpaletta⁩ — Trump promises to unveil ‘resolution’ for middle-class tax cut in midterm messaging move https://t.co/4YYUZXpAJd
How the migrant caravan became so big and why it’s continuing to grow https://t.co/Fzturr9nPe
Interesting via @DPAQreport — Blue-collar men are riding America’s economic wave. Women? Not so much. https://t.co/8PDvIEcj0r
How in Trump’s Washington a presidential pronouncement is the first step in the policy process, not its culmination —Great piece by ⁦@PhilipRucker⁩ &amp; ⁦@AshleyRParker⁩  https://t.co/9n5iIXPg8G
Tom Carper and Ben Cardin standing behind Trump in Oval as he talks caravan, Khashoggi, taxes ... At one point Carper tries to hand Trump a pen to get him to sign WRDA bill and stop talking about the caravan
Trump claims that "we maxed out" and couldn't have done more for the middle class in the first tax bill, but now they can	(In fact they could have done more for middle class first time around if they wanted)
Trump claims new middle class tax cut will be a "net neutral" because of other things they're doing that he doesn't explain
"... to be advanced *as* Republicans retain the House and Senate." 	https://t.co/V9tlMWcPaT
Telling response from CEA Chairman Kevin Hassett on Trump's new tax idea--&gt; https://t.co/CxbILDCwcu
RT @damianpaletta: NEWS: White House officials have actively discussed having Congress propose a non-binding "resolution" that would stop f…
RT @loriamontgomery: Frmer Trump campaign advsr Barry Bennett said the caravan is “a political gift.” “I wish they were carrying heroin. I…
House Republicans referring inquiries on the supposed new tax cuts Trump says they will vote on to the White House
Classic Pelosi insult is pretending not to remember someone's name https://t.co/o6td1QUzsr
Via ⁦@ToryNewmyer⁩ - Lawmakers talking tough on Saudi but talk is cheap  https://t.co/ZXNjif5HgM
Great scoop by @damianpaletta w/ @jdawsey1 --&gt; Mnuchin still plans to attend Saudi anti-terror financing meeting after Khashoggi disappearance https://t.co/E76sKQUI3r
RT @mateagold: Despite rampant voter enthusiasm, the reality: Many don’t plan to vote in November via @gabriel_pogrund and @WPJenna https:/…
Thought-provoking thread from @lara_putnam a historian in the middle of the grassroots resistance in PA (who also happens to be my cousin!) --&gt;	https://t.co/oGdddlJtbj
ICYMI from earlier this week- Great look by ⁦@daveweigel⁩ &amp; ⁦@michaelscherer⁩ at the grassroots anti-Trump resistance fueled by women  https://t.co/2z2M9CvKyQ
As midterms near, Democrats accuse GOP of plotting to cut Medicare, Social Security — w/ ⁦@damianpaletta⁩ and ⁦@daveweigel⁩  https://t.co/lISc9TkQZV
Via ⁦@ToryNewmyer⁩ - Will Mnuchin go to Riyadh? https://t.co/bSOqsHkc2j
Via ⁦@wpjenna⁩ - Trump rallies frozen in time  https://t.co/c3F166FhRO
RT @seungminkim: As the issue of deficits comes back into the news, @realDonaldTrump	says he'll ask every Cabinet official in meeting to cu…
D's are jumping all over McConnell's comments yesterday on Medicare, SS. 	@lindsemcpherson pointed out on D press call that McConnell didn't exactly say he was going to cut them.	Nevertheless D's plan to "make sure the country knows" - per Sen Van Hollen
@byrdinator At least it wasn't off the record
The Post is launching a great new morning newsletter, Power Up - sign up here!:	https://t.co/iIy0FCbTbk
RT @WPJohnWagner: McConnell calls deficit ‘very disturbing,’ blames federal spending, dismisses criticism of tax cut, via @damianpaletta ht…
Good piece by @sarahnferris pulling back the curtain on Congress' (and Trump's) spending binge 	https://t.co/4fAWnJ0Fz2
(Some may be intentionally reading it wrong, allowing them to respond with outrage to said reading) 	https://t.co/FSmEhXXI82
RT @PowerPost: The swamp is starting to shun #SaudiArabia. But @realDonaldTrump is not, via @ToryNewmyer https://t.co/G1vPEeCMiH
DHS shutdown showdown?Trump, GOP promise post-election fight on Wall - but without a plan. W/ ⁦@jdawsey1⁩  https://t.co/CySXAytq9j
McConnell just lined up a bunch of nomination votes after which everyone will go home until after the election!
@ahrferrier Happy birthday Antonia! Didn't know it was your birthday
@burgessev Hm interesting
Also McCarthy's going to intro his $23.4b wall bill as early as tomorrow. 	Steve Doocy mentioned the bill this am to Trump, who said "That's right."	https://t.co/zU1Fi8JsMn
Trump on Fox &amp; Friends this am: "Right after the election we’re doing something very strong on the wall."	But what? And what's the plan to get him the wall $$ he wants? NO ONE KNOWS
tfw you try to watch the TN Senate debate but watch an old one by mistake and it takes you like 20 minutes to realize they really should have mentioned Brett Kavanaugh or Taylor Swift by now
Shelby also remarked on Kevin McCarthy's new bill to "fully fund" the wall with $25b. "That's a lot of money ... Wowww."
Sen Shelby, on whether there's a plan to get Trump the border wall $$ he wants after midterms: "Not that I know of. And I think I'd know."
For more on the 50-50 failure of the Baldwin resolution (with Collins YES and Murkowski NO)  --&gt;	https://t.co/OPqymPJry8
The resolution failed 50-50. 	This was Tammy Baldwin's resolution to undo Trump admin rule expanding use of short-term insurance plans that can deny coverage for pre-ex conditions	https://t.co/euHvZ41CvG
Murkowski NO, Collins YES on Dem resolution to undo Trump rule on short-term insurance plans - meaning it likely fails on 50-50 tie
Corker says he’ll make “something” public in the next few hours related to disappearance of Saudi journalist/Post columnist 		“There are actions we can take that don’t require a vote and again we hope to have something out this afternoon.”
Cornyn observes that "you don't see thousands of people gathering in the halls or the malls or out in front of Congress" over WRDA -- but it's important anyway!
ICYMI- via ⁦@eliseviebeck⁩ &amp; ⁦@Gabriel_Pogrund⁩ - Amid Kavanaugh uproar, changes to Congress’s sexual harassment rules stall https://t.co/4QHDx77UvT
@pkcapitol @brendanmdunn @kelsey_snell @jeremyherb @SenBobCorker As someone who has witnessed several of the incidents Paul refers to, I feel bound to state that user error has not been eliminated as a factor
RT @GlennKesslerWP: ICYMI --&gt; Susan Collins’s wrong claim on Planned Parenthood and Supreme Court justices https://t.co/0bwTuVzWR5
McConnell speaking just now on  @840WHAS in Louisville says Kavanaugh fight has been "a shot of adrenaline to Republican voters" that "enhanced our chances of holding onto the Senate" in Ind, Mo, ND, Mont, Tenn
RT @eliseviebeck: Over the last 48 hours, Mitch McConnell’s been asked what he would do if there was a SCOTUS vacancy in 2020. Would he fol…
From yesterday: Ryan promises “big fight” over Trump’s border wall after midterms  https://t.co/zl0Mg7S7KI
RT @davecclarke: A day of protests, emotion on Capitol Hill as Kavanaugh nears confirmation @ericawerner and @eliseviebeck https://t.co/FgA…
This scenario is called a "Pair Between Senators," per @StewSays , as he explains: https://t.co/3miu79OEv4
Per @pkcapitol , Murkowski spoke to an empty chamber. 	In marked contrast to Collins.
Murkowski says she will vote NO tomorrow -- but will ask to be recorded "present" to accommodate Daines' absence at his daughter's wedding. 	"I have extended this as a courtesy to my friend. It will not change the outcome of the vote."
"After the hearing that we all watched ... it became clear to me, or was becoming clear, that that appearance of impropriety has become unavoidable."
Murkowski: "The reason I could not support Judge Kavanaugh": And she quotes from the judicial code of conduct, to the effect that "A judge should act at all times in a manner that promotes public confidence in the independence, integrity and impartiality of the judiciary."
Murkowski says she agrees with many of Collins' points. "I do not think Judge Kavanaugh will be a vote to overturn Roe V. Wade" or to undermine pre-existing conditions, or threaten Alaska natives.
Murkowski: "I was truly leaning toward supporting Judge Kavanaugh ... But we know that in our role of advice and consent it is not just the record ... also matters of temperament and demeanor that are very very important."
Murkowski, speaking on the floor. Calls Kavanaugh "a good man" who has been "damaged terribly."	"As a legislative branch we have an obligation, a moral obligation, to do better than this."
Lindsey Graham: "Senator Collins’ speech was one of the most consequential speeches in the history of the United States."
Manchin came out of his office to talk to media right after issuing stmt on “yes” vote. Totally drowned out by chants of “Shame, Shame, Shame” from protesters
@StevenTDennis I'm shocked to hear that
Penny Nance of Concerned Women for America commenting on Murkowski: 	"I just wonder about her future in the Republican Party. It'll be interesting to see what her re-election holds, and I think that you'll see probably renewed opposition to her in the state of Alaska."
Confrontation following protests &amp; arrests outside Flake’s office https://t.co/tTS3Kt1M9K
Pro-Kavanaugh prayers in Hart building https://t.co/v6vrE13roe
Booker: “We’ve seen what happens when it comes to last-minute moments where Collins, Murkowski and the late John McCain saved American health care as we know it, so we’ll see what happens on this.”
Feinstein: “You could interpret it that 51 people wanted the process to go ahead, but when the actual vote comes 1 or 2 might not vote. We’re speculating- I have no way of knowing.”
RT @Bencjacobs: Manchin votes YES on cloture
RT @learyreports: Murkowski voted no on cloture.
Coons says he spoke with Flake this am - but Flake didn’t tell him how he’s voting, and Coons didn’t press
This man yelling “Support Judge Kavanaugh, thus says the lord” https://t.co/Ba6xrPdI62
https://t.co/nkBxe37dQA
https://t.co/emiizK4JQL
Protest by Center for American Progress Action outside Capitol rn https://t.co/AiPXWMkCnl
Outside Capitol rn- group called https://t.co/9ZXyCazDHW representing a human wall against Trump, Kavanaugh https://t.co/hCgyKL8wUI
In deep-red Tennessee, Republicans are anxious about the U.S. Senate race- via ⁦@myhlee⁩ and ⁦@WaPoSean⁩  https://t.co/3kkGutU1Tq
Tester: “Why they only have one copy I will never know.”
Deal to give fed workers a pay raise also could lift pay freeze affecting Pence and the Cabinet. With @Reinlwapo	https://t.co/Kr1POnA2rM
In other NEWS: Fed workers would see pay raise next year under GOP deal that rebuffs Trump 	https://t.co/Kr1POnA2rM
Cornyn says Republicans are having an "Atticus Finch moment"
Capitol Mood: 	Line at Cups to the door  	Members of Capitol cleaning staff in intent convo re Kavanaugh
“I think we’ll just get the information and look at it” Feinstein said on FBI report. She said she did not know what the process/location for this would be.
Feinstein says she doesn’t expect D’s to get briefed on the FBI report, which she guesses will come tomorrow. 	How/where will D’s view it? “I don’t know.”
Schumer: "President Trump's outright mockery of a sexual assault survivor, riddled as it was with falsehoods, was reprehensible. ... President Trump owes Dr Ford an immediate apology."
Schumer responding to McConnell: "So tempted to use the L word, but he's my friend, to say the Democrats caused the delay."
McConnell: "If Democrats had their way the goalposts on Judge Kavanaugh would be in another time zone by now."
RT @MatthewDalyWDC: Murkowski appears in no hurry even as McConnell pledges to move forward with Kavanaugh vote this week. 'He talked about…
Trump "deserves praise" on NAFTA deal, Chuck Schumer says https://t.co/tuE2NdMnZ5
RT @byHeatherLong: Remember Las Vegas shooting hero Jonathan Smith?		He barely left his home for ~6 months after the shooting.	But his #Cou…
What was his biggest concession in making the new NAFTA deal?: "My biggest concession was making the deal" Trump says.
Trump on tariffs: “I’m using them to negotiate.”
"It's one of my only good traits. I don't drink. ... Can you imagine if I had what a mess I'd be? I'd be the world's worst." - Trump
"They're loco but that's ok" Trump says on the media
Trump on The Wall: "I have a very big decision to make right after the election." 		Continues to say he would personally like to force a funding fight on the wall before the election (even though he signed spending bill Friday kicking it til after).
Less than an hour til the government doesn’t shut down!
Via @eliseviebeck @WaPoSean @pkcapitol -Jeff Flake takes center stage in Kavanaugh drama — with no clear final act  https://t.co/mzh6FQUxSM
Cornyn on next steps: "We'll wait til the report comes back from the FBI and then the leader would file for cloture and then the vote would ensue. I believe next week."
Graham: "All I can say is that next week this will be over. ... I really believe, I believe he will be on the court."
Grassley coming thru basement a bit ago refers to their statement and "a very successful day by moving the nominee."	"You can’t ask me anything else because I don’t want to screw anything up, we’ve got the statement so that we’re all saying the same thing.”
Cornyn says his understanding is WH has agreed to initiate FBI investigation. 	Said this is a delay but he anticipates kav gets confirmed.
After Grassley gavels to close, Feinstein can be heard asking whether they were supposed to have voted on Flake's plan. 	Grassley says no. "This is all a gentlemen's and women's agreement."
You haven't lived until you've ... 	https://t.co/pkiwEDxC71
OMG Flake calling to delay floor vote, FBI investigation
At least there will not be a government shutdown .. or at least not til Dec 8	(Trump signed CR today)
Rosen and Sinema both D Senate candidates. 	This is the scenario Senate leaders wanted to avoid -- and why the bill will never be on Senate floor -- allowing Dems to "get right" on tax cuts, to undercut attacks they voted "no" on original bill 	https://t.co/sr94MbB9kS
Very interesting trio of Dems voting YES on today's tax cut bill in the House: https://t.co/FTiSh0hh77
Grassley and Tester are in line for some of that farm bailout $$, per @JStein_WaPo --	https://t.co/InEROdot4I
As its final order of business before midterms the House has passed a new round of tax cuts. 	They will now go home and campaign.
And with this his confirmation is likely assured	https://t.co/nQMW0aRm6w
Via @daveweigel , how Kavanaugh and other R’s are punching back like Trump —&gt; https://t.co/kdJKsKhBwn
Our wrap-up of yesterday’s remarkable events-&gt;	An emotional hearing as Kavanaugh nomination hangs in the balance https://t.co/hUFZSKTfXB
Silent no more, Senate’s angry Republican men roar to Kavanaugh’s defense https://t.co/2ESHJtHt1q
"I'm going to go home, have some dinner, and have a chance to think about all that's gone on today," Murkowski said. Would she like more time? "I will have more time if I have less need to answer questions that I'm not going to answer right now."
"It was long and it was detailed and it was very important to get out in the record," Murkowski said on today's testimony.
Murkowski just left saying she wants to go home, have dinner and think about things. 	Didn’t respond when asked if she’d made her decision.
RT @rachaelmbade: .@SenTomCotton, after attacking the great @ericawerner as the “media wing of the Dem party” 4 asking if he was worried ab…
They are full steam ahead on vote in committee tmrw, floor Saturday. 	Suggests leadership confidence they have the votes.
Wicker exits meeting. Says committee will tomorrow morning and Senate will vote Saturday on motion to proceed.
Manchin leaves short meeting w Collins, Murkowski, Flake .. without saying much
Flake wouldn’t say much as he headed into GOP Senators meeting. Does he believe Dr Ford? “I’m not answering those kinds of questions.”
RT @sarahdwire: The last time we heard from Prosecutor Rachel Mitchell, the woman the GOP brought in to ask questions, she was asking him a…
Graham unmoved. "This is all delay."
RonJohn: 	"I think most people listen to Professor Ford and say she completely believes what she's saying." 	Do you believe what she's saying?	"I know she believes it."	But you don't?	"We have to take a look at the totality of the evidence. You know, where's the corroboration?"
tfw you mistakenly ask actual members of the Judiciary Committee if they’ve been watching the hearing 		(Answer: they have)
RonJohn: “My understanding was our outside counsel was going to have larger blocks of time to have a little more continuity in questioning”
Shelby says he thinks Ford has performed well but he hasn’t seen any “game-changing stuff” so far
Capito: “It’s very compelling and emotional for her obviously and I think anybody who’s watching it’s gotta feel the same way.”
Sen Rounds has been too busy in meetings to watch Dr Ford testify. Says he found her written statement “very well written.”
Great read from @damianpaletta on something other than Kavanaugh-&gt;	https://t.co/X0RUqA1eN8
Trump: "In this case you're guilty until proven innocent. I think that is a very very dangerous standard for our country."
"I'm happy if they're happy" Trump says on his vision for peace in the Middle East
As for NAFTA, Trump says, "What we’re probably going to do is call it the USMC, like the United States Marine Corps, which I love, … but it possibly or probably will be the USM."
Trump says he turned down meeting with Trudeau. 	"His tariffs are too high and he doesn’t seem to want to move and I said forget about it."
Trump says women are the ones who've complained to him most about the Kavanaugh situation (in support of Kavanaugh). 	"I have women that are incensed at what's going on. I've always said women are smarter than men."
House overwhelmingly, 361-61, passes legislation to fund Pentagon, HHS and keep government open past midterms - delaying border wall fight.	Trump indicated earlier today he will sign. 	If so, what an amazingly low-drama conclusion to the fiscal year.
"That's what I hear, that's what I hear," Trump says of Chinese election meddling. Adds that "we have evidence."
Trump: "When I see it I view it differently than someone at home watching television ... It's happened to me many times. I've had many false accusations."
Trump: "I've been accused, I've been accused. False accusations."	Four or five women were "paid a lot of money" to make up accusations but the mainstream media wouldn't report it, Trump adds.
RT @sarahnferris: House voting now to finalize two big spending bills and to pass CR thru Dec 7.		Vast majority "yea" votes so far. Unlike…
Trump: "George Washington would be voted against 100 percent by Schumer and the con artists."
Trump: "I could pick a woman and she could have charges made from many years ago too."
RT @ylanmui: POTUS: "We'll keep the government open."
Flake giving floor speech about how Ford and Kavanaugh are "human beings"	"These are human beings with families and children"
Efficient to pair these two issues	https://t.co/Uegs07NOw0
Joe Barton stood up in GOP conference this am and told members that the Washington Post predicted he would lose in '84 and he won ... therefore there's hope for the majority. Per GOP source.		(Reagan won Texas 64-36 that year)
“That’s what the hearing is about” Ryan says when asked who’s telling the truth - Kavanaugh or Ford
RT @JakeSherman: Ryan says trump told him he’ll sign the spending bill. [clip and save]
RT @kristinapet: Gems from the Kavanaugh calendar: May 20, 1982: "Go to library." May 3: "Cut our lawn."
Scalise boosts Kav at House GOP presser: “Every single girl” he’s dated that’s come forward said he “deserves to be on the Supreme Court”
RT @damianpaletta: The yearlong staredown between Trump and Trudeau brings us to this point: The White House will attempt to kick Canada ou…
GOP campaigns ditch tax law and focus on immigration, crime ahead of midterm elections https://t.co/Bm7wauzJFF
RT @rachaelmbade: If the hearing goes poorly for Kavanaugh tomorrow, he MAY want to change the subject... https://t.co/jhSfQiIOT1
Amid Kavanaugh drama, House passing bill today to avert a little something called a government shutdown in 4 days. 		But will Trump sign?
RT @danbalz: Terrific work by our Stern Fellow, @Gabriel_Pogrund , who is part of a great WaPo tradition of young British reporters whose r…
McConnell opening Senate:	"Senate Democrats and their allies are trying to destroy a man's personal and professional life on the basis of decades' old allegations that are unsubstantiated and uncorroborated. ..."	Kavanaugh "will be voted on here on the Senate floor."
What a week!	-Kavanaugh	_Government shutdown deadline 	_Fed expected to raise interest rates	-NAFTA deadline	-UNGA
RT @damianpaletta: Six days until a government shutdown. President Trump still hasn’t committed to sign the spending bill emerging from Con…
‘100 Kegs or Bust’: Kavanaugh friend, Mark Judge, has spent years writing about high school debauchery https://t.co/iwegvGqpge
Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey Ford moved 3,000 miles to reinvent her life. It wasn’t far enough. https://t.co/oxKW5weJMm
Kavanaugh will be on court, McConnell tells Value Voters Summit. "We're going to plow right through it."	https://t.co/h9c7VLwqXz
Trump today will sign first batch of FY19 spending bills - energy&amp;water- Milcon/VA- legislative branch. Only ones Congress has sent him so far. 	So those agencies at least stay open even if everything else shuts down Oct 1. https://t.co/TcPZbLEhWt
RT @ToryNewmyer: America is richer than ever but most Americans aren't: A tale of two economies ahead of the midterms	https://t.co/E3gAB9Ff…
RT @jdawsey1: "Here we are almost two years into an administration, and significant funding has not happened." Trump demands a border wall…
RT @Gabriel_Pogrund: Kavanaugh’s accuser thought her life would be upended. She was right. Necessary reading by @eliseviebeck https://t.co/…
Great piece by @WaPoSean— Feinstein under scrutiny for handling of allegations against Kavanaugh https://t.co/A31W8HgOix https://t.co/RoDh35zGSK
McConnell says in response to a question that he's not concerned "about tanking the nomination."
McConnell: "She could do it privately if she prefers, or publicly if she prefers. Monday is her opportunity."
"Just shut up and step up!" Sen Mazie Hirono says to the "men in this country" as Dems showcase women senators at their weekly presser
No votes: 	Flake	Lee	Paul 	Perdue	Sanders	Sasse	Toomey
In other news, the Senate has voted 93-7 to pass a CR through Dec. 7 that punts the wall fight til then -- while approving massive 2019 spending package for Pentagon and Labor/HHS/Education. 	Still must pass House (and get signed)
Schumer quotes Trump from Woodward book advising “deny, deny.”	“Is Judge Kavanaugh taking a page from President Trump’s playbook?”
RT @mikedebonis: Red-letter day in congressional transparency: CRS reports now officially searchable and available to the public! https://t…
Sen Durbin is on the floor discussing history of Clarence Thomas-Anita Hill hearing -- including a UC vote in the Senate to delay vote on Thomas' nomination.	He is arguing that Anita Hill's allegations were handled better than Dr Blasey's have been
RT @jdawsey1: Welcome to the Post, @mviser!
McConnell: "This alleged incident is completely at variance with his entire life history."
McConnell speaking on Dr. Blasey's accusation: "Through no fault of hers, Senate Democrats chose to play politics and keep it secret ... they sat on this information for nearly 7 weeks ... until they leaked it to the press."
McConnell praises Kavanaugh, accuses Dems of waiting til 11th hour and leaking allegation. Says he has confidence in Grassley to handle.
Sen Daines: “The committee needs to hear from both Dr Ford and from Judge Kavanaugh regarding these allegations.”
RT @WaPoSean: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell just walked into his office in the Capitol. I asked him whether he believes Ford’s all…
Sen Hatch said back then of Anita Hill that “her story just doesn’t add up.”	https://t.co/1QxT8Y9lt5
RT @mikedebonis: He's running. https://t.co/l9mdvLn98c
!!--&gt;	https://t.co/szLn6v0pOF
RT @jjouvenal: BREAKING: Prosecutors say Paul Manafort's plea deal includes 17 page cooperation agreement.
RT @JeanneWhalen: This Iowa city forged an unusual friendship with China and its president. Then came the soybean tariffs. https://t.co/3JP…
The CR postponing the wall fight until Dec 7 will be attached to massive 2019 spending bills for the Pentagon and Labor/HHS.	The former a huge GOP/Trump priority. The latter a big Dem priority. 	So everyone wins - at least theoretically.
RT @damianpaletta: Congress is punting Trump's demand for border wall $$$ until Dec. 7, one month AFTER midterm elections and one month BEF…
Congress will pass a CR through Dec 7, Frelinghuysen says		Except for DOD/Labor-HHS - which will carry CR - and VA etc clearing today
As W&amp;M Committee prepares to pass new round of tax cuts, Dem Rep Pascrell remarks that the current tax law is now less popular than Obamacare. 	"I can't imagine anyone in the movie business backing a sequel to such a flop."
Cryptic response from Rep @DanaRohrabacher when asked about gov't funding, border wall: 	"Well, I can't answer any questions about the way things seem to you guys, because what you seem may not be the way it is."	He declined to elaborate.
This spending package set to pass House today. White House says Trump will sign. 	https://t.co/COOFkk0nxN
GOP Rep Curbelo says it’s “regrettable” that anyone would seek to “politicize” this event	https://t.co/XR1qFG755c
The Senate will cast its first and last roll call votes of the week tonight, McConnell just announced
get excited	https://t.co/nCO5bRZjSE
RT @AmeliaFrappolli: A one-minute speech topic that I didn't expect: the 100-year anniversary of the Spanish flu pandemic.		Rep. Buddy Cart…
RT @AshleyRParker: “Even bigger than anticipated!” My look at Trump describing even calamity in superlative terms, rendering him more a rub…
RT @peterbakernyt: Even as the economy powers ahead, the deficit is rocketing up too, running 33 percent higher than last year. ⁦@damianpal…
RT @damianpaletta: Trying to sort out Dimon’s motivation here... https://t.co/rBKPeJEOFl
Levi Sanders loses tonight - having never secured father Bernie’s endorsement. Earlier story by @Gabriel_Pogrund  https://t.co/4egWKs8Vl5
RT @feliciasonmez: Government borrowing soars despite robust economy, @damianpaletta &amp; 	@ericawerner report: https://t.co/7s1VwdAtqZ
‘Shipwreck’: GOP grows fearful about losing Senate as candidates struggle, Trump support tumbles https://t.co/k5RQzuwmQy
RT @damianpaletta: Trump, on shutdowns:	TUES: “I don’t like the idea of shutdowns,”	WED: “If it happens, it happens.”	THURS: “I don't want…
RT @damianpaletta: NEW: Ryan and McConnell used visual props at their White House meeting Wednesday to try and convince Trump to avoid a sh…
About that WH meeting: Ryan brought pics of the Wall, McConnell a flattering article. W/ @damianpaletta @jdawsey1  https://t.co/OP2FS4HNfe
He was for it before he was for it (although in between he was against it)	https://t.co/6xqSa1hQ6a
Latest flip-flop from Trump over govt shutdown - telling Fox he’d do it “in a second” if it was up to him but will wait til after midterms https://t.co/rmS6UPQfu1
Sen Murray speaking on floor, re Trump &amp; Wall: 	"Maybe he's talking about shutting down the Mexican government so he can get money in Mexican spending bills. But if he's talking about trying to get American taxpayers to foot the bill, well that's not going to happen."
Paul Ryan at his newser today, via @mikedebonis - https://t.co/pmdzJcDFsJ
Other House R's acknowledge they won't be confident Trump will sign those bills until he actually does it 	https://t.co/8WYfLSuOTw
RT @AliABCNews: .@SenBobCorker: "I think the biggest issue they're going to have is figuring out who WOULDN'T have written a letter like th…
RT @wjosephcampbell: Front page @wsj, 25 June 1974, 10 days after publication date of 'All the President's Men' @jackshafer https://t.co/Wq…
RT @washingtonpost: Publishing that anonymous New York Times article wasn’t "gutless." But writing it probably was, says @Sulliview https:/…
Interesting from @ToryNewmyer in today's Finance202 on WH efforts to challenge fed gov't stats on flat wage growth	https://t.co/bcZutkzmgD
RT @ffrommer: Nice read by my former @AP colleague @ericawerner 	 https://t.co/DUC7hsqc7C
@ffrommer @AP Aw thanks Fred!
@StevenTDennis @seungminkim Then why are you telling Seung Min about your cheeseburger you cruel man
@gagen_patricia They actually butted heads big-time over sales of a Russian-made rocket engine - didn’t have room for that anecdote but google it!
McConnell on Fox News: "We still are in favor of the wall, we still want to get funding for the wall, but we think the best time to have that discussion is after the election."
@robt_interrupte It looks like funding will be in place for FY2019 but they’ll have to look at again for FY20
"What if? What if it rains?" was McCarthy's comment earlier when asked about the possibility of Trump reversing himself on a shutdown 	https://t.co/gvax9vznsm
"I don't think I have to do that" Paul Ryan said earlier when asked if he's going to try to convince Trump not to shut down the gov't	And yet .. https://t.co/v62azNftaY
RT @damianpaletta: Just the best example that no one speaks for Trump except for Trump. https://t.co/xyGMYFzVc7
After seeming to rule out a near-term shutdown earlier today in Daily Caller interview, Trump now seems to be ruling it back in. From pool report: https://t.co/EtHQszjzSG
Approps minibus conference committee has gotten underway without interruptions from protesters.
McCarthy assures us there will be no shutdown. 	Asked what if Trump changes his mind and vetoes: "What if? What if it rains?" 	"I think we're moving through with the appropriation bills, we're getting them done and we're going to make them law," McCarthy says.
Mulvaney's message to House Republican Study Committee today: "There will be no shutdown efforts on the part of the president" - per Rep Newhouse
RT @LACaldwellDC: Walking into GOP Senate lunch in the Capitol, @VP Pence was asked by @ElizLanders if he had confidence in the attorney ge…
Love this detail from @sarahnferris on Leahy, Shelby and their truce—https://t.co/PbFC80kmmZ
Sen Capito shared deets on Shelby's approach during meeting with Trump on border wall $$. Shelby led in with 10-minute windup convo on college football and Bear Bryant (a famed coach, evidently) .. A "very skillful" performance per Capito	https://t.co/bOiwXu4WGe
For the most part we ask them respectfully and in a normal tone of voice... either way McConnell rarely engages. Which is his prerogative of course (and asking questions is ours). 	https://t.co/mcdZhQGEee
RT @damianpaletta: Trump backs down from "shutdown" threat as GOP leaders plead for "no drama" September https://t.co/VLXOW2fWUI
Chris Dodd recounts dining with Shelby ..  McConnell was at a nearby table and Dodd went over and told him Shelby had saved the Republican Party by refusing to back Roy Moore. McConnell just looked at him. 	https://t.co/9upHCMABTw
Sen. Shelby: “You can’t do things unilaterally. You know, sometimes people that want their way, they claim ‘I’m the dealmaker, it’s my way,’ or whatever. I never approach negotiations like that."	Our profile of the Appropriations Committee chairman: 	https://t.co/FN2jRtywlg
RT @DonnaCassata: Shelby, Trump prepare for a trillion-dollar tug-of-war over the future of the GOP https://t.co/xGXtPTWEyu
RT @seungminkim: What?? https://t.co/xbfKfqGF4T
RT @burgessev: “I don’t like the idea of shutdowns,” Trump on Sept. 4. 		https://t.co/1cW9EvnQ4H		"I would be willing to 'shut down' govern…
RT @burgessev: Graham says he has “all the confidence in the world” in McConnell and says he just wanted to repeal ACA. Says idea was raise…
Ryan has nothing to say on Woodward book and refers us to White House. 	Also says he hasn’t spoken to Woodward in years.
Ryan says shutdown not in anyone’s interest and Trump knows that
“I don’t think I have to do that” Ryan says about whether he’s going to ask Trump today not to shut down government.
Mark Meadows, however, suggests border wall fight will be put off past Sept 30 and that Trump ok with that 	https://t.co/J8L4X894Bs
Jim Jordan arguing to put $5b in Wall funding on whatever spending bill they can ASAP. Says was central promise from 2016 campaign.
Per Rep Massie: Message from GOP leadership this am on coming month was “no drama.”	But “the people sent us here to fight,” Massie says.
RT @PowerPost: #NAFTA negotiations resume as #Canada takes harder line, via @ToryNewmyer https://t.co/Caop1S3Y3N
A Supreme scrum: It’s slam-bam in first round of Kavanaugh hearings https://t.co/sH6preAhGB
RT @Gabriel_Pogrund: Southern GOP senators blast Trump calling Sessions “dumb Southerner” and “mentally retarded”. Incl Richard Shelby tell…
‘Congress has decided to self-neuter.’ One senator’s compelling theory for why the Kavanaugh hearings are so ugly.… https://t.co/Ft0WT5CXAU
Shelby on Trump describing Sessions as "mentally retarded," per Woodward book: 	"I think that's strong words. I think Sessions is a very smart man and a man of integrity. I would disagree with the president on that."
SHELBY reacting to Trump's mockery of Jeff Sessions, including making fun of his southern accent: 	"I think the president's probably got a lot of respect for the South, I hope so. He did well there. Without the South he wouldn't be the president of the United States."
Mark Meadows in the chair leading the pledge of allegiance as the House convenes for the first time since July
RT @GlennKesslerWP: 2013 tweet --&gt; https://t.co/gAIZJ3CbOS
On top of everything else -- 11 legislative days to fund the government before Sept. 30.	Welcome back!
Also from our story on the Woodward book, via @costareports and @PhilipRucker : https://t.co/nMO21mO56O
So many explosive passages in here. 	Kelly on Trump: : “He’s an idiot. It’s pointless to try to convince him of anything. He’s gone off the rails. We’re in Crazytown. I don’t even know why any of us are here. This is the worst job I’ve ever had.”	https://t.co/cK8qM8z56g
RT @stevenjay: BREAKING ----&gt; Bob Woodward’s new book reveals a ‘nervous breakdown’ of Trump’s presidency https://t.co/cLsGdRRPac
RT @pkcapitol: @KevinMcLaughlin @jameshohmann Ideology is no longer defined by policy. It is entirely based on emotion. It took root on the…
RT @NoamLevey: Obamacare returns to court in a new test for the 2010 law and millions who rely on it https://t.co/QInl8Olv0Q
Great lede by @peterbakernyt https://t.co/8p84lwAC3r
RT @RyanCostello: Slim, Ms @ericawerner, is probably too  optimistic! https://t.co/tneyXxsj4B
RT @frankthorp: The public viewing of @SenJohnMcCain’s casket as it lies in state is now over. It will be transported tomorrow morning from…
RT @frankthorp: Goodnight, @SenJohnMcCain. #RIP https://t.co/Pay8CazXz0
Hatch stmt: https://t.co/seX8ge6ttd
Chances any new NAFTA deal gets approved by Congress this year are slim to none, especially if Canada is excluded
RT @kelsey_snell: A partial view of half the line to see McCain lie in state. There’s a very large group of naval officers in dress whites…
Full story from @PhilipRucker and @sfcpoll -- 	https://t.co/rgyijCKarO
Wow on this from our new poll, which also shows Trump disapproval at a new high of 60 percent: https://t.co/NA1tSMBWHl
RT @seungminkim: Cindy McCain and @LindseyGrahamSC just entered the Senate chamber to visit @SenJohnMcCain’s desk one final time
RT @washingtonpost: John McCain’s remarkable mother: At 106, Roberta McCain has outlived her son https://t.co/iw2y55NIzr
RT @damianpaletta: FRIDAY FUMBLE? NAFTA talks appear to sour after @ddale8 report Trump disparaged Canada. Dairy policy, dispute resolution…
Pence says that because of McCain's support for limited government, tax cuts and the military, he leaves the country better off
VP Pence: "As President Trump said yesterday, we respect his service to the country."
VP Pence: "The president asked me to be here on behalf of a grateful nation, to pay a debt of honor and respect to a man who served his country throughout his life."
McConnell: "He would fight tooth and nail for his vision of the common good. Depending on the issue, you know John would either be your staunchest ally our your most stubborn opponent."
Billy Endress, a 71-year-old Vietnam Vet from NJ, among those lined up to say goodbye to McCain. “I’m here to pay respects to a hero.” https://t.co/rFlGHEmerS
People are already lining up outside the Capitol - more than three hours in advance - to go in and pay final respects to John McCain. https://t.co/I5abp2suq3
RT @kelsey_snell: Zoom in for McCain, out for Russell? h/t @TonyRomm https://t.co/by1uB9n4Ej
RT @Gabriel_Pogrund: SCOOP: Trump privately revived the idea of firing Sessions this month, according to people familiar with the discussio…
RT @TamerELG: Suu Kyi’s longtime backer Mitch McConnell says she was powerless to stop atrocities against Rohingya. With @ericawerner and @…
CORNYN just now, describing breakfast mtg w Sessions just reported by WSJ:		“It kind of turned to the kerfuffle with the president and we all encouraged him to stay strong. ... He’s only human and it can’t be much fun, and so we were offering him our support and encouragement."
McConnell declined to say whether he will take another shot at repealing Obamacare if R’s keep control of Congress
McConnell: “I have total confidence in the attorney general I think he ought to stay exactly where he is.”
McConnell still defending Aung San Suu Kyi
RT @StevenTDennis: David Perdue tells reporters Richard Russell was “a giant of the Senate” and deserves to have a building named after him…
He declined to stop and chat about the trade deal 	https://t.co/VhrTA3rXj0
RT @pkcapitol: “Nice to see you again. I hate the beard, shave the fuckin thing off.”	This and other great moments with McCain over last 2…
RT @pkcapitol: Hesitation among some Republicans to replacing Russell's name with McCain, as McConnell suggests a task force/gang study to…
Sen Pat Roberts from last night, suggesting political considerations played into announcement of Mexico trade deal https://t.co/Bw9awIZCFp
McConnell recommending creation of a committee -- or "gang" as he put it -- to study and determine best way of permanently honoring McCain, including possibly adding McCain portrait into Senate Reception room
Grassley: “I’d be in favor of naming almost any building for McCain. But I’m not sure that I want to make a decision on a specific building at this point.”	Via @Gabriel_Pogrund
Corker struggled to name a colleague who could fill the role of challenging Trump - with McCain's death and his own retirement.   	"I don't know, I mean, uh, Ron Johnson maybe?"	This drew a quizzical response from reporters. Corker said he'd keep thinking about it.
RT @StevenTDennis: Flag at half-staff at the U.S. Capitol for John McCain https://t.co/DjY9MaFgwn
Moving words from Sen McCain's farewell statement https://t.co/KTxlgrhw7b
WH briefers were asked what the deal would be called, if not NAFTA, if Canada does enter back in. 	"We'll figure something out."
WH briefers were asked if Mexico is on board with a bilateral agreement w/out Canada. 	They did not definitively say so - and said to ask the Mexicans.
The deal would be reviewed every 6 years -- and then extended another 16 years if all is satisfactory, per WH briefers. If not it would begin to be reviewed annually with the hope of reaching another 16-year extension	https://t.co/EQYEA84NQk
Per WH briefing call, the US-Mexico agreement would have a 16-year lifespan -- after which could be renewed -- as opposed to five-year sunset US had discussed
Apparently Trump's ability to withdraw unilaterally from NAFTA is a "legal gray area" -- per trade attorney @danujczo
Reax from Hatch and Cornyn: They want Canada IN a final deal
Republicans struggle to run with Trump but against his trade wars https://t.co/EagtamHcsI
RT @jdawsey1: White House statement, drafted by Sarah Sanders and others, labeled McCain a “hero” and praised his life. Trump didn’t want i…
RT @pkcapitol: This is a wonderful @MarkSalter55 piece. He’s spent decades channeling McCain’s voice. Now it’s his own view. Wonderful. 		h…
RT @pkcapitol: My look at McCain, the Senate and how much Washington is diminished without him. 		https://t.co/5GlnEtQ1Wx
RT @pkcapitol: This @brianschatz statement was spot on:	“We lost a hero at a time when we need them. We lost a statesman when there are so…
RT @Miamicurt: Florida candidate says alien abduction doesn't define her (from @AP) https://t.co/2qDG4GJSnh
Trump endorses Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith in closely watched Mississippi Senate race -via @WaPoSean  https://t.co/Md3ZCndfTm
GOP senator: Trump backs tenets of compromise on criminal-justice reform - via @seungminkim  https://t.co/9R1QctQ3vm
One hates Trump. The other loves him. Two West Virginians wait for the president. - via @wpjenna @GregJaffe  https://t.co/XNeHLsOD9X
Smart analysis of where we are, from the inimitable @StCollinson -  https://t.co/tUHEYrWNNh
New Treasury proposal would block state Democrats’ attempts to weaken GOP tax law https://t.co/w9EgCbZ1d3
@BresPolitico @pkcapitol @kelsey_snell Not all heroes wear capes. Some wear PASHMINAS
Senate adjourns til Monday, but not before passing this bill by unanimous consent--&gt; https://t.co/b7f9rauxXP
@seungminkim What about how fabulous my pashmina is that is tied around your head and ice pack?
RT @BresPolitico: Umm, brutal day for Post reporters on Capitol Hill. ⁦@seungminkim⁩ hit head, ⁦@ericawerner⁩ has leg injury. But does thes…
NRSC wasting no time on that Planned Parenthood vote -- https://t.co/omRTBx9rHS
@caitlinnowens Terrible! Those things are instruments of torture
Beware the marble staircases in the Senate! So far this week TWO Washington Post reporters have wiped out on them
No Dems crossed over to vote for Paul's amendment; Collins and Murkowski were the two R's crossing over to vote "no"
Paul amendment to defund Planned Parenthood fails with 45 Y, 48 N
In next little while Senate will vote on Paul planned parenthood defunding amendment and on this appropriations minibus
Sen Sasse on the floor defending Sessions and saying he shouldn't be fired for refusing to be a "political hack." Gets in some jabs at colleagues who've been speculating about Sessions' future today
Hope this Burr thing about objecting to your own UC request catches on. Could save some time in the Senate.
His objection was unanimous, at least until Sen Bennet stood up and objected to it	https://t.co/uq72Etgee2
Manchin already put out a press release an hour ago announcing he was getting a vote on his amendment affirming pre-ex protections. 	Now appears he's not getting that vote, in Senate amendment fight meltdown
Rand Paul on floor calls for a vote on his amendment to defund Planned Parenthood,  ... Durbin asks for side-by-side on Manchin amendment preserving pre-existing condition protections in ACA .. Cornyn tries to modify requests 		But in the end they all object to each other
As recently as 3 weeks ago in gaggle with me, @StevenTDennis and others Grassley was still taking credit for having saved Sessions' job by telling the WH he didn't have time for hearings 	https://t.co/8O4OCP9lXg
@burgessev Aw that means a lot Burgess thank you
Capito adds: "That crowd was rocking last night for President Trump. The policies that he’s put forward on the .. confidence and belief in America and jobs first in this country are exactly what we need."
Sen Capito says it was a big honor and thrill traveling with Trump yesterday on AF1.	Trump's mood on the plane: 	“Feisty. You know he’s a fighter and I think he feels, at least yesterday, besieged, and not too happy about it.”
There have now been two bouts of applause heard coming from the Senate GOP lunch in the last 20 minutes or so
(McConnell does not address various other issues in the news needless to say)	https://t.co/JjqdajLig2
McConnell opens Senate talking about benefits from GOP econ policies including WV where he notes Trump visited yesterday.	"It's really amazing when you remember that only one of WV's senators voted for the tax reform policies that helped make all this good news possible."
What candidate Trump would say about President Trump’s economic record https://t.co/WILSgylcOn
Cohen’s claim about Trump may spark calls for impeachment but is unlikely to lead to charges https://t.co/sM6jfJKpuH
RT @seungminkim: Tomorrow’s @washingtonpost A1 — wow https://t.co/OZ5wFcCho8
Amid Trump criticism of Fed, Sen Scott sought assurances from Jerome Powell on Fed independence With @damianpaletta 	https://t.co/n1R9q2WAkA
RT @damianpaletta: In private meeting with Sen. Scott last week, Fed chairman said he hadn't discussed interest rates with Trump and vowed…
McConnell says security clearances are within Trump’s purview and he doesn’t have any particular advice to give him on that
For some reason Sarah Silverman is in the Senate today https://t.co/zhtMW3tnMK
Mark Warner plans to file amendment today to block Trump on security clearances
Come for the tanning bed, stay for the time Trump supposedly ate some paper -- @jdawsey1 on Omarosa's book 	https://t.co/YuiYGAbhK3
@AmeliaFrappolli Thank you for your fervices digging up ancient proceedings
RT @JStein_WaPo: "Today’s real average wage has about the same purchasing power it did 40 years ago"		Excellent and clear @byHeatherLong di…
(This is all the result of a nearly FIVE YEAR investigation btw)
Also the Ethics Committee has decided to clarify that members shouldn't appear in advertisements and such for their companies -- Mullin apparently got somewhat different guidance from committee staff regarding his plumbing companies https://t.co/ufAQ8XsoII
This is from a House Ethics Committee report today that largely absolves Mullin in a case that raises "novel" issues but says he needs to pay back $40,000 he got bc of an accounting error
In an unforeseeable twist on the issue of members serving on boards, Rep Markwayne Mullin apparently thought he was a board member of a company that did not actually have a board https://t.co/gpU2NSdI93
@burgessev Who is Moose also congratulations on this thread Burgess
RT @ToryNewmyer: Ethics experts say the Collins indictment demonstrates why lawmakers shouldn’t serve on public boards- and maybe shouldn’t…
Appears Bob Corker has been relegated to a spot on the floor behind a chair 	https://t.co/S2Q5aZH0SO
House members are allowed to serve on boards, as long as they aren't paid, although the House Ethics Manual counsels caution in some cases. 	(E&amp;C committee that Collins was on has oversight over drug safety, public health and research, etc ... ) https://t.co/YRxGWZMytE
Berman reveals that Collins learned the news of Innate drug failure via phone call from company CEO while at congressional picnic
"Instead of telling the truth he lied" SDNY USatty Geoffrey Berman says of Chris Collins when FBI interviewed him regarding insider trading		Collins told his son about Innate drug failure "minutes" after learning it. Son sold and tipped others. They avoided $750,000 in losses.
RT @mikedebonis: And an even further flashback... https://t.co/tPlRY8j6oL
Ohio special election shows Democrats remain on the march — even if they don’t win Tuesday - via @mikedebonis  https://t.co/zihURG079Y https://t.co/l4NaibVJ0l
RT @daveweigel: It's official: Missouri voters have STRUCK DOWN the state's right-to-work law, by a landslide.
RT @seungminkim: IG: GSA chief may have misled Congress about White House involvement in FBI headquarters https://t.co/nCjPa34Xfv
Russell Senate subway car enjoys well-earned recess downtime https://t.co/FifPG53HVQ
RT @ToryNewmyer: Is the administration looking to wrap up non-China trade fights? Watch Lighthizer’s Friday meeting w Japanese econ ministe…
RT @pkcapitol: The Sunday @pkcapitol - In defense of the August recess. Working more days won’t fix Congress. It needs to work smarter, mor…
@pkcapitol Delete your account!
RT @hardball: And @ericawerner, @sahilkapur, @jwpetersNYT join tonight's #Hardball roundtable.
RT @byHeatherLong: Trump hates the trade deficit and vowed to reduce it.	So far under his watch, it's growing...		https://t.co/n4JXDv261g…
RT @daveweigel: Rep. Diane Black is the fifth GOP House member of the cycle to run for higher office and lose the primary.
RT @WaPoSean: “The only reason Democrats have a shot in Tennessee is Bredesen himself. Voters fondly remember his tenure as governor and he…
RT @kristinapet: Tim Burchett, winner of TN-2 GOP primary, is an organic gardener who makes his own skateboards out of bamboo that he harve…
More on @marcorubio paid leave bill -- https://t.co/HuG3e9kEqO
Senate will not go to 51 votes, food stamp work requirements will get jettisoned 	https://t.co/2TjIXBBCBy
Rubio announcing paid family leave bill that would allow parents to pull from future Social Security payments. D’s say robs from SS. https://t.co/kS9TOjgkxa
Sen Portman on CNN, re trade: "I honestly don’t think the Chinese government knows what our objectives are."
"You're always asking me what my reaction to the president when I didn't read what the president said" - Grassley on Trump's Sessions tweet		Says he's "always had the position, and so it doesn't matter what the president said, that Mueller should continue to do his work."
Wow #props	(Also @seungminkim ‘s back) https://t.co/zFrQHHDwwe
@jenhab @latimes @politico That's awesome, congrats!!! Great hire @latimes
At this time last year, zero spending bills had passed the Senate	https://t.co/UNGaQubhK5
Trump muses to Rush Limbaugh about whether to shut down the government before or after the midterms https://t.co/B8tYvGCTz8
Trump tells Rush Limbaugh that McCain did a "horrible thing" to the country with Obamacare vote, "and he did it because of me, probably." https://t.co/1QkpeLmNkz
RT @kristinapet: In *actually* surprising Hill news, the Senate has now passed 7 spending bills, a full two months before funding runs out.…
RT @uscapitol: Spotted this morning in Senate Park. https://t.co/Y2xvHC7TiP
Mazel tov!	https://t.co/2K2GnZjl2K
Republicans again reject additional election security spending- first in House and now Senate	https://t.co/dbjYeVYtxA
“Entirely inappropriate and intemperate” Sen Collins just said of this tweet 	https://t.co/fGjq6WeFz3
RT @seungminkim: News —&gt; @realDonaldTrump’s meeting with Senate Republicans this afternoon is on criminal justice reform, I’m told. @SenMik…
Trump threatens again to shut down federal government over border-wall funding https://t.co/UXtYYqlRcI
Congressional Republicans have been arguing against shutdown brinkmanship just ahead of midterms, but alas ..	https://t.co/tfTYUHCviL
Assignment, Oct 26 https://t.co/xZiCi7USck
Some great Hill photos here in honor of one of the more obscure days of observance --&gt;	https://t.co/lH72ZI4LGi
It may be a blip -- per economists -- but great timing for GOP midterm campaigns. Even if 3rd quarter numbers drop that will be right ahead of elex and maybe too late to impact narrative 	https://t.co/CkHU3k44HA
Last vote in the House til September!
RT @Phil_Mattingly: .@SpeakerRyan: "Do I support impeachment of Rod Rosenstein? No I do not."
"Free, fair, balanced, and reciprocal trade!" was Navarro's only comment to reporters upon exiting meeting. Elevator doors then closed.
Kudlow and Navarro wrapped up mtg with House R’s short time ago - reassuring them Trump’s trade strategy working. 	But heard gripes aplenty
RT @WaPoSean: A sign of how intense concern was in the GOP about Trump's trade policies before yesterday -- one R senator told his colleagu…
Ryan denounces snarky Twitter attacks that “poison the well” in remarks aimed at ... interns 	https://t.co/amXNSw88Jq
@byrdinator You have been outdoing yourself on Twitter lately Haley
House Ag Chair Conaway supports. 	“Our president stood up to a bully, now he’s standing up for rural America.”	https://t.co/n060npe1gK
So far no lawmaker of either party seems very happy about this farmer bailout.
Corker: “The administration creates a problem for farmers and so now they need to put them on welfare.”
Trump starts trade war over protests from farmers. Predictable harm results and now he has to bail them out with $12b. 	They don't want a bailout they want to sell their products. 	https://t.co/CFOXV5KHCH
RT @damianpaletta: Trump readies plan to bailout farmers caught in the midst of the escalating trade war, a sign that there is no end in si…
RT @AaronBlake: BREAKING: White House readies plan to extend about $12 billion in emergency aid to farmers caught in Trump’s escalating tra…
“I think he’s just trolling people” Ryan says of Trump plan to revoke security clearances
Ryan- Putin visit:”We will certainly not be giving an invitation for him to address a joint session that’s something we reserve for allies.”
RT @jdawsey1: Trump has created a frustrating summer for many Republicans with moves on trade, child separations at the border and Russia.…
RT @seungminkim: Senate Republicans drop bid to block Trump from lifting sanctions on Chinese telecom giant ZTE https://t.co/S5WNYWNklL
RT @khennessey: PODGORICA, Montenegro (AP) — World War III? Not us, say the puzzled people of Montenegro.		https://t.co/MgHZczvUql
RT @dsupervilleap: "OK. That’s gonna be special," - DNI Dan Coats reaction on live TV to news that @POTUS has asked his national security a…
@seungminkim @burgessev You two have such a special relationship
Sen Tim Scott gaggling in Senate basement just now after his opposition sunk Ryan Bounds nomination to 9th Circuit https://t.co/IM3FDcBOto
WOW. McConnell just spoke on floor, withdrawing the nom. 	This almost never happens. 	https://t.co/TT7kY0pJqO
@BresPolitico @heatherscope Ok inshallah
@heatherscope @BresPolitico Happy birthday Rachael can I have the cupcake
Rep Jim Jordan on why House R's shot down Dem push for more election security $$: "I know what we need for safe and secure elections, and that’s voter ID."
RT @RebeccaAdamsDC: The bill that the House passed today, 217-199, would prevent the District of Columbia from implementing or enforcing it…
Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady, asked in gaggle whether there’s any renewed interest in requesting Trump’s tax returns: “No.”
House Dem motion to add more election security funding fails,  182-232
House Dems chanting "USA! USA!" on House floor as they push for vote on additional election security spending
Debate over the listing status of the lesser prairie chicken (up now on House floor) is a reassuring constant in this crazy world
Spoiler alert: Congress will not. At least not without a Dreamers deal or something. 	https://t.co/MVjeyyudIh
RT @WaPoSean: Do read @ericawerner @ksieff on how trade restrictions aimed at preventing U.S. jobs from heading to Mexico have instead hamp…
RT @ksieff: Trump put tariffs on Mexico's steel industry. What he didn't seem to know: Mexican steel companies employ hundreds of Americans…
R's arguing they fully funded election security spending to states under the Help America Vote Act and most of the recent grant $$ is still sitting unspent in state coffers. 	"There is no crisis. There are funds available." - GOP Rep Newhouse
As Trump trade war hits Missouri, “We’re in a situation where we’re fighting against our own country." 	https://t.co/HajDFi83ku
From Poplar Bluff, Mo.: A US nail company is owned by a Mexican corporation, and Trump can't target one without hurting the other.  With @ksieff in Mexico. 	https://t.co/HajDFi83ku
This all comes as Trump just said Russia is no longer targeting the US ..
Dems are all saying the money is needed "to prevent Russian interference" in our elections. 	Hal Rogers, in the chair, banging his gavel as he denies these repeated requests
This comes ahead of vote on GOP spending bill that zeroes out election security grants that help states fortify their systems against cyber-hacking (was funded at $380 million in omnibus)
In the House, Dems are taking turns making unanimous consent requests to vote on amendment restoring election systems protection funds. 	R's are denying.
RT @alexanderbolton: Sen. Thune when asked about Trump’s walk-back on Russia: “Ahh, well, I mean I guess it’s probably the best we’re going…
Great look at Dems, Russia and midterm politics, Via @WaPoSean and @mikedebonis —&gt; https://t.co/driGBnDRIi
Sens. Doug Jones (D-Ala) and Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn) on floor announcing legislation to oppose Trump's proposed auto tariffs.	@SenAlexander : "Tariffs are taxes on us pure and simple."
RT @WaPoSean: Midterm primary results: 		Rep. Martha Roby, who once turned away from President Trump, won political renewal with his suppor…
That’s vs $1.6b for 2019 in the bipartisan Senate bill - a number Trump threatened shutdown over. May not get resolved til after elex.
As we reported yesterday House throwing down with $5b for the Wall and border security —&gt; https://t.co/vV5t1Glcgt
RT @colincampbell: good effort allaround https://t.co/3sN3NcLJ4i
NEW: House GOP aiming for $5b for Wall in FY19 per Trump ask- although figure fluid ahead of bill release tmrw	https://t.co/1HgGszlsxE
@jeffhauser @AP Hi Jeff! I don't work there anymore ... But thank you ;)
Wouldn'ta couldn'ta shouldn'ta...	https://t.co/3nA3mqvDK0
Wait, he walked back the walk back during the walk back?	https://t.co/NAu77gpyHs
Trump: "It should have been obvious, I thought it would be obvious, but I'd like to clarify just in case it wasn't ... I said the word would instead of wouldn't. ... The sentence should have been I don't see any reason why it wouldn't have been Russia ... So you can put that in."
RIP Sue Manning, one of the kindest and best people ever. The heart and soul of the AP Los Angeles bureau where I was privileged to spend formative years as a young reporter learning from her and laughing with her.	https://t.co/ZBOeQUcw0P
“We may well take up legislation related to this” McConnell says on Russia issue. Mentions Rubio bill aimed at deterring election meddling.
Blunt at GOP presser affirms Intel Cmte on Russia meddling “That effort was directed and financed by the gov’t no matter what Mr Putin says”
RT @sppeoples: Former chair of the NH Republican Party: https://t.co/MdU2cgRFp1
Some people seem confused, so here's the rest of what Rounds had to say: https://t.co/SqTgvAJF2o
Sen Rounds with what I believe was a defense of the president: https://t.co/NpPUB8dkt9
In course of intvu Sen Brown lectures pages on the Senate subway: 	"If you're the pages in these three cars, I guess you gotta think this is what presidents do. You gotta be kidding. This isn't what presidents do. ..."	(Awkward smiles from pages)
RT @anniekarni: Today’s winners taking off. @jeffmason1 @JonLemire https://t.co/QLNhrrrATJ
After a jaw-dropping news conference, what does ‘America First’ really mean? https://t.co/pK6oribEO5
Schumer and now Pelosi both reacting by suggesting Putin has something on Trump https://t.co/Qah8REc1XW
RT @WaPoSean: Republicans and Democrats agree the politics of Obamacare have changed dramatically over the years. 		This election year, its…
@iseehawksinla MIDDLEMARCH
RT @RebeccaAdamsDC: ICYMI https://t.co/kKRiHn5sJ3
Via @ToryNewmyer - brutal local headlines for Trump on trade. 	Will this start to impact Trump/GOP approval ratings? https://t.co/0NXXYvWCNs
@burgessev @amandacarpenter Or at least tweet it
@burgessev Burgess thank you for reminding us of this incident that truly stands out as a bright spot in an otherwise dark time. #neverforgetrischomnibusthing
RT @mikedebonis: Interesting stuff here from @PatrickMcHenry on #finreg. Says it's time for GOP to move on from Dodd-Frank repeal, to finte…
Ryan on Mueller investigation: 	“Well sure I think he should be allowed to finish the investigation but I think it should be now.”
Ryan rules out House action on tariffs. 	“You would have to pass a law saying ‘don’t raise those tariffs’ and the president would have to sign that law. That’s not going to happen.”
Ryan on Trump at NATO:	"Well frankly I haven’t gotten a readout of it. I’ve been a little busy."	Supports 2 percent defense spending goal.
Ryan on running for president: "You never say never to things like that."	But also says he's thought about it and decided not to.
"None whatsoever" Ryan says when asked if he has any regrets about his decision to retire
"New tariffs are not the solution" Ryan tells the Economic Club of Washington, DC.	(Applause)	“It’s the only applause line I got all day? Good grief!”
Very proud of my brilliant cousin Jonathan on publication of the third book in his page-turning historical fiction series on Abe Lincoln - buy it now!	https://t.co/FcgflM7P19
@StevenTDennis Roberts says he still wouldn’t support actual Corker-Toomey bill. 	(Was also aggrieved that today’s measure beat the Farm Bill by 2 votes)
@StevenTDennis But would all 88 vote for something that actually had teeth?
RT @agearan: From @ericawerner  https://t.co/wg3omliwYg
The 11 GOP senators who voted against the non-binding Corker measure seeking congressional authority on trade: 	Barrasso, Capito, Crapo, Enzi, Graham, Heller, Hyde-Smith, Inhofe, Perdue, Risch, Scott
Corker measure seeking congressional role in tariffs passes 88-11
Perdue on the floor earlier, speaking against non-binding tariff language: 	“I just don’t understand sometimes why this body continues to tie the hands of this president at every turn.”
Below is language the Senate will be voting on today regarding tariffs. 	It is toothless - but puts senators on record as to whether or not they want to give Trump a pass on this issue. https://t.co/oUwgIJyJHn
@burgessev I passed a motion to instruct my kids to stay in bed last night but they came into our room at 3am. Retaliatory measures now in order.
Via @ToryNewmyer - Kavanaugh pick threatens CFPB https://t.co/DIqZbH4JBU
RT @damianpaletta: He’s sticking to the same script he used at G7. Antagonize counterparts ahead of key meetings so they are flustered and…
Yes it’s non-binding and some will scoff, but it’s a vote. Outcome will be worth watching as trade war heats up. 	https://t.co/0Sjkga2dNX
RT @ToryNewmyer: Investors are betting Trump’s trade volleys will amount to more talk than action; doing so, they risk giving him a green l…
How Dems are playing this: https://t.co/gd9yizu4BI
And this lede: https://t.co/qmhTG7AkHM
Gotta hand it to @burgessev for this dateline: 	ABOARD CLAIRE McCASKILL’S RV IN RURAL MISSOURI — 	https://t.co/R6MdOF25C9
cc @LindseyGrahamSC 	https://t.co/BkUEUyPjGT
Great idea @Patrick_C_Reis !	https://t.co/lT7SWjZVyp
RT @byHeatherLong: NEW: WaPo has a Trump Tariff Tracker:  		-Trump has put tariffs on $85 billion worth of imports.	-He's hit all 5 of Amer…
RT @jdawsey1: Trump recently told lawmakers none of them had heard about ZTE until he tried to strike a deal with China's Xi. They responde…
@Patrick_C_Reis @katieglueck @jdawsey1 what is your point patrick
RT @catherine_lucey: Leonard Leo: Unassuming figure with big voice on high court (from @AP) https://t.co/qJFr0Eevrx
ICYM today’s great 1A story from @damianpaletta and @emilyrauhala - meet Mr Ding the Fireworks King  https://t.co/BOdFGMWjRo
@katebrower @POTUSPressPool Aw thanks @katebrower that’s the nicest thing I’ve heard all day 😘
ICYMI great look by the great @seungminkim at Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins and their role in SCOTUS confirmation 	https://t.co/r3ED9CKelh
RT @WaPoSean: ‘Everyone is focused on Lisa and Susan’: The two most powerful senators in the fight to replace Kennedy. Good read from @seun…
86-11 baby 	(farm bill)
Corker said he has a plan to get a floor vote on his tariffs bill after recess - but wouldn't reveal it
RT @byHeatherLong: Trump just repeated the lie that US Steel is opening 6 new facilities b/c of his steel tariffs.		It's not true.		@GlennK…
Pat Roberts tried to enter the Democrats' lunch earlier. He said he had an issue to resolve. It probably involved farm bill. But they wouldn't let him in. 	Only other time I've seen a senator try to go in wrong party lunch was by mistake.
Marc Short said he thinks Mike Lee would be a great Supreme Court justice but that his opinion doesn't really matter. 	Declined to say what Trump thinks.
Great deep-dive by @rachaelmbade into the House’s immigration debacle 	https://t.co/nTkAAAUzPi
RT @pkcapitol: Privileged to share a byline with @ericawerner as we map out Crowley loss fallout. Dems split on if this weakens/strengthens…
@pkcapitol You’re too kind Paul
Sen Roberts and Bill Gates earlier. Roberts was telling Gates he couldn’t go to some event tonight bc farm bill. Gates was understanding. https://t.co/5OopfCLplJ
RT @byHeatherLong: Trump says #tariffs are 'doing great'		Q: Are the tariffs backfiring?	Trump: "They’re doing great. The steel industry is…
RT @mmurraypolitics: The 2016 presidential election -- decided by a combined 80,000 votes in 3 states -- essentially ended up being worth t…
Lee: “I started watching Supreme Court arguments for fun when I was 10 years old. So if somebody asked me if I would consider that I would not say no. But the president’s got a decision to make and I trust his ability to make it and make it well.”
In rare hallway interview Sen Mike Lee says he “would not say no” if asked to consider serving on Supreme Court
121-301 -- White House-backed "compromise" immigration bill goes down big
@heatherscope Ha, the thought occurred to me ...
Dual-endorser Ro Khanna today says he intends to support Pelosi as Speaker: https://t.co/veVtvEbH2S
Sen Brown: “I appreciate Sen. Corker’s comments. I guess I appreciate Sen. Toomey’s a little less.”
Corker: "I don't know what this body has become, that you can't even vote on an issue that is current, that is damaging farmers more than 20 farm bills could make up for!"
After Sherrod Brown blocks his UC request to bring up tariffs bill, Corker is going off on tariffs and says no one, not a soul, has ever attended a WH trade meeting and been able to come back and articulate anything coherent about their policy
RT @JakeSherman: Pelosi says she’d like to answer health care questions instead of Crowley qs, and @ericawerner was ready: “do you support…
Should leaders reflect young,female, progressives?	Pelosi: “I’m female, I’m progressive .. what’s your problem? Two out of three ain’t bad.”
RT @alexis_levinson: Great read on a wild story from @daveweigel https://t.co/e0gVFS3sd3
Schiff says mood in Dem caucus this am re Crowley was “shock.”	“The first I learned he even had a race was last night.”
@joshledermanAP @NBCNews Congrats @joshledermanAP you will kick ass as always. So glad we got to work together as you began your ascent!
Amazing July 4th special via @damianpaletta 	https://t.co/NhZYkFgHym
Some House Dems disputing any broader takeaway from Crowley loss beyond tend to your district. 	DWS says take every race seriously.
RT @ZekeJMiller: Last week he said they shouldn’t waste their time https://t.co/8uCfU6rEmH
Read all about last night’s crowley shocker via @WaPoSean and @daveweigel —&gt; https://t.co/k4xVAoEXh2
@ahrferrier “Zany”
RT @mikedebonis: @DevlinBarrett Because someone bothered to run against him? He has gone unopposed in the primary cycle after cycle...
RT @DevlinBarrett: Back when i covered Crowley (a long time ago!) his camp believed he would someday lose to a Hispanic primary challenger,…
@ahrferrier Ok not burgess tho that was kind of confusing
RT @edokeefe: Knowing his district, being more respectful to Trump likely would have meant an even bigger loss for Crowley. https://t.co/K2…
@mikedebonis @JStein_WaPo Gotta hand it to you Jeff you called this
tfw you stake out a bipartisan House leadership mtg you think is on immigration but it turns out they were meeting with the king of Jordan ...
Sounds like today’s Trump mtg w appropriators turned into a House v Senate throwdown over the filibuster — with Trump on House side
Mike Simpson says he “found an excuse not to go” to WH meeting. 		The excuse: His thyroid treatment would set off radiation monitors (true)
Sen Alexander on filibuster discussion today with Trump:	“He’d like us to pass everything by 51 votes but he wouldn’t like it if Bernie Sanders were in charge and it was Bernie Sanders' agenda that passed by 51 votes” -- a point Alexander says he made to Trump
Trump asked for more wall $$ but did not repeat shutdown threat at today’s mtg with lawmakers - per GOP aide. 	No commitments were made.
Corker says he’s considering trying again with his tariffs bill as an amendment to farm bill
@Patrick_C_Reis Don’t make me regret this Patrick!
RT @damianpaletta: Final hour of trading, Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 430 points to 24133. 		Down 2500 points since late January.
RT @joshledermanAP: Wow, this list, from ⁦@peterbakernyt⁩ piece out this AM https://t.co/tiMfCZDCdv
RT @bykowicz: Amazing women cover Congress at WSJ. @siobhanehughes @nataliewsj @kristinapet + shoutout to my former colleague @ericawerner…
Just to be clear, McHenry’s comment was in response to a reporter suggesting “irreconcilable differences” in GOP..	https://t.co/xihQsE6F2h
Great scoop by @damianpaletta --Storey County, Nev., designated "opportunity zone" after push by Heller, Sandoval ... and a local brothel owner who donated to Heller's campaign 	https://t.co/SegKSXFUCX
RT @mikedebonis: And you may find yourself -- in the House of Representatives!	And you may find yourself -- in an endless debate!	And you m…
Patrick McHenry: “The debate on immigration is the same as it ever was ... Wasn’t that a movie in the 1980s, Irreconcilable Differences?”
R lawmakers are living in fear of Trump following through with tariffs on autos, which they think would be economically disastrous. Some (Toomey, Corker) still holding out hope for a legislative response ... 	https://t.co/d206ZwBRld
From 1000 percent to 0 percent in four days 	https://t.co/nNgnF9Ryxf
The Farm Bill has squeaked through! 213-211
Great scoop from @seungminkim 	https://t.co/4sukzHCaBN
Rep Walter Jones remains “mad as hell” about Trump’s Sanford comments:	“Mark is a friend of mine. He is a conservative. He’s a good man. I can’t say the same for the president.”	“It was partial applause. But then there was hissing and boos .. And I was one of the hissers.”
Trump: "They walk through Mexico like it's walking through Central Park."
"Not even worth commenting on" Ryan says when asked about this Pelosi quote	https://t.co/AXOTw2NF1G
RT @kelsey_snell: First question at conversations with conservatives: can any of these immigration bills pass? Answer from @WarrenDavidson…
Pelosi on the GOP "compromise" immigration bill: "It may be a compromise with the Devil, but it's not a compromise with the Democrats."
"It's morning. I'm not saying good morning" - Pelosi opens her weekly press conf
RT @WPJohnWagner: Welcome to America -- new Time magazine cover ... https://t.co/5cKsLyEJwY
Schumer: "Let us not forget, immigration has been the graveyard for legislation for years in this Congress. ... The president has to do it himself."
New must-follow -- @RyanCostello	https://t.co/6Lq2ZuIqFN
RT @mikedebonis: This is not going to help pass a bill today https://t.co/TBg1MIRVMT
RT @burgessev: Why not whip it to pass House then at least force Senate Democrats to block it and blame them ahead of midterms instead of g…
Good look at game of musical chairs around financial committee chairmanships via @pkcapitol in today’s Finance202	https://t.co/oi4GjyQQ9E
!!!	https://t.co/yeTvVeYFXV
RT @WPJohnWagner: Senate rejects billions in Trump spending cuts as two Republicans vote ‘no’ via @ericawerner https://t.co/7QSs9Z4xIz
Cornyn on Senate floor: "Putting the children in a safe, separate setting was really motivated by the best of intentions."
This may explain Burr's "no" vote on the rescissions package, which targeted $16 million from the Land and Water Conservation Fund:	https://t.co/Jv8f5Dsz7w [https://t.co/CTHnpYZn3p]
Rescissions vote failed 48-50. Burr and Collins joined all Democrats in voting "no"	(McCain and Shaheen absent)
No-Socks Burr Socks it to Trump on Rescissions
Surprise! Richard Burr voted "no" on rescissions. Which means it fails (barring further surprises)	https://t.co/0xj5WUwYVO
Collins voted "no" on rescissions. Sen Shaheen is apparently absent. And McCain is absent. Could be headed for a tie that Pence would have to break.
And if they vote to move to the rescissions package, there will be a vote-a-rama!
Senate is about to vote on rescissions!
For the record, Wilbur Ross was not pressed on his alleged stock-shorting at Senate Finance hearing that just concluded (although Wyden mentioned it in his opening stmt)	https://t.co/UQxEYYzt8F
Cantwell presses Ross on whether the U.S. is currently in a trade war. 	He replies: "As the president has often said, we’ve been at a trade war forever. The difference is now our troops are coming to the ramparts."
After raking Ross over the coals over tariffs, McCaskill criticizes him for displaying charts that were hard to read and not distributed to senators. 	Ross protests they were just completed last night. 	"Then you can use a copy machine" McCaskill says.
Thune to Ross on tariffs: 	"This thing seems to be escalating out of control fairly quickly."	Ross defends administration's approach.
Full house at Finance Committee to grill Wilbur Ross on tariffs.	Hatch: "You are taxing American families, you are putting American jobs at risk, and you are destroying markets."
Ted Yoho was just asking Jim Sensenbrenner if he knew which bill Trump was supporting in tonight’s meeting. 	Sensenbrenner said he didn’t.
Todd Rokita just responded to a question I asked at a press conference by saying "To the gentlelady's question ..."	An exciting first!
Meanwhile, House R's have released a budget that balances in 9 years via big cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, etc
At presser on spending, Perdue interrupts questions on border crisis to say: 	"We came here today to talk about a crisis."	But he's referring to the debt crisis, which he calls "The No. 1 topic in America today." 	Doesn't want presser "hijacked" by "the current shiny object."
Cotton going to White House tomorrow to discuss his ZTE legislation with Trump - who’s opposed. 	Cotton indicates open to negotiation.
Capito says border separations “hard to watch.”	Should administration end them now pending congressional action?	“I would prefer that, yes.”
Cornyn says Senate could vote as early as this week on narrow proposal to keep families together as they’re adjudicated.
Cotton blames the parents, says they should apply for asylum.  	“They shouldn’t be trying to sneak across our border and violate our laws.”
“I told him that I didn’t think a shutdown benefited anybody-him, us or the American people. He can have his own opinion on it I guess.”
Capito says Trump yesterday threatened a shutdown over border money “if it’s not robust enough.”	She and Shelby disagreed w the tactic.
RT @maggieNYT: Sessions and Miller believe deeply in a set of immigration policy goals for which Trump was their best vehicle. The border w…
Despite shutdown threats from Trump today, Shelby and Capito aren't changing the border spending levels in the Homeland spending bill. Subcommittee vote tomorrow. 		https://t.co/GQqEzl8PzY
“We did talk about a shutdown, that a shutdown’s in no one’s interest,” Shelby says he and Capito told Trump as the president pushed for more border $$$.	Trump didn't say whether he agreed. 	https://t.co/9RwZVuOEZm
RT @Phil_Mattingly: The U.S. Senate, 85-10, passed the National Defense Authorizarion Act. Beyond the annual defense policy, it also includ…
Also Shelby said the border separations issue didn't come up.
@APAndrewTaylor If this is what you're doing on sabbatical you might as well come back to work.
And if Congress proves incapable of fixing immigration laws, as has been the case for years? 		The separations will continue, Nielsen indicates.
Shelby back from WH where he, Capito presented FY19 border $$ number. 	Says Trump wants more. 	They told him shutdown in no one’s interest.
Shelby and Capito meeting with Trump at 3 to discuss homeland security priorities as they relate to appropriations		(Shelby approps chair; Capito chairs homeland security subcmte)
RT @burgessev: Manchin co-sponsoring Democrats family separation bill. That's all 49 Senate Democratic Caucus members
RT @AP_Politics: BREAKING:  Trump announces he's directing Pentagon to create 'space force' as independent service branch.
RT @PhilipRucker: "It is inaccurate, it is untrue and it is at worse a lie from the administration," @jacobsoboroff (who's been reporting f…
Lindsey Graham: "President Trump could stop this policy with a phone call."	https://t.co/wF3PVn9hyO
RT @seungminkim: .@BenSasse: "The administration’s decision to separate families is a new, discretionary choice. Anyone saying that their h…
Jeff Denham on CNN just now: 	“Not only is this current policy unacceptable but the optics of pulling kids away from their parents is horrible for any party.” 	But avoids criticizing Trump and blames both parties.
RT @etuckerAP: Family separation policy starts dividing Republicans (from @AP) https://t.co/7soBAveUKh
RT @seungminkim: DHS’s policy is to refer 100 percent of those who crossed the border illegally to the Justice Department for criminal pros…
How Breitbart is covering the immigrant family separation issue tonight https://t.co/E35zDJ4z3v
A voice rarely heard from —&gt;	Laura Bush: Separating children from their parents at the border ‘breaks my heart’ https://t.co/MsGGEyxY6V
RT @seungminkim: JUST in w/ @mikedebonis -- White House had circulated SAP (statement of administration policy) supporting GOP compromise b…
RT @JakeSherman: Again — Dems have nothing to do with this. I’m not sure how anyone can come to that conclusion. https://t.co/HBiePAsBNP
RT @heatherscope: Trump describing GOP compromise immigration bill here. But also shouldn’t be lost that it’s flatly not true that Dems are…
RT @WaPoSean: The normally decorous Senate was rocked this week by heated Republican confrontations about how much loyalty to show Presiden…
Turns out Wilbur Ross was on the Hill yesterday and met w 20-30 House R's who peppered him with concerns about tariffs, per Rep Massie 	(Massie says he was the only one not complaining; instead complimented Ross on Patent Office changes...)	Ross also defended ZTE approach
@siobhanehughes Speaking for all who know you, you are no ordinary soybean!
Toomey's amendment has failed to advance, 35-62.	https://t.co/NVd7GmHDQM
RT @WaPoSean: Graham later apologized to Lee, and Lee accepted. The Mormon senator told Graham that if he drank beer, he would take him out…
Vote coming up on amendment by @SenToomey to give Congress a vote on decisions by CFIUS - the secretive executive branch entity that has to sign off on foreign deals with US firms. 	Trump administration circulating talking points in opposition https://t.co/yIsZB5IPqN
RT @caitlindewey: #DearJeffBezos: I am so, so proud to work at the Post. But my pride isn't going to feed or house me in retirement. Please…
RT @mikedebonis: #DearJeffBezos, 	Thanks to you -- and to us -- the Post is roaring again. 	Let's share the success by giving us a fair con…
Perdue just sought unanimous consent to strike bipartisan ZTE provision (restoring penalties removed by Trump admin) from NDAA		Van Hollen objected
Mac Thornberry says he's not familiar with the Senate NDAA language on ZTE -- but that the House language (which doesn't go as far) does NOT violate separation of powers https://t.co/FpG7BgjjbF
Thornberry doesn’t foresee a time in the near future when US troops could withdraw from South Korea
House Armed Services Chair Thornberry says joint exercises with SK should continue. 	He’s ok delaying next round as negotiations continue.
And for anyone who wants to understand the CHIP piece of the rescissions debate, here's a great explainer from @GlennKesslerWP 	https://t.co/UCrYaExfbW
@JakeSherman thank you jake that means a lot
If anyone cares, the Senate still has to pass Trump's rescission package, which has to happen before next friday (but can't happen before next tuesday). 	Also it's not clear there are the votes.
"What planet is the president on?" Schumer inquires on the floor.
Hard to imagine a development that would delight the NRSC more than the re-emergence of the "Air Claire" storyline	https://t.co/ek83JiPQnJ
Corker references Cornyn, says he's heard him say in regards to his tariff amendment: "'Well gosh we might upset the president, we might upset the president of the United states before the midterms."
Corker on quite a tear over his amendment getting blocked. 	"'No no no, we might poke the bear' is the language I’ve been hearing in the hallways, 'We might poke the bear. The president of the united states might get upset with us.'"
Corker on the floor trying to get UC to vote on his amendment requiring congressional approval of tariffs		Inhofe objecting
Inhofe describing Trump’s call into NRSC lunch:	“Someone came dancing in with Trump on the phone and he was calling from Air Force One.”
McConnell says he has no particular reaction to G7 summit but hopes a trade war can be avoided
McConnell says everyone in Senate supports continuing coverage for pre-existing conditions
McConnell says he hopes agreement with North Korea takes form of a treaty and comes to Congress
Flake says GOP needs to stand up to Trump on tariffs. 	"This is a big part of what we stand for, free trade. Fiscal discipline, we seem to have thrown that out the window. And now if we throw this out, it's tough to see who we are."
@burgessev Looking forward to your amendment drama story
Per Inhofe, Corker is blocking all NDAA amendments unless he gets a vote on his amendment -- giving Congress veto power on tariffs		But Inhofe says several (unnamed) senators have said they would block vote on Corker amendment ...
Inhofe calls Trump-Kim meeting "nothing short of a miracle"
Joni Ernst just saying on the floor that Dems are blocking her NDAA amendment that would cap allowances for former presidents
Via @daveweigel - For Republican candidates, the only issue that matters is loyalty to Trump https://t.co/adxvZRGiau
Great piece by @WaPoSean: ‘It’s obscene’: GOP candidate seethes as Trump embraces Democratic senator https://t.co/fxU1PhxQ6K
RT @seungminkim: .@realDonaldTrump has been largely unchecked by Congress as he swipes aside decades of U.S. trade policy — and the G7 frac…
RT @seungminkim: .@senorrinhatch on Peter Navarro’s “special place in hell” comment toward Trudeau: “I thought he should’ve kept his big mo…
Sen Toomey tells me Trump called him last night from Singapore, still defending his 232 tariffs on Mexico, EU, Canada.		Toomey remains determined to get a vote on his amendment with Corker requiring congressional approval of such tariffs
RT @sppeoples: This joke by Speaker Ryan didn't do well here in Utah: “Truthfully though, I thought that maybe I’d just retire to get my ha…
RT @cathleendecker: Obamacare is back as a campaign issue, as Democrats pounce on the Trump administration's effort to eradicate protection…
RT @damianpaletta: Trump has knocked the entire #G7Summit back on its heels. The schedule changes because of him. All the questions are abo…
MCCAIN https://t.co/H6u8rVd49e
The 19 House Republicans who voted against the Trump rescission package last night: https://t.co/uVmDbBeWnj
House Republicans this am saying they aren’t familiar with this filing. 	Dems calling it a huge political gift.  https://t.co/Q4kAdQYMK3 https://t.co/PUz5549dPP
Rescissions bill passes 210-206. 19 Republicans voted "no"
The Stanley Cup final probably won’t get very good ratings tonight since it’s up against the House rescission vote on C-SPAN
Arguably less exciting, tonight also might be the night the House passes a $15 billion rescissions bill 	https://t.co/1Bo49DngJj
Ryan made this point twice. "Let's just make that really clear. There's no evidence of collusion."	https://t.co/pu03BeHMEo
Wow. Paul Ryan: "There's no evidence of collusion" between Trump campaign and Russia.
"There is more consensus than not ... the next step is to put pen to paper" Ryan says on immigration
Immigration conference was "very productive" per Paul Ryan
RT @burgessev: Gardner says they had to take out mile marker 420 on Colorado highways because people kept taking it
Pelosi notes House R’s are meeting this am on immigration - “Lord knows what will come out of that -- hopefully the Lord knows.”
Sen @JeffFlake to @brikeilarcnn on significance of Corker tariff bill: 	"It’s the first time that a number of (GOP) senators have stood up … and said you can’t do this."
RT @burgessev: Sen. Toomey tells @ericawerner that the Corker tariff amendment will likely get a vote and pass
Sen. Ernst says Trump reiterated his opposition to Corker bill at WH mtg tonight. 		"He’s the president and I think he would like to have powers remain that allows him to negotiate. So that was kind of his message."
House to vote on rescissions tomorrow.
Bipartisan lineup Corker's tariffs bill, which he just released: https://t.co/y6Zcd4Y3T4
House Rules Chairman Pete Sessions announces they will take up rescissions package later today
U.S. Chamber is supporting Corker tariff bill: https://t.co/oD5kJKvH9v
RT @WaPoSean: Schumer says that of the 10 states Trump won that Senate Dems are defending in the midterms, only 4 are now neck-and-neck.…
Corker says he and Trump had a "heartfelt" convo on the tariffs bill, but "Finally, a lot of time had gone by, and I had other meetings." https://t.co/tLXSN6ut02
Kevin Brady: “There is a growing frustration that the administration is not listening to the concerns of the Congress on the tariffs.”
On tariff bill Corker told Trump: “I’m a United States Senator and I have responsibilities and I’m going to continue to carry them out.”
Corker says Trump called him this morning to try to get him not to file the tariff bill. 	Corker made clear he’s going forward.
Can the president pardon himself?	Ryan: “I think obviously the answer is he shouldn’t and no one is above the law.”
Ryan on potential for tariff bill in the House: “You would have to pass a law that he would want to sign ... You can do the math on that.”
RT @seungminkim: Trump will sign a sweeping new VA health care bill -- while trying to kill a plan to fund it, behind the scenes. Great sco…
RT @Patrick_C_Reis: The White House opposes a plan to fund $50 billion in programs for veterans health care, according to a leaked memo obt…
McConnell: 	"I don't think the president needs any advice on pardoning himself. He obviously knows that would not be something that he would or should do."
McConnell on Corker/Toomey tariffs bill: 	"Items as contentious as that’s likely to be, we’ll see, but I’m not going to call it up free-standing.	You’re suggesting it might be offered as an amendment. NDAA is going to be open, we’ll see what amendments are offered.”
Another disruptive trade move from Trump ... 	https://t.co/EUvVZS20xx
RT @seungminkim: (Some) Senate Rs planning legislative pushback to Trump's tariffs. But without leadership backing, how far can they go? w/…
Graham says he doesn't know whether Trump can pardon himself but "politically it would be a disaster ... I don't know why we're talking about this."		Graham adds that with Nixon, "One of the subsets of impeachment was improper use of pardoning authority."
Corker on Trump's claim he could pardon himself: 	"I can't imagine a president even bringing that up. I don't know where that comes from and I can't imagine even referencing that."
Corker suggests he may try to use NDAA as the vehicle for legislation limiting executive authority on tariffs
Amazing interview by @elisaslow with the Parkland deputy who didn't stop the massacre	https://t.co/xc0EQDKmO5
Congrats to my amazing friend @katebrower on her new book on Veeps, coming out Tuesday!	Great excerpt on Pence avail NOW in Vanity Fair:	https://t.co/ezJN0vILE9
Trump breaks protocol, sends markets a clear signal on jobs report before numbers are released https://t.co/JC7IyVQJKo https://t.co/596rSL7Oha
CBO has released its analysis of Trump's 2019 budget: https://t.co/RrA42Sm9Nr
@ahrferrier @burgessev I've also heard rumors, mostly in stories by Burgess.
@heatherscope @scottwongDC @FoxReports @rachaelmbade I see. Thank you.
@heatherscope @scottwongDC @FoxReports @rachaelmbade Can anyone please recap this Tom Garrett sitch?
Trump says Patrick McHenry has “the greatest name in politics, if I had that name I would have been president 10 years sooner.”
Heidi Heitkamp in front row at banking bill signing ceremony. 	Trump: “Heidi Heitkamp, Heidi thank you, thank you very much, appreciate it.”	(Kevin Cramer also gets a mention but Trump doesn't single him out.)
Trump: “You see what’s going on with cars … cars, cars, pouring into our country, hurting our jobs.”
Trump says Dodd-Frank rollback “is the next step in America’s unprecedented economic comeback. There’s never been a comeback like we’ve made and one day fake news is going to report it but that’s OK you’ve been very nice actually.”
Identity theft is a “Big problem nowadays, bigger than anyone understands,” per Trump at banking bill signing
Curbelo says they're looking for a path to citizenship that would not be a "special" path to citizenship rejected by conservatives. 	Always what it comes down to.
Rep Doggett admonished at W&amp;M markup after suggesting Trump would benefit from some of the restrictions R's put on welfare recipients. 		“Imagine how much good these Republicans would have done if they’d had the foresight to extend that strip show loophole to the White House."
@kristinapet Ideally the two could be somehow combined
A provision in the GOP TANF legislation the Ways &amp; Means Committee will mark up this afternoon:		SEC. 13. WELFARE FOR NEEDS NOT WEED.
RT @NickMiroff: What happened to Trump's talk of a national E-Verify system? Smart story by @TracyJan https://t.co/lXQ2KZH5nr
RT @hillhulse: The revolt of the usually go-along, get-along Republican centrists in the House. https://t.co/ZIqu5RtmyF
Who benefits from Dodd-Frank rollback? Heitkamp, Tester and Donnelly got big banking $$ reports @ToryNewmyer  https://t.co/7f7Iw7hb1C
R’s don’t need D’s to pass rescissions in the House so why haven’t they? Many R’s dislike the policy- or optics  https://t.co/DMnRqyeU1j
RT @FoxReports: Deputy whip McHenry on why there is no immigration consensus: "there is no fairy dust in Congress therefore we have no immi…
RT @mikedebonis: A1 tomorrow: House GOP is adrift as @SpeakerRyan loses his grip on power. But fuggedaboudit, Republicans across the spectr…
RT @seungminkim: Classic @realDonaldTrump at @SBAList gala:		"So your vote in 2018 is every bit as important as your vote in 2016."		Then s…
RT @kevcirilli: Here are the 33 Dems who voted in favor of the Dodd-Frank House reg relief bill.		— Passed Senate with 16 Dems (plus King).…
@seungminkim quite the hot take, SMK
House has passed Senate Dodd-Frank rollback bill 258-159, sending it to President Trump for his signature. 	33 Dem "yes" votes
@BresPolitico There are actually at least three bored kids currently on the floor https://t.co/zlviZQbaT7
Cornyn releases tough letter to Mnuchin, Ross, Lighthizer on China, w long bipartisan list of signers https://t.co/POHYqCq4v5
Hensarling has said a couple times that 3 percent GDP growth is "the birthright of all Americans"
Pelosi dramatically recounting that 2008 night when Paulson begged her on bended knee to bail out Wall Street, or else.	 	"He took us down to a place in hell so deep that even Dante wouldn’t have a name for that circle of hell."
Barney Frank says the Dodd-Frank rollback bill passing House today leaves his signature law largely intact -- and falls short of Trump's promise to "do a big number" on it		"This is not a big number on the bill. It’s a small number" says Frank (though he would vote no)
This comes on the very day House will pass Dodd-Frank rollback bill and send it to Trump to sign 	https://t.co/v6EncS1RKb
RT @CNNPolitics: Beating Republicans in November will be harder than Democrats thought | Analysis by CNN's Ron Brownstein https://t.co/Zff5…
RT @lindsemcpherson: NEWS: The House Rules Committee broke a record Monday night for the number of closed rules — a mechanism for setting u…
The definitive look at the Trump-McConnell relationship, via @WaPoSean and @seungminkim  https://t.co/iTvOldaIK2
Robert Caro describing LBJ’s use of a discharge petition to force action on civil rights legislation following JFK’s assassination https://t.co/ocvBNXfMBQ
RT @lindsemcpherson: .@GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy vehemently denies reports that he's trying to force @SpeakerRyan to give up the gavel early…
ICYMI good breakdown by @pkcapitol on the leadership and other dynamics around the House immigration feud	https://t.co/sZwUcLbhvy
Read @mikedebonis on who are the House R's signing that discharge petition on immigration -- and what motivates them:	https://t.co/poyP7H5WFg
News nugget in my farm bill story with @mikedebonis: WH increasing Wall funding request for FY19 from $1.6b to $2.5b https://t.co/a3NVo84gUv
@LACaldwellDC Clearly you. They should get you to walk Megan Markle down the aisle wearing that dress.
@Emma_Dumain Soooo cute!! Congrats Emma.
RT @damianpaletta: NEWS: In series of meetings over past year, Trump personally pushed the U.S. Postmaster General to double rates on Amazo…
RT @kelsey_snell: Chief deputy whip McHenry says he thinks it will be a matter of hours before sponsors of the petition to force votes on i…
@APAndrewTaylor And yet not unprecedented!
And there goes the the farm bill. Amazing. 	https://t.co/MFe9tIhGrQ
DRAMA on the House floor. 	Farm bill looking like it will fail in huge embarrassment to GOP leaders.
RT @JakeSherman: Wait, tell me again that the House is going to be able to ratify nafta. I like that one.
In the House, a farm bill that will go nowhere and an immigration deal that probably won't either. 	Elsewhere in America another school shooting.
RT @mikedebonis: SCALISE on immigration path:	"We came to an agreement that I think gives everybody what they want. That's a vote on Goodla…
Meadows NO on farm bill per his comms director	https://t.co/hGuKLRmQbU
RT @scottwongDC: Former Ag Chairman @RepFrankLucas tells me the farm bill is “at the finger tips ... we’re going to roll the dice” and see…
Voting is underway in the House on farm bill amendments -- to be followed by final passage on the farm bill. 	Still not totally clear they have the votes. But putting it on the floor to fail would be humiliation.
@Phil_Mattingly @burgessev Interesting. I also like a lot of Burgess' tweets. But Burgess himself has a policy of never liking tweets and only did so once, which was by mistake and he deleted it.
@rachaelmbade @BresPolitico The promise was indeed for a whip, not a vote. I remember this clearly.
What's actually in the House farm bill if it passes? @caitlindewey breaks it down: 	https://t.co/MQEzMlLY7V
Ryan was introduced to this group -- the Foundation for Government Accountability -- through Sam Brownback, @caitlindewey reports
Who's behind the GOP push for tougher food stamp work requirements? @caitlindewey on the obscure group funneling messaging and polling to House R's	https://t.co/6nRpAoMEdk
@ahrferrier Has Leader McConnell weighed in on this particular controversy?
RT @pkcapitol: A (living) requiem for McCain: No mention of Trump as McConnell, Schumer, others paid tribute at HBO doc premier. 	https://t…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: For those interested, and I’m assuming that’s all of you, here is the text of the amendment Young wrangled from certain…
That Don Young amendment (exempting Alaska nat'l forests from roadless rule) was the nailbiter the sugar vote wasn't!	Squeaked by 208-207 after Young stalked around floor haranguing people	https://t.co/XD5w82R1k7
RT @LisaMascaro: To recap: Senate confirmed Haspel at CIA 54-45	6 Dems voted yes: Donnelly, Heitkamp, Manchin, Nelson, Shaheen, Warner	2 Rs…
Despite all the drama, this vote on the Virginia Foxx sugar amendment looks like it's going to fail by a wide margin
Ag Chair Conaway is not sugar-coating his opposition to the sugar amendment in floor debate with Rep Foxx! 	"She couldn't be more wrong or more disrespectful" he says.	Vote later today on this amendment - which could kill farm bill.
RT @edokeefe: Bookmark this: Senate Majority Leader McConnell tells my old pals @waposean and @seungminkim there will be no shutdown in Sep…
RT @seungminkim: NEW: McConnell warns GOP’s Senate majority is “absolutely” in play in interview with the @washingtonpost, via @WaPoSean an…
A significant improvement over the 14 who voted for similar Paul measure in January 2017	https://t.co/ISXDAWzLCv
RT @DonnaCassata: Analysis | The Daily 202: Immigration is tearing Republicans apart https://t.co/3a5RoAAfEr
https://t.co/X3qyzO9JZ1
I definitely would have thought it was significantly higher 	https://t.co/qjci1PoXLI
Paul budget fails to advance, 21-76	https://t.co/SBaq5xW3i9
@JakeSherman @pkcapitol Actually PK just announced he has moved on from the streetcar and is now focused on other DC scandals including rats and the school system
WaPo fact-checker @GlennKesslerWP took a look at the budget that @RandPaul is currently presenting on the floor: 	https://t.co/LgZh5kVPBB
Sen @RandPaul contributed to the debt by voting for the $1.5 trillion unpaid-for tax bill. He argues the law will help produce 4% GDP growth and more than pay for itself. 	https://t.co/k7QIplMoVD
Rand Paul on the floor quixotically promoting his "penny plan" budget which will fail in a vote later this morning.	Paul says this will expose "hypocrisy" on the part of fellow Republicans
McConnell just filed cloture on Haspel nom
Devin Nunes response: “That’s nice.” https://t.co/qiWa41zwMb https://t.co/mixQcHs8UN
Rep Collin Peterson (top Ag Committee Dem) speaking on floor about Farm Bill: 	"I refuse to give legitimacy to what in my view has been an illegitimate process ...	It’s just ideology run amuck."
On rescissions: 	GOP Rep Amodei: "Jesus, why don’t you pick the tallest messaging hill for us to climb — for a symbol.”	GOP Rep Costello: “Those ads write themselves.”	GOP Sen Graham: "It would be politically kind of stupid to do some of these things.”	https://t.co/XUcfa0liHz
Meanwhile, major GOP pushback on rescissions, in House AND Senate: 	https://t.co/3bKMRre0N9
This is getting very exciting for Congress nerds as it's looking pretty clear they're going to get to 25!	https://t.co/z6wQtnbke1
RT @Phil_Mattingly: The Senate, 52-47, agreed to the net neutrality motion to proceed https://t.co/scgvFr0obP
Speaker Ryan warned members this am against discharge petition on immigration. Discussed issue w Trump and trying to find solution.
Freedom Caucus digging in on Farm Bill opposition. Rep Perry says leadership must “honor their commitment” to bring up Goodlatte bill.
RT @daveweigel: With most of the vote counted in Charlie Dent's old #PA07, there have been 28,915 votes cast in the GOP primary, 41,769 vot…
RT @daveweigel: AP calls it: Rep. Raul Labrador is the fifth GOP rep this year to either fall short in a bid for statewide office (+ Messer…
Rep. Brian Mast (R-Fla), asked if he would like to be the next VA sec, says "That's an amazing honor to be considered for that" -- although declines to confirm whether the administration has been in touch w him
@kelsey_snell @SenPatRoberts @SenStabenow I agree, Kelsorah
NAFTA state of play, based on convos w R lawmakers today: 	There may or may not be a make-or-break deadline two days from now for a NAFTA vote this year. 	Administration may or may not meet it in some way, if it exists.
Sen Roberts said Trump was “entertaining” but declined to specify what was said that was entertaining
(Or other issues)
Trump told senators it’s tough going on NAFTA but they are working ahead of Thurs deadline - per Roberts. 	Was not pressed on trade.
RT @kristinapet: Topics that did not come up at the Senate GOP lunch with Trump today: farm bill, ZTE, McCain, rescissions, Senate rule cha…
Trump spoke for 45 minutes and took only two questions per Roberts. 	Neither on trade. And Shelby says McCain didn’t come up.
@JamesArkin Congrats!!
Burr is attending Trump lunch (w his small container of okra) but said he didn’t plan to ask the president anything 	https://t.co/L28EqCDZik
Sen Rounds, not normally an admin critic, on handling of McCain insult: 	"I know it's probably not their style to make apologies but I can tell you that I think the vast majority of Americans would say John McCain deserves our respect."
RT @WaPoSean: Happy primary day! Voters are headed to the polls in four states.		Watch Pennsylvania, which is crucial to Democratic chances…
Shelby says he's still evaluating rescission request. 	Reporter: "That's what you said last week!"	Shelby: "Well but it's just a few days from last week."
Sen. Roberts recounts his mtg with Trump, Conaway on Farm Bill last week: 		"The president indicated that he thought there should be some work requirements, and then looked at me and I said 'I need 60 votes to pass a bill.'"
RT @WaPoSean: Lotsa Dem worry about Nelson being caught flat-footed in #FLSEN.  Schumer had to press Nelson to hire a campaign manager in a…
Via @damianpaletta - 	https://t.co/iWJDTyxOPn
RT @PowerPost: .@realDonaldTrump is running out of time on #NAFTA 	via @ToryNewmyer https://t.co/GxzcigIfLB
RT @Phil_Mattingly: read @ericawerner on the GOP effort to sell the tax law: https://t.co/hY2Bdyo7ww
RT @seungminkim: Love these deets -- Jelly Bellies! -- in this smart @ericawerner story about the GOP's struggled to sell their tax law htt…
Great piece by @seungminkim —&gt;	https://t.co/5evZChO12B
RT @CHueyBurns: “I think there’s just a general skepticism, and why shouldn’t there be? [Voters are] so used to being disappointed by Washi…
RT @sendavidperdue: Looking forward to joining @PGPFoundation’s 2018 #FiscalSummit this afternoon. Tune in at 2:30PM to catch my conversati…
RT @NickTimiraos: "He goes in and campaigns on an issue, and the challenge is he then talks about executing drug dealers. Why do you think…
RT @BrianBartlett: Just now at the @PGPFoundation #FiscalSummit, @JeffFlake says it’s “not in his plans” to run against @realDonaldTrump in…
RT @damianpaletta: .@JeffFlake tells @ericawerner that he would not vote to make the tax cuts permanent for families unless there are offse…
Jelly Bellies and big spending: Inside the GOP struggle to sell voters on its tax law https://t.co/XgRU4bUsQN
Looking forward to sitting down with @JeffFlake , @NancyPelosi and @sendavidperdue at the 2018 #FiscalSummit hosted by @PGPFoundation tomorrow. Watch the livestream. https://t.co/5yji8FVyzT
“Yes!” Denham says, asked if they will get the 10 more needed	https://t.co/f8UgsqSj7y
RT @jpitney: @ericawerner Kevin McCarthy did not always oppose discharge petitions.  See signature #144 here: https://t.co/Q4BtcqgRvM
McCarthy says he opposes use of discharge petitions. Won’t say whether he’s telling members not to sign the one now pending on immigration.
Marc Short on Pruitt: “Scott Pruitt’s our EPA administrator and will be for the foreseeable future. We like him. He’s doing a good job.”
Fun facts about Rep Hunter's dad, who I used to cover: As Armed Services chair he tried to take over a National Park Service island. Also he ran for president in 2008, but did not win. 	https://t.co/zHa8RypuyN
Ryan says agreement reached to move Senate Dodd-Frank bill in House
Mulvaney at House GOP conference this am selling the rescission package as largest in history, per members
Pelosi takes on her critics at Playbook breakfast, via @daveweigel https://t.co/Lw4ZRp5SRu
RT @WaPoSean: NEWS on #WVSEN: Republican leaders are privately weighing whether to cut ties with Blankenship if he wins the nomination on T…
Rescission package may already be in trouble in Senate. Collins says cuts in SCHIP "concerns me greatly." 	 “I would have to have an awfully good reason given to me, and maybe there is one."
RT @seungminkim: My latest: @realDonaldTrump is transforming the judiciary, but he has yet to take aim at the court that annoys him the mos…
"I think most polling is flawed. All they ask is about what have you heard about tax reform and do you support it" - Kevin Brady on polling on tax law
“I don’t know that he really believes that” Kevin Brady says of Rubio’s tax criticism
Surprise, Schumer is quoting Marco Rubio's criticism of the tax bill!
RT @bylenasun: Trump made high drug prices his issue. Democrats think they can take it back. Democrats are promising to appoint a “price go…
Later this year WH could send another rescission request of around $10b, this time with cuts aimed at omni
If approved by Congress, the reductions would represent less than 0.4 percent of total government spending this year.
Rescission deets w/@damianpaletta -- as conservatives push for more cuts, this is just the first round: 	https://t.co/PzZ9Ysj19Z
NEWS on rescissions -- almost half from CHIP and WH plans to folo-up with another package that will hit omni, via @damianpaletta  https://t.co/4lWRFy4Qtb
Trump campaigned on lowering prescription drug prices but hasn't followed through yet. Now Dems want the issue back. With @carolynjohnson	https://t.co/BsdgtpmLHX
RT @pkcapitol: Every time someone (including me!) says Dems have their own civil war, show them this smart @Alex_Roarty story: Not a single…
Pelosi calls for ethics investigation of Cardenas https://t.co/lZINyRFxgV
House chaplain sees anti-Catholic bias in his treatment https://t.co/xZcdNWs18X https://t.co/HwutD382xK
As Politico first reported yesterday, WH backing off -- way off -- plan to whack omni with big rescission request	https://t.co/QQmJzwx6ej
"We cannot get complacent" Trump tells NRA crowd	https://t.co/zzVbNMltq4
"Everybody is benefiting and everybody is happy" - Trump on tax law
Trump says @JohnCornyn was with him right from the beginning	Cornyn has said Trump wasn't his first choice for president 	https://t.co/noOQv1FDan
House Dem leadership silent so far on sex abuse allegations against Rep Cardenas but pressure may mount from back home https://t.co/MWXHkcazUE
Noteworthy from @pkcapitol on whether those attacks on Pelosi actually work for R’s -	https://t.co/CWVbX5HFTg
ICYMI: “They’re morons” and other Grimm utterances via @nahmias deep-dive on the wild GOP primary on Staten Island  https://t.co/9ijbJQnH6F https://t.co/5NNKWuNfmR
RT @jrosenbaum: Looks like a special session for possible impeachment of @EricGreitens is coming. Unprecedented times here in Missouri: htt…
RT @APAndrewTaylor: 1) All politics is local.	2) It all comes down to turnout.	3) Never fire the Chaplain.
RT @mikedebonis: Well, that was sure fun, everyone. https://t.co/j0FuURYsYB https://t.co/UxSdDUKtO2
RT @pkcapitol: Updated chaplain story: Father Conroy accuses Paul Ryan's chief of anti-Catholic bias in trying to force him out, says he no…
RT @eliseviebeck: This is the abuse allegation. Again, @RepCardenas denies these claims. https://t.co/ylfyoKjHQD
NEWS w/@eliseviebeck : 	Rep. Tony Cárdenas denies allegations in lawsuit alleging child sex abuse https://t.co/YeYtv8XFtZ
Great story by @pkcapitol and @daveweigel :	https://t.co/RmdYTbVxdj
RT @DonnaCassata: Analysis | The Daily 202: Trump's big gambit has paid off — at least for him. https://t.co/THTSosq9Ho
RT @priaribi: This is the best thing I’ve seen all week (via @washingtonpost) https://t.co/HDsFzb9CVn
The subtleties of a non-walk-back walk-back can be difficult for reporters at any level to grasp 	https://t.co/TOVay0kRCy
RT @seungminkim: Hey senator -- I'd love to hear why the fact that this was written by an intern, and a very capable one at that, is releva…
RT @JonLemire: I just reached Dr. Harold Bornstein on the phone and identified myself as a reporter. His response:		“Oh, you’re a reporter?…
"Two Cheers for Corporate Tax Cuts" is headline on Rubio's National Review piece today
@khefling @sonyagal I found this graf from the Times Union story particularly evocative of @DevlinBarrett https://t.co/epUgfXgkY0
RT @KThomasDC: Trump to State Dept employees: "You'll be doing things that you don't even know about."
Congrats @DevlinBarrett . I assume you are telling these children about how it all started in the Solarium cc @MCJalonick @khefling @KThomasDC @MatthewDalyWDC 	https://t.co/7sgtueGDgX
Reminder that Pelosi has a history of bullish predictions and they don't always come true	https://t.co/6gccmTExtG
@igorbobic Oh come on buck up	Twitter is still sometimes fun	Like that Matt Gaetz thing
Noting possibility that R’s lose House, GOP Rep Mark Amodei tells me: 	“If Kevin absolutely, positively wants to run for speaker, he’s got to get Paul a job as the cheese ambassador before the end of the year.”
Rare trifecta of soaring stocks, cheap loans and low inflation coming to an end https://t.co/g40asvPU5Z https://t.co/9cywt1Wx47
Trump delays steel and aluminum tariffs for Canada, Mexico and European Union, pulling back on major trade threat https://t.co/ZKfi1Y37ab
First "moron"-gate and now this, @carolelee is cornering the market on scoops about SAO insults of the president!	https://t.co/uPPscd4Gos the president
@kelsey_snell @ahrferrier @deirdrewalshcnn @NPR @DaviSusan @scottdetrow This is wonderful news unless it means @deirdrewalshcnn will no longer be around the Hill which would make me sad
@AlexNBCNews Frustrating aspect of this story is that no members have publicly specified these concerns with his pastoral care, that I'm aware
Not the first time Rubio's turned on a piece of legislation he supported .. 	https://t.co/wFnYYfBVCS
RT @seungminkim: Wow congrats @deirdrewalshcnn! One of the smartest and sharpest congressional reporters around. So excited for you! https:…
The World We Live In: Some people are paying for cuddles. And it’s not what you might think. https://t.co/Ax5fqYcMZy
RT @katebrower: .@margarettalev you did an incredible job and made your point eloquently and thoughtfully https://t.co/c2eSztJ0ye
RT @rebeccagberg: Now here is a guy who really wants to win his GOP Senate primary https://t.co/I1MFRVMoeN
RT @AlexNBCNews: Pelosi Statement on Speaker Ryan’s Firing of Chaplain Pat Conroy https://t.co/7HsnP9qA2T
A proud moment for GOP Rep James Comer @KYComer https://t.co/xMXPyaV1MH
RT @rachaelmbade: WHERE are the members who asked Ryan to get rid of the chaplain &amp; why have we not heard from them? It’s kinda surprising…
RT @LACaldwellDC: .@NancyPelosi on firing of the House chaplain: 		"The speaker did a very bad thing. He said because the chaplain is not a…
Ryan seeks to defend ouster of House chaplain, as members question his motives https://t.co/sK0Y5qbo9n
Drama on House floor as Dems stand to demand formation of select committee to investigate chaplain firing
Ryan addressed chaplain controversy in conference this am saying there was no “malfeasance”. Members cite desire for more pastoral care
RT @pkcapitol: Well,  Father Pat just threw Speaker Paul under the bus. Both Catholics. 	It’s unclear who’s right. But we are headed for so…
RT @lindsemcpherson: "Father Conroy won't be commenting about his departure," the chaplain's office told @AlexGangitano today.		This after…
House Dems rolling out a new Better Deal plank tmrw, deets here: https://t.co/h5mF6Sa8LK
@stephaniekotuby That's my daughter Olive! She is very spirited.
Thanks @SpeakerRyan, @NancyPelosi for welcoming kids today including my daughters Olive and Lucy (below w friends)!	https://t.co/VeEbthV7BS
“Everyone say go tax reform!” Paul Ryan instructs reporters’ kids https://t.co/YqKyfi0XF8
Ryan pressed (by child) about what he’s doing about nation’s ruinous debt. 	Talks entitlement reform.
Nancy Pelosi tells children Scott Pruitt’s policies threaten their future https://t.co/Ja4N0B112X
RT @seungminkim: Ronny Jackson OUT as VA nominee https://t.co/kEtjSSzF6J
RT @pkcapitol: A really good @WaPoSean look at Jon Tester and how he is different than most Trump/red-state Dems up in 2018, as he faces hi…
@APAndrewTaylor I thought it smelled more like a live fish, but yes
Banking Committee Chairman Crapo uncertain of status of Dodd-Frank rollback bill. “I hear a lot of rumors but I can’t confirm any of them.”
Cornyn says that with just 50 Republican votes present in Senate, there’s “some uncertainty” about the outcome for Jackson
@seungminkim @mkraju @burgessev @edokeefe  https://t.co/pboxs2kCTF
@burgessev You seem to be in there
"We cannot say we should get rid of it like that" Macron says on JCPOA	(Dems applaud)
Macron is "sure" that "one day" the U.S. will rejoin the Paris climate agreement (Dems applaud)
House Approps Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen says he’s heard “zero” from White House or leadership on the rescissions package
RT @seungminkim: Important story that is getting overlooked today — a Trump cabinet official tells Trump to consider reengaging in TPP, cou…
Classic Harry Reid quote via @HeidiPrzybyla - R’s are “the limpest waffle you’ve ever seen”	https://t.co/l7x6O1QOpv
RT @sppeoples: “Tax reform is not going to create a lot of jobs," says West Virginia Republican Senate candidate Don Blankenship in GOP deb…
https://t.co/DPfSt4Bt74
@burgessev It occurred to me he probably meant that the distinguished minority leader would filibuster the rabbit (or shoot it)
RT @byHeatherLong: Here's the transcript from the #dandruff moment:		“We have a very special relationship, in fact I’ll get that little pie…
Ag Sec Sonny Perdue, under questioning from @SteveDaines, tells senators it would be good to rejoin TPP and he's encouraged Trump to do so
RT @juliemason: Real talk about Trump's war on the press:		https://t.co/omLkOhFsAS
Looking forward to bringing my 6-yr-old and 4-yr-old daughters to the Capitol Thursday. They have some tough questions for @SpeakerRyan and @NancyPelosi 	https://t.co/oYp8tjzPRi
Lookin good @edokeefe !	https://t.co/1RuW4h994x
Sen Roberts, to Ag Sec Perdue re holdup on noms: 		“I think that if a rabbit crossed the Senate floor, that the distinguished leader of the minority would probably either file cloture on the rabbit or shoot it. 	And so that’s a real problem.”
Great story by @APAndrewTaylor -- and another example is Portman-Brown in Ohio: A tough re-election climate tests the chumminess in Senate   https://t.co/nvHa3gLVz6
@rachaelmbade Even if it doesn't, McCarthy will have fought the good fight in view of conservatives in the conference, right? That seems to count for something under the circumstances ...
CNN chyron rn: "Corker Gives Worst Endorsement of All Time"
RT @byHeatherLong: Remember Trump's steel &amp; aluminum tariffs?	US companies have sent in over 3,800 applications for exemptions from the tar…
Thanks @cspanwj @cspan @BennettJohnT and C-SPAN callers!	https://t.co/ElcLLAtS5I
Niels and I interviewed @SenatorLankford 	@ https://t.co/fLrls2lPhU
@DeborahRoth @PeteJamison Hello!!
In DC news, another odd chapter in Council Member Trayon White’s evolving understanding of Jews, via @PeteJamison 	https://t.co/0ya19MsO4n
RT @daveweigel: Schumer's endorsement of marijuana decriminalization, in addition to a policy shift, is part of a grander strategy of givin…
RT @burgessev: Republicans are considering cutting debate time on judges from 30 hours to 8, nearly halving the time it takes to confirm th…
Juicy deets via @WaPoSean @michaelscherer @jdawsey1 -Razor-thin Senate majority, bloody primary fights hamstring GOP https://t.co/nx6rASPXMo
"I thought we had him lassoed pretty tight on that" -- a sarcastic Pat Roberts on Trump and TPP 	https://t.co/85wu7eOjSp
Duckworth arrives at the Senate to make history with her baby. “It feels great. It’s about time” she says. https://t.co/VRUzbZ0Rng
Amazing reporting in this piece by Brody Mullins and my brilliant former AP colleague @bykowicz	https://t.co/TqN9B3J897
Rubio on the floor explaining his turnaround to support Bridenstine for NASA chief	"We give great deference to the president ... and the more important the job, the more discretion the president deserves"
@mattdizwhitlock Please continue to transcribe and tweet your morning chats with Sen Hatch going forward
RT @pkcapitol: Sure, McConnell is the decider in the Senate -- what bills get to the floor (no Mueller protection, no recission package) --…
@JakeSherman @RichardRubinDC ok that is big of you jake
@RichardRubinDC Thank you Richard.
RT @RichardRubinDC: This is a smart @ericawerner story on the legislative/political debate among Republicans on a potential next round of t…
Schumer says he's concerned Trump will "buy a pie of magic beans" from Kim Jong Un
RT @burgessev: Good story by my arch rival and sworn enemy @mkraju on GOP ambivalence regarding Trump re-elect  https://t.co/iTPve8XEml
RT @seungminkim: Republicans fear political risk in Senate races as House moves to extend tax cuts, via @ericawerner https://t.co/RmBcPaZFlv
RT @seungminkim: "Is Trump playing the role of educator-in-chief, or simply sharing historical facts he’s newly learned?"		Another great de…
Flake just switched to "yes" so the vote on Bridenstine can pass
OH in Senate Press Gallery "How do you spell Jim Bridenstine?"
RT @hillhulse: You could say they spaced out on NASA vote. https://t.co/rPFCECgMrp
@hillhulse Good one Carl!
RT @seungminkim: .@SenPatRoberts, when asked about the prospects of allowing babies on the Senate floor (to accommodate Duckworth’s newborn…
Gardner on Pruitt: “There certainly seems to be a drumbeat against him” but he retains support in Senate GOP caucus
Reporter (@StevenTDennis) to Sen Gardner: “Senator, on marijuana ..”	Gardner: “No, I’m not.”
RT @byHeatherLong: More greed from Big Pharma:	Science hinted that cancer patients could take less of a $148,000-a-year drug. Its makers (@…
"We need more customers and ... customers come from free trade agreements," Kevin Brady says in tax speech at Heritage Foundation.
So, nevermind ...?	https://t.co/uqgKB6T7BT
@seungminkim The most fun part of a new job is also getting off of everybody's press list! 	(But again, not everybody.)
McConnell shoots down rescissions: "You can’t make an agreement one month and say ok we really didn’t mean it."
Budget Committee to Chairman Mike Enzi: "I thought we were friends!"	https://t.co/3TSXx09ffB
RT @jeffzeleny: "The IRS is crashing? It sounds horrible. It sounds really bad. I hope it gets fixed," Larry Kudlow, the president's chief…
IRS online filing system experiencing technical difficulties as millions of Americans scramble to meet Tax D https://t.co/VV9nlsYGwC https://t.co/OvwyoUUuD5
RT @pkcapitol: Read this @SenBobCorker profile-- he spent 4 days trying to answer one question from @bterris: Would you vote for Trump agai…
Sens Capito, Portman, Thune and Fischer tout GOP tax bill amid upside-down polling https://t.co/4uXmfSdL6B
Kevin Brady, from gaggle yesterday, addresses being floated for Speaker: https://t.co/cbUjFejMrF
“America’s just, it’s filled with surprises.” - Orrin Hatch on the Cohen-Hannity news
In today's Finance 202 @ToryNewmyer highlights new WaPo/ABC News polling that shows Trump's base likes tariffs- https://t.co/5e6gGlvJNE
RT @pkcapitol: These 3 women - @mccrummenWaPo @bethreinhard &amp; Alice Crites - are honored today for their work exposing Roy Moore. Leigh Cor…
RT @seungminkim: .@washingtonpost wins Pulitzer for Roy Moore coverage. What a cool moment in my new newsroom https://t.co/LLgOfMD2G8
RT @PulitzerPrizes: Congratulations to @nytimes and @washingtonpost! #Pulitzer https://t.co/T1E39WA3x0
RT @PulitzerPrizes: Congratulations to @washingtonpost! #Pulitzer https://t.co/FLueips9PH
RT @USATODAYmoney: Windfall from tax cuts isn’t going to workers: Savings are flowing to company stockholders, trickle to hourly workers. h…
For now, red ink as far as the eye can see. Some day the reckoning will come. W/ the great @damianpaletta: 	https://t.co/VEgwjwSsZU
RT @rachaelmbade: .@SpeakerRyan says a speaker race now during midterms would distract Rs from the real foe: the Dems . Most Rs agree. But…
RT @damianpaletta: In the past 15 months, Trump and Congress have barreled through ALL of the guardrails put in place to restrain the debt.…
RT @WPJohnWagner: By 2022, the U.S. government is projected to spend almost as much money on interest payments for its massive debt as it w…
Scoop by @seungminkim --&gt; Trump, Gardner strike deal on legalized marijuana, ending standoff over Justice nominees https://t.co/Re45r6RNjk
Fascinating from @jestei : A Former Congressional Reporter Explains Her Relationship With the Women of the Senate https://t.co/YzBtnGsIay
RT @mikedebonis: BBA fails, 233-184. Needed 2/3rds majority to advance. Here's your list of heretics: https://t.co/BWQ2O62edj
Conor Lamb just sworn in on House floor by Speaker Ryan
Balanced Budget Amendment fails in House, 233-184 (needed two-thirds)
RT @mikedebonis: Here's @ericawerner and I on today's balanced budget amendment vote scheduled in the House, which is being taken ... less…
Trump orders look at re-entering TPP: 	https://t.co/G8ykwZd3kb
GOP proposes stricter work requirements for food stamp recipients, a step toward a major overhaul of the soc https://t.co/RLCC4EKJQz https://t.co/YONrDTQCvd
RT @pkcapitol: Always read @hillhulse -- In short, Ryan has created a "real mess". 	https://t.co/yDtr4cmBZF
Thune says Trump sounded "bullish" about rejoining TPP after listening to lawmakers' arguments in favor
"Wait on me, Wild Bob!" -- Sen Roberts to Sen Corker as he hurried to Pompeo hearing
RT @damianpaletta: As Trump prepares to meet with GOP lawmakers and governors about China and the trade war, some are already raising fears…
Just in, more bipartisanship!: 	Hatch, Harris Call on Sessions, DOJ to Stop Blocking Medical Marijuana Research	h/t @seungminkim
Who says bipartisanship is dead. Hemp is bringing people together as McConnell and Wyden extol its virtues on the Senate floor.
Hemp would be eligible for crop insurance under their legislation, McConnell says
Wyden is another sponsor. Earlier he regaled me with an anecdote about buying hemp hearts for his wife at Costco when she was pregnant.
RT @pkcapitol: Yesterday @SpeakerBoehner joined a pot board. Today, @SenateMajLdr is boasting about "hemp potential" on the Senate floor, i…
McConnell on the floor talking up his hemp bill  - The Hemp Farming Act of 2018		Says he's been talking to farmers, and "Time and again they shared with me their enthusiasm for hemp's potential"
RT @karoun: First Pompeo protester to get arrested inspires this exchange:		Corker: "Sen Roberts I'm sure that happens when discussing soyb…
RT @damianpaletta: Fiscal hawk Ryan leaves behind growing deficits and a changed GOP https://t.co/7vAPscGZW4
Ryan says his decision "not at all" influenced by how Trump has changed Washington and the GOP
Rep Massie: “A 6-month speaker race is unprecedented. Some candidates won’t survive the scrutiny.”
Mark Meadows: "He has an outstanding legacy as a conservative policy thought leader and will be successful in any future endeavor."
RT @mikedebonis: It's true: @SpeakerRyan will retire after his current term. Just told staff. Loud applause heard outside his office suite.…
RT @pkcapitol: Just do yourself a favor today: immediately tune out anyone who tells you this is a good thing for Republicans. 	It’s not. P…
House Speaker Paul Ryan will not seek reelection, he tells friends and colleagues https://t.co/ioxDByD09X
Ryan Shocker. He's announcing the news to his staff now, per source. Retiring from Congress.
Various R’s yesterday saying they don’t think Trump will fire Mueller. Unclear what gives them this confidence . 	 https://t.co/NozTek1zhp
Cole: Rescission “unrealistic and https://t.co/B0BgsfP4go’s hard enough to make a bargain around here you can’t break your word the minute you give it”
RT @agearan: Why America’s return to $1 trillion deficits is a big problem for you, from @byHeatherLong  https://t.co/exL3SWxZgs
RT @byHeatherLong: Just in: Trump signed an executive order today to start a new phase of welfare reform. 	The goal is to get more people o…
Small motley crew protesting Facebook outside Capitol https://t.co/gZ3W0iDCnK
Ag Chairman Pat Roberts opposes new subsidy program to make it up to farmers for tariffs. 	"I don’t know what kind of cockamamie scheme we could come up with that would be fair."	Instead wants export markets, and told Lighthizer so. "Sell something!"
Senate elevator exchange between Sens. Pat Roberts and Heidi Heitkamp https://t.co/UzfFQ3MIlL
Pat Roberts says much talk of tariffs at GOP lunch, message was “Call the president”	Asked who said so: “That’s classified sticky-wicket.”
Schumer won’t say whether firing Mueller or Rosenstein is an impeachable offense
McConnell open to discussing rescissions bill but says whether it will pass is another matter 		Also wants Balanced Budget Amendment vote
McConnell still confident Mueller won’t get fired, doesn’t see need for Congress to act. 	Asked if he’s gotten new assurances - doesn’t say.
@burgessev I see you have relaxed your opposition to using all-caps in tweets
RT @damianpaletta: House-Senate standoff imperils effort to roll back Dodd-Frank law, with banking rules in the balance https://t.co/rsKkar…
McConnell did not address the Cohen raid or other Trump issues in his Leader remarks. Talked noms and tax bill.
Schumer talking Trump on Senate floor: 	"The investigation of your personal attorney is not an attack on our country.  ... Mr President your comments are a disgrace."
RT @mikedebonis: RESCISSIONS, SCHMICISSIONS: @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski throw chilly vibes on WH/House push for spending cuts. http…
ICYMI, great story by @LisaMascaro capturing House Dem leadership dynamics 	https://t.co/TZKgG6shSh
RT @NickTimiraos: CBO says the US will spend more on interest payments on the public debt than it does on the military beginning in 2023		D…
Trump says he'll "make it up" to farmers, but how? https://t.co/WohEGdncSt
Via @daveweigel, Farmers who propelled Trump to presidency fear becoming pawns in trade war https://t.co/sVwO24m0UV
RT @seungminkim: Smart @WaPoSean look at how Rs, preparing for House loss, are increasingly directing resources toward keeping Senate major…
The balanced budget amendment to the Constitution that will be voted on Thursday in the House	https://t.co/BgUlccfbiN
RT @RonBrownstein: Leading to the obvious question for @SenSasse @joniernst &amp; other farm state R's criticizing China #TradeWar : what if an…
@feliciasonmez Thank you!
Sasse torches new Trump China tariffs https://t.co/yzpAvZWdnm
RT @seungminkim: .@realDonaldTrump talks up Dodd-Frank rollback bill: "We’re actually getting bipartisan support. Does anybody believe that…
RT @KThomasDC: Portman: “I don’t know what Renacci’s position’s going to be. I just don’t know. But as you know, Brown and I work together…
Ohio workers like Trump’s tariffs, and that’s making trouble for the GOP https://t.co/MUUm6MeG7K https://t.co/2s1wWnivtu
RT @washingtonpost: Republican senators denounce escalating trade spat, weigh options to respond https://t.co/lG77sxenvQ
Sen Pat Roberts (R-Kansas) on Trump administration trade moves: "It’s a fine mess that they have gotten us into."
@jameshohmann "oodles"!
Sen Toomey says Senate has "leverage" to push back on trade moves, including by holding up noms, denying TPA extension, renegotiated NAFTA vote. 	Not advocating any of above, but laid them out in intvu.
RT @damianpaletta: It remains unclear what the $500 billion is referring to. The Us trade deficit with China isn’t even $400 billion. White…
Why Senate Republicans aren’t listening to Trump’s pleas to ‘go nuclear’ https://t.co/mHByjPXbvZ https://t.co/kXGR8cAuRY
Uncertainty about McCain’s future fuels GOP questions about Senate seat https://t.co/0sVUFTkbQj https://t.co/tZDWQrEfdN
@BenFellerNY @carolelee Wait... Does this work?? I’ll report back.
@jdawsey1 Yes. For myself, I appreciated the reminder that I have not yet lost the ability to be shocked.
RT @eliseviebeck: @PostBaron sets the record straight: Jeff Bezos is not involved in our news coverage. See below: https://t.co/HORTJzGVLu
@JaneYeh3 @BostonReview Love this ... Congrats!!
ICYMI. Uncertainty on Hill about what exactly is being planned; but agreement that any rescission bill would be very unlikely to pass.  	https://t.co/MkR0SwcSF4
White House considers plan to slash spending from budget bill https://t.co/BD9uTzoz0N
@seungminkim I would read it
Whatever these “tough laws” are would not likely pass even if McConnell did do nuke option which he won’t ... 	https://t.co/vFd7K2SSBN
RT @jdawsey1: The Daily News reads @damianpaletta. https://t.co/eBDvg3xxyj
RT @mikedebonis: Reporting from SOUTH BEND, Ind.	-- and my dear colleagues from LEXINGTON, Ky., and MIDDLETOWN, Pa., and KINGSTON, N.Y., an…
RT @pkcapitol: We spent the week talking to dozens of House Dem candidates - and dozens &amp; dozens of Dem voters. The energy is real. 	The bi…
RT @pkcapitol: Look, come November Ryan might leave, might stay. But take it from Boehner &amp; Cantor, the speaker is not about to resign now,…
Sen Blumenthal on NPR predicting Ronnie Jackson will face a “buzzsaw of skepticism” in VA confirmation hearings
Great read by the great @damianpaletta 	https://t.co/IZHSZujfaa
Trump promised $1.5 trillion in infrastructure spending. He’s 1 percent of the way there. https://t.co/XpYFFIR4bI https://t.co/cye4Gtko8z
And across the street the opposing view https://t.co/lDIe3Jxw5h
Supporters waiting for Trump’s arrival in Richfield, Ohio https://t.co/3UoY1KRT7v
$1.5 trillion tax cut, $1.3 trillion spending bill busting caps, Trump budget that didn’t balance ... and now this 	https://t.co/tVcbyg29tO
The debt crisis is on our doorstep https://t.co/M1E6LMLjoQ
Mark Amodei floats Ryan resignation rumor, refers to him as "Mr Cheese Guy," per @RayHagarNV https://t.co/j1rlx31bfN
RT @burgessev: The Senate GOP has 51 votes right now and can't pass a budget, so the filibuster ain't the problem.
RT @burgessev: "This bill stinks but is also great" is actually a pretty widespread sentiment
Trump says he wants Hispanics and DACA recipients to know that Republicans support them more than Democrats "who are using you for their own purposes"
Trump thanks members of Congress for "working so hard"
RT @rachaelmbade: Trump's comments essentially throw GOP leaders under the bus on omni/create distance between himself and Republicans who…
Reminder:	https://t.co/YQtCz3BtRx
Trump says he was open to protecting even a larger population than current DACA recipients. Democrats had pushed for that but said White House wouldn't agree.
Trump says they want great legislation and "Without the filibuster rule it will happen just like magic."
Trump: "I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all government spending bill."
Trump: "We have to get rid of the filibuster rule."
Trump: "I say to Congress I will never sign another bill like this again."
RT @WaPoSean: Johnny Isakson, a Republican senator from Georgia, is hoping Trump doesn’t make good on his veto threat —&gt;	“I don’t think wha…
RT @FoxReports: There has been quite the evolution here in the last week or so. https://t.co/5IkA8bmvBy
Must-read by @danbalz 	Biden vs. Trump: How low can you go? https://t.co/kI2bsp2jou https://t.co/aR2iGlfdYK
RT @elizacollins1: Ivanka Trump was also touting her wins in the bill related to child care at an event yesterday https://t.co/Tm3gnJ3KSg
RT @StevenTDennis: There is always a tweet yada yada. But this one is from Wednesday night! https://t.co/twCF6GZhh3
RT @burgessev: Government shutdown amid massive gun control march would be some interesting optics
Senior Dem aide: “He’s just trying to get a reaction from Democrats over something that’s demonstrably false.”
The House and Senate are gone after working into the night to pass a bill the White House said Trump would sign. 	Shutdown deadline tonite
RT @seungminkim: What?????????? https://t.co/1jBrvZRlji
RT @mikedebonis: Closing the loop: @JohnCornyn said that the renaming provision will remain. While the Senate passed a correction, "there w…
Omni passes Senate 65-32 following some truly wild drama 	Now goes to Trump for his signature
RISCH declined comment 	“No. What part of no don’t you understand? ...Do I have a problem with my English? I don’t have any comment.”
"My principle responsibility is begging, pleading and cajoling" McConnell tells Corker on the floor after Corker complains about process. 	McConnell also tells Corker (humorously) that he's sorry to see him leave the Senate since he's enjoyed it so much
Never change, Senate 	https://t.co/nlzckYGcMh
Senate may pass the omni tonight
Rand Paul tells me he is now prepared to allow votes on the omni to go forward
RT @mikedebonis: Quite a twist here, folks. The goat tonight is not only @RandPaul, it's @SenatorRisch, who is seeking to have the bill cha…
RT @byHeatherLong: Breaking: Trump has officially exempted the following nations from the steel &amp; aluminum #tariffs until May 1st	Argentina…
A live quorum is happening!	That’s where they round up all the senators
A Paul-McConnell convo has occurred. There is no readout. Yet.
@siobhanehughes Allow me to commend you on your commitment to the term Messrs, even on Twitter, Madam
If only @asfram ever looked at Twitter he would know how much love his awesome Rand Paul ledes get 	https://t.co/yYHz0L02wA
Per spox, Rand Paul is awaiting a call from leadership, which he hasn't gotten. 	Is open to discussing compromise of some kind. 	Based on this convo will decide whether or not to allow UC on omni.
RT @mikedebonis: 'It's never been my goal to shut down government,' @RandPaul says, adding he wants to read the bill. 'They can roll over m…
RT @mikedebonis: Big props to @KevinYoder &amp; @RepMikeQuigley for making this happen at long last. https://t.co/FgBbdRNSZw
Read this column! @pkcapitol on how the GOP 'Read the Bill' mantra is on the other foot 	https://t.co/tvLWxOgSVZ
RT @frankthorp: Without a time agreement to speed up the process:	- Tomorrow is the intervening day (no votes)	- SATURDAY would be the earl…
RT @damianpaletta: The Dow Jones Industrial Average has fallen 2658..82 points, or 10%, since its high on January 26. Correction territory.…
RT @AshleyRParker: Trump had the chance to get funding for his "big, beautiful wall." But then he blew it. @seungminkim w the behind-the-sc…
"As best as I can tell the president didn’t get his wall, but Sen. Schumer got a swell tunnel out of it," Sen Kennedy (R-La.) says on the omni. 	"The Democrats love this bill like the devil loves sin."
Sen McConnell, in one of his increasingly-non-rare hallway interviews, tells reporters Senate will vote on omni "As soon as we can."	Has he spoken with Sen Paul?	"Well find out in the next few hours how quickly we'll be able to move to it."
Louie Gohmert: "I never thought I would see the day when my party had a worse process than Obamacare did, but this was a worse process.”
Scalise predicts majority of the majority will vote for omni. 	Blames rushed process on D objections but says most of bill was alrdy known.
RT @edatpost: OVERNIGHT: @mikedebonis, @ericawerner and I scoured the $1.3 trillion spending deal for notable nuggets. Here’s what we found…
Truly going above and beyond the call of duty, @edatpost is spending his last night at the Post ... compiling a listicle of items in the omni. 	At his own insistence. 	He claims to love it.
Leaving late votes tonight House GOP leaders not yet able to say whether they’ll be voting tomorrow or Friday on the omni.
RT @mikedebonis: Before everyone gives Congress a big pat on the back for cracking down on crazy office redecorations... that's not new.	Se…
RT @ASimendinger: In the $1.3T omnibus spending bill, a Carson/Zinke/Pruitt redecoration codicil: https://t.co/JxZki3V80Z
RT @seungminkim: 2,232 pages. The omni, is. https://t.co/xXJgb1pf6Y
RT @mikedebonis: NEWSLET: Per three officials, THERE IS a minor league baseball provision in the omnibus. But it is not a blanket labor-law…
@kelsey_snell I have a story, it goes like this: 	Friday (no)	Saturday (nope)	Sunday (nada)	Monday (not)	Tuesday (uh-uh)	2pm Wednesday (no siree)	5pm Wednesday (didn’t happen)	6pm Wednesday (fast approaching!)	12:01am Saturday: SHUTDOWN
RT @mikedebonis: To be clear, he is undecided on whether he wants to force a shutdown. He is definitely voting against the bill. https://t.…
Rand Paul still undecided. 	“I’m undecided on what is unknown. There is no bill. How can people make a decision on bills that don’t exist?”
Scalise just now: “Last I heard is the president supports this package.”
RT @byHeatherLong: BREAKING: Federal Reserve hikes interest rate to highest level in a decade (1.5% to 1.75%), but still predicts only 3 in…
RT @mikedebonis: UPDATE on gun provisions: 2 aides says deal has been cut for Fix NICS in return for report language clarifying that there…
Sen Doug Jones is delivering his maiden floor speech 	Calling for a “comprehensive” gun safety bill https://t.co/zlaF4sAUUq
Omni is "currently being finalized" per McConnell on the floor
hashtag spring https://t.co/08xtxqr1kq
Sounds like “grain glitch” fix makes it into omni 	(addressing prob in tax bill favoring farm co-ops over regular corporations)
RT @mikedebonis: NEW: Omnibus almost done. Among the last outstanding issue: GUNS.	Deal on the table would add Fix NICS, plus report langua…
To be a fly on the wall for this... https://t.co/IxfyeSuH96
Still unresolved on the omni:	- Fix NICS	- Grain glitch 	And a CR is unlikely. They will work up to and maybe through deadline.
@JakeSherman Also schools are closed some people have kids even aides and reporters
Big Four leaders meeting later this morning to close out final deets https://t.co/3gJ0D6iBAz
RT @edatpost: Walking out of the @uscapitol for the last time as a @washingtonpost reporter. An incredible privilege to serve at an incredi…
@edatpost @uscapitol @washingtonpost @pkcapitol @mikedebonis @WaPoSean @karoun @daveweigel @seungminkim You will be greatly missed
Increasing scuttlebutt that the omnibus may not get filed until tomorrow, raising shutdown possibility
@igorbobic I for one enjoyed participating in a non-metaphorical charade up here for a change
Pre-emptive snow closures have begun! https://t.co/tMzTmh1UHg
Fix NICS is in play for the omni, with Dems pushing a gun provision of their own in return
Schumer says they are “very close” on omnibus
McConnell on Trump’s call to Putin: “Well the president can call whomever he chooses” but it “would not have been high on my list.”
McConnell: “I don’t think Bob Mueller is going anywhere.”
Asked by @JonLemire abt Trump's opposition to Gateway, @PressSec says: 	"The president specifically wants to address infrastructure on a broader scale, not put all our emphasis into one project."
Marc Short on Gateway project:	"I think that the president has made his wishes well known. .. I think we'll end up being fine on that.”
@burgessev @APAndrewTaylor Thanks Burgess. #smeltzers
Latest on the omni, with @mikedebonis and @jdawsey1 	https://t.co/lh5JQiYVEc
Gateway project a sticking point delaying omnibus. 	Pete King: “It’s not over til it’s over and the president will have the final say.”
RT @RebeccaRKaplan: Hoyer represents the district where Great Mills HS is located. He is headed there now, per his office. https://t.co/5Nb…
Welcome to day 2 of the day when the omni is supposed to be filed
“To suggest that someone can’t express their frustration would be the opposite of who we are as a nation” Meadows said of Trump &amp; Mueller
Mark Meadows earlier said he’s spoken w Trump, Trump not considering firing Mueller, Trump’s Twitter attacks on Mueller are “free speech”
NC GOP Reps. Walker, Hudson &amp; McHenry earlier in a tribute to the late Rep. Howard Coble https://t.co/uYvREHKGJK
GOP Rep Mike Simpson earlier on omni state-of-play, via @mikedebonis : 	"I don't think they can file this bill tonight. ... When they said, 'We'd like to file tonight,' I started to laugh."
RT @costareports: Asked people close to Trump why he feels compelled to signal support to Collins. The usual answer: loyalty. She supported…
NEWS w/ @costareports : Trump spoke with Sens Alexander, Collins on Saturday offering his support for health subsidies in omni. 	https://t.co/Dt1y7cXykz
RT @damianpaletta: Big slip up by senior Treasury official on eve of G20 meeting shows how the Trump administration risks fumbling its Chin…
Great scoop by @mikedebonis https://t.co/cGd1EDsM31
Memorable moments with Louise Slaughter:	A gaggle where she was asked about reports that Eric Massa was having tickle fights with staffers. 	"Whatever for?" she marveled in that inimitable southern accent.
RT @damianpaletta: Canadian government responds to Washington Post article and Trump’s latest tweet via its ambassador. Cites US government…
RT @edatpost: At Friendsof Ireland luncheon at the Capitol, @SpeakerRyan tells the Irish Taoiseach that Guinness tastes better in Ireland,…
Pelosi: “Yes I am a liberal."
“I don’t think your opponent should pick your party’s leader,” Pelosi says, describing herself as a "Master legislator for the good of the American people."
Pelosi on Conor Lamb's opposition to her as speaker: "I don’t think he ran against me the entire time. I think he ran on his positive agenda."
"Let them think that. Let them think that," Pelosi says on GOP claims that the Conor Lamb (apparent) win was an anomaly for various reasons
RT @mikedebonis: Her Haspel comments on Tuesday...	"Since my concerns were raised over the torture situation, I have met with her extensive…
Pelosi on PA18: "The tax message simply failed."
RT @byHeatherLong: Trump is wrong on this. From the US Trade Reprendentstive’s website... The US has a $12.5 billion trade surplus with Can…
RT @jdawsey1: For those interested, we just posted the full transcript of Trump's remarks at the fundraiser last night. Thanks to @gjbarb f…
Hatch says he hasn’t spoken w Trump about mystery Phase 2 tax cuts and “only obliquely” knows what Trump is envisioning. 	“He will, though. He’s going to have to.”
RT @carolelee: US officials say MBS has kept his mother from his father, deceived the king about her whereabouts, out of concern she might…
RT @joshledermanAP: Someday I want to grow up to be as talented as @carolelee
Another amazing @jdawsey1 scoop	https://t.co/BPBCQCtrot
RT @seungminkim: How the GOP has transformed on trade: "It’s tougher to find somebody who would just go out unabashedly and say, ‘I’m a fre…
RT @davidjlynch: "There’s no recession coming," Kudlow wrote as the worst recession since the Great Depression began https://t.co/LywYmnm698
With @seungminkim and @jdawsey1 , a look at how Trump is realigning the GOP on trade 	https://t.co/o5aWxdsmJn
RT @mikedebonis: NEWS w/ @jdawsey1: White House is telling GOP Hill leaders that Trump is open to a short-term DACA-for-wall deal on the co…
RT @BetterMarkets: "Once a bailout recipient, this profitable midsize bank may soon win relief from banking rules" by @renaemerle via @wash…
RT @edatpost: Before most could find #PA18 on the map, @daveweigel spent weeks telling us to keep an eye on Conor Lamb. Then, he reported f…
Per Rep Cramer: Speaker Ryan told members this am that PA18 is “a bit of a wake-up call”
GOP spin on PA18 this am: 	Conor Lamb “ran as a Republican, he ran on the Trump agenda” per GOP Rep Mike Kelly of Pennsylvania
RT @siobhanehughes: McConnell: “Both these nominees seem perfectly well-qualified. We hope they will not be subjected to undue delay.”
RT @siobhanehughes: McConnell on tariffs: “It’s highly unlikely we’d be dealing with that in a legislative way.”
Same 	https://t.co/oCnOWdscwt
RT @mikedebonis: Less than two weeks from another spending deadline, Dems have all but given up on forcing a DACA fix. New plan: defund the…
RT @bykowicz: Trump became a household name with his signature “You’re fired!” TV line. But in two high-profile, real-life instances, Comey…
Back on the tariffs front, good piece by @davidjlynch - This Trump fan would like to ‘buy American.’ Why doesn’t he? https://t.co/YArboNLbPG https://t.co/DaPXeQkdoj
Meanwhile...	In Pennsylvania’s Trump country, a surging Democrat takes House race down to the wire https://t.co/QhabT8uSq7 https://t.co/V0Fq73oNOX
“I would handle things differently,” RonJohn says of Tillerson's firing, but: 	“That's the president's call. .. People in his administration serve at his pleasure. So that's entirely his call. I just had a great deal of respect for Secretary Tillerson.”
RT @edatpost: In the end, no one was more surprised that Tillerson was fired than Tillerson himself, @agearan &amp; @cmorellowp report: https:/…
HATCH: 	"Well I like Rex Tillerson, I think he did a very good job. But it was clear the chemistry wasn't there with the president. And I don't know that using the word fired is right. I think it's a mutual decision.”
Trump wanted to do tariffs and Cohn didn't, so he did them anyway and Cohn resigned		Trump just now saying he wanted out of the Iran deal and Tillerson disagreed, and now Tillerson gone
"I think Rex will be much happier now." - Trump
A couple R senators explained tonight that they're unlikely to pass legislation on tariffs partly because they wouldn't get enough cooperation from Dems
“Yepper” — Sen Thune
"I'm asking why he chickened out" on guns, @PhilipRucker asks @PressSec .		"We are focused on things we can do immediately," she says.
RT @burgessev: Trump was flanked by zero Republicans of Congress
"They were dumping washing machines all over our country." - Trump
On tariffs, Ryan says "It was absolutely prudent and wise to exempt our allies in North America," but he hopes there would be a process for businesses to apply for exemptions, too
Paul Ryan asked about Stormy Daniels, says he hasn’t given it a “second of thought ... Not on my radar screen”
Less than an hour from Trump's big tariff announcement, R senators remain in the dark. 	Wicker: "It's become even more confusing."
RT @pkcapitol: So sorry to see my great friend @edatpost leave WaPo, but this is a huge career move. Congrats. https://t.co/gLK31iv89D
RT @eliseviebeck: DHS official jailed over domestic violence case says he handles ‘high volume’ of classified information https://t.co/sfyP…
Some fuller comments from GOP Rep. Mark Sanford regarding Stormy Daniels https://t.co/4bOJUhQUk1
Sample attempts to ask R senators if they have reax on Stormy Daniels		Hoeven: ”No, unh uh, I don’t.” (smiles, offers to discuss trade instead)		Alexander: “You may certainly ask.” (chuckles, walks away)
RT @pkcapitol: Senate Dems face real divide on banking legislation -- first time Rs have exploited these divisions after a year of partisan…
Schumer's dystopian vision: 	"Tolls, tolls and more tolls. Trump tolls from one end of the nation to the other."
RT @edatpost: A totally fair point. But this is an ad from a senator named Rafael at birth. https://t.co/CY0EiJCGVj
Via the great @damianpaletta and @jdawsey1 - How the establishment is losing to little-known Trump advisers on trade https://t.co/1zDnEtMjF4
Good explainer on the banking bill, via @renaemerle 	https://t.co/VsH8anNJEF
Senate advances plan to weaken Dodd-Frank banking rules on bipartisan vote https://t.co/XZgIWISKPB https://t.co/vgc0GV7ToE
Hatch letter to Trump on tariffs https://t.co/7B9OSfQlwd
Schumer is also making his first comments on Trump’s tariffs saying they appear “not well-targeted”
McConnell, breaking silence on tariffs, says R senators concerned it could “metastasize into a larger trade war.”	“We are urging caution.”
He has been doing this for so many years that it used to not even be on Twitter because there was no Twitter	https://t.co/KNn1tNQlfe
Ryan says tariff approach should be more “surgical” and he’s hopeful discussions with administration will end in a good place
Per Kevin McCarthy here’s the House GOP message on taxes: “Check your check.”		(ie, They hope you find more money in it)
Tariffs major focus at House GOP conference this am 		A number of members voiced concerns - none spoke in favor, per Rep Comer
Hatch says he doesn’t think Trump will actually go through with the tariffs
RT @byHeatherLong: Just in: 5 jobs will be lost for every 1 job saved from Trump's tariffs, says Trade Partnership in new report. 		33,464…
RT @burgessev: McConnell still hasn't said anything publicly about the Trump tariffs
So they’re not on board with the trade war. But can Congress do anything to stop it?	https://t.co/JxmpOZxnGx
RT @damianpaletta: Trump's Trade War - Day 5: POTUS tries to strongarm Mexico and Canada, saying they will only escape steel tariffs after…
RT @damianpaletta: 10 years after financial crisis, Senate prepares to roll back banking rules https://t.co/081yo8Kurd
Great piece by @edatpost on @SenFeinstein , tackling the politics of her re-election - including her age  https://t.co/nDMypzM9gs
Thanks for having me @juliemason so fun as always 	https://t.co/Aw6eFw6NBU
Best poster in WaPo newsroom https://t.co/dGhGyJ33so
Per @damianpaletta, "It could not be immediately learned what Trump believes a “trade war” will look like and how it will be easy for the United States to win."		https://t.co/OzixRPMpJb
Why are tariffs always "slapped" on things is there no other verb
Perhaps unsurprisingly, @BarneyFrank opposes the Senate Dodd-Frank rewrite bill (on floor next week). 	But for anyone interested in this issue his thoughts are must-reading	https://t.co/UasdlKCBwm
RT @edatpost: "Every day is a new adventure": Trump upends Washington and Wall Street with shifts on trade, guns	https://t.co/xSeCUolY8p @d…
RT @damianpaletta: One thing I keep hearing when talking to people about the tariff shocker - the departure of Rob Porter has left a huge p…
RT @washingtonpost: Dow drops more than 500 points after Trump says he will impose tariff on imported steel and aluminum https://t.co/O1RVb…
Trump announces steel and aluminum tariffs Thursday over objections from advisers and Republicans https://t.co/Q2RdJ5Dfxc https://t.co/mJaEuIgXSn
Thune on tariff decision: 		“There is no standard operating practice with this administration. Every day is a new adventure for us.”
It appears no senator of either party knew the tariffs were coming. 		Reporters just broke the news to Sen Roberts who’s “not very happy”
RT @damianpaletta: Things have changed markedly from just a few hours ago. Severe pushback within White House and on Capitol Hill have nudg…
RT @AshleyRParker: But @damianpaletta still broke it! https://t.co/adWoXhSQFs
@Phil_Mattingly He also pronounced Nevada incorrectly fyi @SenDeanHeller cc @RalstonReports
@igorbobic @elisefoley why would you ever take the 110 to the 10 to the 5? wouldn't you just end up back on the 110? or is that your point
RT @damianpaletta: The White House kept its imminent trade decision a secret even from top administration officials until Thursday morning.…
First Trump tells Toomey he's afraid of the NRA, and now new tariffs! Tough breaks for @SenToomey . 	https://t.co/SfLuPsYKuw
Conservatives not happy 	https://t.co/YDt5ynrWDJ
Thune asked on this idea: “Um, I think that’d be hard to sell based on the conversations our members have had.” 	https://t.co/39qFNUlHE2
Just like with that immigration meeting, Trump is engaged and insists he wants to lead where others have not. 	But then he didn't.
Trump says Fix NICS is good but they should "add everything onto it and maybe change the title"
Billy Graham memorial under way shortly in the Rotunda. “The Executive Branch” sent a wreath. https://t.co/pqexTeKH8L
The grim politics of guns and Congress , sagely distilled by @hillhulse   https://t.co/EMfZo7HDzt
Not clear why they wouldn't have time. What else are they going to be doing all year?	https://t.co/7UiuCKVdgF
Great @pkcapitol column on @RepBrianMast 	https://t.co/4011R9KP09
Kevin McCarthy says House will 100 percent pass an infrastructure bill this year.
Asked about action on guns Ryan returns to “colossal breakdown” in Parkland response.  		That breakdown is giving GOP cover for inaction.
RT @WaPoSean: A conservative insurgent pushed the Republican Party closer to another explosive war with itself by positioning himself to la…
RT @pkcapitol: A must read from @ericawerner - not just for coveted KOKOMO dateline: How Donnelly &amp; other Ds deal with surge in tax cut app…
As GOP tax cuts take hold, Democrats struggle for line of attack https://t.co/tKPz6rRXZl
Cornyn says it would be "foolish" to rely on the courts to fix DACA, but “We offered the sun and the moon and that wasn’t enough so I guess we’ll see what happens.”
RT @WaPoSean: On A1 today w/@mikedebonis: Obstacles — and silence — on Capitol Hill even as clamor for new gun laws grows. Decision time fo…
RT @byHeatherLong: Alice Rivlin sums up America's debt problem: "I don't think we're Greece. But if we don't manage ourselves better than w…
The House will be in session for about 24 hours this week and the Senate will confirm a judge or two. 		Neither guns nor immigration on the agenda in either chamber.
RT @damianpaletta: A grippling and chilling @terrence_mccoy tale about a single mother who feels horrified and helpless as her son drifts t…
Gun production booms &amp; busts follow politics, @damianpaletta reports. Current debate could produce another boom. 	 https://t.co/NoF5xNjDUP
RT @byHeatherLong: Ouch. Trump says $200 billion in federal infrastructure money will lead to $1.5 trillion in new investment.		New UPenn W…
@burgessev His answers are not always about the substance of our questions
RT @burgessev: Is there 60 votes in the Senate for much other than (sometimes) keeping the government running these days? I say no.
Graham: 	"The president has the ability to lead on this issue. He’s got to take the reins back from people in the White House who can never get to yes. People like Mr. Miller."
Sen Rounds for some reason is not discouraged
Sen Cornyn is not anticipating dedicated floor time for immigration again anytime soon. 	Maybe something on the omni.
RT @FoxReports: Murkowski: "I fear that you’ve got some within the WH that have not yet figured out that legislation almost by its very def…
“Ultimately deficits do matter,” Gary Cohn says, but we had no choice and aren't worried 	https://t.co/0Klgiq8ZMw
Pelosi is owning her crumbs comment. 		"A banquet for everyone up here, crumbs for everyone down there. I’ll repeat that."
Key point from Pelosi on guns: “This is something where we have to have the public really demand.”		The issue polls well. But the demand from the public has not matched the power of the NRA.
Sounds like a job for the Problem Solvers Caucus	https://t.co/RK56VXNIKS
@mmurraypolitics @jonfavs Democrats have been unable to make the GOP pay a price for inaction. Activists from Gabby Giffords to Mike Bloomberg have been unable to match, much less beat, the NRA.
He's running?	https://t.co/iudfi74WJB
RT @damianpaletta: NEWS: Treasury Secretary Mnuchin likely just broke with rest of Trump administration in response to Florida shooting by…
Schumer: "Let us resolve to do something, something, about the epidemic of gun violence in this country."		He doesn't say what. Maybe because not even background checks can pass the Senate.
RT @karoun: Bannon is in the building, heading down to HPSCI https://t.co/Z4ZzgjNjHO
The approach by Congress, on the other hand, will be the same: Inaction. 	https://t.co/TZ7wHTQirw
RT @byHeatherLong: Well, this happened today: White House budget director Mick Mulvaney effectively admits the GOP tax bill doesn’t pay for…
Missed this from House Budget earlier, but guess what, Mulvaney acknowledged that the tax cuts don't pay for themselves. https://t.co/wQv4S2NMdL
Mulvaney has several times used this House Budget hearing to accuse Schumer of holding up immigration debate in the Senate, and lament how disappointing that is
@burgessev At you?
Sheila Jackson Lee raises domestic violence issue at the White House, and complains the budget doesn’t have a separate line item for violence against women.		Mulvaney says they moved VAWA program into a different fund bc thot it was best place for it.
Hakeem Jeffries read out past Mulvaney statements calling 2012 Obama budget “a joke,” predicting “blood on the floor of the House chamber” over the debt ceiling, etc. etc. 		But as often happens, his time expired and it didn’t really go anywhere
RT @damianpaletta: Sen. Bennet to Mnuchin on the deficit:	"How can you look yourself in the mirror?"	Mnuchin responds: "I share your concer…
Mulvaney slamming Schumer over his criticism of the Trump transportation plan. 	“Mr. Schumer is heavily invested in simply seeing the president fail.”
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump's budget director estimates the president's military parade would cost between $10 million and $30 million, via @er…
Rep Sanford to Mulvaney: "I think we are sleepwalking our way to the largest financial crisis in the history of our country."
Rep Delbene asks Mulvaney if he’s ever taken the SNAP challenge and tried to live on food stamps for a few days. 	Mulvaney: “No ma’am I haven’t.”	She says he should try it.
This came in response to a question from Rep. Barbara Lee who said "How much is that parade going to cost and where is that money coming from?"		Mulvaney said it would have to be appropriated (and is not accounted for in the FY19 budget)
Mulvaney says Trump's military parade will cost between $10 million to $30 million , depending upon the length.
Paul Ryan: “I mean, come on, clearly we should all be condemning domestic violence.”
RT @deirdrewalshcnn: Asked about the President not speaking out against abuse allegations from Porter's ex wives @SpeakerRyan says "clearly…
To debt we have returned https://t.co/ILcotihL95
Mulvaney cleaning up confusion from yesterday when he seemed to say he would vote against the FY19 budget if in Congress -- but actually meant caps deal. 		"That’s absolutely false I absolutely without reservation support this budget ... and would vote for it."
House Budget Chairman Steve Womack opens hearing with Mulvaney by noting the Trump budget fails to balance. 	“It should always be the goal to balance our books.”
Difficult to describe the rollercoaster of emotions in the WaPo booth as the King Cake baby made its sudden appearance in our midst!	https://t.co/HQ6svQUIZL
@scottwongDC Correct but he apparently misunderstood
OMB has now clarified that Mulvaney was referring to the caps deal, and that he would in fact vote for the FY19 budget proposal 	https://t.co/8coYC1Jr4i
Several GOP senators who voted for the $1.5 trillion unpaid-for tax bill are bemoaning deficits and debt, not that that’s news
Murray: "If you were in Congress would you have voted for this budget?"		Mulvaney: "I probably would have found enough shortcomings to vote against it."
As Merkley tries to pin him down Mulvaney says, “I don’t like to answer loaded questions that are simply rhetorical and may not be correct.”
Mulvaney brought the socks https://t.co/Y0iv9MNKYD
Gardner references various bonuses..	Mulvaney: “Only a very wealthy person from SFC wld think that was a crumb”		What a gift Pelosi gave GOP
Bernie angrily tells Mulvaney that thousands will die and others will freeze bc of cuts in Trump budget. 		Mulvaney disputes this, of course
@seungminkim Seems wrong that an immigration debate is happening in the Senate w/out you!
Day 2 (well really Day 1) of what was billed as a freewheeling immigration debate. https://t.co/X2zpE1E313
Sen Ernst on CNN, re Trump budget: "We do want to see that budget balanced at some point and we’re not seeing that clearly."
Tonight in head-scratching Senate news: Senate GOP leaders want the immigration debate over by Thurs, and Corker appears to maybe be considering un-retiring
Notwithstanding his earlier suggestion about forgoing a budget, House Budget Chairman Steve Womack says it's his plan to "do a budget that balances in the 10-year window."	Is he disappointed Trump's budget doesn't balance?	"Presidents propose!"
Groans OH in press gallery as Schumer makes a "for whom the bell tolls" pun related to tolls in the Trump infrastructure plan
As if people aren't outraged enough that Schumer is calling bourbon made in Brooklyn "bourbon," he just seemed on the verge of suggesting it could be called "Kentucky bourbon" ! 	(According to Ky people bourbon is only bourbon if produced in Ky)
Hard to imagine Ryan responding this favorably to an Obama budget that failed to balance and projected rising deficits https://t.co/zDkS0pvDAQ
RT @myhlee: In budget deal, new signs of clipped wings among GOP’s fiscal hawks. With @WaPoSean: https://t.co/hb8KnQdw02
@Goldfarb @damianpaletta It's all coming up roses for @damianpaletta !
This Mark Walker stmt calls for doing something Congress is definitely not going to do, and says "anything less is a failure" https://t.co/WOPEjEyCKw
Hm what changed?	https://t.co/WCWQGfOZX4
RT @osullivanEcon: Major fiscal stimulus when UE is 4.1% and falling helps illustrate why politicians should not be in charge of monetary p…
Which part is less realistic: That Congress will agree on $200b, or that $200b leverages $1.5t? https://t.co/at8apFgZwh https://t.co/QkiPftXeFC
RT @damianpaletta: Colombia has shipped 200 million beautiful roses to the USA in time for Valentine's Day. I went to Bogota and found them…
ICYMI eye-opening piece by @Damian Paletta about free trade and Valentines Day roses   https://t.co/32gR7ZH9vp
RT @MarcGoldwein: Thanks to yesterday's budget deal, we're now in an era of PERMANENT TRILLION DOLLAR DEFICITS: https://t.co/zlg2yo6fXe 		A…
RT @kelsey_snell: Didn't share this yesterday amid shutdown crazy but it is a must read if you have any interest in what's happening behind…
Before adjourning McConnell filed cloture on a shell bill to start immigration debate - despite WH requests to begin with Trump framework
@mikedebonis @ahrferrier Good night numerous press gallery mice
RT @CraigCaplan: Senate would recovene later today/Friday at 11am ONLY if the House does NOT pass the budget deal-gov't funding bill before…
Hooray, part 1 of the shutdown is over!		Now onto part 2, which will occur very roughly between 3 and 5 am per the latest House whip alert
The shutdown has started, and the Senate is back in session with a prayer from Chaplain Barry Black	"Give wisdom to our lawmakers, remind them how brief their time on earth will be ..."
This will be the first government shutdown in more than two weeks
$1.5 trillion in fact. But discussing this with most Republican lawmakers is impossible, because they will insist the tax bill will more than pay for itself, despite absence of evidence 	https://t.co/i6CuNbyD74
Cornyn: "The senator from Kentucky by objecting to the unanimous consent requests will effectively shut down the federal government, for no real reason."
Guess what, Cornyn just offered a UC request to vote at 10:30pm ... But Sen Paul objected 	Then Cornyn offered a UC request for an 11pm vote ... But Sen Paul objected 	Cornyn then offered UC for 11:30pm, then  for midnight, then 12:30 am and 1am ... With same result
@StevenTDennis For this specific tweet and many other achievements, you have been named Reporter Most Likely to Inform a Senator About Something in a Bill They Were Not Aware Of
Very rough three-hour time windows should be reserved for installing cable and the like 	https://t.co/Gi40zwOpfu
RT @seungminkim: .@SenThomTillis just gave me my million dollar book idea https://t.co/I4Xmg4Lx7N
Tillis not happy with Rand. 	"You can make a point all you want but points are forgotten. There aren’t a lot of history books written about the great points of the U.S. Senate."
Tillis: "I'm a night person"
RT @WaPoSean: WH Legislative Affairs Director Marc Short says admin is bracing for the possibility of potential shutdown, perhaps spanning…
Sen Tillis: “At 1am tonight we’re going to vote on something that we could vote on right now.” #truth
But it's no go, as Sen Paul objects!	https://t.co/PszThmgNbQ
McConnell attempts to protect two Kentucky colleges in budget deal https://t.co/8kj1uTpmmU
McConnell offered a UC request; Rand Paul objected	Over in the House, things are going about equally as well 	Shutdown chances on the rise
Schumer: “We’re in risky territory here."	Says he "would plead with" Sen Paul to settle for a budget point of order, instead of an amendment vote
McConnell on the floor, re Rand Paul: "It’s his right of course to vote against the bill but I would argue that it’s time to vote."
@JakeSherman thanks Jake
Dear Colleague, You do you. Best regards, Nancy 	https://t.co/f5yj2r9i21
@seungminkim Last week, last month, last year ... Who can say these days
RT @chelseahandler: Among other things like sexual harassment or sexual assault and denying people healthcare, WaPo's Damian Paletta and Er…
Rep Cheri Bustos - moderate Dem from swing district in IL -- says she's leaning YES on caps deal because "we got a lot of what we asked for"
Asked if she's whipping against the caps deal, Pelosi says:	“I’m just telling people why I’m voting the way I am voting.”	(So, no)
Pelosi calls caps deal "a good bill"	"I'm pleased with the product, I'm not pleased with the process."	So you'll vote for it?	"No I won't"
Dems Decry Devolution https://t.co/k6DyS1Md7R
Republicans are completely reversing themselves on the deficit https://t.co/MF6GQfaA8k
Senior White House official to resign after allegations of abuse https://t.co/MgWnyxdEDo https://t.co/YJAfCKLnJz
RT @pkcapitol: She's finished.	8 hours, 7 minutes.	That's the unofficial time for @NancyPelosi #DACAbuster
RT @edatpost: Somebody buy this headline writer a beer. https://t.co/uWT3ZiHwTv
RT @edatpost: She tops a speech delivered in 1909 by then-Rep. Champ Clark (D-Mo.), who spoke for five hours and 15 minutes about a propose…
RT @byHeatherLong: Congress has a budget deal. 	It looks like this: Just spend more money on everything!	"This spending bill is a debt junk…
Pelosi: "I know we all go to church services every week, I mean that's what I hear ... "	#dacabuster
respect	https://t.co/y7c5tHOoWy
Pelosi is still talking on the floor!	She’s been #dacabustering for four and a half hours
Corker “discouraged” by caps deal. 		Unlike other R’s he’s not overjoyed by the huge defense number noting it’s more than Trump sought.
Hour two and counting for Pelosi's #dacabuster
We are now an hour into the DACA-buster 	https://t.co/Odw02k04zZ
RT @pkcapitol: "I intend to read them all," Pelosi says of Dreamer statements. And now, back to the Bible. 	The rare House filibuster goes…
Pelosi asking Ryan for a vote on immigration like the commitment given by McConnell in the Senate ... if not, she opposes caps deal
Rare House floor filibuster by Nancy Pelosi over immigration may or may not soften the blow when the caps deal passes without a fix for Dreamers
Pelosi is on the House floor filibustering over immigration - something leaders can do in the House
@StevenTDennis If I could ask any Bloomberg reporter a question it would be you and I would ask what is the point of this
Mark Meadows says he spoke to Speaker Ryan in last half-hour — as Freedom Caucus met — and was assured there’s not a caps deal
Not normally someone who talks a lot, @RepComstock spoke up today. From WH pool. https://t.co/7y2zkDoqoI
RT @rachaelmbade: .@RepComstock just went toe to toe w/ Trump when he called for a shutdown on DACA. Most House GOPers would b2 scared to d…
McConnell and Ryan would not love a shutdown and currently negotiating to avoid one. 	https://t.co/QprIkNKG2S
RT @seungminkim: A chatty John Kelly did not want to stop talking to @ericawerner @asfram and me. Photo by @jnshinkle https://t.co/8BSamzVt…
RT @pkcapitol: This is a very big deal, a very overlooked piece of this legislation. Finally forbidding member-subordinate relationship lon…
RT @edatpost: UPDATED: White House Chief of Staff: Trump wants to legalize a pool of immigrants including people ‘too lazy to get off their…
More Kelly: https://t.co/NSxto9ixxU
John Kelly describing part of Trump immigration plan: https://t.co/AG6dV7JmsN
John Kelly says that even if March 5 deadline passes w/out action from Congress, the administration will not begin deporting DACA kids. 	“They are not a priority for deportation”
Kelly also tells @seunmingkim, Alan Fram and me that Trump would not accept a short-term DACA patch from Congress. "What makes them act is pressure"
John Kelly: "I doubt very much" Trump would extend DACA past March 5 deadline		Says he's "not so sure" Trump has the authority to extend it bc it was unconstitutional to begin with
RT @LisaDNews: NOW Coming out of GOP mtg at the Capitol:		@AdamKinzinger: we are optimistic.		 @ericawerner: optimistic about what?		@AdamK…
House R’s exiting conference confident they will pass short-term CR with full-year defense 		But Senate will reject and end game unclear
@iseehawksinla How did this all end??
Great reality check on the stock market sitch via WaPo’s super-smart @byHeatherLong  https://t.co/CcyouR9GuV
House Republicans eye defense spending boost, complicating plan to avoid second shutdown https://t.co/8W5JC5R9Ne
‘There’s genuine carnage out there’: Global markets tumble, mirroring Dow decline https://t.co/R51uRiWZMq
Trump and Republicans discover the perils of touting the stock market https://t.co/4EbunPdYNp
House GOP hopes aren't high for the ultimate success of the cromnibus.		Dennis Ross: “If history is any indication they’ll probably strip it and send us back another CR, but I think we have an obligation for the defense of this country to keep doing this."
Marc Short says he doesn’t think McCain-Coons bill is going anywhere, says it’s “not sufficient”
RT @scottwongDC: It’s also Rosen-STINE people! Get it together https://t.co/2nAsVHahBe https://t.co/8RwDWGsuma
Schumer, like so many others, mispronouncing Nunes' name 		(It's Noo-nez, not Noo-nyez) #releasetheñ
Senate chaplain Barry Black looking particularly natty today https://t.co/zcP2EiRuns
RT @erin719nyc: Interesting juxtaposition here with the DJIA https://t.co/mBSsQY4HDr
Trump says Democrats were radiating "bad energy" during SOTU. Also they were "like death," "un-American" and even "treasonous"
RT @etuckerAP: Cities, states ban bump stocks after push stalls in Congress (from @AP) via @lisamariepane  https://t.co/jPhoAAwTnA
RT @LisaMascaro: Some personal news: Thrilled to be joining the AP and its amazing Capitol Hill team as congressional correspondent. And mu…
This probably isn't how the infrastructure bill (if there ever is one) ends up getting paid for, but at least they're proposing something ... https://t.co/AZeBUuBO1J
RT @khennessey: I’m so thrilled to welcome the unstoppable @LisaMascaro to AP as chief congressional correspondent. This is going to be fun.
RT @joshgerstein: Your semi-daily reminder that due to legal action and the Trump administration's response there is no March 5 deadline fo…
This was in fact the thing that most surprised me when I started at the Post in November. 	 https://t.co/Baz4ygCjlE
RT @pkcapitol: We hit the trifecta on this road trip: Cookout, Sheetz and finally @Wawa 	#almosthome https://t.co/BC8cITBNUX
RT @pkcapitol: We've never been so close to lawmakers as big news breaks - yet unable to speak with them. @ericawerner @mikedebonis @WaPoSe…
@seungminkim Ha no DeBonis is he’s a very good driver. We’re trying to figure out how to get around the caravan.
GOP House members caravaning back to DC as Nunes memo released https://t.co/drq8HCQJvZ
McCain statement torches GOP attacks on FBI https://t.co/07iFeIl6iA
The definitive deep dive on Kevin O’s deli, courtesy @GlennKesslerWP . Great piece.  https://t.co/mykdpDDZcJ
RT @mikedebonis: Mitch McConnell is starting to plan for a Senate without Thad Cochran. Big scoop from @michaelscherer @WaPoSean @jdawsey1…
RT @pkcapitol: Remember how Trump said today he only learned ANWR's significance from a phone chat with an energy industry buddy? 	Yeah, th…
Ryan strongly defends Nunes on memo. "The process is exactly what it should have been."		And McConnell says he hasn't read memo but that Ryan is handling the situation just right
Rep Adrian Smith is walking around bouncing a very cute and tiny baby as he listens to Trump’s speech
Trump says he “really didn’t care about” ANWR until he heard people had been trying to do it for decades
Trump keeps acknowledging lawmakers who don’t actually seem to be here (Don Young, Hatch, Tim Scott ..)
The scene at the Greenbrier where members of Congress are eating chicken salad as they wait to hear from Trump https://t.co/GHJwX1nJI3
Awesome recap of an insane month , via @AshleyRParker 	https://t.co/yVQqhYpuAM
Apparently the casino is closed, however 	https://t.co/wHQOwkMsGn
Inside the lavish Greenbrier where members are staying for GOP retreat - a “casino club” https://t.co/sh0tI4SQpg
Thune, chairman of Commerce Committee, was unaware of new infrastructure target until he heard it in SOTU		"I’ve heard $1 trillion and two nights ago I heard $1.5 trillion."
As always retreat gives male lawmakers rare opportunity to model their sweater collections https://t.co/QT4tg1l614
Thune says at GOP retreat that Senate Intel Cmte shud see Nunes memo before it's released. Says Burr hasn't been able to see it. 		Also says Dem memo shud be released if the GOP memo is released		And says they need to pay attention to what the FBI is saying
Thune: "If we can solve daca and border security that may be the best we can hope for."
Pence urging GOP members to "tell the story" of the administration's successes; predicts they'll buck "conventional wisdom" and keep majorities in midterms
RT @pkcapitol: A riveting account of the GOP train crash outside Charlottesville, as reported by @edatpost from WaPo newsroom &amp; @mikedeboni…
Senate Sergeant at Arms Frank Larkin says train incident appears to be “unfortunate accident” w/out criminal intent
Members train now arriving back in Charlottesville where buses await https://t.co/JvdcSsrTrX
The Amtrak train with members is now being pulled backwards
Rep Massie who is on train says the part of the truck they can see is decimated. “Very relieves when the train came to a stop”
RT @WPJohnWagner: GOP senators urge Trump to stay in NAFTA, via @ericawerner @davidjlynch https://t.co/Z9yoEFZpq4
McConnell says Trump went “far further than anyone anticipated” in offering a path to citizenship for Dreamers
Too generous for many House Republicans; not generous enough for Democrats 	https://t.co/y38ttOuyZI
Hoyer on the No 2s immigration group: “I wouldn’t say we’re making progress."
Meadows estimates Goodlatte bill has about 200 votes
RT @LizSly: Today Post journalists are standing in solidarity with the Wapo Guild in support of gender equality, longer maternity leave, pe…
As Trump prepares to unveil State of the Union, Congress struggles to do its job https://t.co/n7A6nGwJTk https://t.co/jXDD68xmqM
Per several House GOP members, immigration discussion in conference this am revealed significant opposition to White House framework
Ryan’s message to GOP members this am on SOTU: Be in your seats by 8:20 and don’t be on your phone. 		Per Rep Collins
Last week he said they were “history” which staff quickly tried to walk back 	https://t.co/ONdxbjq8ZC
Coons says he's been told by R colleagues that a narrow deal pairing DACA with border security is "a stone cold loser" with the GOP
McCaskill on status of immigration talks: “It’s now a swirl and I don’t think anybody’s supposed to be keeping it straight, but it will come together."
Casey, Manchin and Donnelly are the D yes votes; Collins and Murkowski R nos (three absent)	https://t.co/R3wcF6MS5O
NAFTA talks that were supposed to end last year might continue into 2019 https://t.co/y26Nb6JXEx https://t.co/kvu0gMOZIA
The Senate has adjourned thank god
For anyone wondering, Cornyn has 4,662 steps in today and also got in 360 calories on the cycle this am
Cornyn: “The Twos are history”
Could not be happier to welcome @seungminkim, a great friend and now also a colleague. Yay!
RT @byHeatherLong: Lots of headlines flying around about Treasury Secretary #Mnuchin wanting a weak dollar. I was at that press conference.…
RT @DPAQreport: OH in Davos (I swear to you):	"Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, GENTLEMEN. All I care about is money."
During vote Schumer overheard saying to Moran, re Brownback: “Cmon this guy screwed up your state.”	https://t.co/gIjScf9D1c
RT @edatpost: Don’t know if he’s a “favorite,” but he’s certainly an easy quote. https://t.co/TcstBYIltU
GOP lawmakers condemn Trump’s tariff decision https://t.co/uyJ8de1Q2O https://t.co/SNtpAiqWyw
RT @lindsemcpherson: Trump tells small group of White House reporters that he wants any immigration bill to include a "fund" with $25 billi…
Sen Risch: "What kind of a story are you writing? What a bad guy Trump is because he’s doing tariff decisions?"	https://t.co/M82oJEA2wG
Corker says Trump "has done an incredible job of rallying the animal spirits in our country"	https://t.co/85d3vXameE
Corker in Davos praising Trump; his absence causes nail-biter vote in Senate on Trump nom 	https://t.co/85d3vXameE
@burgessev Very on-point questions from Sen Brown did you answer any of them?
McCain is out and Corker is in Davos (apparently the only senator there)	https://t.co/X2rUttXaBv
Collins anticipates a variety of immigration bills on the Senate floor, “Unless by some miracle there’s a consensus reached before Feb 8.”
@kelsey_snell Stay strong Kelsey we’re all rooting for you
Schumer: “We’re going to have to start on a new basis and the wall offer is off the table.”
Great column by @pkcapitol: New normal in Congress is governing-by-deadline https://t.co/J0UuV2Cwm2
Durbin claims “significant, positive” progress on behalf of Dreamers
RT @BrookeLorenz: ‘It’s the economy, stupid’: GOP prepares to sell tax law as its 2018 survival strategy https://t.co/M2rddAsAIH @michaelsc…
RT @peterwallsten: Why the Democrats lost their nerve in the shutdown battle https://t.co/LtdpHm0mey @costareports @ericawerner @ktumulty
RT @costareports: My latest w/ @ericawerner @ktumulty  https://t.co/zi5OmTTEk6
At least it’s always beautiful on the outside https://t.co/Cfoi45j0IZ
Manchin says they started out using a "talking stick" in the mod squad meetings in Collins' office but switched to a basketball bc it was easier to toss back and forth
Sherrod Brown's response to activists saying D's caved:		“Democrats aren’t caving. I would never do that. So I don’t think that at all. They’re going to say whatever they’re going to say.”
How they voted: 	https://t.co/u00Faetnwd
RT @HouseInSession: Gutierrez on Senate Dems: "They caved. They blinked. That's what they do."
Senate Dems saying DACA will pass with big, bipartisan vote putting pressure on the House on popular issue		Same argument on 2013 immigration bill and that went nowhere
Immigrant activists not liking this https://t.co/31IJWCPswu
Even if a DACA bill passes the Senate how does it pass the House?
Schumer: “The Republican majority now has 17 days to keep the Dreamers from being deported.”
Schumer: We will vote to reopen the government and there will be a debate and vote on DACA. Says he’s confident DACA bill gets 60 votes.
We now await Democrats’ spin about how this isn’t a cave
Senate Democrats exit meeting sounding positive. 	Nelson: “You’ll see a resounding yes.”
Cornyn: Noon vote is ON	And if it fails? 	“I think you’d have to ask Sen Schumer that. I don’t know what else they can reasonably ask for.”
McConnell sounded 	Like there was a deal but no 	Maybe tomorrow 		(shutdown haiku)
RT @jdawsey1: Live on the Senate floor, a shutdown drama of personalities and power. Great read from @ericawerner, @pkcapitol, @edatpost an…
Cornyn was overheard to say “Mm-hm, mm-hm, yeah.” (True)	https://t.co/9TiB48ExPd
The shutdown fashion story we've all been waiting for! Thank you @kristinapet @ByronTau @siobhanehughes @nataliewsj 	https://t.co/8RuNTcBUMu
Cornyn says he expects the government will still be shut down tomorrow
Updates:		Mitch McConnell asks reporters score of football game 		Lindsey Graham walks by to go to bathroom
@kelsey_snell I agree but please suggest some other word (word -- not phrase) that we can call them
Publicly it's all blame game again today with McConnell, Schumer 	Privately senators meeting to try to get solution
Senate opens with prayer for senators from Chaplain Barry Black. 		"Give them the wisdom to remember that those who sow to the wind often reap the whirlwind."
Thune shoots down Trump call to nuke filibuster, says shouldn't be necessary and wouldn't pass
Thune says he expects the moderate senators group to present proposal to Schumer, McConnell later today to reopen government
Burgess is in the building, tracking Schumer's movements naturally 	https://t.co/SF3TIAWPVZ
‘Negotiating with Jell-O’: How Trump’s shifting positions fueled the rush to a shutdown https://t.co/S8xVYFyGsO
Flake says expects agreement tomorrow (Saturday) on CR to Feb 8 - and vote on the bipartisan DACA bill. Says has that commitment from McConnell.
WH stmt slams "obstructionist losers" and "Schumer shutdown" and says no immigration negotiations til government re-opens
Amid various subplots unfolding on the Senate floor, a disheveled Dana Rohrabacher is wandering around and just spent some time in the Democrats' cloakroom
Graham just speed walked through the Ohio Clock Corridor and into Schumer’s office
A few dozen Dreamers in the Senate gallery so far; Capitol Police lining up outside with plastic cuffs
Cloture vote at 10pm, McConnell announces
Cornyn: Shutdown avoided “If Sen Schumer takes the president’s advice and talks to Speaker Ryan and Sen McConnell and works something out.”
Pelosi displays Trump “good shutdown” tweet at newser https://t.co/sZSDjeY3A2
RT @jdawsey1: And anything could happen. https://t.co/bqSQ2pl96Z
RT @DonnaCassata: More blame Republicans than Democrats for potential government shutdown, Post-ABC poll finds https://t.co/6I5pAAsTyH
One casualty of a shutdown, if there is one: Kevin McCarthy will not go to Davos, per spox		No word yet on Meadows who’s also skedded to go
McConnell’s response just now to reporters asking whether there will be a shutdown and will he negotiate with Dems: “Good morning everyone.”
Paul Ryan on Fox News Channel: "We’re going to call them on it ... This is nothing more than legislative hostage-taking."
Short-term budget would give Trump authority to change intel spending, lawmakers say https://t.co/0bUMU7SeUN
RT @edatpost: The partial government shutdown has been months, if not years, in the making. A tough but fair analysis by @damianpaletta and…
House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows announces support for CR as @frankthorp films https://t.co/nHuvdUclKx
Freedom Caucus meeting now to weigh deal Ryan presented to Meadows. 	All signs point to them getting to YES. 	Senate is another question.
Sen Rounds asked on Trump tweets, "I'm sorry which tweet are you talking about?"		(A response not infrequently heard to such questions)
RT @kristinapet: Meadows on the CR negotiations: "I don’t get squeezed. I squeeze others."
RT @edatpost: This is becoming a notable habit for the senior senator from California. https://t.co/lA7i53vghW
Warner and Kaine NO on CR. 	Passage is becoming a mathematical impossibility as @edatpost points out
Ryan: "I've spoken with the president, he fully supports passing what we're bringing to the floor today."
Schumer: "The president is like a sphinx."
It's starting to sound like a shutdown	Schumer on House CR: "It doesn't look good ... We're going to have to go in a different direction."
McConnell references comments from Dem Sens. Casey, Jones, Brown, King, Merkley in support of CHIP, questions "why they would turn their backs on these children and shut down the government while they’re at it"
McConnell calling on Congress to "pass a noncontroversial bipartisan bill to fund the government ... Or democrats can force a crisis over the entirely unrelated issue of illegal immigration"
Trump's CHIP tweet being interpreted by some GOP aides as him attempting to be helpful
A wtf day begins 	https://t.co/6Y8DDLodPx
Great @edatpost scoop	https://t.co/uNbOajx18d
Per source in Senate GOP lunch, Graham-Durbin had a handful of supporters but it was clear the “vast majority” are opposed
Graham says he just told leadership he’s a NO on the CR
RT @alexanderbolton: Sen. Klobuchar (D-Minn.) showing off the King cake she won from Sen. Kennedy (R-La.) after Vikings miracle win over Ne…
Numerous Senate D’s ducking questions on CR by saying they haven’t seen the deets 	(it’s been online since last evening)
Graham, in search of support for DACA deal, buttonholes RonJohn outside lunch https://t.co/PI7xex3kWe
“Doesn’t sound too bad” DiFi says when House CR is described. 	Informed there’s no DACA fix: “Ohhh. ... We need to get that DACA bill done.”
Hatch is on the floor wearing his invisible glasses
@seungminkim @burgessev @alexanderbolton Is Jeff Flake aware of Burgess' attacks on the media
But CNN is airing it live so that's what matters
Flake is delivering his speech against Trump fake news attacks to a nearly empty chamber.	Only one senator - Durbin - and fewer than half-a-dozen reporters are present.
MacArthur says he stood up in conference to say “we need to realize we’re not the only ones playing chess” - meaning what will Schumer do
Great look at earmarks - and powerful arguments for them - via @mikedebonis and @eliseviebeck 	https://t.co/kPiWFxWrMf
Rep Connolly (D-Va) on WJLA saying he’d prefer not to vote for a spending bill w/out DACA -but if his vote is decisive he’ll keep govt open
@MEPFuller C	R u 	Obsessed 	Matt Fuller 	N	I	B	Ur obsessed 	S
@frankthorp (Whatever it is)
@frankthorp Yeah that’s not in the CR
Mark Sanford’s notes on the CR deal presented by leadership to keep govt open https://t.co/N11lWBi2Fq
Graham and Durbin negotiated a deal that neither House R’s or D’s support 	https://t.co/I10aWMR95v
It’s true I saw him walk by carrying a Tupperware   	https://t.co/hG27WBjAMU
Hoyer pressed on whether Trump is a racist: “If what you do is racist you certainly qualify for being a racist.”
Amen to that 	https://t.co/lRok8NEwuX
RT @edatpost: GRAHAM: "Tuesday we had a president that I was proud to golf with, call my friend, who understood immigration had to be bipar…
Graham: "This has turned into an S-show"
Graham: "If the president's watching, I'm still in the phone book, don't give out my number but call me."
Graham: "Do you understand leverage?"	Nielsen: "Yes sir."
Durbin to Nielsen: “Do you remember the president saying he wanted $20 billion now and he would build that wall within 1 year?”
Nielsen to Durbin: “I don’t specifically remember a categorization of countries in Africa … there was a lot of rough talk” by various people in the room
ICYMI, great story by @davidjlynch and @damianpaletta from last week on Trump and trade 	https://t.co/fpYxcZupZF
Kevin McCarthy relishes role as Trump’s fixer, friend and candy man https://t.co/SmdrpbrFDP https://t.co/lM1tJqRXiZ
Inside the tense, profane White House meeting on immigration https://t.co/ssFIn13OIp https://t.co/aqnp2sVS0v
Shutdown looms as Republicans seek short-term spending deal for government https://t.co/BBMehM3cPf https://t.co/mcJU3azcP5
@medevam Thank you! My parents got it for me from the Huntington Museum (Pasadena, ca) gift shop but not sure if it’s still available ...
RT @pkcapitol: Key, underlying message in this @ericawerner piece: Time for CNN to break out the old Shutdown Countdown Clock. This is goin…
Interesting comments from House Chief Deputy Whip Patrick McHenry (R-NC), in intvu: https://t.co/4PkBwq0fYq
Helpful, thanks Manu!	https://t.co/g4vA4FKZzg
From the Post and Courier https://t.co/gL6xo9fIhW
Ryan says lack of "bipartisan consensus" prevents tackling entitlement reform and deficit and debt 	(Tax bill is adding $1.5 trillion to debt)
Ryan calls entitlement reform (specifically Medicare, SS) "a wishlist of mine but I don’t see us tackling it this year."
Lindsey Graham has not been heard from on shithole-gate.	Yesterday he refused to engage and was uncharacteristically snappish as I tried to talk to him shortly before @jdawsey1 scoop posted
"We just have to get it done" Ryan says on DACA after condemning Trump comments as "unfortunate, unhelpful"
Actually McCarthy pulled out his phone and Nunes read out the tweet
Cornyn says that a small “subgroup” of six senators can’t make a deal that binds everyone else
Just like last time there was an immigration “deal” (w Trump, Chuck, Nancy), word of such immediately followed by denials and backtracking
Tom Cotton, who just returned from immigration meeting w Trump: “Of course there’s no deal.”
WH leg director Marc Short pouring cold water on immigration “deal.”		Says WH hasn’t signed off on anything and there’s a long way to go.
Thune on Trump’s FISA tweets: “He says what comes into his mind and most of us have adapted to that.”
Per GOP source Trump and Ryan spoke at length between first FISA tweet and second ... potus initiated call
RT @rachaelmbade: Sounds like it was Nunes who read Trump's second tweet in conference. McCarthy pulled it up on his phone and handed it to…
Trumps first tweet on FISA caused consternation in GOP conference this am ... until Kevin McCarthy stood up and read the second one
Via @damianpaletta- Trump administration opts for speed over accuracy in implementing new tax law https://t.co/iUj7iwOwiw
RT @damianpaletta: GOP leaders smash idea of raising the gas tax after Trump had privately floated a 50-cent-per-gallon levy. https://t.co/…
@markzbarabak @Schwarzenegger He'll always be the Father of the Recall, and they can't take that away from him
DiFi getting a Trump nickname can only help her in her primary, needless to say  	https://t.co/KDXT0AzyBY
RT @edatpost: INBOX: Part of Rep. @DarrellIssa's statement announcing his retirement: https://t.co/sKP8Jqb4M9
NEVER FORGET (the part where Issa cries is toward the end) 	https://t.co/rUYKBlp1QC
Marble Bust Mustache Face-Off outside Schumer ofc 		(Garret Hobart v TR - Hobart was 24th VP but you knew that) https://t.co/fIhN3LexlK
RT @AmyEGardner: With ‘dreamers’ in the balance, Democrats ponder whether to force a shutdown, via @mikedebonis, @ericawerner &amp; @edatpost h…
Per admin's infrastructure briefing with senators today, the plan will be announced before or after SOTU. 	Pay-fors, if they exist, were not discussed.
House Rules Cmte announces hearings next week on earmarks in light of Trump’s support
Schumer insisting that DACA needs to be in Jan 19 spending bill 	But won’t say if Dems will vote NO if it’s not
Durbin says Dems tried to emphasize importance of Jan 19 deadline for DACA. 	But Perdue dismisses that and says Trump was clear it’s March 5
Durbin says main thing accomplished was to agree on limiting talks to 4 issues: DACA, border, chain migration, visa lottery
Durbin emphatically agrees with Trump’s call to bring back earmarks. 	“Yes. It worked!”
Durbin says his “head is spinning” over all the different things said at White House immigration meeting
RT @jdawsey1: Just because he says it or agrees to t doesn't mean he will say something totally different later or keep the agreement. Just…
RT @jackiekcalmes: You could've predicted this angry reax from Trump's anti-immig allies. It's why--as after his tentative Sept deal w/Pelo…
"I think we should go right to it, I really do." (after DACA)		Trump on comprehensive immigration reform.
O.M.G.	Trump encourages Congress to tackle comprehensive immigration reform and bring back earmarks.
Trump just issued a full-throated endorsement of earmarks. 	Just wild.
This should be helpful to Pelosi who yesterday had to be reminded the title of the book and said she was too busy reading Leonardo daVinci	https://t.co/6924NbrJtE
Pelosi declines to say whether Oprah should run for president. 		But, "I will say this, Oprah has read books. She knows how to identify talent."
On Tom Steyer's spending plans to flip the House, Pelosi remarks that she never tells people what she's spending. Let them find out.
Pelosi refuses to refer to Trump by name, calling him only "45"
Pelosi dismissive of tomorrow White House DACA mtg, saying some of most knowledgeable not invited including CHC chair.	Says they were told there might be a space issue.
Whoa if true , from 'This Week' transcript of Bernie Sanders https://t.co/4eiT4Kf9QO
RT @mikedebonis: In next round of budget talks, ‘dreamers’ are set to dominate --	 w/ @edatpost, @ericawerner https://t.co/VAawyZ26Kv
Smart piece by @pkcapitol on what congressional Republicans will be getting up to this year  https://t.co/7zhBWMYHTA
RT @NickMiroff: Big, beautiful and $18 billion: the Trump admin has priced out its border wall for the first time, and it’s just a down pay…
"Unless it’s below zero, I really don’t wear a winter coat." Or drink hot coffee presumably. 	https://t.co/dVQMqHaJnC
ICYMI, @damianpaletta on fascinating move by California to circumvent the new tax law: 	https://t.co/MhmyJqkLzd
RT @costareports: This Friday's @WashingtonWeek will be terrific. Our guests: Bannon expert @JoshuaGreen, WH chief @peterbakernyt, the inim…
Sen Blunt says he expressed opposition to exiting NAFTA at Trump meeting today. 	But Trump still considering doing so.
Cornyn says Trump to convene bipartisan meeting next week on DACA
Also, Sen Cotton (or someone) has really gotten to Trump on the issue of chain migration which he now talks about all the time	https://t.co/c46CD57PCU
According to Trump, under the visa lottery system "they" "put their worst people in the hopper" -- not how it works
@seungminkim All I know is I'm even more confused than usual. 	And it's only Wednesday. (Unless it's not)
After a tough week of work that began and ended this afternoon 	(People are worried about the cyclone bomb, in fairness) 	https://t.co/2iCUhlelTE
Cornyn says Judiciary R’s meeting w Trump tmrw on DACA.	“As soon as the president will tell us ‘OK this is something I can support’ then that gives us I think a lot of room to go talk to Democrats and say ‘OK this is what our parameters are.’”
McConnell told leaders Big Four meeting was “surprisingly good”, per Cornyn 	Told us to ask McConnell why that was surprising
Capitol Hill Press Corps Kicks Off 2018 with Pointless Two-Hour Stakeout
A statement to warm Mitch McConnell's heart 	https://t.co/o9cwg8lUeS
McConnell's stance ahead of this aft meeting on spending, etc..: 	Set aside "arbitrary notion" of parity between defense, non-defense spending (which D's are insisting on)
WaPo's @byHeatherLong looks at America's 20 largest companies &amp; the tax bill. 	"Not a single company has said it will raise wages"  https://t.co/lnr1TTQfEU
Somewhere in between round-robin media interviews and keeping the government open ... 	https://t.co/lvTHhUmFL9
RT @edatpost: NEW TONIGHT with @WPJohnWagner &amp; @pkcapitol...  https://t.co/x2SyJWqQcl
Trump says he doesn’t think he’s going to have to travel much to sell the tax plan. 	“It’s selling itself.”
Trump: "Rob Portman worked so hard, so knowledgeable on the subject."
Trump praises Hatch for his "Absolutely brilliant, beautiful speech and we appreciated, I appreciated it."
Trump: “Mitch McConnell has been fantastic … we would speak at 3 in the morning, 2 in the morning.”
Trump is insisting he's not getting credit for all the "legislative approvals" he has
In closing McConnell asked if he can recommend a good bourbon for Christmas. 		“It’s all really good. It makes the holidays so much better.”
McConnell asked if he personally supports a path to citizenship for Dreamers -- doesn’t directly answer. But says “I’m pretty supportive of legal immigration ...The Secretary of Transportation came here at age 8 not speaking a word of English” (ie his wife)
McConnell asked re Bannon’s role in Doug Jones’ win: “The political genius on display throwing away a seat in the reddest state in America is hard to ignore.”
"I'm warming up to the tweets actually" McConnell says re Trump
McConnell says they will enter new year with a "high level of confidence in our ability to work with the administration"
McConnell reiterates hopes for bipartisan action in 2018, including on DACA
McConnell says tax demands letter from Dem sens after Aug recess killed any hopes for bipartisan bill. 		But back in February he declared health, taxes would be "Republicans-only exercise"
RT @edatpost: .@RepGutierrez unloaded on @SenSchumer, accusing him and Democratic senators of throwing dreamers “under the bus.”		In respon…
@seungminkim He's done!
House R’s applauded passage - which angered Rep Tom Rooney (R-Fla) who voted “no” and said applauding a 3-week CR is “bullshit”
RT @kristinapet: Last House vote series of the day, week, month &amp; year!
@APAndrewTaylor Another good one
Rep Flores says disaster supp has been worked out to satisfaction of Texans and Floridians
Just experienced my first walk-and-talk gaggle with Scalise in his scooter, which @rachaelmbade and I found quite challenging. He is speedy!
House GOP leaders saying they have the votes for CR and disaster supp and will vote them out this afternoon and leave
Have you used your annual “Congress struggles to do bare minimum” lede yet @APAndrewTaylor ?
House leaders whipping CR to Jan 19 w FISA extension, defense "anomalies" which leaders told members Mattis wanted ... Separate vote on disaster aid.
"Exquisite presidential leadership," per Paul Ryan
Now we’re just waiting for the House to jam the Senate with a clean CR so we can all go home. 	Happy Holidays!!
RT @Goldfarb: How the Republicans pulled off the biggest tax overhaul in 30 years https://t.co/bRLtz1TNIc		@mikedebonis @ericawerner
And the technical corrections package! Which Dems won't vote for.	https://t.co/HEn5PY4Dpc
Leader McCarthy tells us he does NOT expect House to vote on Alexander-Murray this year
Pelosi on tax bill: "If they think this bill is a good political argument for them, let them think that."
RT @scottwongDC: Nadler wins top Dem spot on Judiciary https://t.co/zqlNktSDAz
Pelosi offers GOP some advice on spending bill: "Probably a minimalist approach might be better for them. But I don't give them advice."
Schumer chides R's for talking during his floor speech. "This is serious stuff. We believe you're messing up America. Pay attention for a couple of minutes."
@seungminkim @RichardRubinDC @mikedebonis chaired by an influence-less chairman
Capitol Police are forming up outside Senate chamber spectator gallery, ready for protests ahead of tax vote
The Dow is down on the news, for whatever reason
227-203
Final passage on $1.5 trillion tax bill happening now in the House		Protesters chanting in gallery
McConnell: "The facts are not irrelevant."
McConnell took only two questions at the mics
McConnell says Senate will vote on tax bill "later this evening"
Conf report more progressive than House, Senate bills - but more regressive than current law. Via @JStein_Wonkblog   https://t.co/9z9PECyME6
RT @pkcapitol: It was a slow Friday for @ericawerner - She's only dominating a third of the Saturday A1 WaPo. https://t.co/rWEOPoHJnB
RT @DanEggenWPost: Sen. Susan Collins takes huge leap of faith with tax bill. Critics say she’s getting played, by @ericawerner  https://t.…
Go on ... 	https://t.co/cILt5OWon0
RT @damianpaletta: BREAKING: Republicans expand Child Tax Credit from $1,100 to $1,400 for many families in bid to win over Rubio. https://…
Refundable portion of child tax credit increased from $1,100 to $1,400 per Kristi Noem 	Re Rubio: “I believe that we’re in a good spot”
Brady says the bill is done but won’t say if Rubio is on board
RT @damianpaletta: MORE BREAKING: Rubio is now a NO on the tax bill unless Child Tax Credit is expanded. Lee is now an undecided. Hatch con…
RT @damianpaletta: More major tax news coming. Stay tuned...
NEWS: GOP considers letting tax cuts for families expire sooner https://t.co/MvNG3CRg3n
Per Cornyn no decision yet on whether House or Senate votes first on taxes. 	But McCain will be present, Cornyn assures. "He's just resting up."
@kelsey_snell I'm sorry I missed your initial poll. My cats growing up often drank Christmas/Hanukkah tree water and suffered no ill effects. Hope that helps!!
Despite Trump’s ire, Ireland expects to avoid any pain from U.S. tax overhaul https://t.co/iXtCzVZZCH
Unruly white hair watch, Sander(s) edition 		(Side-by-side courtesy of tax conference committee) https://t.co/ZVgttqFOoZ
Tax conf committee mtg begins with Rep Neal trying to offer a motion to delay until Sen Jones can be seated, which Brady rules out of order
RT @APAndrewTaylor: Chuck Schumer dredges up old McConnell quotes on Obamacare to urge him to slow down on taxes https://t.co/NSrrXoxuQS
RT @damianpaletta: Does Doug Jones win impact tax vote?	Republicans say it changes nothing.	Democrats say it changes everything.
RT @damianpaletta: GOP in advanced talks to:	Lower top individual income bracket to 37%	Lower corporate rate to 21% (unclear when it kicks…
“What we’re in charge of here is the Senate,” McConnell says when asked if harassment allegations against Trump should be investigated
Thune says if Roy Moore wins he will be seated, but after that “it’s anybody’s guess.”
It’s all a reaction to flag-throwing incident when Trump was here yet has carried over to Pence’s routine visits	https://t.co/7n9L92ivKo
RT @damianpaletta: GOP negotiators in advanced talks to move corporate rate to 21% as they hope to strike final deal today. https://t.co/I2…
In absence of GOP hearings on tax bill, Dems holding one of their own with witnesses including Mnuchin* 	(*invited) https://t.co/llEGoMTwx9
Cornyn on the floor criticizing Pelosi for calling the tax bill "armageddon" among other things.	"Really buffoonish allegations" he says.
And with me!!! Hurray and congrats. Can't wait. 	https://t.co/uxkUKA3Dhs
Per Thune tax deal could come later today or tmrw, @damianpaletta and I report:	https://t.co/NB2BlZRXA4
RT @JStein_Wonkblog: Big and important scoop from @caitlindewey on potential changes to American food stamps	https://t.co/ZKyK6G1n5m
Trump administration explains details of how tax plan would pay for itself, immediately gets attacked for assumpti… https://t.co/k302sw6BsN
Seeing this belatedly, but interesting to see No. 2 Senate R tweet a piece that attacks Mueller --&gt;	https://t.co/ziUj5Jb7J9
RT @edatpost: “This is a rush without a reason other than the political desire for a Rose Garden signing ceremony.” Terrific @ericawerner r…
Very interesting story —&gt;	https://t.co/4Y8YI04lf6
What kind of problems @marcorubio ?	https://t.co/sbQpfy9Shd
@LFFriedman Just livin’ my best life ..
RT @Goldfarb: Scoop from @damianpaletta &amp; @jdawsey1:	Trump's ultra rich NY friends are pressuring him to make the tax cut better for them	h…
RT @RalstonReports: Kind of an odd resignation speech:	I have promoted women's issues.	The allegations are not true.	I'm leaving.	Trump and…
"We will miss him greatly" McConnell says after Sen Strange concludes farewell address.	Indeed...
In farewell address Sen Strange is bemoaning divisions, delivering plea for pragmatism ...
Not sure what this is about --&gt;	https://t.co/JFOonsaKXn
Pelosi yesterday had a holiday party for D members, handed out boxes of candy w handwritten notes to all 190&lt; of them.	It's the little things ...
Leadership seems confident CR to Dec 22 passes today in House. 		No apparent wins for Freedom Caucus - but they did get some attention.
GOP leaders consider shrinking size of planned corporate tax cut, sources say https://t.co/YqIXrvFaAN
RT @damianpaletta: TAX NEWS: GOP leaders considering 22% corporate tax rate as deadlines near and they face pressure over SALT state millio…
Ryan says Republicans to target welfare, Medicare, Medicaid spending in 2018 https://t.co/f8PWXT5KnW
McConnell sounding a bit like he's trying to show Hatch the door in this Hugh Hewitt interview https://t.co/8FS8L7Rrbx
Trump: "I cannot wait to sign these giant tax cuts."
Trump just now saying GDP could reach "4, 5 and even 6 percent"	https://t.co/elrqJhc3f0
Trump on gov't shutdown --&gt; https://t.co/ntNOFdncd2
@APAndrewTaylor Depends who you ask
GOP betting tax bill will boost economy before 2018, 2020 elections https://t.co/KxuQ2ErUDa
GOP tax-cut proponents promise 3-4% growth. This economic milestone shows that’s nearly impossible. https://t.co/5lUbIeOaWt
Freedom Caucus leaders exit Ryan’s ofc saying no deal yet to keep govt open. 	They will take night off to attend WH Xmas party, meet in am.
@MEPFuller Have you not seen the signs posted in the senate press gallery? They are truly disturbing.
RT @HouseInSession: Unacceptable: As Hatch walked with scrum of reporters while Pence was also moving,  Capitol hallway was suddenly closed…
RT @HouseInSession: Senate sergeant at arms, Capitol Police, VP's office promised to work cooperatively in future with press gallery on rep…
@brynstole By my dear friend @erikabolstad , sadly no longer of DC
Shelby said Trump support of Moore not unexpected &amp; no one at the RNC consulted him (Shelby)... 	New space restrictions on journalists, in place for Pence arrival, prevented further folo-ups
GOP Rep Mark Sanford voted for the tax bill but believes it’s being misleadingly sold to the public as a middle-class tax cut when it’s not https://t.co/R37VrOUJVz
Pete Sessions less than 2 hours ago: "I fully anticipate that's what I'll be doing today at 2 o'clock ... We're going to meet, I'm going to be there, hope you will be too."	https://t.co/niMdyZxMU0
RT @TJTatum: Ladies and gentlemen, make way for your new dean of the United States House of Representatives https://t.co/oheZEv1nKa
Among other things the new Dean of the House (ie longest-serving member, following Conyers' retirement) is known for his office decor	https://t.co/fne1BHOA2z
RT @mikedebonis: @RepDaveBrat Gotta respect, though, @RepDaveBrat's unwavering commitment to brown suits. Bold style for a bold man.
Someone turned out the lights during Dave Brat’s impromptu newser at the leadership podium but mystery surrounds who it was
Brat told us that as a professor he likes podiums, asked whether it would violate the rules, and proceeded to gaggle https://t.co/Zawn9fKud6
Dave Brat has taken over the podium following leadership presser and is explaining why dec 30 is better. “It’s called chaos theory.” https://t.co/5W7KkHPJdW
GOP Rep Amodei says it “feels like a really nasty Groundhog Day right now” as House barrels toward shutdown deadline w/out 218 on anything
Is the GOP tax plan an unprecedented windfall for the wealthy? We look at 50 years of data to find out. https://t.co/dWSVaAnv8A
HFC wants a CR to Dec 30 bc they think a Dec 22 CR will get larded up so members can flee for Xmas. 	Almost took down tax vote over this.
Pelosi disputes claim by @APAndrewTaylor that tax bill is not the end of the world. “No it is the end of the world ... this is Armageddon.”
How an unequal tax cut grew more unequal https://t.co/aeMZ0WbxdO
Tax bill passes 51-49. Pence presiding and announces the vote.
FINAL PASSAGE vote underway on GOP tax bill in Senate
Surprise -- it passed! Four R's joined D's -- Fischer, Collins, Murkowski, Kennedy	https://t.co/dE9gvAGZvt
Senate now voting on Merkley amendment to eliminate this Hillsdale provision (amdt presumably will fail)	https://t.co/JNED8AHUES
@RalstonReports Thanks jon
And then changed his vote	https://t.co/2T9QsqLR5C
Heller just changed his vote from no to yes on the Rubio child tax credit amendment. He is after all up for re-election.
You say all this like there is something wrong with it	https://t.co/MfW8U9UMe0
Yikes. Kihuen was a major Harry Reid protege, got to Congress largely thanks to Reid's machine and seemed like a rising star	https://t.co/zMSyYZMtXN
Corker: https://t.co/ygsuzjjEQM
Corker is a NO	(But they still have the votes)
Here's Sen Flake describing what the administration agreed to on DACA to get his vote on taxes (not much) https://t.co/MC6z0aM50C
Sen. Lankford says there is nothing in the bill to address deficit concerns, but here's why he's voting for it anyway: https://t.co/duE36EJI9d
RT @ToryNewmyer: Hatch says he thinks they’ll have 52 votes.
Q to Hatch: Did you do anything to accommodate Corker?	A: “Not that I can recall.”	(h/t @ToryNewmyer)
Siren. 	Flake “yes.”	They have the votes. Corker getting rolled.
Behind this door the tax bill will live or die as Senate R’s meet https://t.co/EYGSVVooFq
Heading into Senate R mtg Corker was asked if he retains any leverage given leadership claims they’re at 50. 	“Not really” he says.
Cornyn just said they have the votes and are at 50.
Heading in to meet with Senate R’s, White House leg director Marc Short says they’re “cautiously optimistic” they have the votes
Hatch just now, asked if they have the votes: “I think so”
Cornyn didn’t answer as we yelled whether Collins was locked in 	https://t.co/SIrZnGADNG
Heading into McConnell’s ofc just now Cornyn said they’re “working hard to get the last 2 members we think we need to get” -Corker &amp; Flake
Johnson YES ... How much leverage will Corker have?
As the day begins no deal yet to save   tax bill. More Senate drama ahead.
Thom Tillis sums up status of Senate tax talks: "Right now there are a lot of plates spinning, some of which i can see."	Until tomorrow ..
Sen. Pat Roberts, for one, was not impressed by Corker's floor drama https://t.co/Eofe3Tykwd
Corker confirms the parl ruled against his trigger “so they’re just going to automatically put it in period” (a tax hike presumably)
While railing against tax bill Sherrod Brown remarks upon the Senate Finance Committee, "Where people are not as quick as you might think they are"
Hatch says he wishes Sen Brown would "be a little more concerned about everybody else" 	Complains about "snits" that "don't amount to a  hill of beans"
“We’re certainly optimistic” McConnell says asked if he has the votes for final passage
President Trump says the tax bill will ‘cost me a fortune.’ That’s false. https://t.co/WXBrW7dYig
Peak RonJohn	https://t.co/VvcfNRXlUD
@seungminkim Look at you tweeting about an unofficial vote before it's official
Corker "aye" ... Looks like this will be a party-line vote
And Johnson votes yes on motion to proceed to tax bill
The Motion to Proceed vote is under way on the tax bill in the Senate
In a blow to (reporters covering) the tax bill, the Senate Refectory is out of gummy candies because an expected shipment did not arrive
Lengthy RonJohn walk-and-talk gaggle took us by this man outside Dirksen. RonJohn not saying how he’ll vote on motion to proceed. https://t.co/fSgitFrVQ6
RT @pkcapitol: She only moved about 10-12 feet across Senate press gallery but this @ericawerner piece on RonJohn is why we're so lucky to…
@stephgracela Nope! Not at all
Nonetheless “I’m willing to listen” Kennedy says   	https://t.co/Un7e9SKRR0
Sen Kennedy takes piece of gum out of mouth and puts in pocket before telling scrum he’d “rather drink weed killer” than support triggers
Alexander encouraged by Trump support for Alexander-Murray and an interim fix - adding “which is what he said when he called me 6 weeks ago”
@juliemason Pelosi always has chocolate and is a lovely hostess
Last time Trump visited GOP lunch he was pelted w mini Russian flags, shouts of “treason”. Security tighter today. 	https://t.co/veUiQawMer
Asked if he’s going to seal the deal on taxes Trump doesn’t respond but gives wave and thumbs up ... now in McConnells office
Not exactly prime viewing but at least I can see @dougmillsnyt ‘s head https://t.co/5976OzDjfy
RT @byHeatherLong: Just in: JCT is trying to rush a dynamic score of the Senate tax bill by WEDNESDAY NIGHT. This could be a game changer i…
RT @damianpaletta: There has NEVER been a government shutdown when one party controlled the White House, House, and Senate. There were budg…
Yet still, as Bill Clinton said in ‘95, “I am relevant. The Constitution gives me relevance”. 	https://t.co/AmlG8O8giP
Sen Moran, once again wavering at the brink - via https://t.co/d1PA6XVN8W https://t.co/vdeCvduQsb
RT @byHeatherLong: New CBO report out today shows millionaires and Americans earning $100k to $500k do extremely well under GOP tax plan.	M…
Every month has been insane but December will be super-insane - the definitive take. Via @mikedebonis @edatpost  https://t.co/zvjTjTiX3I
RT @ktumulty: I have heard GOP strategists lament privately about the tone-deafness of this provision of the House tax bill. For Democrats,…
NEWS - late changes to tax bill to lure Senate holdouts - via @damianpaletta 	https://t.co/Tp9lpfi6Bt
Pelosi has always kept CBC in her corner and that helps account for her grip on power —&gt;	https://t.co/ztd0OMC7rC
Expiring provisions threaten to upend promised tax relief https://t.co/Qq3284C8OX
Where is the bench-clearing lobbyist brawl one would expect around a tax bill? @ToryNewmyer addresses the odd sound of silence from K St in today's Finance 202	https://t.co/E5Oxdbmiyc
@heatherscope Aw that’s so nice. Hope I️ can always be worthy of your affections!!
@LACaldwellDC Thanks Leigh Ann this should in no way interfere with our hallway togetherness
@mikedebonis @MEPFuller Thanks Mike. Looking forward to being colleagues!
@bykowicz @washingtonpost Thanks Julie ❤️
@MEPFuller Thanks Matt
RT @costareports: Lucky day for our newspaper: first-rate reporter @EricaWerner has joined @WashingtonPost as our congressional economic po…
RT @PhilipRucker: Great news: The talented and tenacious @ericawerner is joining WaPo to be congressional economic policy correspondent!
Very excited to be joining such an amazing and talented team 	https://t.co/J3BbGi1A2I
@seungminkim Aw thanks SMK right back atcha
Thrilled to take on this new role and grateful for 18 amazing years at AP	https://t.co/1HipMr7z8R
From our story by @sppeoples https://t.co/x5CRAszDx3
Roy Moore is out with a fundraising appeal that seems to relate to the WaPo story https://t.co/oPNCthae9c
RT @AP_Politics: BREAKING: House panel approves GOP legislation to deeply cut taxes for corporations, double standard deduction, simplify t…
But what if he doesn't?	https://t.co/ZfQwVMMt0w
Ways &amp; Means Committee voting now to approve tax bill and send to full House
Meanwhile Ivanka Trump appeared in a Senate hallway but ignored shouted questions about Roy Moore (true)	h/t @MatthewDalyWDC
Roy Moore doesn't sound like he's going anywhere https://t.co/DGWJAJMRbp
Allow me to be the latest to say holy s---	https://t.co/s6RcwqOEkY
And, Senate bill will leave mortgage interest deduction untouched - in concession to real estate lobby, via @APAndrewTaylor - story tk
Senate bill full SALT repeal may cause trouble in House -- per Kevin McCarthy. 	Re House compromise: "I think it’d be difficult not to have it in the final bill.”
RYAN: "The crime bill of ’93, Obamacare -- those were unpopular bills. This is not unpopular."	https://t.co/iXBGRfeDXp
RT @sppeoples: Um, this video is amazing: https://t.co/XLDEpCVPGO https://t.co/hnNwnpx9vl
RT @scottwongDC: My 2015 profile on @RepGoodlatte, the guardian of gridlock https://t.co/ArNUDsfsO6
For better or worse Goodlatte's approach was inaction as the immigration debate erupted and Senate passed comprehensive bill	https://t.co/7nTZx8xmna
Via @APAndrewTaylor - GOP sees political fortunes rise and fall with tax cuts   https://t.co/LOdGgsIjpA
Rep @DarrellIssa working to protect Dreamers _ and his own House seat 	https://t.co/squ3rrPzk5
"We're excited, everything looks good" Mnuchin says upon exiting Senate Finance tax meeting. Would not comment further.
Happening now: Mnuchin, Gary Cohn meeting with Senate Finance R’s in the Capitol on eve of tax bill release
The others: https://t.co/j2YVirUFjK
14 House *Republicans* advised at this presser calling for action this year to protect Dreamers https://t.co/URvlgELy47
Despite gloating about last night’s results Schumer demurs on whether the sweep extends to AL Senate. “We’re just watching the race closely”
Thom Tillis has coined a phrase in light of last night's election outcomes.	"We’ve got to be RINOs - Republicans in Need of Outcomes. "
It's truly an abomination 	https://t.co/OhZzm8X9LQ
Schumer: last night’s results “a rejection both of the president and his policies.”
Schumer says Republicans better watch out based on last night’s results ... as in 2005 when “you could smell a wave coming”
Another one! This makes nearly 2 dozen House R retirements, compared to around 5 Ds. 	https://t.co/rIjVhCJmBe
@LACaldwellDC @jbendery As far as I can tell no action is required on my part in regards to any of this. 	That said, Hey Jenny!
Interesting comments from moderate GOP Rep Frank LoBiondo on his retirement: https://t.co/xaS3TreiLe
@AliABCNews For whatever reason the word Thursday was not used though presumably that's the logical conclusion https://t.co/LHWAmpHJ7p
McConnell misspoke on this per spox , fyi	https://t.co/73vspPLEAE
Also why does Trump incident justify restrictions for Pence who has been coming for months w/out flags thrown at him	https://t.co/sp7sGl9FdB
@seungminkim All I know is McConnell said Fri at the mics, then Blunt said Fri in a scrum and said he was saying Friday bc McConnell had said Friday
That Chris Collins quote on donors pressuring him to pass tax bill is political gold for Dems who have been jumping all over it ever since
So the Senate tax bill will be out Friday - per what McConnell just said - not Thurs
McConnell: “I don’t have any comment at all on the House proposal” (re taxes)
H/t @seungminkim on the crossed fingers emoji 🤞👍
“Hoping so!” Cornyn says asked if there will be a tax bill Thurs - holding up both hands with fingers crossed🤞🤞
McConnell asked on Rand Paul earlier today in KY: https://t.co/5qoE8rJ3fB
RT @BresPolitico: .@SpeakerRyan sends note to House members urging them and their staff to  participate in sexual harassment training https…
Would welcome any reax, tips re our story today. Email me at ewerner@ap.org	And thnx to those who already have	https://t.co/skTnstlnCg
RT @jpaceDC: The female lawmakers say two of the colleagues they were harassed by are still in Congress https://t.co/QEAq7kn6jD
RT @AP_Politics: Former and current women in Congress allege sexual harassment by colleagues, by @ericawerner + @JulietLinderman:	https://t…
@erin719nyc Yes!! She was super nice and it was great to hear news of you. Hope you’re doing awesome.
RT @kasie: "Not being a flirt and not being a bitch. That was my rule, to try to walk that fine line," Mary Bono said. https://t.co/SkN0Xhx…
NEWS: Previously unreported claims from Rep Linda Sanchez &amp; former Reps Bono and Solis of harassment in House  https://t.co/IqJLFTbNHz
My story today w @julietlinderman: Female lawmakers allege harassment by colleagues in House (from @AP) https://t.co/IqJLFTbNHz
@seungminkim Ok SMK who is it
@seungminkim Gotta be corker
SALT rebels couldn’t take down budget but claim they still have juice to change tax plan		Rep MacArthur, R-NJ: “This isn’t over”
Budget r no votes https://t.co/8evRCYnVtT
216-212 budget passes
Truly amazing. 4 months after lying near death Scalise is on his feet, animated surrounded by members, on this crucial vote.
Zeldin, R-NY, gaggles after voting NO over state/local concerns. 	Says he’s been given assurances and “There’ve been a lot of meetings”
RT @jpaceDC: "You don't complain that there's not room for you in your party, you make room"  https://t.co/tAdhJu6OWz
Just asked Sen. Jim Inhofe, R-Okla., about the Flake-Corker criticisms of Trump. He had this to say: https://t.co/oI2RpXYP5w
@catherine_lucey !	https://t.co/KiQNDQg1IU
Portman also said he didn't see Flake's speech bc he was in a tax reform mtg per @APAndrewTaylor
Sen. Pat Toomey says he hasn't read Flake's speech yet but intends to.
This comment from Rob Portman sums up the general GOP view around here on Flake and Corker: https://t.co/OGIcT4xFib
RT @cameron_easley: CBO and JCT find Alexander-Murray would reduce the deficit by 3.8B from 2018-2027 without change to # of insured https:…
@StevenTDennis I know Steve I just prefer when they’re out of sight out of mind
Crazy day in the Senate has now been capped off with the sighting of a mouse running through the press gallery. Time to go home.
GOP senators blister Trump, reveal party at war with itself   https://t.co/vHNDeNTkpE
@seungminkim Coons was on the floor for Flake's speech and seemed like he might be close to tearing up
GOP Sens. McConnell, Risch, McCain, Corker, Barrasso, Roberts, Paul, Young and Sasse were on floor for Sen. Flake's extraordinary speech
Trump asked for show of hands on various fed chair candidates per Cornyn. 	He declines to disclose results.
Corker and Cornyn say no talk of Corker, no confrontation - and little talk of taxes. 	Instead a focus on the successes so far per Cornyn.
Protester ID’d self as Ryan Clayton from Americans Take Action got very close to Trump and threw these flags at him https://t.co/hIk1v2qpHS
Whoa. Trump and McConnell just entered lunch. Protester had infiltrated press area and started yelling “Trump is treason”
Corker has entered the GOP lunch 	Press corps penned in across the Ohio Clock Corridor awaiting Trump arrival
They need to invent some new adjectives. Extraordinary, remarkable, unprecedented etc  not cutting it at this point.	https://t.co/dQWZGI3jVL
Paul Ryan: “All this stuff you see on a daily basis on twitter this and twitter that, forget about it.”
Ryan tries to downplay Corker-Trump feud saying it doesn’t change what they do and in the end “bob’s ... going to vote for tax reform.”
Ryan says he’s glad trump is coming to lunch so he and corker can settle their dispute in person
RT @_cingraham: Per the USDA, 0.4 percent of farm estates pay any estate tax. https://t.co/ovTj3H9iHd
Meadows also acknowledges tax bill will increase deficit but he'll vote for it anyway
"Should death be a taxable event Wolf? And I don’t think it should be."
Mark Meadows on CNN insisting estate tax is all about family farms, and giving Trump himself a huge tax break is "not even on the radar"
Q to @SenJohnMcCain on The View, what's your relationship like with the president?		McCain: "Almost none."
McCain on Trump, on The View: 	"I don’t consider him so much a draft dodger as that I feel that the system was so wrong ..."
Sen. Graham asked whether he agrees a 4-star general shouldn't be questioned: "No, not in America."
Also the Las Vegas massacre was less than 3 weeks ago and we've completely moved on from doing anything about that	https://t.co/9P82Ffwmym
Devilishly high 	WASHINGTON (AP) — Treasury: US budget deficit rose to $666 billion in just-completed fiscal year, an $80 billion increase.
@ByronTau And even, of late, some people who aren't members ..
Ryan also had this to say on CBS This Morning, notwithstanding recent developments: "We’re Republicans, we’re sensitive to the deficit."
I've been informed by @Drew_Hammill that Pelosi has in fact said same or similar before so I stand corrected	https://t.co/kDIQhCTgqp
Pelosi on The View, gives a rationale for staying as Leader I haven’t heard before, talking of WH dinner: https://t.co/u7iGUFCUmi
Ryan said on CBS This Morning he hadn't seen W's speech; shown NYT coverage he remarked “I don’t typically read the New York Times”
Note today is a special day per Senate UC last night. Not sure what it means but I've arguably observed it by updating our budget story https://t.co/ZDoBagKMJM
Vote-a-Rama aftermath this morning 		Also the candy bowl is empty except for a couple tootsie rolls https://t.co/SAnFeLy2Cf
Outside the Capitol on a beautiful night a fleet of SUVs awaits their senators https://t.co/Ahdsi1TfII
There is talk among Senate aides that this vote-a-rama wraps by 8, which would be a fairly uninspiring vote-a-rama not that anyone minds
Rand Paul got four votes on an amendment just now.
Schumer as list of Alexander-Murray supporters tops 60: “Every Democrat’s voting for it. Do the math, baby."
@burgessev Come and bring the baby for his first stakeout, we will all take turns holding him. It's going to be complete chaos anyways
Sen Alexander sounds eminently reasonable ... and therefore out of step with today’s political environment
Alexander now on the floor to announce co-sponsors. Opens by describing phone call he had with Trump "while my dinner got cold"
RT @KThomasDC: Trump says he would give the White House's response to Puerto Rico's hurricane "a ten" on a scale of 1-to-10. "I give oursel…
Republican Sen. Ron Johnson criticizes Trump over Alexander-Murray proposal: https://t.co/JwB7O8zb2i
2 helpful links I learned of today!		House Press casualty list: 	https://t.co/XWflgqPt9R		Senate Carry-Out menu: 	https://t.co/PFP55I3mF5
The Oracle of the Ohio Clock Corridor speaks (regarding Vote-a-Rama end time) --&gt;	https://t.co/BCHskjnNQw
@burgessev @RalstonReports Wait, really? Or was he joking
Everyone knows - they do 	https://t.co/redjNc2jt2
Trump kicks issues to Congress, is erratic trading partner (from @AP) https://t.co/QXdbbEYtGY
Kudos @BresPolitico and @apalmerdc for going there. We've all been witnessing this but until now it wasn't told.	https://t.co/acFveYhp2o
That was quick don't you think @burgessev? cc @jenhab	https://t.co/i7zCMBQZXi
@kristinapet @GarrettHaake And you're sure it was small not liddle
Hatch on Alexander-Murray: "It would last two years and spend a whopping amount of money and not solve the problem."
Trump: “We’re going to see the bipartisan and Lamar Alexander is working on it very hard from our side."
ICYMI, our story from last night's Kelli Ward event in AZ w some choice Bannon quotes, via @TomBeaumont @APChristie https://t.co/h8s705VVfU
Schumer: "The president keeps zigging and zagging so it's impossible to govern."
It's not you, it's me 	https://t.co/3ON1X4lvkV
After throwing him under the bus last night Trump calls Alexander this am "to be encouraging" Alexander says at Axios event - via @asfram
Sen Alexander on the floor just now: “This agreement avoids chaos. I don't know a Republican or Democrat who benefits from chaos.”
(Short left lunch before Alexander presented the bipartisan CSR deal potus apparently supports w/out mandate repeal)	https://t.co/CqkPBAjkRG
Alexander announcing deal with Murray on CSRs
Marc Short exits GOP lunch, asked what WH wants for CSRs:	"A starting point is eliminating the individual mandate and employer mandate."
RT @AP_Politics: Two leading senators say they are close to an agreement on how to resume federal health care subsidies: https://t.co/VukUc…
"I have faced tougher adversaries" McCain just said when asked about Trump's threats 	https://t.co/i2jgaYtB5R
Trump’s quote on McCain, on @wmalDC, via @KThomasDC https://t.co/MvQaob1R4M
RT @KThomasDC: Trump on @WMALDC on McCain speech. "People have to be careful because at some point I fight back ... and it won't be pretty."
Rats (real ones) are taking over DC. Per reliable info a rat the size of a man's foot was spotted running outside Senate Chamber last week.
Callista Gingrich has been confirmed ambassador to the Vatican, 70-23
Hatch, asked if he wants to see CSR payments funded: "There's a part of me that does."		No response when @asfram asks if it's a major part
That's a wrap at 39 minutes and change	https://t.co/TGhuhbxdOE
McConnell: "Contrary to what some of you may have reported we are together totally on this agenda to move America forward."
Trump on McConnell: "My relationship with this gentleman is outstanding, has been outstanding."		(Just in case anyone thought otherwise)
Trump, as McConnell kind of smiles: "We’re probably now closer than ever before."
Trump: Ending CSR payments "has actually brought Republicans and Democrats together ... saying let’s come up with at least a short-term fix"
Amazing comments from Trump. 	“I think we already have the votes for health care.” 	“There are some R's frankly who should be ashamed.”
Trump: "I’m not going to blame myself I’ll be honest they are not getting the job done...I can understand where Steve Bannon’s coming from"
Trump back to hard-core tone on immigration. "More than ever we need the wall ... We have to end chain migration."
McConnell on Collins https://t.co/1qcrAo2kk7
Our story out of Maine, via @David_Sharp_AP https://t.co/WCMyALn0aE
Collins: "I am a congenital optimist. I continue to believe that Congress can, and will, be more productive."
ROCKPORT, Maine (AP) — Republican Susan Collins of Maine says she is staying out of governor's race, chooses to remain in divided US Senate.
Pelosi earlier: Trump backs Dream Act bc public does, "Not because Chuck and I were such engaging dinner partners or Chuck’s table manners."
This is so suspenseful 	https://t.co/qt8swA74Dx
"Greg didn't come here to join clubs" 		https://t.co/5JGshl3VQB
Ryan on Trump NBC tweets: "I’m for the First Amendment, I don’t always agree and like what you guys write but you have a right to do it."
Pelosi raised notion of instituting a nuclear "no first use" policy, tho claimed it's not related to the prospect of Trump starting WW3
Jab from Ryan re SALT deduction: “I would argue we’re propping up profligate big-government states.” 		(Aren't CA and NY donor states .. ?)
Huge congrats to @kasie -- who btw began her career with us at @AP!	https://t.co/XsOZ6Bxojj
Ryan "can't imagine" there won't be Dem votes for the tax bill
ICYMI our exclusive on Bannon's ties to Harvey Weinstein - even as @BreitbartNews hammers Dems over Weinstein	https://t.co/vkZ15S1qn0
Ryan claims he will keep House in session over Christmas if necessary to pass tax reform
"States that got their act together are paying for states that didn't" Paul Ryan claims in defense of eliminating state/local tax deduction
That's what he said about health care 	https://t.co/P5lc25ybgq
APNewsBreak: Steve Bannon had ties to Harvey Weinstein   https://t.co/G8TbX0BfB9
Anyone in need of a break,	TBS is on in the Senate Carryout with an old episode of Friends. Some classic Joey-Rachel banter.
"Talk it out among yourselves" Ryan says of Corker-Trump
RT @scottwongDC: "This is a very trying time for our nation" @GOPleader says of hurricanes, wildfires and Vegas gun violence
Puerto Rico's Resident Commissioner Jenniffer Gonzalez joining House GOP leaders at press conf this am emphasizing needs there.
House GOP working group on DACA envisions legislation including the Wall, don't expect D votes, per Rep Carter, a member 	As for Senate..?
Shared this am at GOP conference: Their (tentative) tax filing postcard via @asfram https://t.co/MVgP3U9Q5b
House GOP Leadership handed out copies of Trump admin immigration plan this am per Rep Amodei https://t.co/8IWFnmX1kQ
Greg Gianforte is currently managing a post office renaming bill on the floor of the House. Looks like it's going to pass.
AP-NORC Poll: Most don't want young immigrants deported   https://t.co/yeKZPLLlnu
Sheldon Whitehouse sharing some deets of last week's dinner at Jared &amp; Ivanka's home, re. criminal justice reform, via @MRSmithAP https://t.co/lxMcrNPQSy
Cory Gardner joins the Cool It Caucus re Trump-Corker, via @DanElliottAP : https://t.co/Lz6yhGMN1W
SHS says the press corps should get a sense of humor and stop focusing on who likes who
"Is the president telling the truth" about false claim that Corker begged for his endorsement?	SHS: "Yes"
Moments after asserting that Corker is entitled to his own opinion but not his own facts	https://t.co/t3iuNbFsEc
SHS: "I don't think he's alienated anyone, I think Congress has alienated itself."
Sarah Huckabee Sanders says Corker is entitled to his own opinion but not to his own facts
Blunt says he supports Trump &amp; Corker, doesn't believe WH is a day care 	 	"I would like to see this end" he says of Trump-Corker feud
Flake and Rubio both restrained on Corker comments, per @APChristie who spoke with them after Flake fundraiser in Scottsdale https://t.co/niQ7ICpFg0
@POTUSPressPool @juliemason 	Thanks for having me on! Always a fun time
Via AP's @adambeam in Hazard, Ky: https://t.co/YqFjBKosmP
Mark Meadows responds to Corker intvu: 	Comments are not appropriate, not representative	"It's easy to be bold when you're not coming back."
Among other deets - Kelli Ward met last week with Bannon  https://t.co/7xv96vw387
My story with @APChristie on Flake's vulnerability and GOP concerns  https://t.co/7xv96vw387
RT @costareports: #WashWeek guests: WSJ's @EliStokols, AP's @ericawerner, Boston Herald's @KimberlyEAtkins, The Hill's @PoliticsReid
Harsh reaction from ICE to California's new sanctuary cities law https://t.co/0n69Jt8k7D
@cmarinucci Hi Carla! Thanks for the tweet ... Hope you are well
RT @AP_CorpComm: Watch for @AP Congressional Correspondent @ericawerner discussing gun control politics on @MSNBC @11thHour 11:35p ET https…
Protester removed from Senate yelling loudly about abortion -- and the filibuster		@pkcapitol ID'd him- *by voice alone* -as known protester
Our TV reporter @lynnelber interviewed @costareports! (And thanks, Lynn, for the shoutout in exalted company) https://t.co/tGA7WHjXXf
WASHINGTON (AP) — GOP Rep. Tim Murphy of Pennsylvania, caught in affair scandal, to resign from Congress.
Worth noting: Throwing this to BATF would potentially keep lawmakers from having to take a vote	https://t.co/Cy0pM5z72w
Gun Owners of America, on the other hand, is not on board 	https://t.co/JoZrrJqYH1
WASHINGTON (AP) — White House spokeswoman welcomes NRA saying it's open to regulation of bump stocks, says it wants conversation on issue.
Dagger from Sanchez. If Dems do take back the House, Pelosi will likely become speaker and will not forget 	https://t.co/xqvjJZSVwJ
Roy Moore's anti-establishment tour of Washington continues: Mark Meadows plans to see him tonight
In this clip Ryan says of bump stocks, "Clearly that’s something that we need to look into."	https://t.co/tqYcNzX9mF
Bill Flores (R-TX) tells me and @kristinapet the NRA reached out in concern yesterday after seeing his quotes for regulating bump stocks
Nevada GOP Rep Amodei says issue of bump stocks came up with Trump on AF1 yesterday and potus open to looking at it
"We're looking at it" House Judiciary Chairman Goodlatte says on "bump stocks" , says they're "concerned"
Another GOPer comes out for banning bump stocks https://t.co/C17I4iqGRB
Cruz avoids addressing bump stocks, but says D's want to "strip away the 2nd amdt rights of law abiding citizens"	https://t.co/Dkw3xqyN22
Conservatives won't roll over on "bump stocks."	TX radio host Mark Davis telling Cruz this am it could be the "camel's nose in the tent"
How @SenSchumer begins his day ....	A stroll near the Capitol with a copy of Politico https://t.co/tt25CnM2Gs
RT @MatthewDalyWDC: Interior Sec. Zinke: Use of private charter flights for govt. business legal; calls criticism 'complete and utter bull-…
MURPHY statement, via @timelywriter https://t.co/0kWDvdvHLE
Rep Tim Murphy: "I have come to the decision that I will not seek reelection to Congress at the end of my current term."
Some Republicans open to banning 'bump stocks' used in Vegas   https://t.co/EguW8kByIN
R Sen Ron Johnson on bump stocks: "I have no problem in banning those."
RT @scottwongDC: NEWS: Former @RepublicanStudy Chair @RepBillFlores (R-Texas) calls for ban on bump stocks in wake of Las Vegas shooting. F…
RT @kristinapet: Sen. John Cornyn: "If somebody can essentially convert a semi-automatic to an automatic weapon...that’s something of obvio…
Cornyn sounded surprisingly open to Feinstein "bump stock" bill 	Maybe this does have potential though hard to see how it moves
McConnell called Manchin into his office to talk taxes ..	Manchin expressed preference for 25% corporate rate
Feinstein reveals that her own daughter had planned to attend Route 91 music fest, though ended up not
Feinstein on Vegas: "I know what guns can do. This is taking it into war."
Manchin on Manchin-Toomey: "I want to make sure I can pass it. You want me to just drop a marker for the sake of making you all happy?"
News: Manchin says he will be meeting w Toomey. But won't reintroduce background checks bill unless it has wider GOP support.
Tillerson doesn't deny calling potus a moron. 	"Petty nonsense."
Ryan defends prayers instead of policy on Vegas. 	"Bad people are going to do bad things."
Ryan reiterates frustrations w Senate, saying House has been "the most productive House of Representatives in the modern era." 	On WISN
Paul Ryan attacks Tax Policy Center as "a left-wing group"	"Clearly you’re going to have the class warfare card, the envy card being played"
@hardball @JRubinBlogger @GeoffRBennett Great to be on with such delightful co-panelists, thank you!
WASHINGTON (AP) — AP sources: White House finalizing $29 billion request for disaster aid, flood insurance claims.
The difference is DACA is 800,000 younger immigrants; DREAM Act around 1.5 million per Durbin office	https://t.co/WW6g2AgPVD
McCarthy on Trump dinner: 	Contrary to Schumer's claim on agreement re DREAM Act, "The president was very clear we’re dealing with DACA."
OH, Heitkamp to Cap Police ofcr outside Schumer's office: "Look at you, did you get demoted you have to be here outside Chuckles' office?"
What Schumer said, when pressed on what Cotton, Cornyn are saying: https://t.co/o7Dc9H9fTR
Cotton: "President Trump said there’s no deal."	Cotton: "The president feels very strongly about chain migration."
Cotton says Trump says no deal w/Chuck &amp; Nancy	Only current DACA kids could become citizens -would not be able to help relatives naturalize
McConnell said repeatedly its "premature" to discuss gun bills		Did not want to engage and took only 3 questions
That would not seem good politics for Manchin. What about it @jonathankott 	https://t.co/n7nMHWpeiJ
RT @joshledermanAP: Invisible attacks in #Havana. 22 US victims. A major blow to US-#Cuba relations. Got questions? Ask me them on @Reddit…
@seungminkim Had same thought. Dreamers are here but not making noise. At all. And there was not a big line outside at least when I arrived.
cc  @KristenOrthman 	https://t.co/yI7XuA22Bo
DHS witness pressed on DACA bill.	He says, "Under a rational bill these individuals would be allowed to become lawful permanent residents."
Feinstein asks if DHS has put out any instructions backing up that Trump tweet saying Dreamers shouldn't worry. 	DHS witness says not needed
Grassley says Justice Dept witness didn't submit testimony ahead of DACA hearing bc couldn't get it cleared in time
But Cornyn says that comes with "a big caveat" -- border security and enforcement legislation must also pass 	https://t.co/zKezYL0q43
Cornyn, who dined w Trump last night: "They should not be penalized for being brought here illegally through no fault of their own."
Grassley: "Any potential deal on DACA has to include robust border security, and by that, I don’t mean a wall."	As Senate opens DACA hearing
Dreamers lining up for first Senate DACA hearing since Trump announced end to program. In Judiciary cmte. https://t.co/HI5ktL94kj
Speaker Ryan got a question on gun bills when he came into our @AP Washington buro last month. Full exchange (was a Facebook questioner): https://t.co/lrJXt5H1QY
@BresPolitico Kind of seems like you got to have your cake and it it too there
SHARE Act - w/gun silencer provision - cleared cmte last month. 		Not on House schedule; no further info from majority leader's office.
DiFi tried to renew expired assault weapons ban after Newton; went nowhere 		NRA once supported tighter background checks; no longer does
Dean Heller's Dem Senate opponent Jacky Rosen releases stmt on hearts &amp; prayers, nothing on guns
@nielslesniewski Well said Niels
RT @nielslesniewski: Please call me if your boss changes his or her mind about any of this.
RT @nielslesniewski: The predictability of the "debate" after a mass shooting is tiring.		I could write the statements of just abut all 100…
@byrdinator Thanks Haley
Sen Chris Murphy weighs in that it's time for Congress to "get off its ass and do something" (it won't)	https://t.co/NvH2YwSITR
Not even liberal Dems like Pelosi bother mentioning gun laws in their statements this morning 		Thoughts &amp; prayers etc
At least 50 dead in Las Vegas 	Zero chance Congress will act on guns
Who by fire and who by water;	Who by war and who by beast;	Who by charter flights exposed by Politico
Paul Ryan gushes about "superb health secretary" Tom Price as he resigns in disgrace https://t.co/Pp7ONiDFUn
Moving on our WI wire, a non-vote of confidence in McConnell from RonJohn: https://t.co/qGgVrV4Pfg
Trump talking about taxes the way he used to talk about the wall. 	"Giant, beautiful, massive, the biggest ever in our country."
King also shared some history- in '86 then-NY Rep McGrath "sold his soul" to Rostenkowski to preserve SALT deduction	https://t.co/noK4hr8cL4
Ivanka has appeared in the basement of the Capitol with Sen Alexander. Would not say why she's here. per @MCJalonick
Rep Pete King (R-NY) says can't support tax plan as written bc of state/local tax issue. 	Says ldrshp says will try to work around it
RT @kelsey_snell: "It shows you if you fight and persevere you can overcome anything" -@SteveScalise as he walked into the House chamber
Scalise just made his way through speakers lobby on crutches ... enters chamber to big applause
RT @DonnaCassataAP: (AP) _ Football star Peyton Manning ruled out a bid for the Senate seat now held by Republican Bob Corker.
Dean Heller on Moore's win in Alabama: "Who won? I wasn't paying attention. I'm just worried about taxes."
Trump still saying (wrongly) they have the votes on health care, but unnamed senator now recovering at home, which at least is accurate
McConnell gets a vote of confidence from Trump that somehow sounds less than entirely full-throated https://t.co/prfsdE3zG2
Republicans DON'T have the votes on health care and there is NOT a senator in the hospital ... fwiw
Yet Roy Moore would be another vote against G-C which he called "socialized medicine at best" on Fox this am	https://t.co/VMwxG2SqvP
Strange supporters kept saying it was going to be a close race. @MooreSenate won by 9 points per our AP tally. Not close.
RT @deirdrewalshcnn: which is CLOSED to reporters covering major policy reform debate https://t.co/ktsl0j6SOX
RT @JNicholsonInDC: When Camp rolled out his tax reform (w/ 25% corp rate; 3 brackets,  10%, 25%, 35%), he had text, sec-by-sec AND JCT. ht…
@JNicholsonInDC Did he have a simplistic and cheery video? 	https://t.co/eVZ5oJ7Aij
Trump tweets he's still optimistic on health overhaul (from @AP) https://t.co/qztUP4nMaX
@jamespmanley If only you would ever share your unvarnished opinions over Twitter Jim
@seungminkim ?? 	I will look into this apparently sports-related event
So McConnell's two-cycle primary winning streak ends on the very same day Obamacare repeal dies a final death. 	Plus Corker. Geez.
There's Ala, and then there's the other contest riveting the nation's capital tonight. 	Please live tweet @jenhab !	https://t.co/M6bxixAamj
Graham was adamant today about eventual passage of G-C ... reminiscent of how he used to adamantly insist immigration reform had to pass
'Obamacare' survives https://t.co/JIs8uqcJKt
RT @StevenTDennis: ACA has survived:	Scott Brown	SCOTUSX2	2012	Cruz shutdown	Healthcaredotgov	AHCA	BCRA	Skinny	Graham-Cassidy
CORKER earlier today, asked on health care: “I’m not much of a politician, as you know..."	Words he decided to live by.
CORKER https://t.co/E50S0k9p7M
@seungminkim @kristinapet @levinecarrie @siobhanehughes @RichardRubinDC Probably the best moment in my day
@burgessev You stumped me and @APAndrewTaylor with that one
Under the timeline Graham now envisions, the next Obamacare repeal debate would arrive just in time for 2018 midterm season
@burgessev Well Burgess?
Sen John Kennedy says bill is "dead as a door nail ... we failed twice."
McConnell: "Where we go from here is tax reform."
Cassidy: "To be clear ... we don't have the votes."
Graham trying to put a positive spin on defeat. Claims it's "only a matter of when" GC passes.
The votes aren't there - and Graham won't push for a vote. Per senator/aides.
Sen Roberts, exiting lunch, says "appears not" on whether there will be a vote. 	Joint decision w Graham, Cassidy, McConnell he says
Thune, Up to McConnell but, "If you don't think you can win it, then I'm not sure that there's a reason to do that."
Mike Crapo: "It would be negative to pull the vote back too, because that would be admitting that we couldn't pass it."
Mutually exclusive? https://t.co/l7E88VFRfK
RT @lesleyclark: "If it wouldn't b sexist, I'd call them the eye candy of the Republican Study Co.," RepMarkWalker says of women members of…
RT @rachaelmbade: Best headline ever. https://t.co/HZdXkJA9qm
Corker on G-C vote chances: "I think we know the outcome so y'all can show up up in the balcony if you wish."
I stumped @seungminkim on the word q-u-e-r-u-l-o-u-s  just f-y-i 	https://t.co/0rlGX8YMKU
But today we must ask: If it's not Strange, will Trump be back for Moore?	(h/t @bykowicz on that one)	https://t.co/1RwbDI9kVW
McConnell would not normally put a bill on the floor w/out the votes	WH may want him to do just that on Graham-Cassidy
@annaedge4 Hey DM or email me I have your ID @ewerner@ap.org
Farenthold:"There were certain promises made in the last election. We haven't gotten there on O'care. We damn well better get there on tax."
Ryan refuses to say how reported plan to reduce top rates squares with Trump's claims wealthy shouldn't pay less
Ryan says people are free to express themselves but "My own view is that we shouldn’t do it on the anthem"
Paul Ryan opens with remarks on Puerto Rico: "They need our help and they are going to get our help."
Every House GOP press conf at the RNC begins with Paul Ryan remarking on the lack of air conditioning. Without fail.
Ok with who?	https://t.co/7Mv2z5ziSA
Collins also said her own analysis showed Maine would get decreased $$ - not an increase like the bill's sponsors claimed
Collins says Trump called her today. She informed him she was "not likely to be a yes vote"
Collins gaggling... The fact that a whole new bill came out last night "epitomizes the problem" with the process
In wake of Collins "no" vote announcement Thune characterizes prospects on health care as "bleak"
Hatch asked whether McConnell will bring health bill to vote this week: "I doubt it."
GOP's 'Obamacare' repeal all but dead; McCain deals the blow (from @AP) https://t.co/RCyNnNFXeo
@WaPoSean They both didn't want Trump to be president ..
Boats against the current ... 	https://t.co/kH0ey1WBeJ
The Latest: Collins 'leaning against' GOP health care bill   https://t.co/Kf7vMngbtw
Not exactly exuding optimism - @SenJoniErnst on health bill, after a town hall in Charles City, IA, via @TomBeaumont https://t.co/zxReUzvEgb
The Wisconsin Windfall ... via @asfram	https://t.co/rnVTUtAYu4
AP FACT CHECK: Trump and the fog over pre-existing maladies   https://t.co/IBRfMrXl79
Iowa Sen. Ernst hopes, but isn't sure, health bill has votes   https://t.co/IfzhahYyhW
RT @MCJalonick: Attorney General Jeff Sessions to appear before Judiciary Committee in October. His first appearance before Judiciary since…
TRUMP, in NY, on Graham-Cassidy: "Currently we’re at 47 or 48 senators and a lot of those are looking at it very positively.”
Does McConnell have the votes @StewSays ? Or is it just his intention to get them	https://t.co/vXQ8LvKV1S
What does Graham-Cassidy actually do? @AP's Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar takes a look 	https://t.co/5ySV2qwHNY
This am @asfram asked Murray if she expected deal w/Alexander this week; she said "I believe we can get there, yes"	https://t.co/GWb7ISoUol
RT @jpaceDC: ICYMI: Despite those tweets, Trump is privately encouraging Corker to run again https://t.co/5rj0RfKlhr
Sen Graham quotes talking about McCain. This could all come down to Murkowski. https://t.co/oYc6mhBjJD
Sen Graham tries to get into elevator after gaggle but pulled out by McConnell aide who says "the leader needs to see you"
Graham says McCain likes federalism ,,, but won't say if McCain will be yes
Graham says he's spoken with Trump 5 times in the last two days and he's "focused like a laser"
Susan Collins says new bill has some of the same probs as old one ... as well as "some additional flaws" on pre-ex conditions
Pence &amp; entourage enter then exit GOP lunch, rolling past McCain who remarks "Was it something I said?"
Blunt on Trump role	"The president’s level of engagement would best be in the House and the most important level is when he signs the bill"
Sen Kennedy says he supports states' rights but doesn't want states doing single payer because it is a bad idea. 		He's a "yes" anyway tho
McCain asked on Graham Cassidy says repeatedly "I don't have anything to say ,,, I have nothing to say, do you hear me?"
Cornyn: No conference on Graham-Cassidy	"I think the hope would be that the House would take it up and pass it and the president sign it."
Thanks @alexanderbolton for sharing tape on this gaggle!
Cornyn on Graham-Cassidy, "I'm more hopeful now than I have been, it’s sort of like Lazarus raised from the dead."
This was McConnell's first time talking Graham-Cassidy on Senate floor. 	Oppty to repeal O'care "may well pass us by if we don’t act soon."
McConnell on the floor talking up Graham-Cassidy -- "it's an intriguing idea and one that has a great deal of support"
Great detail from @asfram: Interrupted Wed night at WH Pelosi said, "Does anybody listen to women .. around here?" https://t.co/auyB1kNEPW
RT @costareports: Powerhouse group for this Friday's @washingtonweek: @mollyesque @peterbakernyt @Yamiche @ericawerner  https://t.co/xf0rpP…
Evidently Schumer was talking to McConnell when he said this, believe it or not	https://t.co/V8Ncsew3HV
Told by two sources that when Dems raised DREAM Act last night, Mulvaney said "that's the one w citizenship" -- or words to that effect
@JakeSherman @jestei A Chinese Rosh Hashanah?
Last night's menu. At least there can be no dispute about that. https://t.co/EIxTuOKGOV
@jbendery No. After presser, prior to entering an elevator.
@jbendery You're asking me??
Schumer: "We agreed it would be the Dream Act."
A deal that's not a deal, a conversation that's not a negotiation, potential citizenship that's not amnesty .. It's Rorschach test material
Ryan: "The president wasn’t negotiating a deal last night. The president was talking with Democratic leaders to get their perspective."
RT @pkcapitol: Unlike WH briefing room, it's a normal day in the Capitol - the women own the front row. @kasie @nancycordes @marykbruce @er…
Ryan adamant there is no agreement.
Meadows: "There is no agreement. You can take it on good authority that there is no agreement."
Rep McClintock: Trump won't "have a single friend left in the country" if he breaks immigration vows. 		"He'd lose the entire R base."
Steve King telling reporters that retreat on immigration is the one thing that will "crack his base" (Trump's)
Cornyn says there's no deal, just "a deal to make a deal." 		As for Trump negotiating with Dems, "it's fine."
WH spox Lindsey Walters denies amnesty, while describing possibility for what conservatives would view as amnesty: https://t.co/qxQT9e945f
Per Ryan aide the speaker and president have now spoken. 	No additional deets provided.
Classic - Schumer is proud to note that some of this great border technology is manufactured in Syracuse, NY
Schumer:	"If you listen to the president’s comments this morning ...  what Leader Pelosi and I put out last night is exactly accurate."
RT @pkcapitol: By year's end, Obamacare will be law of land, maybe even fortified, Dreamers fully legal. Would've been great Year 1 for Pre…
Point being that despite SHS denial now, Trump himself signaled the deal to mods earlier, and she kinda did too	https://t.co/eHUiZC0oTK
SHS earlier today on the wall: "It doesn't have to be tied to DACA but it's important and he will get it done." 	https://t.co/9Z26bnbVVc
Does the base hold? One clue, though not necessarily a representative one --&gt;	https://t.co/RuJ8ZwpA26
It's not in the stmt, but per source the agreement is DREAM Act. That means citizenship. 	In a normal world House R's would not like that.
BIG --&gt; https://t.co/VgUppaayYX
Telling GOP conference to "vote for the debt ceiling for me" is barely tone deaf at all by comparison 	https://t.co/MjagGynTbS
Maybe as soon as tonight when he dines with Pelosi and Schumer?	https://t.co/PwMlFWwxvw
@elisefoley @frankthorp I actually have a question. Why is it that you're doing whatever Elise is asking you about, Frank?
@byrdinator @HistoryJosh It reminded me of that too! Thank you for your initiative in finding that tweet, I probably wouldn't have been able to
Trump still talking 15% corporate rate  - though in private he seems ok with higher, per background readouts of last night's dinner
At our AP newsmaker Ryan declined to reiterate his past support for eventual citizenship for Dreamers ...Here's what he had to say in 2013: https://t.co/W5Kau9dGno
@juliehdavis @Sen_JoeManchin @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @SenatorHeitkamp But what exactly is that reason
@iseehawksinla Amazing she knew that
@rachaelmbade Thanks for watching! DM'd you.
RT @mikedebonis: @ericawerner @SpeakerRyan FLASHBACK: Ryan's Better Way 'envisions tax reform that is rev. neutral' (albeit w/ current-poli…
RT @mikedebonis: Full exchange between @ericawerner &amp; @SpeakerRyan where Ryan gives up the ghost on a revenue-neutral tax bill. https://t.c…
RT @jpaceDC: TODAY at 10:45am @SpeakerRyan kicks off our new @AP Newsmakers series. Tune in. https://t.co/EtigtlBb2G
The latest Trump affront to Mitch McConnell. 	Why take a photo with a vulnerable Dem running in a Trump state?? 	https://t.co/WntP8MkWsf
With little- make that no- fanfare, Congress sends Trump resolution denouncing Charlottesville hate, urging him to speak out on hate groups
@burgessev @seungminkim Or make that the surprise twist ending
@seungminkim @JohnCornyn Have you considered pitching publishers on The Definitive Guide to Senators' Travel Habits Around the Capitol?
@kasie @ahrferrier Are there any Dems in the Big Six?
?? @jonathankott https://t.co/L8y78caFVh
For the record both Pelosi and Schumer were asked today if they're reading Hillary Clinton's book; neither said yes
"We all make mistakes and we're all looking forward to improving" - Schumer asked if he's reading Hillary book, and why she lost.
Schumer not supporting Sanders single-payer bill no surprise, says lots of good bills out there
Passage of Graham-Cassidy would take a "double double bank shot" says Thune 		McConnell says path forward unclear
Pelosi this am: Opposes a wall, but "We always want border stuff so that's not a problem."		This could all come down to semantics.
This story has been corrected to reflect Rep Lance is NOT mulling retirement! Apologies @RepLanceNJ7 for the error.	https://t.co/WI6zLM8eQr
Kid Rock to open Detroit arena amid protest, Senate talk   https://t.co/bYIlrL4M7x
Relatedly Pelosi said earlier she doesn't plan to read Hillary book right now- eventually will. 	https://t.co/ALKeVtoB7D
Pelosi also says "I don't think it's a litmus test." 	Says everyone supports the idea of bill, of everyone covered	https://t.co/TMJKRkaf95
Classic Pelosi put-down on Bannon CBS intvu: 	"I just wondered why they were having a big long interview with Steve Bannon."
Pelosi *not* on board with Sanders single-payer bill. 	"Right now I'm protecting the ACA."
@MEPFuller Great anecdotal lead for a profile of Meadows, or of you
@seungminkim @byrdinator @igorbobic @LindseyGrahamSC Dang. Sasse better up his stealth game to get by SMK.
RT @TomBeaumont: .@AP: Republicans jumping ship amid dissatisfaction in Trump era. MIchigan @repdavetrott the latest. W/@ericawerner https:…
Speaking for any number of other R's, Hatch tells @seungminkim “Right now, I intend to run again. But who knows?” 	https://t.co/X5WVaZnS9M
Dave Trott's statement today announcing his retirement was very diplomatic, in contrast to his most recent tweet --&gt;	https://t.co/Y2ius2mCr6
In case anyone saw this incorrectly noticed for today - our AP Newsmaker with Speaker Ryan is WEDNESDAY 	https://t.co/iKRQ0ZKxN0
Votes canceled in the House today bc of the hurricane but Senate will be in session w/ votes at 5:30
For Trump and Ryan, a tortured relationship grows more so (from @AP) https://t.co/6IVTkZQq2X
Congress sends aid bill, debt hike to Trump (from @AP) https://t.co/R7klieH0pt
Rep. Young apologizes for irate retort to female colleague (from @AP) https://t.co/Np4GBBwSQq
Deets from Pelosi: When Trump asked what he could do on DACA, she replied "Well, what you always do" (ie, tweet)	 https://t.co/d2AseqLFUR
Pelosi on bottom line at Wed mtg w Trump: “He saw they didn’t have the votes, we had a plan.”
RT @kelmej: Final vote breakdown from House Clerk on Harvey package @CQnow https://t.co/6t9cisJ7Xs
Mnuchin told House R's debt ceiling should be non-political going forward, "something that was met with a degree of disbelief" per sanford
Ha. "Let's face it, he was booed when he was here" Rep Perry says of Mulvaney getting booed this morning.
Mulvaney was booed when he came to the mics this am - though Rep Trott maintains it was largely good natured. 		Outcome: 90 R's vote "no"
RT @kgyp: All 90 no votes on Trump/Schumer/Pelosi debt ceiling deal were Republican.
Yoho says Mnuchin probly lost votes by telling lawmakers "vote for the debt ceiling for me."		Yoho: "Ha. He's not one of my constituents."
Mnuchin told House R's "vote for the debt ceiling for me" - eliciting hisses- per rep walker
Mulvaney refuses to say whether he would have voted for this deal if he were still in the House saying it's "not a relevant question"
RT @etuckerAP: Team effort for big day on Capitol Hill. @MCJalonick @ChadSDay @JonLemire and me  https://t.co/CT3ZhcgL52
Dent says he'd never planned to stay in Congress this long -- but allows frustration over DC gridlock grew "tiring"	https://t.co/IEMQolNYNw
Rep. Charlie Dent Announces That He Will Not Seek an 8th Term
@SteveDaines @seungminkim AH. Sounds delish.
@seungminkim @SteveDaines What is a huckleberry sandwich
VP Pence on yesterday's deal: “It was a great moment, as Senator Schumer said."
And once again undercutting Ryan an hour after Ryan spoke, Trump expects Congress to discuss eliminating it	https://t.co/xue9Lqg4kc
According to Trump just now, the debt ceiling "complicates things", which is true
Unlike, apparently, Trump, Ryan is not interested in scrapping the debt limit he says
"I do, I do" Ryan responds when asked if he still believes he has a trustworthy negotiating partner in Trump
Is this a new period of bipartisan comity? Pelosi: "I don’t know. What I do know is that the world we live in is a giant kaleidoscope ..."
Pelosi claims Trump said yesterday he supports the Dream Act and would sign it
@ASimendinger I'm told Trump initiated the call ... But haven't yet learned why.
This is getting crazy. McConnell repeatedly asks Trump to stop tweeting, Pelosi gets a tweet she wants. 	https://t.co/H582kHjDYM
McConnell's former COS has some thoughts about what went down yesterday --&gt;	https://t.co/4YqJ0dHzPA
Ryan does not favor raising the federal minimum wage in case anyone had doubts on that #timestalks
"I really think he's disgusted by these people" Ryan says of Trump &amp; Charleston protesters. 	Trump made right stmts at some pts, "not Tues"
Asked if he'll put Dream Act on floor Ryan says, "I'm going to put a consensus bill on the floor." At NYT event.
Ryan does not criticize Trump on the deal, reiterates longer debt limit better. 	"Yeah I sort of noticed that" he says of Trump siding w D's
Ryan on Trump deal yesterday: "He just wanted this to be a bipartisan moment for the country."	Didn't want "partisan fight."
Ryan says "the numbers are hard to make that work" on 15% corp rate Trump wants. 	Instead aiming for mid to low 20s.
Ryan says tax plan will double standard deduction - keep mortgage and charitable deductions - at NYT event 		Plan soon, votes this year
@burgessev why who is he
RT @NewsHour: GOP members of Congress "were almost speechless in the aftermath" of Pres. Trump's siding with Dems on debt ceiling, reports…
Per AP"s @colvinj Mnuchin did rare AF1 gaggle to defend deal 	Also claimed Trump left a 1-year debt/CR deal on the table -which D's deny
GOP Rep Kevin Cramer traveled aboard AF1 to home state North Dakota and had this to say about today's deal,  h/t @colvinj https://t.co/uOFGLMBWl9
Our account of today's developments in the Oval and beyond, including Trump cutting off Mnuchin mid-sentence  https://t.co/wWRrUpuVJo
@HolmesJosh In other news did you see Trump flew to ND to endorse Heidi Heitkamp for re-election, I mean campaign for tax reform
After rolling GOP leaders Trump is now in ND praising Dem Heidi Heitkamp who is in cycle	D's could hardly ask for more from him today
@DougAndres +1. Nice to have a thought we can all get behind today.
McConnell also was pressed by @mkraju on Trump's attacks on R's over August but completely dodged.
McConnell said Trump agreed w/ D's to avoid "a picture of divisiveness at a time of genuine national crisis."	Didn't achieve objective.
McConnell came right out at the mics and said Trump agreed with Schumer and Pelosi. So there ya have it.
RT @bykowicz: And Mitch and Paul? https://t.co/OgzcFuHO2m
Trump tells reporters on AF1 “We had a very good meeting with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer" -- doesn't even mention Ryan, McConnell
Trump appears to have rolled Ryan and McConnell, then hops on a plane to ND to sell Heitkamp on a nonexistent bipartisan tax plan..?
The Big Four meeting happening now at the White House is apparently the first such of Trump's presidency - with just the Big Four leaders
@seungminkim You are single-handedly making blue slips a household phrase. 	(At least in households that read politico.)
Fuller quotes from Ryan on his thinking on fixing DACA paired with something on border security https://t.co/kqvT9JrUB0
Ryan was also reminded of his promise when he became speaker not to bring up immigration bill w/out majority R support. Doesn't address.
Ryan says there is a compromise to be had on DACA-- but he emphasizes border security will be addressed at the same time
Asked if he will guarantee Dreamers a vote to protect them Ryan doesn't respond directly but says "People should rest easy"
Ryan on D 3-month offer: "I think that's a ridiculous idea ... ridiculous idea that they want to play politics with the debt ceiling."
Ryan on daca "Where does that compromise exist, we're going to spend the next months figuring that out."
More Steve King frustrated on DACA: "He convinced everyone he was going to enforce the law and DACA was going to go ... on the first day."
Steve King on DACA : "Its kind of a King Solomon decision, cut the baby in half and throw both halves to Congress and let us fight over it."
Ryan told members this am they'll do immigration "deliberately ... not jam anybody, we're going to go through the process" - per rep Ross
McCarthy says he's telling members Saturday votes possible
If the goal is to get Congress to act this tweet probably doesn't help	https://t.co/8XtCFd691S
"We have 36 very diverse members" Mark Meadows says of the all white male Freedom Caucus (meaning their views on things)
Mark Meadows says you can't talk about legalizing Dreamers until you secure the Southern border
Short also says comprehensive reform including the 11 million could happen during the Trump presidency   	https://t.co/rK36H54NCZ
WH leg director Marc Short, heading into Ryan office, says WH will release legislative principles on immigration in next several days
Marco Rubio said the same thing!	https://t.co/3aEN7XgsyS
What could go wrong	https://t.co/lYhGuI6H97
FEMA is warning lawmakers that federal disaster funds run out on *Friday" - just $1b left.	h/t the indispensable @APAndrewTaylor
Conservatives are complaining about GOP leadership.	Schumer is complaining about McConnell. 	Congress is indeed back.
McConnell concludes leader remarks emphasizing urgency on disaster relief, debt ceiling, govt funding.	No mention of DACA, immigration.
McConnell: "Pass disaster relief; prevent a default; and fund the government ...	We have to get all of these things done ... quickly"
McConnell's first words! "I understand there's a bill at the desk."
The Senate is back in session!	Sen Hatch presiding
A Congress that couldn't repeal Obamacare is now being asked to reform the immigration system.
"Congress has 6 months which is a pretty long time" says @PressSec		They had 8 years under Obama and couldn't do it
Maybe this will be Trump's "Nixon goes to China" moment -- as @JeffFlake suggested earlier this year
Just wow that Trump, who won as the ultimate immigration hardliner, is now asking Congress to do comprehensive reform - w/ midterms ahead.
Sanders blaming previous administration -- which enacted DACA only after Congress failed on comprehensive reform.
"Responsible immigration reform" -- @PressSec	"Really big fixes and big reform."		Congress has tried this and failed.
Sarah Sanders says Trump wants overall immigration reform -- not just Dreamers
RT @seungminkim: Fate is bringing you, me and @elisefoley back together again https://t.co/kbLQgXj9bc
Amazingly, something akin to comprehensive immigration reform is now back on Congress' agenda. Sen Ernst echoing many other R's: https://t.co/2q0Th8cQsi
House R's grow increasingly hard-line on immigration, find standard-bearer. 	Now he expects them to fix Dreamers sitch. 	It's ... ironic?
GOP House couldn't even pass a border bill in 2015. I will be shocked if they protect Dreamers. 	Will only happen if Trump leans in big.
At the time of course the House was controlled by Dems ... which it could be again in 2019. 	https://t.co/YGbwZWQ9uM
But has not taken action or even introduced a bill  	https://t.co/LWrypoiCIL
Paul Ryan has been talking about Congress protecting Dreamers for years. 	29-minute mark in this clip from 2013	https://t.co/9eAc0EeWTo
@seungminkim @BenMarter  https://t.co/FkZaCBmbdT
Ryan Denies Making 'Faustian Bargain'	https://t.co/5gs2NROgW5
Sarah Sanders thinks ALL senators should vote for tax legislation
Some congressional Republicans wanted a delay in DACA decision so this didn't all happen at once 	https://t.co/Z54dF2OQ6r
DACA decision will be TUESDAY says Sarah Sanders	"He loves people" and wants decision made correctly
Last Day of Recess look, modeled by @Sen_JoeManchin spox @jonathankott https://t.co/lq65xKxsXy
Thanks @AshLeeStrong for quickly providing rush transcript of Ryan's comments on radio re DACA https://t.co/m1bXEA0ZTn
NEWS: Told Senate will *attach debt ceiling* to Harvey relief package it gets from House in next week or two, send it back, and House passes
Rokita angrily confronted a teacher in front of his class bc "American Exceptionalism" wasn't in the curriculum https://t.co/tujbmCrIgd
Rokita made someone scrub his car bc of a volunteer's supposed B.O., &amp; got asked to leave a high school civics class https://t.co/tujbmCrIgd
Must-read by @BrianSlodysko on Todd Rokita's ragey ways: Former aides say GOP lawmaker yelled at staff, docked pay   https://t.co/tujbmCrIgd
Meadows opposes clean debt increase, yet: 	"I don’t know that there’s any recourse that we would have" if leadership goes that route he says
Rep Dent- Harvey shud focus the Hill: "Somebody who’s just been pulled off their roof doesn’t want to hear about our internecine squabbles."
Congress eyes vote next week on Harvey aid   https://t.co/BHzQJdRz40
NEWS: House to act *as early as next week* on Harvey relief.	Story TK
RT @TrishWbelli: AP's David J. Phillip's commanding #Harvey photos dominate front pages. @AP https://t.co/85GdX3JQG9
Good piece by @colvinj: A torn Trump still weighing fate of young immigrants    https://t.co/u6Jl1f6TOs
This must explain DiFi's somewhat mystifying stmt earlier today criticizing Trump on various fronts 	https://t.co/pL5rQQCfSK
GOP Rep Cole: “You’re not going to bully United States senators, this isn’t the Apprentice" https://t.co/dR3QsQm6c4
"So let's put or at least try to put the partisan posturing behind us" says Trump shortly after calling out McCaskill
"Your senator, Claire McCaskill, she must do this for you and if she doesn't do it for you you must vote her out of office" Trump says
Trump says he thinks "Congress is going to make a comeback"
"I don't want to be disappointed by Congress do you understand me?" Trump says pointing at lawmakers in audience
RT @APAndrewTaylor: Another Fun Fact: House GOPers have a vote scheduled next week on an omnibus spending bill that CUTS disaster aid by $8…
NJ, NY lawmakers still fume over Texans trying to stiff them on Sandy-but will turn the other check, via @sppeoples 	https://t.co/UEQP1DFXhu
Some R's pushing the idea that failure on tax reform risks losing the House. From our story today: https://t.co/chDdSS1CF6
@seungminkim I stayed off for two weeks AND viewed a solar eclipse IN TOTALITY
"The drugs are pouring in at levels like nobody's ever seen" - Trump
"You need the wall for the drugs" says Trump	Doubles down on shutdown threat &amp; Mexico will pay
The John Kerry explanation!	https://t.co/THjhboMECh
This @danbalz piece sums it all up with regards to elected R's and Trump  https://t.co/s3VUG93LpI
Republican leaders dance around Trump remarks (from @AP) https://t.co/GodOFwqx6g
Senate R's were already separating from Trump ... then he attacks McConnell ... today Gardner and Rubio challenge him. 	But where it goes..?
Link to C-SPAN Newsmakers- @alweaver22 and I talk w Steven Law of @Senate_Fund -Trump, McConnell, Kid Rock &amp; more!		https://t.co/IYMtVbEzGT
Great @bykowicz scoop! https://t.co/Zsfs0laaTZ
RT @alweaver22: Personally, I can't wait for 2020 when Senator Kid Rock meets with newly-elected President The Rock https://t.co/tf5x3qdML0
RT @HowardMortman: FYI  @ericawerner &amp; @alweaver22 -- here's the Kid Rock / Senate video	 https://t.co/zvcZPHSU0B
Thanks for having me @juliemason !  	https://t.co/TYVcPd6FUr
"Mr Rock, aye" --Music to Sen McConnell's ears?  	Cc @alweaver22 @Senate_Fund  https://t.co/ILAPi3XRwa
RT @POTUSPressPool: .@JulieMason welcomes @EricaWerner to the #PressPool on SXM 124 at 3:30 ET to discuss #Congress' to-do list when they r…
"So if you're watching, Kid, we hope you run!" Law turned to the camera and said 	(seriously)	https://t.co/3xfO1VFkXF
&gt;@alweaver22 and I just did CSPAN Newsmakers w Steven Law of @Senate_Fund and surprised to learn he's bullish on Kid Rock for MI Senate!
@StevenTDennis @nielslesniewski @jamespmanley @hillhulse Makes sense that would be highly uncharacteristic. Thanks.
@nielslesniewski @StevenTDennis @jamespmanley @hillhulse Not that it would happen - does Senate have any rule like House "vacate the chair"?
RT @bykowicz: This is a file photo, zoomed in. But is it not the perfect McConnell expression for the headline? @ericawerner https://t.co/F…
Trump suggests Senate GOP leader must deliver or step aside (from @AP) https://t.co/DtrDwaamr3
McConnell himself and other R's stoked those expectations by making promises on repeal they knew they couldn't keep	https://t.co/4sfNlaNU3l
Full Trump quotes on McConnell https://t.co/zRoXx40Ty1
We moved a corrected NewsAlert on Trump quote on whether McConnell should step down: 'You can ask me that question' if he doesn't deliver
Trump calls failure on health care "a disgrace" that shouldn't have happened as he escalates feud against McConnell .... to what end?
BRIDGEWATER, N.J. (AP) — Trump: 'You can ask the question' whether Senate Leader McConnell should step aside if he can't deliver on agenda.
Study says Trump moves trigger health premium jumps for 2018   https://t.co/Lv8yDGUiQB
If the Ditch Mitch crowd magically succeeded in Ditching Mitch, who do they imagine would replace him? 	https://t.co/M2xZNqbBT1
ICYMI GOP efforts on health care thus far akin to Dunkirk, according to Sen Wicker (ie just a 'setback')	https://t.co/8DV1iJZ2IN
So true SMK. 	But Trump is right McConnell repeatedly pledged repeal "root and branch" albeit in measured tones	https://t.co/zxTpT9NvSJ
@StevenTDennis That was fun! Thanks Steve.
-RonJohn attacks McCain	-McCain tweets anti-Bannon editorial 	-Trump attacks McConnell		(INCOMPLETE account of today's sniping cc @bykowicz)
Wow RonJohn  https://t.co/0eCeRRrUQD
RT @GeoffRBennett: Trump's first order was aimed at weakening Obamacare. And it takes years, not months, to "modernize our arsenal." https:…
Back when the best-known threat to Guam was imaginary &amp; fun ..  	https://t.co/6WSTEbstjb
AP noted absence of Trump endorsement in the AL race earlier today ... 	https://t.co/AAWMPXZCg5
.... and now he has, endorsing Strange 	https://t.co/AZTTVDZmAv
RT @bykowicz: Trump just weighed in with a pro-Strange tweet.  https://t.co/oivNlceyDC
RT @scottwongDC: Kim Jong Un calling Trump's bluff https://t.co/EHfLjsYRr2
Trump could settle next week's Ala Senate primary with a tweet, but he hasn't. 	Instead tweets about Blumenthal  https://t.co/r4ZhPRQYg8
RT @bykowicz: Remember the tea party primaries? "X factor now is the appeal Trump may hold to Republican primary voters — and what Trump hi…
And a Heller tidbit: Remember when he gave away Trump's pvs donations after 'rapists' comment? 	Trump probly does https://t.co/r4ZhPRQYg8
NRSC sought White House help on Senate races -- pleas went unanswered under Reince, we report 	 https://t.co/r4ZhPRQYg8
Regarding GOP Senate primaries, w/ @bykowicz and @tombeaumont today   https://t.co/r4ZhPRQYg8
@jbendery As a non-viewer of Game of Thrones I feel I'm currently in a challenging reporting environment
@StevenTDennis They should meet up at Centrolina and drink cosmopolitans
McConnell will spend millions. But the real question: What does Trump do, in Nevada, Alabama or Arizona? https://t.co/FBorrOcIdQ
AP's @TomBeaumont scoops Tarkanian's decision to challenge Heller ... a long-shot, but a bothersome one https://t.co/FBorrOcIdQ
@mattdizwhitlock @seungminkim You might want to save your eclipse jokes not shoot your wad now Matt ..
@seungminkim You will thank the town elders during the eclipse
RT @sbauerAP: . @SpeakerRyan has been doing a lot of events in Wisconsin lately, this story examines why https://t.co/1htiGiVGCO
@mattdizwhitlock @TrendsDC If you accomplish nothing else in your life Matt ...
Thanks @HallieJackson loved spending the hour with you, @GeoffRBennett, @IsaacDovere and others!	https://t.co/7m8qgaVHGk
RT @AP_CorpComm: Look for @AP Congressional Correspondent @ericawerner updating Russia probe, North Korea sanctions on @MSNBC 10a ET. https…
Rest up, Congress, there's a load of work awaiting in autumn (from @AP) https://t.co/csmfZLPXMH
Lawsuit accuses GOP of fraud for failing to repeal Obamacare	https://t.co/crkN97qg7T
RT @etuckerAP: Sessions vows crackdown on leaks of classified information (from @AP) https://t.co/Q5GGLaE0gH
Susan Collins tells @DanaBashCNN  "The president can't set red lines for Robert Mueller."
Senate is wrapping up and UC'ing a whole bunch of stuff ... including National Estuaries Week!
Congress recessing, leaving much undone, tensions with Trump   https://t.co/A5hbW5TISq
@kelsey_snell This was nom my fault
@kelsey_snell Are you the official recorder of nom nom noms today?
This is some serious nom nom nom on the Senate floor right now
Now isn't this sweet. As @hillhulse wrote a couple days ago Zinke has every reason to try to kiss and make up.	https://t.co/Y9EFVZNR3X
RT @frankthorp: NO FURTHER ROLL CALL VOTES TODAY (OR ALL MONTH).		#Recess
Blunt was responding to Trump tweet blaming Congress on Russia. Blunt also said: "I think I'd thank Putin for that, not Congress."
BLUNT: "I'm sure a lot of people said bad things about me today and the Congress today, and the president would be in that group, I guess."
"I was shocked by that" Sen Toomey tells me re Trump tweet. 		Says Putin not Congress to blame. 	https://t.co/gDn9Ms9akq
Sadly Senate will be lingering around town tomorrow instead of finishing up work tonight and leaving.
I and other reporters got numerous emails from Stephen Miller in 2013 pushing these ideas he’s now announcing as WH policy.	Still amazes.
Corker blowing off Trump's unusual signing stmt on sanctions bill. 	"Whatever" and "I don’t think of anything of it" were among his reax.
Even if true that could only happen if it passed which it won't	https://t.co/l1USx9vJeq
@jestei This is interesting news. I assumed I just wasn't getting invited.
WASHINGTON (AP) — White House official: Trump signs sanctions against Russia as punishment for election meddling.
Durbin came to floor to thank Trump.	"I do appreciate personally that this president has kept the DACA program in place."
@BrendanBuck @riccimike Please share Mike what is your burning question for Brendan?
McConnell on the floor: "This won’t be an easy process but the people we represent are depending on us for help."		(Tax reform that is)
Mulvaney on CNN: "“The president isn’t giving up on health care and neither should the Senate.”	They already did and may leave town today.
Trump's fundraising prowess keeps Republican Party close - Must-read by @bykowicz  https://t.co/VRGubHVHMZ
@jbendery well they just uc'd a bunch of noms and Mcconnell filed cloture on FDA, so...
With baby steps, Senate Republicans abandoning the president (from @AP) https://t.co/45TMVgXArl
Interesting gaggle with Sen Corker @alexis_levinson @WaPoSean @jeremyherb @nataliewsj https://t.co/nYK4UHUC5Y
@burgessev Your absence from Twitter has been noted today. 	We hope it means good news on the 👶front 	Keep us posted!
Cornyn on the floor acknowledging any path forward on health care will have to be bipartisan
Health bill collapsed but Dean Heller's vote for it will pursue him through 2018	Opponent Jacky Rosen digital ad 	https://t.co/bUJPkSD0BI
McCONNELL: "Sen Schumer and the Treasury secretary and I had a good meeting."	Any details?	"Yep. we had a good meeting''	ht @MatthewDalyWDC
Schumer spox -&gt;	https://t.co/svnLTaiUGs
Is Sen McConnell your enemy?	https://t.co/jUMs3oF9v7
@johnjdonahue Haha. This seems to be a defining characteristic of several of my college friends' parents (Julie's mom does too)
Pre-election Jeff Flake is back, baby!	https://t.co/KbqM9T1s4W
R's ignoring Trump on health care.	Thune: "Until we have a path forward that gets us 50 votes in the Senate we've got other things to do."
No. 3 Republican Sen Thune asked about this nuke option tweet says it's "just not a realistic suggestion"	https://t.co/881P3CaUlj
"I don't think he's got much experience in the Senate ..he's got a big job he oughta do that job and let us do our jobs"- Cornyn re Mulvaney
Hatch now disagreeing w/ earlier self, says: "We're going to have to face it and try and do what needs to be done."	https://t.co/NH6lFIgKno
Hatch says Trump is going to move Mooch "into the Ex-Im bank ... that's what it looks like to me."
"If the question is do I think we should stay on health care until we get it done, I think it's time to move on to something else" - Blunt
"We're just thinking about everything right now" - Cornyn's answer on health care
The words "health care" did not cross Sen McConnell's lips as he opened the Senate this afternoon 	https://t.co/4NXrAllO23
Early Trump backer Lou Barletta WILL challenge Sen Casey per AP's Marc Levy @timelywriter https://t.co/KvaYiJ79lU
GOP fears political fallout after health care 'epic fail' (from @AP) https://t.co/FfjQ8xidIw
Obamacare: The social program with 9 lives (from @AP) https://t.co/Dxuk1ip56N
A wild week highlights White House, Congress divide (from @AP) https://t.co/8vLz2gxGbO
GOP blame-a-thon over health bill crash, but no clear path (from @AP) https://t.co/kvoGd1G16p
McCain, expected to save health bill, became the executioner (from @AP) https://t.co/FDZHL8FcRA
Why the mystery? Just tell us now while we're writing our tick-tocks	https://t.co/cNuhHuVuPE
Trump: "They should have approved health care last night but you can't have everything boy oh boy ... the swamp .. "
Steve King https://t.co/kJvI1vEKsm
RT @AP_Politics: Hero or villain? Sen. McCain spent years criticizing Obama's health care law, before sparing it: https://t.co/67NCsQpJO8
@kelsey_snell This is a really nice song.
McCain mocked Graham at the time and said maybe someone in Togo had that phone. 	Graham noted that Schumer did too	https://t.co/dRJfvRixug
"I hope last night was a magic moment that changes all that" Schumer concludes.		Referring to partisanship and everything bad in DC.
Good point, Rep Charlie Dent: "The president never really laid out core principles and tried to sell them to the American people."
sigh 	https://t.co/R4oGfJzhHA
Dead tree editions feature some "Dewey Defeats Truman" headlines this morning https://t.co/NMGkiGgftP
RT @WaPoSean: MUST-READ blow-by-blow by @edatpost: The night John McCain killed the GOP’s health-care fight: https://t.co/S0w64bekEw
When he returned to Senate despite brain tumor McCain looked like health bill's savior. 	He became its executioner.  https://t.co/kvoGd1G16p
WASHINGTON (AP) — Senate votes decisively to slap new sanctions on Russia, Iran and North Korea, sends measure to Trump for his signature.
RT @DaviSusan: And he's ready to vote for it. As long as it doesn't become law. Simple! https://t.co/6M14EVJNTC
Johnson says he's been texting with Paul Ryan - but hasn't received the guarantee he needs about going to conference
Lindsey Graham received a perturbing phone call from Mark Meadows which is what generated this concern about the House passing the skinny
What will constitute an acceptable guarantee from Paul Ryan?		"It’s like pornography you’ll know it when you see it" Graham says
Also passing skinny bill would be "the dumbest thing in history" Graham adds
Skinny bill is a "fraud," "disaster," "pig in a poke" and also "half-assed" - per Graham
Graham, McCain, Johnson announcing they won't vote for skinny w/out assurances from Ryan that it will go to conference, not pass House
We've had "vote no hope yes" but now it's "vote yes hope no" (h/t @DonnaCassataAP on that thought) 	https://t.co/hQ3XdcM3rE
So bizarre - Senate trying to pass something they actively don't want the House to pass. When has this happened?	https://t.co/rTzoNLANEV
"What is the skinny on the skinny bill?" &lt;-- Question I am hoping someone, maybe @burgessev, asks McConnell at some point today
Sen Alexander was just on the floor justifying his flip-flop on straight repeal (voted yes in 2015, no yesterday) https://t.co/RlVwqzs70Y
Huddle w/ Schumer, McConnell, McCain on floor.Schumer heard saying approx "You want cooperation on NDAA, we want cooperation on health care"
Schumer on floor mentions seeing Sen Alexander in the gym this morning and shares what T-shirts each were wearing (Syracuse, TN Volunteers)
@seungminkim Are you on the Wheaties payroll
GOP eyes narrow bill to advance goal on "Obamacare" repeal (from @AP) https://t.co/2SLnq3kxin
As @ehampsten points out, tomorrow was supposed to be the start of August recess and instead it is vote-a-rama.	Sad!
Sen Cruz says I'm a "wild-eyed optimist" for suggesting vote-a-rama could end 3am Friday
@kelsey_snell You should do it @burgessev has too many tweets anyway
Alexander , No!	https://t.co/VBJBeHnsUg
No heads-up to Senate leaders on transgender change. "I read about it when you reported it," No. 3 Republican Thune tells @asfram
"I don't really follow Twitter that much" Murkowski says in response to Trump's attack on her
Helpful primer by the incomparable @APAndrewTaylor on what may lie ahead on health debate https://t.co/lfvBCfbC3m
Some think House passes Senate "skinny bill," everyone declares victory. 	Others think conference. 	Still others admit they are clueless.
@kelsey_snell You ran 7.4 miles at 12:05 am? 	Or do I not understand how this works
McCain: "If this process ends in failure, which seems likely, then let’s return to regular order."
Protesters erupt. "Kill the bill! Kill the bill!"	McConnell asks Sergeant at Arms to clear Chamber.
"Let the voting take us where it will" McConnell says.		And where that is, no one knows for sure.
McConnell: 	"The president is ready with his pen. The House has passed legislation. Today, it’s the Senate’s turn."
Get ready.	Senators at their desks. 	Police outside the chamber.	Senate will finally vote to start debate on Obamacare repeal.
RT @Emma_Dumain: .@kelsey_snell and @ericawerner GET IT https://t.co/5QGGURvkKA
Sen Lee still undecided on health vote as of this morning 		Dramatic day ahead
WOW - McCain back tomorrow
RT @alexis_levinson: 2020 watch: Warren mobbed by adoring receiving line leaving event.		Klobuchar stands watching. Local cop asks her what…
Schumer impatiently awaits CNN hit "Matt it's crazy I'm sitting here waiting they want to ask about Kushner I know nothing about Kushner."
RT @burgessev: TV nets are all on Kush as Schumer announces Democratic rebranding
Democrats. 	"We're back!" Schumer says. https://t.co/AZj6odLiJ9
The opposition has arrived and are promising some kind of "prank" https://t.co/MnwIHBUWPG
Nevermind "all good"	https://t.co/WFspqp8VB7
@MikePLong I'm just gonna keep on writing my lighthearted brief about the former CBO directors' letter, which I'm sure will be widely read ..
Fascinating from our new poll: 62% say it's gov't responsibility to make sure all have health care, vs 52% in March 	https://t.co/eOOAnThJm8
RT @AP_Politics: Analysis: Congressional Republicans getting to know failure as achievement eludes them, reports @ericawerner:	https://t.co…
The quote that could define this debate  	https://t.co/AiYiiXJZZ1
Heller: "My goal is to get Gov. Sandoval and President Trump on the same page."
NYT-TRUMP:Well, I say, let’s not vote on repeal. Let’s just vote on this. So first, they vote on the vote. And that happens sometime Friday?
Corker says the process on the health bill now resembles a "Persian bazaar"
.. He then took it to his hideaway to eat, apparently not wanting to join the GOP senators lunch today	https://t.co/65dG3NCF66
Sen Heller went for the taco salad https://t.co/oNexT1St3z
RT @AP_Politics: BREAKING: Congressional Budget Office: Revised GOP health bill would increase number of uninsured people by 22 million in…
This is re KY lawyer John Bush who's equated abortion and slavery... Senate to confirm him to 6th circuit shortly. 	https://t.co/ghBK44fgAU
McConnell lecturing Franken, "I HOPE I HAVE AT LEAST REFRESHED THE MEMORY OF MY FRIEND FROM MINNESOTA" 	https://t.co/S9DqJNQ3ed
@burgessev @jeremyherb How does standing still allow him to stay in shape
@frankthorp @seungminkim That is nuts. So glad you survived SMK.
AP-NORC poll: Negotiate on 'Obamacare,' don't just kill it   https://t.co/XJ6sqhyHLX
Roberts re lunch: “There wasn’t anybody that didn’t get a chance to say something, and most of it was very pertinent and some of it wasn’t.”
"I think that the president is not too little too late." - Marc Short
What senators will/may vote to proceed to next week is currently unknown/widely misunderstood/subject to change - FYI
Murkowski on whether she's still no on MTP: "We don't know what the motion to proceed is for all certainty."
Sen Roberts says every senator at the WH lunch got a folder like this detailing changes for their states https://t.co/9Y5btSWkps
A day after saying time to let Obamacare collapse. Just wow.	https://t.co/r01K9miIbA
Heller was seated next to Trump. At one point, Trump said, "He wants to remain senator, doesn't he?" via @KThomasDC
RT @KThomasDC: TRUMP to GOP senators on health care: "We shouldn't leave town until this is complete, until this bill is on my desk."
For history, my transcript of the moments leading up to and including Sen Moran's leap over the Senate subway tracks yesterday https://t.co/JhUFK9D9EQ
And it will take magic	https://t.co/UmUaHR4XtR
Sen Burr is ordering lunch in the Senate carry out. 	Not going to WH while investigation under way he says.
"At lunch??" Capito asks incredulously when asked if she anticipates getting to yes.
RT @sppeoples: Club For Growth and Tea Party Patriots launching new website today: “Traitorous Republicans.” Targets are Murkowski, Portman…
Sen Cruz: "We will look like fools" if we don't deliver on Obamacare repeal	He and others still insisting there is a deal to be had
RT @philipaklein: 36 hours of Trump:	Repeal it now and replace later.	Just sit back and let Obamacare fail.	GOP bill is great and will get…
Ryan gave a long defense of the (dead) BAT this am	Trump lunching with sens on (dead) health bill	Some kind of pattern here
This was on Mike Gallagher show where he also named "welfare reform" as a top agenda item for rest of year (SNAP work requirements?)
Forget health care disaster - Ryan says they're "rockin' and rollin'" in the House and have passed more bills than anyone else at this time
GOP sens heading to lunch today at WH after Trump asks McConnell to delay vote sealing health care doom. 	Did this in June &amp; didn't help.
Analysis: Trump unlikely to avoid blame for health care loss   https://t.co/iaZJypj8jf
@seungminkim Accurate illustration except she's not holding a bottle of wine
Following the deaths of 3 consecutive GOP health bills in the Senate, Trump has engaged &amp; invited all R sens to lunch tomorrow to discuss
Motion to proceed vote on health care will be "early next week" McConnell says
"The crusade that animated — and bound — conservatives for seven years proved to be a mirage, an objective without a solution." - @danbalz
A political leap last night for Moran, and then a literal one in a moment that captured today. AP Photo @andyharnik 	https://t.co/pLOOt5BmmB
Wow. 	"Well we have a new Supreme Court justice" McConnell says when asked how he'll justify failure on health care to voters
"This has been a very very challenging experience for all of us" McConnell says
"Spirited discussion"	He also said "I'm for a vote that succeeds" which doesn't seem like it's on the table  	https://t.co/6p20mPuYiH
Eleven governors on a bipartisan letter clearly rejecting McConnell's approach https://t.co/D8AHSRH6nE
Perdue on a clean repeal vote: "Were going to find out if there's hypocrisy in the United States Senate in the next few days I'm afraid."
RT @andyharnik: .@JerryMoran jumps the tracks of the Senate subway on Capitol Hill to get around a large gathering of reporters as he arriv…
"The way I look at it is, in ‘18, we’re going to have to get some more people elected" says Trump	He has undermined that goal in MT for one
As @asfram points out it's the revenge of the GOP women - Capito, Collins, Murkowski - all frozen out of the initial health working group
He was looking quite agile. First time I've seen that. 	https://t.co/HDPfauG8TO
WASHINGTON (AP) — Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski to oppose moving ahead on repealing health care law, leaving Republicans short of votes.
Murkowski: "I'm a no"
"It says we need more Republicans." - Hatch on what this says about the GOP's ability to govern.
"I love them so it doesn't change my love for them" - Hatch on Sens Collins and Capito
Protesters approaching the Capitol just now. But this morning, they already won. https://t.co/99aIfJafSM
Ryan said this am "just pass something so we can go to conference" or words to that effect per mbrs 		Also said not to beat up on Senate
Ryan: "We'd like to see the Senate move on something ... We've got a promise to keep."
Real talk from SMK. Pin this tweet!	https://t.co/Tp8sRZL0Do
Also congressional Republicans were let down by Trump's mixed messages and failure to engage or sell their bill 	https://t.co/XgiRKw45jD
McCain, others asking to start over with a bipartisan process. 	McConnell does the opposite... and will prove repeal-only can't pass.
RT @burgessev: The key here is they still need to vote to get on the bill ... no guarantee of that. https://t.co/0xAEe72ex3
@StevenTDennis About @burgessev eating his shoe you mean? That's already out on twitter
@MEPFuller Oh, well I haven't actually seen that movie. Perhaps I missed the subtleties of your tweet.
I don't know about that. R's seem pretty OK with defying McConnell these days  	https://t.co/ByMKena0nc
Moran and Lee held hands and jumped so there was no unlucky No 3  ... Leaving Dean Heller and others breathing sighs of relief no doubt
Johnson has not spoken with McConnell about this, plans to raise tmrw at lunch. Is no longer urging support for MTP 	https://t.co/Ng6qQvqCHS
Johnson accuses McConnell of a "breach of trust" for telling other sens Medicaid cuts will never happen	Johnson says he's confirmed w/ sens
Graham says McCain sounding good and "for the sake of his family I hope he leaves in a week he'll drive them crazy"
@RalstonReports @AlisonNoon Alison was kind enough to partner with me on her very last day at AP and will be greatly missed. Thank you and good luck!!!
There are no small weather ledes, only small reporters, Burgess	https://t.co/CM0EY3HmtV
@burgessev @mattdizwhitlock Please stop
Not sure if this McCain development foils McConnell's plans or gives him a welcome excuse
RT @juliehdavis: White House aides Marc Short &amp; Brian Blase pen op-ed prebutting CBO score of health care bill, say it will be "little more…
@burgessev @TobyTango Call your shadow senator then
@conncarroll You're an inspiration
Nevada Sen. Dean Heller is the man to watch on health bill   https://t.co/Ax4RMhcuvc
@dylanlscott The Vegas Jackpot 	(did someone already say that? )
@jamespmanley @RalstonReports Either way there's something karmic about Heller being in this position
Props to @BrianSlodysko 	https://t.co/OYq468Md6h
The latest from Cornyn, via @apwillweissert who sat down with him today in Texas https://t.co/Or0Pq4O1Lt
Mark Meadows gaggling and sounding positive on Senate health care bill. talking w Cruz on tweaks and presuming all good wld take bill as-is
RT @byrdinator: not sure, but it would have to be a Heller of a Deal https://t.co/HthpkdgFej
McConnell won by not losing yesterday and has the upper hand 	https://t.co/vzRftZHQXn
Pelosi: "House Democrats are not going to let the Republicans off the hook for their complicity in this ... They have become enablers."
Pelosi calling for Kushner's security clearance to be revoked, vote on independent commission
New Senate GOP health care bill teeters on the brink   https://t.co/Pbgr01WnfO
More from Sandoval, via @JenMcDermottAP at govs mtg in RI https://t.co/9VW0qJcGCo
AP's @JenMcDermottAP caught Sandoval at Govs mtg in RI.	Expresses "great concern." 	Will talk to Heller tonight.
RT @mikedebonis: Hartzler amendment to bar gender reassignment therapy for servicemembers is DEFEATED 214-209.
Your persistence paid off @jenhab! Meanwhile burgess has been tweeting about how happy he is the Senate's gone	https://t.co/eDCul03VHi
RT @jenhab: Heller tells me he's undecided on motion to proceed to Obamacare bill
Someone talked to Heller	https://t.co/Enr905Omi6
@burgessev "In its zeal for hard work, the Senate has completed another laborious week by passing a whopping total of three nominations." - McCain
RT @burgessev: @ericawerner I've detected no readings on my Heller radar
@frankthorp "In its zeal for hard work"
Hoeven on McConnell's ask just now: 	"He’s asking everybody to work with him and a lot of us are saying yeah and we’ve got more work to do."
Has Heller still evaded everyone @burgessev ?
Trump: "I'd say the only thing more difficult than peace between Israel and the Palestinians is healthcare."
We have not heard from Heller, who is under pursuit by a large pack of reporters. 	But we may end today with 2 NO votes - and none to spare.
@kelsey_snell Now that you've tweeted about it he'll probably get an Uber
Sen Lee undecided on MTP
Former Sen Landrieu who lost her seat over Obamacare is in the Senate today. 		"I'm still proud of that vote!" she says
Susan Collins says she's informed McConnell she's a NO on the motion to proceed
Rand Paul is a NO on the bill and the motion to proceed - per spox
Senate mob scene even worse than usual https://t.co/oYttA9anXl
@seungminkim @brianefallon In fact SMK came by my desk just a few minutes ago to complain about all this, and was quite modestly clad
Some changes around the edges, but the Medicaid cuts remain https://t.co/AsXVZHez4Y
Sen Thune: "We've got a long way ahead of us yet. The floor is going to be a wild place next week."
Cruz, for one, is having a good day as his amendment is included		"That's a big deal for lowering premiums and for consumer freedom."
New bill is now up		https://t.co/mqXI8L5rlG
Meanwhile in the House, Speaker Ryan announces dress code will be "updated"!
What a vote of confidence in McConnell's bill as Cassidy and Graham go on CNN moments ahead of its release to unveil an alternative
@burgessev Thanks for the update Burgess keep us posted on your plans
RT @bykowicz: "The White House has not responded to a request for comment about who Jim is or whether he will be on the trip." https://t.co…
Ryan pledges action on Russia sanctions amid CIA concerns   https://t.co/pIafTEytkg
"I will be very angry" if Congress doesn't pass health care Trump says in CBN intvu https://t.co/GHoANOGahv
Corker losing patience w/House on Russia sanctions: 	“Dilly-dallying around about the blue slip issue was just a ridiculous waste of time.”