Good video https://t.co/q2EVmxY8mD
https://t.co/EHLFtdAaTq
Amazing! https://t.co/4JXJRqppf7
How Is This Car Still Moving? https://t.co/4JXJRqppf7
Stop It! ...Good Brake Care https://t.co/4npweZVTVB
Gerbig's Osage Auto Service: Nine Facts About Engine Timing Systems https://t.co/pkRu6cFuDg
HOPE ALL YOU PEEPS HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!! : ) RT @JuneStoyer: Friends of #Bees @wrenmeyers @maggiemaybecraf @MonetCourt @debsylee @bcuban
Have a ROCKIN' WEEKEND!! : ) RT @rbconklin1: TY #FF #Creative @jgmacleodauthor @stanzazone @palwwrites @danikolsen @LjRamones @newfrontiergirl @zana66771848
Most Crash Reports DON'T Catch All The Crucial Information (STUDY FINDS) https://t.co/ql0MRe16PQ https://t.co/ql0MRe16PQ
take care of your body. it's the only place you have to live in. Jim Rohn
Nothing tastes as good as being thin feels. Elizabeth Berg
YELP STOCK DOWNGRADED https://t.co/BFw6kKRvVe
Daytona 500 Flipbook https://t.co/5cRiAxRlFZ
1947 WEDDING DRESS -super cool! https://t.co/i7JdJ9lg7F
DIABETES BREAKTHROUGH? https://t.co/O978eM1hyd
How to correct a slide on an icy road (and how to prevent them) - Winter driving education https://t.co/n8Nxm7RGik
Have a rockin' weekend! : ) https://t.co/ar5TVm9nEs
NEWS RELEASE:  Hot Wheels® Live Action Movie (WARNER BROS) coming!!... https://t.co/Z2atewASU3
5 Things You DEFINITELY Shouldn't Keep in Cold Car!...	https://t.co/qgqCbBGWR5 https://t.co/qgqCbBGWR5
I agree! : ) https://t.co/Dy4Bza2Qzm
How sweet! : ) https://t.co/ZjbeoXiJhA
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters. 	Audrey Hepburn
Experts share winter car maintenance tips to keep you from getting stranded https://t.co/WdRUYgOMaW
Vintage Bally Black Leather Riding Boots from '70's size 7 by newprairiestore https://t.co/utKfmlWCE2 via @Etsy
Could you drive your grandparents' car today? https://t.co/J2Ib6etHY9
RT @tinastullracing: Starting to snow. https://t.co/h1mNheOmnr
https://t.co/1Y8dgC7SXs https://t.co/1Y8dgC7SXs
We Found Muscle Cars Stashed in an Old Department Store - Hot Rod Network https://t.co/DYu5La4XkT
https://t.co/UGgwgFEhX9
https://t.co/6XFicRx8cB
RARE MOMENT...the holidays must've worn these two out, lol!
https://t.co/gwWwD8Rcat
25 Car Replicas From TV And Film That Run On The Streets Today https://t.co/WhfihBIprr
Blow, blow, thou winter wind, thou art not so unkind as man's ingratitude.     	William Shakespeare
The color of springtime is in the flowers; the color of winter is in the imagination.     	Terri Guillemets
In a way Winter is the real Spring - the time when the inner things happen, the resurgence of nature.	Edna O'Brien
Perhaps I am a bear, or some hibernating animal underneath, for the instinct to be half asleep all winter is so strong in me.     	Anne Morrough Lindbergh
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.	William Blake
Welcome, winter. Your late dawns and chilled breath make me lazy, but I love you nonetheless. 	Terri Guillemets
What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness.     	John Steinbeck
beautiful! RT @lukas_corso: La solitudine dell'anima	Ph. Jason Peterson https://t.co/sPcmVGLgqO
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale. Hans Christian Andersen
Whenever I don't have to wear makeup, it's a good day. Cameron Diaz
No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind. Taylor Swift
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone. Audrey Hepburn
Rare Metals: the California Automobile Museum - Motor Trend https://t.co/ImhafE9h5z
how true that is! RT @MatthewStover7: Edison also emphasized that his discovering what doesn't work was just as valuable as his discovering what does
have a nice week (is it Monday for you?!) : ) RT @JohnGDryden: Hey @newfrontiergirl, Thank you for the follow!
very welcome...have a nice Sunday! RT @JohnGDryden: Hey @newfrontiergirl, Thank you for the follow!
The Enchanted Village of Lights is sooo worth it and the lake is beautiful this time of year - quiet and restful : ) RT @tieafly: Cool! May have to make a day trip to the lake!
Trivia question:  How many paintings did Van Gogh sell in his lifetime?......................................................................While he created more than 900 paintings, Van Gogh SOLD ONLY ONE  during his lifetime, "Red Vineyard at Arles"
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters. Audrey Hepburn
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!  Audrey Hepburn
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then. Lewis Carroll
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Winston S. Churchill
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. Thomas A. Edison
Dieting is the only game where you win when you lose! Karl Lagerfeld
Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants. Michael Pollan
The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it. Tricia Cunningham
I want to calm down, to rest, to outlive this nonsense. Anne Sexton
The way you help heal the world is you start with your own family. Mother Teresa
We are healed of a suffering only by experiencing it to the full. Marcel Proust
The #java is sure tasting good this cold winter morning in #Missouri...just got back from a walk with my dog : )
https://t.co/7Rmv97q2Rx
https://t.co/WKIJt1vVaJ
More from the Enchanted Village of Lights, Lake of the Ozarks, Missouri ...a HUGE drive through Christmas light display https://t.co/jbwK6k3DMm
A beautiful place .... Enchanted Village of Lights, Lake of the Ozarks, Missouri #lakeoftheozarks #christmas https://t.co/WbPIWEBxTc
RT @JackPosobiec: Class https://t.co/hwS1Ol31TD
Where we’re going, we won’t need windows: How autonomy will change cars https://t.co/p0ye66B23N
The will 2 win, the desire 2 succeed, the urge 2 reach ur full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door 2 personal excellence. Confucius
@Rickhusker thanks for the birthday wishes!!
Missin' warmer weather and #boating at the #lakeoftheozarks in #missouri !! https://t.co/qoBAdRMyHq
https://t.co/FpqmCpPqOD
Reduce the stress levels in your life through relaxation techniques like meditation, deep breathing, and exercise. You'll look and feel way better for it. Suzanne Somers
I think of exercise as the father of the body and nutrition as the mother. Mandy Ingber
Hope all you peeps are safe and warm this morning...
Training gives us an outlet for suppressed energies created by stress and thus tones the spirit just as exercise conditions the body. Arnold Schwarzenegger
No disease that can be treated by diet should be treated with any other means. Maimonides
We never repent of having eaten too little. Thomas Jefferson
In general, mankind, since the improvement of cookery, eats twice as much as nature requires. Benjamin Franklin
Food is an important part of a balanced diet. Fran Lebowitz
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people. Orson Welles
You can be the most beautiful person on Earth, and if you don't have a fitness or diet routine, you won't be beautiful. Martha Stewart
Be grateful for what you already have. Set aside the time to take care of yourself, too. Mandy Ingber
My schedule goes: wake up, running, exercise, downstairs, running shoes off, then to the shower. That's the Jackie Chan diary. Jackie Chan
The most important thing I want to get across is that maintaining weight loss is just hard. It takes a dedication to exercise and eating right most of the time. Trisha Yearwood
Look at the average American diet: ice cream, butter, cheese, whole milk, all this fat. People don't realize how much of this stuff you get by the end of the day. High blood pressure is from all this high-fat eating. Jack LaLanne
Nothing burns more calories than dancing in 5-inch heels... try it! Ariana Grande
People have got to learn: if they don't have cookies in the cookie jar, they can't eat cookies. Suze Orman
I have a two-story house and a bad memory, so I'm up and down those stairs all the time. That's my exercise. Betty White
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach. Arnold Schwarzenegger
An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. Irv Kupcinet
Exercise, prayer, and meditation are examples of calming rituals. They have been shown to induce a happier mood and provide a positive pathway through life's daily frustrations. Chuck Norris
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise. Gene Tunney
Is a cold and icy morning in Missouri...a hot cup of #java sure hits the spot!
An optimist understands that life can be a bumpy road, but at least it is leading somewhere. They learn from mistakes and failures, and are not afraid to fail again.  Harvey Mackay
If a fellow isn't thankful for what he's got, he isn't likely to be thankful for what he's going to get.  Frank A. Clark
Roll with the punches and enjoy every minute of it. Meghan Markle
Happiness is the best makeup.  Drew Barrymore
Being happy never goes out of style.  Lilly Pulitzer
Embrace the glorious mess that you are.  Elizabeth Gilbert
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.  Swami Sivananda
Motivation comes from working on things we care about.  Sheryl Sandberg
yes, I agree!  : ) RT @Zoomm01: Sure do. A sure spot in good Classic music.
Be patient with yourself. Nothing in nature blooms all year.  Unknown
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create. Roy T. Bennett
A good laugh is sunshine in the house.  William Makepeace Thackeray
Everything will fall into place, just be patient.  Unknown
Nothing can dim the light which shines from within.  Maya Angelou
Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive.  Hafez
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.  Albert Camus
I would rather sit on a pumpkin, and have it all to myself, than be crowded on a velvet cushion.  Henry David Thoreau
Winter is an etching, spring a watercolor, summer an oil painting, and autumn a mosaic of them all. Stanley Horowitz
https://t.co/ZdRDWdoozP
What I love best in life is new starts. Karl Lagerfeld
likely would say "you're lucky" (as long as good nutrition)...i used to watch him on TV and he was big on eating right RT @Ladydarksky: i barely eat so i wonder what he would say to me
that could do it! : ) RT @Easycure: Or have kids and forget about how you feel.
The only way you get that fat off is to eat less and exercise more. Jack LaLanne
You can't be fat and fast, too; so lift, run, diet and work. Hank Stram
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people. Orson Welles
Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me. Jesus Christ
In general, losing weight is a good thing for those who are overweight, but it's important to lose weight in a way that enhances your health rather than one that may compromise it. Dean Ornish
Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other. John Adams
There are six components of wellness: proper weight and diet, proper exercise, breaking the smoking habit, control of alcohol, stress management and periodic exams. Kenneth H. Cooper
Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth. George Washington
When I played in the sandbox, the cat kept covering me up. Rodney Dangerfield
Pasta doesn't make you fat. How much pasta you eat makes you fat. Giada De Laurentiis
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments. Bethenny Frankel
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person. Andy Rooney
Castle Ruins at Ha Ha Tonka State Park in #Missouri https://t.co/bX1ZNufZ3z
Politics in the true sense, have to do with the prosperity, peace and security of the people. Henry Ford
We live in a world that has walls and those walls need to be guarded by men with guns. Aaron Sorkin, A Few Good Men
possibly I am vintage, also?? : )  RT @EileenLingard1: Three of these are currently in use.Have I achieved vintage status as well?
The 50 greatest cars of the past 20 years https://t.co/adWJg4vVUA
Scientists have found carbon fibre that stores electricity https://t.co/bGuty8UOuA
At the drive-in: McDonald’s classic car collection up for auction https://t.co/jRAAy1Xd8o
Be Prepared During Winter https://t.co/PF3t7pecD9
Who cares about winning? We should focus on serving. Justin Trudeau
Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering. Nicole Krauss, The History Of Love
It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight. Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable. Bruce Lee
People just don't understand how obsessed I am with winning. Kobe Bryant
If all else perished and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger. Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights
The hardness of a diamond is part of its usefulness, but its true value is in the light that shines through it. B.K.S. Iyengar, Light on Life
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. Bruce Lee
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done. Bruce Lee
Yoga allows you to find a new kind of freedom that you may not have known even existed.	 B.K.S. Iyengar, Light on Life
Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that's beautiful. Milan Kundera
Friends are the siblings God never gave us. Mencius
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love. Sophocles
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace. Christie Brinkley
he secret to winning is constant, consistent management. Tom Landry
You learn more from losing than winning. You learn how to keep going. Morgan Wootten
Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness. Ayn Rand
Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.  Marcel Proust
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. Marcus Aurelius
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. Thomas A. Edison
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.  Albert Einstein
Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile.  Mother Teresa
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters. Audrey Hepburn
https://t.co/DbNxFX6pOv https://t.co/DbNxFX6pOv
A motorcycle coming down from 30 feet at 70 mph gives you a terrible jolt. Evel Knievel
A long healthy life is no accident. It begins with good genes, but it also depends on good habits. Dan Buettner
Anybody can jump a motorcycle. The trouble begins when you try to land it. Evel Knievel
In a mad world, only the mad are sane.	Akiro Kurosawa
#Business is never so healthy as when, like a chicken, it must do a certain amount of scratching around for what it gets. Henry Ford
5 Warning Signs You Need New Tires https://t.co/7YQNGGUq6R
Survival can be summed up in three words - never give up. That's the heart of it really. Just keep trying. Bear Grylls
I decided to fly through the air and live in the sunlight and enjoy life as much as I could. Evel Knievel
https://t.co/RdK47ArKCU
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. Mark Twain
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself. Joseph Campbell
Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes. Hugh Prather
The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others. Albert Schweitzer
I have a lot to be thankful for. I am healthy, happy and I am loved. Reba McEntire
To keep your skin looking healthy and young, wear a hat. Mia Sara
What a wonderful life I’ve had! I only wish I’d realized it sooner. Colette
Life is a journey that must be traveled no matter how bad the roads and accommodations. Oliver Goldsmith
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. Voltaire
If you're at high risk or are trying to reverse heart disease or prevent the recurrence of cancer, you probably need to make bigger changes in diet and lifestyle than someone who just wants to lose a few pounds and is otherwise healthy.  Dean Ornish
Don’t take life too seriously. You’ll never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard
It's better to be healthy alone than sick with someone else. Phil McGraw
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. Simone de Beauvoir
I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you. Joyce Meyer
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness. Frank Tyger
Today, more than 95% of all chronic disease is caused by food choice, toxic food ingredients, nutritional deficiencies and lack of physical exercise. Mike Adams
If all the economists were laid end to end, they’d never reach a conclusion. George Bernard Shaw
I never would have made it if I could not have laughed. It lifted me momentarily out of this horrible situation, just enough to make it livable.  Viktor Frankl
Water, air and cleanliness are the chief articles in my pharmacopoeia. Napoleon I
A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor's book. Irish Proverb
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. Proverb
A good laugh is sunshine in the house. William Thackeray
A merry heart doeth good like a medicine, but a broken spirit dries the bones. Proverbs 17:22
An optimist laughs to forget; a pessimist forgets to laugh. Tom Nansbury
The best and most efficient pharmacy is within your own system. Robert C. Peale
He that is of a merry heart has a continual feast.  Proverbs 15:15
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that. Norman Vincent Peale
Health is like money, we never have a true idea of its value until we lose it. Josh Billings
In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired. Author Unknown
The more you eat, the less flavor; the less you eat, the more flavor. Chinese Proverb
Just because you're not sick doesn't mean you're healthy. Author Unknown
If you don't take care of your body, where are you going to live? Unknown
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy wealthy and wise. Benjamin Franklin
Osage River below Bagnell Dam (Lake of the Ozarks in Missouri) https://t.co/buYxKxQWlG
To insure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life. William Londen
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. Thomas Edison
Too many people spend money they earned..to buy things they don't want..to impress people that they don't like. Will Rogers
Alley Springs Grist Mill near Eminence, MO...went there a few weeks ago and it is beautiful! https://t.co/ryuIrP1QIH
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. Babe Ruth
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. Albert Einstein
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
The mind is everything. What you think you become. Buddha
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you’ve imagined. Henry David Thoreau
Get busy living or get busy dying. Stephen King
Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don’t get so worked up about things. Kenneth Branagh
Practice like you’ve never won. Perform like you’ve never lost. Bernard F. Asuncion
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. Will Rogers
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. Winston Churchill
I feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more. Jonas Salk
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or objects.	 Albert Einstein
The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it. Criss Jami
What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.	Norman Vincent Peale
Miss all you peeps...Been takin' a break from Twitter, but glad to be back!
20 Sinful Pictures Of Cars That Were Abandoned At Airports https://t.co/vqdF4RTUtk
A wise man turns chance into good fortune. Thomas Fuller
We never repent of having eaten too little. Thomas Jefferson
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach. Arnold Schwarzenegger
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. Walt Disney
Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality. Jonas Salk
It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat. Arnold Schwarzenegger
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes. Carl Jung
An artist must be free to choose what he does, certainly, but he must also never be afraid to do what he might choose. Langston Hughes
The resistance that you fight physically in the gym and the resistance that you fight in life can only build a strong character. Arnold Schwarzenegger
A young man without ambition is an old man waiting to be. Steven Brust
A leader is a dealer in hope. Napoleon Bonaparte
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young. Henry Ford
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends. Herbert Hoover
You need a good, healthy diet - it's about finding out what your body needs. Sugar is a disaster for skin, as is white flour. Thandie Newton
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work. Colin Powell
Looking good and feeling good go hand in hand. If you have a healthy lifestyle, your diet and nutrition are set, and you're working out, you're going to feel good. Jason Statham
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading. David Bailey
Make Your Car Last 200,000 Miles https://t.co/yk3nAdRmps
https://t.co/UEaBwisZYk
Scientists Reverse Wrinkles, Restore Hair Growth In Mice. Implications Are 'Huge' For Aging Research via @forbes https://t.co/dWol98c7JM
The world needs new leadership, but the new leadership is about working together. Jack Ma
Freedom is the open window through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit and human dignity. Herbert Hoover
You should learn from your competitor, but never copy. Copy and you die. Jack Ma
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours. Les Brown
Die to everything of yesterday so that your mind is always fresh, always young, innocent, full of vigor and passion. Jiddu Krishnamur
Pasta doesn't make you fat. How much pasta you eat makes you fat. Giada De Laurentiis
Your #diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments. Bethenny Frankel
Blessed are the young for they shall inherit the national debt. Herbert Hoover
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me. David Bailey
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. Helen Keller
Music is life itself. What would this world be without good music? No matter what kind it is. Louis Armstrong
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors. Joel Osteen
Never give up. Today is hard, tomorrow will be worse, but the day after tomorrow will be sunshine. Jack Ma
You're never too old to start learning, and you're never too young to aim high and achieve great things. Asa Hutchinson
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age. Lucille Ball
Try to keep your soul young and quivering right up to old age. George Sand
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music. Ronald Reagan
The Most-Popular Classic Cars In The U.S. https://t.co/dZaLlZJnmQ
In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make. Paul McCartney
If you don't change, you're dead, so I try to keep changing. Wavy Gravy
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three. Laurence J. Peter
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick. George Burns
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. Buddy Hackett
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. Jim Carrey
Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves. Abraham Lincoln
Guilt: the gift that keeps on giving. Erma Bombeck
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor. Joan Rivers
A committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours. Milton Berle
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap. Rodney Dangerfield
It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat. Arnold Schwarzenegger #diet #weightloss #young4ever
By all means let's be open-minded, but not so open-minded that our brains drop out. Richard Dawkins
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. Isaac Asimov
Never have more children than you have car windows. Erma Bombeck
Life is hard. After all, it kills you. Katharine Hepburn
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people. Rodney Dangerfield
Life is an adventure, not a package tour. Eckhart Tolle
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone. Reba McEntire
A person should set his goals as early as he can &amp; devote all his energy &amp; talent to getting there. With enough effort, he may achieve it. Or he may find something that is even more rewarding. But in the end, no matter that the outcome, he will know he has been alive.	Walt Disney
Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far they can go.. T.S Eliot
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past. F. Scott Fitzgerald
All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds, wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make them possible.	T.E. Lawrence
Adventure is worthwhile in itself.	Amelia Earhart
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. Mark Twain
If we wait until we are ready, we will be waiting for the rest of our life! Lemony Snicket
People don’t take trips. . . trips take people. John Steinbeck
If you think adventure is dangerous try routine, it’s lethal.	 Paulo Coelho
I can’t control the wind but I can adjust the sail. Ricky Skaggs
Once a year, go somewhere you’ve never been before. The Dalai Lama
Buy/Drive/Burn: A Chrysler Fuselage Trio From 1971 https://t.co/KWxxooUbpm
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.     	Will Smith
When it rains, it pours? but soon, the sun shines again. Stay positive. Better days are on their way.     	unknown
Some choices we live not only once but a thousand times over, remembering them for the rest of our lives.     	Richard Bach
Real magic can never be made by offering someone else's liver. You must tear out your own, and not expect to get it back.	Peter S. Beagle,The Last Unicorn
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.     	Chuck Norris
Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat.	Henry Emerson Fosdick
A lot of people will ignore positive words when they are down and accept negative words. Those people never get better.	Travis J. Dahnke
Hagerty names classic cars to buy now, before it’s too late https://t.co/WRcYOIrcS9
Quarrels never could last long, if on one side only lay the wrong.      	Ben Franklin (1706-1790)
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish, but have eternal life.	Holy Bible: New International Version
In a mad world, only the mad are sane.	Akiro Kurosawa
If you are positive, you'll see opportunities instead of obstacles.     	Widad Akrawi
Stay positive in every situation and everything you do, never stop trying, have faith don't stop due to failure.	Anurag Prakash Ray
Negativity is the enemy of creativity.     	David Lynch
Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.     	Marilyn Monroe
Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.	Stephen King
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you.     	Mary Lou Retton
Better three hours too soon, than one minute too late.     	William Shakespeare
Positive thinking is empowering, positive action is achieving.     	Dr T.P.Chia.
Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness, no laziness, no procrastination: never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.     	Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield
Recreate your life, always, always. Remove the stones, plant rose bushes and make sweets.Begin again.     	Cora Coralina
The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want.      	Justin Timberlake
We must be willing to get rid of the life we've planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us. The old skin has to be shed before the new one can come.	Joseph Campbell
It isn't always a change of scenery needed to make life better. Sometimes it simply requires opening your eyes.	Richelle E. Goodrich
Be willing to be a beginner every single morning.	Meister Eckhart	“
The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time.	Johann Kaspar Lavater
The weak fall, but the strong will remain and never go under!	Anne Frank
It doesn't hurt to feel sad from time to time.     	Willie Nelson
As you get older three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and the I can't remember the other two.	Sir Norman Wisdom
When the well's dry, we know the worth of water.	Benjamin Franklin
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth. Bo Bennett
In America nobody says you have to keep the circumstances somebody else gives you. Amy Tan
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love. Francis of Assisi
The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away. Ronald Reagan
I'm for whatever gets you through the night. Frank Sinatra
Life is a lively process of becoming. Douglas MacArthur
What we think, we become. Buddha
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. Nelson Mandela
Well, you can't argue with somebody that won't argue back. Victoria Osteen
Never lie, never cheat, never steal. John Wooden
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Adopting a really positive attitude can work wonders to adding years to your life, a spring to your step, a sparkle to your eye, and all of that. Christie Brinkley
Republicans believe every day is the Fourth of July, but the democrats believe every day is April 15. Ronald Reagan
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others. Jonathan Swift
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others. Buddha
The best revenge is massive success. Frank Sinatra
After women, flowers are the most lovely thing God has given the world. Christian Dior
A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water. Eleanor Roosevelt
Why would anyone steal a shopping cart? It's like stealing a two-year-old. Erma Bombeck
Amazon's stock sinks after website crashes as Prime Day 2018 kicks off https://t.co/ap7xqYEUJT
With His love, you can wake up every day with an attitude of faith and expectancy. Victoria Osteen
Most smiles are started by another smile. Frank A. Clark
I consider myself incredibly fortunate to be a woman working in America. It looks very different to be a working woman in other places in the world. Ivanka Trump
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls. Pablo Picasso
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be. Socrates
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. Robin Williams
I treat myself pretty good. I take lots of vacations, I eat well, I take supplements, I do mercury detox, I get plenty of sleep, I drink plenty of water and I stay away from drama and stress. Reba McEntire
If you focus on the actions of others and allow them to constantly upset you, then you are handing your peace over to them and giving away your power. Victoria Osteen
Believe you can and you're halfway there. Theodore Roosevelt
A smile is like an instant facelift and an instant mood lift. Christie Brinkley
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. Douglas MacArthur
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors. Joel Osteen
Wow...how cool is that? : ) RT @davestewsports: Met and interviewed Coach a couple times. Special
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. Dalai Lama
The way in which you carry yourself, even when seated at a desk, matters. Ivanka Trump
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you. John Wooden
This is.good! :) https://t.co/0NWXSzLquu
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it. Helen Keller
The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves. William Penn
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude. John C. Maxwell
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Maya Angelou
Life is either a great adventure or nothing. Helen Keller
Be as you wish to seem. Socrates
The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time. Johann Kaspar Lavater
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful. John Wooden
To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent. Buddha
Every time a child says I don't believe in fairies there is a fairy somewhere that falls down dead. James M. Barrie
It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways. Buddha
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. Thomas A. Edison
A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth. Aesop
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger. Buddha
Music became a healer for me. Eric Clapton
Auto tariffs likely to send used car prices higher, experts say https://t.co/sZCTH6JIdf
I wanted to be an independent woman, a woman who could pay for her bills, a woman who could run her own life - and I became that woman. Diane von Furstenberg
Independence is happiness. Susan B. Anthony
Charity is injurious unless it helps the recipient to become independent of it. John D. Rockefeller
True independence and freedom can only exist in doing what's right. Brigham Young
Happy Fourth of July all you peeps! : )
Live free or die: Death is not the worst of evils. General John Stark
If you're not ready to die for it, put the word 'freedom' out of your vocabulary. Malcolm X
I prefer liberty with danger to peace with slavery. Jean-Jacques Rousseau
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. Jim Morrison
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide. Napoleon Bonaparte
I never said, 'I want to be alone.' I only said, 'I want to be let alone!' There is all the difference. Greta Garbo
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. Benjamin Franklin
I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it. Voltaire
For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others. -Nelson Mandela
The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off. Gloria Steinem
Top 5 Summer Car Care Tips - Automotive Training Center Blog https://t.co/8grj2JNgNY
Don't get even, get mad. Frank Sinatra
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts. Jim Morrison
May you live to be 100 and may the last voice you hear be mine. Frank Sinatra
The sun is gone, but I have a light. Kurt Cobain
Rather be dead than cool. Kurt Cobain
I would always contend that talent is an element, but over the long run, ultimately, a minor part of it all; it is mostly hard work. Pat Metheny
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. Jim Morrison
The beauty of jazz is that it's malleable. People are addressing it to suit their own personalities. Pat Metheny
Justice is sweet and musical; but injustice is harsh and discordant. Henry David Thoreau
Gossip is hardly uplifting. Ginger Rogers
I cannot abide stupidity, in myself or in others. Ginger Rogers
We really were a very musical family. Father managed to buy us a small pump organ, and I just loved this instrument. Lawrence Welk
In our culture we have such respect for musical instruments, they are like part of God. Ravi Shankar
When two people love each other, they don't look at each other, they look in the same direction. Ginger Rogers
I do take a lot of pride in my look and I work out - do work out a lot. Rod Stewart
One of the things jazz has always excelled at is translating the reality of the times through its musical prism. Pat Metheny
Writing lyrics is part spontaneous, intuitive and part really thought through and carefully analyzed as you write it. It's a mixture of two approaches, and I imagine writing anything is like that, really. Some of it just flows, and you just go with it. Ian Anderson
My music had roots which I'd dug up from my own childhood, musical roots buried in the darkest soil. Ray Charles	l
You've got to have this burning desire in your chest to succeed. Rod Stewart
It's only the giving that makes you what you are. Ian Anderson
I used to think that the worst thing in life was to end up alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel alone. Robin Williams
I wish I didn't know now what I didn't know then. Bob Seger
Inspiration is hard to come by. You have to take it where you find it. Bob Dylan
Amazon shares fall after Supreme Court ruling on sales tax, as brick-and-mortar retailers gain https://t.co/fr2Qeufhc2
Amazon and other online retailers are getting hit after the Supreme Court rules that states can collect taxes on internet sales (AMZN) -  https://t.co/EdqRCZH1Md
May you live every day of your life. Jonathan Swift
Where there is love there is life. Mahatma Gandhi
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. Winston Churchill
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. Margaret Mead
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be. Kurt Vonnegut
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. Albert Einstein
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. Colin R. Davis
The more you loose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. Norman Vincent Peale
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job. Michael Gerber
Everything you can imagine is real. Pablo Picasso
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be. Douglas Adams
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live. J.K. Rowling
We love the things we love for what they are.  Robert Frost
If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it! Jonathan Winters
Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway. John Wayne
Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed. Abraham Lincoln
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. Robert Frost
When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you’ve got plenty to watch. Anonymous
Be content to act, and leave the talking to others. Baltasa
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. 	 Lao Tzu
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. Jim Rohn
We accept the love we think we deserve.  Stephen Chbosky
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. John Wooden
50-year-old sets off on bid to be 1st person to swim across Pacific Ocean https://t.co/EvmTONaOL2 via @nbcnews
Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. 'Cause that's all that matters in the end..  Kris Kristopherson
Physical strength in a woman - that's what I am. Tina Turner
One of the rewards of success is freedom, the ability to do whatever you like.  Sting
When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around.  Willie Nelson
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.	John D. Rockefeller
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.	Thomas Jefferson
Opportunities don't happen. You create them . Chris Grosser
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it."	Henry David Thoreau
We don't devote enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks. Bill Watterson
Painful as it may be, a significant emotional event can be the catalyst for choosing a direction that serves us - and those around us - more effectively. Look for the learning. Louisa May Alcott
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind. Joyce Meyer
The motto of chivalry is also the motto of wisdom; to serve all, but love only one. Honore de Balzac
I'm a great believer in karma, and the vengeance that it serves up to those who are deliberately mean is generally enough for me. Beth Ditto
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are stiffened. Billy Graham
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. Willie Nelson
I wouldn't ever say if you're having tough times then there must be something wrong with you or your attitude. Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith. I encourage people to stay up, stay hopeful, stay faith-filled. Joel Osteen
In the end, it's a mental maturity to let your best come out. Lindsey Vonn
Memorial Day isn't just about honoring veterans, its honoring those who lost their lives. Veterans had the fortune of coming home. It's a continuation of service that honors our country and those who fell defending it. Pete Hegseth
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself. Joseph Campbell
I do not think about being beautiful. What I devote most of my time to is being healthy. Ann Bancroft
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter. William James
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability. Walter Scott
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude. John C. Maxwell
When birds burp, it must taste like bugs. Bill Watterson
I guess real maturity, which most of us never achieve, is when you realize that you're not the center of the universe. Katherine Paterson
God always strives together with those who strive. Aeschylus
From my tribe I take nothing, I am the maker of my own fortune. Tecumseh
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life. Jimmy Dean
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals. George S. Patton
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. Alfred A. Montapert
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. Harriet Beecher Stowe
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. Tony Robbins
Count your blessings. You are one of a kind. There's no one in the world like you. You are amazing. Richard Simmons
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. Carol Burnett
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen. Conan O'Brien
How to Keep Older Cars Running Longer https://t.co/z0CxRzAWFo
I still get wildly enthusiastic about little things.... I play with leaves. I skip down the street and run against the wind. Leo Buscaglia
Fear knocked at the door. Faith answered. And lo, no one was there. Author Unknown
Prices Take First Annual Decline https://t.co/y2w6FeeBx6
But, I arise each morning torn between a desire to improve... the world and a desire to enjoy... the world. This makes it hard to plan the day. E.B. White
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.  Ralph Waldo Emerson
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. David Brinkley
Faith is like radar that sees through the fog. Corrie Ten Boom
Pope Francis’ Lamborghini sells for more than $850,000 at charity auction https://t.co/m21NOMJaji
Faith is not without worry or care, but faith is fear that has said a prayer. Author unknown
It is not love that should be depicted as blind, but self-love. Voltaire
U.S. moves forward with revised fuel economy targets https://t.co/d0M2iMwLw2
Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame. Erica Jong
Work on yourself first, take responsibility for your own progress. I Ching
With lies you may get ahead in the world — but you can never go back. Russian Proverb
A half truth is a whole lie. ~Yiddish Proverb
Wish I could post a picture from my phone.  Will have to email it to myself and post via my laptop?  Any suggestions are welcome...
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.  Walt Disney Company
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.  Coco Chanel
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it. Salvador Dalí
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.  Winston S. Churchill
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.  W.C. Fields
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world. Desmond Tutu
With self-discipline most anything is possible. Theodore Roosevelt
The power of imagination makes us infinite. John Muir
The best diet is one that bathes the body in life-enhancing nutrients. #diet #weightloss #young4ever #model #actress #actor #musician #health #diabetes #writer #amwriting
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been. Alan Alda
"Debbie's Diet Gourmet Cookbook" ...soon to be released!  : ) https://t.co/Ue4W7j6cDB
Just ordered a proof copy of my new (soon to be released) book, "Debbie's Diet Gourmet Cookbook"...AM EXCITED! #diet #weightloss #young4ever #model #musician #actress #actor #writer
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and think of what could go right. Unknown
Angry people want you to see how powerful they are... loving people want you to see how powerful You are.	Chief Red Eagle #anger #angermanagement
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. Henry Ford
https://t.co/Nc0qr9XBik https://t.co/Nc0qr9XBik
Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments. Henry Ward Beecher
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Donald Trump
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space. Johnny Cash
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. Winston Churchill
Change yourself and your work will seem different. Norman Vincent Peale
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying. Michael Jordan
@JasonStillwell hopefully positive! : )
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. Thomas A. Edison
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself. Henry Ward Beecher
We tend to get what we expect. Norman Vincent Peale
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. Norman Vincent Peale
Christians, like slaves and soldiers, ask no questions. Jerry Falwell
Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain. Billy Graham
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you. Walt Whitman
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money. Thomas Jefferson
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. Eleanor Roosevelt
You must do the things you think you cannot do. Eleanor Roosevelt
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. Francis of Assisi
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been. Alan Alda
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. Milton Berle
All you need for happiness is a good gun, a good horse, and a good wife. Daniel Boone
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. Mother Teresa
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
Life is hard. After all, it kills you. Katharine Hepburn
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself. Henry Ford
The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda. John C. Maxwell
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. Muhammad Ali
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. Oscar Wilde
The fruit of the spirit is love, joy and peace.	 Galatians 5:22
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet. Bobby Unser
Part of my act is meant to shake you up. It looks like I'm being funny, but I'm reminding you of other things. Life is tough, darling. Life is hard. And we better laugh at everything; otherwise, we're going down the tube.	Joan Rivers
Be truly glad.  There is wonderful joy ahead!"	 I Peter 1:6
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. Marcus Aurelius
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day. Jim Rohn
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. Carol Burnett
But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness and	       all these things shall be added unto you.	 Matthew 6:33
The key to success is action, and the essential in action is perseverance. Sun Yat-sen
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success. Shiv Khera
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord,	    plans to prosper you, and not to harm you, plans to give	    you a hope and a future.	                                                                                 - Jeremiah 29:11
Time to come outta the freezer! : ) RT @newfrontiergirl: After A Long Winter, Car Maintenance Should Not Be Ignored https://t.co/EyUSY5ngFT https://t.co/zviNh6vinP
This is the day which the Lord hath made; let us rejoice and	      be glad in it. Psalm 118:24
After A Long Winter, Car Maintenance Should Not Be Ignored https://t.co/EyUSY5ngFT
Sunday clears away the rust of the whole week. Joseph Addison	#SundayMorning
Blast from the past...remember these guys? : ) #music #popmusic https://t.co/rcGKFRrDlH
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. Mother Teresa
The best fighter is never angry. Lao Tzu  #angermanagement #angermanagementcounseling
Rock on!! : ) RT @steinslady622: #ff sweettweeps @NativeDoty @jalawillis19 @Holliebear80 @ilost_my_shoe @fan_cage @yanyanyan78 @JoneslitsDanfan
Happy Easter all you peeps! : )
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love. Tom Robbins
Perfection is attained by slow degrees; it requires the hand of time. Voltaire
Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.' Erich Fromm
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love. Maya Angelou
Let us never know what old age is. Let us know the happiness time brings, not count the years.	Ausonius
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. Lao Tzu
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. Loretta Young
It's not easy to be a hero. You do it because of what you believe, not because of what other people deserve. Patty Jenkins
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. Warren Buffett
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out. Jenn Proske
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. Maureen Dowd
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. George Sand
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space. Johnny Cash
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. Buddha
What Happens To An Engine Without Oil? https://t.co/0aeFOubSPf
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. Stephen King
Courage, sacrifice, determination, commitment, toughness, heart, talent, guts. That's what little girls are made of. Bethany Hamilton
Hope you all are havin' a ROCKIN' WEEKEND! : ) RT @steinslady622: #ff sweet tweeps  @Holliebear80 @YouKnowWhoI_am @yanyanyan78 @ChrisEvansHeart @KrystlesMemory @OuiRachie @DebbiBach
When you reach for the stars, you may not quite get them, but you won’t come up with a handful of mud either. Leo Burnett
If you don’t know where you are going, you might wind up someplace else. Yogi Berra
@RaniGh thanks! : )
I was thinking one day and I realized that if I just had somebody behind me all the way to motivate me I could make a big difference. Nobody came along like that so I just became that person for myself. Inspirational saying
Success comes in cans, failure in cant’s. Inspirational saying
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it’s always your choice. Wayne Dyer
You can’t have everything. Where would you put it? Steven Wright
Dogs have owners, cats have staff. Are you a dog or a cat? Unknown
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: If you’re alive it isn’t. Richard Bach
When anybody laughs, he has no mind, no thought, no problem, no suffering. Sri H. W. L. Poonja
If you don’t run your own life, somebody else will. John Atkinson
He who laughs – lasts. Mary P. Poole
Seven days without laughter make one weak. Joel Goodman
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I’m not so sure. Uknown
I’m an idealist, I don’t know where I’m going, but I’m on my way. Carl Sanburg
Don’t confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other. Erma Bombeck
Always remember that you are unique. Just like everybody else. Unknown
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day. Robert Frost
Me...just a "few" years ago (hehe) : ) https://t.co/fwJ4hPcLXl
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh – at yourself. Ethel Barrymore
The Seven Social Sins are:	Wealth w/o work.	Pleasure w/o conscience.	Knowledge w/o character.	Commerce w/o morality.	Science w/o humanity.	Worship w/o sacrifice.	Politics w/o principle.	From a sermon given by Frederick Lewis Donaldson in Westminster Abbey, London, 19
Give me a stock clerk with a goal and I’ll give you a man who will make history. Give me a man with no goals and I’ll give you a stock clerk. J.C. Penney
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own. Robert A. Heinlein
#FoxNews https://t.co/kPST9pNv6R
Brake Care Facts... https://t.co/3JWDStUZL3
They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!” Dr. Seuss
There are two means of refuge from the misery of life — music and cats. Albert Schweitzer
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well. Robert Louis Stevenson
You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?” George Bernard Shaw
A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved. Kurt Vonnegut
One of the advantages of being disorganized is that one is always having surprising discoveries. A.A. Milne
In a time of destruction, create something. Maxine Hong Kingston
No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong. François de La Rochefoucauld
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving. Lao Tzu
The past has no power over the present moment. Eckhart Tolle
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them. Marcus Aurelius
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. Oscar Wilde
https://t.co/iWQH1TPcHH https://t.co/1umVJOjdBC
1913 Bugatti Type 22 - Jay Leno's Garage https://t.co/uMus7u5tBY
Ride along with the dummy driving Elon Musk’s Tesla to Mars https://t.co/fsiaQib8Ix
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters. Audrey Hepburn
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all. Walt Disney Company
Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.  John Greenleaf Whittier
23 Insanely Easy Tips and Tricks Every Driver Should Know https://t.co/LBeNPsMYZl
It looks like it’s going to be another fine day. John Wayne
Talk low, talk slow, and don’t say too much. John Wayne
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there. 	 George Harrison
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university. Albert Einstein
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be. Kurt Vonnegut, Mother Night
I am an old-fashioned honest-to-goodness flag-waving patriot. John Wayne
I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens. Woody Allen
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You. Dr. Seuss
Everything you can imagine is real. Pablo Picasso
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.  Douglas Adams,
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.  J.K. Rowling
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. 	 Robert Frost
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. Oscar Wilde
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. 	 Mae West
Cars We Remember: Collector car popularity continues growth curve https://t.co/1rvF37GsL5
5 Essential Items to Keep in Your Car During the Winter https://t.co/F2UhHd59Et
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. Oscar Wilde
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone. Reba McEntire
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done. Bruce Lee
Showing off is the fool's idea of glory. Bruce Lee
A happy life is one spent in learning, earning, and yearning. Lillian Gish
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. Bruce Lee
Just scream! You vent, and the body just feels good after a good old yell. Carol Burnett
It is not the years in your life but the life in your years that counts. Adlai E. Stevenson
We don't stop going to school when we graduate. Carol Burnett
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind. Joyce Meyer
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. Voltaire
Golden Milestone - 1959 Ford Galaxie - Ford celebrate - Hemmings Motor News https://t.co/uDKjry2Ffe
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters. Audrey Hepburn
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life. Yoko Ono
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go. Carol Burnett
Brrrr....it's mighty frigid out on the #Ozark prairie this mornin'! Think teardrops would turn to ice 'fore they hit the ground so best to be #SMILING !!
i like it! : ) RT @pawneeralph: @newfrontiergirl "A diamond is chunk of coal that did well under pressure."
As long as there's pasta and Chinese food in the world, I'm okay. Michael Chang
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. Voltaire
When you eat mindfully, by paying attention to what you eat, you get more pleasure with fewer calories. Dean Ornish
Know you food, know your farmers, and know your kitchen. Joel Salatin
Awareness is the first step in healing. Dean Ornish
The need for connection and community is primal, as fundamental as the need for air, water, and food. Dean Ornish
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
Only the pure in heart can make a good soup. Ludwig van Beethoven
By eating many fruits and vegetables in place of fast food and junk food, people could avoid obesity. David H. Murdock
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters. Audrey Hepburn
Wine is bottled poetry. Robert Louis Stevenson
Make choices to empower yourself. Dean Ornish
Food is our common ground, a universal experience. James Beard
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. Albert Einstein
Because of your #smile, you make life more beautiful. Thich Nhat Hanh
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. Buddha
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. Carol Burnett
A house is not a home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body. Benjamin Franklin
Video: How to take care of cars in cold weather https://t.co/vnEDwtR7Rj
The Majority Of New Cars Sold In Norway Are Now Electrified https://t.co/DX5SmHScc3
Aggressive driving costs more than you think https://t.co/3Z5AzRefdL
I don't live there and do not know from experience but 	if the federal govt cuts taxes and social programs...are... https://t.co/zKFJkIuBKA
@TMVuTa Thanks so much....same to you! : )
RT @TMVuTa: @newfrontiergirl  https://t.co/0sUs22y60n
Hoping all you peeps are having a happy holiday! : )
Get busy living or get busy dying.	 Stephen King
May you live every day of your life.  Jonathan Swift
If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there.  George Harrison
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. Albert Einstein
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.  George Bernard Shaw
Everything you can imagine is real.  Pablo Picasso
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be. Douglas Adams
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.  Allen Saunders
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.  J.K. Rowling
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.  Oscar Wilde
No disease that can be treated by diet should be treated with any other means. Maimonides
1974 Porsche 914-6 GT tribute car visits Jay Leno's Garage https://t.co/XEznwULxYa
Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants.  Michael Pollan #diet #weightloss #young4ever
I am a better person when I have less on my plate. Elizabeth Gilbert
The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it. Tricia Cunningham
9 Winter Car Maintenance Tips https://t.co/3UIdlgbs6G
1974 Porsche 914-6 GT tribute car visits Jay Leno's Garage https://t.co/qo8NFEWm3O
The secret to keeping moving is keeping moving.  Dick Van Dyke
how true! : ) RT @BarryD1965: Or to accept a toy phone from them and answer it. 😂
You're never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child. Dr. Seuss
@numberonepal
@bdevil89
What It Takes To Keep Vintage Race Cars Running https://t.co/DQA4HUHRPa
I agree! : ) RT @pawneeralph: @newfrontiergirl It's never too late to be what you might have been !
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. Joyce Brothers
If Winter comes, can Spring be far behind? Percy Bysshe Shelley
A bone to the dog is not charity. Charity is the bone shared with the dog, when you are just as hungry as the dog. Jack London
One of the best gifts you can give to an animal is a donation of a blanket to your local animal shelter during the winter months. Carrie Ann Inaba
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy. Anton Chekhov
If you haven't got any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble. Bob Hope
Amazon Takes Early Holiday Hits In Europe Over Labor Conditions via @forbes https://t.co/YA1CSeQ63F
thanks...same to u! : ) RT @TrollHughs: Merry Christmas!
How did it get so late so soon?	It's night before it's afternoon.	December is here before it's June.	My goodness how the time has flewn.	How did it get so late so soon?	`Dr. Seuss
Happy Holidays to all! : ) https://t.co/5u19eNOKXT
Happy holidays everybody!! : ) https://t.co/Z7VTSay9zF
My own prescription for health is less paperwork and more running barefoot through the grass.  Leslie Grimutter
The more you eat, the less flavor; the less you eat, the more flavor. Chinese Proverb
It's been the work that has carried me &amp; I never wanted to rest on my laurels or go back &amp; do what I done before.	 	 David Cassidy
"Foggy Autumn Lake" pic - taken this November at the beautiful #lakeoftheozarks in #missouri https://t.co/mDxNxMLaAQ
Most of us spend the first six days of each week sowing wild oats; then go 2 church on Sunday &amp; pray for crop failure. Fred Allen
Prayer should be the key of the day and the lock of the night. George Herbert
We owe our World War II veterans - and all our veterans - a debt we can never fully repay. Doc Hastings
Success is no accident. It's hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice &amp; love of what ur doing or learning 2do. Pele
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out. Jenn Proske
THREE-DAY SALE Saddle Tan Tooled Leather Vintage Cowgirl Gypsy Boho Purse Shoulder Bag flowers and leaves 1960's https://t.co/6HCC2gymrt
This Baby Is A Lazy Genius https://t.co/CMwDx3Ttcu via @Digg
The Tech Industry’s Gender-Discrimination Problem from https://t.co/X4NnLRHrjy https://t.co/n0T4sAKrBr #Flipboard10forToday via @Flipboard
Art Garfunkel, son James &amp; wife Kim - The 59th Street Bridge Song/Feelin... https://t.co/QiYTGhnT5X via @YouTube
https://t.co/n5V3dC42Je https://t.co/ed8ihKDAXV
If your life journey has been less than you expected, change direction or tweak it a little and MAKE IT HAPPEN ! : )
1918 Model 66 Pierce Arrow https://t.co/mG5QDbtfn8
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind. Joyce Meyer
"October Prairie Sunset" pic ~ the sky was actually orange just for a few minutes #ozark #prairie https://t.co/ctM9RcdaLp
When you are grateful - when you can see what you have - you unlock blessings to flow in your life. Suze Orman
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night. William Blake
Watch out for the joy-stealers: gossip, criticism, complaining, faultfinding, and a negative, judgmental attitude. Joyce Meyer
You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there. Edwin Louis Cole
Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges. Joyce Meyer
Illusions of grandeur are not the same as visions of greatness. Edwin Louis Cole
A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees. William Blake
There's no happier person than a truly thankful, content person. Joyce Meyer
I learned more stuff in church than I did in the world. Al Green
Be grateful 4 what u have &amp; stop complaining - it bores everybody else, does u no good, &amp; doesn't solve any problems. Zig Ziglar
I'm thankful for every moment. Al Green
Strive to find things to be thankful for, and just look for the good in who you are! Bethany Hamilton
The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness. William Blake
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. William Blake
I have a lot to be thankful for. I am healthy, happy and I am loved. Reba McEntire
5 ways green tea is good for your oral health https://t.co/A5bMSIJ1kG
An aspirin a day keeps many cancers away, study suggests ' | via @telegraph https://t.co/gMWUZIj8Sd
Death twitches my ear;	'Live,' he says...	'I'm coming" Virgil
October gave a party;	The leaves by hundreds came -	The Chestnuts, Oaks, and Maples,	And leaves of every name.	 George Cooper
I'm so glad I live in a world where there are Octobers. L.M. Montgomery
There is something in October sets the gypsy blood astir: We must rise and follow her... William Bliss
Beware the goblin men and the wares they sell.  S. Jae-Jones, Wintersong
...was a little different tonight. There was a feeling of autumn coming to last a million years.There would be no spring.  Ray Bradbury
Listen to them — the children of the night. What music they make! Bram Stoker
She used to tell me that a full moon was when mysterious things happen and wishes come true. Shannon A. Thompson
oh no-o-o,,,eeeek! : ) RT @brian480480: Fun fact. I've had 2 experiences. One audible and one visual. Both (cont) https://t.co/b9qqoDShAQ
Psychos vs. nice guys — which type of hedge fund manager gets better returns? https://t.co/kqOwQaJSf0
During the day, I don't believe in ghosts. At night, I'm a little more open-minded.  Unknown
Kick Off Halloween Weekend with a Stranger Things Lyft Ride https://t.co/w40YjN89nh
Every day is Halloween, isn't it? For some of us. Tim Burton
sounds scary! : ) https://t.co/5CXgfDipcD https://t.co/XYAxYX7Qjy
have a #spooktacular october weekend! True Diamonds @blassart @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRome @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/3NwdwvPAvC
@pawneeralph yes...think this is true as long as the modest life has a good amount of success mixed in...
@PlumberTom LOVE you paper!...thats so much : )
There is magic in the night when pumpkins glow by moonlight. Unknown
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls. George Carlin
When witches go riding, and black cats are seen, the moon laughs and whispers 'tis near Halloween.	Unknown
"Ghost Car" in Singapore Causes Crash WOW !! (2017) https://t.co/jDNkYmZx6h
Woke up dreaming about music. : )
You can thank Aldi for grocery prices being 3% cheaper in Southern California https://t.co/NX1Crlxzdg
Why Wall Street Is Suddenly Scared of Amazon $AMZN https://t.co/TdimeEEocs via @TheStreet
Watch swimmers run from killer whales  https://t.co/zYaWLt5fZX
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.	Alice Walker
If u want 2 reach a goal, one of the first things u need 2 do is visualize it.  If u can't visualize it, it's hard 2 believe &amp; achieve.
T h r e e  D a y  VINTAGE PURSE SALE !		CLICK to check it out!! https://t.co/Sdz2idKYf3
Gorgeous! https://t.co/5DoMWWJO20
Hope all you peeps have a nice Friday and weekend! : )
https://t.co/AtxJEhoxRC https://t.co/XE1OuJoXhj
Have a gr8t weekend! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @blassart @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/2KwC4TxWtw
: ) RT @SteveJazz: WOW!!  At first I thought it was Rep. #MaxineWaters...!
Frog pic...he sat on this door handle for a day or so and didn't mind people going in and out https://t.co/qWE8waOhy4
When I was a kid, my dad went to World War II. I didn't know him. I was born in '41. Nick Nolte
I was in World War II; I cried when they took me in the Navy. That's the last time I cried. Don Rickles
If you ask the people in Europe who won World War II,  they say the United States won the war and saved the world. Bob Feller
I have gone through so many examinations of what a hero is, between the World War II stuff and the astronaut stuff. Tom Hanks
Lagging U.S. online giants, Europe calls on them to pay up https://t.co/hi9kwCZDI2
so cute! : ) https://t.co/TDjq7eN5Uh
have a ROCKIN Friday! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @blassart @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/yvZCQbwP14
I've read my grandmother's memoirs and she served as a nurse during World War II. What they had to do was incredible. Jessica Brown Findlay
The guys who won World War II and that whole generation have disappeared, and now we have a bunch of teenage twits. Clint Eastwood
When I give I give myself. Walt Whitman #write #writer
You have to go through those mountains and valleys - because that's what life	is: soul growth.  Wayne Newton
The good ideas will survive. Quentin Tarantino
If I'm going to be a caged bird, I'll sing the best song I can. Wes Craven
Aging can be fun if you lay back and enjoy it. Clint Eastwood
I want to top expectations. I want to blow you away. Quentin Tarantino
The first monster you have to scare the audience with is yourself. Wes Craven
I like the Japanese knives, I like French knives. Whatever's sharp. Wolfgang Puck	#cook #gourmet #dietgourmet
Before I put another notch in my lipstick case, you better make sure you put me in my place. Pat Benatar
All I'm doing is rearranging the curtains in the insane asylum. Wes Craven
When I die, I would like to come back as a cello.  Wayne Newton
We boil at different degrees. Clint Eastwood
They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning. Clint Eastwood
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end. Leonard Nimoy
It is the sweet, simple things of life which are the real ones after all. Laura Ingalls Wilder
Bob Dole Hospitalized For Low Blood Pressure: Report https://t.co/izdp4acJvj
There's a rebel lying deep in my soul. Clint Eastwood
Either #write something worth reading or do something worth #writing. Benjamin Franklin #amwriting
Google X's online course teaches you to build flying cars https://t.co/OZYEOnyJW2
What Happened: Cadillac Presidential Limo Spied Testing, Almost White House Ready https://t.co/3UJTD3MB45
I like to #write when I feel spiteful. It is like having a good sneeze. D. H. Lawrence #amwriting
Never eat spinach just before going on the air. Dan Rather
I can never decide whether my dreams are the result of my thoughts, or my thoughts the result of my dreams. D. H. Lawrence
I want to make simple food new. David Chang
Coffee is a language in itself. Jackie Chan
In every living thing there is the desire for love. D. H. Lawrence
Do not allow to slip away from you freedoms the people who came before you won with such hard knocks. D. H. Lawrence
Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken. D. H. Lawrence
Biology has at least 50 more interesting years. James D. Watson
We've discovered the secret of life. Francis Crick
Since the child knew his parents would give in, he tried the same trick again and again. Jackie Chan
Do not let circumstances control you. You change your circumstances. Jackie Chan
The minute that you're not learning I believe you're dead. Jack Nicholson
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything. Thomas Carlyle
Cooking and gardening involve so many disciplines: math, chemistry, reading, history. David Chang
Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion. Jack Kerouac
My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. J. Paul Getty
Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night? Jack Kerouac
My motto is: more good times. Jack Nicholson
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves. J. Paul Getty
With my sunglasses on, I'm Jack Nicholson. Without them, I'm fat and 60. Jack Nicholson
All human beings are also dream beings. Dreaming ties all mankind together. Jack Kerouac
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise. Gene Tunney #diet #exercise #young4ever #dietgourmet
Mysterious sea monster w/razor sharp fangs which washed up on TX beach after Hurricane Harvey has scientists baffled https://t.co/m4CccNziw9
Shameful https://t.co/pFXB39rhzE
Hummingbird pic 	https://t.co/52Pqx8fwbw
You don’t learn to walk by following the rules. You learn by doing, and falling over.  Richard Branson
Have you seen my Lake of the #Ozarks Board on Pinterest?... https://t.co/2GMlUn8MWl
Car-centric Houston struggles after loss of countless autos https://t.co/z8T6DPwWUX
Never give up. Today is hard, tomorrow will be worse, but the day after tomorrow will be sunshine. Jack Ma
It is an extra dividend when you like the girl you've fallen in love with. Clark Gable
Learn how to cook -- try new recipes, learn from your mistakes, be fearless and above all have fun!  Julia Child
To sit back and let fate play its hand out and never influence it is not the way man was meant to operate.  John Glenn
If something is important enough, even if the odds are against you, you should still do it.  Elon Musk
You are never too old to set a new goal or to dream a new dream. C.S. Lewis
We compared 31 grocery items at Whole Foods and Walmart to see who has the better deals —  https://t.co/N3av6OD7MS via @YahooFinance
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.  Bruce Lee
"Odd Knob Tree" pic ~ taken at the Lake of the #Ozarks Bagnell Dam Overlook https://t.co/3Fi7Axy9tn
Sunflower on the #Ozark Prairie pic ~ taken at the start of the solar eclipse https://t.co/DQ8Xapqjcq
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love. Ernest Hemingway
Here's What Happens To All Of The Flooded Cars After Hurricane Harvey https://t.co/ypBOiNyNve
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real. Tupac Shakur
have a rockin' weekend! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @blassart @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes (cont) https://t.co/MbaEh2Nncc
Ahead of Irma, Outrage Toward Sky-High Amazon Water Prices https://t.co/0VLFQaR7Go
https://t.co/jcvleuhCev
Nothing is as important as passion. No matter what you want to do with your life, be passionate. Jon Bon Jovi
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow. Anthony J. D'Angelo
Getting ready to buy my ISBN's for my new copyrighted book, "Debbie's Diet Gourmet Cookbook"..soon to be published...#diet #young4ever
It's never too late - in fiction or in life - to revise. Nancy Thayer #writing #amwriting
It is never too late to be what you might have been. George Eliot
Top automotive barn finds in recent history https://t.co/MWU84wvVwS
Amazon is actually the weakest of the big U.S. retailers, Moody’s says https://t.co/6XRnaYqEme
https://t.co/siEbhm9xAv
https://t.co/bkjpZI43hw https://t.co/yhLJplCATT
Beautiful! https://t.co/4RpLlrirao
How To Get Along With AUTOMATION Guidelines for Home, Office, Factory, and Farm 1964 Vintage Book https://t.co/V0XEBZAtxz
Out on the #ozarkprairie in #missouri haven't seen any scared cows yet : ) #eclipse #solareclipse
People do not decide to become extraordinary. They decide to accomplish extraordinary things. Edmund Hillary
I did my work slowly, drop by drop. I tore it out of me by pieces. Maurice Ravel, French composer
The sea is the universal sewer. Jacques Yves Cousteau
If you're not on a major label today, you're not gonna get played. They've got the market sewed up. Mickey Gilley
I had a career. His name was Ike. Mamie Eisenhower
If there's anything more mortifying than being famous at 14, it's being washed up right after. Moon Unit Zappa
To be happy is, I guess, the most important thing in life. Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark
Ike runs the country, and I turn the pork chops. Mamie Eisenhower
I want to see how far I can train. I have to see how far my body will go. Michelle Kwan, athlete
I think it all comes down to motivation. If you really want to do something, you will work hard for it. Edmund Hillary
That's the key to success, isn't it? It has to be fun. Monica Seles, athlete
Water and air, the two essential fluids on which all life depends, have become global garbage cans. Jacques Yves Cousteau
My mother did literally hitchhike barefoot to the country store. Moon Unit Zappa
Gag me with a spoon! Moon Unit Zappa
If you have good food, people will come to your restaurant. Mickey Gilley
If you quit once, it's so much easier to quit the second, third, fourth time. Michael Chang, athlete
You have to want to play it all day, every day to get to the top. Monica Seles, athlete
If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try, try, try again. Michael Chang, athlete
Nothing you wear is more important than your smile.  Connie Stevens
BEWARE OF FAKES: Don't blindly trust companies selling solar eclipse glasses on Amazon https://t.co/zJLfXrygsS via @Verge
If I am not mistaken, it was a British poet who said that 'no one is properly dressed unless he wears a smile.' Sukarno
Here’s how to avoid wrecking your car during the eclipse https://t.co/QSB9YxwkjQ
If you own these cars DON’T sell them, as these future classics could be worth a fortune https://t.co/KFVMSX4hVa
Dashboard glare could net Porsche owners free sunglasses https://t.co/CKpld2UKWq
Walmart Beats Amazon via @forbes https://t.co/W0miUg0yZT
Too many people today know the price of everything and the value of nothing.  Ann Landers
I'm 18 and I like it!  Alice Cooper
And know that I am with you always; yes, to the end of time.  Jesus Christ
So I say to you, Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock, and the door will be opened for you. Jesus Christ
Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy. Jesus Christ
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.  Jane Austen
God wants you well. God wants you prosperous. God wants you a whole person. Oral Roberts
Falling in love is a chemical reaction. But it wears off in a year. Yakov Smirnoff
I told my dentist my teeth are going yellow. he told me to wear a brown tie. Rodney Dangerfield
It has become a crusade of mine to demonstrate that TV need not be violent to be exciting. Gene Roddenberry
It's always an honor to represent your country. Sammy Sosa
Time is the fire in which we burn. Gene Roddenberry
We are all deserving of love.  Sandra Bullock
Make yourself comfortable in everything you do. Sammy Sosa
Stay true to your own voice, and don't worry about needing to be liked or what anybody else thinks.  Laura Dern
I believe there is a direct correlation between love and laughter. Yakov Smirnoff
There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them. Ray Bradbury
A lot of people do have tragic childhoods. But you know what? Get over it. Phil McGraw
You should learn from your competitor, but never copy. Copy and you die.  Jack Ma
Successful weight loss takes programming, not willpower. Phil McGraw
Take care of all your memories. For you cannot relive them. Bob Dylan
Cure sometimes, treat often, comfort always. Hippocrates
You got to have smelt a lot of mule manure before you can sing like a hillbilly. Hank Williams
When you like something, you find time to do it.  Yakov Smirnoff
I drink too much. The last time I gave a urine sample it had an olive in it. Rodney Dangerfield
Walking is man's best medicine. Hippocrates
I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her. Rodney Dangerfield
@tannergray5
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be. Kurt Vonnegut
I believe that laughter is a language of God and that we can all live happily ever laughter. Yakov Smirnoff
Review your goals twice every day in order to be focused on achieving them. Les Brown
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.  Bo Jackson
Begin somewhere. You cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do.	Liz Smith
Why do women get paid less money? It doesn't make any sense. Val Kilmer
I can not do everything, but I can do something. I must not fail to do the something that I can do.  Helen Keller
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it.  Lou Holts
When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them. Rodney Dangerfield
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. Thomas A. Edison
How to cool down a hot car faster than you can say 'ouch' https://t.co/H28Tpdpjvu
Failure doesn’t mean you are a failure it just means you haven’t succeeded yet.	Robert H. Schuller
Investors retreat from Nasdaq 100 ETF amid tech uncertainty https://t.co/UkFX6sGbXZ
Facebook passes Amazon in market cap and now sits on the brink of an exclusive club https://t.co/nPEKf6wvSe
Jeff Bezos' fortune falls by $6 billion overnight https://t.co/qKSNzABVOQ
The mind should be allowed some relaxation, that it may return to its work all the better for the rest.     	Seneca
The difference between a job and a career is the difference between forty and sixty hours a week. Robert Frost
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.  Eleanor Roosevelt
To be successful, look for the job you will take if you don't need a job. Warren Buffett
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that ur plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, &amp; set sail once more...	 Napoleon Hill
I've learned that making a 'living' is not the same thing as 'making a life'.  Maya Angelou
Autonomous driving will bring forced obsolescence to cars https://t.co/9HhgV4ZjOw
If we weren't all crazy, we'd just go insane. Jimmy Buffett
I was smart enough to go through any door that opened.  Joan Rivers
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. Henry David Thoreau
Never floss with a stranger.  Joan Rivers
I have witnessed the softening of the hardest of hearts by a simple smile.  Goldie Hawn
Love is a flower that blooms so tender, each kiss a dew drop of sweet surrender. Dean Martin
It takes no more time to see the good side of life than it takes to see the bad. Jimmy Buffett
I never dreamed about success, I worked for it. Estee Lauder
thanks...think it's true.  RT @CarrieHOlerich: Love!
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do. Anonymous
pets, kids, plants...can be a lot 2 take care of, lol! : ) RT @RaniMonson: Sadly it is...no pets, kids or plants -- we're all safer that way
I'm inspired by people who keep on rolling, no matter their age.  Jimmy Buffett
Well, you're nobody til somebody loves you, so find yourself somebody to love.  Dean Martin
No, say it isn't so! : ) https://t.co/ueDApEgpTc
Gardening is how I relax. It's another form of creating and playing with colors. Oscar de la Renta
I sell escapism. Jimmy Buffett
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.  John D. Rockefeller
When the world seems to shine like you've had too much wine, that's amore.   Dean Martin
Our faces reveal whether we're rich or poor https://t.co/RwbwMGgmm4
If you do what you love, it is the best way to relax. Christian Louboutin
Relax! Life is beautiful! David L. Wolper
Drinking coffee could lead 2 a longer life, scientist says: Makes no difference whether caffeinated or decaf https://t.co/iIIStELBNr
Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels. Kate Moss #diet #weightloss #young4ever
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse. Florence Nightingale
You are loved just for being who you are, just for existing. You don't have to do anything to earn it.  Ram Dass
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. Ayn Rand
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money. Johnny Cash
The best revenge is massive success.	Frank Sinatra
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.	Amelia Earhart
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure. Confucius
Survival was my only hope, success my only revenge. Patricia Cornwell
Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties. Helen Keller
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.	Beverly Sills
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.	Mother Teresa
Without leaps of imagination, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all is a form of planning. Gloria Steinem
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence, but it comes from within. It is there all the time.	Anna Freud
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.	Eleanor Roosevelt
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.	Mae West
It sounds really corny but I think that if you're beautiful inside it shows on the outside, for sure. Kate Moss
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar. Helen Keller
Grief is the price we pay for love. Queen Elizabeth II
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. Joyce Brothers
thought it was interesting...Ronald Reagan was a cool guy, in my opinion RT @LisaPerrin16: This is an awesome description!
👍 https://t.co/jZufgmO3Cl
@DavidHerzstein good questions..would be interesting to know...
Electric cars to account for all new vehicle sales in Europe by 2035 https://t.co/vpzG99vJWN
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.	Alice Walker
Maroon hollyhock pic ~ July beauty from the #Ozarks prairie.... https://t.co/EWhmVHaJQ2
Think I'm finally recovering from the holiday...had lots of company and good times!
I admire the courage and self-reliance it takes to start your own business and make it succeed. Martha Stewart
Charity is injurious unless it helps the recipient to become independent of it. John D. Rockefeller
Throughout the day no time for memorandums now. Go ahead! Liberty and independence forever. Davy Crockett
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes. Marcus Tullius Cicero
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. Albert Camus
We find it hard to believe that liberty could ever be lost in this country.  President Harry Truman
May the foundation of our new constitution, be justice, Truth and Righteousness. Like the wise Mans house (cont) https://t.co/YDCHYLqI6b
Republicans believe every day is the Fourth of July, but the democrats believe every day is April 15. Ronald Reagan
Don’t brood. Get on with living and loving. You don’t have forever. Leo Buscaglia
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right. Napoleon Hill
Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday. Brian Tracy
Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much. Erich Fromm
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. John R. Wooden
Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work. Stephen King
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. George Bernard Shaw
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.  Florence Nightingale
Love urself first &amp; everything else falls into line. You really have 2 love urself 2 get anything done in this world. Lucille Ball
If you want to make an easy job seem mighty hard, just keep putting off doing it.  Olin Miller
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.  George Lorimer
Action is the foundational key to all success.	 Pablo Picasso
1961: The final DeSoto showed this face to the world https://t.co/mNe8jaHB9a
Victory is sweetest when you’ve known defeat. Malcolm S. Forbes
Success is simple. Do what’s right, the right way, at the right time. Arnold H. Glasgow
Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again. Richard Branson
The best revenge is massive success.	Frank Sinatra
When the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, it may be that they take better care of it there.	Cecil Selig
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.	Les Brown
If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try.	Seth Godin
A mind that is stretched by new experiences can never go back to its old dimensions.	Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Whatever you are, be a good one.	Abraham Lincoln
There is only one way to avoid criticism: Do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.	Elbert Hubbard
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.	William James
Whatever you decide to do, make sure it makes you happy.	Paulo Coelho
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.	Eleanor Roosevelt
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.	Stephen Covey
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.	Mae West
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.	Kurt Cobain
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.	Milton Berle
It is never too late to be what you might have been.	George Eliot
If you don’t feel it, flee from it. Go where you are celebrated, not merely tolerated.	Paul F. Davis
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.  Ray Bradbury, Zen in the Art of Writing
You can’t build a reputation on what you’re going to do. Confucius
It’s not the days in your life, but the life in your days that counts. Brian White
Failure doesn’t mean you are a failure it just means you haven’t succeeded yet. Robert H. Schuller
Youthfulness is about how you live not when you were born. Karl Lagerfeld
Work to become, not to acquire. Elbert Hubbard
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. Thomas A. Edison
We are cups, constantly &amp; quietly being filled. The trick is, knowing how 2 tip ourselves over &amp; let the beautiful stuff out. Ray Bradbury
I think it’s the books that you read when you’re young that live with you forever.  J.K. Rowling
Just Cool Cars: This Plymouth Barracuda is a Sweet Pea https://t.co/oZLbLQqHPe
You're never too old for going to school or starting a business. : )
Really miss my dad...he taught me so much, loved me alot, and was always there to help : )
To a father growing old nothing is dearer than a daughter. Euripides
Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten. Conrad Hall
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters. George Herbert
https://t.co/DSDV1LJTqu https://t.co/eF5l9tiHrO
Failure doesn’t mean you are a failure it just means you haven’t succeeded yet.	Robert H. Schuller
It’s a cliché, but opportunities are rarely offered; they’re seized.	 Sheryl Sandberg
The best way to predict the future is to create it.	Abraham Lincoln
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.	Thomas A. Edison
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it.	Lou Holt
You can’t build a reputation on what you’re going to do.	 Confucius
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.	Mark Twain
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.	General George Patton
Desire! That’s the one secret of every person’s career. Not education. Not being born with hidden talents. Desire.	Johnny Carson
If you can DREAM it, you can DO it.	Walt Disney
Dreams are extremely important. You can’t do it unless you imagine it.	George Lucas
Find out what you like doing best and get someone to pay you for doing it.	Katherine Whitehorn
Work to become, not to acquire.	Elbert Hubbard
It’s not what you achieve, it’s what you overcome. That’s what defines your career.	Carlton Fis
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.	Confucius
If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on.	 Sheryl Sandberg
Car too hot inside? Use the PHEW! Principle to cool it quick! https://t.co/e5t4clMCz2
The trick is growing up without growing old. Casey Stengel
#TGIF #FF have a gr8t one! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @blassart @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes (cont) https://t.co/VZysUVWau4
Amazon removes  'Holocaust wound' from site following complaint from Auschwitz Memorial  https://t.co/iT17BFyUCk via @telegraphnews
The secret to staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.	 Lucille Ball quotes
For true success ask yourself these four questions: Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now? .	 James Allen
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.	 Tom Krause
You change the world by being yourself. Yoko Ono
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life. Yoko Ono
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. Thomas Jefferson
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. David Brinkley
Just Cool Cars '61 VW camper is 'old and slow' https://t.co/mNV2bSC27z
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. Willie Nelson
rock on diamond girls! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @blassart @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/rzREYHljOr
Donald Trump's Presidential Limousine Spotted Testing Again - NDTV CarAndBike https://t.co/yOv617iIC9
I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country.	Nathan Hale
All the brave soldiers that cannot get older	Been asking after you	  --Crosby Stills Nash - Daylight Again
Daylight again	Following me to bed	I think about a hundred years ago	How my fathers bled	--Crosby Stills Nash - Daylight Again
Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well.  Mark Twain
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. Steve Martin
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read. Groucho Marx
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. Thomas A. Edison
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. J.K. Rowling
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. Oscar Wilde
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. Elbert Hubbard
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. Robert Frost
FYI: Car Vending Machine https://t.co/L2LrywaImu
Ducks strolling a road at the Lake of the Ozarks - enjoying the rain. : ) #lakeoftheozarks https://t.co/DIYwvtkyHs
rock on!! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @voxlass @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/YZtoHBPau5
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. Oscar Wilde
Jay Leno: My Pierce-Arrow is a class act https://t.co/0V7AZ0inWy
U must have a clear understanding of when u want 2 achieve ur goal &amp; what ur prepared 2 invest 2 accomplish it.  Napoleon Hill
What do you get when you cross poison ivy with a four-leaf clover?  A rash of good luck. Author Unknown
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it. William A. Ward
Hem your blessings with thankfulness so they don't unravel. Author Unknown
What we are is God's gift to us.  What we become is our gift to God. Eleanor Powell
The Lord loveth a cheerful giver.  He also accepteth from a grouch. Catherine Hall
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.~Harry Golden
Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember it didn't work for the rabbit. R.E. Shay
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn’t know you left open. John Barrymore
Don't put the key to happiness in someone else's pocket. Author Unknown
The only sure thing about luck is that it will change. Wilson Mizner
Kindness, like a boomerang, always returns. Author Unknown
Be a rainbow in someone else’s cloud. Maya Angelou
There is one word which may serve as a rule of practice for all one's life — reciprocity. Confucius
Don't wait for people to be friendly, show them how. Author Unknown
A kind word is like a Spring day. Russian Proverb
Treat everyone with politeness, even those who are rude to you — not because they are nice, but because you are. Author Unknown
It's nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice. Author unknown
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth. Mohammed Ali
If you always give, you will always have. Chinese Proverb
In about the same degree as you are helpful, you will be happy. Karl Reiland
He who gives when he is asked has waited too long. Sunshine Magazine
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success! Doug Larson
The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you. John E. Southard
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him. Albert Schweitzer
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not. Dr. Seuss
We can do no great things, only small things with great love. Mother Teresa
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. Leo Nikolaevich Tolstoy
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. William James
Down in their hearts, wise men know this truth: the only way to help yourself is to help others. Elbert Hubbard
Teamwork is essential — it allows you to blame someone else. Author Unknown
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link. Author Unknown
Gallery: look at these cool old Citroens https://t.co/ioUbQYmgQf
Many hands make light work. John Heywood #teamwork #success
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Winston Churchill
have a rockin' friday! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/nzCzHlCOFQ
Until women are as ambitious as men, they're not gong to achieve as much as men. Sheryl Sandberg
Everything about mediocrity kills me. Ivanka Trump
If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one. Dolly Parton
Done is better than perfect. Sheryl Sandberg
The way in which you carry yourself, even when seated at a desk, matters. Ivanka Trump
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. Ayn Rand
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different. Coco Chanel
I choose to make the rest of my life the best of my life. Louise Hay
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.  Jane Goodall
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. Mother Teresa
It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent. Madeleine Albright
You can’t give up! If you give up, you’re like everybody else. Chris Evert
I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done. Lucille Ball
Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement. Golda Meir
My diet has definitely become greener; however, I am a big proponent of everything in moderation.  Ivanka Trump #diet #health
I didn’t get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it. Estée Lauder
RT @DebraMcCreery: Enjoy your break.  ~~~Thanks!
Been taking a break from Twitter...will be back soon! : )
Auschwitz stands as a tragic reminder of the terrible potential man has for violence and inhumanity. Billy Graham
God has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with. Billy Graham
It's always too early to quit. Norman Vincent Peale
God wants to bless us where we are. Joel Osteen
People respond when you tell them there is a great future in front of you, you can leave your past behind. Joel Osteen
Getting people to like you is merely the other side of liking them. Norman Vincent Peale
A real Christian is a person who can give his pet parrot to the town gossip. Billy Graham
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough. Meister Eckhart
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. Stephen Hawking
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky. Rabindranath Tagore
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself. Joseph Campbell
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect. Bruce Lee
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. Confucius
The framers of our Constitution meant we were to have freedom of religion, not freedom from religion. Billy Graham
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.' Muhammad Ali
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life. Joel Osteen
The only rule is don't be boring and dress cute wherever you go. Life is too short to blend in. Paris Hilton
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life. Buddha
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. Voltaire
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind. Joyce Meyer
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. Oprah Winfrey
Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful. Thich Nhat Hanh
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. Audrey Hepburn
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. Bruce Lee
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone. Reba McEntire
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. Charles R. Swindoll
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life. Yoko Ono
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.	Carol Burnett
Happy Friday all you peeps! : )
You can never love without giving.	 Robert Louis Stevenson
Intense love does not measure, it just gives.	 Mother Teresa
Do not abandon yourselves to despair. We are the Easter people and hallelujah is our song. Pope John Paul II
God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.' Billy Graham
For it is in giving that we receive.	 St. Francis of Assisi
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.	Nelson Mandela
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.	Thich Nhat Hanh
Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can't be done.	-Bo Bennett
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.	George Bernard Shaw
Every wall is a door.	 Ralph Waldo Emerson
The brightest stars are those who	shine for the benefit of others.	 Anonymous
If anyone has material possessions and sees his brother in need	but has no pity on him, how can the love of God be in him?	1 John 3:17
The future belongs to the competent. Get good, get better, be the best!  Brian Tracy
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. C.S. Lewis
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures.	The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.	 Lao Tzu
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110% all the time. Don Zimmer
Creativity is intelligence having fun. Albert Einstein
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right. Henry Ford
We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action. Dr. Henry Link
@Maine_Nitin You're right!
We owe a lot to Thomas Edison - if it wasn't for him, we'd be watching television by candlelight. Milton Berle
Reading is to the mind, as exercise is to the body. Brian Tracy
To see what is right and not do it is a lack of courage. Confucious
Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like? Brian Tracy
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do. Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up. Vince Lombardi
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. Will Rogers
@OrganicTalk @sddthatsme ...organic is cool! : )
Thanks for all my new (&amp; old!) followers...you peeps ROCK! : )
The way get started is to quit talking and begin doing. Walt Disney
DANGEROUS OVERTAKING! Stupid Crazy Drivers 2017, Extreme Driving Vehicle Fails, Road Rage And Sounds https://t.co/r1HIs72h7V
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting. Ralph Waldo Emerson
rock on! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass (cont) https://t.co/96spaVgScN
Every problem has in it the seeds of its own solution. If u don’t have any problems, u don’t get any seeds. Norman Vincent Peale
To a brave man, good and bad luck are like his left and right hand. He uses both. St Catherine of Siena
When you get to the end of the rope, tie a knot and hang on. Franklin D Roosevelt
An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie, for an excuse is a lie guarded. Pope John Paul I
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life’s about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. Thomas A Edison
When one door of happiness closes, another opens. Helen Keller
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.	 Will Rogers
Getting very close to (finally) publishing the digital and print version of my book, "Debbie's Diet Gourmet Cookbook"...am excited! : )
Hope ur weekend's been GR8T! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/kO4ZQg8U6U
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama
I like to say what I feel, and I think people respect that because you're honest. Eva Longoria
@OzoneparkPatti @VerseOnWine @celticsusan_ @dannibear1461 ?? in my mentions column as a remark to @newfrontiergirl.  Now, @newfrontiergirl is omitted, but STILL in my mentions column....hack?
You have to ‘Be’ before you can ‘Do’ and ‘Do’ before you can ‘Have’.	 Zig Ziglar
You must be the change you want to see in the world. Mahatma Gandhi
Formal education will make you a living. Self education will make you a fortune. Jim Rohn
Lots of people want to ride w/you in the limo, but what u want is someone who'll take the bus when the limo breaks down.  Oprah Winfrey
The test we must set for ourselves is not to march alone but to march in such a way that others wish to join us. Hubert Humphrey
Success is what you attract by the person you become.  Jim Rohn
Do you know what happens when you give a procrastinator a good idea? Nothing!	 Donald Gardner
Efficiency is doing things right. Effectiveness is doing the right things.	 Peter Drucker
The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.	 Stephen Covey #focus #success
@VerseOnWine @celticsusan_ @OzoneparkPatti @dannibear1461 Oops...wrong guy (sorry)...but, he's a #writer and that's cool ...is he still scratching? : )
@VerseOnWine He did pretty good with Hobby Lobby and the creative craft biz ...I'd settle 4 it : )
The secret to success is to start from scratch and keep on scratching. Dennis Green
Your attitude, not your aptitude, determines your altitude. Zig Ziglar
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. Elizabeth Bibesco
Pessimist : A person who says that O is the last letter of ZERO, instead of the first letter in word OPPORTUNITY.	 Anonymous
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.	Dr Wayne Dyer
Worst Car Repair Ever Compilation 2017 - Fail Fix Car You Won’t Believe Exist! Part.3 https://t.co/DFLw45AP9C
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. Christopher Columbus
Half of the troubles of this life can be traced to saying yes too quickly and not saying no soon enough. Josh Billings
@yankeedawg99 @THR Yes, he was a great comedian and entertainer...made so many people laugh.
Don Rickles, Legendary Comic With a Gift for the Insult, Dies at 90 https://t.co/cz9XvxtPB7 via @thr
Hey U Know Which is the best day 2 propose a girl?	April 1	U Know Why??	If she accept it’s ur luck otherwise just tell April Fooll
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. Chinese Proverb
The art of #leadership is saying no, not yes. It is very easy to say yes. Tony Blair
Nothing is foolproof to an extremely talented fool. #aprilfoolsday
If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing. Brad Szollose
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh -- at yourself. Ethel Barrymore
You never regret being kind. Nicole Shepherd
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for. Nancy D. Solomon
In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. Max De Pree
On the 1st of April Keep Calm and troll. #aprilfoolsday
April 1. This is the day upon which we are reminded of what we are on the other three hundred and sixty-four. Mark Twain
@PamelaJBates Yes!
It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor. Max Eastman
I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself. Robert E. Lee
If every fool wore a crown, we would all be kings. Luckily enough, we aren’t. #aprilfoolsday
Don't tell people how to do things; tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results. George S. Patton Jr.
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. Eleanor Roosevelt
Focus on the journey, not the destination. Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it. Greg Anderson
The most important lesson in our lives is to realize that even fools are right sometimes. #aprilfoolsday
Successful &amp; unsuccessful people do not vary greatly in abilities. They vary in desires 2 reach their potential. John Maxwell
What would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail? Robert Schuller
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. Thomas A. Edison
The No. 1 reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors. Napoleon Hill
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. Margaret Thatcher
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier; wish you were better. Jim Rohn
The successful warrior is the average man, with laserlike focus. Bruce Lee
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. Robert Collier
TIPS ON SAFE DRIVING IN RAIN https://t.co/MaPs6prFki
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. John D. Rockefeller
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. Eleanor Roosevelt
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. Charles Darwin
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. Albert Einstein
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.  Henry David Thoreau
have a rockin friday! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/cIY18LEjee
Dreams grow if you grow. Zig Ziglar
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game. Michael Jordan
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. Audrey Hepburn
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
If you treat your wife like a thoroughbred, you'll never end up with a nag. Zig Ziglar
Isn't it amazing how much stuff we get done the day before vacation? Zig Ziglar
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life. Yoko Ono
The best vitamin to be a happy person is B1. Author Unknown
It’s never too late to have a happy childhood. Berke Breathed
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive. Matt Cameron
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. Carol Burnett
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn’t know you left open. John Barrymore
If you want to be happy, be. Leo Tolstoy
As long as I have a want, I have a reason for living. Satisfaction is death. George Bernard Shaw
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare. Japanese Proverb
When the horse is dead, get off. Author Unknown
The young do not know enough 2be prudent, &amp; therefore they attempt the impossible &amp; achieve it, generation after generation. Pearl S. Buck
Map out your future, but do it in pencil. Jon Bon Jovi
Word by word the big books are made. French Proverb #writing #amwriting
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. Zig Ziglar
The greatest dreams are always unrealistic. Will Smith
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results. Jack Dixon
If you don't have time to do it right you must have time to do it over. Author Unknown
Of course I'm ambitious. What's wrong with that? Otherwise you sleep all day. Ringo Starr
I am looking for a lot of men who have an infinite capacity to not know what can't be done. Henry Ford
How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to? Anthony Robbins
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal. Earl Nightingale
God gives us dreams a size too big so that we can grow in them. Author Unknown
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible. Doug Larson
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. Les Brown
Above all else, deep in my soul, I'm a tough Irishwoman. Maureen O'Hara
Luck is believing you're lucky. Tennessee Williams
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone. Reba McEntire
Steve's Car Tip #10:  Six Important Facts About Brake Care (that you should know!) https://t.co/aQ9UwLDpJ8 via @wordpressdotcom
May your blessings outnumber	The shamrocks that grow,	And may trouble avoid you	Wherever you go.	Irish Blessing
If you're enough lucky to be Irish, you're lucky enough! Irish Saying
You gotta try ur luck at least once a day, because u could be going around lucky all day &amp; not even know it. Jimmy Dean
@janahooker06
What do you get when you cross poison ivy with a four-leaf clover?  A rash of good luck. Author Unknown
Never iron a four-leaf clover, because you don't want to press your luck.  Author Unknown
have a ROCKIN St Patty's Day!! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/WHp8A2Viom
You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?” George Bernard Shaw
You never fail until you stop trying. Albert Einstein
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle. Francis of Assisi
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. Walt Disney Company
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. Robert Louis Stevenson
None but ourselves can free our minds. Bob Marley
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
Turn your wounds into wisdom. Oprah Winfrey
And, in the end	The love you take	is equal to the love you make. Paul McCartney, The Beatles Illustrated Lyrics
hope you have a gr8t sunday! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/3e7kXfrfkH
i like that RT @JK_RoadGuy: @newfrontiergirl And through suffering comes strength and the ability to pull another through their struggle.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional. Haruki Murakami,
Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it. Lloyd Alexander
Hope is the thing w/ feathers	That perches in the soul	And sings the tune w/o the words	And never stops at all.  Emily Dickinson
May you live every day of your life.  Jonathan Swift
Whatever you are, be a good one. Abraham Lincoln
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet? L.M. Montgomery
First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, and then you win. Mahatma Gandhi
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past. F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby
I can't give u a sure-fire formula 4 success, but I can give u a formula for failure: try 2 please everybody all the time. Herb Swope
Peace begins with a smile.  Mother Teresa
Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway. Eleanor Roosevelt
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! Audrey Hepburn
A person's a person, no matter how small.  Dr. Seuss, Horton Hears a Who!
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then. Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Winston S. Churchill
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. Theodore Roosevelt
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me. C.S. Lewis
Everything you can imagine is real. Pablo Picasso
It is never too late to be what you might have been. George Eliot
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.  Thomas A. Edison
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present. Bil Keane
Without music, life would be a mistake. Friedrich Nietzsche
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. Oscar Wilde
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.  John Lennon
Could your car be hacked by cybercriminals? An eye-opening demonstration https://t.co/A69etcu0n1
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.  Ralph Waldo Emerson
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it. Richard Bach
Thanks for all my new (&amp; old!) followers...you peeps ROCK! : )
The only exercise some people get is jumping 2conclusions, running down friends, side-stepping responsibility, &amp;pushing their luck! Unknown
Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important. Janet Lane
Jumping for joy is good exercise. Author Unknown
Perhaps the truth depends on a walk around the lake. Wallace Stevens
When you possess light within, you see it externally. Anaïs Nin
I challenge you to make your life a masterpiece. Tony Robbins
Do not anticipate trouble or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight. Benjamin Franklin
Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. St. Augustine
Me thinks that the moment my legs begin to move, my thoughts begin to flow. Henry David Thoreau
Gluttony is an emotional escape, a sign something is eating us. Peter De Vries #diet #health #young4ever
The greatest wealth is health. Virgil #diet #exercise #health #young4ever
After dinner sit a while, and after supper walk a mile. English Saying
One joy scatters a hundred griefs. Chinese Proverb
It is exercise alone that supports the spirits, and keeps the mind in vigor. Marcus Tullius Cicero
Get busy living, or get busy dying. Stephen King
March brings breezes loud and shrill,	Stirs the dancing daffodil.	Sara Coleridge (1802–1852)
What a wonderful life I’ve had! I only wish I’d realized it sooner. Colette
If you don't have the time to read, you don't have the time or the tools to write. Stephen King
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn’t know you left open. John Barrymore
I have two doctors, my left leg and my right.  G.M. Trevelyan
Enjoyment is just the sound of being centered. Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh
The body never lies. Martha Graham #dance #exercise #health #young4ever
Isn’t it cool when the days that are supposed to feel good, actually do? Jim Carrey
Cheerfulness is what greases the axles of the world. Don’t go through life creaking. H.W. Byles
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. Tony Robbins
There are some days when I think I’m going to die from an overdose of satisfaction. Salvador Dali
I think you might dispense with half your doctors if you would only consult Dr. Sun more. Henry Ward Beecher
Clogged with yesterday's excess, the body drags the mind down with it. Horace
A man's health can be judged by which he takes two at a time — pills or stairs. Joan Welsh
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness. Lady Blessington
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart. Khalil Gibran
Those who think they have not time for bodily exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness. Edward Stanley
A little madness in the Spring	Is wholesome even for the King. Emily Dickinson
Live with passion! Tony Robbins
But in every walk with Nature one receives far more than he seeks. John Muir, July 1877
25 Safe Driving and Road Safety Tips for 2017 https://t.co/fkGW2cv9EE
A smile is the light in the window of your face that tells people you're at home. Author Unknown
Live in rooms full of light. Cornelius Celsus #health #diet #young4ever
Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush.  Doug Larson
have a ROCKIN weekend! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/GCWe0qUl81
What does 50 years of the SEMA Show Mean to You - Richard Petty https://t.co/H5AY00fAwD
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. Carol Burnett
Talent is an accident of genes - and a responsibility. Alan Rickman
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made. Groucho Marx
Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. Marlon Brando
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110 percent all the time. Don Zimmer
What does 50 years of the SEMA Show Mean to You - Richard Petty https://t.co/VsiK9Yfl8h
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful. John Wooden
https://t.co/NxI3VqZ8Ez https://t.co/yEJKKsq0Rm
A precondition for reading good books is not reading bad ones: for life is short. Arthur Schopenhauer,
He who reigns within himself and rules his passions, desires, and fears is more than a king. John Milton
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.	Jim Rohn
One always has time enough, if one will apply it well.  Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
@FRAMMER66 nice of you to say &amp; true : )..Dick Van Dyke was a comedy show from 1961 to 1966 (for those who don't know) --was very popular
Every minute you spend in planning saves 10 minutes in execution; this gives you a 1,000 percent return on energy!	Brian Tracy
Time is the most valuable coin in your life. You and you alone will determine how that coin will be spent.	Carl Sandburg
The great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed in five words: "I did not have time". Franklin Field
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do.	Bob Dylan
Women will never be as successful as men because they have no wives to advise them. Dick Van Dyke
Put all your eggs in one basket and watch that basket. Andrew Carnegie
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success. Dr. Joyce Brothers
I've learned time management, organization and I have priorities. Tory Burch
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction. Al Bernstein
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success. You've got to keep working that talent. Irving Berlin
Be self-reliant and your success is assured. Anonymous
A successful man continues to look for work after he has found a job. Anonymous
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up. Woody Allen
Unless you're willing to have a go, fail miserably, and have another go, success won't happen. Phillip Adams
God gives every bird a worm, but he does not throw it into the nest. Swedish Proverb
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life – think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Swami Vivekananda
The difference between failure and success is doing a thing nearly right and doing a thing exactly right. Edward Simmons
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. Christopher Morley
It takes 20 years to make an overnight success. Eddie Cantor
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.	Dale Carnegie
No, my entire life is planned. It's called time management. Sean Hayes
Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.	Robert Kiyosaki
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.	Bruce Lee
It is our choices, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.	J. K Rowling
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.	Mark Twain
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.	David Brinkley
If u don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away ur time &amp; talents. Value what u know &amp; start charging for it.	Kim Garst
have a rockin' weekend! : ) @howcrazy: @JaniceEFletcher @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/w32EzllOHK
RT @JaniceEFletcher: @howcrazy @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @newfrontiergirl @kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass @PeperArt @Marenart Tha…
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.	Thomas A. Edison
Springtime Auto Tips - ASE https://t.co/PmBFFbDAth
@RichStremlow thanks...has been great...same to you!
Love Is in the Air : )  #Valentines
Hope all you "lovebird peeps" are able to be with your love on Valentine's Day!
We are most alive when we're in love. John Updike
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another. Thomas Merton
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love. Maya Angelou
10 Tips for Aspiring Classic Car Collectors | Architectural Digest https://t.co/Z7F3km4pMf
Pump it in there, baby. Just keep matriculating the ball down the field, boys. Hank Stram, legendary Kansas City Chiefs head coach
That's the biggest gap in sports, the difference between the winner and the loser of the Super Bowl.  John Madden
We did it together. Not one individual carried this team. Troy Vincent
Win it, or it's start all over around here. Troy Vincent
The greatest thing is to win your first Super Bowl. Tom Landry
Even when I was playing, I never thought much about the individual honors. I wanted to go to the Super Bowl. Joe Greene
The Super Bowl is Americana at its most kitsch and fun. Sting
There is no future. This is the season. Get to the Super Bowl. Troy Vincent, former NFL defensive back
You don't get any medal for trying something, you get medals for results. Bill Parcells
Success is not forever and failure isn't fatal. Don Shula
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at. Bruce Lee
Happiness is not a goal...it's a by-product of a life well lived. Eleanor Roosevelt
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. Albert Einstein
have a rockin' friday! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/KVxOZutX3s
10 Forgotten Muscle Cars That Deserve to Be Restored https://t.co/AMJQOY72dL
Five Tips For Restoring A Classic Car https://t.co/qFuQhcdxCr
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe. Norman Vincent Peale
Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change. Wayne W. Dyer
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. George Bernard Shaw
God made you a masterpiece - be blessed, secure, disciplined and equipped. Joel Osteen
Imagination is the true magic carpet. Norman Vincent Peale
To say goodbye is to die a little. Raymond Chandler, The Long Goodbye
But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change. Katharine Hepburn, Me: Stories of My Life
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that. Norman Vincent Peale
Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change. Mary Shelley, Frankenstein
The older I get, the better I understand that every day is a gift. Joel Osteen
It's always too early to quit. Norman Vincent Peale
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. Leo Tolstoy
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind. Joyce Meyer
If you want to reap financial blessings, you have to sow financially. Joel Osteen
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy. Joel Osteen
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive. Matt Cameron
We r products of our past, but we don't have 2b prisoners of it. Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. Joyce Brothers
I never thought a role model should be negative. Michael Jordan
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
HOW TO WASH A CAR WITH A BABY https://t.co/QwbDwH1APt
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. Jimmy Dean
Hope all you peeps have had a good week : )
10 important things to keep in your car this winter https://t.co/H5UNWpAh2H
This great Nation will endure as it has endured, will revive &amp; will prosper. Franklin D. Roosevelt, 1st Inaugural Address, 3/4/33.
In this present crisis, government is not the solution 2 our problem; government is the problem. Ronald Reagan, 1st Inaugural Address
America is never wholly herself unless she is engaged in high moral principle.  George H.W. Bush, Inaugural Address, Jan. 20, 1989
Ford Bronco 'Air Roof' Will Give You Open-Air Off-Roading https://t.co/HdZH7l8tPO
Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way. Charles Bukowski
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I react to it. Charles Swindoll
The best revenge is massive success. Frank Sinatra
When the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, it may be that they take better care of it there. Cecil Selig
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. Amelia Earhart
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. Ancient Indian Proverb
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. Harriet Beecher Stowe
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. Les Brown
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. Gloria Steinem
If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on. Sheryl Sandberg
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence, but it comes from within. It is there all the time. Anna Freud
Whatever you decide to do, make sure it makes you happy. Unknown
There is no passion to be found in playing small—in settling for a life that is less than you are capable of living. Nelson Mandela
It is never too late to be what you might have been. George Eliot
A mind troubled by doubt cannot focus on the course to victory. Arthur Golden
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. Steve Jobs
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say, and not giving a damn. Gore Vidal
The harder I practice, the luckier I get. Gary Player
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. Chris Grosser
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. Mae West
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are. Marilyn Monroe
The future depends on what you do today. Mahatma Gandhi
Go where you are celebrated—not tolerated. If they can't see the real value of you, it's time for a new start. Unknown
Find out what you like doing best, and get someone to pay you for it. Katharine Whitehorn
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. Alice Walker
Work hard. And have patience. Because no matter who you are, you're going to get hurt in your career. Randy Johnson
The #writing career is not a romantic one. The writer's life may be colorful, but his work itself is rather drab. Mary Roberts Rinehart
How NOT to Drive on Ice! https://t.co/DqJfxVwk3y
I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan
Winter is on my head, but eternal spring is in my heart. Victor Hugo
Winter allows us to wrap up in the comforting scarf of healing, but we must slow down to allow its magic. Terri Guillemets
What good is the warmth of summer without the cold of winter to give it sweetness. Author Unknown
One kind word can warm three winter months. Japanese Proverb
Here's how Google Maps knows when there is traffic https://t.co/tEHcRKzQxe
There are only two seasons - winter and Baseball. Bill Veeck
Winter is not a season, it's an occupation. Sinclair Lewis
if it's over 26 degrees, I'm jealous! : ) RT @lottieb46: @newfrontiergirl Sorry, but here in Houston, the temp has exceeded my age
How to correct a slide on an icy road (and how to prevent them) - Winter driving education https://t.co/Gkf7Qwe1BA
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. William Blake
We're waiting for a big ice storm in the plains...local Walmart was sold out of nearly all bread, milk and no bananas : (
For where thy treasure is, there also will thy heart be. Holy Bible: King James Version
Jesus was saying that you can't have a larger life with restricted attitudes.  Joel Osteen,
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. Thomas A. Edison
Without music, life would be a mistake. Friedrich Nietzsche
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success. Henry David Thoreau
Without the vision of a goal, a man cannot manage his own life, much less the lives of others. Jack Weatherford
Resolution One: I will live for God. Resolution Two: If no one else does, I still will.	 Jonathan Edwards
Successful weight loss takes programming, not willpower. Phil McGraw #diet #weightloss #young4ever
What Trump represents is pure willpower and the notion of breaking through the system. Newt Gingrich
How few there are who have courage enough to own their faults, or resolution enough to mend them. Benjamin Franklin
have a rockin' weekend! : ) RT @tracycopy: @howcrazy Happy Day all! @geewilikers @JanRomes @kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/gWRle3Phio
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. Abraham Lincoln
Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it. René Descartes, Discourse on Method
Passing The Test Of Time: Cars Owners Keep For A Decade Or Longer https://t.co/tB9VJTHEBn
RT @GrrrGraphics: #NationalBirdDay had to share my trail cam picture of two bald eagles coming in for lunch. #Montana,  my backyard #eagles…
One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: ‘To rise above little things’. John Burroughs
I'm either going to be a writer or a bum. Carl Sandburg
A somebody was once a nobody who wanted to and did. John Burroughs
Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep. Carl Sandburg
Love your neighbor as yourself; but don't take down the fence. Carl Sandburg
One of the greatest necessities in America is to discover creative solitude. Carl Sandburg
The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are. John Burroughs
To be a good loser is to learn how to win. Carl Sandburg
In these times you have to be an optimist to open your eyes when you awake in the morning. Carl Sandburg
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention. John Burroughs
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves. Bill Vaughan
A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else. John Burrough
Youth is when you are allowed to stay up late on New Year's Eve. Middle age is when you are forced to. Bill Vaughn
Deep breaths are very helpful at shallow parties. Barbara Walters
Hatch Watch! Nation Monitors Bald Eagle Eggs on Live Cam https://t.co/nSFMpOxhFh
A year from now, you're gonna weigh more or less than what you do right now. Phil McGraw
Each age has deemed the new-born year the fittest time for festal cheer. Walter Scott
I never worry about being driven to drink; I just worry about being driven home. W. C. Fields
Leap and the net will appear. John Burroughs
Do not despise your own place and hour. Every place is under the stars, every place is the center of the world. John Burroughs
If I were to name the three most precious resources of life, I should say books, friends, and nature.... John Burroughs
Money is to my social existence what health is to my body. Mason Cooley
Many people look forward to the new year for a new start on old habits. Author unknown
I never worry about being driven to drink; I just worry about being driven home. W. C. Fields
The time I kill is killing me. Mason Cooley
I go to nature to be soothed and healed, and to have my senses put in order. John Burrough
Resolution One: I will live for God. Resolution Two: If no one else does, I still will. Jonathan Edwards
Good parties create a temporary youthfulness. Mason Cooley
I learned you can't trust the judgment of good friends. Carl Sandburg
First you take a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes you. F. Scott Fitzgerald
Nothing happens unless first we dream. Carl Sandburg
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.(or woman!) : )  Benjamin Franklin
And now we welcome the new year. Full of things that have never been. Rainer Maria Rilke
Hope smiles from the threshold of the year to come, whispering, 'It will be happier.' Alfred Lord Tennyson
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year. Ralph Waldo Emerson
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted. Aesop
A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money. John Ruskin
Most Fuel-Efficient New Cars https://t.co/93ZsMbRUjN
North American Truck of the Year: A Retrospective... https://t.co/t3bwisdpXt
Happy Holidays all you peeps! : )
Volkswagen Expected to Pay Another $1 Billion in Emissions Scandal https://t.co/C9dANh9RBw
Hollywood Legend Zsa Zsa Gabor Dies at 99 https://t.co/iFvsykjZxb via @variety
Three phrases that sum up Christmas are: Peace on Earth, Goodwill to Men, and Batteries not Included.	 Unknown
In the wintertime, in the snow country, citrus fruit was so rare, and if u got one, it was better than ambrosia. James Earl Jones
Gee, do they still make wooden Christmas trees?  Linus
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.		 Charles Dickens
Car Talk: Coasting downhill in neutral — bonus or bogus? https://t.co/VZ4eo41clm
Hold fast to dreams For when dreams go Life is a barren field Frozen with snow. Langston Hughes
Isnt there anyone who knows what Christmas is all about? -Charlie Brown
Then comes Winter, with bluster and snow,	That brings to our cheeks the ruddy glow...	Gertrude Tooley Buckingham
Winter is on my head, but eternal spring is in my heart. Victor Hugo
Winter is not a season, it’s an occupation. Sinclair Lewis
Winter allows us to wrap up in the comforting scarf of healing, but we must slow down to allow its magic. Terri Guillemets
Blow, blow, thou Winter Wind,	Thou art not so unkind, as Man’s Ingratitude...	William Shakespeare, As You Like It
Christmas will always be as long as we stand heart to heart and hand in hand.		 Dr Seuss
Cooking is like snow skiing: If you don't fall at least 10 times, then you're not skiing hard enough. Guy Fieri
I go to the gym 3 days a week. You have to or else - I don't want 2b the guy that dies shoveling snow. Douglas Coupland
Courtesies cannot be borrowed like snow shovels; you must have some of your own. John Wanamaker
And as he spoke of understanding, I looked up and saw the rainbow leap with flames of many colors over me. Black Elk
I love raw cookie dough, right out of the tube.	The other thing I eat is marshmallow fluff.	Sandra Bullock
After the horse dance was over, it seemed that I was above the ground and did not touch it when I walked. Black Elk
In seed-time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. William Blake
Melancholy were the sounds on a winter's night.		 Virginia Woolf
Heap on more wood! the wind is chill; But let it whistle as it will, We'll keep our Christmas merry still.		 Sir Walter Scott
Hope all you peeps are safe and warm tonight...it's icy here in Missouri...eek! : )
I grew up on the edge of a national park in Canada - timberwolves, creeks, snow drifts. Dan Aykroyd
The snow goose need not bathe to make itself white. Neither need you do anything but be yourself. Lao Tzu
Sometimes dreams are wiser than waking. Black Elk
Some days I would go without any fire at all, and eat raw frozen meat and melt snow in my mouth for water. Buffalo Bill 1846-1917
Snow provokes responses that reach right back to childhood. Andy Goldsworthy
Advice is like snow - the softer it falls, the longer it dwells upon, &amp; the deeper it sinks into the mind. Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Christmas cookies and happy hearts, this is how the holiday starts.  Unknown
2017 10Best Trucks and SUVs Preview https://t.co/IUrX68RJKd
BMW Partners With IBM To Add Watson's Cognitive Computing Capabilities To Its Cars https://t.co/zo45N1eK4W
VW Beetle vs. Mini Cooper: Compare Cars https://t.co/coZIwkTeXi
He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree. Roy L. Smith
There is no place more delightful than one's own fireplace.	 Marcus Tullius Cicero
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful. Norman Vincent Peale
Maybe Christmas, the Grinch thought, doesn't come from a store. Dr. Seuss
There are only two seasons - winter and Baseball. Bill Veeck
And know that I am with you always; yes, to the end of time. Jesus Christ
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness. Chinese Proverb
In winter, I plot and plan. In spring, I move. Henry Rollins
You can't get too much winter in the winter. Robert Frost
Brewing a good cuppa is something not everyone can do, and I loathe bad tea. Rod Stewart
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face. Victor Hugo
I have a microwave fireplace in my house. The other night I laid down in front of the fire 4 the evening in 2 minutes.	 Stephen Wright
He who wants to warm himself in old age must build a fireplace in his youth.	 German Proverb
You can't get a cup of tea big enough or a book long enough to suit me. C. S. Lewis
I got nasty habits; I take tea at three. Mick Jagger
Winter is on my head, but eternal spring is in my heart. Victor Hugo
Blessed is the match consumed in kindling flame	Blessed is the flame that burns in the secret fastness of the heart	Hannah Senesh
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life. Buddha
Winter is not a season, it’s an occupation. Sinclair Lewis
Winter winds sweep away the dead leaves of our lives. Terri Guillemets
Go to bed in your fireplace, you'll sleep like a log.	 Ellen DeGeneres
Winter is nature’s way of saying, "Up yours." Robert Byrne
The color of springtime is in the flowers; the color of winter is in the imagination. Terri Guillemets
One kind word can warm three winter months. Japanese Proverb
In seed-time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. William Blake
Car theft warning: High-tech device can give thieves access in seconds https://t.co/jfYg8pUdnh
https://t.co/SPqdi37nmP https://t.co/h4hFkJSjSh
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy. Anton Chekhov
Rock On! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass (cont) https://t.co/g5ltM1wXKT
Ford releases for sale half of 10-speed F-150 stockpiled trucks https://t.co/efsxkx6Ot5
'Remember Pearl Harbor, never again.' We need to keep that to mind.  Oliver North
May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't. George Patton
For all the failures of naval, air &amp; army defense, the men who died at Pearl Harbor ...would not die in vain. Nigel Hamilton
Audi unveiling technology that can 'read' red lights https://t.co/mB2RkPdyij
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. Winston Churchill
I believe if u keep ur faith, u keep ur trust, u keep the right attitude, if ur grateful, u'll see God open up new doors. Joel Osteen
If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share. W. Clement Stone
I pray to start my day and finish it in prayer. Tim Tebow
I really try to enjoy life and have joy with what I do. Tim Tebow
I often think that the night is more alive and more richly colored than the day. Vincent Van Gogh
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day. Jim Rohn
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more.  Oprah Winfrey
The best way to predict the future is to create it. Peter Drucker
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. Buddha
It's not about working anymore, its about doing work I can be proud of. Paul Walker
Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you. Saint Augustine
Never meet trouble half-way. John Ray
I put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the process. Vincent Van Gogh
Never give up. Today is hard, tomorrow will be worse, but the day after tomorrow will be sunshine. Jack Ma
A gentle word, a kind look, a good-natured smile can work wonders and accomplish miracles. William Hazlitt
Good words cool more than cold water. John Ray
Ford recalls 680,000 cars; seat belts may not hold in crash https://t.co/MQMYJO5jZP
I am among those who think that science has great beauty. Marie Curie
I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty. Edgar Allan Poe #amwriting
The window to the world can be covered by a newspaper. Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out. Jenn Proske
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, thats the doorway 2 her heart, the place where love resides. Audrey Hepburn
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. Marie Curie
I learned the value of hard work by working hard. Margaret Mead
Sometimes something worth doing is worth overdoing. Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece. John Ruskin
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. Satchel Paige
it works! : ) RT @laurarobinsontv: @newfrontiergirl my mom said this to me often. I followed this advice and guess what? I love my job! 😊
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. Rumi
There is no substitute for hard work. Thomas A. Edison
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid. Benjamin Franklin
Follow ur passion, be prepared 2 work hard &amp; sacrifice, &amp;, above all, don't let anyone limit ur dreams. Donovan Bailey
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
Nice car..,a fully electric Porsche...		https://t.co/WwQdrr3g3g https://t.co/ezEYiBde1h
What art offers is space — a certain breathing room for the spirit. John Updike
If people concentrated on the really important things in life, there'd be a shortage of fishing poles. Doug Larson
Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body. Cicero
Joy and Temperance and Repose	Slam the door on the doctor's nose.	Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
If I'd known I was going to live so long, I'd have taken better care of myself. Leon Eldred
When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace. Author Unknown
The mark of a successful man is one that has spent an entire day on the bank of a river w/o feeling guilty about it. Author Unknown
In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired. Author Unknown
He lives most life whoever breathes most air. Elizabeth Barrett Browning
The greatest wealth is health. Virgil
Breath is Spirit. The act of breathing is Living. Author Unknown
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety. Aesop, Fables
A sad soul can kill you quicker than a germ. John Steinbeck
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing. Redd Foxx
For fast-acting relief, try slowing down. Lily Tomlin
Each day should have a clearly marked emergency exit sign. Dr. SunWolf,
There is more to life than increasing its speed. Mohandas K. Gandhi
I try to take one day at a time, but sometimes several days attack me at once. Jennifer Yane
Federal transportation officials looking for driverless car proving grounds https://t.co/PRtfYSWXMA
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop. Ovid
The natural role of twentieth-century man is anxiety. Norman Mailer
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it. Sydney J. Harris	R
An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day. Henry David Thoreau
I may never fly—in the bird sort of way. But I do have wings. Jacqueline Simon Gunn
I'd rather die while I'm living than live while I'm dead.  Jimmy Buffett
If you lose your temper, you lose! Richard Diaz
If you are in a bad mood go for a walk.If you are still in a bad mood go for another walk. Hippocrates
Exercises are like prose, whereas yoga is the poetry of movements. Amit Ray
All truly great thoughts are conceived while walking.  Friedrich Nietzsche
I don't count my sit-ups; I only start counting when it starts hurting because they’re the only ones that count.  Muhammad Ali
I didn't mind basic training. It taught me that something that seems impossible at the start can be achieved. Arnold Schwarzenegger
If I can see it and believe it, then I can achieve it. Arnold Schwarzenegger
You can be beautiful and young even as you get older. Keep an active life.  Lailah Gifty Akita
We may encounter many defeats but we must NOT be defeated. Maya Angelou
A bear, however hard he tries, grows tubby without exercise. A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh
No disease that can be treated by diet should be treated with any other means. Maimonides
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. John D. Rockefeller
I am a better person when I have less on my plate. Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love
The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it. Tricia Cunningham
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills.  Jim Rohn
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can’t, you’re right!. Henry Ford
Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again. Richard Branson
Watch, listen, and learn. You can’t know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. Donald Trump
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. Dale Carnegie
Pretty cool... https://t.co/gR47xiXwzI
Driverless 'Roborace' car makes street track debut in Marrakech https://t.co/kQO7QkDHt2
At home I'm a nice guy: but I don't want the world 2 know. Humble people, I've found, don't get very far. Muhammad Ali
You look out there and there's people that, their day is changed because of your contribution to it. Brad Paisley
The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda. John C. Maxwell
If you have zest and enthusiasm you attract zest and enthusiasm. Life does give back in kind. Norman Vincent Peale
The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking. Robert H. Schuller
Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future. Robert H. Schuller
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. Jim Rohn
Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better. Albert Camus
A problem is a chance for you to do your best. Duke Ellington
If I had an hour 2 solve a problem I'd spend 55 minutes thinking about the problem &amp; 5 minutes thinking about solutions. Einstein
Giving Today’s Car a Well-Tuned Interior https://t.co/wa9jt4YpPT
War is over ... If you want it.  John Lennon
The road to health is paved with good intestines!  Sherry A. Rogers
It is easier to change a man's religion than to change his diet. Margaret Mead
Whenever you are confronted with an opponent. Conquer him with love. Mahatma Gandhi
Dieting is the only game where you win when you lose! Karl Lagerfeld
Peace comes from within.  Do not seek it without. Gautama Buddha
The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it. Tricia Cunningham
If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace.  John Lennon
Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants.	 Michael Pollan, In Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto
Peace begins with a smile. Mother Teresa
May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. Edward Abbey
Leon Russell Dead at 74  https://t.co/facyUR3E2G via @pitchfork
It is not our differences that divide us. It is our inability to recognize, accept, &amp; celebrate those differences. Audre Lorde
Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes. Roy Bennett
A man should be able to hear, and to bear, the worst that could be said of him. Saul Bellow
In a matter of weeks, he had learned that w/o suffering &amp; doubt, there can be no whole human being. Sinclair Lewis, Kingsblood Royal
Learning to trust is one of life's most difficult tasks. Isaac Watts
To be or not to be is not a question of compromise. Either you be or you don't be. Golda Meir
Do any men grow up or do they only come of age? Stephen King
You are never too old to become younger! Mae West
Let no one think that flexibility and a predisposition to compromise is a sign of weakness or a sell-out. Paul Kagame
Acceptance doesn't mean resignation; it means understanding something is what it is &amp; there's got to be a way thru it. Michael J. Fox
Youth condemns; maturity condones. Amy Lowell
Happiness walks on busy feet.	Kitte Turmell
May your spirit soar throughout the vast cathedral of your being.	Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Silence is a source of great strength.	Lao Tzu
Just when the caterpillar thought	the world was over, it became a butterfly.	Anonymous
Hope all you peeps have a ROCKIN Saturday! : )
This above all, to thine own self be true.	William Shakespeare
Anger is like a thorn in the heart.	Yiddish Proverb
Happiness depends upon ourselves.	Aristotle
Don't let one cloud obliterate the whole sky.	Anais Nin
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.	Henry Ford
To cure jealousy is to see it for what it is,	a dissatisfaction with self.	Joan Didion
Hate is never conquered by hate,	Hate is only conquered by love.	-The Buddha
Where there is great love,	there are always miracles.	Willa Cather
Lord, grant that I might not so much	seek to be loved as to love.	St. Francis of Assisi
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the	gift of unconditional love and acceptance.	Brian Tracy
Those who realize their folly are not true fools.	Zhuangzi
If I feel frustrated in a situation, I take a deep breath and walk away. Iman
Without heroes, we are all plain people, and don’t know how far we can go. Bernard Malamud
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened. Billy Graham
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself. Joseph Campbell
This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave. Elmer Davis
The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction. Charles Spurgeon
It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived. George S. Patton
America's Veterans have served their country w/the belief that democracy &amp; freedom r ideals 2b upheld around the world. John Doolittle
Duty, Honor, Country. Those three hallowed words reverently dictate what u ought 2b, what u can b, what u will b. Douglas MacArthur
I think there is one higher office than president and I would call that patriot. Gary Hart
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. Zig Ziglar
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude. John C. Maxwell
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. Les Brown
Daimler Launches Private Car Sharing App, All Makes May Apply https://t.co/OtRXSA0OcY
How come we choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America? Author Unknown
Politicians &amp; diapers should be changed frequently &amp; all 4 the same reason. José Maria de Eça de Queiroz, translated from Portuguese
It's not the voting that's democracy; it's the counting. Tom Stoppard, Jumpers
If the World Series runs until election day, the networks will run the first one-half inning and project the winner. Lindsey Nelson
I'm tired of hearing it said that democracy doesn't work.  Of course it doesn't work.  We are supposed to work it. Alexander Woollcott
luv it!  RT @49Westend: @newfrontiergirl those baby boomers paid their fair share ! Nobodys taking care of them they took care of themselves
The most important political office is that of the private citizen. Louis Brandeis
Truth is not determined by majority vote. Doug Gwyn
George Washington is the only president who didn't blame the previous administration for his troubles. Author Unknown
Do you ever get the feeling that the only reason we have elections is to find out if the polls were right? Robert Orben
Half of Baby Boomers Face a Frightening Retirement Reality: But There's Worse News Incoming |  https://t.co/hCIrfoqpwk
Wonder how the election will affect Social Security and the Baby Boomers ...a huge population...how many are there to take care of?
Hell, I never vote for anybody, I always vote against.  W.C. Fields
Security vendor demonstrates hack of U.S. e-voting machine https://t.co/ZIIlfsVSdi via @computerworld
A short history lesson on presidents winning without the popular vote https://t.co/UDGaxd7n99 via @usatoday
Harvest soup cooking on the stove right now... : ) https://t.co/EuSK2bxteV
Nothing tastes as good as being healthy feels. Author unknown #diet #weightloss #young4ever
Work as if you own the company and soon you just might. Mike Dolan, @HawaiianLife
Gallup: 52% of Voters Say Media Biased in Favor of Clinton
Rich, fatty foods are like destiny: they too, shape our ends. Author unknown
Your stomach shouldn't be a waist basket. Author unknown
Let God's promises shine on your problems. Corrie Ten Boom
Don't dig your grave with your own knife and fork. English proverb
The feeling remains that God is on the journey, too. Teresa of Avila
What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God. Hans Urs von Balthasar
Every evening I turn my worries over to God. He's going to be up all night anyway. Mary C. Crowley
Government in the U.S. today is a senior partner in every business in the country. Norman Cousins
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell. Confucius
People that pay for things never complain. It’s the guy you give something to that you can’t please. Will Rogers
Professionalism is a frame of mind, not a paycheck. Cecil Castle
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. Thoughts are things!  Napoleon Hill
Are you a serial idea–starting person? The goal is to be an idea–shipping person. – Seth Godin #business #entrepreneur
Industry is the soul of business and the keystone of prosperity  Charles Dickens
Business is more exciting than any game  Lord Beaverbrook
Bigger snacks mean bigger slacks. Author unknown
In business, I’ve discovered that my purpose is to do my best to my utmost ability every day. That’s my standard.  Donald Trump
Long–range planning works best in the short term.  Doug Evelyn
Dieting is wishful shrinking. Author unknown
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business.  J. Paul Getty
Those who say it can not be done, should not interrupt those doing it. Chinese Proverb
Do or do not. There is no try.  Yoda
People are best convinced by things they themselves discover.  Ben Franklin
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive 2 change. Chas Darwin
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself, any direction you choose.  Dr. Seuss
Only when the tide goes out do you discover who’s been swimming naked.  Warren Buffett
There is no security on the earth, there is only opportunity.  General Douglas MacArthur
All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind.  Aristotle
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them more.  Oscar Wilde
To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult.  Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
To think creatively, we must be able to look afresh at what we normally take for granted.  George Kneller
Yesterday’s home runs don’t win today’s games. Babe Ruth
Please think about your legacy, because you’re writing it every day.  Gary Vaynerchuck
I feel that luck is preparation meeting opportunity.  Oprah Winfrey
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills.  Jim Rohn
Every accomplishment starts with a decision to try.  Unknown
The first one gets the oyster the second gets the shell.  Andrew Carnegie
To lengthen your life, shorten your meals. Proverb
Even if you are on the right track, You’ll get run over if you just sit there.  Will Rogers
Reliving the golden era of French luxury https://t.co/Lxz9dDBw9m
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.  Theodore Roosevelt
You are not your resume, you are your work.  Seth Godin
Watch Leonardo DiCaprio's climate change documentary free online https://t.co/8ckjCQDc9v
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of #creative effort. Franklin D. Roosevelt
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. Stephen Hawking
The #1 way to protect your car from thieves: don't leave your keys inside https://t.co/sDlnaFnG5m
Always be urself, express urself, have faith in urself, do not go out &amp; look for a successful personality &amp; duplicate it. Bruce Lee
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day. Jim Rohn
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude. John C. Maxwell
Cruising at 220 MPH: Twin-Turbo Toyota Land Speed Cruiser Lives Up to Its Name https://t.co/ITGbrRLPUt
Boost in Online Pirated CD Sales Deal Another Blow to Music Industry https://t.co/vkbBQNHYDX
1 Out of Every 4 CDs Sold on Amazon Is Counterfeit https://t.co/rO7rjGbhKX via @digitalmusicnws
Junkyard Treasure: 1966 Plymouth Fury III https://t.co/srCWDWfeXC
Professor Helmut Norpoth says Americans probably shouldn’t pay so much attention to media polls https://t.co/TfgnMfr2cb
I am seeking. I am striving. I am in it with all my heart. Vincent van Gogh
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. William Shakespeare
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. John Quincy Adams
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do your little bit of good where you are; it’s those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world. Desmond Tutu
Nothing ever gets easier. You just get stronger.  Unknown
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart…William Wordsworth #amwriting
Always be on the lookout for the presence of wonder. E.B. White
Any kid will run any errand for you, if you ask at bedtime. Red Skelton
Electricity is really just organized lightning. George Carlin
Let the beauty we love be what we do. There are hundreds of ways to kneel and kiss the ground. Rumi
If it's the Psychic Network why do they need a phone number? Robin Williams
Never love anybody who treats you like you’re ordinary. Oscar Wilde
Television has brought back murder into the home - where it belongs. Alfred Hitchcock
Be obscure clearly. E. B. White #amwriting
The music is not in the notes, but in the silence between. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Personality is everything in art and poetry. Goethe
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. Buddy Hackett
Art is not a thing, it is a way. Elbert Hubbard
We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect. Alanis Morissette
The earth has music for those who listen. William Shakespeare
What's another word for Thesaurus? Steven Wright
To draw, you must close your eyes and sing. Pablo Picasso
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.  John W. Gardner
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick. George Burns
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. Jim Carrey
If u could kick the person in the pants responsible 4 most of ur trouble, u wouldn't sit for a month. Theodore Roosevelt
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard
Creativity is what helps me escape a lot of my inner demons. Demi Lovato
I must acknowledge, once and for all, that the purpose of diplomacy is to prolong a crisis. Star Trek, Mr. Spock
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty. Sicilian Proverb
Remember, we all stumble, every one of us. That's why it's a comfort to go hand in hand. Emily Kimbrough
Shared joy is a double joy; shared sorrow is half a sorrow. Swedish Proverb
Success in marriage does not come merely through finding the right mate, but through being the right mate. Barnett R. Brickner
Driverless Car Tested by Members of the Public for the First Time in the UK https://t.co/8J5ivg0kJF
The trouble with living alone is that it’s always your turn to do the dishes. Author Unknown
Home, the spot of earth supremely blest,	A dearer, sweeter spot than all the rest.	Robert Montgomery
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.  W.C. Fields
RT @PoliticaPolls: Who won the last presidential debate? #debatenight #debate
Could actually hurt SSI, too...boomers count on it https://t.co/hNmX4WVJVr
Don't be swayed by the false values &amp; goals of this world, but put Christ &amp; His will first in everything u do. Billy Graham
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success. Joyce Brothers
If u have the talent &amp; if u have the ability, &amp; u work for it, u can achieve ur goals. Liang Chow
Ford to temporarily halt F-150 production at Claycomo next week https://t.co/YawbpLoqQj
Review your goals twice every day in order to be focused on achieving them. Les Brown
2017 Mercedes-Benz S550e Will Offer Wireless Charging - Motor Trend https://t.co/ir7s9u25yf
Germany calls for a ban on combustion engine cars by 2030 https://t.co/S1kM0k0Wn2
Life itself seeks fulfillment as plants seek sunlight. B.K.S. Iyengar, Light on Life
The successful man is the one who finds out what is the matter with his business before his competitors do. Roy L. Smith
People rarely buy what they need. They buy what they want.  Seth Godin
One finds limits by pushing them. Herbert Simon
I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.  Donald Trump
If you do enough planning before you start to write, there's no way you can have writer's block.  R. L. Stine #amwriting
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. Bo Jackson
What keeps me going is goals. Muhammad Ali
If you see a bandwagon, it’s too late.  James Goldsmith
There’s no shortage of remarkable ideas, what’s missing is the will to execute them. Seth Godin
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. Tony Robbins
The thing that makes a creative person is to be creative and that is all there is to it. Edward Albee
Do not aim low, you will miss the mark. Aim high and you will be on a threshold of bliss. B.K.S. Iyengar, Light on Life
Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening. Mahatma Gandhi
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. Buddha
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind. Albert Einstein
Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning. Winston Churchill
Who Won the Second Presidential Debate of 2016? https://t.co/S6hnYlaT6Y
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. Ayn Rand
Who won the second presidential debate? #debate #debate2016 https://t.co/tgmO7b8JaF via @notrubharass
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. Mahatma Gandhi
The good man is the friend of all living things. Mahatma Gandhi
Positive anything is better than negative nothing. Elbert Hubbard
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision. Dalai Lama
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen. Francois de La Rochefoucauld
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. Audrey Hepburn
What we think, we become. Buddha
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude. John C. Maxwell
https://t.co/KJc8QIdDDj https://t.co/Lsjjg4tJ9S
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.  Judy Garland
A gentleman is simply a patient wolf.  Lana Turner
Every age can be enchanting, provided you live within it. 	 Brigitte Bardot
I am not a has-been. I am a will be. 	 Lauren Bacall
If you are blessed, you are blessed, whether you are married or single. 	Greta Garbo
If you wish to grow thinner, diminish your dinner. H.S. Leigh
Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we don’t even remember leaving open.	Rose Lane
Your stomach shouldn't be a waist basket. Author unknown #diet #weightloss #young4ever
My own prescription for health is less paperwork and more running barefoot through the grass. Leslie Grimutter
Often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.	Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
If you are too busy to laugh, you are too busy.	Proverb
Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of another.	Marquis de Condorcet
Happiness consists of living each day as if it were the first day of ur honeymoon &amp; the last day of ur vacation. Leo Tolstoy
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.	Aesop
We don’t stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.	George Bernard Shaw
I was the shyest human ever invented, but I had a lion inside me that wouldn’t shut up. 	 Ingrid Bergman
The grass is always greener where you water it.	Unknown
And remember, no matter where you go, there you are.	Confucius
Gratitude is a vaccine, an antitoxin, and an antiseptic.	John Henry Jowett
Your work is discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.	Buddha
I’d far rather be happy than right any day.	Douglas Adams
A merry heart doeth good like a medicine, but a broken spirit dries the bones.. Proverbs 17:22
Your body is a temple, but only if you treat it as one. Astrid Alauda
In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired. Author Unknown
If you don’t take care of your body, where are you going to live? Unknown
The greatest wealth is Health. Unknown
A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy?	Albert Einstein
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.	Dalai Lama
It is more fitting for a man to laugh at life than to lament over it.	Seneca
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.	Confucius
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.	Oscar Wilde
Hope all you peeps have a ROCKIN Friday! : )
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own. Robert A. Heinlein
Uber Is Working On A Vertical-Takeoff Aircraft https://t.co/wzz3YwXWoQ
I eat a lot of salad, a little meat, and some fruit. That's all. But I like sweets. Sophia Loren
Mexico hit by surge of 5K Haitian, African and Asian migrants on their way to the U.S. https://t.co/k7V9CkAd3L
RT @geewilikers: TY 💖💎 @howcrazy @tracycopy @JanRomes @newfrontiergirl @kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass @PiperArt @Marenart
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life. Joel Osteen
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical. Sophia Loren
Our bodies are our gardens – our wills are our gardeners. William Shakespeare #health #diet #weightloss
The best and most efficient pharmacy is within your own system. Robert C. Peale
There's no picture so beautiful as smiling, bright-eyed children; no music so sweet as their clear &amp; ringing laughter. P. T. Barnum
There is a fountain of youth: it is ur mind, ur talents, the creativity u bring 2 ur life and the lives of people u love. Sophia Loren
Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live. Jim Rohn
Literature is one of the most interesting and significant expressions of humanity. P. T. Barnum
When you show deep empathy toward others, their defensive energy goes down, and positive energy replaces it. Stephen Covey
Time And health are two precious assets that we don’t recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted. Denis Waitley
I think anything is possible if you have the mindset and the will and desire to do it and put the time in. Roger Clemens
Fortune always favors the brave, and never helps a man who does not help himself. P. T. Barnum
In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired. Author Unknown
My own prescription for health is less paperwork and more running barefoot through the grass.  Leslie Grimutter
True healthcare reform starts in your kitchen, not in Washington.  Anonymous
I'm taking all the negatives in my life, and turning them into a positive. Pitbull
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools. Spanish Proverb
It's a wonderful thing to be optimistic. It keeps you healthy and it keeps you resilient. Daniel Kahneman
When I learn something new - I feel a little more at home in this universe, a little more comfortable in the nest. Bill Moyers
Look up, laugh loud, talk big, keep the color in your cheek and the fire in your eye,  William Hazlitt
Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body. Cicero
The person who can bring the spirit of laughter into a room is indeed blessed. Bennett Cerf
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me. David Bailey
Today, most chronic disease is caused by food choice, toxic food ingredients, nutritional deficiencies, lack of exercise. Mike Adams
A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor’s book. Irish Proverb
I surround myself with positive, productive people of good will and decency. Ted Nugent
My optimism wears heavy boots and is loud. Henry Rollins	R
Where men of judgment creep and feel their way, The positive pronounce without dismay. William Cowper
The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do. Kobe Bryant
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be. Ralph Waldo Emerson
You are the sum total of everything you've ever seen, heard, eaten, smelled, been told, forgot - it's all there.  Maya Angelou
He who takes medicine and neglects to #diet wastes the skill of his doctors.  Chinese Proverb
These Are the 10 Most Beautiful Cars on Sale Today – Feature – Car and Driver https://t.co/QMSg7Euznr
Every crowd has a silver lining. P. T. Barnum
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. Zig Ziglar
Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event. Brian Tracy
Chevy Bolt EV to be priced at $37,495 before tax credit, GM says https://t.co/sta2InTVFR
Water, air and cleanliness are the chief articles in my pharmacopoeia. Napoleon I
Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation. Michael Jordan
The more you eat, the less flavor; the less you eat, the more flavor. Chinese Proverb
Health and cheerfulness naturally beget each other. Joseph Addison
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind. Joyce Meyer
When one is free from physical disabilities and mental distractions, the gates of the soul open. B.K.S. Iyengar
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain. Joseph Campbell
In the midst of these hard times it is our good health and good sleep that are enjoyable. Knute Nelson
I have no room in my life for any form of negativity or nonacceptance. Ricky Williams
Happiness is good health and a bad memory. Ingrid Bergman
You gotta stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone oughta be.  Elizabeth Gilbert
Sorry...It should be back up now?  RT @kitty4hawks: @newfrontiergirl say's page is down......:(
RT @kitty4hawks: @newfrontiergirl say's page is down......:(
Vibrant Lake Sunset pic - taken at the beautiful #lakeoftheozarks in #missouri https://t.co/ykJODHOioz
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. Buddha
Be someone who makes everyone feel like a somebody.  Unknown
Kids made fun of me because I was a slow learner, because I was hyperactive... Running gave me confidence. Steve Prefontaine
Pearls don't live on the seashore, if you want one, you must dive for it.  Chinese proverb
To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice the gift. Steve Prefontaine
A boxer must exercise and develop every part of his body. Gene Tunney
Happy last weekend of the SUMMER !! : )
A merry heart doeth good like a medicine, but a broken spirit dries the bones.. Proverbs 17:22
What's right is what's left if you do everything else wrong.  Robin Williams
A best friend is like a four-leaf clover, hard to find, lucky to have.  Unknown
He not busy being born, is busy dying.  Bob Dylan
RT @maggiemaybecraf: #SO @smilingbluedog @Maria_Savva @BezCreations @RealOldHouswife @STEEL5757 (cont) https://t.co/Fy2UtV6oDh
ROCK ON! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass (cont) https://t.co/eoQx59CIHl
My life is perfect, even when it is not.  Ellen Degeneres
Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart. Gene Tunney
Thanks for all my new (&amp; old!) followers..you peeps ROCK! : )
Behind the wheel of Uber’s new self-driving car, which hits the road today https://t.co/jxxt4i9gQa
Moss-covered log at Ha Ha Tonka Park ~ taken along the hiking trail to the spring https://t.co/NadgE5lnFb
Drum Brakes: Why Are They Still Being Used Today? https://t.co/vRo1IHI0zb
Yes I am, I am also a Muslim, a Christian, a Buddhist, and a Jew. Mahatma Gandhi
Painting is easy when you don’t know how, but very difficult when you do. Edgar Degas
As long as you do things for God, you are a Hall of Famer in heaven's list. Rick Warren
A picture is a poem without words.  Horace
You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving. Amy Carmichael
It is a safe thing to trust Him to fulfill the desires which He creates. Amy Carmichael
God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him. John Piper
We don’t make mistakes, just happy little accidents.  Bob Ross
God wants the whole person and He will not rest till He gets us in entirety. No part of the man will do. A.W. Tozer
Creativity takes courage.  Henry Matisse
Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.  Bernard Branson
Every artist was first an amateur. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. Oscar Wilde
The little space within the heart is as great as the vast universe. Swami Prabhavananda
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. Elbert Hubbard
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. Robert Frost
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. Mae West
You see things; and you say, ‘Why?’ But I dream things that never were; and I say, ‘Why not’?” George Bernard Shaw
Creativity is a drug I cannot live without. Cecil B. DeMille
You don’t take a photograph, you make it.  Ansel Adams
You can’t wait for inspiration, you have to go after it with a club.  Jack London
Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people. Leo Burnett
If you don’t have a competitive advantage, don’t compete. Jack Welch
Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together. Napoleon Hill
Guarding knowledge is not a good way to understand. Understanding means to throw away your knowledge. Thich Nhat Hanh
I’ve been blessed to find people who are smarter than I am, and they help me to execute the vision I have. Russell Simmons
Whatever a monk keeps pursuing with his thinking &amp; pondering, that becomes the inclination of his awareness. Gautama Buddha
You are what you believe in. You become that which you believe you can become. Bhagavad Gita
A friendship founded on business is a good deal better than a business founded on friendship. John D. Rockefeller
People are not lazy. They simply have important goals – that is, goals that do not inspire them.  Tony Robbins
Nobody talks of entrepreneurship as survival, but that’s exactly what it is.  Anita Roddick
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes. Zig Ziglar
Never praise oneself. Bhagwan Swaminarayan
A goal is a dream with a deadline. Napoleon Hill
Poor people have big TV. Rich people have big library.  Jim Rohn
Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them. Anonymous
Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners.  Robert T. Kiyosaki
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.  Vidal Sassoon
When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you’ve got plenty to watch. Anonymous
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job.  Michael Gerber
Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway. John Wayne
If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it!  Jonathan Winters
You only lose what you cling to. Gautama Buddha
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. Norman Vincent Peale
Be content to act, and leave the talking to others.  Baltasa
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it’s safe or certain. Anonymous
If u want 2 achieve excellence, u can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. Thomas J Watson
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.  John Wooden
have a ROCKIN friday! : ) @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @geewilikers @tracycopy (cont) https://t.co/7PuZzEVnFQ
have a ROCKIN friday! : ) @ howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @geewilikers @tracycopy (cont) https://t.co/7PuZzEVnFQ
RT @talltxfem: @newfrontiergirl please share for my Marine?   https://t.co/evG0QkOFXW
Identify your problems but give your power and energy to solutions.  Tony Robbins
Some new car safety features on the horizon...	https://t.co/8dtgQF6xcz https://t.co/U2qIjEogrL
Spring hike pic ~ beautiful Ha Ha Tonka spring at #lakeoftheozarks in #missouri https://t.co/9ncwXSlERt
Been taking a break... Hope all you peeps have had a fantastic holiday!
To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan and not quite enough time. Leonard Bernstein
Bare lists of words are found suggestive to an imaginative and excited mind. Ralph Waldo Emerson
The writer must wade into life as into the sea, but only up to the navel.  Gustave Flaubert
Music . . . can name the unnameable and communicate the unknowable. Leonard Bernstein
We need our Arts to teach us how to breathe. Ray Bradbury
Odd how the creative power at once brings the whole universe to order. Virginia Woolf
My future starts when I wake up every morning. Every day I find something creative to do with my life. Miles Davis
All good work requires self-revelation. Sidney Lumet
I've been all over the world and I've never seen a statue of a critic. Leonard Bernstein
Be undeniably good. Steve Martin
Collect books, even if you don't plan on reading them right away. Nothing is more important than an unread library. John Waters
Chance favors the prepared mind. Louis Pasteur
Write while the heat is in you.  Henry David Thoreau #writing #amwriting
If you ever find that you're the most talented person in the room, you need to find another room. Austin Kleon
Rejection is an opportunity for your selection. Bernard Branson
You can’t live 24 hours a day in the spotlight and remain creative. For people like me, solitude is a victory. Karl Lagerfeld
The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses. Edith Södergran
life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one. Stella Adler
You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have. Maya Angelou
The painter has the Universe in his mind and hands.Leonardo da Vinci
Doors are for people with no imagination. Derek Landy
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. Ayn Rand
Hope ur havin a rockin week! : ) @howcrazy @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @kimgarst @RandiConnects (cont) https://t.co/I2A08e7uq5
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best. St. Jerome #TuesdayMotivation
RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @newfrontiergirl @Kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass @PeperArt @JaniceEFletcher…
It's good to be anywhere. Keith Richards
My peace rose taken this morning in my garden ~ nearly 5 inches across! https://t.co/bN9qUmesgQ
Late summer boating at the beautiful #lakeoftheozarks in Missouri... https://t.co/hGPdQD1L58
Smile, it makes people wonder what you are thinking.	Anonymous
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.	 Benjamin Franklin
Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get.	 the movie Forrest Gump
I am not afraid of storms	for I am learning how to sail my ship.	Louisa May Alcott
Work Hard. Do ur best. Keep ur word.	Never get too big 4 ur britches.	Trust in God. Have no fear;	&amp; Never forget a friend.	Harry Truman
Persevere. Plan. Strategize. Focus. Breathe. Write.	Let go: relax. Forgive. All this failing: take a nap.	 Mary Anne Radmacher
A friend is one who walks in when others walk out	 Walter Winchell
Where there's a will, there's a way.	 old English proverb
The easiest kind of friendship for me	is with ten thousand people.	The hardest is with one.	 Joan Baez
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.	 Ogden Nash
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend.	Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read.	 Groucho Marx
A friend will tell you she saw your old boyfriend -	and he's a priest. Erma Bombeck
When life gives you lemons, Make Lemonade.	 Anonymous saying
The best mirror is an old friend.	Proverb
I do not believe in using women in combat,	because females are too fierce.	 Margaret Mead
Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days.	Benjamin Franklin
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.	 J. Paul Getty
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.	 Aristotle Onassis
I am happy to make money.	I want to make more money, make more music,	eat Big Macs and drink Budweisers.	 Kid Rock
Humor is reason gone mad.	 Groucho Marx
My wife ran off with my best friend, and I sure do miss him.	Anonymous
Where large sums of money are concerned,	it is advisable to trust nobody.	Agatha Christie
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.	 Arabic Proverb and Chinese Proverb
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.	W. C. Fields
I think I've become one of the best finishers in boxing;	if I hurt a guy,	I normally take him out. Sugar Ray Leonard
I've made all my money on my own without my family and I work very hard.	Paris Hilton
I am fiercely loyal to those willing to put their money where my mouth is.	 Paul Harvey
Work like you don't need the money.	Love like you've never been hurt.	Dance like nobody's watching.	 Satchel Paige
Oh yes, the past can hurt.	But, you can either run from it or, learn from it.	 the movie The Lion King
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.	Mohandas (Mahatma) Gandhi
Being a father, being a friend, those are the things	that make me feel successful. William Hurt
We get to CHOOSE our relationship with life.	Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Success is most often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable. Coco Chanel
The best revenge is massive success. Frank Sinatra
If you quit ONCE it becomes a habit.Never quit!!!  Michael Jordan
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.  William Shakespeare,
Go where you are celebrated, not tolerated. If they can’t see the real value of you, it’s time for a new start.	Unknown
Adversity makes strange bedfellows.  English proverb
Будет и на нашей улице праздник!.  Every dog has his day.  Russian proverb
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.  Bible proverb
A little of what you fancy does you good.  English proverb
Без труда́ не вы́тащишь и ры́бку из пруда́.  No pain, no gain.  Russian proverb
When a man moves away from nature his heart becomes hard.  Lakota Indian saying
В гостя́х хорошо́, а до́ма лу́чше.  There’s no place like home.  Russian proverb
Before eating, always take time to thank the food.  Arapaho Indian saying
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it.  Warren Buffett
Don’t be cocky. Don’t be flashy. There’s always someone better than you.  Tony Hsieh, CEO Zappos
A person is known by the company he keeps.  English proverb
Bien mal acquis ne profite jamais.	Ill gotten ill spent.  French proverb
En tout pays, il y a une lieue de mauvais chemin.	There will be bumps in the smoothest roads.  French proverb
A change is as good as a rest.  English proverb
Your reputation is more important than your paycheck, and your integrity is worth more than your career. Ryan Freitas
It is better to have less thunder in the mouth and more lightning in the hand. - Apache Indian saying
Après la pluie le beau temps.	Every cloud has a silver lining.  French proverb
You just have to pay attention to what people need and what has not been done. Russell Simmons, found Def Jam Records
Always deliver more than expected.  Larry Page, co-founder Google
Ive learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.  Jack Welch, chairman and CEO General Electric
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake – you can’t learn anything from being perfect. Adam Osborne
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. Dale Carnegie
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.	    Thomas Edison
All plants are our brothers and sisters. They talk to us and if we listen, we can hear them.  Arapaho Indian saying
Don’t worry about failure; you only have to be right once. Drew Houston, co-founder and CEO Dropbox
Success is not in what you have, but who you are. Bo Bennett, founder https://t.co/2SC0y9kP5r
Everything started as nothing.  Ben Weissenstein, founder and CEO The Entitled Group https://t.co/5CdDonhb0y
Fail often so you can succeed sooner. Tom Kelley, founder Ideo
You're Never Too Old To Be Young.  Snow White and the 7 Dwarfs
Chase the vision, not the money, the money will end up following you. Tony Hsieh, CEO Zappos
When times are bad is when the real #entrepreneurs emerge.	Robert Kiyosaki, founder Cashflow Technologies Inc.
Don’t worry about failure; you only have to be right once.  Drew Houston, co-founder and CEO Dropbox
Make every detail perfect and limit the number of details to perfect. Jack Dorsey, founder #Twitter
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand.  Vince Lombardi
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. Bill Gates
Risk more than others think is safe. Dream more than others think is practical.	Howard Schultz, Starbucks CEO
Don’t be afraid 2 assert urself, have confidence in ur abilities &amp; don’t let the bastards get u down. Michael Bloomberg
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.  Walt Disney
High expectations are the key to everything.  Sam Walton
The only thing worse than starting something and failing… is not starting something. Seth Godin, founder Squidoo
It’s not about ideas. It’s about making ideas happen. Scott Belsky, co-founder Behance
High expectations are the key to everything. Sam Walton
The fastest way 2 change urself is 2 hang out w/people who are already the way u want 2 be. Reid Hoffman, co-founder LinkedIn
Whether you think you can, or think you can’t — you’re right.	 Henry Ford
Don’t be cocky. Don’t be flashy. There’s always someone better than you. Tony Hsieh, CEO Zappos
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it’s moving you away from your goals. Brian Tracy
It is always the start that requires the greatest effort.	James Cash Penney, founder and CEO J.C. Penny
Stay self-funded as long as possible.  Garrett Camp, founder Expa, Uber and StumbleUpon #entrepreneurship
So often people are working hard at the wrong thing.  Caterina Fake, co-founder Flickr
Only TRHEE DAYS LEFT of the ~B-I-G~ ~S-A-L-E~ in Mountainview Ranch Store !  https://t.co/eAf7yoVkdJ #books #electronics
have a ROCKIN friday! : ) True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass (cont) https://t.co/N3PX9U8a1t
RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @newfrontiergirl @kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass @PiperArt @JaniceEFletcher…
Ideas are easy. Implementation is hard.  Guy Kawasaki
A creator needs only one enthusiast to justify him. Man Ray
Change brings opportunity. Nido Qubein
Tardiness often robs us opportunity, and the dispatch of our forces. Niccolo Machiavelli
Let the one among you who is without sin be the first to cast a stone. Jesus Christ
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. Thomas A. Edison
So see every opportunity as golden, and keep your eyes on the prize - yours, not anybody else's. Roberta Flack
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat. Napoleon Hill
The greatest generation was formed first by the Great Depression. They shared everything - meals, jobs, clothing. Tom Brokaw
Determination becomes obsession and then it becomes all that matters. Jeremy Irvine
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. Milton Berle
[O]f all the aspects of social misery nothing is so heartbreaking as unemployment. Jane Addams, 1910
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God; trust also in me. Jesus Christ
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver. Mahatma Gandhi
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. Mahatma Gandhi
There are always two people in every picture: the photographer and the viewer. Ansel Adams
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. Mahatma Gandhi
A photograph is usually looked at - seldom looked into. Ansel Adams
Rudeness is a weak imitation of strength. Eric Hoffer
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just the determination to realize them. Man Ray
Unemployment is sky-rocketing; deflation is in our future for the first time since the Great Depression. it's the truth. John Mellencamp
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in one's determination. Tommy Lasorda
Cessation of work is not accompanied by cessation of expenses. Cato the Elder
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life. Plato
When I quit working, I lost all sense of identity in about fifteen minutes. Paige Rense
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. Lao Tzu
Don’t pray when u feel like it. Have an appointment w/the Lord &amp; keep it. A man is powerful on his knees. Corrie ten Boom
Study the past if you would define the future.  Confucius
Show respect to all people, but grovel to none. Tecumseh
You take my life when you do take the means whereby I live. William Shakespeare
Satan trembles when he sees the weakest Christian on his knees. William Cowper
Hunger is not the worst feature of unemployment; idleness is. William E. Barrett
I have always believed that I should have had no difficulty in causing my rights to be respected. Eli Whitney #respect
You're mugging old ladies every bit as much if you pinch their pension fund. Ben Elton
Once we give up searching for approval we often find it easier to earn respect. Gloria Steinem
Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners. Laurence Sterne
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. Jimmy Dean
Women may be the one group that grows more radical with age.  Gloria Steinem
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. Benjamin Franklin
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations, if you live near him. J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit
Youth has no age.		 Pablo Picasso
Rock on!! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst @RandiConnects (cont) https://t.co/CAwVlrXB0Y
Go where you are celebrated – not tolerated. If they can’t see the real value of you, it’s time for a new start.  Unknown Author
Birkenstock quits Amazon in US after surge in counterfeit sales https://t.co/TJxF1qv8vg
Life's short. Live passionately. Marc A. Pitman
What people in the world think of you is really none of your business. Martha Graham
Dieting is the only game where you win when you lose!  Karl Lagerfeld #diet #weightloss #young4ever
Talent is a wonderful thing, but it won't carry a quitter.  Stephen King, Duma Key
Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone. Shannon L. Alder
Control Your Own Destiny or Someone Else Will. Jack Welch
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance. The wise grows it under his feet. James Oppenheim
It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials. Bruce Lee
Did you know?...Ronald Reagan was 69 when he became President of the US
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. Henry Ford
Did you know?...Dr. Seuss was 54 when he wrote "The Cat in the Hat"
And will you succeed? Yes indeed, yes indeed! Ninety-eight and three-quarters percent guaranteed!  Dr. Seuss
Did you know?...Leonardo Da Vinci was 51 years old when he painted the Mona Lisa.
The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it. Tricia Cunningham
Did you know?...Suzanne Collins was 46 when she wrote "The Hunger Games" #writinng #amwriting #author
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. Thomas Jefferson
Did you know?...Jack Lalane at age 70 handcuffed, shackled, towed 70 rowboats
Live your truth. Express your love. Share your enthusiasm. Take action towards your dreams.  Steve Maraboli
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.  Walt Disney Company
Takin' a break from Twitter for awhile...see all you peeps in a week! : )
There's no business like show business. Irving Berlin
The real secret of success is enthusiasm. Walter Chrysler
In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich. Henry Ward Beecher
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. Jim Rohn
Talent is only the starting point. Irving Berlin
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of #creative effort. Franklin D. Roosevelt
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure. B. C. Forbes
Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
You can do anything as long as you have the passion, the drive, the focus, and the support. Sabrina Bryan
I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love. Mother Teresa
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day. Jim Rohn
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. Oscar Wilde
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. Loretta Young
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own. H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
To succeed, u need 2 find something 2 hold on 2, something 2 motivate u, something 2 inspire u. Tony Dorsett
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes. John Wooden
NEW ITEMS in Mountainview Ranch Store///==fiction &amp; non fiction books, textbooks, discount electronics... https://t.co/eAf7yoDJmb
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind. Joyce Meyer
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. Audrey Hepburn
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. William James
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. Willie Nelson
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain. Joseph Campbell
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision. Dalai Lama
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it. Irving Berlin
Hope all you peeps stay cool today... : )
If you genuinely want something, don’t wait for it — teach yourself to be impatient. ~Gurbaksh Chahal
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you! T. Harv Eker
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like. Mike Gafka
Fortune sides with him who dares. Virgil
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe. Anatole France
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction. George Lorimer
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. Ella Wheeler Wilcox
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them. Michael Jordan
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. George Bernard Shaw
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors. Napoleon Hill
Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. Robert Kiyosaki
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. Dale Carnegie
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. Bruce Lee
See all the NEW ITEMS in Mountainview Ranch Store https://t.co/dr0US1bjC1 https://t.co/h3E7tJqwY4
luv it! : ) RT @dentet1: @newfrontiergirl 		I find that the more I work, and the harder I work, the more Jeffersons I have in my wallet.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that’s the strangest secret. Earl Nightingale
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. Pablo Picasso
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone. Michael John Bobak
@antiquesavenue i agree, you rarely get anything worthwhile in this life without work : )
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. Thomas Jefferson
Thanks for all my new (&amp; old!) followers...you peeps ROCK! : )
@Foodytraveller great to connect with another foody!
Your problem isn’t the problem. Your reaction is the problem. Anonymous
Rock On! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass (cont) https://t.co/JuIayxF40b
RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @newfrontiergirl @Kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass @PiperArt @JaniceEFletcher…
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. Lolly Daskal
Opportunities don’t happen, you create them. Chris Grosser
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. David Brinkley
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly. Proverb
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.  Walt Disney
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them. Anonymous
See all the ~New Items~ in Mountainview Ranch Store  https://t.co/eAf7yoVkdJ #waycool : )
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.  Unknown
If I’d known I was going to live this long, I’d have taken better care of myself.  Eubie Blake #diet #weightloss #fitness
Fun boating on the beautiful Lake of the Ozarks #lakeoftheozarks #missouri https://t.co/gpFhoJAUmG
Those who do not find time for exercise will have to find time for illness.  Earl of Derby
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. Theodore Roosevelt
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise. Gene Tunney
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body. Joseph Addison
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. Arthur Ashe
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. Rabindranath Tagore
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. Jim Rohn
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. C. S. Lewis
Thanks for all my new (&amp; old!) followers...you peeps ROCK!  : )
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do. Mother Teresa
The greatest gift I ever had came from God; I call him Dad! Anonymous
Never raise your hand to your kids. It leaves your groin unprotected.  Red Buttons
A son is a son till he is taken by his wife, a daughter is a daughter all of her life. Irish Saying
There should be a children’s song: ‘If you’re happy and you know it, keep it to yourself and let your dad sleep.  Jim Gaffigan
I don’t care how poor a man is; if he has family, he’s rich.  M*A*S*H, Colonel Potter
Dad, your guiding hand on my shoulder will remain with me forever. Author Unknown
A father is always making his baby into a little woman. And when she is a woman he turns her back again.  Enid Bagnold
It is easier for a father to have children than for children to have a real father.  Pope John XXIII
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone. Anthony Burgess
Being a father helps me be more responsible... you see more things than you've ever seen. Kid Rock
See the NEW LISTINGS in Mountainview Ranch Store https://t.co/eAf7yoDJmb
Without my dad, I wouldn't be here. Maria Sharapova
Father!–to God himself we cannot give a holier name.	William Wordsworth
You don't have to deserve your mother's love. You have to deserve your father's. Robert Frost
I decided in my life that I would do nothing that did not reflect positively on my father's life. Sidney Poitier
We are such stuff as dreams are made on; and our little life is rounded with a sleep. William Shakespeare
To a father growing old nothing is dearer than a daughter. Euripides
He didn’t tell me how to live; he lived, and let me watch him do it.  Clarence Budington Kelland #happyfathersday
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters. George Herbert
The most important thing in the world is family and love. John Wooden
When a father gives to his son, both laugh; when a son gives to his father, both cry. William Shakespeare
Sleep is the best meditation. Dalai Lama
What is important is family, friends, giving back to your community and finding meaning in life. Adrian Grenier
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night. William Blake
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized. Albert Einstein
SALE!! and ~NEW INVENTORY~ in Mountainview Ranch  Store   https://t.co/AwfOIM7JLJ
Look at the Quakers - they were excellent #business people that never lied, never stole, cared 4 employees &amp; community... A Roddick
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.  Fortune Cookie
ROCK ON Gals! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamond @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst @RandiConnects (cont) https://t.co/2B14uFaEcj
The less you talk, the more you're listened to.	                                                                          Abigail Van Buren
Love is an act of endless forgiving - a tender look which becomes a habit. Peter Ustinov
We need old friends to help us grow old and new friends to help us stay young. Letty Cottin Pogrebin
If only you could love enough, you would be the happiest and most powerful being in the world. Emmet Fox
Life is so, so short. Bible says it's like a vapor. Muhammad Ali
For love is heaven and heaven is love. Sir Walter Scott
When you can whip any man in the world, you never know peace. Muhammad Ali
Forget your woes when you see your friend. Priscean
Where there are friends, there is wealth. Titus Maccius Plautus
Where there is no love, pour love in, and you will draw love out. St. John of the Cross
I've seen George Foreman shadow boxing, and the shadow won. Muhammad Ali
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed. Napoleon Hill
Thanks for all my new (&amp; old!) followers...you peeps rock! : )
Constant effort and frequent  mistakes are the stepping stones to genius. Elbert Hubbard
Give love and unconditional acceptance to those you encounter, and notice what happens. Wayne Dyer
Action without planning is the  cause of all failure.  Action with planning is the cause of all success. Brian Tracy
Love is the greatest refreshment in life.  Pablo Picasso
luv ya! RT @howcrazy:True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass (cont) https://t.co/yAOVOG0CEN
He who is of a calm and happy nature, will hardly feel the pressure of age. Plato
Hope all you peeps have a rockin' friday! : )
Security isn't what the wise person looks for - it's opportunity.  Earl Nightingale
Courage is not the lack of fear, absence of fear, it is mastery 	       of fear, control of fear. Mark Twain
We are all here for a spell.  Get all the good laughs you can. Will Rogers
Joe Frazier is so ugly that when he cries, the tears turn around and go down the back of his head. Muhammad Ali
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale. Hans Christian Anderson
It's not bragging if you can back it up. Muhammad Ali
It's hard to be humble, when you're as great as I am. Muhammad Ali
Lord, grant that I might always desire more than I can	        accomplish.   Michaelangelo
Only a life lived for others is the life worthwhile. Albert  Einstein
No one can take away my freedom to choose how I will react. Victor Frankl
The longest journey starts with a single step. Lao Tse
We are all called upon to do small things with great love. Mother Teresa
What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. George Eliot
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth. Muhammad Ali
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious.	 Albert Einstein
A man is what he thinks of all day long. Ralph Waldo Emerson
He who is of a calm and happy nature, will hardly feel the 	       pressure of age.  Plato
Men do not stumble over mountains, but over mole hills.  Confucius
The man who has no imagination has no wings. Muhammad Ali
Genius is eternal patience. Michelangelo
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to 	       anyone else. Charles Dickens
The joy that you give to others is the joy that comes back to you.   	 John Greenleaf Whittier
It's never too late to be what you might have been. George Elliot
I'm so fast that last night I turned off the light switch in my hotel room and was in bed before the room was dark. Muhammad Ali
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are. Muhammad Ali
Goodness is the only investment that never fails. Henry David Thoreau
It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it's the pebble in your shoe. Muhammad Ali
If you would be loved, love and be lovable. Benjamin Franklin
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a 	       day in your life.  Confucius
Imagination is more important than knowledge.	Albert Einstein
thx! : ) RT @svetlyac: @newfrontiergirl
i agree! : ) RT @bob1462: @newfrontiergirl can't go wrong with Lord of the Rings!
All glory comes from daring to begin. William Shakespeare
I am always doing that which I cannot in order that I may 	     learn how to do it. Pablo Picasso
There was never  a person who did anything worth doing	     that he did not receive more than he gave. Henry Ward Beecher
Imagination is more important than knowledge.	Albert Einstein
A light heart lives long.	                                                                    William Shakespeare
And in the end, the love you take, is equal to the love you make. Paul McCartney
We are shaped and fashioned by those we love. Geothe
I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone. Lord of The Rings
love this, thank you! : ) RT @BlackDiamondFin: @newfrontiergirl The United States Army is a force out to set (cont) https://t.co/r2wErJcQJQ
thanks...i am : ) RT @limit_nishiyama: @newfrontiergirl You looks happy!
In order to be happy oneself it is necessary to make at least one other person happy. Theodor Reik
To love is nothing. To be loved is something. But to love and be loved, that’s everything. T. Tolis
A day’s planning is done in the morning. Chinese proverb
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself. Joseph Campbell
The patriot's blood is the seed of Freedom's tree. Thomas Campbell
Peace to each manly soul that sleepeth;	Rest to each faithful eye that weepeth...	Thomas Moore
The brave die never, though they sleep in dust:	Their courage nerves a thousand living men. Minot J. Savage
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.  From a headstone in Ireland
thanks for the S/O !  RT @heismanbull25: Shout out @newfrontiergirl
For love of country they accepted death... James A. Garfield
thanks...same 2 u! : ) RT @BobbyBabowski: .@newfrontiergirl Very Wise Words!! Hope You have an Amazing Day!
he was a great thinker! RT @JasonSmithSV: @newfrontiergirl I'm reading that book for the third time and I'm at that chapter right now.
yes! RT @amad_sodha: @newfrontiergirl we can do manythings
LOL! : ) RT @HIPFineArt: @newfrontiergirl they listen to WIIFM (what's in it for me)
you're right  about that! : ) RT @loose_gown: @newfrontiergirl it's the safest bridge too
Thanks for all my new (&amp; old!) followers..you peeps ROCK!  : )
i agree! RT @NoMoreAnxious: Great advice!  RT @newfrontiergirl: Tell the world what you intend to do, but first show it.  Napoleon Hill
And remember, as it was written, to love another person is to see the face of God. Les Miserables
All, everything that I understand, I only understand because I love.  Leo Tolstoy
Fortune favors the bold.  English proverb
À qui il a été beaucoup donné, il sera beaucoup demandé.	Everybody to whom much is given, much is expected. French proverb
Quiet thoughts mend the body. Chinese proverb
Failure is mother of success. Chinese proverb
Aide-toi et le ciel t'aidera.  Heaven helps those who help themselves.  French proverb
Amour, toux et fumée en secret ne sont demeurés.  Love, smoke and cough are hard to hide.  French proverb
For life or for death, holding your hand, and aging with you.  Chinese proverb
Love is not about possession, it's all about appreciation.  Chinese proverb
#Entrepreneurship is neither a science nor an art. It is a practice.  Peter Drucker
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. Walt Disney
Don’t just #read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it.  Jim Rohn #amreading
If you want to reach a goal, you must ‘see the reaching’ in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal.  Zig Ziglar
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. Confucius
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.  Napoleon Hill
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic.  Dale Carnegie
Tell the world what you intend to do, but first show it.  Napoleon Hill
Successful people r always looking 4 opportunities 2 help others. Unsuccessful people r asking, What’s in it 4 me?  Brian Tracy
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.  Jim Rohn
Do well and have well.  Chinese proverb
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.  Zig Ziglar
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.  Bo Bennett
Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be.  W. Clement Stone
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.  John C. Maxwell
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.  Napoleon Hill
I have long believed that sacrifice is the pinnacle of patriotism. Bob Riley
I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country. Nathan Hale
GIANT Dandelion Puffball pic (taken at the #lakeoftheozarks in #missouri) https://t.co/os0sfAH80Z
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go. Oscar Wilde
Lazy hazy crazy days of summer are upon us at #lakeoftheozarks https://t.co/OWlrYV6iXD
Being positive won’t guarantee you’ll succeed. But being negative will guarantee you won’t.  Jon Gordon
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward. Abraham Lincoln
More thinking. More doing. Less doing nothing.	 Unknown
Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.  Will Rogers
Go the extra mile, it’s never crowded.	 Unknown
If you believe in yourself enough and know what you want, you’re gonna make it happen.	 Mariah Carey
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.  Michael Jordan
The more things you do, the more you can do.	 Lucille Ball
Pearls don’t lie on the seashore. If you want one, you must dive for it.  Chinese Proverb
Saturday sunset at the #lakeoftheozarks pic ...gorgeous https://t.co/Dp03fCXc6V
Lose your dreams and you might lose your mind. Mick Jagger
I'm not a prophet or a stone aged man, just a mortal with potential of a superman. I'm living on.	 David Bowie
If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough.  Mario Andretti
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.  Donald Trump
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn’t being said.  Peter F. Drucker
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. Maya Angelou
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves.  E. Joseph Cossman
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake – you can’t learn anything from being perfect.  Adam Osborne
An #entrepreneur tends to bite off a little more than he can chew hoping he’ll quickly learn how to chew it.  Roy Ash
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.  Jim Rohn
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.  Vidal Sassoon
Check out all the NEW LISTINGS in Mountainview Ranch Store https://t.co/tqeoIAq7Pq
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.  Carl Bard
The only thing that stands between you and your dream is the will to try and the belief that it is actually possible.  Joel Brown
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.  Farrah Gray #creativity #entrepreneurship
Don’t worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don’t even try.  Jack Canfield
Forget all the reasons it won’t work and believe the one reason that it will.  Unknown
The best revenge is massive success.  Frank Sinatra
Go where you are celebrated – not tolerated. If they can’t see the real value of you, it’s time for a new start. Unknown
I don’t regret the things I’ve done, I regret the things I didn’t do when I had the chance. Unknown
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.  Les Brown
The Rolling Stones Full Live Concert at Chile 2016 https://t.co/jFZSjlEYFT via @YouTube
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only a page. St. Augustine
#Boating at the #lakeoftheozarks  (taken last weekend on an 80+ degree day) https://t.co/nHwlrCZFo0
Thanks for all my new (&amp; old!) followers....you peeps ROCK! : )
@910_hathaway thanks!...glad you like my quotes
I don’t know where I’m going, but I promise it won’t be boring  David Bowie
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves. Thomas Edison
Wherever you go becomes a part of you somehow.  Anita Desai
To travel is to live. Hans Christian Andersen
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. Maria Robinson
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled ‘This could change your life’. Helen Exley
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. Chinese Proverb
#SundayMorning is a time for reflection and relaxation...spending time on Twitter : )
rock on! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass (cont) https://t.co/o4WMogVwjM
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it. William Arthur Ward
The 50 podcasts you need to hear https://t.co/pxjkpKVNdU
Negative people are only happy when they bring you down to their level.  Author unknown
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
thx! RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass @PiperArt @JaniceEFletcher @MarenArt
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. Confucius
I prayed for twenty years but received no answer until I prayed with my legs. Frederick Douglass
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters. Audrey Hepburn
To be a Christian without prayer is no more possible than to be alive without breathing. Martin Luther
Quiet #ozark cove panorama video ***beautiful #lakeoftheozarks https://t.co/DKiy9uhymN
A light heart lives long.	                                                                    William Shakespeare
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world.  Wm Shakespeare
There is no greatness where there is not simplicity, goodness, and truth.  Leo Tolstoy,
The most professional curse ever snarled or croaked or thundered can have no effect on a pure heart. Peter Beagle, The Last Unicorn
@Blaiserboy glad you like 'em! : )
The pure in heart shall see God.  Henry Drummond
This desire for heart purity is a creation of the Holy Spirit at work in the heart. ~ Duncan Campbell
Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: But a woman who fears the Lord,	She shall be praised.  Proverbs
Do ur little bit of good where u are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world. Desmond Tutu
You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!  J.K. Rowling
It is good people who make good places.  Anna Sewell, Black Beauty
Either sin will keep you from the Word, or the Word will keep you from sin. ~ John Bunyan
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. Mahatma Gandhi
He who loves with purity considers not the gift of the lover, but the love of the giver. Thomas a Kempis
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible.  Marion C. Garretty
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.  Jack Welch
Genius is 1% inspiration, and 99% perspiration.  Thomas Edison
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.  Zig Ziglar
No, there's nothing half so sweet in life as love's young dream. Thomas Moore #young4ever #love
And the heart that is soonest awake to the flowers is always the first to be touch'd by the thorns. Thomas Moore #love
Ideas can be life-changing. Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea.  Jim Rohn
You won’t get anything unless you have the vision to imagine it.  John Lennon
I’ve always worked very, very hard, and the harder I worked, the luckier I got.  Alan Bond
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.  Walt Disney
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.  Bill Gates
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process.  Jim Rohn
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.  W. Clement Stone
Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together.  Napoleon Hill
If you want to reach a goal, you must ‘see the reaching’ in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal.  Zig Ziglar
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.  Napoleon Hill
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic.  Dale Carnegie
Entrepreneurship is neither a science nor an art. It is a practice.  Peter Drucker
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.  Jim Rohn
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.  Zig Ziglar
I do not believe a man can ever leave his business. He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night.  Henry Ford
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.  John C. Maxwell
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.   Napoleon Hill
Failure is not about insecurity. It’s about lack of execution.  Jeffrey Gitomer
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.  Donald Trump
If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough.  Mario Andretti
What does it take to become a saint? Will it.  St. Thomas Aquinas
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves.  E. Joseph Cossman
Humility, that low, sweet root, from which all #heavenly virtues shoot. Thomas Moore
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.  Fortune Cookie
You cannot be half a saint; you must be a whole saint or no saint at all.  St. Therese of Lisieux
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake – you can’t learn anything from being perfect. Adam Osborne
Your direction in life is urs 2 choose; if u do not like the road u are on take the next exit &amp; change course. Ken Poirot
Study the past if you would define the future.  Confucius
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.  Zig Ziglar
ROCK ON! : ) @howcrazy @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass @PiperArt @JaniceEFletcher @Marenart
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. Napoleon Hill
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness. Dalai Lama
The golden rule for every business man is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.' Orison Swett Marden
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers. Orison Swett Marden
&gt;&gt;&gt;BIG SALE&lt;&lt;&lt; in Mountainview Ranch Store https://t.co/eAf7yoDJmb
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you. Ray Bradbury	#amwriting
A will finds a way. Orison Swett Marden
I don't control my writing - it controls me. Ray Bradbury #amwriting
We must give more in order 2 get more. Its the generous giving of ourselves that produces the generous harvest. Orison Swett Marden
@saifullahawan40 been pretty good... : )
There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them. Ray Bradbury
I have been all things unholy. If God can work through me, he can work through anyone. Francis of Assisi
It is always your next move. Napoleon Hill
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. Napoleon Hill
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. Mahatma Gandhi
Step with care and great tact, and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act. Dr. Seuss
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger. Buddha
I believe any success in life is made by going into an area with a blind, furious optimism. Sylvester Stallone
I take rejection as someone blowing a bugle in my ear to wake me up and get going, rather than retreat. Sylvester Stallone
He that can't endure the bad, will not live to see the good.  Yiddish proverb
Man plans and God laughs. Yiddish proverb
Ancient water tower at Ha Ha Tonka State Park at Lake of the Ozarks in Missouri. https://t.co/sd0hiM5EOc
Do to others as you would have them do to you. Holy Bible
Most of the people who join the porn industry come from broken homes.  Shelley Lubben, Ex-Porn Star &amp; Exec Dir of Pink Cross Fndn
RT @DanDassow: @newfrontiergirl ... and continue to help someone else daily.
A person leaves a reputation, bad or good, behind wherever he works or stays. Chinese Proverb
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination. Voltaire
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.  Voltaire
Havin' a Cafe Au Lait Mocha Whey Breakfast Shake............MmmmGood!  #diet #weightloss #young4ever #health https://t.co/tWmvqZPfpx
A man is never too old to learn. Chinese Proverb
And let me remind you also that moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue! Barry Goldwater
I think it was sexier when you didn't have to take it all off. Angie Dickinson
It's a wonderful feeling to be a conservative these days.  Barry Goldwater
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. Buddha
To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, #diet and mental approach. Arnold Schwarzenegger
It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat. Arnold Schwarzenegger #diet #weightloss #exercise #fitness #young4ever #health
The mind is everything. What you think you become. Buddha
yes! : ) RT @ffriendbln: @newfrontiergirl Smart Angie because: "Old age isn't so bad when you consider the alternative." Maurice Chevalier
Growing older doesn't bother me. Angie Dickinson #young4ever
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.	Aesop
Most people would rather be certain they’re miserable, than risk being happy.	Dr. Robert Anthony
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.	Confucius
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.	Oscar Wilde
The only joy in the world is to begin.	Cesare Pavese
Nobody can be uncheered with a balloon	Winnie the Pooh
PRIME Osage Beach Commercial Lease &gt;&gt;Office and Shop&lt;&lt; ~ really nice! ~https://t.co/CA43wnsVly
If you never did you should. These things are fun, and fun is good.  Dr. Seuss
See "What's New" in Mountainiewranchstore!! : ) https://t.co/eAf7yoDJmb
If you want happiness for a lifetime — help someone else.	Chinese Proverb
have a gr8t friday! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @Spanielopolis @ScruffyLilCat @Helga_McLeod (cont) https://t.co/qYjeOEK59Y
sounds good! : ) RT @kerrjol: @newfrontiergirl  rocks with a little paprika.
To be nobody-but-yourself ... means 2 fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; &amp; never stop fighting.  e. e cummings
If there's a will, prosperity can't be far behind. W. C. Fields  #achievement #determination #entrepreneurship
Havin' a cucumber &amp; onion salad snack~ great way 2 curb ur appetite : )  #applecidervinegar #diet #young4ever https://t.co/Kwwkuhu5g8
Let us be thankful for the fools.  But for them the rest of us could not succeed. Mark Twain #AprilFools
If every fool wore a crown, we should all be kings.  Welsh Proverb #AprilFools
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. Dalai Lama
Check out all the NEW LISTINGS in Mountainview Ranch Store https://t.co/eAf7yoDJmb #textbooks #nonfiction #electronics
Where there is love there is life.  Mahatma Gandhi
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live. J.K. Rowling
Sometimes it is the simplest, seemingly most inane, most practical stuff that matters the most to someone.	Patty Duke
I can't tell you what I had for breakfast, but I can sing every single word of rock and roll	Patty Duke
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
Always do what you are afraid to do.  Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is never too late to be what you might have been. George Eliot
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't. Erica Mann Jong
i like that...how true : ) RT @kitty4hawks: @newfrontiergirl and believing that you deserve it......
Rare never before seen images of Woodstock, 1969 https://t.co/ZbZEtkbMsx
I was smart enough to go through any door that opened. Joan Rivers
It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy. Lucille Ball
And know that I am with you always; yes, to the end of time. Jesus Christ
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. Confucius
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. Buddha
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters. Audrey Hepburn
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life. Buddha
None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul. Swami Vivekananda
Osage Beach Commercial Building Space for lease https://t.co/CA43wnsVly #lakeoftheozarks #osagebeach
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God; trust also in me. Jesus Christ
Make friends with the angels, who though invisible are always with you. Saint Francis de Sales
#Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life. Ludwig van Beethoven
Q: How do bunnies stay healthy?	A: Egg-xercise!	Author Unknown
It is our choices ... that show what we truly are,	far more than our abilities.	-J. K. Rowling
The story of Easter is the story of God's wonderful window of divine surprise. Carl Knudsen
Bunnies are cuddly	The large and the small	But I like chocolate ones	The best of them all.	Author Unknown
Lord, grant that I might not so much	seek to be loved as to love.	St. Francis of Assisi
same 2 u! : ) RT @howcrazy: @newfrontiergirl @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @kimgarst Thanks Debbie &amp; Happy Easter xoxo
Just when the caterpillar thought	the world was over, it became a butterfly.	 Anonymous
See "What's New" in Mountainview Ranch Store https://t.co/tqeoIAq7Pq
Fly Life on Free Wings, and Sing to its Glory.	 Jonathan Lockwood Huie
What we think, we become.	All that we are arises with our thoughts.	With our thoughts, we make the world.	The Buddha
Easter spells out beauty, the rare beauty of new life. S.D. Gordon
Hope all you peeps are havin a great weekend... : )
It does not require many words to speak the truth. Chief Joseph
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win. Stephen King
I never hold a grudge. Billy Graham
The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it.	Chief Joseph
hope your weekend was gr8t! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/RIfN3f6zht
Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love. Billy Graham
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
God has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with. Billy Graham
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. C. S. Lewis
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. Charles R. Swindoll
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. George S. Patton
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best. St. Jerome
I am a big believer that eventually everything comes back to you. You get back what you give out. Nancy Reagan
Feminism is the ability to choose what you want to do. Nancy Reagan
The movies were custard compared to politics. Nancy Reagan #politics #GOP #presidentialelection
Check out "What's New" in Mountainview Ranch Store! https://t.co/AcDgIyCbxE
There's a big, wonderful world out there for you. Don't cheat yourselves out of this promise. Nancy Reagan
Frisky, the schnauzer https://t.co/V0AFnr5mq7
I always liked red. It's a picker-upper. Nancy Reagan
Everything just fell into place with Ronnie and me. We completed each other. Nancy Reagan
Just say no to drugs! Nancy Reagan
As I've said before, time is short, and life is precious. Nancy Reagan
I am a big believer that eventually everything comes back to you. You get back what you give out. Nancy Reagan
Spring is nature's way of saying, "Let's party!" Robin Williams
Spring won't let me stay in this house any longer! I must get out and breathe the air deeply again. Gustav Mahler
have a gr8t wkend! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/hTw3WCm9Y2
It is spring again. The earth is like a child that knows poems by heart.	 Rainer Maria Rilke
thanks ! : ) RT @StevieEvans2015: @newfrontiergirl great quote!
There are good ships &amp; wood ships, ships that sail the sea, but the best ships are friendships, may they always be! Irish Proverb
Dieting is wishful shrinking. Author unknown #diet #weightloss #young4ever #health
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. Pablo Picasso
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.	Bill Bradley
The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily &amp; aims for it unswervingly. Cecil B. DeMille
#Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.	Erich Seligmann Fromm #artist #actor #actress #author #dancer #musician
What soap is to the body, laughter is to the soul.  Yiddish Proverb
The very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.	William Shakespeare
Laugh my friend, for laughter ignites a fire within the pit of your belly and awakens your being.  Stella McCartney
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.	Seneca
Joy is a net of love in which you can catch souls.	Mother Teresa
At the touch of #love everyone becomes a poet.	Plato
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.  David Viscott
I sustain myself with the love of family.  Maya Angelou
Happiness is your nature. It is not wrong to desire it. What is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside. Ramana Maharshi
Be happy in the moment, that’s enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.	Mother Teresa
It's never too late to be what you might have been.  George Eliot
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters. Audrey Hepburn
Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. David Frost
Bigger snacks mean bigger slacks. Author unknown #diet #weightloss #young4ever #health
Always be urself, express urself, have faith in urself, do not go out &amp; look for a successful personality &amp; duplicate it. Bruce Lee
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. C. S. Lewis
@StevieEvans2015 thanks...i like it, too : )
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing. Vince Lombardi
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities!  Dr. Norman Vincent Peale
If you can dream it, you can do it. Walt Disney
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. Mark Twain
Rich, fatty foods are like destiny: they too, shape our ends. Author unknown #diet #weightloss #young4ever #health
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. Confucius
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. Ayn Rand
The one way to get thin is to re-establish a purpose in life. Cyril Connolly, The Unquiet Grave
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. Sam Levenson
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. Charles R. Swindoll
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. C. S. Lewis
#Diets are for those who are thick and tired of it. Mary Tyler Moore
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. George S. Patton
Either you run the day or the day runs you. Jim Rohn
Would you get your dog up in the morning for a cup of coffee and a donut? Just sayin'... #diet #dietquote  #weightloss #young4ever
Hope all you peeps are havin' a nice Sunday!  : )
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.	Mother Teresa
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.	Loretta Young
have a rockin weekend! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/d2D4sLjSfN
Ask about your neighbors, then buy the house.	 Jewish Proverb
If you believe everything you read, better not read.  Japanese Proverb
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.	   Dutch Proverb
Ask advice only of your equals.	Danish Proverb
One kind word can warm three winter months.	 Japanese proverb
If you do what you need, you’re surviving. If you do what you want, you’re living.	Unknown
While there’s life there’s hope.  Proverb
If you scatter thorns, don't go barefoot.  Italian Proverb
Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass… It’s about learning to dance in the rain.  Vivian Greene
You've got to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather was.	 Irish Proverb
Live today, for tomorrow it will all be history.	Anonymous
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.	Thomas A. Edison
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still.	 Chinese Proverb
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. Chinese Proverb
Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished: if you’re alive, it isn’t.	Richard Bach
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back.	Chinese Proverb
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.	Socrates
Call on God, but row away from the rocks.	    Indian Proverb
When you have given nothing, ask for nothing.	    Albanian Proverb
Look on the sunny side of life. Proverb
It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly.	Isaac Asimov
Love the life you live, and live the life you love.	Bob Marley
This is your life, and it’s ending one minute at a time.	Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club
What a wonderful life I’ve had! I only wish I’d realized it sooner.	Colette
Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.	Voltaire
The trouble is you think you have time.	Buddha
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.	African Proverb
If you don’t build your dream someone will hire you to help build theirs.	Tony Gaskins
We all die. The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.	Chuck Palahniuk
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.	Bruce Lee
The most common form of despair is not being who you are.	Søren Kierkegaard
A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.	Kurt Vonnegut
The trick is to enjoy life. Don’t wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.	Marjorie Pay Hinckley
Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.	Mark Twain
Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you’re gonna get.	Forrest Gump
Be so good they can’t ignore you.  Steve Martin
: ) RT @howcrazy True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass @PiperArt @JaniceEFletcher @MarenArt xoxo
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.	 Pablo Picasso
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.	Jack London
Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass… It’s about learning to dance in the rain.	Vivian Greene
Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, you ought to set up a life you don’t need to escape from.	Seth Godin
Love the life you live, and live the life you love.	Bob Marley
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.	Henry David Thoreau
If you do what you need, you’re surviving. If you do what you want, you’re living.	Unknown
Life is a spell so exquisite that everything conspires to break it.	Emily Dickinson
Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished: if you’re alive, it isn’t.	Richard Bach
Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is. Vince Lombardi
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. Charles Swindoll
We become what we think about. Earl Nightingale
Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being. Kevin Kruse
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. –Florence Nightingale
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.	Helen Keller
Every day is a gift from God. There's no guarantee of tomorrow, so that tells me to see the good in this day to make the most of it.	Joel...
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.	Joyce Brothers
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.	Zig Ziglar
Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.	Les Brown
To succeed, you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you.	Tony Dorsett		9
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.	Willie Nelson
thanks! RT @clivedowen: @newfrontiergirl That looks rather nice
ur rite : )RT @Abiola_j360ent: Not in the case of HIV..@newfrontiergirl: Positive anything is better than negative nothing.	Elbert Hubbard
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.	Joseph Campbell
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.	Elbert Hubbard
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision.	Dalai Lama
Been workin' on my book that's soon to be published...Debbie's Diet Gourmet Cookbook #diet #young4ever #skin #model https://t.co/kumWNPA9dC
Summer dreamin' at #lakeoftheozarks in #missouri https://t.co/FCrgt3tgem
TY! RT @steinslady622:ROCKIN TWEEPS @yanyanyan78  @JoneslitsDanfan @YouKnowWhoI_am @ChrisEvansHeart @OuiRachie @DebbiBach @KrystledeLefin
: ) RT @howcrazy Tru Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes  @Kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass @PiperArt @JaniceEFletcher @MarenArt xoxo
I believe if u keep ur faith, u keep ur trust, u keep the right attitude, if ur grateful, u'll see God open up new doors.	Joel Osteen
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.	Lyndon B. Johnson
Winter Sunset at Lake of the Ozarks #lakeoftheozarks #ozarks https://t.co/DNuFAXvPxM
A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away.	Bil Keane
Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.	H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.	Hippocrates
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.	Tom Stoppard
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.	Benjamin Disraeli
If you want to be happy, be.	Leo Tolstoy
A healthy outside starts from the inside.	Robert Urich
I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you.	Joyce Meyer #diet #health #exercise
Be happy with what you have and are, be generous with both, and you won't have to hunt for happiness.	William E. Gladstone
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.	George Sand
Sleep is that golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.	Thomas Dekker
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.	Dalai Lama
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.	Mahatma Gandhi
It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.	Tony Robbins
Time management is an oxymoron.  Priority management is the answer to maximizing the time we have.	John C. Maxwell
I am what I am.  I don't worry about anything that I can't control. That's a really good lesson in life.	Tom Watson
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.	Amelia Earhart
Only you can control your future.	Dr. Seuss
Kindness, I've discovered, is everything in life.	Isaac Bashevis Singer
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.	Arthur Rubinstein
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.	Marcus Aurelius
We do not remember days, we remember moments.	Cesare Pavese
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.	Soren Kierkegaard
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.	George Bernard Shaw
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.	Audrey Hepburn
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.	Francis of Assisi
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. Henry Ford
You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose. Lou Holtz
Did you know?....Leonardo Da Vinci was 51 years old when he painted the Mona Lisa.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.  Walt Disney Company
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it. Lou Holtz
As you get older, the questions come down to about two or three. How long? And what do I do with the time I've got left?	David Bowie
I wanted to prove the sustaining power of music.	David Bowie
I'm not a prophet or a stone aged man, just a mortal with potential of a superman. I'm living on.	David Bowie
I don't know where I'm going from here, but I promise it won't be boring.	David Bowie
u peeps rock! : ) RT @howcrazy: @JaniceEFletcher @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes  @kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass @PiperArt @Marenart
David Bowie Dies: Rock And Fashion Icon Was 69 https://t.co/VOPUuWxPkU
Losers make promises they often break. Winners make commitments they always keep.	Denis Waitley
The greatest gifts u can give ur children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence.	Denis Waitley
The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does.	Napoleon Hill
@richardrekhy think ur right, Richard 😏
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.	Napoleon Hill
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.	Arnold H. Glasow
I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day &amp; I believe in miracles.	Audrey Hepburn
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.	Napoleon Hill
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.	Audrey Hepburn
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.	Winston Churchill
Been takin some photos for my upcoming book, Debbie's Diet Gourmet Cookbook, that'll be out VERY SOON....am excited!!!!!!!! : )
New Years Day at the beautiful Lake of the Ozarks... https://t.co/Qp7dTq4oaS
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.	Charles Darwin
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches.	Alice Roosevelt Longworth
Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?	Bob Marley
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'	Martin Luther King, Jr.
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.	William Feather
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.	Joseph Campbell
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.	Arthur Rubinstein
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.	Bertrand Russell
We do not remember days, we remember moments.	Cesare Pavese
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.	Abraham Lincoln
Every day brings new choices.	Martha Beck
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.	George Bernard Shaw
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.	Audrey Hepburn
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.	Confucius
I'm taking all the negatives in my life, and turning them into a positive.	Pitbull
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.	Walt Disney
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.	Khalil Gibran
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.	William James
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.	Elbert Hubbard
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.	Willie Nelson #mondaymotivation
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.	Joseph Campbell
Been takin photos for my upcoming book, Debbie's Diet Gourmet Cookbook, that'll be out VERY SOON....am excited! https://t.co/QuoD2wTbeJ
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision.	Dalai Lama
thx...same 2 u! : ) RT @MickeyAditya: @newfrontiergirl Blissful and a healthier 2016 to you, Debbie. I hope you achieve all that you wanted.
Youth is when you are allowed to stay up late on New Year's Eve. Middle age is when you are forced to. Bill Vaughn
While angels sing with tender mirth,	A glad new year to all the earth.	Martin Luther
Of all sound of all bells... most solemn and touching is the peal which rings out the Old Year. Charles Lamb
One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: To rise above the little things. John Burroughs
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right. Oprah Winfrey
Year's end is neither an end nor a beginning but a going on, with all the wisdom that experience can instill in us. Hal Borland
Be at War with your Vices, at Peace with your Neighbours, and let every New-Year find you a better (Wo?)Man. Benjamin Franklin : )
Be at War with your Vices, at Peace with your Neighbours, and let every New-Year find you a better Man. Benjamin Franklin
HAPPY 2016! RT @howcrazy:Happy 2016 @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @Kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass @PiperArt @JaniceEFletcher @MarenArt
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.	Charles R. Swindoll #mondaymotivation
Looks like they'd work.... https://t.co/rBkY53rnSg
Of course I'm ambitious. What's wrong with that? Otherwise you sleep all day. Ringo Starr
hehe : ) RT @WienerTerry: @newfrontiergirl if I could just remember that during the day
me too! : ) RT @chriscdailey: @newfrontiergirl I have been Middle Aged for a while now I guess!
How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to? Anthony Robbins
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up. Woody Allen
God gives us dreams a size too big so that we can grow in them. Author Unknown
If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up. J.M. Power
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. Arnold H. Glasow
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else. Lawrence J. Peter
A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other. Author Unknown
Youth is when you are allowed to stay up late on New Year's Eve. Middle age is when you are forced to. Bill Vaughn
If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one.	Cavett Robert
All of us every single year, we're a different person. I don't think we're the same person all our lives.	Steven Spielberg
Celebrate what you want to see more of.	Tom Peters
Every time you tear a leaf off a calendar, you present a new place for new ideas and progress.	Charles Kettering
Resolution One: I will live for God. Resolution Two: If no one else does, I still will.	Jonathan Edwards
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.	Ralph Waldo Emerson
Watch “Hawaii 2015” by @Amanda__Norton on @Vimeo https://t.co/1bwsrbmgxY
Mankind is a great, an immense family. This is proved by what we feel in our hearts at Christmas. Pope John XXIII
Oh, for the good old days when people would stop Christmas shopping when they ran out of money. Author Unknown
Perhaps the best Yuletide decoration is being wreathed in smiles. Author Unknown
The one thing women don't want to find in their stockings on Christmas morning is their husband. Joan Rivers
There's nothing sadder in this world than 2 awake Christmas morning &amp; not be a child. Erma Bombeck
It is Christmas in the heart that puts Christmas in the air. W.T. Ellis
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. Charles Dickens
We are better throughout the year for having, in spirit, become a child again at Christmas-time. Laura Ingalls Wilder
He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree. Roy L. Smith
All faces shone, all voices had a cheery ring, and everybody stepped briskly on errands of good-will. Louisa May Alcott
Very gay they were w/snow &amp; sleigh-bells, holly-boughs, &amp; garlands, below, &amp; Christmas sunshine in the winter sky above. Louisa May Alcott
Christmas is not as much about opening our presents as opening our hearts. J.L.W. Brooks
May Peace be your gift at Christmas and your blessing all year through! Author Unknown
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. Charles Dickens
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents which, in prosperous circumstances, would have lain dormant. Horace
As I grew older, I came to feel more responsible for any hardship or trouble my career caused my family.		Annette Funicello
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. Friedrich Nietzsche
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. African Proverb
One of the most glorious messes ...is the mess created in the living room on Christmas day. Don't clean it up 2 quickly. Andy Rooney
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Mary Engelbreit
There's a bit of magic in everything, and some loss to even things out. Lou Reed, "Magic and Loss"
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world 4 u. Walt Disney
Convert difficulties into opportunities, for difficulties are divine surgeries to make you better. Author Unknown
Bad is never good until worse happens. Danish Proverb
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders. Jewish Proverb
Don’t let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life. Author Unknown
The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief. William Shakespeare, Othello
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.	Og Mandino
Don’t grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form. Rumi
Everyone goes through adversity in life, but what matters is how you learn from it.  Lou Holtz		.
have a rockin weekend! : ) RT @howcrazy: True Diamonds @geewilikers @tracycopy @JanRomes @kimgarst (cont) https://t.co/4pacBMuiP7
He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree. Roy L. Smith
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work. Harry Golden
BILLIONS of dead fish now washing up in Alaska from... https://t.co/2aPhZwNjZJ via @fukushima_watch
Good Deal! https://t.co/BOeLOKVcZW
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.	Abraham Lincoln
We do not remember days, we remember moments.	Cesare Pavese
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.	Marcus Aurelius
Sleep is that golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.	Thomas Dekker
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.	Mahatma Gandhi
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. Audrey Hepburn
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.	Socrates
Nineties Guess Black Vegan Vintage Backpack GUC https://t.co/0opw4YfHfA https://t.co/dLRbdw4dUE
Amazing Vintage Coach Purse from 1990s💋 https://t.co/2IzQcWyzQY via @rubylane
RED  #Vintage Coach Hipster https://t.co/HId9VckoTL cool!
Very pretty #vintage Christmas pins...'tis the season....🎅 https://t.co/2e8wiB9tT6
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.	Norman Vincent Peale
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.	Bruce Lee
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.	Socrates
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.	Scott Hamilton
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.	Lou Holtz
mine, too! RT @_Shellie_Palmer: One of my favorite #quotes Debbie @newfrontiergirl   https://t.co/jh7YixBzUv
thx...you're nice! : ) RT @TheNiceBot: @newfrontiergirl You are perfect. #TheNiceBot
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.	Edmund Burke
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep.	Fran Lebowitz
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale.	Hans Christian Andersen
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.	Mother Teresa
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.	Loretta Young
As u grow older, u will discover that u have 2 hands, one 4 helping yourself, the other 4 helping others.	Audrey Hepburn
Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in #life is to enjoy it.	Samuel Butler
You can't blame gravity for falling in love.	Albert Einstein
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.	Oscar Wilde
I don't want to be alone, I want to be left alone.	Audrey Hepburn
I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.	Audrey Hepburn
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.	Audrey Hepburn
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.	Bruce Lee
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.	H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.	Dalai Lama
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway 2 her heart, the place where love resides.Audrey Hepburn
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.	Franklin D. Roosevelt
thx...glad u liked it! : ) RT @HelmickSuccess: @newfrontiergirl beautiful!
The starting point of all achievement is desire.	Napoleon Hill
It's foggy this mornin' out on the #Ozark prairie... https://t.co/rFlC2bhHUx
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.	Arnold H. Glasow
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.	Henry Ford
Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day in your life.	 Confucius
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.	 Isaac Asimov
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.	 Mark Twain
Don't underestimate your abilities, that's your boss's job.	Anonymous
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming train.	 Anonymous
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do.	Benjamin Franklin
Get the facts first.	You can distort them later.	 Mark Twain
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.  Mark Twain
Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done.	 Amelia Earhart
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.	Audrey Hepburn
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.	Audrey Hepburn
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.	Lao Tzu
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.	William Arthur Ward
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.	Albert Camus
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you.	Baltasar Gracian
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the human heart can hold. Zelda Fitzgerald
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.  Unknown
When we long 4 life w/o difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds &amp; diamonds r made under pressure. Peter Marshall
Only a life lived for others is a life worth while.	 Albert Einstein
Carpe diem! Rejoice while ur alive; enjoy the day; live life 2the fullest; make the most of what u have. Its later than u think. Horace
I don't want to live. I want to love first, and live incidentally.	 Zelda Fitzgerald
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.		 Flora Whittemore
For everything u have missed, u have gained something else, &amp; 4 everything u gain, u lose something else. Emerson
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes u come alive, &amp; go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive. Thurman
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.  James Dean
Debbie's Diet Gourmet Cookbook - will be available for purchase just in time for all those New Year's resolutions : ) #diet #young4ever
If you can dream it, you can do it.	Walt Disney
Show business is my life. When I was a kid I sold insurance, but nobody laughed.	Don Rickles
Go to your business, pleasure, whilst I go to my pleasure, business.	William Wycherley
Do not trust people. They are capable of greatness.	Stanislaw Lem
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.	Robert Kiyosaki
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority.	William Arthur Ward
Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken house as to build a cathedral.	Frank Lloyd Wright
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines.	Stanislaw Lem
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.	Khalil Gibran
Great companies are built on great products.	Elon Musk
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.	Robert H. Schuller
#Food is an important part of a balanced #diet.	Fran Lebowitz #cooking #weightloss
In business or in life, don't follow the wagon tracks too closely.	H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill.	Edward Appleton
My father told me, never have partners.	Howard Hughes
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.	Paul Tournier
Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money.	Peter Drucker
You can be the most beautiful person on Earth, &amp; if u don't have a fitness or diet routine, u won't be beautiful.	Martha Stewart
I think we are at the dawn of a new era in commercial space exploration.	Elon Musk
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.	Andrew Carnegie
Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader.	Tacitus
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.	Napoleon Hill
Word of mouth is the best medium of all.	William Bernbach
I don't go long without eating. I never starve myself: I grab a healthy snack.	Vanessa Hudgens #health #diet
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.	W. Clement Stone
Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun.	Don Marquis
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people.	Orson Welles #diet #weightloss
The opportunity is often lost by deliberating.	Publilius Syrus
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.	Thomas A. Edison
I know what 2 do if I want 2 lose weight &amp; stay healthy: eat a proper #diet &amp; #exercise. All I've got 2 do is apply it.	John Candy
Your #diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments.	Bethenny Frankel
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.	Edward Gibbon
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.	Robert Orben
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.	Colin Powell
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business.	B. C. Forbes
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.	Henry Ford
The idea is to die young as late as possible.	Ashley Montagu
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.	Andy Warhol
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.	Maya Angelou
hope ur havn a rockin wkend! : ) RT @geewilikers: 🎶🎶  @tracycopy @howcrazy @JanRomes @kimgarst @RandiConnects @voxlass @PiperArt @Marenart
I have a healthy body, free of the chemicals that once controlled it.	 Lorna Luft, Judy Garland's daughter
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.	Napoleon Hill
The antidote, the solution &amp; the remedy 4 success is a healthy body, a challenged mind &amp; positive attitude!!  Ricardo Housham
It takes a long time to become young.	Pablo Picasso
In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired.	 Unknown
Thinking of disease constantly will intensify it. Feel always 'I am healthily in body and mind'.  Swami Sivananda
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.  W. Clement Stone
An active mind cannot exist in an inactive body.	 General George S Patton
Peace of mind makes the body healthy, but jealousy is like a cancer.	 Bible
Buddha means awareness, the awareness of body and mind that prevents evil from arising in either.	 Bodhidharma quote
A healthy body is a guest-chamber for the soul; a sick body is a prison.	 Francis Bacon
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.	Ronald Reagan
Believe you can and you're halfway there.	Theodore Roosevelt
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.	Milton Berle
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.	Swami Sivananda
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.	Maya Angelou
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.	Bill Gates
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.	Thomas A. Edison
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.	Colin Powell
So long as you have courage and a sense of humor,	it is never too late to start life afresh.	Freeman Dyson
I'm going to stop putting things off,	starting tomorrow!	Sam Levenson
There is only one day left, always starting over:	it is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk.	Jean-Paul Sartre
Talent is only the starting point.	Irving Berlin
It's never too late -	never too late to start over,	never too late to be happy.	-Jane Fonda
Take calculated risks.	That is quite different from being rash.	George S. Patton
I feel like in a way I'm starting over, with everything.	Shania Twain
Constant dripping hollows out a stone.	Lucretius
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.	Ralph Waldo Emerson
He who hesitates is lost.	Proverb
You cannot plough a field	by turning it over in your mind.	unknown
We are what we repeatedly do.	Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.	Aristotle
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.	Henry J. Kaiser
Lots of things that couldn't be done have been done.	Charles Auston Bates
The only question to ask yourself is	how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success?	Larry Flynt
To find joy in work is to discover the fountain of youth.	Pearl S. Buck
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.	Napoleon Hill
A Sunrise is God's way of saying, "Let's start again".	 Todd Stocker
The more I want to get something done,	the less I call it work.	Richard Bach
When people go to work,	they shouldn't have to leave their hearts at home.	Betty Bender
Always, bear in mind	that your own resolution to succeed	is more important than any other one thing.	Abraham Lincoln
It is fun to do the impossible	Walt Disney
The only limitations you will ever face	will be those you place upon yourself.	Keith DeGreen
The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses.	It is won	in the gym...	long before I dance under those lights.	Muhammad Ali
yes, i agree! RT @chriscdailey: @newfrontiergirl Great quote for Business and Life!
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.	Confucius
RT @Newprairiestore: Get Organized with this Vintage Coach Briefcase https://t.co/B4PGzg9Wjz https://t.co/mOKgpOZ2pz
RT @newprairiestore: New York City Leatherware Vintage Coach Bag https://t.co/X0m8OS42hg… https://t.co/NOBTGqm4tN
A leader is one who knows the way,	goes the way and shows the way.	John C. Maxwell
Money made through dishonest practices will not last long.  Chinese Proverb
Thanks for all the new (&amp; old!) followers...you peeps ROCK! : )
A pat on the back is only a few vertebrae removed	from a kick in the pants,	but is miles ahead in results.	Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Drive thy business or it will drive thee.  Benjamin Franklin
This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave.  Elmer Davis
How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!  Maya Angelou
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms.  It means a strong desire to live taking the form of readiness to die.  G.K. Chesterton
When eating bamboo sprouts, remember the man who planted them.  Chinese Proverb
I think there is one higher office than president and I would call that patriot.  Gary Hart
It is easy to take liberty for granted, when you have never had it taken from you.  Author unknown
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.	Wilma Rudolph
My advice if you insist on slimming: Eat as much as you like – just don’t swallow it. Harry Secombe
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.	Tony Robbins
I have a great diet. You’re allowed to eat anything you want, but you must eat it with naked fat people.  Ed Bluestone
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.	Anne Frank
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.	Bill Copeland
It is never too late to be what you might have been.	George Eliot
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.	F. Scott Fitzgerald
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.	Plutarch
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.	Democritus
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?	Robert H. Schuller
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.	Napoleon Hill
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.	Arthur Ashe
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.	Lao Tzu
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.	Martin Luther
Out of difficulties grow miracles.	Jean de la Bruyere
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.	Robert Louis Stevenson
The things that we love tell us what we are.	Thomas Aquinas
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.	Joseph Campbell
There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.	Bruce Lee
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.	Robin Williams
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.	Buddha
You must do the things you think you cannot do.	Eleanor Roosevelt
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.	H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.	Vince Lombardi
Believe you can and you're halfway there.	Theodore Roosevelt
The only way you get that fat off is to eat less and exercise more.	Jack LaLanne
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.	Aristotle Onassis
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.	Milton Berle
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.	Swami Sivananda
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.	Maya Angelou
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!	Audrey Hepburn
Want to learn 2 eat a lot? Here it is: Eat a little. That way, u will be around long enough 2 eat a lot.	Tony Robbins
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.	C. S. Lewis
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people.	Orson Welles
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.	Ralph Marston
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy.	Anton Chekhov
Step with care and great tact, and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.	Dr. Seuss
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.	Jim Rohn
You can observe a lot by watching.	Yogi Berra
thx sooo much! : ) RT @steinslady622: #ff ROCKIN W/THE BEST @sheilarosesmoke @twlml14 @CandaceCooper (cont) https://t.co/pz9intcvqR
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.	Lao Tzu
The starting point of all achievement is desire.	Napoleon Hill
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.	David Brinkley
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.	Bill Gates