no greater hero for me than jackie robinson from childhood on.	one of the most important americans of the 20th century and remains so. rachel arm in arm.
since my twitter portal crashed last night a number of u were ready to send the men in the white jackets	save your time
it worked! 		i got your attention. 		‘night
RT @tombrokaw: great 	Yamiche is a wonderful colleague and an important voice
my tweet portal is whack	i hv been trying to say i am sorry i offended 	and i so appreciate my colleague
great 	Yamiche is a wonderful colleague and an important voice
finally,i am sorry I failed to convey my strong belief that diversity - dynamic and inclusive is what makes America
finally, i am sorry - i never intended to disparage any segment of our rich, diverse society which defines who we are.
my twitter acct failed me at the worst time.	i am sorry, truly sorry, my comments were offensive to	many. the great enduring american tradition of diversity is to be celebrated and cherished. yamiche, thank u for your comments.	let’s go forward together.
at finding common ground - which i strongly believe 	dialogue not division
i’ve worked hard to knock down false stereo types. in my final comment in Meet i said ALL sides hv to work harder
from my days reporting on cesar chavez to documenting the many contributions of hispanics in all parts of our culture
i feel terrible a part of my comments on Hispanics  offended some members of that proud culture
folks, this will not be resolved unless both sides are involved in immigration reform and solution. trump just demonstrated what happens  when u arrogantly go it alone. on the hill there are x party talks underway. stay tuned. i know you’re paying attn!
trump loses. dems win. govt workers pay the price - and for what?	we  cannot govern by hissy fit. both sides 	must find  a way to immigration reform. hyperbole and hysteria are distractions, not solutions.
russell baker dies but his columns are immortal.	starting as a baltimore police reporter he became a folksy genius at chronicling everything from  presidents to peanut butter.	treat yourself by calling up a few.
wonder if vegas has odds on whether the wall will ever be built.	i’d like some of that action.
no excuse for refs blowing the pass interference call against the rams maybe if the replay is in braille they’ll see it
the refs should hv no excuse for blowing the pass interference call against the rams.maybe if the re play is   in braille they‘ ll see it.
bob costas, my dear friend - broadcasting brother, really - is leaving NBC after 40 years of hall of fame work.	it’s like hearing his hero mickey mantle decided to leave the yankees.	the master is leaving the building.	godspeed, robert
i began my tv career at ktiv, in sioux city, rep steven king’s dist. in my long ago time there folks were conservative but not bigots.his views on race hv been abhorrent for some time. i hope they now understand  he’s gone way too far. and they, too, are being judged.
The president never had to worry about missing pay day.	his dad showered him with big $ early and often.	no worries about rent, food, medical.	so govt workers are just chips in his latest big casino
the DC deadlock is embarrassing.	for trump 	this one is going the way of his atlantic city casinos.	dems are “my way or the highway.” 	the big issue? hispanics. trump doesn’t want them.	dems see them as pol future.	where are the grown ups?
the security of the southern border is a legitimate issue, deserving thoughtful  bi partisan attn.  not the potus hysteria. 	why don’t we hear his real anger after mass shootings in l. vegas; a tx church; a fla school - and all the others?
edge of SOLAR system not universe.
oy
happy new year and let’s all cheer NASA which has successfully sent a spacecraft to Ultima Thule, a barren chunk of rock at the edge of the known universe. NASA remains “can do.”	u listening WH and Congress?
merry christmas, happy new year and best wishes to all as we enter a time of uncertainty, anxiety and, yes, promise because for all the darkness in america there is always light if we have faith in our history, institutions, laws and each other.
pres trump getting rid of general mattis is like the  captain of a sinking ship firing the coast guard.  		this is a time for all hands to be on deck - whatever their party label - and confront captain queeg, er, president trump
trump and gop  back away from funding the wall.	stock  mkt craters again.flynn may 	hv  to cough up more to avoid jail time. cohen is singing to feds.	conservatives are unhappy about wall surender.	not so merry, merry at mar a largo this xmas,
if bob dole saluting the casket of george bush didn’t move u, check your heart. it may be awol.	two one  time rivals, wwii vets, one working class, the other	wealthy, later brothers in  common cause - love of country	and what’s  best for all.
pres bush resisted my plan to include  him in THE GREATEST GENERATION but i persisted. 	at the dedication of the WWII memorial	surrounded by WWII vets 	and an adoring  public he wrote a note	TOM, MAYBE I WAS WRONG.	RIP great man.
the border crisis is appaling.	yes, we must control our. borders but tear gassing kids and both sides trying for political points is shameful.	time for an emergency bi partisan solution.	use ngos experienced in refugee crises
p. trump says he’s read “some” of global warming report -but doesn’t believe it.	huh?	work of int’l group of brilliant scientists dismissed with less attention than his golf game? or his hair style?
i am an eli and ny giants fan but drew b. should be consensus pick for mvp. also a nice guy and good citizen.
happy thanksgivjng everyone		brace yourselves.		it’s going to be a rock  and roll couple of years. 		and remember - UFO		the unforeseen will occur.		hope we can find more common cause	and keep our differences on a higher plane.
chief justice roberts rebuke of p. trump’s reaction to a 9th circuit judge’s ruling on immigrants was welcome and important.	the constitutional framework of the American govt is designed to withstand presidential abuse. 	 no trump hissy fit will change that
P Trump blows off two Vet cemetery visits- then mocks one of America’s greatest warriors. still hasn’t visited troops in war zones	gives himself A+ as president. 	what are they saying at the VFW in trump country?
veteran’s day dating to WWI - a war to end all wars.	how did that work out?	mankind’s greatest failure - the endless cycles of wars., so much loss, so much evil. honor the bravery and sacrifice that confronts the madness
pres trump calls white house “a sacred place” deserving of better treatment by press. 	no, mr president, it is not a religious sanctuary.	it is the people’s house, and its temporary occupants are not above examination or criticism. 	always has been and will be after you’re gone
we can send space ships to mars, transplant hearts, invent the digital world but we can’t agree on a secure, fool proof ballot system that is critical to the integrity of our election system 	 current mish mash is disgraceful.
a great man has died - unknown to most americans.	lodi gyari, the friend and adviser to the Dalai Lama	he helped me reach the right people in tibet and brought me to His Holiness in India.	lodi was gentle, shrewd and a visionary.	His holiness will miss him
election day 24 hours away.	remember - UFO	the unforeseen will occur. no greater UFO than trump in 	‘16. what this time?	biggest challenge? mending a fractured country.
my first election coverage - 1956 	after b’ball practice i raced to country schools in SD	to get returns for local radio station. stayed on until midnight. catering by Kip’s Blue Moon. 	i was hooked.
fat fingers lead to fat head mistakes.	another subject: my favorite guide at this time in any	election year.	UFO	the unforeseen will occur	no bigger HFO than D Trump’s election. 	this Nov?
whoops		misspelled finally and justice.		just to see if u were payjng attention.		now you know why susie wardell beat me in the finals of the 1952 grade school spell off in ft randall, sd		she was hime studying and i was playing pick up	football
finalky caught up to The Post, Steven Spielberg’s brilliant account of graham, bradlee and the washington post taking on nixon and the pentagon papers.	closed with justuce black: the free press is to protect	the governed, not the governors.	true then and now
mass murder in a synagogue by a vile anti semite,	pipe bombs directed at trump critics, mis representation of the central American convoy	and the pres blames the media??	except fox!?	a time for unity not hateful division
great FBI work  on bombing suspect 	congressional critics should zip it
Don’t miss FREE SOLO, 	the thrilling film of Alex Honnold’s 	 historic climb	of El Capitan in Yosemite. No ropes or other aides. Just Honnold’s climbing genius on almost 3000’ of	sheer granite.	One of the greatest athletic achievements ever .
my point  - judge kavanaugh and dr ford deserve a chance to tell their story in their own words under oath without the echo chamber of opponents and supporters	in the vast world of social media.	if neither is persuasive bring in the fbi.	no need to rush. it is a life time appt.
time to end all the speculation, gossip, threats, rumors and hear from mr kavanaugh and dr ford directly.	personal and national stakes are historic. no time for mob rule.
l
40 years ago - the camp david accords - with sadat, begjn and president carter. an enduring triumph.	pres carter’s vision and persistence. 	historic accomplishment. take a bow, mr president.
whoops 		longest DAY of my professional career, not life.	but also longest day of my life.
9-11. longest life of my professional career.	had no idea what would happen next. 	so much pain, loss, confusion.	BUT very quickly the country united - by grief and resolve.	that’s been lost. an enduring shame.
hate to disappint re burt reynolds meeting.		we talked football
i spent a day with burt reynolds on one of the smokey films for a TODAY feature.	 it was like hanging with my h.s. football buddies in the locker room.	the real deal.
that would be a fitting and welcome tribute to this great man
sen mccain’s funeral - bi partisan, eloquent, emotional - who we are not what we’ve become. now let there be a mccaine coalition - dems  and republicans - to take on health care or immigration in a bi partisan way
pres trump - you are commander in chief by law, duty bound to honor sen mccain	ignoring his death is a disgrace
the Tweet that trump’s outbursts are just an act is not mine.
Trump sounds normal in private. It's all an act. @CNN https://t.co/SZjYBeFogn
trump blasts euro allies - praises putin - where is the rank and file GOP outrage
whoops.		left out le tour.		love it when i go into a cowboy bar in Mont and all eyes are on bikers, not broncs
Wimbledon and the World Cup - two events 	in which great athletes from around the world compete and neither side fires a shot or triggers a bomb.	A rare moment for humans to find common cause.
the newsroom shooting, like all others this year	makes me physically ill. our dear friend carl hiaasen lost his brother. 	it’s a shameful commentary. “got a problem? get a gun.”	guns aren’t going away but their homocidal use requires a new crusade.
the image of america around the world - crying children being yanked from their parents by govt. order.	no political mumbo jumbo can change that.		immigration reform?		instead a collapse of US values
@ron_fournier @klickhealth ron - when do we guve that boy his tour of nat hist museum?	brokaw
74 years ago today -D DAY,  the bold, brave invasion that	was the beginning of the end of the 	monster, nazi germany.	reporting from omaha beach in ‘84 inspired GREATEST GENERATION
the royal wedding - so much more than a marriage of 2  	in love. it was a welcome reminder that love, faith, joy   - whatever your race, STAND BY ME
one night after dinner i asked what he was working on.he said, “i’ve become kind of fascinated by the astronauts”		this was well after the moon landings so i thought, “even the great tom wolfe runs out of ideas”		welcome to THE RIGHT STUFF.
tom wolfe was a close friend, a bon vivant with a soft drawl, white suit, walking stick and fopish hat.	he enviscerated the excesses of the 60s 	before turning to novels.		unfailingly good company, polite in that drawing room way and always entertaining.		cont.
Let’s hear jt for James  Shaw who took away the shooter’s 	AR15 at Tenn Waffle House then raised $24k for victims.	Great Americans are everywhere every day
barbara bush’s funeral and her life of grace, honesty and warmth was a timely reminder of what we’re missing in public life across the board.		the funeral was a welcome respite from the current	alley cat brawl
the nite before she died barbara bush watched her husband order martinis.she said, i’d like a manhattan!	and who could refuse her!
larry kudlow taking on amb haley - and losing game, set match. the ambassador was aces and he was out of bounds. larry is a convivial sort but governing is not 	cable tv
mission to n. korea is smart - and maybe the beginning of a productive approach. 	so why clutter the possibilities  with a stormy tweet war??
3 nation strike on syria right response but now US should lead a diplomatic  effort to resolve syria’s continued   threat. US, Europe, ME and invite Putin.	time to end that madness
Zuckerberg’s appearance demonstrated most Senators think the digital age means you can still count with your fingers
speaker ryan retiring 		can u blame him?		choices - sundays on the phone with a twitter raging president - or feet up on the barcalounger, a plateful of brats, a cold beverage and the Pack on tv.		getting out this early? does he hear a coming train wreck?
pruitt gets gop support “because he’s carrying out the president’s policies” which apparently no longer include 	“draining the swamp”
TSA once again		2 of 4 belts at delta la guardia shut down.		no urgency on part of tsa staff.		looooonnnggg lines
whoops - spellcheck - make that cosTco
@AskTSA you might post a sign explaining the problem  none of us could get answer
on a  VERY busy weekend TSA shuts 1 of 2 lanes at Delta LaGuardia terminal. Like Cosco shutting half a store week before Xmas		Brilliant,
xi, kim and trump - nukes, trade and the future.	stakes could not be higher.	who is advising president trump?	what’s the us strategy and objective?		it requires so much more than a tweet
March for Our Lives is a powerful, welcome and overdue demonstration against gun violence	and i hope there will also be more attention to inner city gun vioence.
whoops		my fault		YIN		does not require a g string
the ying and yang of the digital age: FACEBOOK’S failures  to protect your privacy - to allow others to cash in.	a huge problem.	BUT the digital age allowed investigators to track down the tex bomber. 	like all technology, digital requires judgment
watching the fla students discuss on Sixty 	mins the school shooting reaffirms my faith in the nxt generation.	sensible, articulate, determined.	a shame it took such a tragedy to be reminded.
Pres Trump at a Penn rally calls my colleague and friend Chuck Todd a “sleeping SON OF A BITCH.”	Really classy.	Explain that to your children.
NCAA b’ball tournament time.	black players	white announcers.	fewer black coaches. 		just sayin’
@MargoBr15 i remember ray well. also jerry hermanek.	tyndall was a track power
asked his wife how it affected her. she sed, “when i fix his bkfst do i think i am serving the famous miler?”	i CERTAINLY do not!
RIP r. bannister, first to break 4 min  mile. a brit, he	became a famous neurologist. met him	at london olympics. told him i was at a so dak track meet when i heard the news, electrifying.
whatever you think about pres trump, the white house chaos is indisputable. if this were a pizza parlor or car dealership, a bank or a farm they’d be headed for bankruptcy
high fives to megan kelly for timely and important putin interview.	more to come at this critical juncture
@marc_allegret journalese/newsroom habit.
@jamesjo39744908 huh? this is not about the election - it is about human decency
those who accuse the grieving fla students of being actors  i hope are being ostracized in their community. shame, shame, shame
President sees Russian interference only in personal terms.	where’s the outrage over an attack on our NATIONAL interests? the condemnation of Putin’s constant attack on US values and system?	when does the Commander in Chief take command?
the las vegas massacre and the tx church killings	faded from the news quickly.	now the acute pain of fla, the heartbreaking stories of victims. do not let these deeply painful  losses	be in vain.	it is a test of our nat’l character
i grew up with guns as a hunter. we didn’t need assault weapons for hunting or home protection.	now schools hv code reds and mass shooting drills.	and far too many deaths. 	it is a shameful, unacceptable reality
how will historians judge our time when school shootings are routine? civilization gives way to madness by gunfire.	it’s a national crisis and it is homegrown.	assault weapons are for war, not for civilians
@USA_11111 matt was fired and acknowledged he was wrong
@realJoeDeFranco matt was fired and apologized
@USA_11111 two wrongs make a right??  good to know your ethics
trump praising r. porter who lvs the WH an accused wife beater - no POTUS word for  porter’s wives - both with evidence of abuse	Shameful
good for Sen Thune to urge a slow down on	release of FBI memo by GOP Reps.	Speaks up for FBI role as protectors and says Sen intel comm shud get a look.
state of the union speech. a kabuki exercise. reps of potus party hop up and down, like electronic programmed moles		oppo goes dark		be nice if a potus just said, “hey, gimme a break. doing the best i can. let’s grab a beer and watch some hoops.”
you’re an army nurse/fed narc/park ranger/cdc tech.	how u feeling about Cong and WH these days?		Schoolyard scrums hv more discipline than the grandees inside the Beltway.		if DC were a biz it would be in bankruptcy
@pcassady i remember when alabamans had a sense if humor - and thought Bear Bryant was a god - lower case
Vikings fans! Reason to believe there is a god - and he/she is a Lutheran!	Twin Cities, home to late Herb Brooks.	Another miracle.
Dr King’s memorable “I have a dream...”	still to be realized. Let’s make it everyone’s dream - and reality.
keith jackson  - he could do it all. gave me shout out when i flipped coin at 2001 rose bowl. great sportscaster - Marine - gentleman
sens cotton and perdue “can’t recall” potus using “s... hole” language. 	fellow gop sen graham and others have sharper memories and better hearing.	sen cotton and perdue - costco hs a good deal on hearing aids.	just sayin....
@Rrodddy @USATODAY hmmm. better when dr salk died?	or jackie robinson? or jimmy stewart? john glenn? walter cronkite?	nothing like mass condemnation, eh?
@MularzChris i do, actually. and they all first claims on the new tuas as future draft picks
9 mos from now every newborn in Ala will be named 		Tua
RIP john young, the astronaut’s astronaut.	cool, man of few words and many accomplishments.	personified tom wolfe’s 	THE RIGHT STUFF.	tough jnterview. preferred. action to words.	but what action!
in the nytimes this week i wrote an op ed	as a tribute to US health care, including role of immigrants - MDs to techs to orderlies.	it rec’d a gratifying positive response. suggested congress should listen more to folks on front line of med	and less to lobbyists.
new year but same titles - JFK &amp; LGA the worst airports in usa from traffic to security to boarding		shopping malls posing as airports
savannah and hoda - historic and so deserved 		one more step in what i believe will the hallmark of the 21 century		women hv full parity
2 big UK WWII films likely up for Oscars	- DUNKIRK and THE DARKEST HOUR, both about Britain’s perilous condition in early days of WWII.		Instructive about leadership and daring		liked HOUR best.		Churchill at his best.		NEVAH GIVE UP
may the christmas hallelujah of peace on earth	be heard and honored for all people all year and beyond
dick enberg - oh my, what a loss.	we arrived in LA about the same time, 2 midwesterners, wide eyed and excited about opportunities.	he stayed the nice guy to the very end.	RIP, my friend.
ny giants w/o eli starting not my giants -always a class act even when being blamed for failures of others
my canadian followers rightfully claim they’re as free as USA		they did live with the crown longer but without canada, no diana krall!
@MatthewP57 fair point		i will henceforth adjust
happy thanksgiving, all		difficult days but we still hv more opportunities, more freedom than anyone in history.		division is our common enemy
pres trump on foreign soil calling 3 u.s. intel professionals “political hacks” while praising Putin	and believing his denial of Russian elect interference.	where is GOP outrage?
on this veterans day a tiny %  of our pop. are defending our lives and values on dangerous fronts. 	remember and honor them EVERY day
Trump in Asia - and maybe with Putin	 surprises sure to come
John McCain at US NAVAL ACADEMY Monday night.	google his speech.	a tough, articulate condemnation of US isolationism and history’s lessons
@buddygirl15 yes, it was me. hope all went well with your daughter. a fellow south dakotan
just a month later LV shooting massacre is history - except for victims. 	59 dead.	500 wounded - many for life.	why no cont outrage?
RT @tombrokaw: "fats" domino - an american r and r icon	As a 15 yr old  boy dj "Fats"was the man on my play list.	 now he's gone.	AINT THAT…
"fats" domino - an american r and r icon	As a 15 yr old  boy dj "Fats"was the man on my play list.	 now he's gone.	AINT THAT A SHAME
@Joegomez1954 nope. that was brian williams
RT @tombrokaw: go into inner cities, gun shows, schools together.		a united front not a war on each other.		worth considering?
go into inner cities, gun shows, schools together.		a united front not a war on each other.		worth considering?
an idea  - players, owners, police chiefs form combined crusade against ALL gun violence - 	inner city, police, maniacal.		lock arms
good god! 		banning bump stocks “something we hv to take a look at...”		make a semi auto weapon full auto &amp; much more lethal? look?		duh
las vegas is the 911 of mass shootings- it will change concert, hotel, big crowd security but will it change access to military weapons
Price wanted to drain the swamp to make room for a charter business 		and pay for a single seat.		but his flight plan ran out of runway
google SAFE AND SOUND, new name for San Fran 	child abuse prevent program.		Same important work just new title		America the Great
iowa/penn state game - why i love college football.	Hawks were 13 pt u'dogs - and came within 4 secs	of winning. 	Dern	Big 10 football!
@TheMactastic not just tudor city - no one can get around - vendors, maintenance  teams, ambulances
traffic is 3rd world - streets are militarized - mebbe Amazon should take UN on line
UN meet in NYC is annual nightmare for locals
IRMA reminds us that nature takes no prisoners 	when aroused. Fla will rebound but the 	Carib is a wreck. Loonngg recovery.
so proud of lester holt - as face of nbc news, journalist, citizen and great guy doing 24-7 duty in Houston
mr president,		i've been a journalist 50 yrs. Never met one who didn't love USA. 	Many risk  their lives reporting on US values.	Cheap shot
watched  eclipse today on Crow hunting grounds at 7k feet in Mt. 	no houses in sight		just majestic mount. ranges.		spritual
Gregory picks up a chicken leg - and kisses it!		A gentle man, stainless steel courage,  straight to the heart humor.		God bless
dick gregory RIP		GREGORY bit		goes to Dixie cafe, orders chicken.		3 bubbas say, "wht ever u do to tht chicken, we'll do to you!"
in mt, awaiting eclipse	- frm high cliff over wilderness valley.	maybe  wildlife reacting	a time for awe 	not "arrggh. he did what?"
duke says trump should remember whites put him in presidency.		america the white only? 		a burning fuse.		who will extinguish, DT?
@newsbusters hacked		did not send last twitter.		ignore
lbj got civil rights passed by working with congress, especially southernors. not by insulting them. lesson for obamacare.
@jimryantx yes - brokaw clan large. lucille was a cousin
43 yrs ago nixon resigned.		i was in e. room for his farewell  and watched him give a final, defiant salute from chopper.		RMN so complex
whoops.		nuclear, not nunclear.		mrs morrow, my 2nd grade spelling teacher, would not approve.
two worst haircuts in  nunclear show down.	unnerving.	compare with JFK in cuban missle crisis.	time for cool, imaginative resolve
Semper Fi was not in the Mooch vocabulary so when he met a Marine he went down fast.
RT @tombrokaw: i've been to j mccain's Hanoi capture site and VN jail cell.	no one should EVER deny his heroism or patriotism.	EVER.		fight…
i've been to j mccain's Hanoi capture site and VN jail cell.	no one should EVER deny his heroism or patriotism.	EVER.		fight on, senator.
@LindaK9975 @NBCNightlyNews moon landing and walk thrilling and historic.	my haircut and tie also unearthly.
jim vance - NBC Wash DC forever anchor - rest in peace, my friend. 		you defined professional cool and accomplishment
after 7 yrs promising better health care GOP craters. lesson: arrogance is not policy. bi-partisan fix only answer. Aug is time to huddle
Hmm. Not a word from WH re  "fake news"	on brilliant NYT story on DT, Jr, /	Russians. Only fakes were his 1st explanations.		more to come
n. korea not yet Cuban missle crisis but v. dangerous.		can't be solved by tweet or pep rally.		most serious threat yet for p. trump
whatever your politics, what do you tell a child about POTUS use of scabrous language to attack a journalist? "he fights back."?		Shame
OMG! Dems and GOP MAY talk to each other on health care.		Breakthrough!		About time pols realized it's  2 party system not oil &amp; h2o.
Spkr Ryan's excuse for Trump - this is new for him. Excuse me? Trump ran as a  big time exec, not as an apprentice.
denying climate change is like king canute trying to stop the tide.		mother nature rules while deniers delude
pres trump strong speech calling on islamic nations to step up - timely and welcome. 	UAE is already there. others need to folo.
got to know moeller during fbi investigation into office anthrax attack.		best of breed. 		considerate, by the book and no chest thumping.
trump and comey - the self proclaimed art of a deal maestro came up way short and in deep
so proud of l.holt intvu with POTUS.	smart, direct, newsy.		a pro's pro.
nba play offs - world's greatest athletes.		run, jump, shoot, hand-eye.		muscular ballet.
@optionb 		option b is genius - coping with adversity.	in '13 i was diagnosed with cancer - a brother, alzheimer's 		family got us thru
in our 2 nyc families Passover/Easter combine to provide enduring lessons in history, faith and spiritual values.		a two-fer hallelujah!
D.Letterman's b-day 4/12		lotsa candles.	watch the beard as you lean over the cake!		four alarm fire. 		small critters running out
UAL will hv to hire ex spec forces to get passengers ONTO their planes
breslin, son of queens, toast of manhattan, bars, stoops, precinct houses, courts, voice of the overlooked and unappreciated. a big, big man
chuck berry invited t. russert and me to duck walk an iowa hotel lobby in 2000. 	two no rhythm white boys with the legend. RIP CB.
"somebody elses babies" are in US mil  uniforms and in harm's way. volunteers to protect America.	Cong King, please!
@tombrokaw 		john glenn - authentic american hero in war, space, pubkic service and lifestyle.. 		no twitter rants or foundation shakedown
@tombrokaw
Houston coach T Herman greets players with a hug and kiss on the cheek.		Woody Hayes and Lombardi school? 		Don't think so.
god bless flo henderson.		Ind poor girl with magical voice. from poverty to B'way by 20		never lost Ind values.
hope president elect keeps Obama 's cancer Moonshot. 		important, timely and crosses all party lines.		maybe even keep biden in charge
@MarkHarrisNYC @AnthonyQuintano
Trump cabinet - who ever gets in - no job guarantees.	Car and driver, staff, VIP treatment - and lots of second guessers, pol enemies
heartbreaking - the gwen news. we exchanged messages this fall and she seemed optimistic.		evil cancer claims another too young to leave
@tombrokaw 	for the candidates this is the longest day.	for the country, thank god almighty
final stops by both candidates tells u how fragile and volatile the support is.  3 wks ago clinton gurus said Pa a lock. NH is a pendulum
all campaigns end in a flurry of x country tours	4 yrs ago romney thot he had it. 	wrong. trump left his side angry - and 4 yrs later?
hillary's claim that  1 /2 trump supporters are a basket of deplorables  is a stunning gaffe. 		trump backers cal, it a turning point
remember nixon's "secret" plan to end V'nam war?	now comes trump's secret plan to beat  ISIS.	Really?
terrible news in Mont	long stretch of y'stone river shut cuz of parasitic fish kill. also tribs.big $ blow to region. no fishing, boating
despite all the bad news warnings rio is working quite well - heavy but navigable traffic  great food
in my post on the khan family i inadvertently misspelled Khan		apologies
god bless suzanne wright who died today of cancer. 	founder of autism speaks and den mother at nbc where husband bob was ceo
a friend says mr kahn showing trump the US	Constitution was the equivalent of the Chinese student in front of the tank.		agree
i sed some find Hil's oratory too shrill	Got killed. Sexist!	Ok. How about too harsh? Bombastic?	Softer also works
@tombrokaw	hil is ready to rumble.	a lawyer with a big case against Trump's I Am The Only One claim		u'll hear more about this every day.
one nite, one stage: first AfAm Potus and 1st female nominee with her ex pres spouse looking on	Trifecta
make this sun. a day of nat'l mourning and reflection.	where do we go from here? an american dialog on who we are and how we go forward.
@tombrokaw 		on TODAY i asked Ali if he'd lost speed.		i held up my hand for him to hit		his hands didn't move.		said WANNA SEE IT AGAIN??
Ali, the most charismatic man of my life.i was with him several times - but the last was sad. he wanted to talk but couldn't. a final hug.
48 yrs ago Calif primary- RFK v McC	SOOO much at stake		2 Irish-Cath from opposite ends of pew		prob best campaign i ever covered
my first indy 500	doing profile of david letterman, 	car partner and hoosier native.	in person indy cars faster than on tv	so is dave
saw old friend morley lst wk.	he was frail but we had	laffs and wonderful memories		he brought style to his craft	and life		god bless him
@safety
@ron_fournier @amykoehler @LoveThatBoyBook @wordsbookstore 		ron is a great journalist - HOF father. 	read it and u 2 will luv that boy
@ron_fournier @amykoehler @LoveThatBoyBook @wordsbookstore
need a lift? google obituary of richard jacobson of des moines.		hugely successful businessman, very, very rich and generous.		god bless
folks ask me every day - who's gonna be 	president? If i knew, get your $ - we're going to Vegas!	But the roulette wheel has many spins left
maybe the best 10 secs in college basketball - ever
NY on a snowy weekend. even Ted Cruz would hv a good time
in NY the only walk not shoveled on 79 is the Iraqi consulate. They hv enuf US $ to be good neighbors
gop cands shuld be happy christian mccaffrey isn't in iowa caucuses
natalie cole - a great lady and singer - gone at 65.	we shared a birthday  2/6 - and i was so pleased to be her friend
thrilled to receive the officers cross of the order of merit of the fed republic of Germany
in las vegas for rodeo finals. casinos jammed with fun lovers. mebbe USA is not all in edge.
at the nat'l rodeo finals with mike ingram tonight. cowboy tough athletes making a fraction of NFL journeymen.
God bless Doug TOMPKINS - one of the world's greatest environmentalists and adventurers. one of a kind
#give2veterans today and forever
Hope u are too
#Give2Veterans is the hashtag that Bob and LEE woodruff want us to use fir their fab foundationI
gop has series of hulk hogan events - dems hv feisty PTA meeting
At Columbia for freshman welcome- granddaughter Claire from SF to NYC
Running Against Hillary http://t.co/LVPvxNthu0
My book A LUCKY LIFE INTERRUPTED debuts on NYT list tied for #3	Many thanks all buyers
Book coming out next week - A LUCKY LIFE INTERRUPTED - and today i'm with Billy Bush on ACCESS HOLLYWOOD
In Dallas, headed for Mayo Clinic, working on documentary based on my book - A LUCKY LIFE INTERRUPTED about cancer struggle
Looking forward to Churchill Centre dinner honoring Madeline Albright in NY tonite.		Wish the great man could be there.
My new book  - A LUCKY  LIFE INTERRUPTED - about cancer, family, life and friends due out May 11. Jon Stewart's reaction is priceless
Off to U of Chi for politics forum with Roger Simon. My first campaign? LBJ in Midwest 64
The Lives They Lived http://t.co/pGnQVmeiHc		m nichols was an artistic genius, so much more than a few lines from a film. That was insulting
The Lives They Lived http://t.co/pGnQVmeiHc
Opening Day on NBC SPORTS channel 11 pm Wed		SD pheasants, my dog Red, old pals and shotguns		Don't miss
B Williams and Snowden Wed nite	Must see tv on NBC	Big get
Last saw M Rooney in his uniform at WWII Mus in NOLA.	He was proud of his basic training and service during the war.
The familiar coast of crimea. Nixon met Brezhnev there in 74, hoping for  a big deal rescue from W'gate. Brezhnev: Nada. I was WH corres
Proud of US hockey teams. Losing to Canada in hockey is like losing to The Boss on The Voice
Bode Miller, yes!		We met at SLC games and he remains one of the greatest and most interesting athletes I've known.
Go, Bode, go. 		Your time - again. 		This time as Poppa!
It's winter. It snows. Inconvenient, yes, but better than Ca drought. 	Nature rules - we adapt.
As a NY theater buff i often ran into PSH and was always impressed by his everyman personality and acting genius
@JetaimeLesMis happy birthday, David
Greg Mortenson '3 Cups of Tea' tells me his surprising message for Krakauer/Kroft @TODAYshow Tuesday, 7:30a http://t.co/Y4WXk0j3P2"
Watch my interview with a remorseful gregg mortenson of 3 cups of tea tues on Today @ 730
I remember it as if it were yesterday, I was heartbroken – President @billclinton on JFK assassination http://t.co/rnovyC6Fri  #JFK50
Sat down with @harrybelafonte for our JFK doc http://t.co/4CgIWlHa7n 		#JFK50
Joe Califano http://t.co/yinSadrHS5 Army’s general counsel &amp; Bobby Kennedy were asked to pick the plot in Arlington Cemetery #JFK50
Dr. Robert Grossman operated on the president and Oswald http://t.co/URegIz2Ou7 #JFK50 on @NBC 11/22
Sonny Jurgensen @Eagles QB on the game he played vs @Redskins 2 days after JFK died http://t.co/M9V2ODzQRE #JFK50 on @NBC
Yankees honor Jackie Robinson  - 42 on memorial wall 		Baseball at its best - and whatever your team, salute  the Yankees and Jackie
Yankee tribute to The Sandman - perfect.  All about values  - faith, family, loyalty and humility.	 Honor to be here
Obama and RED LINE line  in  Syria reminds of the conflicted anchor in BROADCAST NEWS. 		"They keep moving it," he complains		Chaos in WH
Wonder how Ichiro celebrates 4k hits?
Remembering Egypt when Sadat assassinated, thinking couldn't get worse		Wrong		ME on fire
Jack Germond. On the air i once asked about a small band aid on his cheek. He said, " a stewardess bit me" i retorted "and died on the spot"
When amazon was in early #$ trouble i asked bezos on the air, "can u even spell profit?"		He responded, "sure. P-R-O-P-H-E-T"		How true
God bless John Palmer, tireless reporter, always a gentleman, loving husband and doting father. Friend for almost 50 yrs.		Heartbreaking
Anyone notice?		'Toonist genius G Trudeau turned 68 this summer.		Boy wonder to senior wonder. Zonk on medicare!
Bud Day 		WW II, V'nam, MOH, vet's advocate		Great man 		Rest in peace, friend
See NYT article on Mandela family choices on end of life #jennifer BROKAW md
S Africa Air #203 J'burg -NY -  disgrace		3 gates,3 sec chex, 2 hour delay		No one in charge
In Malawi for roll out of tomato sauce biz started 3 yrs ago with M. BROKAW help. 		Local women - doing it all from growing to market
Where does Snowden show up to say 	"I'm going to Disneyworld"??
In Cape Town and J'burg on Mandela watch.		Career highlight: here in 90 for his release		Great man
Great national anthem at spurs-heat play off tonight
@LukeRussert @robertcostanro 		I interviewed iverson when he was in trouble in high school		Phenom in hoops and as football qb		So sad
@LukeRussert @robertcostanro
#mtp
#meetthepress Pete Williams - the best
If cabrera pulls this off argentina gets a pope and a masters champion in the same half year.
FGCU - reads like an eye exam, shoots like the ball has eyes.		"Venerated" now means 2 years in Div One
@tombrokaw sleeper: ole miss		Champ: duke 		(Hey - daughter #3 is a dukie)
In Calif 1st round games on tv at 9:30. BB,  Bagels and Bilas for a healthy breakfast.
Very nice tribute to marvin hamlisch tonight at paley center in ny.		Hall of Fame mensch.		Remembering The Way We Were
Jack Dorsey on 60 Mins	Twitter titan	Teach your kids to love trains and police scanners.
Welcome March Madness 	No sequester for hoops	And the winner is...whoops..out of characters
On Oprah's Master Class tonight at 10. My Irish side - Conleys of Mayo - will watch. Hope u do, too.
Neil Young just did Born in the USA		Killed
At music cares with the boss in la - and neal young, elton, sting, ben harper, bonnie raitt, natalie cole - your usual fri nite glee club
Young journalists everywhere - read the obit of Gene Patterson.		A man of honor, courage and the highest personal and professional standards
In NOLA for new Boeing air wing at WWII museum 		Dazzling display of vintage bombers, fighters etc 		Like time travel
Ala, SC, Clem , Ga, A&amp;M,Tx, Miss..		Is the football God a Baptist??
Johnny Football - already a legend at 20		No post Heisman fall off here
From my comments on MTPress		SS retirement age		Make it optional with $ incentives
New yrs eve at M Hamlisch  tribute - Lincoln Center		Smashing		The Way We Were...
Sen Inouye - emblematic Greatest Generation. Witnessed Pearl Harbor,  fought heroically, long time Senator and always a patriot
It is not enough to talk about access to guns.		We also have to address a popular culture that treats graphic violence as routine
In Salt Lake for taping of Tabernacle C &amp; O Xmas show.		Majestic		Not to worry - I talk, not sing.
#Z100JingleBall		In the Garden with Taylor Swift		Long way from my teenage dee jay days
On this day 71 years ago FDR up late at WH		Pearl Harbor		America in the biggest war  - ever
Kennedy Center Honors		DeNiro, Fey, M Freeman, Kid Rock, Foo    Fighters		No one fell off stage or fiscal cliff
Xmas tree lighting at 30 rock tonite		Rod Stewart among others		Jingle	Bell 	Rick
Eli and Giants are back. AR's mustache was like Sampson's hair.	Take that @BlevinCNN
Coliseum is rocking tonite		Still a grand old stadium		Many memories of LA Rams, Bruins, Trojans &amp; Garo!		(Get it?)
One winter as Larry Hagman's neighbor	he'd invite our kids to join his parade on the beach.		He'd march in caftan w/flute.		Joyful soul
In Jacksonville at Jaguars game as a guest of mayor Alvin Brown who has the city working hard to find jobs for vets		Very impressive
At my place #nbcpolitics and friends are asking, "well??"		Dunno know		Early reads are inconclusive		Both can claim good vibes
Here we go		A night to remember in American  history		My 12th presidential election
RT @thecyclemsnbc: Live from democracy plaza @TomBrokaw will be joining the #cyclists at the table at 3pm be sure to tune in
@BlevinCNN @aaronrodgers12 @60minutes hv u deserted favre?
Whoever wins, the Federal govt will be a much different institution a year from now		How and where money is spent- what regs live and die
On @meetthepress the morning after lay snatched defeat from victory against 'bama		Was O-bama watching?		Romney 2 min drill?
with @corybooker on the streets of Newark, talkin' high tech governing - for #RockCenter #Sandy http://t.co/AS9h06x5
Enroute to Newark for Rock Center profile of Corey Booker		Mayors and Governors trump presidential candidates this week - the can do crowd
The Brokaw UFO rule in campaigns run amok		The impact of unforeseen events		The 1st debate - now Sandy
Geo McGovern's funeral today in SD		A man of the world from the prairie, humble and humane		Rest in peace, my friend
China 2nd largest economy in the world	And closing fast		New leadership coming to Beijing
About time - jobs for vets getting a shout out
As expected, foreign policy debate quickly settles on economy	and education		We need more on middle east - a war waiting to happen
G McGovern - a great man .	War hero, teacher, congressman, senator, presidential candidate, and	life long advocate for	peace		God bless
Tonight will obama be peyton manning and. make a ferocious comeback? Or A Rod and whiff again?		Romney continue as The Comeback Kid?
Tonight at 10 on Discovery's The Military channel - The Brokaw Files a sneak preview of Return to Normandy - 3 vets of D Day go back
Clinton and Springsteen in Ohio for Obama next week		The Big Dog and The Boss  tour
Next debate - town hall - means both candidates have to apply for the job face to face with those doing the hiring
At Boston College on stage today with Luke Russert		Talked politics. Tim would have been proud
In Chicago 4 Big Ideas conf		With Gens Powell &amp; McChrystal on jobs	4 vets		Not much in campaigns on this issue
Dawn of a new day for Romney and a cold morning for Obama		The president was like an nfl replacement ref - out of his league
With undecided voters on golden, colorado, an epicenter of the the battle for this swing state http://t.co/TMIMHmzK
Headed for Denver and the Rumble in the Rockies Wed night		Just like pre Super Bowl, lots analysis but debates always surprise
With @ColinPowell at #EdNation, recalling our anemic college grades http://t.co/AbFP58Uy
On MJoe to discuss Education Nation	Hope they don't ask about my grades in algebra II
Rainy, rainy night on Jersey 'pike. Bruce,	Where are the girls "in their summer clothes"?
My week for Catholic ed.  	St Josephs, Phila tonight. Minn St Johns last week for Sen McCarthy lecture. @csbjsu.
All is well	Early AM I mistakenly took a half dose of Ambien and made less sense than usual. Made a better comeback than 	Giants...
On @CharlieRose with Jon Meacham tonight, talkin' Obama, Romney, Jefferson and Churchill http://t.co/TndqJ0l2
On Jon Stewart @thedailyshow	Tonight at 11:00. Hope his bar is open. http://t.co/2vs1ni8e
Clint Eastwood became huge star as a man of few words		As a surprise guest on the Tampa stage he had too many words (I say as a friend)
Mormon families for Romney testimonials - very effective		David Brooks said it was campaign malpractice not hv heard them earlier this year
Can't wait to hear what's on Gov Romney I pod		Pat Boone is here		Maybe April Love
Paul Ryan - best defense against charges he will dismantle Medicare is a strong offense		Let the debate begin...		M
Ann Romney and Michelle Obama may be the two best campaigners in the race
With @GovChristie  in Tampa.	Looking forward to his JerseyGuy keynote. #nbcpolitics http://t.co/XoN6zBdi
Ran into speaker Gingrich in tampa and tried to enroll in his daily university but he checked my SATs #GOP2012 http://t.co/ByDO99zS
Ryan pick is the start of a new Romney campaign not an extension of the old		Ryan - part choir boy, part drill sergeant
Headed home after grand 3 weeks in London		Always nice to hv a place on NBC Olympics team
Tomorrow on Today my essay on US love affair with so much British		Tracy Ullman weighs with Katty Kay of BBC
At beach v ball women's finals		Malibu in the heart of London		USA can't lose
In athens for Michael's first gold	In London for last with his mom and sisters	Thrilling
Tonight on RockCenter the tale of a wealthy american olympic bob-sledder who died a hero to england in WW II. Inspirational
In London for games	Screened our opus on UK 1940-41to raves. Instructive for our times
God bless Sally Ride, an iconic scientist and astronaut, a singular woman of quiet genius
Don't forget our vets and their families this wknd
Dateline tonight - #dateline - check out aaron ralston, the climber who cut off his arm
RT @amyelynn: A @RockCenterNBC debut for @TomBrokaw tonight who talked to Brian Williams about the importance of #HiringOurHeroes
Great news travels far. Got word of Giants win in Ushuaia, Argentina
SC demonstrated why all the debates are the engines of this campaign
Countdown to the SC debate and I'll be watching with undecideds in a greenville sports bar
Al's hangin' with the stars in LA and I'm on a 600 am flight to SC for the primary. Waffle House, here I come
Willard is promising smuckers for everyone
In today studios for 60th
But where's the keg??
At #Todayat60 party - like a great college reunion.