RT @FrankTheDoorman: Donald Trump meets Kim Jong Un. One is an insane narcissistic dictator with a bizarre haircut. The other is Kim Jong U…
Donald Trump meets Kim Jong Un. One is an insane narcissistic dictator with a bizarre haircut. The other is Kim Jong Un.
Trump declares a national emergency, then says "I didn't need to do this," before playing golf at Mar-a-Lago and heading over to the omelet bar to wait for extra cheese.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Leaders who held rallies after taking office:	-Trump	-Hitler
As another government shutdown looms, Nancy Pelosi gets ready to hand Trump his head on a platter: Trump à l'orange
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Highlights of Donald Trump's first 2 years as president: 	-Most lies told 	-Most bribes accepted 	-Called white suprem…
Trump will be reading the State of the Union off a teleprompter, so expect the speech to be written at a 4th grade level.
Nancy Pelosi mopped the floor with Trump's hair.
Martin Luther King, Jr.: "I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their 280 characters."
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Rudy Giuliani: "Truth isn't truth"	Donald Trump: "What you're seeing and what you're reading is not what's happening"…
Trump should give his State of the Union address to his handlers at the Kremlin.
If Trump wants to keep drugs, terrorists and violent criminals from entering our country, he needs to build a wall tall enough to keep planes out.
Top Trump 2018 official statements:	-Raking leaves will prevent fires	-You need ID to buy cereal	-I'm sending the military to the southern border	-Mid-terms were a big win for Republicans	-I'm pulling troops out of Syria	-Mexico is paying for the wall	-My IQ is one of the highest
Highlights of Donald Trump's first 2 years as president: 	-Most lies told 	-Most bribes accepted 	-Called white supremacists "fine people" 	-Passed Tax Bill to personally enrich himself	-Denied climate change	-Only hires the "best people"	-Shut down government 3 times	#Winning
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Trump pulls out of Syria, believing our troops should be at the Mexican border instead of fighting ISIS.
The Republican alternative universe: 	Control of the House: Republicans 	Control of the Senate: Republicans 	Control of the White House: Republicans 	Responsible for the shutdown: Democrats
Trump pulls out of Syria, believing our troops should be at the Mexican border instead of fighting ISIS.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: The definition of insanity is investigating Hillary Clinton's emails over and over and expecting different results.
It's been 6 years since 20 first graders and 6 adults were shot dead at Sandy Hook. It's too soon to talk about gun control.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Donald Trump thinks an intelligence briefing is a meeting where they tell him how smart he is.
George H. W. Bush: "This is America... a brilliant diversity spread like stars, like a thousand points of light in a broad and peaceful sky."		Donald Trump: “We have people coming into the country... You wouldn't believe how bad they are, These aren't people. These are animals."
NBC: Michael Cohen pleads guilty to lying to Congress about Russia investigation		CNN: Michael Cohen pleads guilty to lying to Congress about Russia investigation		FOX News: Starbucks Holiday Cups Promote ‘Gay Agenda’
RT @FrankTheDoorman: 97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made and causes rising sea levels of oceans. The other 3% believe Fran…
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Donald Trump: "America first"	The KKK: "America first"
Ivanka Trump used personal email account for government emails. The House Irony Committee is investigating.
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made and causes rising sea levels of oceans. The other 3% believe Frank Ocean is an ocean.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Muslim shooter: terrorist  	Black shooter: thug  	White shooter: victim of inadequate mental health services
Exit poll: 87% of voters who support marijuana legalization can't find the exit.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Obama: "Get out the vote to save democracy."	Trump: "Get out the vote to save me."
Halloween is over and Donald Trump is still wearing that thing on his head.
Muslim shooter: terrorist  	Black shooter: thug  	White shooter: victim of inadequate mental health services
RT @FrankTheDoorman: I went to a Village Idiot convention and a Trump rally broke out.
Saudi journalist was accidentally cut into pieces with a bone saw.
Senators who voted to confirm Judge Kavanaugh are spineless, partisan hacks on the wrong side of history.		They have ensured a highly politicized Supreme Court that has lost its legitimacy.		Elections have consequences.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Senator: "Did you sexually assault her?"	Judge Kavanaugh: "I can't answer a hypothetical."
RT @FrankTheDoorman: 97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made. The other 3% believe Sarah Huckabee Sanders is a scientist.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Trump supporters don't denounce his rhetoric, but in their defense they don't know what rhetoric means.
Senator: "Did you sexually assault her?"	Judge Kavanaugh: "I can't answer a hypothetical."
FBI investigations called for by Trump:	-Hillary's emails	-Clinton Foundation alleged corruption	-Obama admin "surveillance" of Trump campaign	-Robert Mueller's "conflict of interest"	Trump on FBI investigating alleged sexual assault by Kavanaugh:	"This is not really their thing"
Obama: "Get out the vote to save democracy."	Trump: "Get out the vote to save me."
RT @FrankTheDoorman: The White House dismissed George Papadopoulos as just a 'coffee boy': "Would you like thousands of hacked emails and d…
Trump: "Our favorite President did nothing wrong!"		Was he talking about JFK or Obama?
Muslim shooter: terrorist 	Black shooter: thug 	White shooter: victim of inadequate mental health services
Sept. 5, 1949- In Camden, N.J., 28-year-old Howard Unruh, a veteran of World War II, shot and killed 13 people as he walked down 32nd St. using a German-crafted Luger pistol. He was found insane and committed to a state mental institution.		It's too soon to talk about gun control
Convicted:	-Paul Manafort	Pleaded guilty:	-Rick Gates	-Michael Flynn	-George Papadopolous	-Michael Cohen		Trump supporters at campaign rally:	"Lock her up"
Rudy Giuliani: "Truth isn't truth"	Donald Trump: "What you're seeing and what you're reading is not what's happening"	Robert Mueller, sitting in his nondescript office, looking over indisputable evidence of facts, was unavailable for comment.
Trump supporters don't denounce his rhetoric, but in their defense they don't know what rhetoric means.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: U.S. ranking in the world: 	#1  Obesity	#1  Gun ownership  	#1  Anxiety disorder 	#1  Illegal drug use 	#1  Rich peopl…
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Trump is being compared to Hitler. Hitler fans are outraged.
I went to a Village Idiot convention and a Trump rally broke out.
Donald Trump's record...  	-Previous elected offices held: 0   	-Lies per minute: 1  	-Divorces: 2   	-Draft deferments: 5   	-Bankruptcies: 6  	-Women harassed or assaulted: 19  	-Times played golf while president: 134  	-Bad hair days: 13,035
In their private meeting, Trump told Putin he'd say nice things about him if he didn't release the pee pee tape.
BREAKING NEWS-	CNN: 12 Russians indicted 	MSNBC: 12 Russians indicted 	ABC: 12 Russians indicted	CBS; 12 Russians indicted	BBC World News: 12 Russians indicted	FOX News: Paul Ryan’s SUV allegedly eaten by woodchucks
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Trump and Sessions assure us that MS-13 immigration is the greatest threat to safety. So they're locking up little chi…
Trump discusses world leaders -	Killer and former KGB spy Putin: "fine"	Evil bloodthirsty dictator Kim Jong Un: "honorable"	Distinguished Prime Minister Justin Trudeau: "dishonest and weak"
RT @FrankTheDoorman: It's been 19 years since the mass shooting at Columbine High School.		It's too soon to talk about gun control.
Donald Trump: "America first"	The KKK: "America first"
Trump is being compared to Hitler. Hitler fans are outraged.
Trump and Sessions assure us that MS-13 immigration is the greatest threat to safety. So they're locking up little children and babies in cages.
You can't pardon someone who is not guilty of a crime. 		Trump says he has "the absolute right" to pardon himself.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: House Republicans who nominated Donald Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize should look at the accomplishments of Adolf Hit…
U.S. ranking in the world: 	#1  Obesity	#1  Gun ownership  	#1  Anxiety disorder 	#1  Illegal drug use 	#1  Rich people	#53 Life expectancy
Giuliani says Mueller's team is trying to frame Trump. Giuliani needs to adjust the frequency of his tin foil hat.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Donald Trump to meet Kim Jong Un. One is an insane narcissistic dictator with a bizarre haircut. The other is Kim Jong…
Rosanne Barr blames Ambien for racist tweet. Other side effects of Ambien:	Spreading bizarre conspiracy theories	Stupidity	Anti-Semitism	Islamophobia	Homophobia	Making crude comments	Delusion	Paranoia	Obesity	Blaming others	Bad acting
This Memorial Day we salute President Trump, who had four draft deferments for being a student, and a fifth for bone spurs in his heels, which miraculously got better once the draft ended.
Senior White House official says Trump dictated letter to North Korea’s Kim Jong Un himself. That explains why it was written at a 4th grade level.
House Republicans who nominated Donald Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize should look at the accomplishments of Adolf Hitler, who was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 1939.
It's been 19 years since the mass shooting at Columbine High School.		It's too soon to talk about gun control.
Donald Trump's record... 	Previous elected offices held: 0  	Lies per minute: 1 	Divorces: 2  	Draft deferments: 5  	Bankruptcies: 6 	Women harassed or assaulted: 19 	Times played golf while president: 112 	Bad hair days: 12,963
Trump to withdraw from Iran deal, even though he has no idea what it is.
It's not a lie if Trump believes it's true. It's a delusion, a symptom of mental illness.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: The House Intelligence Committee is being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
The House Intelligence Committee is being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
It's been 19 years since 12 students and one teacher were shot dead at Columbine High School. It's too soon to talk about gun control.
Bombs dropped on Syria: 118	Syrian refugees allowed into U.S. this year: 11		"Mission Accomplished"
On #HolocaustRemembranceDay, Donald Trump remembers the good people on both sides.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: We can get rid of the Secret Service by giving Trump a gun. #NRA
Trump Tower caught fire:		No sprinklers	Fire alarms didn't go off	Phones didn't work	Elevators malfunctioned	A man died		Trump tweeted praise for firefighters who saved his "well built building".
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Americans in past year killed by...	Marijuana overdose: 0	Snake bite: 1	Ebola: 2	Shark attack: 3	ISIS: 4	Roller coaste…
Donald Trump declares April "National Sexual Assault Awareness and Irony Month."
The House Oversight Committee forgot what they were investigating.
Trump supporters mostly uneducated, new poll finds. Trump supporters say the poll is flawed because they couldn't understand the questions.
Vanessa Trump files for divorce from Donald Trump Jr. when she finds out he's related to the president.
Donald Trump to meet Kim Jong Un. One is an insane narcissistic dictator with a bizarre haircut. The other is Kim Jong Un.
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Kim Jong Un to meet with Donald Trump to discuss his political future
Donald Trump's record...	Previous elected offices held: 0 	Lies per minute: 1	Divorces: 2 	Draft deferments: 5 	Bankruptcies: 6	Women harassed or assaulted: 19	Times playing golf while president: 101	Bad hair days: 12,895
We can get rid of the Secret Service by giving Trump a gun. #NRA
RT @FrankTheDoorman: America leads the world in gun violence among civilized countries. It's time to take America off the list of civilized…
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Trump-	Haitians: Have AIDS	Nigerians: Live in huts	Puerto Ricans: Lazy foreigners	Blacks: Thugs	Mexicans: Rapists	Musl…
The only way to stop a bad guy with body armor and and an AK-15 is with a teacher with a handgun.
New study finds Fox News viewers less educated than viewers who watch real news.
Trump to host 'listening session' Wednesday to address gun violence with high school students, which is problematic because he communicates at an elementary school level.
A few of the 164 mass shootings since 1966...	University of Texas tower: 1966	Columbine High School: 1999	Virginia Tech: 2007	Sandy Hook Elementary School: 2012	Sutherland Springs church: 2017	Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School: today		It's too soon to talk about gun control
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made. The other 3% believe Kellyanne Conway is a scientist.
The House Intelligence Committee is being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
Trump tweets that the memo totally vindicates him in Russian inquiry. Trump's supporters are ecstatic, even thought they don't know what vindicates means. #NunesMemo
Trump: "America first"	The KKK: "America first"
If you missed any part of Trump's State of the Union address, reruns will air on the Syfy Channel. #SOTU
Trump will be reading the State of the Union off a teleprompter, so expect the speech to be written at a 4th grade level.
The Senate reaches deal to end government shutdown. They would have come to an agreement sooner, but they're not used to working. #TrumpShutdown
Highlights of Donald Trump's first year as president:	-Most lies told	-Most bribes accepted	-Most porn stars paid off	-Called white supremacists "fine people"	-Called entire continent "shithole"	-Passed Tax Bill to personally enrich himself	-Shut down government	#Winning
Congress continues to get paid during government shutdown, so expect them to work extra hard to keep it shut down.
The Republican alternative universe:	Control of the House: Republicans	Control of the Senate: Republicans	Control of the White House: Republicans	Responsible for the shutdown: Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY)
Trump-	Haitians: Have AIDS	Nigerians: Live in huts	Puerto Ricans: Lazy foreigners	Blacks: Thugs	Mexicans: Rapists	Muslims: Terrorists	Women: Grab them by the pussy	Dreamers: National security threat	African countries: Shitholes	White Supremacists: Very fine people		Trump: Racist
Corrupt, sexual predator, pathological liar, sleazy con man Donald Trump is calling Robert Mueller corrupt.
The White House dismissed George Papadopoulos as just a 'coffee boy': "Would you like thousands of hacked emails and dirt on Hillary Clinton with your coffee?"
Donald Trump is taking a "working vacation" for Christmas, which means he'll be playing golf, watching Fox News and tweeting.
An example of trickle down economics is when Trump pisses in his golden toilet. #TaxCutsandJobsAct
It's been 5 years since 20 first graders were shot dead at Sandy Hook. It's too soon to talk about gun control.
Exit polls in Alabama show that voters can't find the exits. #AlabamaSenateElection
Leaders who held rallies after taking office:	-Trump	-Hitler
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Kushner is either an idiot who didn't know conversations with Russians are monitored, or he's an idiot who knew and st…
Trump announces that the US embassy will move to Jerusalem. He also announces that the White House will move to Mar-a-Lago.
Trump has a team of high-priced lawyers, but he still doesn't understand he has the right to remain silent, and anything he tweets can be used against him.
Donald Trump having access to nuclear weapons worries me more than Kim Jong Un having access to nuclear weapons.
Trump endorses Roy Moore. Trump has more compassion for elephants than he does for women who were sexually assaulted when they were children.
Trump condemns Al Franken, stays silent on Roy Moore. The House Hypocrisy Committee is investigating.
Donald Trump's record... 	Previous elected offices held: 0 	Divorces: 2 	Draft deferments: 5 	Bankruptcies: 6 	Bad hair days: 12,786
1966 University of Texas tower shooting: too soon to talk gun control		2017 Sutherland Springs Texas shooting: too soon to talk gun control
RT @FrankTheDoorman: Muslim shooter: terrorist	Black shooter: thug	White shooter: victim of inadequate mental health services
Halloween is over and Donald Trump is still wearing that thing on his head.
Paul Manafort and associate arrested. Crooked Hillary still at large.
Trump:	"I'm a nice person"	"I'm very intelligent"	"I know words"	"Grab em by the pussy"	"Despite the constant negative press covfefe"
New poll shows 89% of Republican voters are white. The other 11% are undecided.
Donald Trump condemns sexual predator Harvey Weinstein. The House Irony Committee is investigating.
Trump supporters don't denounce his rhetoric, but in their defense they don't know what rhetoric means.
The House Oversight Committee forgot what they were investigating.
America leads the world in gun violence among civilized countries. It's time to take America off the list of civilized countries.
Trump denies aid after Puerto Rico is ravaged by Hurricane Maria: "Puerto Rico is one of our greatest allies, but as I said, America first."
As Trump pushes health care bill, he urges that all caskets be made in America.
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made. The other 3% believe Sarah Huckabee Sanders is a scientist.
The House Intelligence Committee is being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
The young people in DACA did nothing illegal. Their parents brought them here. They had no choice. Melania Trump was an illegal immigrant.
Sources close to the president say Trump sent out Jeff Sessions to deliver his message rescinding DACA because he was having a bad hair day.
Racist con man Trump suddenly becomes shy. Sends racist Jeff Sessions, who keeps lying under oath, to restore law &amp; order by rescinding DACA
Trump went to a hurricane disaster area and a campaign rally broke out.
The biggest hurricane in years and Trump signs military transgender ban, pardons racist sheriff and picks up his hair from the dry cleaners.
Leaders who held rallies after taking office: 	-Trump 	-Hitler
Trump identifies with the Confederate monuments because they commemorate racists who committed treason, just like Trump.
Donald Trump does not disavow the American Nazi Party, which is like the Republican Party, only more moderate.
Tensions rise between Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un. One is an insane narcissistic dictator with a bizarre haircut. The other is Kim Jong Un.
Donald Trump thinks an intelligence briefing is a meeting where they tell him how smart he is.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders says Trump was joking when he told cops to rough up suspects. Freddie Gray isn't laughing.
"After consulting with my generals, Transgender people banned from military." By 'generals', Trump means General Bannon and General Kushner.
Trump giving a speech to the Boy Scouts is reminiscent of Hitler giving a speech to the Nazi Youth.
List of Trump's accomplishments after 6 months in office:	1.
Trump's 2020 re-election campaign is spending $200,000 on merchandise, including hats. The money would be better spent buying Trump new hair
Donald Trump Jr. tells outrageous lies and makes up incomprehensible excuses. Like father, like son. #TrumpRussiaJr
Donald Trump's record...	Previous elected offices held: 0	Divorces: 2	Draft deferments: 5	Bankruptcies: 6	Bad hair days: 12,659
Shia LaBeouf arrested for having too many vowels.
Critics say Trump's tweets are beneath the dignity of the presidency. They're also beneath the dignity of a delusional orange man-baby.
Senate Republicans postpone health care vote until they can figure out how to kill more people.
The GOP health care plan will save money. Funerals are cheaper than medical treatment.
White House short list to replace Sean Spicer:	1. Sarah Huckabee Sanders	2. Laura Ingraham 	3. Frederick Douglass
America leads the world in gun violence among civilized countries. It's time to take America off the list of civilized countries.
John McCain, who made no sense during Senate Intelligence Committee hearing, is being investigated by the Senate Oxymoron Committee.
Who are you going to believe? Comey, a faithful public servant who took scrupulous memos; or Trump, an unhinged narcissistic buffoon.
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made and causes rising sea levels of oceans. The other 3% believe Frank Ocean is an ocean.
The House Oversight Committee forgot what they were investigating.
Kushner is either an idiot who didn't know conversations with Russians are monitored, or he's an idiot who knew and still committed treason.
Republican Ben Carson, a brain surgeon, says poverty is a "state of mind." He's proof that being Republican makes brain surgeons idiots.
Trump's short list for FBI director:	1. Joe Lieberman	2. Andrew McCabe	3. Frederick Douglass
Trump leaked classified info to Russians. "As president, I'm allowed to do this, just like I'm allowed to give nuclear codes to Gary Busey."
The White House gave several explanations as to why Comey was fired, all of them absurd. Further evidence Trump is hiding something. Sad!
Donald Trump thinks an intelligence briefing is a meeting where they tell him how smart he is.
GOP replacement for Obamacare: The morgue.
97% of scientists believe in climate change. The other 3% believe Ann Coulter is a scientist.
List of Trump’s accomplishments in 1st 100 days:		1.
Trump brags about giving CBS show Face the Nation the best ratings since 9/11. Trump is the worst thing to happen to America since 9/11.
Americans in past year died from...	Cigarettes: 480,000	Alcohol: 86,000	Prescription drugs: 47,500	Aspirin: 195	Laughing gas: 3	Marijuana: 0
Tensions rise between Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un. One is an insane narcissistic dictator with a bizarre haircut. The other is Kim Jong Un.
Trump bombed Syria to distract from that thing on his head.
Trump: "I've changed my view of Syria. I'll bomb the hell out of an empty airfield but won't let women and children refugees into America."
In breaking news, Barry Manilow announces he's still gay.
Trump: "I will destroy ISIS but I'm afraid Chuck Todd will say mean things about me."
Donald Trump declares April "National Sexual Assault Awareness and Irony Month."
The House Intelligence Committee is being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
It's not a lie if Trump believes it's true. It's a delusion, a symptom of mental illness.
Paul Ryan: "I'm here to improve people's lives, which is why I'm disappointed I couldn't take away health care from millions of Americans."
As he pushes his health care bill, Trump urges that all caskets be made in America.
Trump thinks an intelligence briefing is a meeting where they tell him how smart he is.
To pay for his wall, Trump will defund agencies like the TSA: Less illegal immigrants and more terrorists flying planes into tall buildings.
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made and causes rising  sea levels of oceans. The other 3% believe Frank Ocean is an ocean.
Republicans roll out money-saving replacement for Obamacare: the morgue.
Donald Trump will have to deal with Kim Jong Un. One is an insane  narcissistic dictator with a bizarre haircut. The other is Kim Jong Un.
Trump has proof Obama tapped his phones. A surveillance camera at Trump Towers shows a black man carrying a Radio Shack telephone recorder.
Jeff Sessions lied under oath about his Russian contacts in order to divert attention from the fact that he's a racist scumbag.
The bar has been set so low, pundits are praising a pathological liar for reading words off a teleprompter. #TrumpSpeech
Trump supporters don't denounce his rhetoric, but in their defense they don't know what rhetoric means.
Held rallies after being elected:	Trump	Hitler
Trump takes tough questions from press: "I want to know what you knew, when you knew it, and what's that thing on your head."
Vladimir Putin has no comment on the firing of Michael Flynn. Putin will release a statement after he hunts him down and kills him.
97% of scientists believe in climate change. The other 3% think Kellyanne Conway is a scientist.
Final Obama jobs report shows solid gains in January. Trump accuses Obama of inflating the numbers by hiring 227,000 White House gardeners.
Trump supporters like that he's not PC. If not being PC means racial profiling, lying, being misogynistic and building walls, call me PC.
It's not a lie if Trump believes it to be true. It's a delusion, a symptom of mental illness.
Trump supporters are boycotting Starbucks. Now I don't have to drink coffee next to racist, misogynistic, homophobic, paranoid buffoons.
Trump explains why large number of immigrants are still stranded at airports: "It takes time to waterboard everybody."
Bannon was promoted to national security role, much like Goebbels was promoted to the Reich Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda.
Things that don't work:	-Trump's comb-over	-Border wall	-Torture	Things that work:	-Marijuana	-Mouse traps	-Obamacare
Trump alleges massive voter fraud involving millions of illegals and dead people, despite the fact that dead people tend to vote Republican.
Pro-life Republicans are more interested in the rights of the unborn than the life-saving healthcare of the living. #Obamacare
If you missed any part of the presidential inauguration, reruns will air on the Syfy Channel. Check your local listings.
Trump thinks an intelligence briefing is a meeting where they tell him how smart he is.
Trump is so prolific at tweeting because his fingers are so tiny.
MLK 2017: "I have a dream that one day my children will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their 140 characters"
Trump says he will repeal Obamacare and replace it with the Affordable Care Act.
Trump criticizes media for fake news. We need to focus on what's important, like Obama being a Muslim born in Kenya.
Trump: "I will destroy ISIS but I'm afraid Meryl Streep will say mean things about me."
Donald Trump will have to deal with Kim Jong Un. One is an insane narcissistic dictator with a bizarre haircut. The other is Kim Jong Un.
Donald Trump lost the popular vote by almost 3 million, or as he calls it, a mandate.
Putin is blackmailing Trump into saying nice things about him by threatening to release hacked photos of Trump's tiny penis.
Republican alternative to Obamacare: the morgue.
New study finds Fox News viewers less informed than viewers who watch real news.
If he wants his presidency to be legitimate, Donald Trump needs to produce a long-form birth certificate for that thing on his head.
Donald Trump named climate change denier Scott Pruitt to head the EPA, which is like naming Sarah Palin Poet Laureate.
Trump whines after Time Magazine calls him divisive 'Person of The Year'. Even Hitler had more class in 1938.
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made and causes rising sea levels of oceans. The other 3% believe Frank Ocean is an ocean.
Trump claims "serious voter fraud" involving millions of illegals and dead people, despite the fact that dead people tend to vote Republican
Donald Trump nominates Ben Carson for Secretary of Irony.
Trump filling cabinet with like-minded individuals: racists, bigots, , homophobes, misogynists, climate change deniers, idiots and buffoons.
Trump's cabinet picks are being celebrated by the American Neo-Nazi Party, which is like the Republican Party, only more moderate.
Sarah Palin wants to be Secretary of the Interior, even though she has no idea what it is.
People are comparing Trump to Hitler. Hitler fans are outraged.
The Founding Fathers didn't envision modern warfare or the concept of the president having the power to launch nuclear weapons. #Trump #WW3
Trump wins! It's a great day for racists, bigots, xenophobes, homophobes, misogynists, idiots and buffoons. #Election2016
Exit poll: 87% of voters who support marijuana legalization can't find the exit.
The words coming out of Trump's mouth are more of a national security threat than any of Hillary's emails.
Comey reopens Hillary's 33,000 missing email case. Wait until he hears about the 22 million emails 'lost' by George W. Bush administration.
The definition of insanity is investigating Hillary Clinton's emails over and over and expecting different results.
Obama takes time off to campaign for Hillary, angering Republicans. Congress will release a statement when they return from 6 week vacation.
Trump supporters don't denounce his rhetoric, but in their defense they don't know what rhetoric means.
Donald Trump accuses debate moderator Chris Wallace of moderating. #debate
The system is rigged. Donald Trump vows to get to the bottom of the 2 cases of voter fraud committed each year.
Those accusers are too ugly to sexually assault, said the orange-faced, small-handed pervert with the squirrel-looking thing on his head.
5,000 people paid Donald Trump up to $35,000 each to attend "Trump  University", meaning there are 5,000 people dumber than Trump.
Hillary Clinton is favored to win the town hall presidential debate because it plays to Donald Trump's weakness: talking. #debate
BREAKING NEWS: Trump stands in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoots somebody.
Republicans criticize Tim Kaine for interrupting Mike Pence 72 times in the #VPdebate. Wait until they hear about Pence lying 86 times.
Obama plays golf, angering Republicans. Congress plans to release a statement when they return from vacation in 6 weeks.
If Donald Trump wants to be president, he still has to produce a long-form birth certificate for that thing on his head.
Trump supporters say Hillary lost the debate, even though they couldn't understand what she was saying. #debatenight
Trump falsely claimed Lester Holt is a Democrat, saying he can't be a fair debate moderator. "Wait until he finds out I'm black," said Holt.
Donald Trump's record...   	Elected offices held: 0   	Divorces: 2   	Bankruptcies: 4   	Draft deferments: 5   	Bad hair days: 12,375
Trump: "I will destroy ISIS but I'm afraid debate moderator Anderson Cooper will say mean things and ask me tough questions."
Hillary has pneumonia and she's taking antibiotics. Trump is racist, misogynistic, xenophobic and homophobic and he's taking Viagra.
"Hillary Clinton doesn't look presidential," said Donald Trump, with a smirk on his orange face and that squirrel-looking thing on his head.
Trump meeting with Mexican president Peña Nieto in Mexico City is like Hitler meeting with FDR in Williamsburg.
"I'm not a racist" - a racist
Trump supporters mostly uneducated, new poll finds. Trump supporters say the poll is flawed because they couldn't understand the questions.
Trump says blacks should vote for him because they've got "nothing to lose," the kind of detailed policy plan blacks expect in a president.
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made and causes rising sea levels of oceans. The other 3% believe Frank Ocean is an ocean.
New study finds Fox News viewers less informed than viewers who watch real news.
In order to appear more presidential, Donald Trump says stupid things in a toned down demeanor.
Researchers found that Donald Trump talks at a 4th grade level, which  is an insult to 4th graders.
President Obama founded ISIS, according to a new study by experts at Trump University.
Donald Trump got the endorsement of the American Neo-Nazi Party, which is like the Republican Party, only more moderate.
Republicans are against Democrats' plan to make college affordable, because uneducated stupid people are more likely to vote Republican.
Trump supporters don't denounce his rhetoric, but in their defense they don't know what rhetoric means.
Trump is not guilty of treason for calling for Russia to find Hillary's emails. He's innocent by reason of insanity. #TrumpIsBatShitCrazy
Exceptions to free speech: Yell fire in crowded theater. Call for assassination of the president. Call for Russia to find Hillary's emails.
The words coming out of Trump's mouth are more of a national security threat than any of Hillary's emails.
Trump supporters trolling DNC, even though they don't know how to spell DNC.
GOP is mad Obama taking time off to campaign for Hillary. Congress plans to release a statement when they return from vacation in September.
Ted Cruz told Republicans to vote their conscience, something Cruz doesn't have.
Melania Trump denies plagiarism, saying the camera didn't pick up her air quotes.
Tonight's GOP Convention theme is "Make America Safe Again," featuring national security expert Scott Baio. #RNCinCLE
Mike Pence is so homophobic he only has sex with men in airport men's room stalls.
Dedicated police officers risk their lives every day doing a dangerous job. Law-abiding black men risk their lives every day driving a car.
White men shooting up schools and churches are called "loners" and "drifters." Unarmed black men shot by police are called "thugs."
Donald Trump's record...  	Elected offices held: 0  	Divorces: 2  	Bankruptcies: 4  	Draft deferments: 5  	Bad hair days: 12,294
Republicans have held 8 investigations into the deaths of 4 Americans at Benghazi. Wait until they hear about the 2,977 deaths on 9/11.
Researchers found that Donald Trump talks at a 4th grade level, which  explains why his supporters don't understand what he's saying.
Clarence Thomas considered retiring from Supreme Court to rest and do nothing. He changed his mind when he realized he's already doing that.
Muslim shooter: terrorist	Black shooter: thug	White shooter: victim of inadequate mental health services
Trump is being compared to Hitler on social media. Hitler fans are outraged.
Obama played golf over the weekend, angering Republicans. Congress plans to release a statement when they return from vacation in two weeks.
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made and causes rising sea levels of oceans. The other 3% believe Frank Ocean is an ocean.
Trump says former POW John McCain is not a war hero: "I like people who weren't captured." On #MemorialDay: "I like people who aren't dead."
Trump proposes a wall to protect his Ireland golf resort threatened by rising sea levels. He denies climate change, so it must be Mexicans.
Hillary Clinton isn't planning to take your guns. If you're not mentally ill and pass a background check, feel free to blow your brains out.
Republicans are against Democrats' plan to make college affordable, because uneducated stupid people are more likely to vote Republican.
John Miller: "I have inspected Mr. Trump's penis. It's tremendous. Believe me, it's huge...perhaps the biggest in the history of the world."
Trump supporters don't repudiate his rhetoric, but in their defense they don't know what repudiate means.
Bob Dole endorses Donald Trump, starting rumors that Dole is still alive.
Obama commutes sentences for 58 drug offenders. The other 337,000 jailed drug offenders will receive commemorative Obama bobblehead dolls.
Trump supporters mostly uneducated, new poll finds. Trump supporters say the poll is flawed because they couldn't understand the questions.
Ted Cruz picks Carly Fiorina to run as his VP. Fiorina, who claims to be a smart businesswoman, hasn't figured out that Cruz already lost.
America leads the world in gun violence among civilized countries. It's time to take America off the list of civilized countries.
Cruz on NC bathroom law:"Men shouldn't be going to the bathroom with little girls." Cruz shouldn't be going to the bathroom with little boys
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'.
97% of scientists believe in climate change. The other 3% think Sarah Palin is a scientist.
Trump supporter's biggest fears:	Black people	Mexicans	Muslims	Becoming a minority	Voter fraud	Exposed as racist	Allegations of small penis
New study finds Fox News viewers less informed than viewers who watch real news.
Donald Trump's record... 	Elected offices held: 0 	Divorces: 2 	Bankruptcies: 4 	Draft deferments: 5 	Bad hair days: 12,209
Trump supporters condone violence, but in their defense they don't know what condone means.
New law requires me to register my new miniature drone. No registration required for my AK-47, AR-15, UZI and various handguns.
Trump supporters say they like him because he says what's on his mind, but evidence suggests he doesn't have one.
Fox News was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released.
Obama went to a baseball game in Cuba, angering Republicans. Congress will release a statement when they return from vacation in 3 weeks.
New poll shows 89% of Republican voters are white. The other 11% are undecided.
Researchers found that Donald Trump talks at a 4th grade level, which explains why his supporters don't understand what he's saying.
The NSA is monitoring MySpace to find out who's irrelevant.
Trump supporter's don't denounce his rhetoric, but in their defense they don't know what rhetoric means.
I'm sensing marital problems, because under Donald Trump's immigration plan his wife would be deported.
Donald Trump says he believes “Islam hates us.” He's too stupid to know the difference between Muslim extremists and the religion itself.
4-year-old Florida boy shot his pro-gun mother in the back but she survived. The NRA released a statement: "He just needs more instruction."
Louis C.K. compares Donald Trump to Adolf Hitler. Hitler fans are outraged.
Trump: "I will destroy ISIS but I'm afraid Megyn Kelly will say mean things and ask me tough questions." #FOXdebate #GOPdebate
Donald Trump got the endorsement of the American Neo-Nazi Party, which is like the Republican Party, only more moderate.
"It's an honor just being nominated": Ben Carson #Oscars
The GOP establishment is supporting Rubio. The comedy establishment is supporting Trump.
Tonight's #GOPdebate lineup: Racist blowhard, religious hypocrite sleaze, sweaty robotic loser, delusional Ohio Governor, idiot neurosurgeon
Bob Dole endorses Marco Rubio, starting rumors that Dole is still alive.
Trump slams Pope for questioning his faith: "Who you gonna believe? Me, or a guy in a dress. He's a total loser and his hat's a disgrace:"
Obama has no right to nominate SCOTUS judge, say Republicans. They say people should decide. Republicans don't know Obama was elected twice.
The Republican candidates are celebrating 'Guys Who Will Never Be Presidents Day' #GOP #PresidentsDay
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made and causes rising sea levels of oceans. The other 3% believe Frank Ocean is an ocean.
Carly Fiorina and Chris Christie suspend their campaigns. Ben Carson suspends disbelief.
GOP candidates believe waterboarding is acceptable but being gay is not. Gay terrorists are horrified.
In honor of tonight's GOP debate in New Hampshire, the state has changed it's motto to "Live Free or Die Laughing." #GOPDebate #NHDebate
We need to keep the mentally ill from getting guns or appearing on Fox News.
Republicans vow to "take America back." The KKK wants its slogan back.
Ben Carson is still onstage at the #GOPdebate because no one woke him up.
Trump: "I will destroy ISIS but I'm skipping the Fox debate because I'm afraid Megyn Kelly will say mean things and ask me tough questions."
Donald Trump's record...	Elections won: 0	Divorces: 2	Bankruptcies: 4	Draft deferments: 5	Bad hair days: 12,134
Sarah Palin wants to be Secretary of Energy, even though she has no idea what it is.
Sarah Palin endorses Donald Trump for half a term.
Trump is being compared to Hitler on social media. Hitler fans are outraged.
MLK 2016: "I have a dream that one day my children will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their 140 characters"
Republicans are against Obama's plan to make college more affordable, because uneducated stupid people are more likely to vote Republican.
The winner of the Fox Business Network debate is anyone who couldn't find Fox Business Network on their TV channel listings. #GOPdebate
Tonight's #GOPdebate will be shown on Fox Business Network, which is like Fox News, except they make stuff up about business.
Republicans continue to criticize Obama's #SOTU speech, even though they didn't understand it because Obama talked above a 4th grade level.
I don't understand why Obama delivers his #SOTU speech to Congress. I would prefer if he delivered it to people who understand politics.
If Donald Trump wants to be president, he still has to produce a long-form birth certificate for that thing on his head.
Obama's not coming to take away your guns. If you're not mentally ill and you pass a background check, feel free to blow your brains out.
Republican candidates are against background checks for gun purchases because they are all mentally ill.
Gun sales stimulate the economy and create jobs: CSIs, ballistics experts, ATF agents, homicide detectives, medical examiners, morticians...
Critics call Donald Trump a delusional narcissistic buffoon. Delusional narcissistic buffoons are outraged at being compared to Trump.
So far this year 68 Americans have been killed by guns. Happy New Year!
History's Worst Inventions: 	1. Nuclear Weapons	2. Selfie Sticks 	3. Hydrogen Blimps 	4. Auto-Tune	5. Donald Trump's Hair
New law requires me to register miniature drone I got for Christmas. No registration required for my AK-47, AR-15, UZI and various handguns.
I'm sensing marital problems, because under Donald Trump's immigration plan his wife would be deported.
Distancing himself from Putin, Trump says he'd "never kill" journalists, but doesn't rule out imprisonment, deportation or waterboarding.
New poll shows 89% of Republican voters are white. The other 11% are undecided.
You're not born Republican. Your racist homophobic parents raised you that way.
The GOP debates have been picked up for next season by the Syfy Channel.
The winner of the #GOPDebate is anyone who didn't watch.
CNN cuts to commercial after Ben Carson falls asleep. #GOPdebate
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'.
Donald Trump got the endorsement of the American Neo-Nazi Party, which is like the Republican Party, only more moderate.
Trump supporters mostly uneducated, new poll finds. Trump supporters say the poll is flawed because they couldn't understand the questions.
Black shooter: thug	Muslim shooter: terrorist	White shooter: victim of inadequate mental health services
America leads the world in gun violence among civilized countries. It's time to take America off the list of civilized countries.
'Pro-life gunman' shoots up #PlannedParenthood. He's being charged with first degree murder and conspiracy to commit irony.
Trump supporters like him because he speaks what's on his mind: racist, misogynistic, homophobic, inflammatory, paranoid horseshit.
Ben Carson to visit Syrian refugees in Jordan, if he can figure out where Jordan is.
Fox News was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released.
Americans in past year killed by...	Terrorists: 11	Gun-toting toddlers: 21	Car accidents involving deer: 138
Trump is being compared to Hitler on social media. Hitler fans are outraged.
The only way to stop a bad guy with an AK-47 Kalashnikov, a bomb, a grenade and a suicide vest is a good guy with a Trump bumper sticker.
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made and causes rising sea levels of oceans. The other 3% believe Frank Ocean is an ocean.
The winner of the #DemDebate is Martin O'Malley, whose poll numbers shot up to 0.5%.
Donald Trump's record... 	Elections won: 0 	Divorces: 2 	Bankruptcies: 4 	Draft deferments: 5 	Bad hair days: 11,062
Bob Dole endorses Jeb Bush, starting rumors that Dole is still alive.
If you missed any part of tonight's GOP debate, reruns will air on the Syfy Channel. Check your local listings. #GOPdebate
Tonight's GOP debate will be shown on Fox Business Network, which is like Fox News, except they make stuff up about business.
Republican candidates vow to "take America back." The KKK wants its slogan back.
Ben Carson admits to a reporter he lied about being offered a scholarship to West Point, then hits the reporter over the head with a hammer.
Republicans criticize Rachel Maddow for asking questions. #DemocraticForum
New study shows Fox News viewers have lower IQ than average. Study unclear whether they were born that way, or watching Fox News caused it.
Several prominent GOP politicians have been outed as members of the KKK. The KKK is outraged at being associated with GOP politicians. #KKK
Halloween is over and Donald Trump is still wearing that thing on his head.
This Halloween I wanted to go as Republican presidential candidate George Pataki, but I have no idea what he looks like.
The winner of the CNBC debate is anyone who couldn't find CNBC on their TV channel listings. #GOPdebate
Supporters of Donald Trump say he is "winning" the election. Trump supporters are too stupid to know that the election hasn't happened yet.
Blamed for Benghazi: 	Hillary Clinton 	President Obama 	CIA 	Anti-Muslim video 		Not blamed for Benghazi: 	Terrorists who attacked embassy
The KKK renounces Donald Trump, saying he gives bigots and sociopaths a bad name.
Republicans are on their 8th investigation into the deaths of 4 Americans at Benghazi. Wait until they hear about the 2,977 deaths on 9/11.
GOP candidate with the highest level of education is Dr. Ben Carson, who thinks evolution is satanic and climate change is science fiction.
To prove they're not racist, police in Michigan shot an unarmed white boy.
Donald Trump stands for everything the GOP represents: 	Fear of Mexicans 	Fear of blacks 	Fear of gays 	Fear of God 	Fear of Donald Trump
2-year-old South Carolina boy shot his grandmother in the back but she survived. NRA released a statement: "He just needs more instruction."
How Republicans view shootings...	Black shooter: blame the race	Muslim shooter: blame the religion	White shooter: blame Obama
Obama just signed bill making it illegal to name mass shooting suspects, who will now be called black thug, muslim terrorist or white loner.
El Chapo put a $100 million bounty on Donald Trump's head... and that's just for his hair.
Republican Ben Carson, a brain surgeon, says gays caused the fall of Rome. He's proof that being Republican makes brain surgeons idiots.
2 cases of voter fraud each year. 32,000 killed by guns each year. Republicans want to suppress voting rights and increase access to guns.
Guns don't kill people. People kill people. The solution: ban people.
The NRA blames the media and video games for gun violence. If you see Rachel Maddow carrying a video game, report her immediately.
U.S. ranking in the world: 	#1 Gun ownership 	#1 Obesity	#1 Anxiety disorder 	#1 Illegal drug use 	#1 Rich people 	#51 Life expectancy
America leads the world in gun violence among civilized countries. It's time to take America off the list of civilized countries.
Cost to taxpayers...	Benghazi hearings: $17 million 	Search for Obama's birth certificate: $1.2 billion
America's ranking in the world: 	#1  Prisoners 	#1  Gun ownership 	#1  Killings by police 	#1  Military spending 	#94 Safest countries
Boehner resigns amid investigation into pronunciation of his name.
Trump disagrees with Pope on climate change. "Who you gonna believe? Me, or a guy in a dress. He's a total loser and his hat's a disgrace:"
Brian Williams back on TV at MSNBC for Pope Francis coverage. "I have a unique perspective, having served as pope prior to working at NBC."
It's a travesty Fox News didn't get a nomination for Outstanding Comedy Series. #Emmys
New poll shows 89% of Republican voters are white. The other 11% are undecided.
Jeb Bush: "My brother kept us safe." Wait until someone tells him about 9/11.
The winner of the #GOPDebate is God, who told all these right wing nutjobs to run for president. God is a big fan of late-night comedy.
Republicans are made up of old white racist homophobic people who support an insensitive loudmouth douchebag with a weird thing on his head.
Fox News reports that marijuana use may damage your brain, but if you're watching Fox News, your brain is already damaged.
Dick Cheney called Benghazi the "worst disaster" of his lifetime, followed by Hillary's emails, Obamacare and Pearl Harbor.
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'.
Donald Trump's record... 	Elections won: 0 	Divorces: 2 	Bankruptcies: 4 	Draft deferments: 5 	Bad hair days: 10,994
Man who donated heart to Dick Cheney wants it back.
If Donald Trump wants to be president, he still has to produce a long-form birth certificate for that thing on his head.
Avril Lavigne divorcing Chad Kroeger after she finds out he's in the band Nickelback.
Donald Trump pledges to "take America back." The KKK wants its slogan back.
Trump is being compared to Hitler on social media. Hitler fans are outraged.
I'm sensing marital problems, because under Donald Trump's immigration plan his wife would be deported.
Americans in past year died from...	Marijuana: 0	Laughing gas: 3	Bath Salts: 28	Cough syrup: 55	Glue fumes: 120	Cigarettes: 480,000
For gun purchases, Congress doesn't want to require background checks for mental illness, because the majority of Congress is mentally ill.
Marco Rubio benefited from birthright citizenship. Now he's open to restricting it. As president, he promises to deport himself.
A new telephone poll finds 53% of Americans support legalizing marijuana. 42% are opposed. The other 5% can't find their phones.
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made and causes rising sea levels of oceans. The other 3% believe Frank Ocean is an ocean.
Sarah Palin announces she's running for president in 2018.
Things not to do while black in America:	walk	run	swim	drive	stand	shop	eat skittles	wear hoodie	ride subway	take pictures of the police
Republicans say they're not racist. They just don't think a Negro should be president.
4-year-old Ohio boy shot 3-year-old sister, but she wasn't seriously wounded. NRA released a statement: "He just needs more instruction."
American exceptionalism...	Nuclear warheads: 7,100	Gun deaths per year: 32,000	Prisoners: 2.4 million	'Sharknado 3' viewers: 2.8 million
Obama played golf over the weekend, angering Republicans. Congress plans to release a statement when they return from vacation in September.
In an interview with New Yorker Magazine, Darren Wilson said "race was not an issue" in Ferguson shooting. Michael Brown had no comment.
America leads the world in gun violence among civilized countries. It's time to take America off the list of civilized countries.
James Holmes, convicted of theater massacre: room and board for life. Walter Scott, broken brake light, shot in the back by police: dead.
The winner of the #GOPDebate is anyone who didn't watch.
Tonight's Fox News #GOPDebate is being moderated by Megyn Kelly, Beavis and Butthead.
New poll shows 89% of Republican voters are white. The other 11% are undecided.
New poll shows Congress has an approval rating of 11%, meaning 11% of Americans have no idea what Congress is.
U.S. ranking in the world:	#1  Obesity	#1  Gun ownership 	#1  Anxiety disorder	#1  Illegal drug use 	#1  Rich people	#51 Life expectancy
Democrats are calling GOP candidates a bunch of clowns in a 'clown car'. Clowns have expressed outrage at being compared to GOP candidates.
New poll shows 86% of Republicans are running for president.
The Syfy Channel hires Sarah Palin as foreign affairs correspondent.
Cecil the Lion was wearing a hoodie and looked suspicious.
Republicans like Donald Trump because he speaks what's on his mind: racist, misogynistic, homophobic, inflammatory, paranoid nonsense.
Republicans want to impeach Obama, but they feel they have a better chance if they wait until after the 2016 elections.
Blamed for Benghazi:	Hillary Clinton	President Obama	CIA 	Anti-Muslim video		Not blamed for Benghazi:	Terrorists who attacked embassy
White men shooting up theaters and churches are called "loners" and "drifters." Unarmed black men shot by police are called "thugs."
You're not born Republican. Your racist homophobic parents raised you that way.
Donald Trumps record...	Elections won: 0	Divorces: 2	Bankruptcies: 4	Draft deferments: 5	Bad hair days: 10,950
Dylann Roof will be indicted on federal hate crime charges. In related news, Donald Trump will be indicted on federal hair crime charges.
Gun deaths in the past year...	Japan: 72	Los Angeles: 680
Fox News was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released.
Critics call Donald Trump a delusional narcissistic buffoon. Delusional narcissistic buffoons are outraged at being compared to Trump.
They killed the Chatanooga killer with the scary Muslim name, but took Charleston church killer, misguided loner Dylann Roof, for burgers.
Americans in past year died from...	Cigarettes: 480,000	Alcohol: 88,000	Prescription drugs: 36,500	Aspirin: 175	Laughing gas: 3	Marijuana: 0
Republican alternative to Iran deal: They'll tell you in 10 years.
Reality show: The hunt for 'El Chapo', the most dangerous cartel leader in the world, ending with the lucky winner of the $3.8M reward.
Obama commutes sentences for 46 drug offenders. The other 337,000 jailed drug offenders will receive commemorative Obama bobblehead dolls.
America's ranking in the world:	#1  Prisoners	#1  Gun ownership	#1  Killings by police	#1  Military spending	#94 Safest  countries
Animal rights group PETA reprimands Donald Trump for mistreatment of that thing on his head.
Donald Trump stands for everything the GOP represents:	Fear of Mexicans	Fear of blacks	Fear of gays	Fear of God	Fear of Donald Trump
New poll shows 78% of Republicans are running for president.
Americans killed in the last year by...	Cigarette smoking: 443,000	Prescription drugs: 106,000	Alcohol abuse: 88,000	Marijuana overdose: 0
Many businesses are cutting ties with Donald Trump over his racists comments, but his white sheets and hoods are breaking sales records.
The KKK renounces Donald Trump, saying he gives bigots and sociopaths a bad name.
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'.
Republicans want to "take America back." The KKK wants its slogan back.
Ted Cruz on SCOTUS gay marriage and Obamacare rulings: “the darkest 24 hours in U.S. history.” Wait until someone tells him about 9/11.
Michele Bachmann says gay marriage is a threat to religious freedom. Her husband Marcus is hiding in the closet and unavailable for comment.
Sarah Palin announces she's running for president in 2018.
$34 billion spent on military equipment for cops since 2001. One NY prison escapee killed by police-issued gun; the other pursued by dogs.
White America's biggest fears:	1. Arachnophobia	2. Black men in hoodies	3. Rachel Dolezal	4. Becoming a minority	5. Your mom
New study shows that if there are more guns, you're more likely to get shot. There's no follow-up study because researchers are dead. #NRA
If Dylann Roof had been a policeman, the 9 people he killed in Charleston would have been called "thugs".
Americans in the past year killed by...	Arson: 85	Baseball bats: 185	Hammers: 395	Strangulation: 745	Knives: 1,490	Guns: 32,000
Eric Garner: thug 	Michael Brown: thug 	Freddie Gray: thug 	Tamir Rice: thug	Dylann Roof: white victim of inadequate mental health services
New study shows Fox News viewers have lower IQ than average. Study unclear whether they were born that way, or watching Fox News caused it.
How Republicans view shootings...	Black shooter: blame the race	Muslim shooter: blame the religion	White shooter: blame Obama
America leads the world in gun violence among civilized countries. It's time to take America off the list of civilized countries.
If Donald Trump wants to be president, he still has to produce a long-form birth certificate for that thing on his head.
Donald Trump suffers brain damage due to static electricity in his hair. According to a brain surgeon, "That explains why he's so stupid."
3-year-old boy shoots his mother in Pennsylvania, but she wasn't seriously wounded. NRA statement: "He just needs more instruction."
Republicans are against Obama's plan to make college more affordable, because uneducated stupid people are more likely to vote Republican.
Cost to taxpayers...	Benghazi investigation: $14 million 	Search for Obama's birth certificate: $1.2 billion
American exceptionalism...	Obese people: 92 million	Prison population: 2.4 million	Gun deaths per year: 32,000
'Black' NAACP leader Rachel Dolezal outed as white. Now Republicans have opened up an investigation to determine if Obama is a white woman.
Definition of thug: A violent person, prone to criminal behavior. Often carries a badge, going by the motto "To Protect and to Serve."
New poll shows 89% of Republican voters are white. The other 11% are undecided.
2 cases of voter fraud each year.	32,000 killed by guns each year.	GOP's #1 issue: voter fraud.
Rick Perry: "Running for the presidency is not an IQ test." Sarah Palin: "Count me in."
Texas police officer wrestles a black teen girl wearing a swimsuit to the ground. If it had been a black boy wearing a hoodie, he'd be dead.
Caitlyn Jenner: Transgender Republican	Josh Duggar: Child Molester Republican	Republicans support Duggar, denounce Jenner
Why the big deal over Josh Duggar molesting children? It's not like he was a black boy walking around his neighborhood wearing a hoodie.
During 14 years as governor of Texas, Rick Perry presided over the most executions in history. He executed 279 inmates, some of them guilty.
Top 5 Most Influential Republican Celebrities:	Mel Gibson	Ted Nugent	Josh Duggar	Ann Coulter	Charles Manson
Two deaths in America from Ebola and everyone panics. Wait until they hear about the 32,000 gun deaths per year.
Sarah Palin: "After careful consideration, much soul-searching and the support of my family, I have decided to run for president in 2018."
New poll shows 67% of Republicans are running for president.
Eric Garner: thug	Michael Brown: thug	Freddie Gray: thug	Tamir Rice: thug	Josh Duggar: mild-mannered child molester
Now that Josh Duggar has admitted to sexually molesting his sisters, I wonder how many of his sisters are his daughters.
Calling torture 'enhanced interrogation techniques' is like calling the shooting of black men by police 'enhanced racial profiling'.
Rick Santorum announces he's running for president in 1952.
Unarmed black man shot in the back by police...	Walter Scott: thug	Homophobic white man who molested children...	Josh Duggar: Republican
Americans in past year killed by...	Marijuana overdose: 0	Snake bite: 1	Ebola: 2	Shark attack: 3	ISIS: 4	Roller coaster: 5	Police: 1,040
Republicans are against Obamacare because it will make Democrats live longer.
Josh Duggar molested teen girls. New poll finds 19% of Republicans find this unacceptable, with margin of error of plus or minus 19 Duggars.
GOP debates limited to top10 candidates:	Jeb Bush	Rand Paul	Marco Rubio	Ted Cruz	Ben Carson	Carrot Top	Bob Dole	LL Cool J	Josh Duggar	Mr. T
CNN interviewed bikers involved in deadly brawl in Waco who said "We're not thugs." CNN also reports: "We're not journalists."
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made and causes rising sea levels of oceans. The other 3% believe Frank Ocean is an ocean.
2016 presidential election: Lindsey Graham throws his hat in the ring. Donald Trump throws his hair in the ring.
Republicans threaten to impeach President Obama for issuing more executive orders than any black president in history.
New poll shows Congress has an approval rating of 19%, meaning 19% of Americans have no idea what Congress is.
Cause of Amtrak train crash in Philadelphia is still unknown, although Republicans have opened up an investigation into Obama's involvement.
George Zimmerman has said that shooting Trayvon Martin was God's plan. Today Zimmerman shot in the face while God was making other plans.
2-year-old boy shoots his mother in Kentucky, but she wasn't seriously wounded. NRA released a statement: "He just needs more instruction."
New poll shows 49% of Republicans are running for president.
Unemployment falls to 5.4%, causing GOP conspiracy theory. Obama denies this, but admits that the White House just hired 223,000 gardeners.
Things that don't work:	Donald Trump's comb-over	Congress	Torture	Things that work:	Marijuana 	Mouse traps	Obamacare
God told them to run for president: 	Mike Huckabee	Ted Cruz	Ben Carson	Jeb Bush	SpongeBob SquarePants
Republican Ben Carson, a brain surgeon who is running for president, is proof of the old saying: "Don't perform brain surgery on yourself."
Gene Ryan, Baltimore police union president, called the Freddie Gray investigation a "rush to judgement." Freddie Gray had no comment.
Fox News reports Freddie Gray's injuries were self-inflicted. They also report that in S.C., Walter Scott shot himself in the back.
Police see white man:	"Innocent bystander"	Police see black man:	"Thug"	Police see black man running away:	"Shoot to kill"
Blamed for #BaltimoreRiots:	Liberals	Absentee Fathers	Obama	Baltimore Mayor	Thugs	Not blamed for riots:	Police who killed Freddie Gray
Republicans blame Obamacare for killing jobs. They'd rather kill people.
"I'm not a racist." - a racist.
House Intelligence Committee has been unable to find a link between politicians and intelligence.
The only things Republicans recycle on Earth Day are outdated ideas and renewable bullshit. #EarthDay
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'.
Republicans want to impeach Obama, but they feel they have a better chance if they wait until after the 2016 elections.
After GOP presidential hopefuls hold conference in New Hampshire, the state has officially changed it's motto to "Live Free or Die Laughing"
Republican alternative to Obamacare: the morgue.
Fox News was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released.
Sarah Palin announces she's running for president in 2018
Americans in past year killed by…	Marijuana overdose: 0	Snake bite: 1	Ebola: 2	ISIS: 3	Police: 930
A French TV network was hacked by ISIS, causing propaganda to be disseminated. If Fox News was hacked by ISIS, nobody would notice.
Cop who shot and killed an unarmed black man says he's not racist: "He had his back to me. How was I supposed to know what color he was?"
John Oliver interviewed Edward Snowden on HBO comedy Last Week Tonight. Sean Hannity interviewed Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson on Fox News.
CNN President Jeff Zucker says he wants to challenge Fox News in the ratings, which explains why CNN has started making stuff up.
History's Worst Inventions:	1. Atom Bomb	2. Nuclear Fusion	3. Hydrogen Blimps	4. Agent Orange	5. Donald Trump's Hair
Sarah Palin: "I can see Iran from the other side of my house."
After Indiana pizza shop refuses to cater gay weddings, other pizzerias step in to fill void, only to find nobody orders pizza at weddings.
Michele Bachmann says she supports Indiana anti-gay bill. Her husband Marcus is hiding in the closet and unavailable for comment.
Obama played golf over the weekend, angering Republicans. Congress plans to release a statement when they return from vacation in 6 weeks.
You're not born Republican. Your racist homophobic parents raised you that way.
Republicans are against Obama's plan to make college more affordable, because uneducated stupid people are more likely to vote Republican.
George Zimmerman says he does not feel guilty and he says Obama is responsible for fueling racial tensions. Trayvon Martin had no comment.
Ted Cruz wants to "take America back." The KKK wants its slogan back.
Ted Cruz will announce Monday his plan to run in the 1956 presidential election.
Brooklyn boy, 9, accidentally shot teenage girl with .22 caliber rifle, but she survived. NRA statement: "He just needs more instruction."
The NRA blames the media and video games for gun violence. If you see Rachel Maddow carrying a video game, report her immediately.
Letter sent to White House tested positive for cyanide. There have been no arrests, but authorities are questioning 47 Republican senators.
The murder rate in Colorado has gone down since marijuana was legalized. That's because no one can remember where they left their guns.
New poll shows 87% of Republican voters are white. The other 13% are undecided.
Fox News reports that marijuana use may damage your brain, but if you're watching Fox News, your brain is already damaged.
Those racist frat guys in Oklahoma were kicked out of college for acting like Republicans.
#FergusonReport shows systemic racial bias. To prove they're not racist, the Ferguson police will now go out and shoot white people.
Darren Wilson says he's 'relieved' no federal charges filed in Ferguson shooting. Michael Brown had no comment.
Republican Ben Carson, a brain surgeon, says prison makes straight people gay. He's proof that being Republican makes brain surgeons idiots.
97% of scientists believe climate change is man-made and causes rising sea levels of oceans. The other 3% believe Frank Ocean is an ocean.
Boris Nemtsov, top critic of Vladimir Putin, shot 4 times in Moscow. Putin takes over investigation into the death and rules it a suicide.
Sarah Palin speaks out against net neutrality, even though she has no idea what it is.
Calling torture 'enhanced interrogation techniques' is like calling black men shot by white police 'enhanced racial profiling'.
Department of Justice: George Zimmerman won't face civil rights charges. Zimmerman had no comment. Trayvon Martin also had no comment.
Rudy Giuliani apologizes for making racist statements about President Obama: "I'm not a racist, I just make racist statements."
Bill O'Reilly lies about being in combat. Fox News stands by him for making stuff up, as is their policy.
Rudy Giuliani says President Obama doesn't love his country, but Obama loves his country just as much as any other Kenyan.
New study shows Fox News viewers have lower IQ than average. Study unclear whether they were born that way, or watching Fox News caused it.
John McCain, former POW, says he knows what it's like to be a hostage. He showed up for ISIS interview on Meet the Press without a head.
Man who donated heart to Dick Cheney wants it back.
Say what you want about Dick Cheney, but his heart is in the right place.
If you wait until the day after Valentine's Day, you can get your card for 50% off.
Republicans have come up with a new alternative to Obamacare, and Costco is stocking up on caskets.
#ChapelHillShooting was not about race but about a parking space, according to the suspect's wife. So it was just a misunderstanding.
Muslims execute French political cartoonists: they're "terrorists". Racist Southern white man shoots 3 Muslim students: "misguided loner".
Brian Williams was suspended by NBC for lying. He announced he'll spend the time fighting ISIS in Northern Iraq and Syria with the Kurds.
Bill O'Reilly lied about being in combat. Fox News spokesman: "This is in keeping with our ethical standards, so we don't give a rat's ass."
Brian Williams announced he's taking a leave of absence from NBC so he can go on tour with One Direction.
The NSA is monitoring MySpace to find out who's irrelevant.
Brian Williams apologizes for making up story about being shot down in Iraq. Fox News is in discussions to hire Williams away from NBC.
Republican alternative to Obamacare: the morgue.
3-year-old boy shoots parents in New Mexico, but they weren't seriously wounded. NRA released a statement: "He just needs more instruction."
The House Ethics Committee and the Congressional Leadership Committee are being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
Mitt Romney drops out of the presidential race when he realizes he'd rather spend money on his car elevator than help poor people.
During his 14 years as governor of Texas, Rick Perry presided over the executions of a record 279 inmates, some of them guilty.
Sarah Palin says President Obama should be impeached, even though she doesn't know what that means.
Republicans threaten to impeach President Obama for issuing more executive orders than any black president in history.
Sarah Palin announces she's running for president in 2018.
After Justice Department failed to bring federal charges, Darren Wilson had no comment. Neither did Michael Brown. #Ferguson
New poll shows Congress has an approval rating of 16%, meaning 16% of Americans have no idea what Congress is.
The #SOTU will be followed by 5 white GOP responses, all with the same theme: It's the black guy's fault, even if things are going well.
Do not adjust the color on your television. John Boehner really is that orange. #SOTU
97% of scientists believe in climate change. The other 3% died in a hurricane.
Mitt "Forget Everything I Said Last Time" Romney
New study finds Fox News viewers less informed than viewers of SpongeBob SquarePants.
Least popular boy baby names:	1. Mitt	2. Newt	3. Jeb	4. Rand	5. Adolf
CNN Breaking News: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Still Missing
Unemployment falls to 5.6%, causing GOP conspiracy theory. Obama denies this, but admits that the White House just hired 252,000 gardeners.
Republicans are against Obama's plan for #FreeCommunityCollege, because uneducated stupid people are more likely to vote Republican.
Execute political cartoonists in the name of religion: you're a terrorist. Shoot up Sandy Hook Elementary School: you're a misguided loner.
Republicans want to "take America back." The KKK wants its slogan back.
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'.
Republicans say they're not racist. They just don't think a Negro should be president.
Top GOP stories of 2014:	1. Benghazi	2. Obama plays golf	3. Obama wears tan suit	4. Black man shoots white cops	5. Obama guilty in shooting
After dead bodies from AirAsia Flight 8501 were found floating in the ocean, Wolf Blitzer was spotted swimming toward the dead bodies. #CNN
CNN: "We interrupt our programming of missing AirAsia Flight 8501 to report that AirAsia Flight 8501 is still missing." #AirAsia8501
North Korea calls Obama a monkey because they blame him for hacking their Internet. Fox News calls Obama a monkey because it's Saturday.
Sony hack now thought to be the work of a disgruntled ex-employee. The employee has been rehired as head of film distribution. #TheInterview
The people of North Korea blame the U.S. for cyber-attack of their Internet, even though they have no idea what the Internet is.
Blamed for shooting of 2 NYPD cops:	Bill de Blasio	Eric Holder	Al Sharpton	Obama	Ferguson protestors	Not blamed for shooting:	The shooter
Fox News was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released.
This year the Oscar nominees will be announced by North Korea.
Mel Gibson explains why Hanukkah is eight days: "That way the Jews get more gifts."
Rick Perry: "Running for the presidency is not an IQ test." Michele Bachmann: "Count me in."
Most popular presidential first name: James 	Least popular: Jeb
Things that don't work:	*Donald Trump's comb-over	*GM airbags	*Torture	Things that work:	*Marijuana edibles	*Mouse traps	*Obamacare
Calling torture 'enhanced interrogation techniques' is like calling black men shot by white police 'enhanced racial profiling'.
Proof that torture works: Terrorism has been eliminated.
Man who donated heart to Dick Cheney wants it back.
What a great country! We can commit unspeakable acts and tell the whole world about it. #TortureReport
New report finds it illegal to torture terrorists, but perfectly acceptable to choke black people to death. #TortureReport #ICantBreathe
To prove he's not racist, the cop who choked Eric Garner to death will now go out and choke white people. #NYPD #WhitePeople #ICantBreathe
Unemployment falls to 5.8%, causing GOP conspiracy theory. Obama denies this, but admits that the White House just hired 321,000 gardeners.
Americans in past year killed by…	Marijuana overdose: 0	Snake bite: 1	Ebola: 2	ISIS: 3	Police: 650
People furious about the Eric Garner grand jury decision fail to realize he was committing the heinous crime of selling untaxed cigarettes.
"I'm not a racist." - a racist
George W. Bush Presidential Library evacuated after a false report of WMDs.
House Intelligence Committee has been unable to find a link between politicians and intelligence.
Fox News has hired Darren Wilson as Chief White Correspondent.
Darren Wilson described Michael Brown as 'crazy' and intent on killing him. Michael Brown had no comment. #Ferguson
Sarah Palin wishes everyone a Happy Thanksgiving, the day in 1863 when the Pilgrims defeated Robert E. Lee at the Battle of Gettysburg.
Darren Wilson is spending Thanksgiving with his family. Michael Brown isn't. #Ferguson #Thanksgiving
To prove they're not racist, the Ferguson police will now go out and shoot white people. #FergusonDecision
The only thing criminal about Benghazi was that orange pantsuit Hillary Clinton wore when she testified before Congress.
Cost to taxpayers:	Benghazi hearings: $14 million	Search for Obama's birth certificate: $1.2 billion
Obama signs immigration executive order after Congress fails to act. Congress to release statement when they return from vacation next year.
Charles Manson won't get conjugal visits, just like most marriages.
Charles Manson is getting married, upsetting gays because he's now off the market.
Today in America there was one death from Ebola and two deaths from choking on a McRib.
Congress doesn't want to require background checks for mental illness, because the majority of Congress is mentally ill. #NRA
@TheStooge2 Working on a new site. Currently at https://t.co/qvN9zgotIK (The last 2 songs aren't mine)
Republicans threaten to impeach President Obama for issuing more executive orders than any black president in history.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry stands by his opposition to Obamacare: "It's cheaper to execute people."
The McRib is back. Republicans have opened up an investigation into Obama's involvement.
In honor of Rick Perry's New Hampshire trip to kick off his 2016 campaign, the state has changed it's motto to "Live Free or Die Laughing."
97% of scientists believe in climate change. The other 3% died in a hurricane.
Republicans vow to "take America back." The KKK wants its slogan back.
Republicans win with the help of their key demographic group, viewers of Here Comes Honey Boo Boo. #Election2014
Exit poll: 87% of voters who support marijuana legalization can't find the exit.
Mass hysteria breaks out in America as one person is positive for Ebola.
Halloween's over and Donald Trump is still wearing that thing on his head
This Halloween I'm going as an Ebola patient, because dressing up as a terrorist just isn't funny.
The only solution is to quarantine everybody who doesn't have Ebola.
Panic breaks out in a McDonald's when a woman vomits, but it turns out it's not Ebola. It's a Big Mac.
Republican alternative to Obamacare: the morgue.
You can only get Ebola through the exchange of bodily fluids, so if you contract Ebola in a bowling alley, you have other issues to resolve.
New poll shows Congress has an approval rating of 14%, meaning 14% of Americans have no idea what Congress is.
Americans in past year killed by… 	Ebola: 1	ISIS: 2	Police: 650
As Ebola and ISIS spread, Obama played golf. Outraged, Congress will release a statement when they return from vacation next month.
One death in America from Ebola and everyone panics. Wait until they hear about the 32,000 gun deaths per year.
As Ebola crisis hits Texas, Rick Perry flies to Europe. Obama should institute a travel ban on Perry returning to the United States.
Neil Patrick Harris has been named to host the 2015 Oscars. Republicans have opened an investigation into Obama's involvement.
New poll shows 87% of Republican voters are white. The other 13% are undecided.
Sarah Palin wishes everyone a Happy Columbus Day, the day in 1863 when Columbus defeated Robert E. Lee in the battle of Gettysburg.
New study: Fox News viewers are more likely to think they have Ebola, but the only thing contagious is racism, homophobia and bad grammar.
Today is National Coming Out Day. Michele Bachmann can't find her husband.
Fear grips the nation as the Ebola death toll reaches one in America.
Michele Bachmann retains her seat on the House Intelligence Committee, despite being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
Pandemonium and chaos break out in America as Ebola death toll reaches zero.
Unemployment falls to 5.9%, causing GOP conspiracy theory. Obama denies this but admits that the White House just hired 248,000 gardeners.
@ezraklein @AlexIsTheeName Do you suggest frying or baking?
"Political correctness" allowed Ebola to enter the U.S., says expert at political correctness and fat slob Rush Limbaugh.
Mass hysteria breaks out in America as one person tests positive for Ebola.
Stephen Hawking jumps the fence and makes it all the way into the White House.
@SodasCat Cameron Todd Willingham, Johnny Garrett
Rick Perry has executed a record number of people in Texas, some of them guilty.
Congress is on vacation, meaning they're doing the same thing they do when they're not on vacation.
Michele Bachmann believes being gay can be cured. Her husband Marcus is hiding in the closet and unavailable for comment.
Obama bombs ISIS without Congressional approval. Furious, Congress will release a statement when they return from vacation in two months.
Obama is on vacation. Congress is on vacation. ISIS has not released details of its vacation plans.
The White House was evacuated after an intruder jumped the fence. Joe Biden apologized and promised never to do it again.
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'.
John McCain, former prisoner of war, says he knows what it's like to be a hostage. He showed up at the ISIS Senate hearing without a head.
John McCain denies claim he posed for photo with ISIS fighters. The only terrorists McCain hangs out with are Republicans.
"I'm not a racist." - a racist
Degrading and destroying ISIS is imperative, but Obama must announce his strategy for degrading and destroying Congress.
@reid_bj That was me that painted the background. For a better look at my art go to http://t.co/KCeYyhTRlU
Congress is back from vacation but nobody noticed.
The murder rate in Colorado has gone down since marijuana was legalized. That's because no one can remember where they left their guns.
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released.
Joan Rivers died. Albert Brooks: "She was one of a kind." Whoopi Goldberg: "Bon voyage." Gary Busey: "I'm wearing my underwear on my head."
NRA blames increased gun violence on video games, so if you see anyone carrying a video game, report them immediately. #NRA
Tea Party wants to "take America back." The KKK wants its slogan back. #teaparty #KKK
Michele Bachmann retains her seat on the House Intelligence Committee, despite being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
Fox News reports that marijuana use may damage your brain, but if you're watching Fox News, your brain is already damaged.
The House Un-American Activities Committee is investigating President Obama's use of a tan suit at Thursday's press conference.
After 9-year-old girl shoots instructor with an Uzi, the NRA releases a statement: "She just needs more instruction."
To prove he's not a racist, Officer Darren Wilson will now go out and shoot white people. #Ferguson
It's a travesty Fox News wasn't nominated for Outstanding Comedy Series. #Emmys
British rapper is suspect in beheading of journalist James Foley. In America, rappers just shoot each other.
Strongest earthquake since 1989 jolts Northern California. Republicans have opened an investigation into Obama's involvement.
Ferguson tourism board has released a statement: "We only shoot black people."
New study finds that Fox News viewers are less informed than viewers of SpongeBob SquarePants.
The cop who threatened to kill a protester has been suspended. If he wanted a paid vacation he should have just killed the guy. #Ferguson
President Obama doesn't wear a tie at press conference but Rick Perry wears a tie for his mug shot. Just shows how much classier Perry is.
Fox News says Michael Brown had marijuana in his system, making him act "crazy." Fox reporters are high on bath salts. #Ferguson #FoxNews
National Guard deployed in Ferguson, some on rooftops. The Governor lifts curfew so they'll have targets to shoot at.
Congratulations to Chuck Todd on being named host of 'Meet the Press." I look forward to many years of watching his hairline recede.
If you plan to break the curfew, be sure to take videos. It will be easier to identify the police officer who kills you. #Ferguson
They should impose a curfew on the police, not the citizens. #Ferguson
Grand jury indicts Rick Perry. Before we rush to judgement on guilt or innocence, remember: some of the prisoners he executed were innocent.
Name of killer cop released, putting his life in danger. Michael Brown's life was in danger before his name was released. #Ferguson
Robin Williams committed suicide because of a pessimistic "leftist" attitude, said comedian Rush Limbaugh.
Congress is still on vacation but nobody noticed.
Shepard Smith calls Robin Williams a 'coward' for committing suicide. Smith is a closeted gay man at homophobic Fox News. Who's the coward?
President Obama is on vacation, angering Republicans. John Boehner plans to release a statement after Congress gets back from vacation.
New poll shows 87% of Republican voters are white. The other 13% are undecided.
Richard Nixon resigned 40 years ago because of Watergate scandal. Obama should resign because he provided millions of Americans healthcare.
Rand Paul working on new book, denies past plagiarism charges, saying: "It was twenty years ago today, Sgt. Pepper taught the band to play."
Fear grips the nation as the Ebola death toll reaches zero in America.
Appearing on Fox News, Donald Trump compares Ebola virus to AIDS. Fox News has hired Trump as Chief Medical Correspondent.
GOP replacement for Obamacare: The morgue.
House GOP sues President Obama for issuing more executive orders than any black president in history.
Sarah Palin is an example of why we need better mental health care in America.
Three weeks after its last vacation Congress is getting ready to go on its August vacation, followed by its September and October vacations.
A new Gallup poll shows that Congress has an approval rating of 15%, meaning 15% of Americans have no idea what Congress is.
Michele Bachman is on the House Intelligence Committee. Not surprisingly, her husband Marcus is on the House Heterosexual Committee.
Fox News anchor Gregg Jarrett pleads guilty to disorderly conduct at an airport. Fox News is guilty of disorderly conduct at a newsroom.
Michele Bachmann says gays want to "prey on little children sexually." Her husband is hiding in the closet and unavailable for comment.
Sarah Palin claims that God wants President Obama impeached. But what kind of God would want Joe Biden to be president?
The NSA is monitoring MySpace to find out who's irrelevant.
Sarah Palin called President Obama lazy, but failed to retract her statement because that would mean having to make another statement.
John Boehner's spray tan: $29.99. Boehner's bar tab: $275. Boehner's lawsuit against Obama: priceless. http://t.co/ifHeQL4eu2
House Intelligence Committee has been unable to find a link between politicians and intelligence.
Rush Limbaugh believes #MH17 plane crash was Obama conspiracy to distract from border crisis. Obama believes Limbaugh is high on bath salts.
Sarah Palin stands by her call for impeachment, especially after Obama shot down that plane.
Bomb squad called to Rush Limbaugh's house to defuse his head.
Dick Cheney called Obama "the worst president of my lifetime." Cheney also called LeBron James "the worst basketball player in the NHL."
After Boehner's lawsuit against Obama is thrown out, Boehner plans to challenge him to a duel.
Michele Bachmann says God told her not to run for re-election. In an unexpected development, God is running for Bachmann's vacant seat.
John Boehner withdraws his lawsuit against President Obama after he notices a drone hovering over his house.
Rick Perry has presided over more executions than any other governor in history. He's executed over 275 Texas inmates, some of them guilty.
Sarah Palin says President Obama should be impeached, even though she doesn't know what that means.
John Boehner plans to sue Obama. But first he must finish Congress's July vacation and get ready for the August and September vacations.
According to a new study, there is a decrease in car accidents among people who smoke marijuana. They can't find their cars.
John Boehner sues Taco Bell because it lacked the proper authority to release the Quesarito.
Happy 4th of July, or as Michele Bachmann calls it: George Washington's Birthday.
Dick Cheney's heart stopped, but there was no discernible change in his demeanor.
The House Intelligence Committee is being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
U.S. eliminated from World Cup by Belgium. Republicans have opened up an investigation into Obama's involvement.
The Benghazi terrorist will be tried in the U.S. by a jury of his peers, the cast of Duck Dynasty.
Shia LaBeouf arrested for having too many vowels.
John Boehner sues President Obama for abuse of power. Obama counter sues Boehner for abuse of orange spray tan.
Dick Cheney died but nobody told him.
We need to keep the mentally ill from getting guns or appearing on Fox News.
New poll shows that 89% of Republican voters are white. The other 11% are undecided.
Man who donated heart to Dick Cheney wants it back.
Tea Party catchphrase: "Take America Back." The KKK wants its slogan back.
Starbucks offers to pay for ASU online for their employees. Once they graduate ASU, the employees will be qualified to work at Starbucks.
Benghazi terrorist captured. He is being given immunity if he tells everything he knows about Hillary Clinton.
When asked if he is considering drone strikes in Iraq, Obama said yes, he was planning to drop John McCain and Lindsey Graham on Baghdad.
Researchers found a link between marijuana and Alzheimer's, but they forgot what it was.
97% of scientists believe in climate change. The other 3% are high on bath salts.
Finally, a "bulletproof blanket" for kids to use during school shootings. Now that we've solved the gun problem we can get back to Benghazi.
Bergdahl says he was caged and tortured by the Taliban, but at least it wasn't as bad as watching Fox News.
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'.
California Chrome loses Triple Crown race at Belmont. Republicans accused him of quitting in the middle and call for an apology from Obama.
Oliver North criticizes Obama for 'financing terrorist organization' in Bergdahl deal. Fox News promotes North to Chief Irony Correspondent.
The NRA blames the media and video games for gun violence. If you see Rachel Maddow carrying a video game, report her immediately. #NRA
GOP says Sgt. Bergdahl's  father's beard makes him look Muslim. They intend to question the beard to find out what it knows about Benghazi.
POW Bowe Bergdahl was a ballet dancer, and Republicans are worried he may have taught his captors ballet, which they will use against us.
Marco Rubio denies global warming, saying the solution is to order more snow.
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released.
Arsenio Hall Show is cancelled after it performs poorly in its key demographic, 80-year-old billionaire racists who own a basketball team.
The documentary series 'The Sixties' is airing on CNN, a rare departure into non-fiction for the network. #TheSixtiesCNN
If we had universal background checks for the purchase of guns, people would just go hunting with bombs.
Our Founding Fathers didn't foresee assault rifles or Justin Bieber.
Donald Sterling got $2 billion for selling the Clippers. He now has enough money to buy Magic Johnson.
Ironically, Maya Angelou died the same day Joe the Plumber became poet laureate.
A woman was accidentally shot at a Walmart when a man's gun fell out of his holster. He obviously bought the holster at Walmart.
Fox News has hired Joe the Plumber as Chief Sewage Correspondent.
The murder rate in Colorado has gone down since marijuana was legalized. That's because no one can remember where they left their guns.
Most mentally ill people don't go on shooting sprees. If they did, the Fox newsroom would be a bloodbath. #FoxNews
Imagine a world where we don't need a Memorial Day.
"Racism doesn't exist" - an enlightened Fox News viewer
NRA blames video games, movies, music videos, the NHL, 'Glee', MSNBC,   Bozo the Clown, Comedy Central, Elmo, and high fructose corn syrup.
Congress doesn't want to require background checks for mental illness, because the majority of Congress is mentally ill.
Kanye West and Kim Kardashian are a good example of why only gays should be allowed to be married.
According to a McDonald's spokesman, the company is not affected by the E. coli ground beef recall: "None of our products contain meat."
Karl Rove says Hillary Clinton has brain damage, which means she should be running as a Republican.
Congratulations to all the 2014 graduates. If you have an MFA in fiction, Fox News is hiring.
ABC has been accused of false advertising, so next season they are changing the name of the dance competition to "Dancing With The"
John Legend, Pitbull, JLo, Iggy Azalea and others performed live at the Billboard Music Awards. Michael Jackson performed dead.
Beyonce loses at Billboard Music Awards. Republicans have opened up an investigation into Obama's involvement.
Donald Sterling is suing the producers of '12 Years a Slave,' claiming theft of intellectual property.
The U.S. government is stockpiling episodes of 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' to be used as an alternative to waterboarding.
The U.S. may be ready for another president named Bush, but there will never be a president named Jeb.
New study finds that Fox News viewers are less informed than viewers of SpongeBob SquarePants.
If Donald Sterling keeps talking, he'll end up becoming a Republican congressman.
"I'm not a racist." - a racist
Clippers owner Donald Sterling: "I'm not a racist. I've owned black players for 33 years."
The House Intelligence Committee is being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
Burger King has announced it is now serving burgers for breakfast. Republicans have opened an investigation into Obama's involvement.
Donald Trump calls Benghazi a "total cover-up," but the only cover-up is on his head.
The bipartisan House committee on Benghazi will have 7 Republicans, 5 Democrats and 3 Kardashians.
CNN was searching for the missing plane and all they found was Monica Lewinsky.
New study finds that marijuana is harmless, but Fox News causes loss of brain cells.
New poll shows Congress has an approval rating of 13%, meaning 13% of Americans have no idea what Congress is.
"Nobody's talking about the elephant in the room." - the elephant
Donald Sterling agrees to step down as Clippers owner as long as he gets to keep Chris Paul and a player to be named later as his valet.
New jobs report out: Republicans accuse Obama of inflating jobs numbers after the White House hires 288,000 gardeners.
A new telephone poll finds 54% of Americans support legalizing marijuana. 42% are opposed. The other 4% couldn't find their phones.
Because his comments were so reprehensible, Donald Sterling has been fined and banned for life from the KKK.
Donald Trump falls to #3 on Time Magazine's 100 most influential racists of 2014.
Clipper owner Donald Sterling says he isn't a racist: "Most of the players I own are black."
"Cliven Bundy is a disgrace to the Bundy name." - Ted Bundy's mother
The NSA is monitoring MySpace to find out who's irrelevant.
Cliven Bundy may be a racist, but that shouldn't invalidate all the kind words he got from Fox News. #ClivenBundy
The two most racist sounding names in the news: Cliven and Jeb
William Shakespeare would have been 450 years old today, but he died unexpectedly.
The KKK renounces Rush Limbaugh, saying he gives bigots and sociopaths a bad name.
Time Warner, owner of CNN, has announced a new channel: MPN, the Missing Plane Network. #CNN #MPN
The people claiming Jesus had a wife are obviously covering up for the fact that he had a husband.
8 million are now insured through Obamacare, which makes it a bureaucratic nightmare setting up all those death panels.
CNN reports that "marijuana use may damage your brain," but if you're watching CNN's missing plane coverage, your brain is already damaged.
George Bush has an exhibit of paintings of world leaders. Asked why he hasn't done a painting of Obama, Bush said: "I don't do coloreds."
In a drunken stupor, Don Draper deletes his MySpace account. #MadMen
Mike Huckabee says North Korea has more freedom than the United States. Obama immediately had him executed.
Piers Morgan is spotted swimming in the Indian Ocean, attempting to get his job back at CNN..
After a woman throws a shoe at Hillary Clinton, Congress supports universal background checks for shoes.
CNN has signed a 7-year contract to air exclusive coverage of the missing Malaysian airplane.
George Bush's portraits are so realistic Dick Cheney is using them for target practice.
Malaysian minister: "We continue to hope and pray for survivors." CNN spokesman: "We continue to hope and pray the plane remains missing."
Dick Cheney's heart has a longer battery life than the Malaysian airline's black box, but both are still missing.
CNN: The Fort Hood shooter... We interrupt this broadcast to announce that the Malaysian Airliner is still missing.
New jobs report out: Republicans accuse Obama of inflating jobs numbers after the White House hires 192,000 gardeners.
Jimmy Hoffa found floating in the Indian Ocean.
CNN announces shooting at Fort Hood, but can't identify the shooter because all their reporters are covering the missing Malaysian airplane.
Republican alternative to Obamacare: the morgue.
Today is the last day to sign up for Obamacare, or as Republicans call it, "Armageddon".
CNN Special Report: Plastic bag found in Indian Ocean.
Chris Christie has lost 100 pounds. CNN dispatched a team of reporters to cover the disappearance. #CNN
Steven Seagal calls Putin's actions in Ukraine "very reasonable." Putin calls Seagal's acting "barely tolerable."
Due to high television ratings, the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane has been picked up for next season by CNN
Do most serial killers have posters of Justin Bieber in their house? Asking for a friend.
We need to keep the mentally ill from getting guns or serving in Congress.
That's the last time I stick my head in a 3D printer.
Due to recent editorial decisions at all the cable news stations, "breaking news" now means "no news, but something could happen soon".
CNN has announced it will continue 24 hour coverage of the Malaysia Airlines disappearance until George Zimmerman gets arrested again.
New poll shows that 89% of GOP voters are white. The other 11% are undecided.
I dropped my cell phone in the toilet and now the NSA knows when I do my business. #NSA
BREAKING: Man overdoses on marijuana and forgets his password.
Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov meets with his American counterpart Gary Busey. #Ukraine
Malaysia Airlines plane still missing. Republicans have opened up an investigation into Obama's involvement.
New NSA poll shows the NSA already knew the results of the poll.
New poll: 56% of Americans say NSA phone tracking is acceptable for fighting terrorism. The other 44% are in hiding.
Marijuana does not cause lung damage, new study shows. Researchers aren't sure if the study shows other risks because they can't remember.
I'm watching the Red Carpet on Fox News. Oh, wait! That's Donald Trump's hair. #Oscars
New poll shows Congress has an approval rating of 10%, meaning 10% of Americans have no idea what Congress is.
Anderson Cooper announces he's still gay.
Chris Christie to skip dinner at the White House. The CBO estimates the federal government will save $600 million.
National Clown Association has reported that there is a shortage of clowns. That's because they're all going into politics.
Fox News has hired Ted Nugent as Chief White Correspondent.
Kim Jong Un is more dangerous than his father, Kim H.W. Jong Un.
Connecticut newspaper compares the KKK to Ted Nugent. The KKK is suing for defamation.
New poll shows that 57% of Americans support drone strikes targeting al Qaeda. The other 43% support drone strikes targeting Congress.
If you wait until the day after Valentine's Day, you can get your card for 50% off.
"The only way to stop a bad guy with a tube of toothpaste is a good guy with a tube of toothpaste": National Toothpaste Association
"In order to maximize ratings, the opening ceremony will be delayed until 2018," NBC said in a statement. #Sochi
Republicans blame Obamacare for killing jobs. They'd rather kill people.
The murder rate in Colorado has gone down since marijuana was legalized. That's because no one can remember where they left their guns.
My New Year's resolution: I plan to stop procrastinating.
A new telephone poll finds 55% of Americans support legalizing marijuana. 41% are opposed. The other 4% couldn't find their phones.
FCC investigates Fox News for its use of the word 'news'. #FoxNews
I recorded the State of the Union on DVR, so I'll be live tweeting it tonight. #SOTU
"No one is talking about the elephant in the room" - the elephant
We need to keep the mentally ill from getting guns or serving in Congress.
When I found out Gmail was down, I was outraged. Until I found out what Gmail is.
Our Founding Fathers didn't foresee assault rifles or Honey Boo Boo.
If we had universal background checks for the purchase of guns, people would just go hunting with bombs.
Dennis Rodman is in rehab for acting like Dennis Rodman.
I'm not on Facebook so I don't have any friends.
The NSA is monitoring MySpace to find out who's irrelevant.
If Chris Christie wanted to cause a traffic jam on a bridge, he'd just stand in the middle of it.
Chris Christie gains 20 pounds but denies any involvement, saying one of his staff members is responsible.
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released. #FoxNews
GOP replacement for Obamacare: The morgue.
Michele Bachmann is on the House Intelligence Committee. The committee has been unable to find a link between politics and intelligence.
Economic impact of #Obamacare: Once poor people are able to afford health care, there will be more poor people, because they'll live longer.
Republican response to 1.3 million Americans losing unemployment benefits: "Good luck and drop dead!" http://t.co/TPSHf3eCzP
Unemployment benefits expire for 1.3 million Americans - Happy New Year! http://t.co/TPSHf3eCzP
Phil Robertson returns to Duck Dynasty after he apologizes to gay ducks.
The House Ethics Committee and the Congressional Leadership Committee are being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
In the interest of public safety, Santa Claus will be carrying a gun. #NRA
NRA leader Wayne LaPierre wants to keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill, but changes his mind when he realizes he's mentally ill.
Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson has been suspended from singing on 'Glee'.
Harvard student called in a bomb threat to get out of taking final exams. He has a future in politics.
Dennis Rodman is in no danger visiting North Korea as long as he lets Kim Jong Un play center.
Kim Jong Un executed his uncle after he forgot to DVR The Sound of Music.
Kim Jong Un executed his uncle, saying he was a traitor and "worse than a dog." Kim's dog has gone into hiding.
Peter O'Toole died. Lindsay Lohan: "Who's that?" Justin Bieber: "A musical genius." Sarah Palin: "Condolences to our North Korean allies".
NRA blames video games, movies, music videos, the NHL, 'Glee', MSNBC,  Bozo the Clown, Comedy Central, Elmo, and high fructose corn syrup.
Kim Jong Un executed his uncle because he didn't like his Hanukkah gift: a booster seat for his tank.
Miley Cyrus can't believe she lost to the Pope for Time's Person of the Year: "He's been Pope for 9 months. I've been a bitch my whole life"
The 2nd Amendment protects our right to go duck hunting with an assault rifle and a kevlar vest.
Nelson Mandela died. John Legend: "He was a hero". Paula Abdul: "I'm deeply saddened". Gary Busey: "I'm wearing my underwear on my head".
Cause of train crash in New York is still unknown, although Republicans have opened up an investigation into Obama's involvement.
The House Intelligence Committee is being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
Walmart stores get bomb threats. The bombs are cheap and  poorly made, leading authorities to believe thay were sold at Walmart.
Hanukkah and Thanksgiving fall on the same day, causing Jewish Indians to feel very conflicted.
Sarah Palin wishes everyone a Happy Thanksgiving, the day in 1863 when the Pilgrims defeated Robert E. Lee at the Battle of Gettysburg.
For a spicier turkey, try a little pepper spray, mustard gas and a hint of Agent Orange.
Congress is on vacation, meaning they're doing the same thing they do when they're not on vacation, except for eating turkey.
A new telephone poll finds 58% of Americans support legalizing marijuana. 39% are opposed. The other 3% couldn't find the phone.
The Fox News computers were hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released. #FoxNews
Toronto's crack-smoking mayor Rob Ford wants to be the next Prime Minister. When I smoke crack I want to be the next Prime Minister too.
My cell phone fell in the toilet. Now the NSA is monitoring my shit.
Remember, if you can't get on the Obamacare website, you can always fly to Washington and sign up.
New poll shows Congress has an approval rating of 9%, meaning 9% of Americans have no idea what Congress is.
Society of Village Idiots to sue Ted Cruz for defamation of character.
Tea Party wants to "take America back." The KKK wants its slogan back.
Rand Paul denies plagiarism charges, saying: "I'm a strong independent black woman who don't need no man."
Twitter was hacked, causing an unusual amount of intelligent discourse and real news items to be posted.
New jobs report out: Republicans accuse Obama of inflating jobs numbers after the White House hires 204,000 gardeners.
Rand Paul denies plagiarism accusations, saying: "It was twenty years ago today, Sgt. Pepper taught the band to play"
If we had universal background checks for the purchase of guns, people would just go hunting with bombs.
After interviewing Dick Cheney about the Middle East, CNN hires Cheney as Chief Irony Correspondent. #CNN
The U.S. government is stockpiling episodes of 'Here Comes Honey Boo Boo' to be used as an alternative to waterboarding.
The NSA is monitoring MySpace to find out who's irrelevant.
Ted Cruz forgot to set his clock back, so he's saying stupid things an hour early.
Halloween's over and Donald Trump is still wearing that thing on his head.
This Halloween I'm going as a member of Congress, which means I just stand around and do nothing.
Worst pet costume: that thing on Donald Trump's head.
This year for Halloween Ted Cruz is going as a vapid mass of hot air wearing a tie.
New NSA poll shows the NSA already knew the results of the poll.
Chris Brown arrested for being Chris Brown.
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'.
The House Ethics Committee and the Congressional Leadership Committee are being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
New poll shows that 57% of Americans support drone strikes targeting al Qaeda. The other 43% support drone strikes targeting Congress.
Due to his bad heart, Dick Cheney gave a resignation letter to Pres. Bush. Bush didn't except it because he thought Cheney was already dead.
Man who donated heart to Dick Cheney wants it back.
Congress reaches budget deal, then goes on vacation. They're expected to work one day in Nov., two days in Dec. and then come back in 2016.
Congratulations Congress for doing your job. #douchebags #idiots #morons
House is now debating bill to reopen the government, raise the debt ceiling and send Obama back to Kenya. #debtceiling
Sarah Palin wishes everyone a Happy Columbus Day, the day in 1863 when  Columbus defeated Robert E. Lee in the battle of Gettysburg.
Republicans prefer the term 'Obamacare' because the Affordable Care Act makes it seem affordable.
Republicans are against Obamacare because it will make Democrats live longer.
New poll shows Congress has an approval rating of 10%, meaning 10% of Americans are high on bath salts.
NRA leader Wayne LaPierre wants to keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill, but changes his mind when he realizes he's mentally ill.
Congress continues to get paid during government shutdown, so expect them to work extra hard to keep it shut down.
GOP replacement for Obamacare: The morgue.
Economic impact of #Obamacare: Once poor people are able to afford health care, there will be more poor people, because they'll live longer.
Obama talked to the Iranian president for 15 minutes, 15 minutes longer than he's ever talked to any Republican in Congress.
Ted Cruz is an example of why we need better mental health care in America.
Our Founding Fathers didn't foresee assault rifles or Honey Boo Boo.
ABC has been accused of false advertising, so they are changing the name of the dance competition to "Dancing With The"
Congress is opposed to background checks for mental illness, because none of them would pass.
The Washington Navy Yard shooter was mentally ill, meaning it was easier for him to buy guns than health insurance.
Syria to give up chemical weapons; agrees to continue killing its citizens with conventional weapons.
Syria agrees to destroy all its chemical weapons if the U.S. destroys all copies of 'Here Comes Honey Boo Boo'.
Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov meets with his American counterpart Gary Busey. #Syria
Most Americans don't want Obama to attack Syria. They want him to attack Congress.
George Zimmerman's wife on 911 tape after he threatens her with gun: "I am really, really scared." 911 operator: "Duh"
Hollywood is silent on Syria intervention. Sean Penn: "No comment."; Alec Baldwin: "I can't talk."; Gary Busey: "I'm not wearing any pants".
Obama says he didn't mean to set a red line. His crayons were out of maroon.
Ariel Castro hangs himself when he finds prison is even worse than living in Cleveland.
Syria appreciates Congress voting on authorizing military action, but would also like Congress to let them know where the bombs will drop.
Obama plays golf. Congress takes a vacation. The decision to bomb Syria will be made by the judges on Project Runway.
Obama must intervene in Syria so they never use chemical weapons again and continue using conventional weapons to execute their citizens.
5,000 people paid Donald Trump up to $35,000 each to attend "Trump University", meaning there are 5,000 people dumber than Trump.
New poll shows that 89% of GOP voters are white. The other 11% are undecided.
George Lucas invested $10 million in Starbucks, enough to buy a venti soy hazelnut vanilla cinnamon mocha with extra mocha and caramel.
While Congress is on vacation, John Boehner is working on his spray tan.
Groundbreaking new research shows the effects of marijuana on Alzheimers, but researchers forgot the results.
Rick Perry says Texas won't implement Obamacare. "It's cheaper  to execute people"
We need to keep the mentally ill from getting guns or serving in Congress.
New poll shows that most people can't recognize Anthony Weiner when he's wearing pants.
New poll shows 75% of New Yorkers have unfavorable opinion of Anthony Weiner. The other 25% have been sexting with him.
CNN medical expert Sanjay Gupta changes his mind about marijuana. In related news, he was spotted at a 7-11 buying donuts, chips and candy.
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'.
George W. Bush went in for a routine heart procedure. "Mission accomplished," said his doctor after botching the operation.
Congress takes a five-week vacation, meaning they'll do the same thing they do when they're not on vacation.
Ariel Castro: "That Anthony Weiner is one sick dude."
Anthony Weiner won't quit. "That's not the way we roll in New York City," Weiner said, taking off his pants.
George Zimmerman is armed and stopped for speeding in Texas. He let the officer go after finding him to be white and not carrying skittles.
George Zimmerman complains he will never have a normal life... except when he goes out and shoots black people.
Cleveland kidnap victims say they are doing fine, except for the fact they have to live in Cleveland.
Weiner still hanging in there.
On the next episode, Dexter dispenses justice on George Zimmerman.
Whitey Bulger's sexting name is Anthony Weiner.
Breaking News: Anthony Weiner shows up to news conference wearing pants.
Anthony Weiner's wife says she'll stand behind him, because it's better than standing in front of him.
In solidarity, the royal baby has been named Trayvon.
George Zimmerman saves family of four from car wreck, part of his effort to rehabilitate his image by saving white people in danger.
Zimmerman jury sequestration included trips bowling and to see 'The Lone Ranger', so they wouldn't come into contact with any black people.
Geraldo Rivera tweets a half-naked photo of himself. Tonight on Fox News - 'Special Report: What's Under the Towel?'
George Zimmerman says he wants to be a lawyer. That's a step down from neighborhood watchman.
Trayvon Martin could have been me 35 years ago, if he was white and liked hockey.
Obama: "Trayvon Martin could have been me 35 years ago, and George Zimmerman could have been Geraldo Rivera."
George Zimmerman is afraid of vigilantes taking the law into their own hands. Where did he get that idea?
Rolling Stone features Boston Marathon bombing suspect on cover. "It's disgusting," said former cover subject Charles Manson.
"Calling someone a crazy-ass cracka is racist" - a crazy-ass cracka
George Zimmerman's old MySpace account reveals racist, sexist, violent behavior. So he's just like all the other MySpace users. #MySpace
The new Twinkies are smaller than the old ones. Republicans have opened up an investigation into Obama's involvement.
To prove he's not a racist, George Zimmerman will now go out and shoot white people.
Edward Snowden delivers the verdict in the George Zimmerman trial.
George Zimmerman knew he was in trouble when the judge showed up wearing a hoodie. #ZimmermanTrial
George Zimmerman has gained a lot of weight. Trayvon Martin hasn't.
The only people who know what happened that night are George Zimmerman and Nancy Grace. #ZimmermanTrial
CNN Breaking News: George Zimmerman picks his nose.
The three Cleveland kidnap victims say they are doing fine, except for the fact that they have to live in Cleveland.
Congress came back to work today, which means they'll do the same thing they did when they were on vacation.
Republican catchphrase: "Take America Back". The KKK wants its slogan back.
Cause of the plane crash in San Francisco is still unknown, although Republicans have opened up an investigation into Obama's involvement.
Republicans accuse Obama of inflating jobs numbers after the White House hires 195,000 gardeners.
Reruns of the George Zimmerman trial to air on Nickelodeon.
George Zimmerman is half Jewish, meaning he is feeling half guilty.
Sarah Palin: "Happy Independence Day, the day Paul Revere warned that the English were coming with fireworks, hot dogs and watermelon."
Due to high television ratings, the George Zimmerman trial has been picked up for next season by CNN.
After being turned down everywhere else, Edward Snowden has been granted asylum in Legoland.
Paula Deen apologizes for using the N-word. She says some of her best friends are the N-words.
Rick Perry: "We value all life in Texas. That's why we prefer lethal injection over the electric chair."
Rick Perry has executed a record number of people in Texas, some of them guilty.
Michele Bachmann supports gay marriage, as long as it's between a man and a woman.
Congress is on vacation, meaning they're doing the same thing they do when they're not on vacation.
Paula Deen to testify for George Zimmerman.
Chris Brown arrested for being Chris Brown.
"Blaming guns for murder is like blaming forks for  obesity," says Rush Limbaugh, who likes to eat with his hands.
Marijuana does not cause lung damage, new study shows. Researchers aren't sure if the study shows other risks because they can't remember.
Paula Deen fired by Food Network for making racist comments, or as Fox News calls it, "reporting news". #FoxNews
Paula Deen hired by Fox News as Chief Racist Correspondent. #FoxNews
James Gandolfini died. Bryan Cranston: "He was a great talent."; Elijah Wood: "A shocking loss."; Gary Busey: "I'm not wearing any pants."
Texas Gov. Rick Perry opposes Obamacare: "It's cheaper to execute people"
Sarah Palin re-hired as a pundit on Fox News after somebody explained to her what a pundit is. #FoxNews
Authorities are confident they will find Jimmy Hoffa by monitoring his phone calls.
Myspace unveils the "new Myspace", which is the same as the old Myspace only newer. #MySpace
The new HBO series 'The Newsroom' is fiction, just like Fox News.
New poll shows 10% of Americans approve of Congress, meaning 10% of Americans have no idea what Congress is.
My cell phone fell in the toilet and now the NSA is monitoring my bowel movements.
The Syfy Channel hires Sarah Palin as foreign affairs correspondent.
The NSA is monitoring the voices in my head.
The NSA is monitoring MySpace to find out who's irrelevant.
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released. #FoxNews
New NSA poll shows the NSA already new the results of the poll.
New poll: 56% of Americans say NSA phone tracking is acceptable for fighting terrorism. The remaining 44% are in hiding.
George Zimmerman new he was in trouble in the Trayvon Martin murder case when the judge showed up wearing a hoodie.
Due to bad publicity, Verizon is losing customers for its friends and terrorists plan.
God told Michele Bachmann not to run for re-election. God also told Bachmann not to marry that gay dude, but she didn't listen.
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'. #FoxNews
Sounds like a really bad movie, but it's not: Barack Obama and the Dreaded Curse of the Second Term http://t.co/zrNC9STSyc
As Obama is being accused of cover-ups and scandals, don't forget, we still don't know where he was born. http://t.co/zrNC9STSyc
Spurred on by the sale of Tumblr to Yahoo for $1.1 billion, MySpace puts itself on sale on Craigslist for $29.99.
If I had a 3D printer I'd use it to make more 3D printers.
Michele Bachmann says God told her not to run for re-election. In an unexpected development, God is running for Bachmann's vacant seat.
Michele Bachmann says: "Gays should not be allowed to marry." Her husband Marcus is hiding in the closet and unavailable for comment.
Congress is on vacation, meaning  they'll do the same thing they do when they're not on vacation.
Paris Hilton gets a record deal. In other news, Stevie Wonder gets his driver's license.
It's lonely at the top, but the reception is better.
In a statement, Jodi Arias asks the jury to spare her life, then tells everything she knows about Benghazi.
"Global warming is a hoax" - Sarah Palin, who can see snow from her house.
Obama's approval ratings up, so he's pulled security from embassies worldwide, seized everyone's phone records, and had IRS audit everybody.
If it looks like a rat and smells like a rat it must be the Republican member of the House, representing Minnesota's 6th district. #Bachmann
If I win the powerball, I'll have enough money to get my hair done like Donald Trump's. #powerball #trump
You have better odds of becoming the president than winning the powerball. I am today announcing my candidacy for the presidency of the U.S.
The Boston bomber gets a plea deal in exchange for information about Benghazi.
Groundbreaking new research shows the effects of marijuana on Alzheimers, but researchers forgot the results.
Donald Trump claims cover-up by Obama on Benghazi, IRS and AP wiretapping. Obama claims cover-up on Trump's head.
Michele Bachmann believes in gay marriage, as long as it's between a man and a woman.
Woman kidnapped by Somali pirates talks to Dr. Phil about being freed in Somalia: "At least it's not Cleveland."
Great Gatsby turns out to be only slightly mediocre.
After interviewing Oliver North about the Benghazi cover-up, Fox News hires North as Chief Irony Correspondent.
Cleveland mayor says, "This is the best publicity we've had in a long time".
CNN President Jeff Zucker says he wants to challenge Fox News in the ratings, which explains why CNN has started making stuff up.
Minnesota legalizes gay marriage. Michele Bachmann is furious, but her husband Marcus is hiding in the closet and unavailable for comment.
Cleveland kidnapping victims are happy to be home... until they realize it's Cleveland.
I'm watching Fox News. It turns out that Obama is a lazy black man. #FoxNews
Iron Man also does fluff and fold.
In honor of Rick Perry's record of executing  people, the state of Texas is changing it's motto to: "Live Free or Fry"
FBI arrests three men for making false statements in Boston bombing case: Two college students and John King.
We need to keep the mentally ill from getting guns or serving in Congress.
Donald Trump has a bad hair day but no one notices.
Donald Trump's hair flies off when he attempts to board a  helicopter.
George W. Bush Library evacuated after a false report of WMDs.
The least popular part of the George W. Bush Library is the waterboarding exhibit.
Elvis impersonators are worried that the ricin-letter incident will make them look silly.
If we had universal background checks for the purchase of guns, people would just go hunting with bombs.
John King made racist remarks during CNN's bombing coverage. He insists he's not racist: "Some of my best friends are journalists"
Sen. Lindsay Graham calls for terrorist to be tried as "enemy combatant". He demands that Obama surrender immediately.
CNN's John King reports that a dark-skinned man has been arrested playing hockey.
CNN's John King should be read his Miranda rights.
ACLU: "Denying Miranda rights to marathon bombing suspect is un-American", unlike that all-American activity of blowing things up.
Boston bomber has been arrested. CNN's John King has identified him as Snoop Dogg.
Boston is in lockdown as manhunt continues for John King.
Twitter reacts quickly to shooting at MIT, although most people on Twitter don't know how to spell MIT.
The CNN computers were hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news to be reported. #CNN
Rick Santorum says gay marriage discourages straight marriage. Finally, a good reason for gay marriage.
CNN's John King: "A dark-skinned male is in custody". NBC's Pete Williams: "There hasn't been an arrest". John King: Is Fox News hiring?".
Fox News does what it does best in a crisis: Make stuff up.
Kim Jong Un is more dangerous than his father, Kim H.W. Jong Un.
Anthony Weiner considers running for NYC mayor, after taking time off to handle his personal business.
Presidential election update: New poll shows that majority of Fox News viewers don't know who won.
"What's with Donald Trump's hair?": Kim Jong Un
FCC investigates Fox News for its use of the word 'news'
FDA approves generic McRibs
Michele Bachmann says marriage is between a man and a woman. Her husband Marcus is hiding in the closet and unavailable for comment.
New poll shows that Kim Jong Un is almost as unpopular as Mel Gibson.
My New Year's resolution: I plan to stop procrastinating.
Forget about Kim Jong Un. It's been 7 years since Dick Cheney shot somebody.
As an April Fools' Day prank, Fox News interviews a gay person.
Rush Limbaugh said lesbians are "obese substance abusers". It's only a matter of time before Limbaugh announces that he's a lesbian.
Ethics investigation of Michele Bachmann ends after it is determined there are no ethics to investigate.
A new telephone poll finds 50% of Americans support legalizing marijuana. 46% are opposed. The other 4% were too stoned to answer the phone.
Kim Jong Un threatens to bomb the U.S. after watching Season 4 of 'Glee'.
RNC chairman Reince Priebus changes his position on same-sex marriage after realizing how gay his name is.
Marcus and Michele Bachmann are an example of why only gays should be allowed to be married.
Michele Bachmann says homosexuality is a mental disorder. Her husband is hiding in the closet and unavailable for comment.
Mayor Bloomberg calls for universal background checks for large soda purchases.
One year ago Dick Cheney got a new heart. Ironically, his body is rejecting his brain.
Rick Perry wants to repeal Obamacare: "It's cheaper to execute people"
Congress takes a two week vacation, meaning  they'll do the same thing they do when they're not on vacation.
Iraq war 10th anniversary- Bette Midler: "Based on a lie"; Michael  Moore: "Bush is a war criminal"; Gary Busey: "I'm not wearing any pants"
It's been almost a year since Dick Cheney got a new heart. The heart  survived but Cheney continues to be brain dead.
Sen. Rob Portman changes his views on affirmative action after finding out one of his sons is black.
ABC has been accused of false advertising, so they are changing the name of the dance competition to "Dancing With The".
Sarah Palin wishes everyone Happy St. Patrick's Day, commemorating the ride of Paul Revere warning the Irish that leprechauns aren't real.
If Pope Francis is so homophobic, why did he pick such a gay name?
Washington is like "bad reality TV", said Sarah Palin, an expert on bad reality TV, but a moron when it comes to Washington. #CPAC2013
The Senate should vote to eliminate the House of Representatives.
A large snake was found at a Los Angeles homeless shelter. No comment from Donald Trump.
Sen. Rob Portman supports gay marriage after finding out his son is gay, but has no comment after finding out other son is an illegal alien.
Daniel Day-Lewis to play Lance Armstrong in "My Left Testicle"
The U.S. government is stockpiling episodes of 'Here Comes Honey Boo Boo' to be used as an alternative to waterboarding.
Fox News refuses to announce new Pope until all the ballots have been counted in Florida. #pope
Tea Party catchphrase: "Take America Back". The KKK wants its slogan back.
The U.S. may be ready for another president named Bush, but there will never be a president named Jeb.
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released.
Unemployment falls to 7.7%, causing GOP conspiracy theory. Obama denies this but admits that the White House just hired 236,000 gardeners.
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'.
Obama canceled his dinner with a group of GOP Senators after his food taster died.
Hugo Chavez died. Oliver Stone: "I mourn a great hero"; Sean Penn: "I lost a friend"; Gary Busey: "I'm wearing my underwear on my head".
North Korea's Kim Jong Un was chosen supreme leader over his smarter brother Jeb.
New poll shows 12% of Americans approve of Congress, meaning 12% of Americans have no idea what it is that Congress does.
When Congress takes its vacation, John Boehner plans to work on his spray tan.
Congress is scheduled to go on a two week vacation March 22, meaning they'll do the same thing they do when they're not on vacation.
Taco Bell defends its use of horse meat in beef tacos, saying: "At least it's not horse shit"
The Pope has retired to a small condo in Van Nuys.
A sign that the recession is ending: The price of horse meat is going down.
Honey Boo Boo will soon air in Europe. I've canceled my vacation plans to Europe and now I'm planning on visiting North Korea.
The Chuck Hagel Congressional hearings have been picked up for next season by Comedy Central.
Iran digitally added sleeves to Michele Obama's Oscar gown. They also digitally added jokes to Seth MacFarlane's opening monologue. #Oscars
I recorded the Oscars on DVR, so I'll be live tweeting it tonight. #Oscars
Rick Perry says Texas won't implement Obamacare. "It's cheaper  to execute people"
70% of Americans favor legalizing marijuana. The other 30% are high on bath salts.
Michele Bachmann is on the House Intelligence Committee. Not surprisingly, her husband Marcus is on the House Heterosexual Committee.
It's been almost a year since Dick Cheney got a new heart. The heart survived but Cheney continues to be brain dead.
Fox News hires Herman Cain after Christopher Dorner becomes unavailable. #FoxNews
I will donate $5 million to charity if Donald Trump will disclose what that thing is on his head. #trump
Herman Cain hired by Fox News. I need to get HDTV because his head is too big for regular TV.
Herman Cain joins Fox News after being passed over for Pope.
The Pope is retiring. He's looking for a small apartment in Reseda.
If you wait until the day after Valentine's Day, you can get your card for 50% off.
Marco Rubio was doing a parody of Saturday Night Live. #waterbottlegate
John Boehner said Obama "doesn't have the guts to make the tough decisions". At that moment, he could hear a drone hovering overhead.
Marco Rubio will be remembered more for his awkward water break than for the fact that he wet his pants. #SOTUresponse
Marco Rubio isn't finished, he just went out to get a beer. #SOTUresponse
GOP congressman invites Ted Nugent to State of the Union after Jerry Sandusky becomes unavailable. #SOTU
Ted Nugent invited to attend the State of the Union along with all the other mentally ill Republicans. #SOTU
The Pope agreed to resign when he was told he could keep the funny hat.
Best Spoken Word nominee Bill Clinton couldn't make it to the Grammys. Hillary wouldn't let him anywhere near Taylor Swift. #Grammys
Mumford's sons plan to start a band of their own.
My New Year's resolution: I plan to stop procrastinating.
Michele Bachmann retains her seat on the House Intelligence Committee, despite being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
In an attempt to broaden Republican Party's appeal to minorities, Marco Rubio will deliver GOP response to State of the Union in Ebonics.
Donald Trump's hair flies off in storm.
Boy Scout officials delay vote on lifting ban on gays while they watch the first three seasons of Glee on DVD.
Fox News is being investigated by the FCC for its use of the word 'news'.
Geraldo Rivera announces he might run for Senate, unaware there are no senators on Mars.
The White House responds to the Obama skeet shooting controversy, saying no skeets were injured.
The Super Bowl power outage is under investigation. Republicans are blaming Hillary Clinton.
Twitter was hacked, causing an unusual amount of intelligent discourse and real news items to be posted.
Burger King admits selling burgers containing horsemeat in England. It doesn't affect their burgers in U.S. because they don't contain meat.
After interviewing Dick Cheney about gun safety, Fox News hires Cheney as Chief Irony Correspondent. #FoxNews
Fox News interviews Dick Cheney on gun safety: "When I go hunting, I only shoot at lawyers"
I was horrified to find out Chris Brown got into a fight with Frank Ocean. Isn't that why we have guns? #NRA
Chris Brown to fight Anne Hathaway on pay-per-view.
The NRA boasts a 98% approval rating from its members. The KKK only has a 96% approval rating from its members. #NRA #KKK
Outstanding performance by an ensemble in a comedy series: Congress. #SAGawards
The Syfy Channel hires Sarah Palin as foreign affairs correspondent.
Sarah Palin and Fox News part ways. "We wish her the best," said a Fox spokesman as Palin was escorted from the building by security.
The House Intelligence Committee is being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
Fox News hires Manti Te'o as its social media correspondent. #FoxNews
Benghazi is the "worst tragedy since 9/11" said Rand Paul after being in a coma for over 10 years.
Beyonce lip-synced National Anthem, so today she sang the constitutionally mandated out of tune version in a small ceremony at White House.
Fox News declares Obama winner
The NRA calls for an armed guard at the Inauguration.
For Gun Appreciation Day I took my gun to Applebee's.
Five injured by shootings at gun shows. If only there were more guns. #GunAppreciationDay
Lance Armstrong: "I swear on my right testicle"
Lance Armstrong hired to do the voice of Elmo
4.3 million viewers tune in to Lance Armstrong's interview with Oprah on OWN, while 10 million are still trying to find the channel. #OWN
Lance Armstrong apologizes for getting caught. #OWN
Obama has caved in to pressure from the NRA. His daughters are no longer protected by Secret Service and are now carrying assault rifles.
Obama does not have enough diversity in his cabinet, according to people who don't know he's black.
The NRA calls Obama a "hypocrite" because Secret Service guards his daughters. Apparently the NRA doesn't know what Obama does for a living.
The NRA wants to ban kids.
No matter how much Lance Armstrong apologizes, he's not getting his ball back.
If 6-year-olds were allowed to have guns, the Sandy Hook massacre would have turned out much differently. #NRA
The NRA blames the media and video games for gun violence. If you see Rachel Maddow carrying a video game, report her immediately. #NRA
Michele Bachmann is on the House Intelligence Committee. The committee has been unable to find a link between politics and intelligence.
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released. #FoxNews
My New Year's resolution: I plan to stop procrastinating soon.
The 2nd amendment protects our right to go hunting with an assault rifle and a kevlar vest.
Michele Bachman is on the House Intelligence Committee. Not surprisingly, her husband Marcus is on the House Heterosexual Committee.
Racist black guy: "Obama's cabinet nominees all look alike"
Obama and his new cabinet are starting to look like Hootie &amp; the Blowfish.
If they ban assault weapons, how am I supposed to go duck hunting?
Obama nominates John McCain for Secretary of Nonsense
The 113th Congress has an approval rating of 9%. That's 9% higher than the outgoing 112th Congress.
We need to keep the mentally ill from getting guns or serving in Congress.
People think John Boehner cries a lot. He really has an allergy to orange spray tan.
Pelosi launches investigation into the pronunciation of Boehner
Obama phoned Boehner to congratulate him on being re-elected Speaker of the House. That's the last time they'll talk this year.
Fox News claimed Hillary Clinton faked a concussion, so she got a blood clot in her brain just to mess with them. #FoxNews
Congress would have come to an agreement sooner, but they're not used to working. #FiscalCliff
This New Year's Eve, party like it's 1929. #FiscalCliff
Obama orders a pay raise for Congress, proving that Obama and Congress can come to an agreement on something.
The House Ethics Committee and the Congressional Leadership Committee are being investigated by the House Oxymoron Committee.
After Plan B fails, John Boehner is in top secret meetings to come up with a name for the next plan. #PlanB #Beohner #FiscalCliff
Congress has an approval rating of 11%, or as John Boehner calls it, a mandate.
I've got a  video game and I'm not afraid to use it. #NRA
In the interest of public safety, Santa Claus will be carrying a gun. #NRA
We can get rid of the Secret Service by giving Obama a gun. #NRA
Out of respect for the Newtown victims, the NRA waited a week before spewing nonsense about the need for more guns. http://t.co/IsXiFurs
NRA blames video games, movies, music videos, the NHL, 'Glee', MSNBC, Bozo the Clown, Comedy Central, Elmo, and high fructose corn syrup.
The end of the world varies according to your time zone, so everyone please be patient.
The end of the world will be broadcast live without commercial interruption. Check your local listings.
I'll be missing the end of the world Friday, but I'm going to DVR it.
Time Magazine announces "Douchebag of the Year": Mitt Romney
End of the world party at my house. $50,000 cover charge.
Our Founding Fathers didn't foresee assault rifles and Honey Boo Boo.
It's important to teach your children how to use an assault weapon correctly.
Fox News blames the school shooting on video games, so if you see anyone carrying a video game, report them immediately. #FoxNews
"Blaming guns for murder is like blaming forks for obesity," says Rush Limbaugh, who likes to eat with his hands.
End of the world party at my house. Bring your own guns.
Mitt Romney explains why Hanukkah is eight days: "That way the Jews get more gifts"
Sarah Palin wishes everyone Happy Hanukah, commemorating Paul Revere's ride to Jerusalem warning that the cost of oil was going up in 8 days
The end of the world is scheduled for December 21st. On the plus side, I don't have to do any Christmas shopping.
Americans now give Congress an 87% disapproval rating, meaning 13% of Americans are nuts.
Clint Eastwood is directing a new movie about Abe Lincoln's chair.
Congress has an approval rating of 13%, or as John Boehner calls it, a mandate.
The Twitter account for Fox News was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released. #FoxNews
Hell freezes over after Republicans are asked to compromise.
I just got back from the hospital after having my hashtag removed.
Obama gave Romney a tour of the White House, after which Romney said he was interested in buying it.
Former Sen. Bob Dole is recovering after being dead for 10 years.
Jon Cryer to star in 'Man'
Charlie Sheen and Angus T. Jones to star in a new sitcom: 'One and a Half Mad Men'
In the sequel to 'Liz &amp; Dick', Lindsay Lohan will play Elizabeth Taylor rolling over in her grave.
Movie Trivia: Lindsay Lohan was first choice to play Lincoln's wife. #LincolnMovie
I'm not watching 'Liz and Dick' but I hear Lindsay Lohan is excellent as Dick.
Law &amp; Order: Sesame Street
Mitt Romney doesn't shop on Black Friday. He usually buys black people after the holidays.
Elmo to his puppeteer: "Get your hand out of my ass"
Sarah Palin wishes everyone a Happy Thanksgiving, the day in 1863 when the Pilgrims defeated Robert E. Lee in the Battle of Gettysburg.
Breaking News: Mitt Romney wipes his own ass following resignation of his Personal Ass Wipe Valet.
Romney continues his 'I'm Mitt Romney and I'm Here to Insult You' Farewell Tour.
The only thing with a longer shelf life than Twinkies is that thing on Donald Trump's head.
FDA approves generic Twinkies.
Investigation launched into correct spelling of Petraeus.
I heard Ding Dongs are going out of business and I thought it was Donald Trump and Rush Limbaugh.
Romney blames minorities, young people, Hurricane Sandy, Elmo, Bozo the Clown, the CIA, the cast of 'Glee', MSNBC and the Comedy Channel.
Mitt Romney will leave the national stage, but first he wants to make it clear that he's an old white racist douchebag. #romney #douchebag
Elmo cancels news conference because he lost his voice.
Romney loses thousands of friends on Facebook post election. He doesn't lose any friends in real life, however, because he doesn't have any.
Romney moves to California. His neighbors are black gay medical marijuana users, so he put his dog on his car and got out of there quick.
George W. Bush got more Mormon votes in 2004 than Mitt Romney, but Romney got more white supremacist votes. #election2012
CIA Director David Petraeus resigns because of extramarital affair, announces his candidacy for president in 2016. #CIA #petraeus
Mitt is at the bottom of the list of baby names, just below Newt and Mahmoud.
Breaking News: Donald Trump suffers brain damage due to static electricity in his hair.
Obama has eliminated Osama bin Laden, and now he has eliminated a bigger threat to national security, Mitt Romney. #election2012
After the long, hard fought campaign, Romney is taking a vacation to visit his money. #election2012
Romney loses! It's a bad day for racists, bigots and the mentally ill. #election2012
Tomorrow Mitt Romney will go back to the job better suited to his skills: figuring out ways to evade taxes. #election2012
Mitt Romney's campaign catchphrase: "Take America Back". Tomorrow the KKK gets it's slogan back. #election2012
Donald Trump voted today, and then took his hair to the dry cleaners.
Mormons don't drink coffee, so to stay up on election eve Romney will be snorting coke.
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released. #FoxNews
Meat Loaf has endorsed Romney, but black Meat Loaf fans are still undecided.
The NYC marathon is canceled, but the midget tossing event will go on as scheduled.
Halloween's over and Donald Trump is still wearing that thing on his head.
Rush Limbaugh calls Chris Christie a "fat fool". When told he was describing himself, Limbaugh retracted his comments and committed suicide.
The Mitt Romney mask has two faces. #halloween
Out of respect for the hurricane victims, Romney has suspended his campaign so that he can pretend to be interested in their problems.
Donald Trump's hair flies off in hurricane.
The KKK withdraws its endorsement of Romney because he's too offensive.
As Hurricane Sandy threatens the east coast, Donald Trump stocks up on velcro for his hair. #trump #hurricane
I will donate $5 million to charity if Donald Trump will disclose what that thing is on his head. #trump
Obama's stategy was to lose the 1st debate just to mess with Romney's head. #debate
Romney: "As president, I will make sure we have more drones than we had in 1917" #debate
CBS poll: 53% of undecided voters say Obama won, 23% Romney, 24% committed suicide. #debate
Mitt Romney is holding his debate after party at Chuck E. Cheese. #debate
Fox News and the Syfy Channel declare Romney winner #debate
Moderator Bob Schieffer is not expected to survive tonight's debate.
Fox News declares Romney winner of 3nd presidential debate. When told it hadn't occurred yet, a Fox spokesman said “This is Fox News, dude”
Romney's five point plan: 1. Come up with plan, 2 to 5. Call it a five point plan.
The last presidential debate will focus on foreign policy. Romney's money has more foreign policy experience than he does. #debate
Breaking News: Woman Escapes From Binder #bindersfullofwomen #Romney #debate
Romney denies being condescending to debate moderator Candy Crowley, but says “I didn't know women were allowed to be moderators” #debate
Mitt Romney has “binders full of women”. Tonight on Law &amp; Order: SVU #NBC #SVU #bindersfullofwomen
Republicans accuse moderator Candy Crowley of asking questions. #debate
The best way to watch the debate is to turn off the volume and watch the candidate who's not talking. #debate
So that both sides are represented at the town hall debate, the audience will include both Democrats and white racist homophobic idiots.
Fox News declares Romney winner of 2nd presidential debate. When told it hadn't occurred yet, a Fox spokesman said “We got the day wrong”
Obama is favored in town hall debate, where ordinary people will ask questions, because Romney has never met ordinary people. #debate
Fox News accuses Joe Biden of being drunk at VP debate, but they failed to report that Paul Ryan wasn't wearing any pants. #VPdebate
The KKK withdraws its endorsement of Romney because he exhibits a lack of character and is an  embarrassment to white racists everywhere.
Paul Ryan is like Sarah Palin only prettier. #gop #VP #ryan
Republicans accuse debate moderator Martha Raddatz of moderating. #debate #VPdebate
Obama is expected to do well in the next presidential debate now that he knows you can just make stuff up. #obama #romney #debate
Sarah Palin wishes everyone a Happy Columbus Day, the day in 1863 when Columbus defeated Robert E. Lee in the battle of Gettysburg.
Romney's first act as president will be to schedule more debates.
Unemployment falls to 7.8%, causing GOP conspiracy theory. Obama denies this but admits that the White House just hired 400,000 gardeners.
In preparation for the next debate on foreign policy, Romney will be picking up his money in person.
Debate moderator Jim Lehrer did extremely well considering he died 10 years ago. #debate
Last night's debate moderator, Jim Lehrer, has more time for debates now that he is no longer an NFL replacement ref.
Romney holds debate after party at Chuck E. Cheese
Fox News declares Romney winner of presidential debate. When told debate hasn't occurred yet, a Fox spokesman said “We got the time wrong”
In Obama's debate prep, SpongeBob SquarePants is standing in for Romney.
Obama is favored to win the the presidential debate because it plays to Romney's weakness ... talking. #debate
Fox News declares Romney the winner of first presidential debate. When told the debate hasn't occurred yet, a Fox spokesman said “so what”.
Fox News hires NFL replacement refs as national security correspondents. #FoxNews
The Fox News computers were hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released. #FoxNews
Madonna says she'll strip naked if Obama wins. Romney immediately sees his poll numbers go up, in what is now known as the 'Madonna bounce'.
Paul Ryan compares Obama to the NFL replacement refs. Obama compares Ryan to a pile of shit.
Republicans call Obama the "food stamp president". Romney wants to be the "I don't care if you starve president".
Myspace unveils the "new Myspace", which is the same as the old Myspace only newer..
Mitt Romney says he's afraid Obama will lie in the presidential debates. Romney's campaign manager says he's afraid Romney will talk.
The mystery of Mitt Romney's 'fake tan' on a Univision interview has been solved.  A Univision spokesman: "Everything about Romney is fake"
The first sign of trouble was when he discarded his real name for Mitt
Is this Mitt Romney or the return of Andy Kaufman?
Due to Mitt Romney's utter lack of sensitivity, the KKK has withdrawn its endorsement
Clint Eastwood was observed in a men's room talking to a urinal.
Mitt Romney is proving he's good at creating jobs ... for President Obama and his staff. #Obama2012
Romney isn't able to apologize for all the stupid things he's said because he just doesn't have the time.
Romney gets criticised for his lack of specificity. He said: "If you want specifics, go to my Wikipedia page"
Paul Ryan's Secret Service code name is 'Douchebag'
Obama leads among blacks, whites, Hispanics, Asians, Jews and gays. Romney leads among idiots,  racists, and rich old white people.
The Fox News poll showing Obama leading Romney, is being widely reported by news organizations, except for Fox News.
Romney retracts statements about Libya once he figures out where it is.
Bill Clinton agreed to campaign for Obama when he was told he was needed in the swing states.
Breaking News: New poll shows a black person is voting for Romney
Paul Ryan not only lied about the time of his marathon, it turns out he actually took a taxi.
Morons overwhelmingly support Mitt Romney because they can't spell Mormon.
Obama is the first black president. Romney wants to become the first president to own a car elevator.
Mitt Romney is targeting middle class voters, although he's never met any.
Obama: "You didnt elect me to tell you what you want to hear. You elected me to tell you the truth." Romney: "Elect me and I'll keep lying."
I'm Barack Obama and "Osama bin Laden is dead"
Bill Clinton's no Clint Eastwood
Romney says the Democratic convention is a "celebration of failure”. The GOP convention was a "celebration of stupidity and absurdity".
Mitt Romney wants to "take America back". The KKK wants its slogan back.
Clint Eastwood will be a surprise guest at the Democratic convention. Watch his hilarious interview with Osama bin Laden.
Romney's money has more foreign policy experience than he does.
Clint Eastwood has a movie coming out with no actors, just Justin Timberlake and a bunch of chairs.
Clint Eastwood is unavailable for comment because he's talking to his toilet.
Clint Eastwood did a good job at the GOP convention, considering he's been dead for 10 years.
"I'm Mitt Romney and I'm white"
Mitt Romney has 18 grandchildren. He calls most of them 'you people'.
Making fun of Chris Christie's size is childish and ignorant. He can't help it that he's an immense fat freak.
Rush Limbaugh comes up with Obama hurricane conspiracy theory. Limbaugh is an example of the dangers of being fat, stupid and on drugs.
Rush Limbaugh said Obama manipulated hurricane predictions to delay GOP convention, and that was before he took his oxycontin and viagra.
If Mitt Romney killed Osama bin Laden he'd still be alive.
Donald Trump's hair flies off when he gets off his plane in Tampa #tropicalstorm #isaac #trump
Fox News reveals identity of anonymous ex-Navy SEAL who wrote bin Laden raid book. Lucky for him, nobody believes anything said on Fox News.
Regarding his tax returns, Romney proves he has nothing to hide: "Trust me. I have nothing to hide"
Todd Akin made some really crazy, stupid and sexist comments. He's perfect for Fox News.
Romney on tax returns: "Trust me. I'm not hiding anything" ... Except your tax returns, moron.
Paul Ryan doesn't use a teleprompter. No wonder he doesn't make any sense.
After Joe Biden's series of gaffes, Obama said he's sticking with his running mate. Biden responded to Obama: "That's mighty white of you"
Romney's dog endorses Obama
Paul Ryan’s Medicare plan won’t affect you if you're over age 55, unless you have kids, grandkids, relatives and friends. #RyanPlan
Breaking News: Romney agrees to release 12 years of tax returns after Obama releases 12 years of birth certificates.
Mitt Romney's dog is in a support group for dogs smarter than their owners.
Ann Romney on tax returns her husband is hiding: ‘There’s nothing we’re hiding’
Biden continues to make gaffes, more commonly known as Biden talking.
John Boehner compared Paul Ryan to JFK. Ryan has more in common with SpongeBob SquarePants.
Paul Ryan drove the Oscar Meyer Wienermobile when he was in college, proving he was full of bologna before he got into politics.
Romney has no foreign policy experience, but Ryan balances out the ticket with no foreign policy experience #RomneyRyan2012
Mitt Romney bypasses Marco Rubio in favor of Paul Ryan, delighting racists everywhere #RomneyRyan2012 #VP
Mitt Romney picks Paul Ryan as his VP candidate, nailing down the white homophobic douchebag vote.
Fareed Zakaria suspended by Time and CNN for plagiarism. You don't see this kind of thing at Fox News because they just make everything up.
Americans now give Congress an 82% disapproval rating, meaning 18% of Americans are nuts.
Donald Trump's hair flies off when he attempts to board a helicopter
Romney says he will release 12 years of tax returns after Obama releases 12 years of birth certificates.
Clint Eastwood endorses Mitt Romney, which will help Romney win the elusive rich old white guy vote. #Romney #GOP #2012
Romney's money has more foreign policy experience than he does.
Walmart stores continue to get bomb threats. The bombs are cheap and poorly made, leading authorities to believe thay were sold at Walmart.
Snoop Dogg changes his name to Snoop Lion after Mitt Romney threatens to tie him to the roof of his car.
Mitt Romney complains that John Kerry's wife didn't release her tax returns. In a strategic move, Romney is now running for First Lady.
Chic-fil-A gets a public relations boost when millions of homophobic customers show up for 'Appreciation Day'.
For a company that hates gays, Chick-fil-A sure has a gay name.
Mitt Romney apologizes to all the countries he missed on his foreign tour, saying he'll insult them at a later date.
Romney angry Obama is not doing enough to protect us from the "Soviet Union". Obama angry Romney not doing enough to protect us from Romney.
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released. #FoxNews
Romney continues his 'I'm Mitt Romney and I'm Here to Insult You' world tour
Mitt Romney apologizes to Israel for wearing his yarmulke backwards #Romney #Israel #Election2012
Romney is getting lots of criticism for his gaffes, more commonly known as Romney talking.
Mitt Romney fires interpreter after making stupid gaffes in London.
Mitt Romney makes some big gaffes when talking about the London Olympics, but in his defense, he doesn't speak the language.
Ice-T calls Rush Limbaugh a "racist piece of shit". Limbaugh says he may be racist, but he's not a piece of shit.
Romney says Saddam Hussein may have had WMDs but hid them out of the country, much like Romney's money.
Romney says it was "entirely possible" that Saddam did have WMDs but shipped them away. It's also entirely possible that Romney is an idiot.
"Blaming guns for murder is like blaming forks for obesity," says Rush Limbaugh, who likes to eat with his hands.
Michele Bachman is on the House Intelligence Committee. Not surprisingly, her husband Marcus is on the House Heterosexual Committee.
A psychological profile should be mandatory in all gun purchases, which would prohibit potential mass murderers and members of Congress.
Guns don't kill people. Mentally unstable lunatics with guns do.
Ann Romney doesn't understand all the criticism for saying "you people" in an interview. After all, the reporter was black. #YouPeople
Mitt Romney will be carefully reviewing the tax documents of his VP nominee, because the last thing he wants is someone hiding something.
Rush Limbaugh is high on 'bath salts' and wants to eat Obama, which is bad for his cholesterol.
The problem with Mitt Romney releasing his tax returns: His Etch-a-Sketch only holds one at a time.
John McCain, who spent 5 1/2 years as a POW in North Vietnam, commented on Obama's first term: "It's the worst thing I've ever observed".
Mitt Romney compains that John Kerry's wife didn't release her tax returns. In a strategic move, Romney is now running for First Lady.
Mitt Romney's money has more foreign policy experience than he does.
Obama accuses Romney of lying. Romney says that's the pot calling the kettle colored.
Romney gets booed at NAACP convention, but gets a polite smattering of applause at KKK meeting.
Romney speaks at NAACP convention: "Some of my friends own black people"
Rick Perry says Texas won't implement Obamacare. "It's cheaper to execute people"
Romney announces his 59 point jobs plan, although he has no idea what it is #GOP #Romney #jobs
Breaking News: Trayvon Martin's hoodie arrested as co-conspirator. Bail set at $29.95 #hoodie #Zimmerman #Geraldo
Donald Trump celebrates Independence Day by blowing up that thing on his head #July4th
Sarah Palin celebrates Independence Day, the day Paul Revere warned that the English were coming with fireworks, hot dogs and watermelon.
In breaking news, Anderson Cooper is gay. In other breaking news, Barack Obama is black.
First we had gay superheroes coming out of the closet. Now they're getting married. The next thing you know they'll want healthcare.
Republicans prefer the the method of healthcare used in Syria. It's cheaper to just shoot everybody #Obamacare #GOP #Syria
SCOTUS upholds Obamacare, a victory for everyone with an inflamed SCOTUS.
The U.S. government is stockpiling episodes of Bristol Palin's reality show to be used as an alternative to waterboarding.
New poll shows 60% say Obama inherited the current economic conditions, meaning 40% are just plain nuts.
HBO's pilot episode of 'The Newsroom' makes me want more ... of Showtime's 'Weeds'
The new HBO series 'The Newsroom' is fiction, just like Fox News
After IHOP says they put a "splash" of pancake batter in their omelettes, McDonald's says they put a splash of meat.in their hamburgers.
I'm high on bath salts. Those Jehovah's Witnesses sure look tasty.
It turns out Hosni Mubarak was suffering from an erection lasting more than four hours.
Yes, the rumors are true! Hosni Mubarak will be playing Hannah's boyfriend on 'Girls' #HBO #Mubarak
Roger Clemens is found not guilty of perjury over steroid use, but there will be an asterisk next to his world record smallest testicles.
Forget about Osama bin Laden. It's been six years since Dick Cheney shot somebody.
RT @TrigonRecords: On an upcoming episode of 'Glee', Kurt has sex with Lindsay Lohan, only to discover later that she's his mother #glee ...
Obama: "Last year we finally delivered justice to our world's most notorious individual,"  Donald Trump - 1 year ago: http://t.co/PT4pBEK6
I'm not on Facebook, meaning I have no friends #Facebook #Twitter
RT @laloalcaraz: Dick Cheney for VP 2012: Tanned, Rested and Transplanted
RT @TrigonRecords: Justin Timberlake bought MySpace, making him one step closer to being irrelevant. Luckily he's in that Facebook movie ...
RT @CharlesMBlow: You can waste a whole lifetime running away from the person you were meant to be towards the person others want you to be.
Since I have no time to tweet, I've decided to twat.
RT @TrigonRecords: Geraldo Rivera has turned down our offer to be president of our hoodie division #TR #hoodie #Geraldo #FoxNews
In my absence, I've been working on 'East Wing', screenplay about a Secret Service agent who ends up in the East Wing of a mental hospital.
Facebook Addiction Disorder is a time wasting addiction. MySpace Addiction Disorder is a mental illness. #FAD #MAD
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released. #FoxNews
In an April Fool's Day prank that goes horribly wrong, the Unibomber sends Geraldo Rivera a package filled with hoodies #FoxNews #AprilFools
Dirk Diggler endorses Santorum #BoogieNights
President is above Romney's pay grade
You have better odds being elected President of the United States than you do winning the mega millions lottery, unless you're Mitt Romney.
SAG and AFTRA merge, forming SAG-AFTRA: American Federation of Screen Actors and Television and Radio Artists and Dancers Guild #SAGAFTRA
Current TV fires Keith Olbermann, although most people won't know this because they had no idea that Current actually had a TV station.
George Zimmerman caught on video, making him eligible for SAG-AFTRA #TrayvonMartin #SAGAFTRA
McDonald's discontinues hamburgers made from ammonia treated 'Pink Slime'. Horse shit sterilized by boiling is cheaper #pinkslime #horseshit
"The heart wants what the heart wants": Dick Cheney, explaining his sudden infatuation with Clay Aiken.
Jeb Bush and George H.W. Bush endorse Romney. George W. Bush endorses Bob Dole. #GOPprimary
George H.W. Bush endorses Mitt Romney. "I'm glad it wasn't the stupid Bush," Romney said. #GOPprimary
I joined the Neighborhood Watch so I can get free target practice
#Florida 'Stand Your Ground' defense: 210 pound George Zimmerman kills 140 pound Trayvon Martin. Zimmerman had a gun. Trayvon had a hoodie.
Bobby Brown arrested for being Bobby Brown
Dick Cheney rejects his heart when he finds himself attracted to Ryan Seacrest
Madmen back on TV? I thought the GOP debates were over. #GOPprimary #Madmen
Staff Sgt. Robert Bales indicted on 17 counts of murder in Afghanistan. As a defense, he's claiming he thought he was in Florida.
Man who donated heart to Dick Cheney wants it back
In tragic news, Dick Cheney is recovering from heart surgery and is expected to live.
Heart Cheney gets a dick transplant
Dick Cheney is recovering after being attacked by a hoodie #Geraldo #FoxNews #hoodie
The Unibomber was scary, unstable, had bad hygiene and wore a hoodie, just like Geraldo Rivera - except Geraldo doesn't wear a hoodie.
Unibomber: "Geraldo Rivera is a horrible despicable racist for his insensitive hoodie comments" #Geraldo #FoxNews #hoodie
Geraldo Rivera makes stupid racist comments on Fox News, where stupid racist comments are encouraged #FoxNews #Geraldo #hoodie
Blacks are advised not to wear hoodies. Jews are advised not to wear their yarmulkes backwards #Geraldo #FoxNews #hoodie
GOP must choose between douchebag and idiot ... Douchebag winning http://t.co/83cx0gyK #GOPprimary
Geraldo Rivera says blacks and Hispanics should not wear hoodies. The Unibomber is outraged #FoxNews #Geraldo #hoodie
My hoodie just requested a lawyer #Geraldo #FoxNews #hoodie
Geraldo Rivera says boy is killed because he wore a hoodie. In Geraldo's defense, he works for Fox News.
Mitt Romney earlier today released a statement about the Etch-A-Sketch controversy, but it was erased when someone drew over it #GOPprimary
In order to avoid the appearance of impropriety, Mitt Romney sells his shares of Etch-A-Sketch #GOPprimary
God has second thoughts about sending Tim Tebow to the Jets after screwing up so badly in politics #RickPerry #HermanCain #MicheleBachmann
Mitt Romney wins Illinois, but has to give it back when he realizes he can't keep it #GOPprimary
Breaking News: Mr. Potato Head schedules press conference after Etch-A-Sketch takes a lead in the polls #GOPprimary
In an effort to rehabilitate his image, John Edwards hires prostitutes
Tim Tebow has second thoughts about going to the Jets when he finds out Clay Aiken lives in New York
If it walks like a duck, looks like a moron, talks like an idiot, it must be Santorum #GOPprimary
"Only The Good Die Young": Billy Joel, age 62
Not to be outdone by Romney being compared to a child's toy, Santorum compares himself to a dildo #GOPprimary
Romney releases statement on Etch-A-Sketch gaffe, but someone drew over it #GOP #Romney #gaffe
New poll shows Romney leading among 3 to 8 year olds after being compared to an Etch-A-Sketch #GOPprimary
Romney advisor campares him to an Etch-A-Sketch. I say he's more like a pet rock #GOPprimary
Jeb Bush endorses Mitt Romney. "I'm glad it wasn't the stupid Bush," Romney said. #GOPprimary
Romney comments on the separation of church and state: "I have good friends who own churches and states and they like to keep them separate"
Santorum wants to ban porn, but Romney says he's still researching the subject #GOPprimary
Romney says young people should vote for him: "Some of my friends own young people"
Santorum loses Puerto Rico after threatening to ban Spanish subtitles on pornography #GOPprimary
Romney wins in Puerto Rico and is now campaigning in Cuba #GOPprimary
Sarah Palin wishes everyone Happy St. Patrick's Day, commemorating the ride of Paul Revere warning the Irish that leprechauns aren't real.
Mormons don't drink, but Romney's drunk on his own Kool-Aid #StPatricksDay
As Romney slogs toward the GOP nomination, the party of Rush Limbaugh wants to throw up http://t.co/83cx0gyK
Breaking News: Andrew Breitbart is still dead
Santorum is gaining popularity in Puerto Rico by promising to kick all the Mexicans out #GOPprimary
Santorum says he wants to ban porn, alienating his core constituency: creepy old white men who wear sweater vests #GOPprimary
Romney Makes Gaffes: Obama Has Last Laughs http://t.co/83cx0gyK
Rick Santorum wants all Puerto Ricans to speak English and all black people to speak white #GOPprimary
Santorum says college is for 'snobs', JFK makes him 'throw up', discusses 'man on dog' sex. No wonder he keeps winning http://t.co/83cx0gyK
Romney wins Hawaii and American Samoa after promising to kick all the Mexicans out #GOPprimary
Ron Paul is turned down for Secret Service protection because they thought he was already dead #RonPaul2012
Santorum says he's the only candidate with experience as commander in chief, causing him to surge in polls among voters who are idiots #GOP
Santorum: “Tell that to a plant, how dangerous carbon dioxide is." He was also seen talking to a sheep about the dangers of sex.
Romney: "I don't know much about the South but I favor a tax break for slave owners" #Romney2012
Romney: "I don't know much about the South but I have friends who own Southern states" #Romney2012
HBO movie #GameChange criticized for having Julianne Moore say stupid things Sarah Palin actually said
I'm at North By Southwest. Am I the only one still using MapQuest? #SXSW
Stupid people object to portrayal of Sarah Palin in HBO movie #GameChange. A spokesman said "Nobody can be that stupid"
Sarah Palin movie #GameChange criticized for giving mentally ill people a bad name
To prepare for her role in #GameChange, Julianne Moore had sex with Glen Rice
TV premiere of Sarah Palin documentary 'The Undefeated' is canceled after it is discovered that Palin was actually defeated.
Mitt Romney wins in Guam by promising to kick all the Mexicans out #GuamCaucus
Celebrating International Idiot's Day, Sarah Palin says Obama is 'taking us back to before the Civil War' #InternationalIdiotsDay
Rush Limbaugh is an example of why we should make prescription drugs illegal and just smoke weed.
Mitt Romney refuses to comment on the Rush Limbaugh controversy, not wanting to offend sluts, who make up 39% of Republican voters.
The Olsen twins announce they are quitting acting, resulting in serious questions as to what constitutes acting.
Republicans follow Super Tuesday with Stupid Wednesday, Idiotic Thursday and Lunatic Friday #SuperTuesday
Mitt Romney wins with 75% in Massachusetts, despite ruining their lives with that crazy healthcare plan #SuperTuesday
Newt Gingrich promises to lower gas prices to $2.50 and to stop global warming by ordering more snow
Newt Gingrich is expected to do well in the swing states, but don't tell his wife. #SuperTuesday
Rush Limbaugh apologizes to prostitutes for comparing them to law students
Newt Gingrich requests Secret Service protection but is turned down when a cost benefit analysis determines he's not worth it.
Rick Santorum requests Secret Service protection after a bullet hole is found in his condom
Bill O'Reilly defends Rush Limbaugh. Newt Gingrich defends sluts and prostitutes.
The KKK renounces Rush Limbaugh, saying he gives bigots and sociopaths a bad name
Rush Limbaugh apologizes after calling a law student a "slut" and a "prostitute", saying he didn't mean to offend prostitutes.
The American Nazi Party pulls advertising from the Rush Limbaugh show
Bomb squad called to Rush Limbaugh's house to defuse his head
Kim Jong Un agreed to halt nuclear testing in exchange for 240,000 tons of food. He finished the food and now he wants more.
Andrew Breitbart dies after a long battle with hypocrisy
Romney says he has a gun. Santorum says he doesn't have a gun, he's just happy to see you.
Romney says he wants to send Obama "back home where he belongs." Romney was referring to his plantation.
I've successfully predicted the winner of every GOP primary so far: a white stupid racist homophobic douchebag nutjob #MIprimary #AZprimary
Ron Paul requests Secret Service protection but is turned down because they thought he was already dead.
Rick Santorum requests Secret Service protection after his manhood is threatened.
Rick Santorum calls Obama a snob and compares him to Hitler. Santoum apologizes for calling Obama a snob.
For those of you unfamiliar with Billy Crystal, he used to be a comedian #Oscars
Nick Nolte and Christopher Plummer are competing for 'In Memorium' #Oscars
Mitt Romney shows up to the #Oscars as the statue
"It's an honor just being nominated": Rick Perry #Oscars
Best performance by a creepy racist homophobic douchebag: Rick Santorum #Oscars
I don't care who wins the #Oscars, as long as it's not Romney
Santorum calls Obama a 'snob' for wanting everyone to go to college. Santorum went to college and majored in irony and minored in hypocrisy.
Syfy Channel picks up GOP debates for next season's TV schedule. Check your local listings.
Jeb Bush accuses GOP candidates of "fear mongering." GOP candidates accuse Jeb Bush of being related to George Bush.
The Republican candidates continue to criticize Obama for not catching Osama bin Laden's smarter older brother Jeb.
The attorney general advises the CIA to stop using tapes of GOP debates to torture terrorist suspects.
The winner of the GOP debate is anyone who didn't watch #CNNdebate
CNN is airing a repeat of tonight's GOP debate at 11 pm, giving Mitt Romney enough time to buy air time to change his positions #CNNdebate
The GOP debate is getting such high ratings it's been picked up by Comedy Central for next fall's TV season #CNNdebate
If you missed any part of tonight's GOP debate, reruns will air on the Cartoon Network. Check your local listings #CNNdebate
TV premiere of Sarah Palin movie 'The Undefeated' is canceled after it is discovered that Palin was actually defeated.
Santorum calls Obama a Muslim and compares him to Hitler, but stops short of calling Hitler a Muslim. #santorumsnuts
ESPN writer apologizes for racist headline about Jeremy Lin, saying he thought he was working for Fox News.
Little known presidential fact: Bill Clinton was the first president to wear kevlar condoms #PresidentsDay
The Republican candidates are celebrating 'Guys Who Will Never Be Presidents Day' #GOP #PresidentsDay
Republicans call Obama's budget plan a "roadmap to Greece," which leads to the question: What road leads to Greece?
I donated all my sweater vests to a homeless homophobe shelter #Santorum #sweatervest
The GOP candidates will spend future President's Day holidays reminiscing about how stupid they were to think they could be President
Fox News aired the Whitney Houston funeral and then went back to making stuff up.
Whitney Houston's family requests that you respect their privacy by watching her funeral live on national TV
Mentally unstable man wearing suspicious vest arrested near US Capitol. Rick Santorum has refused to comment.
R.I.P. Donald Trump's hair
The lead singer of Megadeth endorses Santorum. The lead singer of Milli Vanilli endorses Romney.
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released.
@RepAlbis The irony is that Fox News has the word 'news' in it
CNN cancels GOP debate after Romney, Paul and Santorum drop out, saying a news channel is not an appropriate place to hold a GOP debate
Santorum requests Secret Service protection after bullet hole found in his condom
Santorum is a good example of the need for birth control
If you wait until the day after Valentine's Day, you can get your card for 50% off.
Newt Gingrich is doing well in the swing states, but don't tell his wife.
I don't care who wins the #Grammys as long as it's not Romney
"Only The Good Die Young" - Billy Joel, age 62
Romney calls himself "severely conservative." His doctor has downgraded him to critical condition and he's not expected to recover. #CPAC
Gingrich calls Obama "the most radical President in American history."  That was after calling Justin Bieber "the most radical musician."
Santorum has Google problem. Romney has Santorum problem.
Twitter changes formats more than Donald Trump dry cleans his hair
Romney changes positions more than Twitter changes formats
I've successfully predicted every GOP primary so far: White Stupid Racist Homophobic Douchebag Wins
Tim Tebow says he plans to go into politics, meaning God is running out of people to ask #tebow
GOP Primary Preview: Idiot Mormon leads fat moron while stupid homophobic sweater vest guy brings up the rear with Ron Paul #GOPprimary
Colorado is considered a swing state, so Gingrich should do well there, as long as he doesn't tell his wife #colorado #caucus
Romney changes positions more than his underwear
Congratulations to Betty White for an amazing halftime performance. She sure looks good for 90 #SuperBowl
I turned on the Madonna concert. I can't tell which one is Madonna because they're all wearing helmets. #SuperBowl
Romney taken out of context. He actually said "I'm not concerned with the very poor ... gas mileage on my limo".
Donald Trump will be making stupid announcements and saying idiotic things until the premiere of Celebrity Apprentice Feb. 19 #TrumpRomney
Donald Trump shows his support for Newt Gingrich by endorsing Mitt Romney
Black History Month just doesn't have the same ring to it as January's White Stupid Racist Homophobic Douchebag Politician Month
Romney: "I'm not concerned with the very poor" comment taken out of context. To him, anybody making less than $2 million a year is very poor
Happy Black History Month, or as Newt Gingrich calls it: February
Exit polls show that 87% of Florida voters just have to take a piss #FLprimary
Florida voters flock to polls in record numbers to vote for a white stupid racist homophobic douchebag #FLprimary
Snoop Dogg endorses Ron Paul. Obama's dog endorses Newt Gingrich #obama2012 #ronpaul2012 #FLPrimary
Beavis and Butthead Do Florida #gingrich #romney #FLprimary
Outstanding performance by an ensemble in a comedy series: "GOP Debates" #SAGawards
I don't care who wins tonight's Screen Actors Guild Awards, as long as it's not Romney #SAG #notromney
Psychiatrists change diagnoses of Newt Gingrich from "just plain nuts" to "batshit crazy" #newtonthemoon #spacecadet
Gingrich to make Herman Cain U.S. ambassador to the moon
Herman Cain endorses Newt Gingrich for president at event in West Palm Beach, Florida. There goes the neighborhood. #FLPrimary
The liberal biased media misquotes Gingrich saying "I want to colonize the moon". He actually said "I'm getting a colonoscopy at noon".
Gingrich calls off plans to colonize the moon, now that his wife found out about it.
GOP debate highlights: Fat moron argues with idiot Mormon while creepy homophobic sweater vest dude and crazy old guy look on #CNNdebate
Question: How would religion affect your presidency? Romney: "What do I care? I've got more money than God." #CNNdebate
Wolf Blitzer to Newt Gingrich: "Who would make the best first lady? Your wife, or your mistress?" #CNNdebate
I just can't take Rick Santorum seriously when he's not wearing a sweater vest #CNNdebate #FLdebate
Wolf Blitzer to Ron Paul: "You're 76 years old. Are you willing to release your medical records to prove you're actually alive?" #CNNdebate
Ron Paul stunned when he's asked a question. He didn't realize he had any lines #CNNdebate #FLdebate
Romney: "I'm the most racist candidate"- Gingrich: "No, I am" #CNNdebate
Gingrich to discuss plans to put a fence on the moon to keep Mexicans out
#GOPdebate preview: Fat moron will argue with idiot Mormon while homophobic sweater vest dude and crazy old guy look on #CNNdebate #FLdebate
Podiums for Rick Santorum and Ron Paul have been set up in the men's room at #CNNdebate
Does anybody know what channel the CNN debates are on? #CNN #CNNdebates #WolfBlitzerCNN #CableNewsNetwork @CNN
Preparing for tonight's #CNNdebate, workers are setting up podiums in the parking lot for Ron Paul and Rick Santorum #FLdebate
Obama responds to critics of his economic policies: "Did I tell you I killed Osama bin Laden?"
The liberal biased media misquotes Romney saying "Banks are people too". He actually said "Blacks are people too" #maddow
Newt Gingrich pledges to colonize the moon by 2020, according to his choice for head of NASA, Gary Busey
Gingrich gets confused and supports Warren Buffett tax plan, confusing it with Home Town Buffet
Gingrich pledges to colonize the moon by his second term. Psychiatrists change their diagnoses from "grandiose" to "just plain nuts"
Newt Gingrich denies charges of racism, saying he has nothing against black people... They just shouldn't be allowed to be president.
Mitt Romney thought class warfare was when he shot spit wads in third grade
Apparently Beavis and Butthead were unavailable to give the Republican response to the State of the Union Address #SOTU #beavisandbutthead
Gov. Mitch Daniels gives Republican rebuttal to #SOTU broadcast live from Chuck E. Cheese
Republicans refuse to applaud Obama's idea of America being back, thinking he said black #SOTU
What kind of debate is this? The black guy won't let the other guys talk #SOTU
Obama is coming up with some good ideas, but most in Congress are too stupid to understand what he's saying #SOTU
That's no pumpkin- That's John Boehner #SOTU
I don't understand why Obama delivers his #SOTU speech to Congress. I would prefer if he delivered it to people who understand politics.
The Oscar nominations were announced today. I don't care who wins, as long as it's not Romney #notromney
Warning: Don't try to adjust the color on your television. Yes, John Boehner is really orange #SOTU
Obama favored to win tonight's Democratic debate #SOTU
Breaking News: After Romney suggests "self-deportation" in GOP debate, millions of people self-deport, causing a massive power outage.
The winners of tonight's GOP debate: Viewers on the West Coast, who didn't have to watch it live and are advised to skip it #NBCdebate
Spoiler alert for West Coast: Fat moron disagrees with idiot Mormon while homophobic sweater vest dude and crazy old guy look on #NBCdebate
The debates have been so successful, the GOP has added 10 more before next weeks Florida primary #NBCdebate #FLDebate #FLPrimary
It's a tie between the fat moron and the idiot Mormon, just ahead of the homophobic sweater vest guy and the creepy old guy #NBCdebate
Halfway through the debate, workers began removing the podiums of Rick Santorum and Ron Paul #NBCdebate #FLDebate
The debate took a sudden turn, beginning to look like a KKK recruitment event #NBCdebate #FLDebate
Viewers on the West Coast are missing the GOP debate live, just like Rick Santorum and Ron Paul #NBCdebate #FLDebate
Romney gets applause saying he'd be happy if Castro was dead. Castro gets bigger applause saying he'd be happy if Romney was dead #NBCdebate
Rick Santorum and Ron Paul are debating in the men's room #NBCdebate #FLdebate
The Supreme Court needs to redefine the definition of torture #NBCdebate #FLdebate
Brian William's catches Santorum by surprise when he asks him a question. Santorum didn't know he had any lines #FLDebate #NBCdebate
Newt Gingrich is running late for tonight's #NBCdebate because he got his head stuck in the metal detector #FLDebate
Rick Santorum responds to the charges that he's a homophobic racist douchebag, saying he objects to the term douchebag #santorumisadouchebag
If you have to ask what channel tonight's NBC debate is on, you really shouldn't be allowed to vote #NBCdebate
Starbucks to start selling beer and wine with their coffee, because nothing goes better with coffee than beer and wine #starbucks
I find it hilarious that nobody can figure out what channel tonight's NBC debate is on
Tonight's #GOPdebate lineup: An idiot Mormon, a fat moron, a racist homophobic nutcase with a Google problem, and a crazy old guy #NBCdebate
GOP debates have been so successful they've been picked up for next season #NBCdebate #CNNdebate #FOXdebate #ABCdebate #CartoonNetworkDebate
Newt Gingrich wants open marriage. Ron Paul wants open casket.
South Carolina attorney general claims voter fraud as 953 dead people vote in primary. They voted overwhelmingly for Ron Paul. #SCPrimary
Newt Gingrich about to give his victory speech at Chuck E. Cheese #SCPrimary
Gingrich projected to win pie-eating contest #SCPrimary
The fat moron has beat the idiot Mormon #scprimary
Romney refuses to release his tax returns because he's having an affair with his gay accountant
Mitt Romney downgraded from Mormon to moron
Exit polls in South Carolina show Ron Paul leading among young people 18-49 and dead people #SCprimary
GOP candidates vie for the Mexican vote in SC primary. The Mexican says he's not voting for any of them #SCprimary #GOP
Mitt and Newt are getting lower on the list of boy's names, but are still ahead of Adolph
Expect Rick Perry to announce he's running for vice president
The debates have been such a success, the GOP has scheduled 12 more before tomorrow's primary #SCprimary
If you missed any part of tonight's GOP debate, reruns will air on the Cartoon Network. Check your local listings #CNNdebate
GOP debate afterparty at Chuck E. Cheese #CNNdebate
Romney supports "legal immigration". He just hates Mexicans #CNNdebate
Gingrich just lost the Mexican vote in the South Carolina primary. The Mexican will now have to vote for someone else. #CNNdebate #SCprimary
Santorum says tax returns are on his computer. He'll put them out when he gets home. Nobody told him South Carolina has computers #CNNdebate
Welcome to tonight's epidsode of 'Stupid Answers to Stupid Questions' #CNNdebate
Gingrich's comments about when he was House Republican Whip were in no way to be confused with the whip he uses around the house #CNNdebate
Racist comments from GOP candidates are not any more acceptable when it's not Martin Luther King Day #CNNdebate #GOPdebate #SCdebate
The Southern Republican Presidential Debate, also known as The White Racist Old People Debate #SCdebate #CNNdebate #GOPdebate
Newt Gingrich runs late for tonight's #GOPdebate when he gets his head stuck in the metal detector
Workers at #CNN are hauling away the extra podium set up for Rick Perry for tonight's #GOPdebate. But first they must haul away Rick Perry.
"I believe the American pie is limitless"- Chris Christie, Mayor of Home Town Buffet
Todd Palin endorses Gingrich, followed by Rick Perry. Expect an announcement from Beavis and Butthead #scprimary #GOP #beavisandbutthead
Rick Perry drops out of GOP race and endorses Gingrich. God works in mysterious ways.
Romney says $374K in speaking fees is "not very much". How can he run the country when he's so lame he can only earn $374K in speaking fees.
When I heard Wikipedia went black, I assumed it would be specializing in hip hop
Imagine a world without free useless and incorrect information #SOPA #PIPA #wikipedia
Wikipedia is down, causing the library to crash #SOPA
New poll: Ron Paul in second place in GOP race, putting him in good position for 2016, when he'll most likely be dead #ronpaul2016
African American Fox News contributor Juan Williams, booed repeatedly at last night's #GOPdebate, is changing his affiliation to white
Mitt Romney admits he made $374,327 in speaking fees last year. Not bad for someone who doesn't know what he's talking about. #notromney
New poll shows 11% of Americans approve of job #Congress is doing, meaning 11% of Americans are nuts
Rick Perry is lost in the parking lot at #SCdebate
The winner of tonight's #GOPdebate: Juan Williams, for getting out of there alive #scdebate
Next #GOPdebate to be held at Chuck E. Cheese
I'm not a big fan of the NRA, but I feel like shooting my television #GOPdebate #scdebate
If you missed any part of the GOP debate, reruns will air on the Syfy Channel. Check your local listings #scdebate
I just can't take Sanorum seriously when he's not wearing a sweater vest #scdebate
Crowd turns on moderator Juan Williams, who should have stayed home on MLK Day instead of showing up to debate with a bunch morons #scdebate
Token black moderator accuses Gingrich of racism #scprimary
Token black moderator asks question as all-white audience boos #scdebate
With Herman Cain and Jon Huntsman now out of the GOP race, black Mormons favor Romney 2 to 1 #notromney #scprimary #GOP
Token black guy co-hosting GOP debate #MLK #scprimary #GOPdebate
Mel Gibson to moderate tonight's GOP debate #MLK #scdebate
When asked to comment on tonight's #GOPdebate and it's racist implications, Rick Perry said "I have no problem debating on Larry King Day"
No reputable news organization would host a GOP debate on Martin Luther King Day, which is why tonight's debate is on Fox News #scdebate
Jon Huntsman drops out of GOP race because he's not stupid enough #GOP #stupid #scprimary #Huntsman
The Golden Globes was quite diverse this year: Whites, blacks and oranges	#TildaSwinton #TheHelp #RobLowe #GoldenGlobes
Jon Huntsman expected to drop out of GOP race and endorse Mitt Romney. When asked to comment, Romney said he doesn't know who Huntsman is.
I don't care who wins the Golden Globes, as long as it's not Romney #GoldenGlobes #GOP #scprimary
It's inevitable that God will someday tell Tim Tebow to run for president #tebow #politics
According to #CDNews, "Ron Paul isn't dead yet", although you can't tell by looking at him
Ron Paul expected to announce "game changing" endorsement. No word yet, although Gary Busey has canceled his previous speaking engagements.
Breaking News: Mitt Romney's hair cracks after he bumps his head
New poll shows 56% of Mormons think America is ready for a Mormon president, but just 8% think America is ready for a president named Mitt.
Breaking News: Doctors announce that John Edwards has a life-threatening condition when they are unable to locate his heart.
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released.
In a landmark obscenity ruling, the Supreme Court has outlawed politicians wearing sweater vests
While his rivals rush to South Carolina to campaign, Rick Perry gets confused and shows up at the People's Choice Awards #scprimary
While his rivals rush to SC to campaign, Rick Perry gets confused and ends up on the campus of USC #scprimary
Supreme Court ruling on obscenity: The word 'Santorum' can't be used on TV unless it is preceded by 'Senator', 'GOP candidate', or 'asshole'
Marijuana does not cause lung damage, new study shows. Researchers aren't sure if the study shows other risks because they can't remember.
In head to head match-up between Romney and Obama, Romney has a bigger head #obama2012 #notromney
Huntsman declares victory. Huntsman declared nuts #nhprimary
I object to all this talk about Ron Paul being "eccentric". He's batshit crazy
Ron Paul places second in New Hampshire, putting him in good position for 2016, when he'll most likely be dead #nhprimary #ronpaul2016
With Herman Cain out of the race, the black vote in NH is up for grabs, but since there's only 1 black voter, nobody cares #nhprimary
In honor of Rick Perry's record of executing people, the state of Texas is changing it's motto to: "Live Free or Fry" #nhprimary
Without Herman Cain in the race, black people will be holding a 'Glee' viewing party tonight #nhprimary #nhblackpeople
Independents are voting for Ron Paul. Idiots are voting for Romney #nhprimary #paul2016 #romney2008
Todd Palin endorses Gingrich. Marcus Bachmann endorses Perry, because he likes his positions. In fact, he imagines him in various positions.
Todd Palin endorses Newt Gingrich after falling off his snowmobile and hitting his head #toddpalin #GOP #idiot
Rick Perry gets confused and campaigns in South Korea #scprimary
Kim Jong Un celebrated his birthday Sunday at Chuck E. Cheese
Rick Santorum is best known for his role as Dirk Diggler in 'Boogie Nights'
Perry's comments taken out of context: "We are going to take America back" was actually "We are going to take America back to the Stone Age"
Donald Trump falls off of his yacht but is rescued when he uses his hair as a flotation device
Rick Perry is lost in the parking lot at #NHDebate
Post-debate analysis continues on the Cartoon Network #GOPDebate #NHDebate
Rick Perry is still onstage at the GOP debate because nobody told him it was over #GOPDebate #NHDebate
Michele Bachmann wins #GOPDebate
Diane Sawyer was overheard saying to George Stephanopoulos, "Who is this other guy they hired to moderate this circus?" #GOPDebate #NHDebate
After the GOP debate in New Hampshire, the state has officially changed it's motto to "Live Free or Die Laughing" #GOPDebate #NHDebate
Perry says he would send troops back to Iraq. He also would catch Osama bin Laden and learn how to spell Gadhafi #GOPDebate #NHDebate
If you missed any part of tonight's #GOPDebate, reruns will air on the Syfy Channel. Check your local listings
The big loser in tonight's ABC GOP debate is ABC #GOPDebate #NHDebate
Jon Huntsman says "I am the most qualified to be president" as the other candidates try to figure out who he is #GOPDebate #NHDebate
I just can't take Santorum seriously when he's not wearing a sweater vest #GOPDebate
Newt Gingrich is running late at #GOPDebate because he can't fit through the metal detector
Rick Perry is lost backstage at #GOPDebate
Breaking News: Jon Huntsman is held for questioning by security at #GOPDebate because nobody knows who he is
Tonight's #GOPDebate lineup: 2 Mormons, 2 morons, a creepy guy in a sweater vest and a crazy old guy
Rick Santorum is ruining it for gays who like to dress casually #SweaterVest
I won't be watching tonight's #GOPDebate because I have better things to do, like cleaning my toilet
Santorum calls Obama a "snob" for saying every child should be able to go to college, picking up the endorsement of Walmart and McDonalds
In honor of tonight's GOP debate in New Hampshire, the state has changed it's motto to "Live Free or Die Laughing" #GOPDebate #NHDebate
Michele Bachmann suspends campaign while her marriage suspends disbelief
New poll shows Ron Paul leading among young voters 18-49 as well as dead voters
Gingrich: "I refuse to go negative on that fucking idiot moron job-killing Obama-healthcare-loving morally bankrupt ass hat Romney"
Gingrich, asked about going negative: "I'm going to run a campaign worthy of my grandchildren, those fat, money-grubbing, lazy ass ingrates"
God told Cain, Perry and Bachmann to run for president. I'm starting to think God works for Comedy Central.
Bachmann drops out of GOP race when God tells her not to run. God tells Perry not to run but he's not listening.
Michele Bachmann drops out of GOP race to spend more time defending her husband from charges that he's a hypocritical homosexual idiot
Romney can't even beat a racist homophobic nutcase who dresses like a creepy Mr. Rogers #IowaCaucus
New Year's Resolution #8: Disregard resolutions number 1 through 7
Iowa Caucus: 'Santorum Surges From Behind', 'Perry Takes Up Rear', 'Paul Firmly In Middle', 'Romney Changes Position', 'Gingrich Holds On'
10 more GOP debates left. That's 20 hours of stupid people babbling incoherently.
Headlines: 'Santorum Surging From Behind', 'Perry Takes Up Bottom', 'Paul Holds His Own', 'Romney On Top', 'Bachmann's Husband On Bottom'
Happy New Year! If you have to drink and drive, don't take the car.
Kim Jung Un wishes everyone a Happy New Year's Eve: "I look forward to getting drunk and blowing stuff up with nukes"
Dick Clark is waiting for his balls to drop
Happy New Year, or as Rick Perry calls it: "Oops"
2011 Google Word of the Year: Santorum
My New Year's resolution is to never watch another GOP debate, because if I want to watch a bunch of idiots I'd rather watch the Kardashians
2011 GOP Year in Review: George W. Bush kills Osama bin Laden, Obama ruins economy, global warming is a hoax perpetrated by evil scientists
Kelly Clarkson endorses Ron Paul, accused of racism and homophobia. Steve Forbes endorses Perry, accused of racism, homophobia and stupidity
Kim Jong Un named Supreme leader after negotiations with Gladys Knight & the Pips fall through.
Kelly Clarkson endorses Ron Paul and is accused of being racist and homophobic. I endorse Obama and I'm accused of being too smart.
Inclement weather causes Donald Trump's hair to fly off
Ron Paul accused of being racist, homophobic and crazy. His supporters insist he's not crazy.
2011 GOP Year in Review: Stupid people run for president
Highlight of funeral for Kim Jong Il was a heartfelt melody by Sir Elton Jong
2011 GOP Year in Review: George W. Bush kills Osama bin Laden, Obama ruins economy
Kim Jong Un's favorite pastimes: playing Angry Birds, going to Chuck E. Cheese and blowing stuff up with nuclear bombs
Kim Jong Il funeral underway. Elton Jong to sing "Evil Oppressive Dictator in the Wind"
Trump says if he runs against Obama he'll get support of "The Blacks", but he'll have trouble with the Browns, the Whites and the Greenbergs
Gallup poll shows both Gingrich and Romney in statistical tie with Obama in head-to-head matchups, but Gingrich has the biggest head
Santa Claus announces that Tim Tebow is not real
Merry Christmas to all my friends who don't know how to spell Hanukkah
Donald Trump quits the GOP, registers as an Idiot
George H.W. Bush endorses Romney, who is relieved he wasn't endorsed by the stupid Bush
Sarah Palin wishes everyone Happy Hanukah, commemorating Paul Revere's ride to Jerusalem warning that the cost of oil was going up in 8 days
Kim Jong Un to meet with Donald Trump to discuss his political future
I always thought Kim Jong Il would be succeeded by his smarter son Jeb
Kim Jong Il to be buried in his favorite cigar box
Herman Cain is an example that in America, anyone can run for president, quit in disgrace, and become a Fox News contributor.
@teenagetgirl Trying to get minority votes, Huntsman has released statements in Catalan, Swahili, Greek, Latin and American Sign Language
Citing his foreign policy experience, Jon Huntsman said: "聴いている。あの疾走感が気持ちいいみたいだが"
God told Rick Perry to run for president. Ron Paul's dog told him to run.
In an exclusive interview, Marcus Bachmann announces he's not gay: "I thought when I married that bitch I put an end to those rumors"
Perry says as president, he'd appoint Cain ambassador to Solyndra, citing Cain's foreign policy experience and because Cain speaks Solyndran
Newt Gingrich steroid abuse rumors persist as Gingrich's head appears larger in HD
Rick Perry is lost in the parking lot at #GOPdebate
Romney: "I don't mind gay people as long as they stay in the closet" #GOPdebate
GOP debate after-party at Chuck E. Cheese #GOPdebate
Tim Tebow wins #GOPdebate
If you missed any part of tonight's GOP debate, reruns will air on the Syfy Channel. Check your local listings #GOPdebate
Gary Busey withdraws endorsement of Gingrich after watching Ron Paul in tonight's GOP debate #FoxDebate #GOPdebate
Tim Tebow to sue Rick Perry for defamation of character #GOPdebate
Tonight's Fox News GOP debate is being moderated by Chris Wallace, Beavis and Butthead
Tonight's debate is on Fox News Channel, which has the largest GOP demographic, stupid old white people #FoxDebate
Time magazine's Person of the Year is 'The Protester', just beating out 'The Kardashian'
Meat Loaf endorses Romney
Gary Busey endorses Newt Gingrich, who doesn't rule out Busey as Secretary of State
Donald Trump drops out as host of GOP debate. Gary Busey to take his place #trumpdebate
Bachmann criticizes Obama on foreign policy, saying as president she will bring the troops back from Iraq, catch bin Laden and blow up Iran.
'Dumb Factor': Spinoff of 'Fear Factor' in the works http://t.co/cldLdYsU
Danny Bonaduce drops out of Trump debate
After disastrous debate performance, Romney places $10,000 bet that Gingrich will win the nomination #iowadebate
Rick Perry is lost in the parking lot at the GOP debate #iowadebate
Herman Cain wins GOP debate #iowadebate
Follow all the post-debate coverage at Chuck E. Cheese #iowadebate #GOPdebate
Michele Bachmann is a good example of family values because she has been so faithful to her gay husband #iowadebate
Republican candidates are courting Jewish voters: all four of them #iowadebate
I have faith in the American people never to elect a president named Mitt or Newt
Tonight's GOP debate on ABC is just a warmup for the Donald Trump-moderated debate on December 27 between Newt Gingrich and Gary Busey.
Michele Bachmann criticizes Obama on foreign policy, and promises as president to track down Osama bin Laden and bring him to justice.
The lineup for the Donald Trump-moderated debate has been set: Meat Loaf, Gary Busey, Corey Feldman, Danny Bonaduce and Rick Santorum
Obama answers GOP appeasement charge: "Ask bin Laden". Rick Perry tries to call bin Laden but says he was disconnected.
Meat Loaf and Gary Busey agree to participate in Donald Trump-moderated debate
Herman Cain delays endorsing a candidate until he knows who the winner is
Having Donald Trump moderate a debate is like having Mel Gibson officiate a Jewish wedding
Romney, Paul and Huntsman drop out of Donald Trump-moderated GOP debate. Trump has announced plans to hire more candidates.
Breaking News: Donald Trump's hair flies off when he tries to board a helicopter
Gingrich called on Trump to create an 'Apprentice'-style program for 10 inner-city New York children to teach them hairstyling techniques
Herman Cain requests Secret Service protection continued to protect him from all the women he can't remember harassing
Herman Cain takes back endorsement of Gingrich after Romney offers him more money
Herman Cain's political group 'Women for Cain' is modeled after Rick Perry's 'Death Row Inmates For Perry'
As more GOP candidates drop out of Donald Trump moderated debate, Trump has announced plans to hire more candidates.
Herman Cain drops out of presidential race to coach women's basketball
Michele Bachmann says gays have a right to marry, but only the opposite sex. Her husband is hiding in closet and unavailable for comment.
Herman Cain says "you don't have to have a degree from Harvard to run for president," and then drops out of the race
Herman Cain announces he's dropping out of presidential race so he can spend more time on his affairs.
Herman Cain drops out of GOP race... endorses Bill Clinton
My account hacked: Millions fall for stupid story that GOP debate will be moderated by Donald Trump
TV's Bloopers and Practical Jokes returns December 27 with a GOP debate hosted by Donald Trump
Donald Trump will moderate the Dec. 27 GOP debate where he will announce he's running for president as an independent
Breaking News: Beavis and Butthead to moderate GOP debate
Donald Trump will moderate the GOP debate on Dec. 27, followed by a debate moderated by Carrot Top
Jon Huntsman will skip the Donald Trump moderated GOP debate, making him the early favorite to win
Donald Trump to moderate GOP debate Dec. 27 sponsored by the Society of Village Idiots
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released
I suggest waterboarding Ann Coulter to find out where she gets her information
Cain says he'll decide by next week whether to drop out of the Republican race: "I want see how many women accuse me of things"
Herman Cain expected to drop out of presidential race so he can spend more time on his affairs
Send in the Clowns: http://t.co/aJ9YjhCK Newt Gingrich is the latest Republican circus freak to top the polls
Sexual scandals don't make Herman Cain unqualified to be president. Stupidity does.
In a desperate attempt to catch up to Gingrich, Cain leaks details of his 13 year affair
Herman Cain modifies 9-9-9 tax plan. It now includes a slice of pizza, a side of garlic bread and a piece of ass.
Grandma's macaroni and cheese recipe: Pasta, cheddar cheese, pepper spray, mustard gas, Agent Orange and a few mushrooms from the back yard.
Gingrich: The new Clown Prince of the GOP circus. http://t.co/aJ9YjhCK Just what we needed... Another clown doing the high-wire act.
Breaking News: FDA declares Congress nuts
Bachmann says Gingrich is the most liberal GOP candidate. When asked to comment on Jon Huntsman, she said she doesn't know who he is.
This Thanksgiving I'm thankful for all that medical marijuana I stocked up on
Michele Bachmann wishes all her African American friends a Happy Black Friday, and to her Jewish friends: Happy New Year!
For a spicier turkey, try a little pepper spray, mustard gas and a hint of Agent Orange
Sarah Palin wishes everyone a Happy Thanksgiving, the day in 1863 when the Pilgrims defeated Robert E. Lee in the Battle of Gettysburg
New poll shows that in a head-to-head matchup between Gingrich and Obama, Gingrich has a bigger head
Rick Perry is lost in the parking lot at #CNNdebate
Rick Perry said he doesn't agree with Ron Paul that we should end the war on drugs, but Perry was drunk when he said it
I just watched #CNNdebate. That was two hours of my life I'll never get back.
The audience at #CNNdebate made up of a bunch of really old white people and Ku Klux Klan members who got lost on the way to a rally
Watching the CNN National Security debate, it's evident that the biggest threat to national security are the GOP candidates
In tonight's CNN National Security debate, GOP candidates will discuss how to keep the country safe from Obama
GOP debate Tuesday will be on foreign policy, so expect unusually long pauses followed by stupid answers
Gingrich says poor kids are "trapped" by "truly stupid" child labor laws. The GOP is "trapped" by "truly stupid" candidates.
Congressional super committee fails to reach deficit deal but agrees that pizza is a vegetable
GOP foreign policy debate Tuesday to be sponsored by CNN and Chuck E. Cheese
Mormon candidates Mitt Romney and Jon Huntsman skip Saturday's GOP Christian debate. No one expected to show up at the next Jewish debate.
After declaring pizza is a vegetable, Congress discovers that tomatoes are a fruit and John Boehner is a pumpkin
Congress declares pizza a vegetable. Congress declared nuts
Rick Perry says he was not drunk or on drugs during his poor debate performances, causing experts to speculate that he's just plain stupid.
Rick Perry says Obama grew up "privileged" and is "too smart". Perry grew up "privileged" and "stupid"
Herman Cain gets Secret Service protection. Jon Huntsman requests Secret Service protection but they don't know who he is.
Breaking News: Herman Cain to get Secret Service protection from Rachel Maddow
Cain says he’s “not supposed to know anything about foreign policy,” meaning he has a future at Fox News as foreign affairs correspondent
Cain on Libya: "I got all this stuff twirling around in my head". What kind of mushrooms does this guy have on his pizza?
GOP candidates believe waterboarding is acceptable but being gay is not. Gay terrorists are horrified
In an unusual turn of events, God tells everyone to run for president
Cain, Perry and Bachmann say God told them to run for president. God told me to run for president, but I don't do everything I'm told.
Rick Perry is lost in the parking lot at #CBSNJDebate
Experts believe that the performance by Rick Perry in tonight's GOP debate proves that he's bipolar
As former head of the National Restaurant Assoc., Herman Cain had an unfair advantage in GOP debate on foreign policy and national security
Tim Pawlenty winner of GOP debate
Rick Perry makes no major gaffes at GOP debate, causing his supporters to worry he may be off his meds.
Syfy Channel picks up GOP debates for next season
Rick Perry claims he has hands on experience. Herman Cain claims he kept his hands off.
GOP debate on CBS moderated by Beavis and Butthead
Cain says if Romney is president, he'd like to be Secretary of Defense. Perry says he'd accept any position where he doesn't have to talk.
Obama endorses Rick Perry
Rick Perry's poll numbers are now lower than his IQ
Ashton Kutcher to replace Rick Perry
Rick Perry orders his own execution
GOP debate after-party at Rick Perry's house
Herman Cain modifies 9-9-9 tax plan. It now includes a slice of pizza, a side of garlic bread and a piece of ass.
Conventional wisdom would have Obama losing, but GOP candidates are not conventional nor do they have any wisdom http://t.co/E7pg6eV4
Dr. Conrad Murray is convicted. Now my doctor won't prescribe me my usual 4 gallons of propofol.
I apologize for calling the GOP candidates 'idiots' in my blog: http://t.co/E7pg6eV4 I meant to call them 'stupid idiots'
Saturday night's debate between Cain and Gingrich has been picked up for the fall TV season by the producers of Beavis and Butthead
GOP candidates are looking a lot like they were turned down by the Society of Village Idiots for being too idiotic http://t.co/E7pg6eV4
Polls show Texans support Perry in order to get him out of Texas
Breaking News: Comedians no longer find Rick Perry funny. In other news, Beavis and Butthead coming to Masterpiece Theatre
Commenting on the 3 women who have accused him of sexual harassment, Herman Cain says: "3 is a coincidence, 9 is a plan"
Third woman accuses Herman Cain of sexual harassment. Six more are expected to come forward.
Woman claims that when Herman Cain says "extra large" he's referring to his pizza
Sex scandal now gives Herman Cain the political credibility to call himself a politician
Rick Perry says "I'm a doer, not a talker"; but nobody knows exactly what it is he does because he has trouble explaining it.
New poll shows that non-English speaking people favor Rick Perry because they don't know what he's saying
I'm going as Mitt Romney this Halloween. I'll be wearing flip-flops
Rick Perry not wanting to do the debates is like O.J. Simpson not wanting to take the witness stand.
Rick Perry apologizes for bringing back the Obama 'birther' issue, saying he was joking. In related news: Nobody's laughing
Rick Perry to skip the GOP debates to protest the fact that they are debates
Bolstered by the success of the GOP debates, Beavis and Butthead are returning to TV tonight
I'll be going as Rick Perry this Halloween. That would be my George Bush imitation only stupider
New poll shows 9% of Americans approve of Congress, meaning 9% of Americans are nuts
2012 GOP presidential race: New poll shows some guy in Idaho supports Jon Huntsman
Obama is weak on terrorism and should get no credit for the death of Gadhafi, said Mitt Romney, who spoke from an undisclosed location.
Herman Cain modifies 9-9-9 plan. It now includes one free topping, garlic bread, and a side order of bullshit
Obama and the Terrorists: The hits keep coming http://t.co/oITJG9sm
Compared to Obama, the GOP candidates look like contestants on "The Price Is Right", only without the funny hats. http://t.co/oITJG9sm
Michele Bachmann surprised that Gadhafi was killed in Libya. She thought he was hiding in Africa.
End of the world after-party at my house!
Fox News hires former Gov. Mark Sanford as chief foreign affairs correspondent
Today is the end of the world. Check your local listings
Cain modifies 9-9-9 plan. It now includes one free topping and an order of breadsticks.
Gadhafi's burial delayed while they try to figure out how to spell his name on the death certificate
Amnesty International calls for investigation into the spelling of Gadhafi's name
The end of the world is Friday, so this year's World Series will only be one game
End of the world rescheduled to Friday. Party at my house
More Republicans will vote for a moron than a Mormon, but a Mormon who's a moron has no chance in Hell
Next GOP debate to be held at Chuck E. Cheese
Reruns of the GOP debates have been picked up by the Syfy Channel
NBC has announced a new spin-off: GOP Debate: SVU
A new telephone poll finds 50% of Americans support legalizing marijuana. 46% are opposed. The other 4% were too stoned to answer the phone
Sarah Palin wants to run for vice president again, because there's no primary campaign and you get free clothes
Jon Huntsman to boycott GOP debate. Rick Perry's debate coach advises him to do the same.
Ann Coulter needs to be reminded that we have a Constitutional right to protest, just like she has a Constitutional right to be an idiot
Ann Coulter says people should look at Wall Street protesters with 'hilarity and revulsion' after comparing them to Nazis...Hilarious Nazis!
The California Medical Association calls for legalization of marijuana in a special meeting, then can't find their cars in the parking lot
New poll shows Herman Cain leading with 27%, meaning 73% don't like him
75% of black Republicans support Herman Cain, based on a survey of all 4 black Republicans
Poll shows Rick Perry winner of GOP debate among those who couldn't figure out which channel it was on.
Sarah Palin gave a speech today at the World Knowledge Forum in South Korea, explaining which direction North Korea is.
Sarah Palin wishes everyone a Happy Columbus Day, the day in 1863 when Columbus defeated Robert E. Lee in the battle of Gettysburg
Sarah Palin can see Chris Christie from her house
Sarah Palin to speak in South Korea this week at the World Knowledge Forum, followed by an appearance at the World Irony Forum
A recent poll showed that 78% of voters would vote for a president who is Mormon. However, 89% would not vote for someone named Mitt.
Herman Cain says America is not ready for a Mormon president. Mitt Romney says America is not ready for a black president.
Ron Paul wins with 37% of vote in straw poll. 97% don't know what a straw poll is.
Feds crack down on medical marijuana in California when everyone in California gets sick
Sarah Palin endorses Herb Cain
Two people are in the news: Steve Jobs, an inventor with 317 patents, and Sarah Palin, who invented the word 'refudiate'.
New poll shows Congress down to 14% approval rating, meaning 14% of Americans are nuts
Hank Williams Jr. apologizes for comparing Obama to Hitler on Fox News while he was drunk, He thought everybody was drunk on Fox News.
Herman Cain surges in the polls, but most Republicans believe America is not ready for a black president
Hank WIlliams Jr. compares Obama to Hitler on Fox News, infuriating Fox viewers who are Hitler fans
Breaking News: Obama endorses Rick Perry, confusing Republicans and ensuring victory in 2012
Obama strikes fear in terrorists. Rick Perry strikes fear in everone else.
In an attempt to reduce the federal budget deficit, Obama proposes selling unnecessary government property, including the US Capitol.
Republican leaders call Obama an ineffective "bystander". Then Obama whacks #1 terrorist Anwar al-Awlaki. Republican leaders are in hiding.
Sarah Palin announces she is running for Vice President
Sarah Palin calls Herman Cain "Herb". Cain calls Palin "that crazy white bitch who's stupider than Bachmann".
Michele Bachmann wishes all her Jewish friends a Happy New Year and Merry Christmas!
Rick Perry has never had a debate coach. However, he studied comedy with Dick Cheney... Plus, he does a hilarious George Bush.
Texas abolishes last meal requests for prisoners about to be executed. As a promotional tie-in, McDonald's will be providing Happy Meals.
U.S. hikers freed from Iranian prison after more than 2 years hold news conference to express their disappointment in the new season of Glee
Government has paid $600 million to dead people. Rick Perry calls it a Ponzi scheme. Promises to end payments, except for those already dead
Correction: Texas isn't ending last meals for prisoners about to be executed, just the request. It would be inhumane to execute a hungry man
Sarah Palin admits she didn't actually read the controversial book about her because, after all, it's a book.
Texas bans last meal for prisoners about to be executed. Don't they deserve a last meal just in case they're innocent?
Iran releases American prisoners after over two years in captivity. Their biggest problem is adapting to the new Facebook changes.
Obama wins GOP debate
Next debate should be sponsered by the Syfy Channel
Rick Perry tries to explain how he's different from George Bush by saying stupid things like George Bush. #GOPdebate
Herman Cain likes the Chilean model. Newt Gingrich wants to divorce his wife and move in with one.
GOP candidates hate government so much they should be applying for jobs at Fox News and not running for president.
According to debate sponsors, this is the most interactive debate ever. Except for the candidates. #GOPdebate
Newt Gingrich says we shouldn't give people money for doing nothing. That's a lot of money we can save by not paying Congress.
Google, co-sponser of tonight's GOP debate, adds low polling candidate Gary Johnson, so you have to use Google to figure out who he is.
In tonight's debate, Perry will be accused of scaring old folks dependent on Social Security. Bachmann will be accused of scaring everybody.
You have the right to an attorney, but not necessarily a good one. This should be added to the Miranda warning after Troy Davis execution.
Troy Davis was executed. That gives the real killer reasonable doubt.
Troy Davis was convicted by a jury of his peers. The definition of peer is "a person who is equal to another". Should we execute the jury?
Michele Bachmann continues "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy in her marriage
Michele Bachmann was surprised by Jay Leno's hard hitting questions, thinking it was a comedy show like Fox News
Michele Bachmann was surprised Jay Leno asked her questions. She must not have realized that's what you do on a talk show.
Rick Perry changes his position on Ponzi schemes, saying they should be continued for old people who are already eligible for them.
Rick Perry brags that Texas improved air quality by 20%, but he's most proud of the fact that 89% of people executed are guilty.
Bachmann says she's "convicted" in her views. Rick Perry says if she comes to Texas, he'll have her executed, even if wrongly convicted.
Funnyman Herman Cain wants to "bring a sense of humor to the White House," and he promises Federal Pell Grants to include Clown College
Boehner and the GOP have no problem with creating jobs, they just want to wait until after the 2012 election.
Rick Perry promises if elected president he will make Ponzi schemes illegal
Herman Cain says Obama is not black enough. Obama says Cain is not funny enough.
Sarah Palin admits she smoked marijuana once, but she quit halfway through
Vice President Joe Biden is a heartbeat away from the presidency. Former Vice President Dick Cheney is a heartbeat away from being dead.
Marcus Bachmann hears about Glen Rice's sexual escapades and wants to reach out to him to give him a few pointers
Michele Bachmann's method of birth control is to look at her husband during sex
Sarah Palin's method of birth control is quitting halfway through
Michele Bachmann promises as president to lower gas prices to under $2 and to prove global warming is a hoax by ordering more snow
Syfy channel to air reruns of GOP debates
Michele Bachmann's advisors say they're not worried about her low poll numbers this early in race, but they are very worried about her IQ
Rick Perry's poll numbers are now higher than the percentage of guilty people he's executed
GOP debates picked up by Comedy Central for fall season
Rick Perry says if he is elected, "God will bring a sense of humor to the White House"
Fox News is interested in hiring Herman Cain to add to its comedy lineup
New poll shows Jon Huntsman now pulling ahead of Wolf Blitzer
Realizing that the GOP debate hasn't started yet, Fox News retracts statement that Rick Perry won, now declaring Romney the winner
Fox News reports Rick Perry winner of GOP debate
Rick Perry is no longer calling Social Security a Ponzi scheme, after conferring with his economic adviser Bernie Madoff
Michele Bachmann blames Obama for 9/11, and says that if elected president, she will track down Osama bin Laden and bring him to justice
Tea Party getting ready to host two events : GOP debate, followed by a convention of really old white people who never went to college
GOP has two problems with the wording of Obama's "American Jobs Act": "jobs" and "act"
The Fox News twitter account was hacked, causing an unusual amount of real news reports to be released
As states struggle to cut budgets, Rick Perry has cut prison costs in Texas by executing record numbers of prisoners, many of them guilty
Google pays $125 million for Zagat, the restaurant guide. I paid $8.95 for mine
Rick Perry says Social Security is a Ponzi scheme, which makes Bernie Madoff a small businessman
GOP blames Obama for causing West Coast power failure to highlight need for infrastructure spending, without getting Congressional approval
West Coast power outage continues through the night. Residents urged not to panic and to stock up on firearms
The GOP must block Obama's jobs plan in order to hurt his re-election chances, while explaining why it's more important to be out of work
Obama wins Democratic debate
Obama says if Congress stops the "political circus", he will stop calling John Boehner "bozo"
Republicans are confused by Obama's jobs speech because he makes too much sense
GOP members of Congress to boycott Obama's speech, so that they can continue to criticize Obama's positions without knowing what they are
Michele Bachmann says she hopes Obama loses tonight's Democratic debate. When told it wasn't a debate, she said she hopes he loses anyway.
Comedy Central to host next GOP debate
Due to viewer complaints, all future GOP debates to be simulcast in English
Obama wins GOP debate
Rick Perry gets applause for executing people, especially the guilty ones #GOPdebate
Bachmann says Obama has weakened us militarily. She promises to capture Osama bin Laden
Mnorities represented in GOP debate: One black and two oranges
If Rick Perry becomes president, I'm moving to North Korea
Brian Williams now leads Jon Huntsman in polls
Theme of GOP debate: When you run out of ideas, blame Obama
Michele Bachmann is preparing for GOP debate by using heavy eye shadow to highlight her nose
Rick Perry leads all polls, proving that the higher the poll numbers, the lower the IQ
Rick Perry denies rumors that he's gay by signing anti-gay marriage pledge, as he prepares for GOP debate by getting a mani-pedi
Michele Bachmann plans to unveil her 59 point plan for how God plans to save the economy
Breaking News: Rick Perry to miss tonight's GOP debate as he heads back to Texas to preside over an outbreak of executions
Rick Perry decides to attend GOP debate after realizing that God plans to burn down Texas anyway
Romney comes up with 59 point plan, but he's penalized 10 points for bad metaphors, 20 points for math errors, and 29 points for stupidity
According to AP, Palin said: "We have truth and logic on our side." That's the first time truth, logic and Palin used in the same sentence.
Rick Perry bails out of South Carolina forum due to wildfires. He hopes to extend wildfires until Wednesday's GOP debate
House Foreign Affairs Committee announces it will be launching an investigation into the spelling of Gadhafi's name
Breaking News: Sarah Palin announces she will run for half a term
U.S. Intelligence Agency guilty of misrepresentation
Rick Perry prepares for GOP debate by taking target practice, making homophobic remarks, and executing people, some of them guilty
Sarah Palin to speak in South Korea at World Knowledge Forum, followed by an appearance at the World Irony Forum
Rick Perry is mistaken for a George Bush impersonator and is booked for a Labor Day party at the American Legion in Reseda
Michele Bachmann announces she will have to drop out of the GOP debate at the Reagan Library because she doesn't have a library card
Sarah Palin to visit South Korea once she figures out which side of North Korea it's on
When told about Cheney's memoir, Bush says: "I didn't know it was a memoir, I thought it was a book"
Bush says he has no problem with Cheney's book, other than that it's a book
Obama reschedules speech because of GOP debate, but he was criticized more when he killed bin Laden during Celebrity Apprentice
Fox News is in negotiations with Gadhafi for 3 pm time slot
Dick Cheney's book was ghostwritten by Carrot Top
Condoleezza Rice criticizes Cheney for attacking her integrity, but praises Ghadafi for his taste in crazy black women
Scandal erupts when Obama reschedules his speech to the same night as Project Runway
Dick Cheney's next novel will be a young-adult vampire-romance
Sesame Street says Bert and Ernie are just good friends, just like Michele and Marcus Bachmann
Michele Bachmann has a new book coming out and God is helping her write it. It's a book of jokes
Hurricane Irene was a message from God that we need to reign in idiotic comments from Michele Bachmann
Rick Perry gets rid of his Smart Phone because he can't understand it
Donald Trump's hair flies off as hurricane hits New York
Glenn Beck calls hurricane a "blessing" making us prepared for disasters. I say it's a "blessing" making us prepared for stupid radio hosts
President Obama will make a statement at 5 pm ET denying reports he ordered hurricane without congressional approval
Glenn Beck calls the Category 1 hurricane a "blessing", which makes Beck a Category 2 idiot
Rick Perry has presided over so many executions in Texas he's lost track of how many were actually guilty
Sarah Palin expected to announce she will run for half a term
As governor of Texas, Rick Perry presided over a record 234 executions, with a 78% rate of getting the right man
New poll: In head to head matchup between Rick Perry and Obama, Perry's head is bigger
Rick Perry's poll numbers are now higher than his IQ
Marcus Bachmann wouldn't mind a three-way with Rick Perry and Mitt Romney
Next GOP debate: Romney will be debating himself
Bert and Ernie are good role models for other gay puppets
George Bush impersonator sues Rick Perry for stealing his act
Gadhafi rumored to be in Florida meeting with Casey Anthony's attorney
Obama denies reports he ordered earthquake without congressional approval
Earthquake causes concern that Mitt Romney may have cracked
Sesame Street says Bert and Ernie are "puppets and don't have a sexual orientation". Michele Bachmann says: "At least Marcus isn't a puppet"
Calling Rick Perry a "stupid George Bush" is like calling Pauly Shore an "unfunny Carrot Top"
Investigation launched into spelling of Gadhafi's name
God told me to run for president. That doesn't make sense. I'm not qualified. Then I realized God is telling everyone to run for president.
If elected President, Rick Perry expected to appoint Michele Bachmann as Secretary of State of Confusion
New poll shows most Republicans favor Marcus Bachmann as First Lady, followed by whoever was stupid enough to marry Rick Perry
If he doesn't win the GOP nomination, Rick Perry plans to run for president of Texas
Society of Village Idiots to sue Rick Perry for defamation of character
Michele Bachmann makes campaign promise to bring  back $2 a gallon gas. She also promises to capture Osama bin Laden
Brain scan of Rick Perry shows nothing
Obama can sit back and wait for GOP's slapstick band of weirdos, religious fanatics and angry white racists to implode http://t.co/rlyn3z9
New poll shows Congress down to 13% approval rating, meaning 13% of Americans are nuts
Rick Perry has been called "Michele Bachmann with a better hairdo". Marcus Bachmann thinks so too
Rick Perry has been called "George Bush without the intelligence". In other words: "George Bush"
Election 2012: Why the GOP is D.O.A. http://t.co/rlyn3z9
Sesame Street says Bert and Ernie are just friends, but the relationship between Michele and Marcus Bachmann is just weird
The U.S. could increase revenue by marketing "super committee" action figures
The new congressional "super committee" is expected to be more efficient at not getting things done than the usual congressional committees
Everyone else left, but Ron Paul stayed and is debating himself. #GOPDebate
Rick Perry wins GOP debate
GOP debate is getting such high ratings it has been picked up by Comedy Central for another season
This should not be called a debate. It should be called "Stupid Answers to Stupid Questions"
Fox News has hired a translator for tonight's GOP debate who speaks gibberish
In tonights GOP debate, all eyes will be on Michele Bachmann, including her own
Politicians are more likely to be caught in compromising positions than they are to coming to a compromise on positions
Newsweek calls Michele Bachmann "The Queen of Rage". Her husband Marcus is "The Queen of Beige"
Breaking News: Michele Bachmann is crazier than she looks
The unflattering Newsweek photo of Michele Bachmann explains why her husband Marcus has given up prayer and prefers to be gay
S&P downgrades US credit rating, then Dow Jones S&P plummets. S&P CEO is major GOP donor, but S&P blames GOP for downgrade. S&P is a joke
In head to head matchup between Rick Perry and Obama, Perry's head is bigger
Bernie Madoff to head special investigation into S&P's $2 trillion accounting error
In wake of U.S. credit downgrade, S&P to to review AAA rating of Enron
S&P downgrades Michele Bachmann to Sarah Palin
S&P blames downgrade on GOP, but GOP is confident that their constituents are too stupid to notice
Mitt Romney downgraded from Mormon to moron
President wants to change credit ratings to pass/fail
The economy is so bad, my housekeeper had me sign a pre-nup
John Boehner quits going to AA after it is downgraded to A
Things are so bad, I went to Borders and they're only accepting gold
Effects of U.S. credit downgrade are immediate and painful. My gardener would only accept cash
U.S. asks Rupert Murdoch to co-sign loans. He says no. He doesn't want to damage the reputation of his company.
Breaking News: Downgrade causes people to be upset
S&P downgraded to S
Rick Perry's grades were so bad in college, he had no choice but to go into politics
Obama has the power to kill Bin Laden but he can't prevent congressional gridlock from killing economic recovery http://bitly.com/oKglpx
The glass is half full: Boehner pissed in it. RT @JstnBsn trickle down effect
Is the glass half empty or half full? It's half full: Boehner got drunk and pissed in it
Breaking News: We're Screwed! http://bitly.com/oKglpx
Deficit reduction in the middle of a recession is not only a stupid idea, it is a dangerous one http://bitly.com/oKglpx
Americans voice opinion in new poll: "ridiculous", "disgusting", "stupid". No, not Glenn Beck. They're talking about the budget negotiations
The glass is half full. RT @john_uk Our politicians are now on vacation... they can't do any damage while they are away
After ruining our economy, Congress takes a paid vacation
Mitt Romney has an interesting campaign strategy. Evidently he's hiding out with Casey Anthony
Calling the debt deal a compromise is like calling a hostage situation a Republican caucus... Wait a minute. That's what it was
New 12-member congressional "super committee" to be chosen by Casey Anthony jury consultant
They call the debt deal a compromise. It should be called "compromised"
Why do they call it the Tea Party? There's no tea, just nuts
I've got got good news and bad news. First the good news: Debt deal reached. Now the bad news: Debt deal reached. http://bitly.com/oKglpx
Democrats agree the debt limit bill is "better than nothing". That should be Obama's campaign slogan in 2012: "Better Than Nothing!"
Breaking News: Senate agrees debt limit bill is stupid but passes it anyway
The Senate should vote to eliminate the House of Representatives
Apple has more cash than the U.S. government, but the U.S. has a stronger military
Reid delays vote until 1pm Sunday to give GOP time to go to church and pray for a way to pass bill and make Obama look bad at the same time
The art of compromise has been lost on politicians who are more likely to be caught in compromising positions
Boehner needs to quit jerking around
Senate rejects Boehner budget bill faster than the Casey Anthony jury
Boehner Bill passes. It's now going to the Senate, where Tom Carper, Chairman of the Senate Recycling Caucus, will turn it into toilet paper
Boehner has perfected the art of negotiating with himself
Michele Bachman says her husband is "off limits" during campaign. After campaign, she says he can have as much gay sex as he wants
Most popular boys name: Jacob... Least popular: Santorum
Michele Bachmann says she, not husband, is running for president. Her husband is running for First Lady
Pelosi launches investigation into pronunciation of Boehner's name
Claiming the president has an unfair advantage, Republicans want all future rebuttal speeches to go first
Boehner claims he won debate. When told it wasn't a debate, he said: "No wonder nobody else was there"
Herman Cain's reaction to speeches: "I didn't like either of the colored guys"
The Speaker of the House needs to learn how to speak
I watched Boehner's response to Obama's speech and promptly threw out all my green ties
Obama gives State of Disunion speech
Republicans gave Bush credit for killing bin Laden. Why not give Bush credit for solving the debt crisis and we can all move on?
Whenever I start becoming gay, I think of Marcus Bachmann and that cures it
Without Boehner, Republicans are flaccid
Boehner walks out of meeting when Democrats make fun of his name
Bachmann dilemma: Why is it you can pray away the gay but you can't cure migraines?
Michele Bachmann says migraines won't affect her ability to be president, but her irritating gay husband will
Misunderstood bigot Herman Cain doesn't hate everyone. He's a big fan of the Muppets
Bachmann's doctor says she's in 'good general health', but should abstain from having sex with her husband because it would be hypocritical
Bachmann says her stress related migraines won't hinder her leadership ability. Her incompetence will.
Stress related condition ‘incapacitates’ Michele Bachmann. Heavy use of non sequiturs alleged
I had no idea about the Murdoch hacking scandal because I was watching Fox News
Herman Cain says Mitt Romney can't win because he's a Mormon. Cain can't win because he's a moron
Todd Palin is so jealous of the attention Marcus Bachmann is getting he's taking dance lessons and getting a manicure
I'm honored that @aisforrangela is following me even though she hates politics. Well I hate broccoli.
Sarah Palin's movie "The Undefeated" opens to empty theaters. The sequel "The Unrefudiated" has been canceled
In head to head match-up, Obama and Romney are running neck and neck. In face to face meeting, Romney is two-faced
Carmaggedon was such a flop they canceled the sequel
Marcus and Michele Bachmann are an example of why only gays should be allowed to be married
I'm praying for Marcus Bachmann to embrace his inner gay
Breaking News: Mitch McConnell's debt limit plan endorsed by the Society of Village Idiots http://bitly.com/oMTJym
Marcus Bachmann's claims gay people can be "cured" through prayer. Assuming he's speaking from personal experience, I'm not praying for him
Mitch McConnell's epitaph: "The most important thing we want to achieve is for Obama to be a one-term president" http://bitly.com/oMTJym
New GOP plan for debt limit: Pass the buck  http://bitly.com/oMTJym
GOP presidential race: Rick Perry considers throwing his hat in the ring. David Duke considers throwing in his white robe
Default is not an option. Is the GOP stupid enough to think it is? http://bitly.com/pVTrEv
Thanks Lynn @axemother Even Democrats make typos. Republicans just make gaffes
Sarah Palin is upset at Madonna and other celebrities for criticizing her. At least Madonna didn't quit halfway through a song.
New poll: In head to head matchup between Bachmann and Romney, Bachmann's head is bigger
Investigation launched into why Fox News is actually reporting the news
Michele Bachmann not surprised about Casey Anthony verdict. After all, John Wayne was also not guilty
Casey Anthony's biggest regret: She missed the 4th of July festivities
Why all the hostility toward the Casey Anthony jurors? It's not like she tried to sell Obama's Senate seat.
Casey Anthony jurors refuse to speak to media. Evidently, they're still asleep.
Happy 4th of July, or as Michele Bachmann calls it: George Washington's Birthday
Herman Cain retracts his statements about Obama not being a "real" black man. He meant to say Mitt Romney
Herman Cain says Obama is not a "real" black man. That would make Obama the first 3D holographic president.
Michele Bachmann praises founding father Thaddeus McCotter for working hard to end slavery
Thaddeus McCotter enters GOP race, but new poll shows majority of Republicans won't vote for someone named Thaddeus
Michele Bachmann is spending the July 4th weekend watching her favorite John Wayne Gacy movies
Glenn Beck launches clothing line, proving he doesn't believe in Intelligent Design
Michele Bachmann says she will defend the veracity of her statements... once she figures out what veracity is
Michele Bachmann announces that she'll be giving an exclusive interview to Walter Cronkite to explain her recent gaffes
John Wayne Gacy fans demand apology from Michele Bachmann
Michele Bachmann says God told her to run for president. Ron Paul says his dog told him to run
Michele Bachmann to hold fundraiser in South Carolina... once she figures out where South Carolina is
UN launches investigation into how to spell Kaddafi's name
Blogojevich sentenced to up to 300 years. He should be out in time for Willie Nelson's farewell tour
New poll: In head to head matchup between Romney and Obama, Romney's head is bigger
Sarah Palin quits bus tour to go to jury duty; quits jury duty to go to movie premiere
I believe marriage should be between two people
Sarah Palin opposes sex education and birth control. Her advice: Quit halfway through
Obama's poll numbers are dropping below Sarah Palin's IQ
I support same sex marriage, unless it's between a man and a woman
Newt Gingrich says Obama is so bad, black people will vote Republican. But new poll shows black people won't vote for someone named Newt
Breaking News: Sarah Palin to announce she'll be running for half a term
2012 GOP presidential race: Rick Perry expected to throw his hat in the ring. Newt Gingrich expected to throw his wife's ring in the ring
Michele Bachmann says Obama has failed black folks. Herman Cain says Obama has failed half-black folks
Sarah Palin claims she quit halfway through her bus tour for jury duty. Expect a mistrial halfway through the trial
On Afghan withdrawal, Pawlenty and Romney say Obama moving too fast; Huntsman and Ron Paul say Obama moving too slow; Palin goes fishing
Sarah Palin enters halfway house
John McCain blames illegal immigrants for starting Arizona wildfires. Sarah Palin blames them for starting half the wildfires
Sarah Palin quit halfway through her bus tour to go salmon fishing in Alaska. She quit after catching half a salmon
Fox News says Rick Perry is "sounding like a candidate". He sounds like an idiot, so he fits in well with the rest of the GOP candidates
ABC News tonight reported that potential GOP candidate Rick Perry has "nice hair", putting an end to the rumors that he's gay
Google had a special tie logo to celebrate Father's Day. They decided against a Weiner logo to celebrate the resignation of Anthony Weiner
Weiner's out... I hate when that happens http://bitly.com/kznOht
Boehner to play golf Saturday with Obama... Good thing he's not playing with Weiner
Did Weiner pull out too soon? https://bitly.com/kznOht
Breaking News: Anthony Weiner shows up to news conference wearing pants
New poll shows Newt Gingrich trailing LeBron James
I apologize for being unavailable to live tweet the GOP debate, but on the replay, the candidates looked dead anyway.
I missed the Republican debate, but I heard Conan O'Brien won
Gingrich accuses Obama of placing "political correctness above common sense". Obama accuses Gingrich of being a "racist asshole"
Pelosi loses taste for Weiner
Weiner still hanging in there
Why the media obsession with Weiner's weiner? It's really not a big thing
New poll: 68% say that presidential candidate's Mormon faith is irrelevant. However, 93% wouldn't vote for someone named Mitt
If you add up the combined IQs of the GOP presidential candidates, multiply by 2 and subtract 10, you get moron
When Sarah Palin said she was going to announce her positions, I thought it had to do with the Kama Sutra
First stop on Sarah Palin's tour of historical sites is Donald Trump's hair
Sarah Palin meets Donald Trump tonight to discuss her fake candidacy with the former fake candidate
My New Year's resolution: I plan to stop procrastinating
Sarah Palin fuels speculation about her political plans by heading north from D.C. on 'One Nation' bus tour. Hopefully she ends up in Canada
Michele Bachmann to make June presidential announcement in Iowa... once she figures out where Iowa is
Pakistan gives permission to CIA to send forensics team to Osama bin Laden's compound to examine his porn and collection of ladies underwear
Ed Shultz calls Laura Ingraham a "right wing slut". I'm offended by his use of the term "right wing".
Donald Trump should go back to what he does best: Spending his time making us think he's richer than he really is http://bit.ly/ilFjBh
Around the time Anderson Cooper did a feature on 'Bubbles the Chimp', the line between news and entertainment blurred http://bit.ly/ilFjBh
CIA is still analyzing Osama bin Laden's porn collection. Translating from Arabic has turned out to be a slow and arduous task.
Donald Trump makes hair-raising announcement that he still might be running for president. The only thing running is his mouth
The GOP presidential field is starting to look like a reunion of Hootie & the Blowfish
The funny thing about the end of the world: It only seems to happen when you least expect it.
Adults watched Walter Cronkite on the news while the kids played with toy guns and Lincoln Logs. It was a simpler time http://bit.ly/ilFjBh
Asked if she wants to run for president, Sarah Palin said: "I have the fire in my belly". She changed her mind after having diarrhea
Tim Pawlenty announces he's running for president. Finally, a Republican with half a brain
Long before Donald Trump waged a fake presidential campaign, there was a day when real newscasters delivered real news http://bit.ly/ilFjBh
CNN news anchor Don Lemon reveals he's gay. The NAACP is urging him to consider announcing that he's black.
GOP presidential candidate Gary Johnson asks: 'Who the hell is Jon Huntsman?'
Obama seeks reform of 'No Child Left Behind'. Schwarzenegger doesn't
Breaking News: The end of the world has been rescheduled until next year
Herman Cain announces that he's running for president the same day the world is supposed to end. He's obviously short of campaign funds
The world better end. I just maxed out my credit cards partying
Breaking News: Donald Trump Inducted Into Society of Village Idiots http://bit.ly/ilFjBh
From Forrest Gump to Donald Trump: The Oliver Stoning of America http://bit.ly/ilFjBh
Schwarzenegger's presidential bid derailed when he refuses to turn over his long form birth certificate
I lost all respect for bin Laden when I heard about the porn
Donald Trump, the master of weird political gibberish, can now do what he does best... weird non-political gibberish http://bit.ly/iHOhL3
Trump's announcement that he's not running leaves comedians everywhere scrambling for Ron Paul jokes
2012 GOP presidential race: Huckabee decides not to throw his hat in the ring. Trump decides not to throw in his hair
CIA is still analyzing bin Laden's porn collection. It takes time, attention to detail, and painstaking effort translating from Arabic
After analyzing hard drive, CIA concludes bin Laden wasn't capable of large-scale terrorist activity because he already had his hands full
Michele Bachmann takes credit for bin Laden raid. Apparently they were sexting
From bin Laden's diary: 'Who the hell is Gary Johnson?'
Trump says he has a great relationship with 'the Blacks', also with 'the Browns' and of course 'the Whites' - 'the Greenbergs', not so much
Ashton Kutcher to replace Charlie Sheen on Two and a Half Men. Let's hope the laugh track finds him as funny as Sheen
Trump said he has a 'great relationship with the blacks'- Told Obama is half black, he says he has 'great relationship with half the blacks'
Speaking in N.H. yesterday, Donald Trump said: "Republicans don't like it because I'm not in the club." - No response from Hair Club for Men
Newt Gingrich announces he's running for president. Finally, a Republican with half a brain.
Bin Laden's last diary entry: 'Getting ready to watch Celebrity Apprentice'
RT @8i11: @FrankTheDoorman or the caramel big macchiato
McDonalds wants to be more like Starbucks. Look for their new drink: Frypuccino
Bad week for Schwarzenegger: First he breaks up with his wife. Now Donald Trump wants to see his long form birth certificate.
McDonald's spending $1 billion to make stores look like Starbucks. No longer marketing to kids, targeting Happy Meals to stoned businessmen
2012 GOP presidential race: Mitch Daniels considers throwing his hat in the ring. Donald Trump considers throwing in his hair
Proving he's not racist, Donald Trump says some of his best friends are black... Yeah, well some of my best friends are idiots
The bin Laden family will be spending a quiet Mother's Day at home watching Celebrity Apprentice
CIA tracks down bin Laden by following intelligence gained from Guantanamo interrogations and the address on his Mad Magazine subscription
Gary Johnson is the most recognizable name in the 2012 GOP field... Just the name, not the candidate
In announcing the death of bin Laden, Obama left out the part about the death of Donald Trump's presidential candidacy http://bit.ly/iWaOWu
Putting to rest rumors of a U.S. hoax, al Qaeda confirms that Osama bin Laden is dead... So is that thing on Donald Trump's head
Donald Trump says we'd be better off with a businessman running the country. He'd have hunted down bin Laden and tried to sell him a condo
Al Qaeda confirms bin Laden’s death, but they still think Elvis is alive
'The Beaver': Mel Gibson's new movie and Donald Trump's new hair style
GOP still says Obama is soft on terrorism, reminding us Republicans were responsible for Willie Nelson's arrest for marijuana possession
Proving he's not racist, Donald Trump says some of his best friends are Hawaiian
Fox News cancels GOP debates due to low ratings. They plan to air reruns
RT @FrankTheDoorman The GOP debate is much funnier after smoking weed/ You know what I'm talking about Gary Johnson
In first debate, GOP contenders attack Obama's foreign policy. Somebody just told them about bin Laden's death and they're very embarrassed
The audience at the GOP debate thought they were at a Charlie Sheen concert
Obama wins GOP debate
I fell asleep during the Fox News live broadcast. I must have missed the talent competition
The GOP debate is much funnier after smoking weed
I'm watching the live GOP debate on Fox News between Ron Paul and Hootie and the Blowfish
Obama demands to see Trump's long form comb-over
Barack Obama will go down in history as the man who finally revealed the difference between a long form and a short form birth certificate
52% of GOP say Bush deserves credit for bin Laden's death, but only 49% say he deserves credit for Obama releasing his birth certificate
Donald Trump offends blacks, gays and stutterers; but village idiots are not offended
Osama bin Laden supporters want proof that he's dead. Pentagon officials sent them a link to bin Laden's Wikipedia page.
Obama proved he can calmly juggle matters of national security with idiotic pop-culture absurdities like Donald Trump http://bit.ly/iWaOWu
Good week for Obama - Bad week for bin Laden and Trump http://bit.ly/iWaOWu
"He paid the ultimate price for unspeakable acts"~ Donald Trump's former barber
It was a great week for Donald Trump. He will go down in history as the man who uncovered Obama's birth certificate. Good work, sir
Osama bin Laden fans are irate that Celebrity Apprentice is being preempted by Obama's speech
NBC news has confirmed: Osama bin Laden is dead... So is that thing on Donald Trump's head
Donald Trump is unable to visit tornado area because his hair might fly off
By releasing birth certificate, Obama can focus on more important issues, like how a black person can get into college http://bit.ly/iHOhL3
I apologize for calling Trump a racist http://bit.ly/iHOhL3: I should have called him a stupid racist http://bit.ly/e0UmLy
Donald Trump wants to see a copy of Prince William's birth certificate to see if he's really a member of the Gambino crime family
What now? Will Trump question whether Obama had a secret hair transplant, and his college Afro was really a comb-over http://bit.ly/iHOhL3
Obama trumps Trump, but Trump isn't stumped http://bit.ly/iHOhL3
If Donald Trump becomes president, I'm moving to Kenya http://bit.ly/e0UmLy
It's shaping up to be a great year in politics... if you're a comedian
Donald Trump: His candidacy is as fake as his hairline http://bit.ly/e0UmLy
Donald Trump says he believes Obama is involved in a cover-up about his birthplace. Obama believes Trump is involved in cover-up on his head
Michele Bachmann says Planned Parenthood is the LensCrafters of abortion. Bachmann has 20/20 vision, according to her gynecologist.
2012 presidential race: Mitt Romney throws his hat in the ring. Donald Trump considers throwing in his hair.
No government shutdown means nothing will get done on schedule
Government shutdown averted just as I was stocking up on firearms.
Government shutdown party tonight. Bring your own weed.
A government shutdown will mean there's a reason nothing gets done.
Fox News drops Glenn Beck, which means he's available to play Detroit
I'm on a drug. It's called Glenn Beck.
Charlie Sheen bombs in Detroit. Obama considers sending him to Libya
Charlie Sheen bombs on the first stop of his "Torpedo of Truth" tour. The audience can't handle the truth.
Donald Trump downplays his past bankruptcies, calling them Chapter 11 reorganizations. He doesn't expain why he never reorganized his hair.
Lindsay Lohan is dropping the Lohan... and if you've ever dropped your Lohan, you know how painful that can be.
The missing Bronx Zoo cobra has been captured. He was found hiding under Donald Trump's hair.
Gadhafi doesn't know how to spell Bachmann
RT @RustyCannon: @FrankTheDoorman Michele Bachmann thinks Libya is a subsidiary of Planned Parenthood.
Michele Bachman criticizes Obama's intervention in Libya. Bachman would not have gone in, even if she knew where it was.
I demand to see a document certifying the authenticity of Donald Trump's hair
Donald Trump questions the origin of Obama's birth. Obama questions the origin of Trump's hair.
GOP pres. candidates Huckabee, Palin and Gingrich were all employees of Fox News, which explains why they have problems with public speaking
Donald Trump considers run for president. To prove he's a fiscal conservative, he points to his comb-over
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez says capitalism ended life on Mars http://huff.to/g3BYMZ... Paging Charlie Sheen!
'Drop D Not Bombs'- Moses Campbell http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IK3ZqlO75es
I tried to get my doctor to prescribe me some of that 'Charlie Sheen' drug, but he said it wouldn't mix with my 'Andrew Dice Clay'
Two and a Half Wars: Is the US military stretched too thin? http://bit.ly/fd3FY4  http://bit.ly/eYYMsu
I'm working on a big screen version of Two and a Half Men: Mel Gibson, Gary Busey and Danny Devito
Glenn Beck's falling ratings are a message from God
For NCAA March Madness information, check your local listings. For all other March Madness information, check Charlie Sheen's house
Glenn Beck calls Japan earthquake a 'message' from God. The real message from God is that Beck is nuts
Sarah Palin calls comedian Kathy Griffin a "has-been" and a "bully". At least Griffin has never quit halfway through a joke
Japan authorities concerned about meltdown at nuclear power plants; U.S. authorities concerned about meltdown at Charlie Sheen's house
Donald Trump announces presidential bid. His qualifications: he went bankrupt
Donald Trump proposes no-fly zone over his hair
Rumors that Gary Busey to play Gadhafi in new movie are untrue. Mel Gibson still in the running
Julianne Moore to play Sarah Palin in HBO movie about 2008 election. Who's going to play Tina Fey?
Gadhafi demands $3 million per episode, then retracts demand when he finds out what the definition of episode is in English
Rob Lowe rumored to replace Gadhafi
Exploiting Charlie Sheen: The media takes the #high road http://bit.ly/hCPKz9
I've OD'd on Charlie Sheen
Moammar Gadhafi, Hosni Mubarak and Kim Jong-il to star in new sitcom: Two and a Half Madmen
Journalistic integrity, or were they scooped by the mainstream media? This week's National Enquirer has no stories about Charlie Sheen.
My readers comment: "Mr. Sheen needs help, not the attention of a bunch of so-called journalists."- Don Powell  http://bit.ly/hCPKz9
Is the media as delusional as Charlie Sheen? http://bit.ly/hCPKz9
Gadhafi is becoming so delusional, he wants to star in a new Libyan sitcom: Two and a Half Dictators
Charlie Sheen makes anti-Semitic comments and CBS shuts down his show. Glenn Beck makes anti-Semitic comments and Fox News gives him a raise
Sarah Palin to take trip to India... if she can figure out where it is.
Fox News to offer Mubarak a job as commentator... once they figure out where Egypt is.
Farmers Insurance to pay $700 million for naming rights to L.A. football stadium... Apparently unaware L.A. doesn't have a football team.
Glee fans are getting excited at two minute warning. But they have to google to figure out what it means
The Reagan Centennial Celebration was such a success they plan on having it every year.
GOP repeal of health-care overhaul fails in the Senate. GOP successful at wasting everyone's time to satisfy stupid campaign promises
A good way to support our troops? http://ht.ly/3OXFM Rep. Michele Bachmann proposes cutting veterans' health benefits to reduce deficit
Eating meat contributes to global warming. Al Gore to become the spokesman for Taco Bell
Imitation is the sincerest form of Twitter
Republicans sat next to Democrats at State of the Union. Confused Republicans didn't know when to clap.
Biden laughed, Boehner cried, but Obama kept a straight face.
Price of Comcast's acquisition of NBC Universal from GE: $30 billion plus Keith Olbermann's contract
2nd half of GOP strategy on health care reform, "repeal and replace", was  conspicuously missing in House vote. GOP to vote no on everything
Yes @fatboystu, providing basic health care for all is a good thing.
I'm not on Facebook, but who needs friends when you can have followers?
He had a dream... "The choice today is not between violence and non-violence. It is either non-violence or non-existence." MLK, 1964
Time-wasting health care repeal by GOP will pass in the House but die in the Senate... Political theater with bad actors.
Watching Glenn Beck. He's evidently an expert on Chinese history... It turns out he's an expert on everything.
"Job-killing health care" won't "kill" jobs, but will allow people to quit jobs they don't like and still get health care.
Michael Steele withdraws from RNC race... Now he'll have more time to take his comedy act on the road http://bit.ly/7sEdNn
I apologize for my inflammatory rhetoric about Sarah Palin in my blog...unless you're not a fan of Palin, in which case I retract my apology
How's that hopey changey putting people in the crosshairs thing working out for you, Sarah http://bit.ly/gynrBv
Is political rhetoric to blame for the shooting in Arizona, or is the guy just plain nuts?... or both? http://bit.ly/gynrBv
It's lonely at the top, but the reception is better.
Note to GOP - Comedy is hard, politics is harder http://bit.ly/gZ3rGW
The Republicans kept saying Obama shouldn't have focused on health care instead of the economy. Republicans are now focusing on health care.
Republicans evidently can't read, so Democrats help them read the Constitution out loud. http://bit.ly/fjgQY9
Top 10 words of the year: #1 - refudiate. #2 to #10 - anything else Sarah Palin said.
The Republicans take control of the House today. Get ready for gridlock, bickering and grandstanding.
Well said, sir @meanspeed. I purposefully made my comments neutral as to my views on the subject, but you can probably guess where I stand.
Congress starts this week. The first order of business for the new Republican majority is to derail Health Care Reform. Let the games begin.
@TauxFu It was rhetorical but you brought up a very good point.
Why all the hoopla about WikiLeaks and Julian Assange? How did an Army private gain access to and download all this classified material?
2011 is the 1st year of the decade if you take into account that calender goes from 1BC to 1AD, without a zero. Or 1st decade AD was 9 yrs.
My New Year's resolution: To find last year's list of New Year's resolutions.
Mark Zuckerberg beats Indonesian smoking baby to become Time's "person of the year". http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iB5tJ-h7Kdo
#1 quote of the year: BP CEO Tony Hayward: "I want my life back". - #2: Anything by Sarah Palin.
Fox News is an oxymoron - Tucker Carlson is just a moron.
Tucker Carlson makes stupid comment about Michael Vick on Fox News - where he is encouraged to make stupid comments.
Tax breaks for corporations lead to more jobs... in China and India.
The only thing I'm sure of is I'm not sure of anything.
I finally took down the menorah next to the Christmas tree.
Nothing motivates the majority quite like knowing you're about to become the minority. Lame duck Democrats realize it's now or never.
Politicians should be willing to compromise, but not compromise their principles.
CEO of American Express made $17.3 million in 2009, 542 times what the average worker makes... but it didn't make him any happier.
The reports of Morgan Freeman's death are greatly exaggerated.
Mark Zuckerberg is Time's "person of the year", beating Bristol Palin.
"Spam will soon be a thing of the past"- Bill Gates, 2004 http://bbc.in/6mkT8
On vacation in Paris http://bit.ly/c3VJWM
Tax breaks continue... Unemployment benefits continue... Happy Holidays! We'll balance the budget later.
Scientists say 3 times as many stars in universe than previously thought; 300,000,000,000,000,000,000,000. More chance for extraterrestrials
Happy Hanukkah from Santa Monica
More than 2 million people receiving unemployment will lose coverage this month if Congress does not extend their benefits. Merry Christmas!
"...we read your little books... and then you die... and then we criticize your works"~ Moses Campbell www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Nxc4Ploj4I
How I'm spending my winter vacation http://www.paulsolomon.blogspot.com
Imitation is the sincerest form of twitter.
What Sean and Charlyne are doing when I am out of town http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8J0AUMZo58
My trip to Seattle is over. Why is there no seating in the original Starbucks?
Republicans oppose Democratic Headquarters near Ground Zero.
Meg Whitman spent $160 million in losing bid for governor of California. Unlike eBay, the election didn't go to the highest bidder.
Jerry Brown wins in California, but Prop 19 fails. Voters must have got lost.
"Proposition 19 would be a godsend for people who smoke marijuana religiously."- Ernie Johnson
California Prop 19: http://bit.ly/cK2YKS Vote early and vote often.
"They were counting on amnesia as a political stategy"- Obama, on Republicans and the economy (speech today in Connecticut)
"The world is getting smaller each passing day... It's time to start making changes."-Solomon Burke http://bit.ly/ysjQg None of us are free
Juan Williams fired by NPR, hired by Fox News - where he is encouraged to say offensive things.
Thanks for the kind words @IsisBenevolent - We can all learn from each other.
A year later, I'm only $34 million short http://bit.ly/iUChF
"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once." - Einstein
Legalize marijuana, save the economy. http://bit.ly/cK2YKS Prop 19 supporters get high in polls.
Meg Whitman spending $140 million of her own money to fund campaign for governor of Calif. She should have donated to failing school system.
"Imagine all the people, living life in peace" - John Lennon
I'm not on Facebook, but I've heard about it.
Jerry Brown's 1976 presidential campaign slogan: "Protect the earth, serve the people, and explore the universe." Was he ahead of his time?
Obama's approval ratings down to 46%, but both Clinton and Reagan were each at 42% at this point in their presidencies http://bit.ly/drRAFW
Democrats oppose Republican Headquarters near Ground Zero.
Prior to 9/11, the deadliest terror attack was Timothy McVeigh's Oklahoma City bombing. I don't know his religion, but he was a Republican.
"The intelligence community's mantra says: 'Increase the parameters of your enemy's paranoia'. Right now we're the enemy."- Jason Gideon
"There are some that only employ words for the pupose of disguising their thoughts" - Voltaire
Which Glenn Beck are you talking about? @calgreg I mentioned Glenn Beck to my wife, and she said, "The musician?"
RT @calgreg: @FrankTheDoorman I told my novelist sister about Glen Beck's best seller. She said, "Who is he?"
RT @nickdabrickcity: Moses campbell is @modestmouse  meets @ghostlandobservatory in the bodies of @michaelcera http://myloc.me/aT7U8
My son's band Moses Campbell plays Sunset Junction on Saturday, Aug. 21 at 2 p.m. on the Fold Edgecliff Stage http://www.sunsetjunction.org/
New medical study raises a fascinating question: Did Lou Gehrig really die of Lou Gehrig's disease? http://bit.ly/dqDUii
Stopping Homegrown Terrorism - Pipe Dream or Pipe Bomb? http://bit.ly/cFmySf
There are now 3 women on the Supreme Court. Who's next? Whoopi Goldberg?
"There's plenty good money to be made, supplying the Army with the tools of it's trade"- Country Joe McDonald http://bit.ly/kqkvk
If the car bomb hadn't been a dud, there would have been many dead tourists and a crater in Times Square. http://bit.ly/cFmySf
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drunk.
If I sell my house in the Hollywood Hills and buy a house in Detroit I can use the profits to buy a McDonald's franchise.
British Prime Minister David Cameron says President Obama has a "calm appreciation of the big picture". That's what I've been saying.
My neighbors are Russian spies. At least they have a job.
RT @HollywoodMgr: Film production is coming back to Los Angeles http://bit.ly/9W9zY8 and business picks up.
"The way to go fast...is to stop going slow." - Time magazine article on high-speed rail.
Now I see why Mel Gibson was so great in "What Women Want".
"The world is getting smaller each passing day. Now it's time to start making changes."~Solomon Burkehttp://bit.ly/ysjQg None of us are free
"And left IS right!" ~ @misselisebrown
Politically, I'm left of right.
Thanks for following me @TraceyParadiso. Any similarity between me and any fictional character, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
Glenn Beck University? http://bit.ly/du4ln2 What are his qualifications? He went to Clown College... I'm signing up for a B.S. degree!
Sometimes when God opens a door, Satan jumps out the window.
"Sometimes when God closes a door, Satan opens a window." - Dr. Raymond Langston, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation
Thanks for mentioning me not once but 3 times @becksavirgo! It's getting harder to keep my anonymity.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's the perception of winning that counts.
Thanks for the holiday greeting @HollywoodMgr - Happy 4th of July to you too, Bonnie Love
I hope everyone is having a great 4th of July!
"No drama" Obama should take acting lessons.
Bill Clinton defends Obama's response to oil spill in CNN interview: "blah, blah, blah, bum rap, blah, blah, blah"... Drill, baby, drill...
Thank you to all my friends around the world for wishing me a happy birthday yesterday.  多谢，正在联系他们的客服
@RoxieKat What are the odds we'd have a birthday on the same day? http://bit.ly/3OI4q 1 out of 365... except on leap year, 1 out of 365.25
It's Canada's birthday. It's my birthday too, yeah!
The economy is predictable. The bubble always bursts.
@girlyouareloved My art is still on display at Trigon Productions http://bit.ly/bNvdk8, and why I prefer Diet Pepsi over Diet Coke.
@crewislife New NBC News/WSJ poll shows Obama's approval rating dipping to 45 percent in June, from 50 percent in May. http://bit.ly/csleJ2
Nobody said being president was easy...Obama's ratings plummet with continuous news of oil spill and now Gen. Stanley McChrystal goes rogue.
Review: Moses Campbell, So Many Wizards & Blank Tapes at McCabe's (Santa Monica)- last Sunday's show http://tinyurl.com/3222jm2 I was there!
I sometimes can be found at Starbucks in Studio City. You may not recognize me without my tie and red jacket. Oh... and I got a haircut.
I just got back from McCabe's in Santa Monica... Special Father's Day show by my son's band MOSES CAMPBELL. They rock! http://bit.ly/HR5Rf
If you want to have a future, you must think about tomorrow.
"The federal government doesn't have the know-how (to stop oil spill); it would be like asking BP to administer the Medicare program."- Time
@JustinSchuck Thanks for the nice comment about my backround. For a closer look at my art: http://bit.ly/bNvdk8
The future is ours to write. http://www.paulsolomon.blogspot.com
I brake for coyotes... Near miss in the San Fernando Valley.
Moses Campbell http://bit.ly/cWYorr plays accoustic show at Cochina Festival, Claremont, Sat. June 5 at 5pm http://bit.ly/aWiLtA They rock!
@SuperGreek Sorry... I got your message but I woke up late. Good morning!
@itsmeLeona Is it really you? Hello! Thanks for thinking of me.
"You only get one chance in life. You either take advantage of it or you piss it away" ~ Coach Taylor, "Friday Night Lights"
One of the greatest... Dennis Hopper will be missed, but not forgotten. He left us with so many unforgettable performances.
@radish68 I'm the one on the right.
There are no small actors... RIP g.c.
I'm eating Cheez Doodles and watching "Law and Order" reruns.
Terrorism for dummies: The Times Square bomber can't blow up a balloon. http://bit.ly/bZboVZ
Happy holiday to all the mothers and their families... Dinner tonight with my wife and son... My daughter's in New Hamphire. She misses mom.
@indydina I'm glad you liked my son's artwork. I'll let him know. For everyone else, check it out at http://www.eraserzine.com/
"Your world is nothing more than all the tiny things you've left behind" http://bit.ly/A0Shf
My New Year's resolution: I plan to stop procrastinating.
My art is still on display at Trigon Records http://bit.ly/bNvdk8, and why I prefer Diet Pepsi over Diet Coke.
El mundo entero está mirando.
A writer writes... Singers sing... An actor waits around for the phone to ring.
@DonnaFaz I'll pass on your kind words! It's amazing what our kids can do when we let them follow their dreams.
@DonnaFaz http://bit.ly/brkIYG Your son's art is great. Check out my son's art: http://www.eraserzine.com/ He's going to CalArts next year.
My art is on exhibit at Trigon Records: http://bit.ly/bNvdk8 ~Blog will be back from hiatus shortly but it still stirs up controversy...
RT @terriblerose: @FrankTheDoorman Not interested in following - sorry. I'll leave your meanderings to those that get hyped on less than ...
"You can't fight hate with hate"- Protester at white supremacist rally at L.A. City Hall protecting Nazi-tattooed man. http://bit.ly/a0Labe
RT @marcmylar: @FrankTheDoorman - You got that right!
Measure to legalize marijuana will be on California's November ballot. Read what I said last June: http://bit.ly/9uamZ0
My fictional account of why we need health reform still stirs up controversy: http://twitterurl.net//D18906 and this: http://bit.ly/9zHPjg
"Read my lips"- George H.W. Bush... Read my blog: http://bit.ly/9zHPjg No new taxes?
Who said Khalid Sheikh Mohammed went to Cornell? http://bit.ly/caR2V3
How do you win a war against an enemy that wears exploding underwear? http://bit.ly/LvTk
"The world is getting smaller each passing day. Now it's time to start making changes."-Solomon Burkehttp://bit.ly/ysjQg None of us are free
The Haitian people are picking themselves up and dusting themselves off... With our help they will see a better day.
"And dust" @bluefrogJc
Out of the ruins comes hope
"How's that hopey, changey stuff working out for you?" - Sarah Palin, 2012 presidential candidate.
@espn Thanks for giving it away.
I taped the game. Don't tell me who won.
"If you can't ride two horses at once, you shouldn't be in the circus" - James Maxton (1932), Dennis Healy (2002), Sarah Palin (2010), etc.
"Speaking on behalf of millions and millions and millions of Americans who want to encourage this movement."- Palin to billion Tea Partiers.
I will DVR Sarah Palin's speech tonight so that I can come up with some hilarious quotes in the future.
@stevenwacker Thanks for mentioning my twitter backround. I was once an artist.
President Obama sent his $3.8 trillion budget proposal to Congress this morning. I remember when that was a lot of money.
There's still great music in Los Angeles- it just smells better: MOSES CAMPBELL at The Smell in Thursday's L.A. Times http://bit.ly/7c8s6z
Scott Brown (R.) wins in Mass. Did health reform die with Ted Kennedy? My fictional account of the situation: http://twitterurl.net//D18906
He had a dream... "The choice today is not between violence and non-violence. It is either non-violence or non-existence." MLK, 1964
With the help of the international community, Haiti will see a better day.
My dog watches Jay Leno at 10 pm weeknights. I predicted NBC's gamble would fail. What I said in May: http://twitterurl.net/i/0cr
Paul Solomon's year in review: 2009 http://twitterurl.net/i/01w
Have a safe and happy holiday! I will see everyone next year... Health, happiness, peace and prosperity in 2010 and beyond!
I'm an expert on Y2K preparedness. Sorry, all my seminars are booked up, but you can visit my website at: http://twitterurl.net/i/ss
Don't spend your time living in the past... Live every day as if it were the last.
@OneLegSandpiper Thanks for mentioning me. Hopefully it won't ruin your credibility.
@noralmt I am still planning to stop procastinating soon.
Joe Lieberman needs to read my fictional account of what happens to the American dream with no health reform. http://twitterurl.net//D18906
The recession is officially over!... Or not! http://twitterurl.net/i/an Mixed messages from Obama Administration...
Happy Hanukkah!... I'm going out to buy Bob Dylan's Christmas album.
I'm still reading last week's Time magazine - Cover story: "The Decade From Hell." Why do today what you can put off until the next decade?
I plan to stop procrastinating soon.
@Oldandnew4You The only way to gain entrance is to speak to my social director. Otherwise you need a press pass. Unless you crash the party.
@euonymous Iraq has universal health care. Did the U.S. taxpayer pay for it? http://twitterurl.net//M19970
Palin rates Obama 4 on a scale of 1 to 10 after accusing him of supporting health care "death panels". What would she rate Ahmadinejad?
I will be reducing my carbon footprint. Tomorrow is Green Saturday.
What's with all the spacewalks? If we can put a man on the moon, why can't we put a man on the moon again? http://twitterurl.net//M19298
When it comes to health-care reform, fact is stranger than fiction. http://twitterurl.net//D18906 My report stirs up controversy...
@genuinechris The less I write, the more followers I get.
Do we really need health care reform? My fictional account of the situation: http://twitterurl.net//D18906 The American dream?
"Maybe we should all be praying for time."-George Michael http://twitterurl.net//R18766 "Hand in hand with ignorance and legitimate excuses"
The worst thing to do is nothing... Did health care reform die with Ted Kennedy? http://twitterurl.net//E18476 Time is of the essence.
Is the glass half full or half empty? Neither...The glass is broken.
Is there hope for the hopeless? http://twitterurl.net//G18037 "You cannot buy your salvation...There is no pot of gold"- Brett Dennen
How do you fight a war against an enemy you can't recognize? Yes, Fort Hood shooter is Muslim. But he's also a psychiatrist and he's nuts.
"A writer takes his pen...to write the words again"- Stevie Wonder http://bit.ly/dtnIl
The gardener comes on Thursday. http://bit.ly/3ER7Rt
Just saw "This Is It" and yes it was. Ka-ching $! I'm more a Nirvana fan, but... http://twitterurl.net//F17402 MJ worth more dead than alive
Little know fact: If you turn up your car stereo, you drive faster. I'm supporting a bill to ban heavy metal. First it has to pass the House
@Writers_Cafe - I've changed my password, phone number, email and thinking about moving out of town, maybe Detroit. Thanks for spam alert!
"Fear not the weapon but the hand that wields it". I saw it on billboard ad. There was a crazy dude with a sword. The movie: Ninja Assassin.
If anyone can bring the film industry back to Los Angeles, you would think it would be Schwarzenegger.
Citizens Commission on Human Rights International picks up my ADHD story exposing major conflict of interest. http://twitterurl.net//Q13030
Health care reform? Senate bill taxes high-end insurance plans- can't pass the House; House bill taxes high earners- can't pass the Senate.
Federal government projects $1.42 trillion deficit for 2009. I remember when that was a lot of money.
My desk is a mess. I'm working on a rewrite of a script. Deadline- tomorrow! The economy is so bad I need less action and more adventure.
"Jay Leno experiment drifting toward failure," AOL. From my blog 6/4/09 http://bit.ly/mhtja
Amazing show by Moses Campbell last night at Pehrspace in Echo Park! Tonight at The Smell in L.A. http://www.myspace.com/mosescampbell
Hearings held Thursday on bill to lower volume of TV ads. http://bit.ly/19ul1Q
I have decided to start following hockey.
In Colorado, they voted to tie minimum wage to inflation. The state's consumer price index fell; minimum wage will go down 4 cents to $7.24.
With the new technology I can watch every show on television.
I'll be hiding in my attic all day.
Congratulations to the news media for spending most of the week chasing after the "Balloon Boy" story. That's what I call Reality TV.
Dan Deacon playing Oct. 16 at the Center for the Arts, Eagle Rock, with Special Guest MOSES CAMPBELL http://www.myspace.com/mosescampbell
Just got back in L.A.- Nobody told me it would be raining! I left my automatic sprinklers on.
My budget has shrunk. Now I'm scouting locations in Michigan. http://bit.ly/190hYC
How to cope with the economy if you work in the entertainment business in L.A.-Leave town, produce reality TV, or write a book. Or all three
I'm going to the beach without my cell phone.
I'm holding out to direct.  http://bit.ly/heBPG
Negotiations have fallen through. Don't get career advice from Paula Abdul.
I'm currently in negotiations. http://bit.ly/heBPG
Keep your eyes on the road and your hands on the wheel...Let the signs and billboards tell you how to feel.
I'll be back in L.A. Thursday. Let's do lunch.
Just landed in New York but I forgot my credit card. Thanks to my friend Bob for loaning me $500.
My favorite band, Moses Campbell, plays The Smell in Los Angeles Saturday night.  http://www.myspace.com/mosescampbell
I'm back in the San Fernando Valley, where the smog settles in like cheap hairspray and you can fry an egg on the streets during the summer.
I'm getting closer to financing my new movie. I'm just $34 million short. http://bit.ly/heBPG
Yes, I'm back! The answers to your questions: http://bit.ly/IHdpM
Finally back from vacation. Any questions? http://bit.ly/1aUc8F
Just got back from Boston. What else am I up to? http://bit.ly/IHdpM
The gardener comes on Thursday. http://bit.ly/IHdpM
Paul Solomon has a new screenplay in the works. www.paulsolomon.blogspot.com
Explosion in use of antipsychotic drugs in kids. Why?  http://bit.ly/15Acw7
CIA assassination squads? It sounds like the movies. http://bit.ly/MiVN2
What does Nicole Kidman have in common with Barry Bonds? http://bit.ly/1a1Wgw
Drug Czar on CNN: "Talk to your kids." http://bit.ly/hv2dh
What does Barack Obama have in common with Joe Camel? http://www.digitaljournal.com/article/275403
What does Bubbles the Chimp have in common with Corey Feldman? http://bit.ly/XKm70
Prescription drugs and Michael Jackson. What's the deal?http://bit.ly/A1sro
Neda Agha-Soltan - The Birth Of An Icon http://bit.ly/cvvgu
Red Bull Cola is pulled from the stores in Germany; 0.13 micrograms per liter of cocaine are found in the drink. I just bought 200 cans.
ABC's execs take giant pay raises while cutting costs. I'm signing the petition to save "Samantha Who?" at http://bit.ly/XgUHG
Joe Biden revealed the location of Dick Cheney's secret bunker, where Cheney hid after 9/11. Biden reportedly uses it to play poker.
Live green and prosper.
Dick Cheney's "We Used Enhanced Interrogation Techniques Because They Worked" tour continues.
I'm taking the weekends off.
Lately, I've been thinking.
I'm trying to reach Al Gore for a comment.
I'm reading the news.
Watching Rachel Maddow