and yet he has an estimated net worth of $24million .
ways . I guarantee Senator Mitch McConnell will never allow such a bill to even go to a vote , because he has made millions while being a "Public Servant", he has only served himself and it has never been in public . Senator Mitch McConnell has been an elected official since 1972
Thank You, Speaker Pelosi , this should have never needed to be done , the Republican Party has gotten so corrupt we should have never had to do this . They will probably block it from passing the Senate because of the many corrupt Senators who don't want to change their corrupt https://t.co/iUHqYMtvOM
Hey Trump, Ben-gazi and "Fire and Fury " , how about "Uranium One" . How about the "Steele Dossier" .
Shit happens . Why are we even selling our Military hardware to anyone especially countries that are known to not be the most trust-worthy . GWB https://t.co/6kXCVmzg7f
constituents will believe everything he says and they will expect there to be further chargers brought against him and discredit Michael Cohen's testimony which will undermine the case against Trump . The Republicans would not allow this to happen and neither should the Democrats
Rep. Jim Jordan needs to be investigated for lying to the people and possibly witness tampering for claiming Michael Cohen "Lied five or six times" during his testimony before Congress . Rep. Jim Jordan should not be allowed to go on National television and lie because his https://t.co/vRuHxgl7FA
President Bill Clinton wasn't laundering Russian money through the United States Treasury and other United States government agencies . Bill Clinton only got caught having an affair and lying about it , that is just the beginning of what Trump has been accused of . https://t.co/rXqaClhwlT
more senior Republican Senators in the United States Senate .
destroy our democracy and how many are just bribed, blind stooges who are just serving their own personal interests and don't really care what happens to our country or anyone living in it as long as they get their money, like Senator Mitch McConnell and most of the older ,
I am trying to figure out how many Republicans are just flat-out criminals, how many are just too stupid to realize Trump is a liar, running a criminal enterprise out of our White House, how many are being bribed by Trump and the Kremlin to turn a blind eye to their plot to
Trump is an Idiot and he is surrounded by drunken sycophants .
drove the UN troops off of the North Korean Peninsula and all the way to beaches of South Korea . Then the UN was forced to sign a Peace Agreement in order to save the UN troops left in Korea after we left . We lost thousands of troops and never recovered thousands left behind.
against North Korea and China . Trump is too stupid to know that when the US Army was driving the North Korean Army back north they were met by 1,000,000 Chinese soldiers that flooded across the Chinese border to force the UN troops out of Korea . The 1,000,000 Chinese soldiers
Trump will regret this move when the Korean Peninsula blows up in a war, after Kim Jong Un realizes South Korea is alone against North Korea, China and Russia . These drills have been going on for decades and were started to show the Communists that South Korea was not alone https://t.co/SwHFkFcp8O
dictatorial politicians like him .
I don't guess such specifics matter, after all they're just trained seals . Trump also said Mueller being unelected meant his indictments shouldn't matter . I guess Trump believes America doesn't want an impartial justice system but would rather have laws dictated by corrupt
Apparently today at CPAP Trump was throwing more dead fish to his barking seals, getting the seals to bark "Lock her up" and during his Adderall snorting induced two hour sweating monologue Trump forgot he didn't win the popular vote . But when shouting commands to trained seals
he still couldn't get the top clearance , and his "Daddy-in-law" could have just "given" Jared Kushner the same clearance he has now .
I'm sorry I missed you , this morning on AM Joy . I always enjoy hearing your views . I mean, how many times did Jared Kushner have to redo his papers and still wasn't allowed to have the top clearance . It was over one hundred attempts at getting his paperwork done right and https://t.co/nqXpRAopQf
You are inspiring people from many diverse areas of our great nation . I believe most Americans want a nation based on ideals set forth by our Nations Founders and I believe you represent those, and that is why people are drawn to you for insight , speaking for myself . https://t.co/o4IVWUdJhj
Next ! https://t.co/W6trE4OLM0
Trump has only opened a Bible when he was using it as a prop .
"White Jesus", this is the first time in my 70years on God's best Creation I ever heard that . I never knew people in Ancient Israel and Palestine were Caucasian . Is this in reference to a statement from Trump ? If so then I can understand the misstatement , because I am certain https://t.co/7EYxV6qFYD
The new name for Republicans is Fascist .
Trump is sweating during his speech at CPAP because he snorted too much Adderall , before going on stage to speak .
This is just another cover-up, Trump is losing his mind because he can't stand not being the center of attention and is also acting out because he is afraid of going to prison for his crimes .
Trump spent three days in Hanoi, Viet Nam , supposedly negotiating a Nuclear Disarmament Treaty with North Korea and accomplished absolutely nothing except giving Kim Jong Un legitimacy on the World Stage , so now Trump is freaking out . Trump is absolutely losing his mind .
@NicolleDWallace  I believe Jared Kushner had his security clearance blocked was when he was caught asking the Russian Ambassador to the US, Sergei Kislyak , to help him get a private unsecured line of communication to the Kremlin .
How can Trump call Kim Jung Un his friend after the way Trump sucked up to the Warmbier family , after Otto Warmbier came home in a vegetative state and died shortly afterward . https://t.co/gaXcxhEjbZ
Oh, I get it now . That train car behind him says "Tea Party Express" . https://t.co/uS0JeWCABC
Mark Meadow , does this look familiar ? https://t.co/uS0JeWCABC
"Never letting this happen again" will require everyone do their civic duty from here to eternity and vote,  just vote . https://t.co/2fwdmoxxpr
I admire her strength , that has to be difficult to come to terms with something that life altering . https://t.co/X8709asRRO
Must be part of the Mara Lago Mafia . https://t.co/mLG8WU2gGT
@RepMattGaetz  Hey, there bucko just wanted to tell you , you ain't dealing with shoe shine boy Paul Ryan, or Russian lackey Kevin McCarthy anymore and you just stepped in it . I really hope you don't slip and fall down , you might hurt your BOO BOO .
Strike up the band and start the parade . https://t.co/Nkva3WOB2d
service to the Great Nation we both love .
@RepKatiePorter  I just saw a video of you on "The Last Word" with Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC and just wanted to thank you for your work to protect the American people . I am probably twenty or thirty years older than you but you are my new hero . Again, thank you for your
Wriggle worm wriggle . https://t.co/TC7tdswRfd
Rep. Matt Gaetz(R-FL) acting like a fool may have finally gotten him into deep trouble . It seems he may have broken 18 USC 1512 , I am not an Attorney but I've got a friend . https://t.co/dvVDYK1BBJ
@realDonaldTrump  You're over fifty years late, but at least you finally made it to Viet Nam .
From one friend to another, yes he is . https://t.co/vU5DQQS7RP
Rep. Matt Gaetz is not even on the House Committee Michael Cohen is supposed to testify before tomorrow so why is he "challenging the veracity and character of a witness" since he won't have any opportunity to question anything about anyone ? How much smoke can one fathead blow ? https://t.co/826rYXuxmy
Trump and his Administration are disgraces to the reputation of this once the greatest nation on Earth .
fault that is , they need to be punished , like five years each count, served concurrently , in federal prison . We must protect and defend these families . They are being held in the custody of the United States of America . Let that soak in for a few minutes . How do we look ?
@AyannaPressley  Since I first heard about this family separation policy I have been trying to determine whose brain child that policy was . I have narrowed it down to one of three entities ; A.G. Sessions , Secretary Neilsen or President Trump . It doesn't matter to me whose
Lock'em up. https://t.co/YJ4m9vaw4p
@RepMattGaetz  I was just wondering there Mr. Hot Shot why do you suppose your little Trump boy would need to ask Putin to send Sergei Lavrov to North Korea to help Trump negotiate with Kim Jung Un ? How many Rubles is Putin paying all you Russian tools to help him and Trump ?
I hope tomorrow when Michael Cohen goes to testify before the House Committee on Oversight and Reform ,  someone asks Rep. Matt Gaetz(R-FL) why he believes Trump asked Putin to send Sergei Lavrov to North Korea to help Trump negotiate with Kim Jung Un .
@Kasparov63  How do you suppose Trump will thank Putin?
I read the Chairman of the House Ethics Committee say he has some questions he needs answered . https://t.co/lG7QNEr0oj
Cohen's testimony and Gaetz attempted to influence Michael Cohen's testimony by trying to scare Mr. Cohen concerning his marriage , and naming Michael Cohen's wife .
@RepCummings  Don't you feel Rep. Matt Gaetz(R-FL) should appear before which ever committee would be appropriate to explain his attempted intimidation of Michael Cohen before his testimony before Congress . Someone gave Rep. Gaetz harmful insider information about Michael
And a Trump licker . https://t.co/YoxIW3cSQV
I read one of Manafort's daughter's quote saying his money had blood on it . I believe that was in reference to the airplane Russia shot down over Ukraine , killing everyone on board . https://t.co/BnrVLwwxBL
So, Rep. Matt Gaetz(R-Fl)  thinks of our Congress as a "marketplace"? https://t.co/dc5IeK1npY
Justice shall prevail . https://t.co/dc5IeK1npY
They've been on the border for 10 months and finally caught some immigrants . https://t.co/MVqKj0XYsw
Normal people don't pay any attention to you Cuckoo Birds about anything . https://t.co/3v9FKgZ161
I believe the Vodka was ordered for Kim , so he could give it to Trump so he could wash down his Adderall with it . https://t.co/TmyktO85P6
I'm crushed , by a Russian tool . https://t.co/dv88vQEQVR
I'm hoping they can make the Campaign Finance violation stick . Then, I would support an effort to nullify the Big Orange Doofuses whole election victory . https://t.co/PbKg9Tn2Sx
Yes, it is and will keep tweeting Speaker Pelosi until Rep. Gaetz and all the other Fascists in the House are sent home or to prison . https://t.co/LAKa6a4Y7z
No, jack*ss we're trying to prevent more of our innocent children from being murdered in their classrooms . You jack*ss I am a gun owner but support responsible gun control legislation , so why don't you go play in the traffic and let the adults control difficult issues . https://t.co/8XF7Ox46GK
This is long past due . https://t.co/lS4BsM7UP5
@SpeakerPelosi  I would like to know if you are aware of Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) trying to intimidate Michael Cohen into not testifying tomorrow by making salacious accusations concerning Michael Cohen and his wife . That needs to stop and Rep. Gaetz needs to lose his committees.
@RepCummings  Are you aware of Rep. Matt Gaetz(R-FL) trying to intimidate Michael Cohen by Tweeting about Michael Cohen and his wife ?
I believe Special Counsel Robert Mueller's team get over 1million bits of proof when they raided Michael Cohen's Office, Apartment and Home . https://t.co/oNCZ4anfLD
has decided not to appropriate for that purpose . You are setting yourself up for abuse of this by future Presidents .
@senatemajldr    You really think people believe you haven't made a decision on whether or not you have decided if Trump is overreaching his power by claiming a National Emergency when there is not an actual emergency on the Mexican Border and to use that to get money Congress
@senatemajldr    What you really meant to say was   Kelly Knight Craft and her husband and friends have billions of dollars they can spread among you and your Republican co-horts , to make you all very wealthy .
him before he can get that much power , the Senate is the last stand of our Democracy to stop Trump . You are ceding your power to a criminal .
Law" just so he can get away with anything he wants to do to gain total control of the Department of Justice so he can stop the Justice Department from pursuing the cases against him for the crimes he has committed, before and after he was elected President . You all must stop
more Authority than he is Constitutionally mandated . Trump does not know the meaning of the word "NO" .  Have you and the other "Old Boys" in the U.S. Senate given any thought to the what will be Trump emergency next month? I have to warn you Trump is going to declare "Martial
@senatemajldr  I am a constituent of yours and have written you numerous times trying to get you to stop this President from overreaching his Constitutionally mandated authorities but you have refused to heed my warnings . Now we are again on the verge of Trump trying to gain
@senatemajldr  You are a short-sighted, ignorant old fool . Have any of you thought about what will be Trump's emergency next month or the month after r? How far is Trump away from declaring Martial Law ?
Maybe his wig and makeup just can't be fixed . They are all 72 years old . https://t.co/PawV4b5S76
No, he dyed his face orange and it bled over into his hair . https://t.co/ycPcY9dcxa
about your criminal activity and maybe feel some contrition for them, while serving hard time at GITMO . You slimy greaseball, I wish we could sentence your whole worthless, criminal family to life in prison, but I guess we'll have to settle for 20 to 30 years for each of you .
and get her to sympathize with you and your invalid father , because we don't sympathize with Russian assets . You punk face Fascists want people to sympathize with you because you crooked punks got caught are too cowardly to accept your fate , you have years and years to think
@DonaldJTrumpJr  You punk face sissy, you , your sugar daddy juvenile father and your Russian bought Republican Party never cut President Obama any slack at any time , regardless of the difficulties his Administration was enduring . So go cry on your porn star step mother's lap
connections over to the Casino business when he learned about the Russian's desire to have a way to launder their ill-gotten gains .
executive privilege . I have worried about the damage Trump could do to our country because I have followed his career for quite some time and know about his dealings with the Russian Mafia when he worked with them in the New York Construction trade and then he took those
I always look forward to hearing your views , when you appear on MSNBC . I have a feeling you will be discussing some Constitutional issues shortly because Trump will try to block the House of Representatives from exposing as much of his criminal activity as he can , by claiming https://t.co/1uPAEELxEd
Maybe he will serve some useful purpose and bring home some of our lost heroes from the Viet Nam War . https://t.co/pmOuASi4jk
argumentative statements just so he can promote division among the American people just by making contrary statements . Trump is using the subliminal thought process of people to sow division among the American people .
Trump is an inbred idiot, why do you publish  what he says ? Some people will actually believe what he says . So why promote his propaganda ? He only makes statements so people will take different sides and then that causes division in the country . Trump continually makes https://t.co/wo3z5U7XjB
Clear and concise . https://t.co/lA1Gle0Ycm
@DrJenGunter I currently don't have one but I do believe most men should know them better than they do .
the parade passes by him until Melania nudges him .
Trump must still be pushing his Military Parade to honor him . I don't believe community leaders will allow M-1A Abrams tanks on their city streets . I can just picture Trump standing at attention and being so enthralled by his sense of self grandeur that he forgets to salute as https://t.co/ofIn3W28gf
They look uncomfortable because the air down here is different from back home . https://t.co/x85QAsrAf2
@realDonaldTrump  You won't be able to run for President in 2020 because you're going to be in Prison at GITMO .
@realDonaldTrump   You should get a hard hat with the "MAGA" logo on it so you can tell your followers that the sky is falling .
I don't believe a convicted felon can run for an elected office . Maybe his daddy and the other Republican Criminals will change the law by then . https://t.co/S6ZglxlJBv
@DonaldJTrumpJr  Convicted felons can't be elected to the Presidency .
@CynthiaAlksne  I always learn so much when you are on MSNBC . I look forward to seeing more of you .
RT @tribelaw: From the guy Trump conned decades ago into listing him among Forbes list of the 400 richest Americans, here’s a marvelous man…
North Korean missile flights over Japan .
What I want to know is how did Trump get Japanese PM Shinzo Abe to nominate Trump for a Nobel Prize ? I don't know if Trump conceded the American military base on Okinawa which PM Abe wanted moved to a more isolated area on Okinawa or if it was over the U.S. protecting Japan from
Paul Manafort is not the only criminal associated with Trump . Now the whole Republican Party is under suspicion of conspiring with our most formidable adversary since the end of WWII . https://t.co/tcmWU9beev
way all of the law enforcement officials at our DOJ hold themselves and their associates to such a high standard of integrity . I have really gained a lot more respect for the work you all do and have done in the past and the integrity with which you all do your jobs .
Yes ma'am you absolutely called the Roger Stone hearing 100% correct . I love to hear your opinion on these cases because I learn so much from you . I have gained a great deal about how the American Judicial system actually works and I have gained a great deal of respect for the https://t.co/qM3malHJDc
greatly reduced forced labor and worker exploitation by the wealthy business owners .
force the American industrialists of that period to give their workers an 8 hour work day and a 40 hour work week . That American Socialist movement was the driving force behind the formation of Unions which changed the way workers negotiated for better working conditions and
I have no doubt but what Trump will try to smear the Democrats that claim to be Socialists . I think the American voting public need to be reminded or maybe told for the first time the American Socialist Party were the group that marched and protested in the 1900s and 1910s to
supporting also . I guess I have to put myself in the undecided column . It is going to be hard for me to pick a candidate so I will have to wait .
Trump that I am going to have to pull back on picking one candidate to support . We as Democrats just have so many good candidates I going to have to wait for the process to narrow the field . I like Kamala Harris  quite a bit and their are several others I could see myself
@IAmSophiaNelson  I have been waiting for Senator Amy Klobuchar(D-Minn.) to announce her candidacy since her performance during the Kavanaugh hearings , however now I must confess my opinions are changing and I must say there are so many good Democratic Candidates to challenge
United we win . We can at least unite against our common opponent . https://t.co/pWOXvwRYT3
ideas before we start deciding who to support and why we chose our candidates .
be Former Vice President Joe Biden but I won't know who to support for quite a while yet . I want to hear all of the candidates ideas on all of the topics before I decide who to support . I believe we all need to just slow down and listen and let the candidates develop their
@theabstoddard   I'm with you , I had been waiting for Sen. Amy Klobuchar(D-Minn.) to announce her Presidential Campaign and I am glad she did announce her candidacy. The field is getting crowded and I hope she does well , the only candidate I can see that could defeat her would
ranches just in time for 2020 election .
@senatemajldr  We Democrats will enjoy dragging you Republicans through the mud for seizing rancher's lands in Texas . There are already 1000 ranchers getting ready to file suits against Trump and the Republican Party to stop you from claiming eminent domain to seize their
lawsuit against Federal Government and I fought a battle I knew I would ultimately lose for ten years . You are going to be drug through the dirt for seizing people's homes .
@LindseyGrahamSC  1000 Ranchers on the Southwest Border with Mexico are getting ready to file law suits against Trump and Republican Party to stop you from claiming eminent domain to seize their lands . Just in time for 2020 election . I had my property seized in eminent domain
and the truth should be what we all want . Do you think your Russian President is above the law or are you just afraid of what the truth will bring to you and your party ?How many Republicans have been bought by the Russian money that Trump is offering to you to cover-up for him.
defend your President rather worrying getting to the bottom of whether or not he is an agent of our worst foreign adversary . What are you Republicans so afraid of , that your President really is working for Russia and you want to defend him so you can get your Rubles ? Justice
@LindseyGrahamSC   "Attempted Bureaucratic Coup"? You really should be worried about Trump being an agent of Russia . If the F.B.I. was worried about your President being an agent of Russia then they were within their bounds . The Republican Party is going way overboard trying to
Dossier so the American People would be distracted from the actual content of the Steele Dossier .
between Russian Intelligence Agencies and member of the Trump Presidential Campaign . I am under the impression this was all sweep under the rug by Republicans in Congress by trying to discredit the Steele Dossier and causing a big dust-up over the credibility of the Steele
@Morning_Joe  If I remember correctly , about the time the Famous Steele Dossier began to come into public discourse, I think I remember hearing in those discussions that some of the European Intelligence agencies had told the F.B.I. that they had intercepted communications
People , you don't care about the Mexican Border Wall you just want to do what Putin tells you to do which is divide the American People . You're nothing but a lying, thieving, Russian agent sent here to weaken America for Putin .
@realDonaldTrump  You got your 2017 Trump Tax Cut to benefit Millionaires and Corporations through Congress so why didn't you get your Mexican Border Wall through Congress when you controlled it all . Because you are following Putin's orders and just want to divide the American
@realDonaldTrump   This whole border wall issue is your fault for not getting it done when Republicans controlled both houses of Congress .  Then trying to push it all off on Democrats so they would be blamed for wasting billions on something 70% of Americans don't want .
@realDonaldTrump   If you weren't such a man child the satire of SNL wouldn't bother you , I would suggest you grow up but it is impossible for you to go back 70 years . Maybe just stop snorting Adderall , and you wouldn't be quite so paranoid . Maybe .
these insurance companies .
costing our country $2trillion a year. And they are working a case through the Federal Court system to take away the right of people with pre-existing conditions to be protected from insurance companies denying them of their right to be guaranteed health insurance coverage by
Senator Ron Johnson(R-WI) told Chuck Todd this morning the Republicans did not have the power to pass a bill to fund the Trump Border Wall , even though the Republicans controlled both House of Representatives and the Senate but they did pass the 2017 Trump Tax Cut which is
household , maybe the Democrats should open an investigation into all Republicans working in Washington, D.C. to find out how many Republicans have illegal immigrants working for them in their homes and possibly in their businesses outside of Congress .
President Trump had how many undocumented immigrants working for him, Heather Nauert has to withdraw her name from contention to be our U.N. Ambassador because she has an undocumented nanny working with her children, Mick Mulvaney has an undocumented immigrant working in his
Trump . https://t.co/kJl96j5X8U
Senator Ron Johnson is trying to tell Chuck Todd the Republicans didn't have control of the House of Representatives and the Senate for two years before the Democrats won the House of Representatives in 2018 and therefore could not have given Trump the money for his Border Wall ?
Surprising ? No, not really . Russia has been messing with western democracies since the end of WWII . https://t.co/L3umBdFcib
ever he wants to do just because he is a Republican ? They certainly would have fought President Obama tooth and nail if he had ever tried to extend his power this far .
to corrupt our 2016 election that the FBI should not investigate the President simply because he is a Republican President ? Is the protection of the Republican Party more important to them than protecting our country . The Republicans want to give Trump a free pass to do what-
Faux News is bashing former acting FBI director Andrew McCabe for beginning an investigation into the possibility that Donald Trump was acting as an agent of Russia . What else should the FBI do ? Are the Republicans actually saying that if Trump was working on behalf of Russia
Are these the actions of a normal person ? https://t.co/a62q7FLm3Z
Trump is what is known as an eminent threat to our Democracy .
How do the beings from that Planet transform into human looking beings so quickly ? https://t.co/YEtKUQoxOu
now and send all you Nazi agitators back to Russia or Mars or where ever all you Mongoloid Hydrocephalic Cretins came from .
to tear down the Trump wall because American women don't want to have babies because they are too expensive so women quit having babies and we must tear down the Trump Wall so immigrants can come into America to fill the vacant jobs . Maybe we should just drain the Trump swamp
@LouDobbs  You'll be crying in your nightmare little world when the next Democratic President decides they want to declare a National Emergency and confiscate all you Nazi's guns. How will you react when the Democratic President delares a National Emergency and decides they want
that Vladimir Putin has given him to divide and weaken the American people .
@Morning_Joe  Trump is signing this Emergency Declaration for the fight . He doesn't care about what is right or what is wrong he doing this just to divide the country . He loves to divide the American people, this is part of his Vladimir Putin's playbook . This is the plan
@CalNBC  Thank You for your great segments from the border and explanations of that hole in that wall . I just hope someday that we can solve this border issue properly. We can not keep causing the injuries to women and children who are only seeking justice, liberty and security.
They are all going to pay dearly for their unconstitutional actions . https://t.co/GeMw1rvw6L
The Program with the highest viewer rating on the entire Fox Cable TV Network is "The Trump Celebrity Challenge Show" starring Donald Trump as "President" and Sean Hannity as "Ding-a-Ling".
How many rubles did Trump promise you to support his nut job plot to over throw our government . You should know better than to go down this path . You know of the long term results of this action . https://t.co/iZo3S0Bsce
I love your diction . https://t.co/IM6tITMQDa
You are going to have your work cut out for you , because the NRA has a lot of Rubles . https://t.co/c2QyXm0OAy
@SykesCharlie Every time I read one of your Tweets , I begin to hear that thin,  twangy guitar sound playing the theme of the "Twilight Zone".
So now Trump even has Doctors lying for him , what is happening ? I feel like I am living in the "Twilight Zone". https://t.co/nRzTqlnXaz
Don't know how you find this Tweet, but congratulations on another home run . https://t.co/BXE6ckuOYo
The Murder epidemic in America, committed by Americans is a National Emergency . https://t.co/CX823PtTbW
years in office , and allowed the Representatives of our oldest and most determined adversary in our White House without our American press there to tell the people the American side of the story, and to side with the Russians even over our Intelligence Agencies .
America needs to decide if we are going to side with a public servant who has devoted his life to fight crime and protect the American people from both domestic and foreign criminals or side with a President who lied to the American people close to 7,000 times in just over two
Matt Gaetz is a troll wiener who needs to be voted out of Congress . https://t.co/kS2hk4Iu9y
Looks like Vlad from the back . https://t.co/uCkX9CQ0A4
Senator Lindsey Graham wants to get Andrew McCabe to come and testify to the Senate Judiciary Committee so they can question him about the Warrant they got to investigate Carter Page and how that all transpired . https://t.co/12Xr744NvH
@CalNBC  Thank you for your excellent reporting from the Mexican Border .
February 14, 2018 was my 68th birthday and I will never forget what happened on my 68th birthday, who we lost on that day and what that means to our country . I am a gun owner and I want more gun control legislation so we can end this national epidemic of gun violence . https://t.co/N3D8vAK3iK
I have a feeling Rep. Kevin McCarthy(R-Ca.) is going to wish he lived in Utah . https://t.co/t6yfM6ncoM
The Republican Senators are in the middle of a social Hurricane and it is just about to make land fall . https://t.co/iOLC7A1H7t
your Russian troll President to declare a National Emergency and we'll show you how far we can stretch the rules of Executive privilege .
support their lying, racist , punk thug criminal Russian troll , now in the White House . You want to support another slow motion Saturday Night Massacre . We'll vote you out with all of the other old Senators and flip these actions around on you Republicans . Go ahead and get
@LindseyGrahamSC  You are supposed to be protecting and defending the American people, not a lying, two-bit petty thug who has lied to the American people close 7,000 times since he stole the 2016 Presidential Election with the help of Russia . Is Russia now paying you Rubles to
it was a character building experience , which was a hard sell for our high school classmates .
When I was growing up, we were so poor we survived on PB&amp;J for years . We also ate instant mashed potatoes and "Spam" sandwiches , "Spam" was cheap back then . we live on government subsidized foods for years . My mom tried to make it easier for my brother and me by telling us https://t.co/Sv3ox7GU4K
Roger Stone lies so much he doesn't even know when he is lying . Anyone who gives him financial support should donate their money to a worthy charity instead . https://t.co/Sv3ox7GU4K
Just know the fight will be harder in the U.S. Senate, because the Republicans in the U.S. Senate are still owned by the Blood Money of the NRA . https://t.co/FIzWgFoX6i
forget what happened at Marjory Stoneman Douglas , I will never have another birthday without thinking about all the people who lost so much on my birthday at Marjory Stoneman Douglas .
Mr. Guttenberg, I don't know you and you don't know me and I don't know how to say what my heart wants me to say . Just know I am with you fighting for gun control laws, the fight will not be easy , but know that you will not be alone . February 14, is my birthday so I will never https://t.co/soClKv6iBx
the Republican Party will fight us to keep their Blood money from the NRA flowing into their pockets . I have been a gun owner for over 45 years but was an NRA member for less than a year when I bought my first gun and didn't know any better .
occurred and I can never be happy on my birthday ever again . I will never forget the MSD High School shooting for the rest of my life . This fight has only just begun, because the NRA is one of the lobbying organizations that pay huge sums of money to the Republican Party and
February 14, 2018 was my 68th birthday and that was the second worst day of my life . The day my mother died is the only day in my life that was worse . Now I must accept the fact that on my birthday the shooting at Margery Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida https://t.co/M0HWXJKBKR
Because she is a female and has dark skin . https://t.co/AMzJZAkLB7
@LawProfButler    I thought the FBI agents who went to Roger Stone's house to arrest him had guns drawn because Roger Stone had told Randy Credico to "Prepare to die". FBI justified the number of agents because they were afraid Roger Stone would destroy evidence .
to prove anything to any one , and I certainly wouldn't feel  superior by murdering an unarmed animal , unless I absolutely needed to eat it . Ban Trophy Hunting . Our creator created that animal for a purpose and it wasn't to be a "Trophy" head on a wall .
What was this mountain goat's means of self defense , other than to climb higher on the mountain ? I am a gun owner and have been since 1971 and I have never known  the feeling of killing another of my God's creations . I know my mastery of my universe and I don't feel the need https://t.co/MDJd9lgl9C
are just off the top of my head , that need to be written and supported .
As a gun owner since 1971, I am in favor of limited gun magazines, expanded background checks , and most certainly keeping people who are on the "No fly list" from being able to own a gun . I am certain there are other limitations that I would support but these are the ones that https://t.co/8PrM1tspjO
courage the working class from asking for privileges in the work environment, which was why labor unions were formed . To give the working class the power to combat the control of employers . We must unite and control our future , or they will determine how we live and work .
needs of the workers and prioritize the most important needs of the American people and fight for what we want . Do we need family paid leave ? What are the guidelines we want in the law governing that ? Labeling worker benefits as socialism is a scare tactic of fascists to dis-
The American Socialist Party in , I believe the year was 1908, proposed a law which required employers to limit the work schedules to eight hours a day and 40 hours a week, which labor unions adopted and eventually put into legislation . We as American citizens must decide the https://t.co/KTJkJZlvhB
the people who live under the viaduct where I-95 goes over ……….(Fill in the blank.)
Shocking, I never knew that happened . There are just so many things that have gone wrong in the richest country on Earth . What else have we done to people . These people have no one representing them, right ? I mean they have no home so who represents them ? Who represents the https://t.co/vbQ3faWTKi
water full of mercury, arsenic and other heavy metals . Oh, wait maybe back when you went to school they didn't teach you about how heavy metals are poisonous to Caucus needs to be replaced . The Dinosaurs died out 100,000,000 years ago, maybe it's time for more to be replaced .
@senatemajldr   Maybe, while you and your "Old Farts Caucus" have your heads stuck in the ground you all can look and see if maybe you all can find another  vein of coal for Trump to sell to a power plant so we can all breathe more of that wonderful Sulphur Dioxide and drink
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump  See ya in Court, you lying, stinking puss bag .
and then the Russians and Ukranians would get their sanctions dropped and the facilities Obama closed would be re-opened and the Russians could send their spies back here to spy on us from the security of their compounds and consulates .
so the Russians could interfere in certain close races as was their commitment to Trump and Trump would provide the data for them to use . Then when the election was over and done Trump would be President, Manafort would be paid the money owed to him by the Russians and Ukranians
Art rather than Science ; Perhaps the Russian Intelligence Agencies were withholding millions of dollars they owed to Paul Manafort just to make sure Paul Manafort completed his assigned tasks by handing over the latest polling data all the way up until the week of election day
I couldn't bring myself to laugh about this idiot because we must deal with him for two more years and he could do a lot of damage in that amount of time . https://t.co/pwrk7ruZrW
In the richest Nation on Earth , we should be able to work on this problem and come to a resolution every one can agree on . https://t.co/R17sRETh6N
@realDonaldTrump  You have no grounds on which to attack Rep. Ilian Omar because you have never apologized for any of the atrocities that have come out of your mouth .
is real and what is one of your delusional aberrations .
@realDonaldTrump  You're delirious in your own paranoid little world where you can create and defeat all of your own personal demons . Democrats are not going to give you anything , and that is not one of your personal delusions .  Your mind is so broken you don't even know what
@realDonaldTrump  You lying, trolling sack of puss . You have never done anything in your life that was a lie . You forgot all about your lie of Mexico paying for your wall . Go troll Mexico and get them to pay for your wall so you can fulfill your promise to your constituents .
@realDonaldTrump  You are nothing more than a trolling sack of puss, you will do your greatest service to our great nation when you run for re-election so we can expose you for being the lying sack of puss that is the core of your very being .
@realDonaldTrump  RICO will finish your crime spree . You are nothing more than a common two-bit con man, criminal thug, liar, a traitor and a thief .
@realDonaldTrump  The biggest mess you have ever cleaned up? You have never held a real job so you don't know the meaning of work . The hardest job you have ever done was carrying away the money you stole from someone else .
each. Did the leaders of your caucus make more of that money or was it divided evenly ?
@SteveScalise  How much of that $50million bribe that Sheldon Adelson paid to your members , after you passed that Trump Tax Cut of 2017, did you each member receive ?Along with all the other money other wealthy people gave you all, you must have all gotten at least $1million
a criminal activity we will ask you for advice as to how to distribute the money we steal from the American people the way you have done .
caucus accomplished while you were in control was a corrupt pay to play scheme that only served to enrich your members and accomplished nothing for the American people, unless they were wealthy and participated in your pay to play scheme . If we should ever decide to pursue such
@SteveScalise  You've done such a great job running your caucus that you ran it right out of control of congress . Don't try to destroy our Democratic caucus the way you did the Republican caucus . We are doing just fine without any input from you losers . The only thing your
@realDonaldTrump   Every time you open your stupid mouth you just reinforce our opinion of your ignorance of what America really is . You were born in a bubble of ignorance and corruption and have lived your entire life surrounded by petty criminals and thugs and it shows .
you and the other lying Republicans allowing Trump to side with Russia because of your cowardice . You are all selling America out to Russia along with Trump .
@LindseyGrahamSC  Can't wait to see your lying President being confronted with the truth at his rally in El Paso, Texas . The tide is going out and it is going to flush all the Republican trash out with it . You and the other lying, thieving Republicans are done we are thru with
@LindseyGrahamSC You and your whole lying Republican Party are on your way out of control of our Government . The people are taking our government back . No more of your tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations leaving us to pay for it . We are done with your lies .
time . We are going to vote you and all the other lying Republicans out of office . None of you Republicans have any concern for the struggles of working people and we will vote every one of you out of office and enjoy doing it .
lie of a tax cut for working people when in reality you had no intention what so ever to help the average hard working American , but rather ran up trillions of dollars of debt we will have to pay for . You and your other Republicans have lied to the American people for the last
@LindseyGrahamSC  You goony bird puke head Republicans should worry about the enormous debt you all handed the Democrats to fix . You all robbed all of the future generations of Americans of any chance to have any kind of future without first fixing the debt you ran up with your
@LindseyGrahamSC  You and the other goony bird puke head Republicans should worry more about how to keep your crooked, treasonous President from selling our country out to Russia and worry less about what Democrats are doing .
You've got a real nut job as your President and this is the only complaint you have against the Democrats . The "Real Donald Trump" should spend more of his time figuring a way to stay out of prison , rather than eating Big Macs and French Fries and watching TV . https://t.co/8Ip0OMYKZh
"D" , all of the above and probably more . https://t.co/xYhWJyoDcO
just know I have to chose someone and I have a long list of people I believe are qualified and I will have  to chose one soon but it is very, very early and I am not ready to chose a nominee, yet .
want to watch and make an informed decision as to whom I will eventually put all of my support behind . I like : Sen. Kamala Harris, Sen. Amy Klobuchar, former VP Joe Biden, Sen. Cory Booker, Sen. Elizabeth Warren , Former Gov. Terry McAuliffe and this list is not complete . I
Cory Booker is on my list of viable contenders in the Democratic Campaign to nominate the next President of the United States of America . Senator Booker has been on my list since he was Mayor of Newark, New Jersey . I also have about five or six other people in my mind that I https://t.co/eHelgHKIES
Now all of our National Security Council leaders will have to learn how to draw cartoons so they can tell Trump what is occurring in the World .
know what is actually occurring in the world because then Trump wouldn't be able to live the lie Trump is living by telling other world leaders that he is on their level of knowledge of world situations .
When someone is so confident that they are the smartest person in the world it would be very difficult to teach him anything even you if dumb the learning process down to his level by drawing Trump cartoons to explain what is happening in the world . Trump doesn't want to
So now the truth has come out that Senator Mitch McConnell is already receiving campaign contributions from Oleg Deripaska , the Russian Oligarch who owned the Russian Aluminum Corporation that the Republicans just removed sanctions from .
Can you think of another way to make your Republican Party look like anything other than Corporate lobbyists ? https://t.co/Y9Be9f4jmj
Trump's image of himself knows no limits . https://t.co/kHc9Bf4uCx
Excellent article but Trump can't read . He only understands cartoons in a storybook form . https://t.co/HJ1AntwVKL
Roger Stone needs to wear a hat all the time to cover that point at the top of his head . https://t.co/1yP8TgYFoX
@GOPLeader  You're another Putin Puppet along with your Putin Puppet President . How many Rubles are the Russians paying you to jamb up our Government? You are a worthless weasel .
@GOPLeader All of America can now see why you puke heads never could get any thing done . You all are so afraid of Trump you can't even nominate members to serve on Committees . You all are worthless cowards and don't deserve your position or salary , Glad you're out of power .
ideas then the pressure is on the Democrats to come up with ideas that can defeat him in an election  .
Starbuck's former CEO Howard Schultz has some ideas that he thinks would help our country become a better place . Whether these ideas survive public debate is up to the Majority of Americans . He has as much right to express his ideas as anyone else . If Democrats don't like his https://t.co/HXkQ4pL5ta
goods for your efforts .
@HansNichols   Enjoyed watching you on "Morning Joe" even if Joe did step all over you report , I thought you maintained your Professionalism and recovered quite well . Keep up the good work . I hope Coach Calipari gave you an autograph and I hope you got some "Complimentary"
@Morning_Joe  Rumors are circulating back here in Kentucky that Senator Mitch McConnell's largest financial contributor is Oleg Deripaska , the Russian Olegarch that the Senate just removed the sanctions from his Aluminum Companies in Russia .
@HansNichols  I'm a lifelong Kentuckian and just wanted to say get a Coach Calipari autograph and a "Complimentary Jug of Kentucky Diamond Water" ,and you'll never regret your visit to Kentucky .
Roger Stone is being crushed financially for being a criminal and a traitor . Isn't this what the government did with the old Mafia Families , to get rid of them . To begin with I don't believe this is crushing him financially but if it is maybe he should have chosen another job. https://t.co/qUNSGjP1dQ
lot of his political capitol on this shut down , what will he do to increase his support ?
Maybe, it's because Trump doesn't want to solve the problem, but instead wants an ongoing dispute with the Democrats so he can continue to show his supporters he is "fighting for them" . What will he have to do to make his approval rating better than his current 34% ? He wasted a https://t.co/iPszdEfTJl
drawn and loaded ready for a fire fight .
Roger Stone threatened Randy Credico in an e-mail when he threatened to steal Randy Credico's dog and told Randy Credico to prepare die . I believe anytime someone's well-being or life is threatened the FBI must act as though they are dealing with dangerous people . Weapons'
Yeah, I can see the FBI notifying Roger Stone they were coming to arrest him so he could shred all of his Papers incriminating any one associated with the Trump Campaign and their conspiracy with Russia against the American People and our Government .
investigation into the Trump Presidential Campaign , or did they not try to uncover anything so they weren't required to report anything ?
@RepAdamSchiff  Just wondering , can a member of Congress , like Devin Nunes and/or various other Republicans in the Congressional Committees , be tried for Conspiracy to Obstruct Justice for not notifying law enforcement of the Criminal Activity they uncovered during their
These traitors need to learn that is the way the FBI handles criminals . Lying to a Congressional Committee is a High Crime against the America People and the very Government we count on to keep us safe . https://t.co/B2KKbsTM5E
Sweet inspiration . https://t.co/6vmpzOwazw
Trump probably believes his dead Father will pay to get him out of any legal problem he has or he will bully his way out of this jamb like he has done every time before . https://t.co/jtQSjRejzM
Didn't the Republicans used to bash Democrats , saying they all "Live in a bubble" ? https://t.co/XU5BzQ9JbW
RT @Alina__IV: Nancy Pelosi commented on Wilbur Ross' statement about him not "understanding" why unpaid federal workers are going to food…
Never doubt Nancy Pelosi . The Republican Party and its policies have brought our country to its knees . We can not allow them to ever put the hard working people of America in this position again . We can never allow them to have total control of our Government ever again . https://t.co/ub8vgP9dQQ
I've lived in Kentucky for 69years and all I can come up with is their brain is dead and all they have is muscle reflex . I can't find the stimulus . There is no excuse for Rand Paul, other than inbred experimentation gone wrong https://t.co/uJ9zqrJJ5R
He thinks he has a mandate , to do what he is doing , because his supporters want him to "break things". I think most of his supporters live in the Kremlin , and that is whom he is on the phone with, all day long . https://t.co/Zl7V8xbuo8
President Barack Obama said she was the most formidable Speaker of the House, that he could think of and said she was the person that pushed "Obama Care" through the House and into law . That was good enough for me .We need to name an Office Building, in Washington, DC, after her https://t.co/lgKtXfOEhp
You're both correct, so " Lock him up" , the guy is creepy . https://t.co/Ua0a9K5RFi
The guy is creepy, period . Dems will have a field day investigating this creep , and the Spawn . https://t.co/PnGpwZoaTs
run by the government , meaning Putin controls everything that is printed in Russia , just as Trump would when he became the Authoritarian Leader of the United States .
because they gave Kellyanne Conway their word on her anonymity so they couldn't reveal their source . That's using the guidelines of freedom of the press to attack the press , a tactic Vladimir Putin probably taught them or at least suggested to them , since Russia's press is all
So, Trump and Kellyanne Conway have played the press like a boxcar of fools , by Kellyanne Conway calling reporters, giving them newsbreaks, requesting anonymity with reporters agreeing and then reporters report the news , then Trump calls it fake because they have no sources
@SenTedCruz  Still a Bloviating Buffoon ? You haven't grown at all .
I want to thank you for your many years of service to our great country . You are truly an inspiration to future generations of Americans . Again, Thank you for your service and your inspiration . https://t.co/aTLTp2uQOo
The Republicans don't know what it feels like to live paycheck to paycheck so they can't even empathize with working people , if you want to have a dysfunctional Government, elect a Republican . https://t.co/8zWddNK7ZF
Asinine, Ignoramus Putin Puppet ,. Hasn't even signed the Russian Sanctions our Senate passed in August 2018 , to punish Russia for poisoning the former Russian Spy , living in England , Sergei Skripal . https://t.co/W9xOSXi1NI
to paycheck because of the meager wages they are forced to work for under people like the Trump Oligarch Swamp Creatures running our country .
Trump and his Billionaire Oligarch Swamp Creature Cabinet are so totally out of touch with reality that they don't even understand what it means to live from paycheck to paycheck, and everyday people who work everyday to keep our country moving must live day to day and paycheck
Senate to represent Kentucky . So, how did he become so wealthy ? I have tried to find out and no one else seems to care or maybe McConnell uses his influence to stop them . Mitch McConnell did not come from a wealthy family , Rep. John Yarmuth(D-Ky.) may know something .
@RashidaTlaib,  Senator Mitch McConnell was Jefferson County Judge Executive from 1977-1984 , which was kind of like being the mayor of the County government in divided government; then in 1985 Mitch McConnell was elected to the
What I have been trying to figure out is how did Senator Mitch McConnell become worth $27million while being a public employee for 42 years ? https://t.co/J8wRSknuAm
secure their family's everyday needs . Since you are such a wealthy individual it wouldn't really hurt you if I did miss paying you back for renting a floor in Trump Tower .
@realDonaldTrump  I'd like to talk to you about renting an entire floor at Trump Tower for my Granddaughter's graduation party . I'm sure you'd be willing to work along with me after your recent statements on TV about business owners being willing to " work along with" people to
country can rest assured that our country will be safe and secure because we have great men like Chuck Rosenberg. Frank Figliuzzi and the other great people working for the American People to keep us safe . We should all be thankful for these people working for us .
I have really appreciated the work and dedication expressed by men like Chuck Rosenberg and Frank Figliuzzi  and I have to say I have gained a great deal of confidence that everything will be alright after we get through this turmoil we are currently facing . Everyone in our https://t.co/B9SbcVhrVj
Trump and his Billionaire Oligarch Swamp Creatures have no idea what it means to have your income stopped by someone else , they were all born wealthy with a silver spoon in their mouths . Hell, Trump was in High School getting $1million/month from his father for an allowance .
of sanctions against Russia ?
August 2018 and Trump , the fruit cake nut job President still hasn't signed the bill into law . What does Vladimir Putin have as leverage on our President Trump  to convince him to not authorize these sanctions ? Why is Senator Mitch McConnell not pressing him to sign this bill
Trump is an Ignoramus Tool of Vladimir Putin who hasn't even signed the Sanctions against Russia , passed by our Congress , for Russia Poisoning the former Russian spy on English soil in April 2018 . Our US Congress passed crippling sanctions against Russia for this poisoning in
of Nazi Propaganda dictated by Vladimir Putin .
The Video of Trump is nothing but a Nazi Propaganda Video and regardless of what this idiot says we need to end the shutdown . Trump is such an ignoramus that I would vote against him just for his stupidity . The Video of Trump is nothing but an Ignoramus vomiting a word salad
Anyone with a tatoo of Richard Nixon that covers their entire back deserves to be in prison until that tatoo wears off of their skin . https://t.co/Ee0kDLLfnL
Lock him up, Lock him up, Lock him up . https://t.co/Ee0kDLLfnL
people in America are forced to live from one paycheck to the next , because they are forced to work for such low wages and everyday essential items are so expensive relative to those wages .
This  incompetent government we are witnessing is the result of having a Republican government , whose swamp Creatures are totally out of touch with reality . Trump swamp creatures are totally out of touch with what people are going through, they don't even know real working
The US Senate Passed Crippling sanctions for Russia , in August 2018 . These sanctions were in response to Russian agents poisoning Sergei Skripal the former Russian Spy living in England at the time , while Sergei Skripal was on English soil .
President Trump still has not authorized the sanctions against Russia and Vladimir Putin that our Congress passed after Russian agents poisoned Sergei Skripal in April 2018 .
to make their political point that we need a border wall . Let the people who live on the border make up their own minds . If they want a border wall , then let them pay for it . I live in Kentucky and a border wall doesn't help me put food on my table , so I don't need it .
I have to say the "Prayer Rugs" were an attempt to stoke fear in people on the border . Where are the pictures, where are the people who found them , show me some proof , other than an old woman's imagination ? After politicians stoked fear in people living on the border just to
Border Wall when they controlled everything ? Now all of a sudden when the Democrats take control of the House of Representatives , there is an emergency on the Mexican Border and Trump must build his Wall on the Mexican Border .
The only thing that has changed on the border, is the Republican Party has decided to separate infants and children from the rest of their family, which is kidnapping . The Republican Party had control of both houses of Congress and the Presidency why didn't they fund the Trump
Just remember people the Roman Emperor Tiberius Caesar crucified Jesus Christ because of his religious beliefs and the belief he was "Different, and the Emperor feared Jesus would undermine his authority .
us the future the American People deserve . We don't want to live in 19th century world . We'll all be better off dumping you and your crusty old guard , new day new light will replace you old timers .
@senatemajldr  You should be out basking in the glow of your fan club, because your current 35% approval among voters will be your highest approval rating . Pack your bags McConnell because your done . You and your old guard are done stealing from the American people and denying
That's an excellent picture of Trump , now we all know what he'll look like behind bars . https://t.co/apqNe6qX3L
Senator Mitch McConnell is hiding in plain sight . He's in his turtle shell . He always retracts into his turtle every time he is scared, which is most of the time .
"False Profits" https://t.co/lSZhbzeGAr
All I've heard were crickets in the night . If that had been me , I'd have turned all the lights, gotten everyone out of bed and yelled at the top of my voice to proclaim my innocence . https://t.co/c7Go3XB8DW
Very interesting . https://t.co/cya1xpGm62
Have the allegations been substantiated ? Don't get me wrong , I want this as much as anyone but we can't be guilty of overreaching like Republicans . https://t.co/Kenl5USuaF
Speaker Pelosi couldn't use a military aircraft to visit our troops in War Zone , but Melania could use it to fly to Mara-Lago . Treasury Secretary Stephen Mnenuchin is flying to Davo with Mike Pompeo and Wilbur Ross during our shut down ?
Rep. Adam Schiff to the rescue . https://t.co/1TkQm0Ek7X
Every body needs to get their popcorn, chips and pop ready because tomorrow is going to be better then New Years Eve, July 4, and the Fireworks that kick-off Derby week here in Louisville all rolled into TOMORROW .
Speaker Pelosi couldn't use the airplane because Melania needed it to fly to Mara Largo . Melania pulled rank on Speaker Pelosi ? Bumped her off the plane ? OMG, WOOOOOOOOOOOW . https://t.co/iCWQ3mEX9K
If on the other hand the Ukrainian Oligarch was not an bAmerican Citizen when this transaction occurred then they are both about to become frogs in oiling water . Senator Lindsey Graham has been around long enough to know the rules and I really hope his people followed the law .
Was that Oligarch an American Citizen at the time of the Contribution ? That is the only thing that matters in terms of the legality of that financial contribution . If the Ukrainian Oligarch was an American Citizen when this transaction occurred then it is a legal Contribution. https://t.co/DLPmS9s1r8
Polly Sigh; Do you think Michael Cohen has a Recording of Donald Trump telling Michael Cohen to lie to Congress ? BuzzFeed is now reporting he did . https://t.co/yZs7yVTaGA
thanks to Putin . Trump has over 500 LLCs to hide his transactions in , so Putin is dropping money in one his LLCs. I remember when McCarthy handed Nancy Pelosi the gavel of the House he said" The Republicans would always chose individual liberty over government control."
@SRuhle  Rudy Giuliani is being paid billions of Rubles to say stupid things . He just went through a divorce last year and probably needs the Rubles for alimony . People seem to forget Trump has access to billions of Rubles from Putin . Trump can pay people unlimited money
the Chief Executive ?
True Rudy , but as Chief Executive of our nation Trump is responsible for everything that occurs while Trump is Chief Executive . Aren't you just parsing words ? Trump is the Chief Executive of the Government only when he wants to be and when everything goes south Trump is not https://t.co/eIZUFI9Uwv
don't want to be held responsible for everything that happens then don't take a position of authority .
Delegating the authority of being the Head of State ? What chief executive is not the ultimately responsible person in the line of authority . Every time I was ever in a position of authority, I was ultimately responsible for what occurred under my authority .as leader . If you https://t.co/eIZUFI9Uwv
Trump can't read, staff must explain policies to him by drawing cartoons for him, to explain what his policies do . This is result of decades of abusing Adderall . https://t.co/ULX3vJuKiA
I can't remember any other President of the United States who was so weak he couldn't even make his own decisions and to have other people make all his governing decisions for him . Leaders are supposed to make decisions but Trump is too weak and must let other people make policy
job , but as long as Trump is snorting Adderall he can't do his job . They used to call that "drug paranoia" they get so strung out on drugs they can't make decisions so they let other people make decisions for them .
President Trump is such a weak leader he has to turn that job over to Ann Coulter and Rush Limbaugh, because he is too weak and feckless to do his job  he must have a strong person do his job for him . If Trump would quit snorting Adderall all the time he might be able to do his
lead their Party so if Trump is too weak to lead their party and our nation then I guess Ann Coulter and Rush Limbaugh are stronger leaders .
I always thought the so called Republican Party elected Donald Trump as their President and I don't remember Rush Limbaugh and Ann Coulter being elected to any office , but I guess when we have a President that is as weak of a leader as Trump , they must have someone that will
transplanted from other states and are disgraceful representatives of my state . Senators Rand Paul and Mitch McConnell are not born Kentucky so I will never claim either one of them .
I live in Kentucky and I must say we have two useless Senators . Rand Paul is afraid of his own shadow especially after his neighbor attacked him , he is acting like Senator Mitch McConnell hiding in his Turtle shell . Neither one of them were born in Kentucky , they are both https://t.co/nnRWshKdp8
@11thHour  Senator Mitch McConnell is distributing the millions of dollars Russia gave the NRA , to pay off Republicans that vote with Putin .
I'm in with this idea . We ought to just let Ann Coulter and Rush Limbaugh sit in the front row . https://t.co/MeErSfkfMe
Office . When they were all laughing and we had to wait for TASS the Russian news agency to report what was said because, again, Trump didn't allow any American press in the room .
@11thHour   Always watch your show , never tweeted before , Rudy Giuliani is nothing but a distraction . Rudy is being paid to throw dirt in everyone's eyes . Trump colluded with Russians when he had told Sergey Lavrov and Sergey Kislyak the name of that Israeli agent in the Oval
The "Turtle" always retreats to his shell when feels threatened . https://t.co/uSqwQlii8d
@RudyGiuliani  You need to go back to your farm and milk your chickens or perform some other important task .
@donlemon  What do you suppose Giuliani would call it when Trump gave Sergey Lavrov and Sergey Kislyak the name of the Israeli Agent's name in the Oval Office  ?
Dotard needs to be grounded to his room with no TV and no friends allowed to visit . https://t.co/clNLY4Yv4T
long as they have other people that will die for them .
Michael Cohen's concern is certainly well justified , Trump certainly has an army of unstable critters that would do anything to support their Fuehrer . Hitler sent the children of Germany off to face the Russian Army to protect himself, Fascist cowards will fight to the death as https://t.co/WM9DbcPqf6
Misfits, misogynists and masochists probably sit around and stick each other with pins all day . While eating McDonald's and watching Faux News . https://t.co/omvTgSbtUx
I have a theory that anti-vax movement was inspired by home schooling . https://t.co/aNKZE9aKr4
He is well paid to be an idiot liar . He isn't paid for his lack of legal expertise . https://t.co/2GVaHsgRSk
Excellent idea and that would probably accomplish more than the SOTU . It would certainly deny the Republicans the "Feel good" of applauding Trump at his every juvenile remark and certain public attack on his political opposition . https://t.co/mG35H7Kt0H
I've already sent McConnell two e-mails . He just has his staff send me a form letter telling me he appreciates me participating in our government by my communication with him . Yatta, yatta, yatta …………………. https://t.co/kKTgbdbtm7
At some point it becomes self preservation .
It is all about control and they won't stop until they have total control . It's about power, power over people .  It is time for federal employees to sick out . How long can you work, wasting money going to work and not be paid ? Can they make you work if you're not being paid? https://t.co/qBBTX08Wye
None of them have a brain that is functioning properly . https://t.co/liZvkB3kRL
Jose Andres can't prepare food for the whole damn country and pretty soon Trump and his goony-birds will have us all unemployed and penniless . Trump likes it when people are broke because he has more control over them . Trump is a control freak , among other things . https://t.co/4hCazjhDFG
Potty training requires constant oversight just like dealing with the Republicans in Congress . https://t.co/y1HU5TGtaq
sludge in our drinking water . The House needs to start subpoenaing Trump and get this show on the road to expose the crimes being carried out against the American people , before they poison us all with heavy metals .
Oh great the EPA is going from having a simple crook running the Cabinet in control of our earth, air and water . To now having a lobbyist who was born with his hand stuck out to receive bribes to pay off King Trump , to pollute us with mercury and sulfur in our air, and coal ash https://t.co/JcLyK3d3UF
Good luck with that . Apparently someone elect Mitch McConnell King of the Senate . https://t.co/hZQPu8CCpJ
that is a distance of 12 to 15 miles and people were running beside his hearse . It was just a beautiful display of love we seldom see , except for people who rise to a special elite stature .
funeral procession, because of all the love displayed by the people of Louisville . There were people running beside his hearse , throwing flowers and wreaths on his hearse . Ali's funeral procession covered the whole width of Louisville, from the west end to Cave Hill Cemetery,
My hometown and my Idol growing up . I'm glad Mayor Greg Fischer decided to name our airport after Ali . I remember on time I was visiting my grandmother and I met a young Cassius Clay . This was years before he became Muhammad Ali . He was special back then . I cried during his https://t.co/cy8Y9wjZKd
I always thought sasquatches liked "Slim Jim" , never knew they liked nuggets too . https://t.co/4WOqo63jbI
I'm glad you had the facts, all I knew was he was just another Republican crook . Why is it every Republican in high office is guilty of overreaching and ultimately corruption ? https://t.co/ka5526RYOi
doing and he has done so little for the people of Kentucky, so when he does anything it is like your first sunrise on the ocean .
We have been trying to get rid of McConnell for longer than I care to remember and Sen. Rand Paul(R-Ky) is not any better . We would really appreciate any help you could send . The problem is here in Kentucky a lot of people can't read so they don't know what he is doing or not https://t.co/v1MWkMx3LF
No Julie, what it was about was they wanted to the prevent the Democrats from censuring him in a recorded House Procedure , which they would have had to vote on . https://t.co/6b2dD1mKI8
They planned the bombing , that was why it took them a month , they "Cased" the joint for maximum effect . Maximum carnage , planned, deliberate attack on American citizens , someone's son, brother, husband ,uncle, father and friend . https://t.co/ApCmjB1tze
Wasn't David Vitter caught up in some scandal with David Duke back when David Duke tried to run for Congress ? https://t.co/575tw4BT2a
They're all on the Russian Payroll . It's called pay-to-play, they can smell a pay off all the way from Russia . Mitch McConnell is one distributing all that Russian bribe money given to the NRA . https://t.co/AYQCnc3QKf
@TeamCavuto @SenRickScott Don't know who is paying who to allow Sen. Rick Scott on your show but Sen. Rick Scott should just go back to Florida and finish pounding sand .
Sen. Rick Scott needs to go back to Florida and pound sand like he did for eight years when he was Governor . When we want his opinion we'll ask for it, until then shut-up . https://t.co/NdUP6Fj0Bn
Here in Kentucky we call Mitch McConnell "the Turtle" because when someone needs to find him he retracts back into his shell . He's around somewhere , hiding in his shell . https://t.co/wCizNpRZzY
They don't care about working people , because they don't contribute to their fund raising campaigns . The Republican Party of Donald Trump is only in it for the money, pay-to-play . https://t.co/fDf5336S66
Funny how Giuliani and Trump never bring that conspiracy up . That was a conspiracy and probably why Trump started  talking about the crooked FBI , after learning what was allowed in that office . https://t.co/bJk5d2SDG2
cans in our Congress from reversing all of Robert Mueller's work . Someday I hope we can bring the Republicans that were and are complicit with the Russians to justice . Especially Devin Nunes , Jim Jordan, Matt Gaetz and Mark Meadows , they all smell funny .
I don't want to be a buzz killer but, they aren't that good because Robert Mueller has not only caught them in they lies but he has also reverse engineered their whole system of spying and manipulation . Mueller has subpoenaed how many of them ? Now, we must prevent the Republi- https://t.co/F3y1wmpc8r
going to work for a month and not be paid , and then what happens when you have no money for food , or heaven forbid you have an accident with no money ?
I'm not going to tell anyone else how to live their lives , but it really is past time for federal employees to "sick out". They may be spending money they will need later for food , just to go to work and not be paid , for how long ? Do you spend all your savings on gasoline https://t.co/zYWG2GTyTR
plans and told our adversaries  what we were doing to do before we acted' . So if nothing else he is breaking his own policy , which shouldn't surprise anyone, anymore . He is one big hypocrisy . Because he doesn't plan he just acts .
@LeaderHoyer  I read a Fox News Article earlier today that stated a senior WH official had placed the blamed squarely on Trump . but, I doubt you'll get anyone to make any comment on that statement . That was what Trump has used to criticize Obama ,saying"Obama broadcast our
He knows no other way . He has always been this way , selfish, immature, impulsive ,irresponsible and determined to get his way . In short he is a Sociopath . https://t.co/1FRVRxDaZg
always suffer from having that little voice in the back of your head saying"I wish I had said more , I wish I had done more."
Sorry to hear about your grandma , speaking as someone that has lost several of my close family members , I just want to say; go to her and hug her and tell her you love her. You'll never regret telling her you love her , but you will regret it if you don't tell her . You'll https://t.co/uAxVHLlJDr
These are 18th century parliamentarians trying to deal with the 21st century . Mitch McConnell still thinks he can mimic famous Congressman and Senators from the Civil War Era and survive in Today's world . He dragging the whole country back to his favorites period of American https://t.co/bKMy1KuoZq
of Senators from the 18th century trying to cope with a 21st century world .
In what alien universe does this make sense . Vladimir Putin will just seize control of Deripaska's Companies and he will get the money from these companies along with everything else he is steaking from the Russian people . This is another example of the narrow minded thinking https://t.co/9N9UktR6tv
other chioce other than impeachment ?
If you can't indict a sitting President then why is there such a thing as impeachment? What would be the purpose of impeachment ? Is the idea of not being able to indict a sitting President , just to force the House of Representatives to impeach the President because they have no https://t.co/1YGZisfkwI
Only 10 Republican Senators voted to enforce the Sanctions on Russian Oligarch Oleg Deripaska , so I guess that means Russia owns  the other United States Senators . This includes Senators Mitch McConnell, who is known for having his hand out for bribes, Lindsey Graham, https://t.co/GsHt1ieQ4r
Senate rejects bill to stop sanctions relief for Russian oligarch https://t.co/CuVIaU3IZC via @wdefnews12
This is Classic Republican misdirection , try to distract from people not being paid so bring up legislation that is so controversial that it will take people's mind off of the fact McConnell is the one blocking any hope of opening the Government . https://t.co/NiHlK88HPj
The President is ordering Federal Employees to go back to work ? How long can a reasonable employer expect their employees to go to work and spend their last dollars on gasoline to go to work when they are not being paid ? Do you spend your last dollar on gasoline and not be paid
Well, actually Trump gets a phone call from the Kremlin every morning laying out the suggested action of the day to disrupt the  functions of  our government . Then twice a month he receives a deposit in an offshore, numbered bank account or one of his 401(c) 4 LLCs . https://t.co/SiiFGcjCCj
That's an All-Star line-up . I watch Morning Joe every morning while I drink my coffee . I've been watching Morning Joe every morning for so long I can't remember when I started watching, before it was Morning Joe . But, now that I'm retired I never miss it . https://t.co/pVkGRX4ycp
The FBI had to open an investigation into whether Trump was a Russian Asset because they received information from our European Allies Intelligence Agencies saying they had intercepted Communications between the Trump Campaign and know Russian Intelligence Agencies .
@LindseyGrahamSC   Senator Mitch McConnell needs to allow a vote on the funding bills coming from the House of Representatives . Senator McConnell is the one blocking an end to the shutdown by not allowing a vote on the Democratic funding bills . You all own the shutdown .
@LindseyGrahamSC   Trump must know he is just enflaming Democrats when he says we don't want to have border security . That is a lie and we are not going to allow anyone to lie about us . He needs to stop lying about us .
We all need to stop this bickering , the wall is not the answer . Technology is better and less invasive, ranchers on the border don't want an ugly wall that blocks their cattle from grazing on land available in Mexico .
land would our government have to seize and how long will that take ? How much more expensive will seizing that land make a border wall ? I have heard of a lot of Ranchers not wanting to sell their ranches, but they might allow the government to place "equipment" on their land.
@LindseyGrahamSC   I am a Democrat and I am telling you it is damaging to negotiations with Democrats to say we don't want Border Security, we do want Border Security but a wall across the entire border of the US and our neighbors is impractical and probably impossible . How much
communications were stored in the National Archives as a matter of public record .
@LindseyGrahamSC  Also, if Trump has nothing to hide in regards to his five(5) meetings with Vladimir Putin , then why is he hiding the Translators note from public scrutiny . Aren't those notes supposed to be store in the National Archives ? I thought we learned all of Obama's
the justification for the FBI opening an investigation into Trump being a Russian Asset .
@LindseyGrahamSC  In the end of 2016 I remember hearing our European allies' intelligence agencies had notified our Intelligence Agencies that they had intercepted communications between the Trump Campaign and Russian Intelligence agencies in St. Petersburg, Russia , that may be
whether President Donald J. Trump was a Russian asset .
between the Trump campaign and Russian Intelligence Agents and that the US Intelligence Agencies were investigating the Communications to determine their veracity . Someone needs to tell Senator Lindsey Graham that is the reason the FBI had to open their investigation into
@SRuhle I was remembering back to when we first heard about the details of the "Steele Dossier" and remembered hearing the FBI and other US Intelligence Agencies had received information from our European Allies that their Intelligence Agencies had intercepted communications
@Morning_Joe   The Democrats have been passing funding bills out of the House of Representatives but Senator McConnell won't allow the bills to come to the Senate Floor for a vote , so there is the cause of the shut down continuing .
let any bill  come to the floor for a vote .
@Morning_Joe   We must not allow Senator Mitch McConnell to escape the blame he shares in this shutdown . Senator McConnell is enabling this drunk on ego, maniac to extend the shutdown by blocking all the Democratic attempts to negotiate any deal with Trump . McConnell wouldn't
Morning Joe , aren't those interpreter's notes a matter of "Public Record" . Don't those notes belong to the American People ?
Of course Trump is blaming the Democrats in Congress for the "Trump Shutdown" , Trump has never accepted responsibility for anything . https://t.co/sOurzcCVR0
Trump had to have gone from snorting Adderall all weekend to dry-heaving Sunday night . Now he'll be shaking, even more agitated, dry-heaving and suffering from one hell of a hangover .
Maybe Jeanine "Screech" Pirro and Trump were both buzzing on Adderall , that would explain their hyperbolic, screeching, ranting, agitated dialogue
Bobble-Head Ted https://t.co/mk3Uvqez70
@realDonaldTrump    If the notes from your five(5) meetings with Putin are "Open for Grabs" then release the Transcriptions from your five meetings with Putin , so the whole country can see you have nothing to hide .
@Morning_Joe   Maybe, Trump sounded so agitated because he was buzzing on Adderall .
Trump is now saying his transcriptions from his five meetings with Putin are "Open for Grabs" . what in the hell is he talkin about . Why did he seize them and tell his senior administration officials to not discuss what was said .
agencies so what has happened to that information . Did Trump destroy that information as well as the stenographer's notes from Trump's five meetings with Putin.
On April 14, 2017 the UPI reported that European and British Intelligence Agencies reported they had intercepted communications between the Trump Campaign and Russian Government employees and the European Intelligence Agencies turned that information over to American intelligence
Do you believe the GOP is keeping an eye on Trump , to what end . They are all so afraid of a backlash from their constituents , they are afraid of saying anything bad about Trump and their constituents are denying any wrong doing because Trump gave them their tax cut and SCOTUS. https://t.co/XYWMcshWBL
Yes, I studied American and World History and I also studied Civics . I am worried about all of our allies turning against us because of the disregard Trump has shown them , and his apparent cozying up to Putin . They all feel betrayed by our President . https://t.co/Ppb5Se4drE
@katelyn_ohashi  I just saw a video of your performance and I am at a loss for words .
OMG. https://t.co/Ap8rjKDiSC
Oh, I see now a man that lies to the public 6,000 times in two years is calling someone else a liar . This is the master of misdirection . If he isn't conspiring with Putin why is he hiding all his conversations from the public ? https://t.co/SCpZbwuDDH
I live in Kentucky and Senator has a reputation for selling out to the highest bidder . His financial disclosure is so ambiguous the only thing we can tell about is he earns $175, 000 a year as a public servant and is worth $27million . https://t.co/hVojIZpNPU
I live in Kentucky and I am concerned . https://t.co/hejwq1nJVk
Lindsey Graham said whoever leaked the story about the FBI opening an investigation into whether Trump was working for Russia had an agenda , Yeah  they had an agenda It's called Patriotism, something the current Republicans in Congress have forgotten about . https://t.co/IYKJewCJEu
In this photo Trump looks like he just had sex for the first time in 10 Years . https://t.co/5fDEEGJckD
I think Kamala Harris and Amy Klobuchar would make a good combination , if they can get along . I also think Joe Biden for President and either Kamala Harris or Amy Klobuchar as VP would be a winning ticket .
Why should anyone care what "Bobble-Head Ted" has to say about anything , he's just a Jellyfish floating around looking for something to latch onto . https://t.co/FHtSAsH5hG
ran their car into a crowd of Citizens , lawfully assembled , protesting and killed a young lady .
"Bobble-Head Ted" where have you been hiding ? Why didn't you speak up after Charlottesville ? Do you , remember Charlottesville, when the Protestors were  holding a peaceful protest telling White Supremacists they weren't welcome in Charlottesville and White Supremacists https://t.co/UkTA8VJRYE
hostages every time they don't or can't get their way .
McConnell could allow these Americans to go back to work and receive their pay , but instead McConnell is using them as pawns to manipulate the Democrats into giving Trump his way . Democrats can not give into being manipulated in this show down or Trump and Republicans will take
I am damn sick and tired of Trump and the Republicans disrespecting the work everyday Americans do , just to appease their boy President . Senator Mitch McConnell is also to blame for the damage being done to the hard working Americans who are working and not being paid . Senator
U.S. . Why are Trump and his Administration about to drop sanctions against Oleg Deripaska ? Because Deripaska is a close ally of Vladimir Putin and is one of the Oligarchs pumping billions of dollars in bribe money to Trump . Name a better explanation , anyone ?
Now, Trump's Attorney, Judy Riuliani, is trying to convince Americans that sharing political data is not collusion . Of course Trump and Giuliani want to be able to conspire with Putin and Russian spies , the Russians are paying Trump and Giuliani to allow them to trade with the https://t.co/z5zAo1k7q5
Senate must be voted out of office in 2020 . We the People can show no sympathy toward anyone that harms American Workers , especially those who harm workers for the Big Orange Dummy . Vote them all out of office in 2020 , no mercy .
reason other then to use them as pawns for Trump . McConnell is deliberately destroying these people's lives just for the hell of it so Trump can use them as leverage . One more time the wealthy use working people for their own gain . This will stop . Every Republican in the
Senator Mitch McConnell is my Senator and I have already sent him an e-mail telling him he will be held responsible the damage done to the Federal Employees and Contract workers . We all need to remember Mitch McConnell is deliberately punishing these 800,000 employees for no
the Congress to be distributed to heads of the appropriate Committees . The Congress must be notified if the DOJ stops or restrains the Special Counsel from pursuing any investigation and there are more that slip my mind now . Mr. Katyal may need to be questioned on the specifics
@amyklobuchar  Neal Katyal the man that wrote the Special Counsel guidelines listed 10 to 15 requirements that are associated with that Provision and unless I am mistaken there has to be written report with two copies : one goes to the Attorney General and the other one goes to
The one thing we can't allow to get away from us is that the Republican Senators are enabling an agent of the Russian Government , to destroy our country by being too cowardly to stand up for the American people . This is all Sen. Mitch McConnell's fault .
I could also use a fully charged cordless Reciprocating Saw and a couple of 12" 24TPI(Teeth per inch) carbide saw blades and I'm good to go . https://t.co/qJ7vlA0eDC
Just give me a fully charged cordless drill and a couple of 1/8" bits . Then tell me what you want me to find out . https://t.co/qJ7vlA0eDC
I just read an article in Today's USA Today saying Mexican authorities in Sonora, Mexico just discovered the third Tunnel, this month , going under the border into Sonora, Arizona .
seeking asylum from gangs in their homeland . Who do you fear Russian spies or women and children ?
Security system , our electric grid, our Military computer systems, and all of infrastructure looking for vulnerabilities and Trump has never declared a National Emergency to defend us from Russia instead he declares a National Emergency because 4,000 women and children are
Hell, he's weaken our country and made us vulnerable to Russian cyber attacks because he hasn't told our Security Agencies to strengthen our national defense system . Remember we were told the Russians never left our National Computer systems . They are still probing our National https://t.co/CoacF9Uqx5
Russian spies that Obama expelled . I just get really mad when I remember Trump having Sergey Kislyak and Sergey Lavrov in our White House glad handing with Trump and Trump told them he had gotten rid of the troublemaker James Comey . Now we know Comey was defending our country .
Russian spies that were spying on our country . Then Trump comes into Office and his Administration is caught discussing eliminating those sanctions , Trump will probably allow those Russian spies back into our country to continue working against us . Wasn't it about 30 or 40
intelligence agencies that they had intercepted Russian Communications discussing Trump and his Administration working with them to eliminate the Sanctions Obama had imposed on Russia for their spy operation at the Russian compound in Maryland and Obama deported all of those
@amjoyshow   I guess I missed having my Tweet discussed on today's show, but maybe you can use it later . Does any one on your panel remember when the Steele Dossier first came into public knowledge there were rumors floating around that our European Allies were telling the US
Hey, Trumpty, Dumpty this is how you handle Putin and Russia , You stand up to them . You don't kiss their arse . https://t.co/9jHJnelbzM
that like Russia, Iran , Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Israel are all changing their attitudes toward us . We are shoving our allies away from us and we are going to be alone and that is not a good thing . Iraq wants us out of their country because of Trump, they are our ME base .
that is better now , see Trump is the chaos President and his chaos is destroying everything and if we don't stop Trump he will destroy us to the point that our overseas adversaries will recognize that we are weakened and distracted and they are beginning to take advantage of
have eliminate 80,000 jobs, because of Trump's tariffs, the Housing market is crashing because people are uncertain about their jobs , now everything is going slow down because of the Trump Shut Down is already killing the travel industry . Name one thing Trump has changed
to end soon because he doesn't care how much damage he does to our  country . Look at the damage he has done already . How much money has been lost on the stock market ? Now we have to pay our farmer subsidies because  he has killed our overseas market , Ford and GM are going to
agitated . Everything is coming apart and he is losing supporters so he will do something drastic , soon . He always covers up one bad story with a worse bad story . The bad part is each of his actions harms our country and destroys another little piece of our country , it's got
It's coming out now because they know Trump is cornered and they are afraid of what he is going to do , like fire Mueller. If you sniff the you will smell flesh burning and that is Trump . He is going to react . MSNBC said he is on another Tweet storm this morning, so he's https://t.co/V0TkPn9NqE
in the Department of Justice . I voting for someone like James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Jeff Sessions, and their are more but I haven't had my second cup of coffee so I'm out for more coffee .
In order to answer this question we need to think about who was in a position to know about what was going on at the time it occurred . We can eliminate Robert Mueller and his crew because they don't leak . I'm convinced it was someone who used to work in a position of authority https://t.co/V0TkPn9NqE
Judy Riuliani has had his meds scrambled for months . https://t.co/G4ArLbfR7n
Senator Mitch McConnell just destroyed the Republican Party in Kentucky , by forcing 800,000  Patriotic Americans work without being paid for a wall that will never be built . No American is going to force Texas Ranchers to sell their land in an Eminent Domain dispute for a wall. https://t.co/ez4iK1DDhh
It's the quiet before the storm . The fever is about to break . I don't have words that can express the shame our country has imposed on it's people . Our leaders have  allowed us to be taken hostage by a crying , two year old throwing a temper tantrum and the world is watching https://t.co/9bwfSeqqR4
Rick Tyler I agree 100% with you . Trump has always been a con man and I said so right after he was elected President . I tried to warn Senator Mitch McConnell in emails to his office and he bought the Snake Oil anyway . You can lead a horse to water,but you can't make them drink https://t.co/lcKEQxsDEb
I have never worried about what other people are doing . I just worry about what I have to do to keep my family going , unless someone tries to do me harm or harm someone in my family or someone I care about then I'll do what I have to do to defend my family or friends . https://t.co/DoDraTPdkC
Senator Mitch McConnell is one of my Senators from Kentucky and I have wondered how he could amass such a fortune on the salary of a publice servant . The only answer I have been able to come up with is; every time he makes a deal he has his hand out and expects to be paid. https://t.co/r2v4gcERxj
"Bobble-Head Ted" Cruz was down in Texas at the border with Trump bobbling his head so much he'll wake up with whip lash, today .
worth . Trump loves these fights and the Republicans that side with him are allowing to begin his journey to becoming an autocrat and we must stop him now .
is already setting up his next lie to the American People because he will deny he is seizing land , against American Citizens . He will easily be able to steamroll these Texas Landowners after he does declare his National Emergency and not pay them what their property is really
Trump is already acting as though he has already declared his National Emergency , sending out letters setting the stage for his Eminent Domain claim and Re-appropriating Disaster Relief Funds from American Citizens who have lost everything through no fault of their own . Trump https://t.co/j3CcNSOPnY
Funds away from our fellow American Citizens who have lost everything through no fault of own and now Trump is trying to deny them funds that Rep. Paul Ryan's House Of Representatives has already allocated for them .
@Morning_Joe  This is all a Big Show Trump is already acting as though he has already been granted his National Emergency, by sending out these notices to Texas Landowners . Trump has already told the Army Corp. of Engineers to look for ways to re-appropriate Disaster Relief
Land owners and offer those landowners less money for their property because of his Declaration of a National Emergency , he can offer them less money for  their Ranches because of that Declaration .
@Morning_Joe   Trump is already sending notices to Texas Land Owners telling them his Administration wants to negotiate with them so the Federal Government can buy their land . If Trump is allowed to declare a National Emergency , then won't that allow him to steam roll Texas
Brings to mind the riddle: They stole from the guy on the other side of town and I said nothing; they stole from the guy down the street and I did nothing ; They stole from my neighbor and I did nothing ; Now they're stealing from me won't anyone help me ? https://t.co/pldEhWCoHy
construction back then and the word was all over back then . Then Contractors started not paying us here and a lot of subcontractors were ruined .
has never cared about the collateral damage done to other people . I can remember reading that about him in the 1980's , people would do work on his buildings and he would stiff them and they would sue him and he tied them up in court until they went bankrupt . I was in
don't see things the same way . But , Trump I consider my enemy because he is just all in it for himself , he doesn't even care about what he is doing the people not getting a paycheck . He really doesn't have an empathy gene in his genetic makeup . That is cruel to say but he
Honestly, I probably haven't had very many good night's sleep in the last two years , I have had a lot of trouble sleeping . I really should say I don't consider people who don't see things my way as my enemy , I should probably rephrase my statements and say opponents . We just https://t.co/ymHujKwHEM
You're probably correct about that , but since I don't know anything that isn't publicly available , I don't think I can cause any harm by testing the water . Besides I like knowing what the other side is thinking . Old saying "Keep your friends close and your enemies closer". https://t.co/jvzU8hjWFh
of the House Judiciary and Intelligence Committees .
to the public just as certain redacted information leaked from Republican Committees . Remember the Information on the DOJ information leaked concerning the court subpoenaing information on Carter Page and how the Court Process was leaked or released by the Republican Chairs of
Just as I suspected Neal Katyal is way to smart to leave any possible loophole left uncovered . Beside that I believe the House, in what ever Committee, would just subpoena Mueller to testify before the appropriate committee and then I believe somehow the information would leak https://t.co/qFfxP5bhCM
@SteveKingIA   What makes you think any of us care a tiny rat a' what you think or who you say it to . You're going to be relegated to grandma's attic after next year so who cares ?
@SpeakerPelosi   Trump is scared and he is acting irrationally . He can hear Mueller's Boots getting closer and he is freaking out . Put your high heel spikes on his throat and put the pedal to the metal . I'm sorry, I know you're not like that , but he is scared and messing up
Everything is cool . My beef is with the Orange Jerk in the White House , not anyone else . Hell, I'm even getting along with some Republicans . https://t.co/CKpzF3TWVj
Trump is telling the Army Corp. of Engineers to take disaster relief funds from Texas, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina and wildfire disaster relief funds from California . Let these Americans know what their President is attempting to do to them . He is crazy .
@SpeakerPelosi  Please don't stop hammering Trump . Trump is losing his argument , because he can't settle on one argument . His mind is too scrambled . He can't keep it up . Hire someone to communicate your message . Put Rep. Cheri Bustos out there , she is a great communicator.
stituents . Tell people the shutdown is continuing because Senator Mitch McConnell won't put the Republicans' Expenditure Bills on the floor for a vote . Trump was the one who walked out on the negotiations . How can he claim an Emergency when he ended the negotiations, not you .
@SpeakerPelosi Please, you and Senator Schumer need to keep holding press conferences . Tell "We the People" what you are doing and why you are doing it and keep putting the Expenditure Bills to fund the government up for votes. Make the Republicans take a stand against their con
Trump is destroying our social fabric , our individual connections to our government .
devastating wild fires , then I guess you need a soul transplant .
If you aren't angered by the idea of Trump taking federal disaster relief funds from the American Citizens who lost everything they owned in the Hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, North Carolina and South Carolina and the money for California to help recover from the
I guess Lou Dobbs didn't get the answer he wanted yesterday so now he is fudging the figures today, so he has something to show the cackling hyenas on Faux News . https://t.co/JqAIvfvW30
in California to build the Wall on the Mexican Border .
Chad Pergram a Fox News Producer at the White House is saying the White House has ordered the Army Corp of Engineers to analize whether they have the ability to divert Disaster relief funding from hurricane victims in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, North Carolina and fire victims
Trump is taking money from American Citizens who have lost everything , in natural disasters , to build a wall on the Mexican Border ? https://t.co/y79rAfLkWc
Every day . https://t.co/CmtzoJeq46
I still haven't figured out what Kentucky Republicans like about Senator Mitch McConnell all he has done for Kentucky, in the last ten years, is steal about $10million from Obama's Stimulus Plan and use the money to buy a park and name it after one fo his billionair donors . https://t.co/20dxPsNLr6
I'm not criticizing , just saying . https://t.co/Buzq1MTRqv
With that Trump Monkey his behind is all he has to show . https://t.co/sKjvEoHPAE
E pluribus unum . https://t.co/Py9bfTgwpy
Things are changing , maybe not quick enough , but we'll get there . https://t.co/0p3lIOlpYm
Absolutely . https://t.co/32XJ7SlaH8
I'll be there . I mean here . I'll be watching, thanks for the heads up . https://t.co/KM1rqdNrty
Trump is gambling with "House Money" . He can't lose because he has no money in the game . He should be the one on the street with no money. Unfortunately that will take some time , it's coming but it will take a little time . https://t.co/nRliuO8c4l
We just call her "Sasquatch" . Her Press Briefings are known as "Sasquatch Droppings" . https://t.co/MOZbVdiKMU
@cliveboyce77  You don't have "Basket Full of Despicables " in your bio ?
Trump to waste our tax dollars like that . We have other priorities to spend our money on. Since you Republicans put the tax burden on working people we have more important things to do other than building Trump's Wall
justification for Pentagon Sequestration . President Dwight D. Eisenhower warned the American people against the Military Industrial complex taking over all other federal expenditures and now Trump is overreaching his authority and the majority of Americans are not going to allow
you all will have no place to hide and no stone will be left unturned and you all set the precedent . Now you are using military funding and personnel to secure the Mexican Border . This is waste of personnel and resources is nothing but absolute misappropriation and is a
viewing a very short field . I am a Democrat and I can say right now , you Republicans screwed all of your pooches during that shameful Bengazi investigation . The way Rep. Darrel Issa(R-CA.) and Trey Gowdy(R-SC) drug Hillary Clinton before Congress day after day, week after week
@MacThornberry   I think the time has come for Republicans to think long and hard about what they are opening themselves up to when the Democrats move into the White House . If you people don't start worrying about the precedents you are setting yourselves up for , then you are
Not telling Chris Matthews what to do . But is he aware the Trump Administration is sending out letters asking American Citizens for permission to negotiate with the Federal Government concerning the Government buying their land . Texans are digging in and lawyering up already . https://t.co/WCmaCVQeAj
GOD love her, I mean him . https://t.co/FD3EyU934H
Elected Officials you need to get together and solve this . This has gone way to far . Action is needed NOW . https://t.co/cIpeWdkRJc
Has anyone read the article from yesterday's news that in the Funding that Trump asked Congress for , to give to farmers is an appropriation for $5million for a Brazilian Pork Processing Conglomerate to compenste for lost revenue .
Imagine that . Wait until Trump leaves office , there are going to be so many skeletons left hanging around . We will to load them all on a barge and ship them to Antarctica https://t.co/V0LxiTi2bS
Mark Levin talking about someone else's appearance is kinda like Trump calling someone else "Stupid" . https://t.co/7CEtR7s2cK
Finally something made me smile , today . Thank You . https://t.co/z8pRqy2KlO
Like I Tweeted about six months ago, "Trump is really good at blowing shit up , but I can't think of anything that turned out better when the dust settled ". Buckle-up , kids the roller coaster is at the top of the first hill . Apollo 13 lift-off in T minus two .
MSNBC was showing video of Trump in Texas and I saw Sen."Bobblehead Ted" Cruz(R-TX) standing there with Trump . Of course Sen. John Cornyn(R-TX) was there also . Sucking up valuable oxygen a more deserving life form could have put to good use .
Trump’s border wall would need private property, but Texas landowners plan to dig in for lengthy legal fight https://t.co/KfwkU8pOTs
subdivision and we finally sold and moved on ten years later . Texans are known fighters we'll see how this turns out . We found if you sold out early you get more money but we weren't in it for money, it was where we grew up , so we fought , so much for principle .
Landowners are digging in and lawyering up to defend their property . This will get nasty . Louisville, Kentucky's airport bought my family's homestead we fought for ten years , but we were defeated as our neighbors sold out and we were left in an empty ,overgrown, rat infested
@DeadlineWH     Watch your show everyday , thought you should know ,  Washington Post broke story that Texas landowners along the Mexican Border have been receiving notices from the Government asking for permission to negotiate with landowners on selling their property to US .
McConnell blocks Senate Democrats' move to re-open government https://t.co/BZPk5HaPme
Look for bottles of Adderall on the table . If we see bottles of Adderall on the table,  we'll know Trump is planning a "Grab and Run". https://t.co/5LRORpgaaP
I will remember Sen. Mitch McConnell was the person responsible for 800,000 Federal Employees not being able to be paid . Sen. Mitch McConnell is using the Federal Employees for leverage in Trump's dispute with the Democrats .
In the elections coming up 2020 we must remember Sen. Mitch McConnell(R-Ky) is the sole person responsible for Federal Employees not receiving them paycheck because he is the person responsible for not allowing a vote on spending measures to reopen parts of the Federal Government
after Democrats defeated the Republicans so Trump could have a fight with Democrats .
in Congress while he still controlled all of Congress, but Rush Limpballs , Ann Coulter, and other whining Hyenas began whining and Trump rejected what Rep. Paul Ryan(R-WI) thought they had a deal with and wanted to use the issue to wedge the Democrats . This shutdown was planned
Why didn't Wonder Boy , Lap Dog Rep. Paul Ryan(R-WI) pass a bill to pay for Trump's Border Wall if it is such an emergency ? The Caravan Trump kept crying about ended mysteriously after the Democrats won control of the House of Representatives, and then Rep. Paul Ryan had a bill
What does International Finance have to do with Trump's Border Wall , unless Putin offers to pay Trump to build the Wall . https://t.co/jEMjZpB7Dd
Trump has told so many lies , he has lost track of what he has said . Trump is now caught in his lies , trying to remember which lie he told when . https://t.co/Mi69Jh5dTR
Trump is a desperate animal trying to cover-up the bad news he has created for himself , especially, but also for the entire Republican Party . They have all dug themselves a hole , by following Trump, and they're in it and can't get out . https://t.co/KawxqiFaLm
negotiation in good faith . Is there some kind of a special law that says a President can just end the negotiation and then turn around and declare a National Emergency ? If that is the case then what is the sense in negotiating ?
I want someone to explain to me how Trump can walk out on an ongoing negotiation and then declare a National Emergency when he is the one who didn't negotiate in good faith . In normal negotiations both parties must negotiate in good faith , walking on the negotiations is not
This government shutdown is Sen. Mitch McConnell's fault and he will pay for this . Sen. Mitch McConnell is enabling a drug addict by allowing Trump to shut the Government down .
Like I have said I live in Kentucky, Trump's mouth reminds of a Manure Spreader . I can see Mitch McConnell loading the manure on the spreader from horse stalls and Trump getting on the spreader and spreading it around .
Every day is another  day I wake up hating Trump a lot .more . Kind of like building a brick wall , every day is another brick full of hate . "Another Brick in the Wall." https://t.co/CmtzoJeq46
Our Constitutional Democracy is being threatened and we need to protect it .
We need to be very careful to prevent Trump from declaring a National Emergency because that would open the door to Trump seizing so much power he could and probably would seize total control of our country .
We need to stop Trump from seizing control of country . If Trump is allowed to declare a National Emergency he will be on the road to seize the total autocratic dictatorship of our government and he will overreach but use his emergency powers to overrule any and all objections .
the autocratic dictator he has always wanted to be .
of Congress's governing authority to an autocratic maniac who is out to destroy our Government so he can gain control and seize total control of our nation . Trump is maneuvering himself into position to seize total control of our country, the treasury, the military and become
I live in Kentucky and Senator Mitch McConnell is a disgrace for my state and my country . Sen. McConnell needs to put his big boy pants on and stop this childish display . Sen. McConnell stop this spoiled brat from destroying our governmental institutions . You are seceding all
this . Reasonable people can negotiate an agreement walking out is not negotiating . Stop Trump from calling Dems. childish names , get adults together and negotiate .Don't waste too much money on a wall .
for asylum( Legally), I want laws to determine who is eligible for asylum and sensors in the ground so Border Patrol will know when people are sneaking in . This can be worked out , just get everyone out of their corners and into the ring . I have watched you for years we can do
@TomColeOK04    I am a die hard Democrat, but I agree with you . Make this argument bigger , I want to get DACA , I want better border security , there is a need for a border wall in some places(not many) , I want drones, I want more Asylum Judges to determine who is eligible for
@realDonaldTrump    You fathead crybaby you are the one who walked out on the negotiation with the Democratic leaders . They wanted to negotiate, but not you . You a big doofus . It is your fault 800,000 people are working and not being paid .
@SenatorLankford   I have to hand it to you , you pukes really stick together . Like fresh manure .
@SenatorLankford  Did I read that article correctly , you said it was justifiable for Manfort to sell Trump campaign statistics to the Russians? What has Trump been blowing up your......…...…? You're all selling our country out to the Russians . You are a freaking traitor .
,two or three Nazi Communicators(Rush Limpbaugh and Ann Coulter) started crying crocodile tears and Trump caved and now 800,000 Americans are now out of work . You are the one who caused 800,000 workers to lose their pay, you, Trump and Mitch McConnell are responsible .
@VP   Trump was the one who walked out of the negotiations . Why didn't Trump get his Border Wall funded when the Republicans controlled both Houses of the Congress and the White House ? Trump had Rep. Paul Ryan(R-WI) pass the bill after the Senate passed it and then Trump had
McCarthy is probably thinking if he acts like a loyal soldier Trump will give him an Administration position . Sucker . https://t.co/UZwhiLQ8wp
subpoenaed by Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller III ?
Why would this greasy-slimeball have to come to Fort Knox to show his fiancé/girlfriend the gold , in Fort Knox , during the eclipse ? Now he is trying to lift the US sanctions on the Russian Oligarch , Oleg Deripaska ? Who was one of the first Oligarchs to sanctioned or https://t.co/qbSTXxtRIX
Trump told the Pentagon to destroy the reports filed by our commanders in Afghanistan concerning the rampant waste, fraud and abuse incurred in Afghanistan during the two years of his administration . https://t.co/nltHnxPkc6
@GOPLeader
will divest from some of his criminal enterprises and pay your ransom .
@DonaldJTrumpJr  Hey, think about that; There will be walls in your prison cell , also . Daddy won't be able to keep you, Eric and Jovanka out of State Prison . He'll probably blame you all for all the criminal activity that occurred in the Trump Criminal Enterprise . Maybe he
@DonaldJTrumpJr  You'll probably 10 or 20 years to reflect on your Instagram statement about people being able to enjoy their day at the zoo because of the walls , like on the border. If you have any brain cells left .
@GOPLeader  I look forward to you explaining to your fellow Californians , the wisdom of Donald Trump's decision to withhold FEMA money during this years fire season . Is that just another temper tantrum ? Sycophant .
America , without a wannabe dictator like Donald Trump .
@GOPLeader  You said ,"Republicans will chose individual freedom over government control." What does a wall do ? You're just as big a hypocrite as all the other Republicans I have voted against for 46years and will continue to vote against as long as there is a United States of
pass this Border Wall spending bill during the time you Republicans controlled both Houses of Congress and the White House . This was what Trump campaigned on during mid-term election and you all were whipped . Americans don't want this wall . Just you Republicans want the wall.
@GOPLeader Stop being a liar for this ingrate President . You could have passed this Border Wall spending Bill while you Republicans controlled both Houses of Congress. Your silence is telling us what the truth is . You don't have a good answer, for why you Republicans didn't
@GOPLeader  Hey, mister GOP , you are not seeking co-operation you are seeking confrontation or you would have passed a Border Wall spending Bill while you Republicans controlled both Houses of Congress during 2017 and 2018 .
@GOPLeader  Hey, mister GOP why didn't you Republicans pass this funding bill for the Wall during the two years you all controlled both Houses of Congress ? Seriously ?
Isn't it amazing how quick Kevin McCarthy got this on Twitter , almost like it was a set-up . But, really why wasn't this bill passed in 2017 or 2018 when Republicans controlled both Houses of Congress and the White House ? https://t.co/TVdUaJCxCt
You should have used a fat old man wearing a white shag rug on his head flipping the table . https://t.co/lwxHa9ELwq
One of the first acts Trump took as President was to fire all of the US Attorneys . Do you suppose that was a ham handed attempt to end all of the investigations into him to that point ? https://t.co/HGeoqxDwE3
What happened to the Republican Bill that gave Trump money for his Border Wall and passed both Houses of Congress right before Christmas ? Hint: Trump refused to sign it . https://t.co/PovhLCjoVV
And what were Brad Parscale and Jared Kushner doing in that little room in Texas stuffed full of computers ? Why was Jared Kushner trying to get Sergey Lavrov and Sergey Kislyak to help him secure a clandestine communication channel to the Kremlin ? https://t.co/QDX5jNaGbX
It's just another drug induced delusion . https://t.co/MvsVD3W2Lq
Of course he looked sad and medicated he's crushing and snorting Adderall (Dextroamphetamine + Amphetamine) https://t.co/CFZ0BSdYc9
Thank You, Rep. Joe Kennedy III . This injustice against our First Nations has gone on too long . https://t.co/bBrGAQKEEO
More money for the Border Wall ? https://t.co/uuaAb2fwX5
Contract Negotiator and my pay was based on what I negotiated , because I was a member of the Union negotiating the Contract . I never, never, never walked out of a negotiation , no matter how heated the arguments got because that would have meant I had conceded my position .
Well, the Republicans can say what they want to about the Democratic Leaders in Congress but the Democrats didn't act like some spoiled two year old child and end the negotiations by walking out on the negotiations . Trump ended the negotiations by walking out . I was a Union https://t.co/K5UUyMCOWV
bills , making your car payment, paying your student loan or paying your rent or mortgage payment ?
CNBC is now reporting that 78% of workers in the United States live from paycheck to paycheck . Then we must all ask ourselves , how long could I survive without my paycheck ? Buying groceries, paying for medicine, buying gasoline so you can drive to work , paying your utility
Border Wall is unpopular with the majority of the American people they didn't want to make their constituents mad by funding the wall , so you want the Democrats to pass your unpopular Border Wall, so people will be mad at Democrats for wasting their money .
Justice Gorsuch and Justice Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court . You got all of that through the Republican House and Senate , so why didn't you get your Republican House and Republican Senate to fund your Border Wall ? Because the Republican House and Senate members knew this
@realDonaldTrump   If there is such a crisis on the Mexican Border why didn't your Republican House and Senate pass a bill to fund your border wall during 2017 and 2018 , when you could have done it with a majority vote , like you passed your Tax Cut for Millionaires and voted
@LouDobbs  The question should not be whether we have a country or not because of the border  wall. This is a stupid proposition . The question should be why didn't President Trump get his border wall funded when he had a Republican House and Senate to support his fascist agenda?
The Trump agenda is dead on the vine . The question is will Lou Dobbs report the truth or not , probably not . https://t.co/FHUW9hRD0N
Jerome Corsi is some kind of a genius wacko, weirdo, old man high on Geritol . He claims he deduced the idea of Roger Stone meeting with Julian Asange while on a flight to Italy , and figured out Roger Stone had to be the one communicating Asanges conspiracies to Trump campaign .
Jerome Corsi is on the Ari Melber show "The Beat" . talking about how Robert Mueller is breaking the law by subpoenaing him to testify in Court . Flako, wako moron .
Oh, that makes me feel a whole lot better . At least the Nazis don't want Trump to declare a National Emergency . What else could they have in mind ? Maybe burning all the records in the National Archives and Records Administration ? https://t.co/kD1av9GE0t
@SRuhle  If this issue on the border is or was such a national emergency then why didn't Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) pass the bill funding the wall and give his President the money he wanted to build this wall . Why didn't the Republicans in the House of Representatives pass the bill?
adult to discuss these issues with , as the Republicans in the House of Representatives only want a photo-op and are not interested in solving any issue . That is why they didn't resolve the border issue when they were in control of all of the government .
ignore the substance of the underlying issues that cause the misunderstandings . I commend you for at least being the adult in the room and suggesting you sit down and discuss the problems at the root of the misunderstandings . I fear you will have a difficult time finding an
@RepDebHaaland  I don't believe Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) will ever be adult enough to agree to sit down with anyone and have an Adult, face to face conversation . It is much easier for him to just sit in the shadows and shout ignorant, offensive right-wing talking points and
feel sorry for her having to work for a scumbag like Trump , but now she is making a conscious decision to mislead the American Taxpayer . They is no employee in America who should lie to their employer, and we are her employers .
No one in this administration has any integrity, I don't believe anything any of them say . Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen is one of the biggest liars in the entire administration , she has been caught lying on so many occasions that I don't believe a word she says , I used to feel https://t.co/bXwcZIIB8z
be given equal time to respond in defense of their position . Maybe , Trump won't say anything political . HA, HA .
I believe I remember in normal times there was a law or policy that if one political Party is allowed TV time to make a political statement there has to be equal time allowed for the opposing view . So, if Trump gives a political view or attacks the Democrats then they have to https://t.co/FxAWvhvt1v
President Trump speaks pearls of wisdom dripping from the ars-hole of chimps . Trump is so stupid they can't write briefings for him , they have to show him cartoons explaining policies . https://t.co/dEtzUVC4HS
use his Presidential powers to defeat her and try to make her submissive to him . It ain't going to happen . SCOTUS here we come .
If we have such a crisis on the Mexican Border why didn't Trump get his Republican House and Senate pass this legislation in 2018 when Trump had control of the spineless Republicans in Congress ? Because he is just wanting a battle to fight with Speaker Nancy Pelosi so he can
When will Trump start deporting the Americans who into schools and shoot up the classrooms and churches to murder the people in Prayer ,or murder African-American or Latino citizens for having dark skin ?
Lou Dobbs should get a real job , working for a real News Organization . Maybe then he would have enough self esteem that he wouldn't have to play for the cheap seats . https://t.co/OgiFoSAmcB
Give'em hell , AOC . https://t.co/owCt2HBh5v
As a show of solidarity with the 800,000 federal workers who won't be paid until this shut down ends , I won't watch the Broadcast of President Trump's Border Wall Speech . https://t.co/Ypn8ZXHxX4
let Trump go in his campaign to weaken the American Government for his buddy Vladimir Putin ? All of this is being done so Trump can still build his Trump Moscow Tower when he leaves his office as President .
to the negotiation with us . The Chinese Government has already told the Chinese farmers to plant soybeans so they don't have to buy American Soybeans to feed their hogs with . General Motors is eliminating 45,000 jobs because of Trumps tariffs on steel , how far are we going to
Like I said on Twitter about six months ago : Trump is really good at blowing stuff up, but name one thing he has made better, so far . Right now, don't hand that " Well he is working on...…………, that is BS because stuff may never get fixed . What if China doesn't come back
changing our National Security policy in Syria because Benjamin Netanyahu , Prime Minister of Israel is raising Hell , because he knows Iran will take over the Middle East and undermine Israel .
Trump lie to upstage the idea of Nancy Pelosi being Speaker of the House so Trump could be the center of the Nation's attention , so why did Trump have to fire Secretary of Defense James Mattis ? My money is betting Putin told Trump we didn't need to be in Syria . Trump is now
Now we are finding out Trump is not the Military out of Syria . It was just another lie and he cost our country the service of Secretary of Defense James Mattis . Now, National Security Advisor John Bolton is telling all of our Allies that we are not leaving Syria , it was just a
everyone else in his Administration fills in the lies he states . I don't think the News Networks should cover the presidents national Press conference tomorrow night and if they cover his lie conference , I won't watch it, because I am tired of the lies .
Trump doesn't have any policies because he isn't smart enough to develop a policy so just makes up lies because he can make them up as he goes . He would have to study international relations to develop a foreign policy and he can't do that so he just makes up something and then
I am so tired of being lied to by this President and his lying Administ ration . Julia Ainsley with MSNBC just reported 6 known terrorists were arrested on the Mexican Border in the first six months of 2018 . Another Trump lie destroyed before our very eyes .
Trump is delusional and delusions are fleeting . https://t.co/arWTeaL9N8
He is adorable . He is quite the little man . https://t.co/uY1XFOgJGx
Only the last one, sir . https://t.co/i99kGgjjej
@MeetThePress  Why didn't Chuck Todd ask Senator James Langford " If the Republicans were aware that President Trump wanted $5billion then why didn't the Republicans pass the $5.6billion dollars for Trump's Border Wall when they controlled the whole government ?
@ChrisVanHollen   If the President has been saying what he wanted "all along" like Senator James Langford said then why didn't the Republicans pass the Border Wall Bill when they controlled the whole Government .
How many times does she have to say it , to make her point? https://t.co/flLtHbp5Fd
Your influence is spreading . The word must be getting out . https://t.co/hpETAw5ZTV
The Hypocrisy in the Republican Party would fill all of the Oceans on Planet Earth . No mercy . https://t.co/fHNnuR0Zw0
Isn't he one of the Russian Oligarchs that Mueller has sanctioned and subpoenaed ? https://t.co/H6qqXHnnum
Hell, yeah .  She had breast implants , to make more money while nude modeling . https://t.co/6lxWgNe7Qd
I think I remember tweeting about them sharing "I love yous" late at night over the phone . Whispering sweet nothings in each other's ear . That was before Helsinki . https://t.co/bofooZOwpv
your service to the Great nation we all love so much . I wish I could have been there to share your joy and excitement in person . Thank You and good luck .
@RepDebHaaland   The picture of you and Rep. Sharice Davids hugging on the floor of the House of Representatives is trending on Twitter . You two have warmed my heart and brought me great joy . There is a large number of us wishing you two great success and want to thank you for
@Deb4CongressNM
nation and I am enjoying your success . We are with you . Thank you for your service to the country we all love .
@sharicedavids The photograph of you and Rep. Deb Haaland, hugging on the floor of the House , is now trending on Twitter . You two made me wish I could have been there with you two and shared in that historic moment . You are bringing a new sense of excitement and joy to our
What a National Disgrace . That this hadn't happened sooner . I would have given all I own to have been there to get a hug from these beautiful human beings, just for myself . https://t.co/BysrGoGsW0
Now showing in courtroom near Washington, DC . https://t.co/nU6OlD7v22
the Texas Land Office Commissioner has requested the $4billion due Texas and has gotten no response from OMB Director Mick Mulvaney. Is this going to be another slush fund for Trump to use for his Border Wall, rather than have it to use for storm or disaster preparedness ?
@Morning_Joe   The newly elected Democrats in the House of Representatives need to find out what has happened to the $16billion , The Republican House of Representatives led by Rep. Paul Ryan(R-WI) , voted to give Trump for Natural Disaster Preparations in 2017. George P. Bush
Probably because he squatted there for weeks and got drunk last night along with all the other Republicans who were voted out or decided to not run this time and woke up this morning not knowing where he was and couldn't find his car . https://t.co/MOiBg8s0f2
the lives lost in those wars . But "Cadet Bonespurs" never served in the military so he doesn't understand how withdrawing from that fight now diminishes the sacrifices made by the soldiers who died fighting those wars for our country .
how much deficit we are giving future generations . I won't be around to have to deal with it , but I don't like the idea of my generation leaving the next generation with a $20trillion debt we ran up fighting wars that Trump is getting ready to withdraw from, with no regard for
reduction in spending somewhere else in the budget . There is a majority vote override in the bill . It is good that they want to reduce the deficit spending since The Republicans blew that $2trillion hole in the budget with that Trump Tax Cut in 2017 . We need to think about
Speaker Pelosi wanted to try to put a cap on mandatory spending so they proposed this "PayGo" which means any bill written concerning mandatory spending , i.e. increased, spending on Medicare, Social Security or Taxes and a few other items.) would require an offsetting reduction https://t.co/OU1JtSPqZP
some of us share that cause with you or you would not have gotten that person's vote . Every time you succeed in passing a bill some of your fellow citizens will have a better life . Thank you for deciding to serve our great nation by deciding to serve in Congress .
difficulties and what you may from us . We must all work together in this endeavor in order for us to succeed . We are all in this together , every one of you that can achieve at least one of your goals there must be at least some of us that will also have a better life because
are indebted to you for this undertaking and I just want to thank you all for your decision to serve our great nation by serving in our Congress . If at some point along the you could get on TV and just give us an update on the progress we have made and where you are having
I have tried to get a lot of the newly elected Democrats on to my Twitter feed so I can communicate with all of you . I just wanted to tell all of you that we are so proud of you all for embarking on this journey , by spending this part of your life trying our lives better , we
will be necessary to write the bills in a way that will make them more durable . The way they wove the Affordable Care Act through other legislation so it will be difficult to disassemble ,later by the Republicans . Again Thank You for your service .
doing, how your agenda is progressing , Trump and his cronies have disassembled a lot of essential functions of our government and you all will have to put it back together. But, you all have an excellent leader in Speaker Pelosi , she will lead you through the procedures that
@KatieHill4CA  Just saw you and Congresswoman Haley Stevens on CNN , just wanted to thank for your decision to serve our great nation by serving us in Congress . We are with you , we understand you will be busy but if and when possible try to get on TV and let us how you are
@HaleyLive  So proud of ladies , you all look so enthusiastic, we the people are behind you . Watching you on CNN . You all need to get on camera when you can so you can tell us what you are doing . Go get them . Thank You for your decision to serve our great nation .
@KatieHill4CA Go get them , we are behind you congratulations on winning your election . You look so enthusiastic keep it up . We are so proud of you, all of you .
Every One needs to look at the pictures in this Vox Article and pay a little extra attention to the picture of the men in Republican House , with very, very few women . It is really very stark . https://t.co/w3WvKwmFCh
They've been here and have Spawn . https://t.co/nJrszKjiQu
cate from one prison cell to another by tapping out messages on the walls .
@DonaldJTrumpJr   Congratulations for attacking another Democratic Woman Leader . Now you can go back to planning what you will do with your time while you are in Prison . I have an idea ; you and your criminal father can develop a code system like morse code , so you can communi
fill his off shore bank account , well hidden for prying eyes . Shrewd, diabolical and deliberate . He is quite the opponent, the Kentucky Democratic Party has tried year after year to defeat him , we feel he is one of the cards in the bottom level of the house of cards .
Hey, that's my Senator . You forgot to say he is a Turtle, he retracts into his shell every time someone questions him, because he lost his principles when he realized how much lobbyist money was available to someone that was willing to be bought by any one with enough money to https://t.co/YBnsuRaxE7
Kind of makes you think he doesn't have one . https://t.co/VwVnmmQ5iG
investigating each of those locations and the executive in charge of one of Trump's New Jersey Casinos suddenly disappeared , just before the New Jersey Casino and Gaming Commission and the FBI went to the Casino looking for him , coincidence ?
There was a whole lot more information about all the Trump Casinos and Gaming adventures in Wikipedia, but surprisingly a vast majority of that information has disappeared . There were articles in Wikipedia about each of Trump Gaming and Casino Enterprises and how the FBI was https://t.co/TYuX8tJRUQ
Commission and the FBI , then the Russian mob stopped laundering their money thru the Casinos . Trump then put his Casinos into controlled bankruptcy and took the cash and bought more Real Estate , so he could launder the Russian Mob money again , and did the "Apprentice Show" .
Trump was laundering New York City Russian Organized Crime Family money through his New Jersey Casinos , when Rudy Giuliani was Mayor of New York City and Chris Christie was the US Attorney in New Jersey . Trump found he was being investigated by the New Jersey Casino Control https://t.co/TYuX8tJRUQ
the world trade alone , he didn't know what he was doing.
in the world trade economy because the goods are more expensive , and people are buying less because everything costs more, so now we have the "chicken and egg" cycle entered into the world trade cycle . So this leads to endless global trade decline cycle . Trump should have left
have placed tariffs on the goods they but from us so those tariffs make the goods more expensive so people aren't buying as much . Did I miss something . People are beginning to question whether they want to buy goods because goods are more expensive . So now we have inflation
down because those two countries comprise the majority of the foreign trade in the world and they are not trading. Did I miss something ? Of course the world's economy is slowing down , because Trump has imposed tariffs on all the good imported to the US , and the other countries
The World's economy is slowing down, No kidding . It seems to me if the two largest economies in the world are locked in a trade war, and are not exchanging goods because they have put tariffs on each other ,then as a reaction to that action then the world economy would slow
If we'd have had video back when I was in High School , I have no doubt I would have been caught acting like I loved my life and was thankful for what god had blessed me with. Isn't this video better than her laying on the sidewalk, strung out on drugs? Guess haters have to hate. https://t.co/mXaamvjRYv
How does AG Whitaker speak so clearly with another man's junk in his mouth ? https://t.co/b3BR5rZPZ3
This video is one minute and thirty-nine seconds of Trump feeding his supporters Trump T*rd sandwiches . https://t.co/QtzbpHZJJE
That's Trumpy the Clown's new TV show "Immigrant Apprentice" if they come on his show and put on a good show he let them in , if they can't convince him they deserve asylum then he sends them back home . https://t.co/QtzbpHZJJE
any law they want to because they are in control of that Department . This needs to be stopped before we have no laws or regulations left .
@NatashaBertrand  I hope Rep. Jerry Nadler(D-NY) is on your Twitter feed , so he can question AG Whitaker about undermining the Department of Justice and his blatant disregard for DOJ Policy . It is like the Trump Administration thinks they are all above the law and can break
talking to people outside the DOJ about an ongoing investigation in his Department of Justice .
@RepJerryNadler Just wanted to let you know , AG Whitaker had breakfast with former AG Ed Meese and Whitaker told former AG Ed Meese that Jim Huber was still investigating the FBI overreaching their authority . AG Whitaker needs to be called before Congress to explain why he is
He's a drunk driver trying to talk the cop out of locking him up, he's probably drunk on that rotgut Trump Wine and Adderall . Watch the video and tell me he doesn't act like he's drunk or stoned . https://t.co/tfEzJk7er4
Every one needs to think  about the damage these substances do to people every day . These substances destroy Americans lives every day . I would also add sugar to this list . I have also eliminated salt from my life . https://t.co/94PhwR8T5K
if they just think "Trump" subconsciously , it still keeps his name or his "Brand" in the every day thoughts of Americans. He thinks of it as free advertisement that he doesn't have to pay for . He needs the money for his Adderall addiction .
Trump wants a border wall so every time someone goes by, past, over or under that wall they think of "Trump" it is free word of mouth advertisement forever . That is why he is changing every law, rule or policy he can , so his name becomes an every day thought of Americans . Even
@RepAdamSchiff  I hope you all are planning to subpoena the stenographer from Trump's Helsinki, Finland meeting with Vladimir Putin . We need to find out what really happened and what was said during that meeting . The Russian posture toward the U.S. has changed since then .
Russian or is Melania his translator ?
The House Intelligence Committee needs to subpoena the American Stenographer who was present at Trump's meeting with Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, Finland last year , to find out what really happened and what was said . Don't forget Putin does speak English , does Trump speak
Amen, to both of you . We are not alone . https://t.co/30vYZpWv6B
Thank you, for reminding us . I see his face when I wake up screaming in the middle of the night (not really, but I am so fed up with his ignorance I want to ………). https://t.co/6mmCgvoIzQ
Today, during Trump's Televised Cabinet Meeting on National Television , I thought Trump looked like a drunk driver trying to talk his way out of being locked up for drunk driving after failing a field sobriety test .
Wow, that's our "Trumpy Bear" . https://t.co/hKJgnsmsKB
Wow, he really is a stable genius . https://t.co/hKJgnsmsKB
The boogey men have escaped . https://t.co/EKIEzf9Ik9
The longest journey begins with the first step , beginning with recognizing there is a problem  (i.e. there is a need for the first step) . https://t.co/ijJGOWUa4G
Trump's got some undocumented Immigrants working at Bedminster Golf Club that he is going to nominate to be Secretary of Defense, White House Chief of Staff, U.S. Attorney General, Secretary of the Interior, and Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency on Wednesday.
I've enjoyed reading your columns and watching your show , I hope you continue the great reporting for many more years . Thanks for your service to our great nation . https://t.co/TSgpFP1cuJ
I've got $20 that says Trump snuck out of the White House , in the middle of the night, and flew to Mara-Lago snorting Adderall .
@realDonaldTrump   I guess all the investors in the Stock Market got tired of winning during your Administration and thought they'd try losing for a change , just for the heck of it .
You can't rush justice , the evidence demands it . https://t.co/NI2vixyRpQ
reasonable Republicans that deserve to be listened to . I wish you continued success in the future , wherever that may lead you .
@Elise_Jordan  I enjoyed your increased presence on MSNBC , I hope this has just the first step in a long career with MSNBC . We need to hear more from "normal Republicans " like yourself, Nicolle Wallace, Steve Schmidt, Rick Tyler and Bill Kristol to remind us there are
Judy Riuliani is working for Trump because his last wife divorced him and cleaned him out because he is a babbling old Scrooge, and she couldn't stand his lies anymore .
Does anyone really care what Judy Riuliani thinks ? Certainly not Robert S. Mueller III , the Special Counsel .
The Perfect New Years resolution for Kellyanne Conway would be to learn how to talk for twenty minutes without having to breathe . She can already talk for ten minutes without breathing . https://t.co/AbNpMdC017
Stainless steel bracelets would be a fitting accessory for her . https://t.co/t96X3zroQf
the 1970s and I know he is driven by his conservative principles and I will be surprised if he betrays those selfish conservative values he has pursued his entire political life and sacrifices those principles for a more difficult decision.
about his personal legacy as a conservative and his desire to appoint conservative judges to the courts and he will put that above his duty to the country as a whole .I have watched Senator McConnell since he was the County Judge Executive here in Jefferson County, Kentucky in
That is an excellent and inciteful article , I just hope Senator Mitch McConnell and his Republican colleagues in the Senate have the foresight to see the long term damage that will inflicted on the DOJ and do the right thing . But I am afraid Senator McConnell is more concerned https://t.co/84ao88oNzM
Thank You Senator Collins for seeing the Coast Guard is paid during this stupid shut down . They are essential in securing our borders, coastline , waterways and in drug interdiction . https://t.co/SpX2kgvlqm
The World requires change when it is warranted . https://t.co/YbKGWLBaDW
Lock her up . https://t.co/7MjfIRf6nO
@realDonaldTrump  Incompetence  is grounds for impeachment . Nancy Pelosi is not the speaker of the House . Call your worthless Republican Speaker of the House and tell him to bring the House back in Session .
@realDonaldTrump   Trumpy Dumpy must fall off his wall . It ain't going nowhere . You're ruining our economy for your stupid wall . Your support is leaving you , because you're chasing the goony Republican Goonybirds .
@realDonaldTrump   Go ahead and shut the whole darn Government down . The Republicans in Congress and You are in control of the Government , why don't you call those wimpy Republicans back to Washington and make them pass a bill to open the Government .
@craigmelvin  Thank You for showing us the incredible life story of Richard Overton . What a life .
@Elise_Jordan  Do people not realize the two immigrants that have died , while in the custody of our government , were someone's babies .
@Elise_Jordan   You're on a roll of fantastic shows , keep up the good work . Actually, I believe you're getting better with every show . I really like your selection of contributors , you're showing us a point of view that is different .
Trump is tweaking on Adderall .
show how knowledgeable you are and lead to more opportunities for you . Good Luck .
@Elise_Jordan  I've been thinking MSNBC should give you an opportunity to show your qualifications . I am very glad they have finally decided to give you an opportunity to show how intelligent you really are . I hope this step will lead to you having more opportunities to
@realDonaldTrump   The highest approval rating your "Border Wall" ever had was 44% , so the majority of the American people have never wanted a "Border Wall", we want border security no "Border Wall" or fence. "Border Walls" are ugly , America is beautiful .
@realDonaldTrump   You're in trouble because of all the lies you have told the American people and most of us are smart enough to know you're a liar and we don't trust you . We don't want a President who lies to us everyday . Stop lying to the American people .
@realDonaldTrump   Hey, Fathead , you told everyone they would get $4000 to $9000 in tax savings from "Trump's Tax Cuts and Jobs Acts of 2017", only 6% of that tax cut has gone to middle-income individual taxpayers and the rest has gone to corporations and the wealthy , like you
Of course all they do is bleat; they're all a bunch of sheeple. https://t.co/qLxl7S3xqg
Every time Trump's erratic behavior goes into hyperdrive I start thinking about Adolph Hitler's  persistent dependence on pharmaceutical stimulants in order to deal with the pressures of running Germany during WWII , and draw a parallel between Hitler's drug dependence and Trumps https://t.co/dFUBpiI7QE
This is another fabulous article by Politico . This shows everyone how ill-equipped Trump is to govern any group of people , much less an operation as large as the government of the United States of America . https://t.co/69UU0nSWwI
OOps, Fake news ? Twilight Zone ? Waking Nightmare ?Nope, its just Trump . https://t.co/6hjxPzfyYr
@realDonaldTrump   Democrats should deduct the cost of this shut down from the $1.3billion they offered Trumpy in their last budget proposal . We are going to have to pay for your Trump Tax Cut of 2017, first . You need to be held responsible for your actions .
@realDonaldTrump  How is that Trump Tax Cut for Billionaires and Corporations , that you and the other pukes in Congress passed in 2017, working out for you all ?
#TrumpyGrinch is ruining a lot of Christmas plans for 800,000 American Citizens , by throwing his latest Temper Tantrum .
#TrumpyGrinch must be too distracted , looking for his Putin Pacifier, to realize he is spending his Border Wall money by shutting the government down . https://t.co/W4vobG5mDk
How could this not be obvious to all supposed "Christians" . What do they think Christmas is all about ? https://t.co/LbgpCRKBwk
#TrumpyGrinch Is a spoiled, overbearing , 72 year old manchild , who probably wears Pampers and sucks a Putin Pacifier during his Executive Time .
#TrumpyGrinch All TrumpyGrinch wants for Christmas is a Putin Pacifier and a nose full of Adderall .
Oh, excuse me I forgot you're not a man . You're just a spoiled, overbearing, 72 year old brat child . So, please just shut up and go suck your Putin Pacifier .
Thank you Mike Barnicle for saying what everyone is thinking . Hey, Trumpy Grinch, no one gives a rat's arse how much you think you are suffering . Everyone knows how spoiled and entitled you and your ilk are , you brought this on yourself so just shut up and take it like a man . https://t.co/rVCIQDW4tP
wealthy and corporations, so they will continue to contribute to their campaign funds .
Rep. Elijah Cummings(D-MD), Thank you for your service to all of the people of the Untied States of America . It is really reassuring to know that at least the Democrats are all looking out for all of the citizens of America , even if the Republicans only want to represent the https://t.co/Y5lHJ8gM9P
You mean Trump's twitter account has been active . I am of the mind there are other administration employees that log on to that Account , and communicate thru it . https://t.co/ag2POdZFm5
I live in Kentucky and tried several times and will try again . https://t.co/KxSMDH3jAx
If you are asking me , yes sir . https://t.co/byIstoPsOA
wouldn't buy any more of our debt .
If we are heading toward a financial collapse , cash won't save us . If the Stock Market crashes the dollar will probably be worthless . The money in the Treasury will go to pay the Federal debt to keep the government open and running , because we'll be so far in debt China
So how many times and by whom has this occurred before ? Why are they making this all known now ? Is our financial stability in jeopardy , because of the erratic actions of this President in the last two years ? https://t.co/pPZyh1VxXN
Kind of makes me wonder why the Secretary of the Treasury, posts such a soul baring message considering the Administration he serves is rotten to the core and generally conceals all their activities due to their criminality . https://t.co/pPZyh1VxXN
Commander in Chief ? https://t.co/GSwhQCwxg6
Sign me up with Cynthia Alksne , whatever it takes I'm ready . I hope Rep. Schiff is reading his Twitter feed . It must start in Congress , if that goes crazy , I'm ready . I would prefer we start out trying the legal way , but . https://t.co/b8brfynpB4
Trump Tower in Moscow ?
was illegal ? Why is he constantly lying to the American people when his long term political well being relies on his popularity ? Why did Trump lie when he told us he had no deals with Russia , no plans for deals in the future ? When he had signed a letter of intent to build a
I keep running this through my head trying to find an alternative answer to the question that continually comes to my mind . Why does Trump act like a guilty person if he is as innocent as he claims to be ? Why does he continually lie if he is not trying to cover an act he knows
@FrankFigliuzzi1  Glad to hear you'll be enlightening us today . I feel better about the plight our country is facing, knowing we have dedicated men and women like you at the DOJ protecting us from the Criminal element in our country . Thank you for your service to our country .
Thank You , Rep. Schiff I made that point earlier but you have a much bigger profile . I am glad other people remember this fact . The Republicans in Congress apparently have forgotten this fact . The Republicans in Congress lied to the American people about the Trump Tax Cut . https://t.co/9JCFqxABWx
I can't believe Trump has shut down the Federal Government while the American Citizens of Flint, Michigan are still drinking, bathing in and cooking with the toxic water after three years . What are we doing ? Who are we defending ? Who are we protecting ?
of our nation and our people the way Putin has stolen the riches of Russia for himself .
Thank You, Rep. John Yarmuth . McConnell and Ryan are both spineless, sellouts .The country will suffer while they enrich themselves , with the criminal in the White House . I fear they have had enough time to determine how to enrich themselves by embezzling the riches of riches https://t.co/RS7xpZyNL5
Yeah, but we still have Jared and Ivanka . https://t.co/x9955wWtTi
@LindseyGrahamSC  Tell us again about Democrats spending like drunken sailors after you Republicans spent $2trillion on tax cuts for billionaires so they would be able to give you campaign contributions for your tax cuts . You know that sounds like "Pay to Play" .
to be a Republican .
our way he will go to jail . You being really hypocritical to act so shocked that Democrats want to prosecute a criminal like Trump . Trump is a crook pursuing criminal activity while in our White House and we aren't taking it ,you're blind to his criminality because he claimed
@LindseyGrahamSC   Have you forgotten what you Republicans did to President Obama . You all ganged up on Obama and did everything you could to block his agenda so don't expect us to sympathize with Trump , considering his criminal activity , he should be in jail and when we have
Democrats took the House in 2018 and the Senate will be ours after 2020 . You had better look at who is up for re-election in 2020 . Trump is a disaster and you all will pay for your willingness to support a corrupt Administration . Trump is a crook if you support him so are you.
economy .and create jobs and prosperity to all . The one Trump said was for the middle class . Tell me and the American people all about it . You think you Republicans, I mean Trumpkins , are going to have your clocks cleaned in the Senate are going to be sent home in 2020 . The
@LindseyGrahamSC  That cheap Trump Wine will rot your guts out . We Waste money ? Tell me about your Republican Tax Cut of 2017 . You know the one that everyone told you all the Corporations would spend their money for stock buy backs . The one you all said would boost the
That's got my vote . https://t.co/jIAsy7Tbkx
for the wall . Trump needs to stop negotiating with just Republicans behind closed doors . This whole policy needs to be done in the light of day . Why is Trump calling for a luncheon at the White House Democrats , he is not negotiating with the Republicans .
Both Parties need to come out of their extremist corners and start working together, for the benefit of our country . Trump is wrong to demand more money than we can reasonably provide . Trump had a deal for 1.2 billion , that bill had more money for security on the border , not
with in order to have sound policies the country can agree on . Every one has to lose a little and every one has to gain a little in order to have sound , reasonable policies that the country can operate on .
@rickwtyler  I am a Democrat and have been my whole life . But I'll be glad when reasonable Republicans come back to their senses and begin arguing for their views with Democrats like we used to do . That is the way it should be , Democrats need reasonable Republicans to argue
@ZerlinaMaxwell  Love your hoops . Keep smiling , you're beautiful when you look in the camera and smile .
SSSSSSSSSSSSSssHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhh, don't interrupt the cheers from the winners . https://t.co/B8iY69HiSF
Call ICE and have them deported back to Jerusalem, before Jesus was born so he couldn't claim US citizenship . https://t.co/EXuzA0c0NB
This is all going to end on January 3, 2019 . Washington, D.C. will be having spasms when Trump goes back to Washington , after Christmas because his desk will be covered with subpoenas . Unfortunately , I don't believe we have seen the worst , yet . https://t.co/9DvZbNwxSu
Let's all pray for the fools who donated to Brian Kolfage's "Go Fund Me" account to pay for a Wall on the Mexican Border . Brian Kolfage is a conspiracy Theorist from Florida who will probably take all their money and retire in South America, Central America or Eastern Europe .
Rush Limbaugh is the puppet master , but who voted for him ? https://t.co/P0qCN9c5DK
@RepTimRyan  Thanks for that smack down .
Lay it out Dr. Greer . https://t.co/IyVE6KTKsq
@BillOReilly  Your statement about Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg shows just how sick you and your ilk are . Go to church MOFO .
@TrumpResign  Why didn't all Republicans have this "Laissez Faire" attitude with President Obama's Policies ?
#TrumpResign I won't tell you what a musician , I used to jam with , used his dirty socks for . https://t.co/iNpotgz6l6
My fingers are sore from keying so much . https://t.co/NUQEvlKve2
#TrumpResign  What now ?
#TrumpResign  Who is that anyway ?
#TrumpResign  Trump is a cuck .
#TrumpResign
He's still cucking . https://t.co/JnY5pv5m4s
#TrumpResign  Trump Organization just applied for 76 new H-1B visas for Trump properties .
#TrumpResign  Trump is the only American President to kill a 7 year old immigrant girl .
#TrumpResign https://t.co/hARQZecN5f
#TrumpResign  Jam twitter so Trump can't Tweet .
#TrumpResign  Trump uses Orange Shellac on his face .
#TrumpResign  Blow up twitter , by repeating . Baby Trump can't use twitter .
RT @Mikeymgm1701: #TrumpResign Because he’s a buffoon https://t.co/f4NehZMYBc
Trump with his dentures out . https://t.co/aF5mqpU91o
Trump long hair and Orange skin . https://t.co/aF5mqpU91o
Bad Hair Day ? https://t.co/aF5mqpU91o
#TrumpResign so Trump can snort Adderall .
#TrumpResign  I have to change my storyline so Twitter will post, "Trump snorts Adderall" .
#TrumpResign  Fund the darn wall , so Trump can snort Adderall .
#TrumpResign  Where did OrangeJulius come from ? Snort Adderall .
#TrumpResign so you and Putin can snort Adderall all day ,everyday .
#TrumpResign so you and Putin can snort Adderall all the time .
#TrumpResign so you and Putin can snort Adderall .
Everyone vote and retweet . https://t.co/faZr5Drm1n
And snort a lot of Adderall . https://t.co/IFknEkgBCF
TrumpResign
#TrumpResign  No Bueno , Trump is snorting Adderall .
#TrumpResign  Trump is snorting a lot of Adderall .
#TrumpResign  Trump is snorting Adderall .
#TrumpResign    Trump , the whole country is against you .
#TrumpResign    Trump is snorting Adderall .
#TrumpResign   Trump is snorting Adderall .
#TrumpResign    Trump did one thing well . He crashed the stock market .
#TrumpResign  How long do I have to do this ?
#TrumpResign  Yessssssssssssssssssssssssss
#TrumpResign  #1 .
#TrumpResign Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
#TrumpResign  Trumpy , you got the message yet ?
#TrumpResign  Come on , Trumpy . You freaking criminal .
#TrumpResign   Come on , Trumpy , Please .
#TrumpResign  Go Baby .
#TrumpResign
#TrumpResign   Got my vote .
Retweet and vote , then pass it on . https://t.co/SxBTQKXdxE
This is so freaky unreal that Trump would want $5billion for a border wall with Mexico while the American citizens in Flint, Michigan have to drink water that looks like gasoline . https://t.co/6eOZXtqgdi
Too many people in America are drunk are rot gut Trump Wine . https://t.co/70kFzOsxSd
Andrew , Happy Birthday and I really do hope you have many , many more . https://t.co/oidgcszIJo
Senator Mitch McConnell needs to get up off his dead old arse and stop this raving lunatic . The results of what ever happens from today forward is the responsibility and the fault of the Republicans in the Senate . Trump is snorting Adderall, that is why he is acting so erratic
@senatemajldr   Just come on back home and let Trumpy the Clown simmer in his juices . Nancy Pelosi will show you how to handle Trumpy the Clown . This is all Trumpy's doing , let him have it . He owns all of this with you and the other Republicans and you all choke on it .
Of course he is still going to Mar-a-lago , this is his environment he doesn't even realize that no one else is used to this chaos . https://t.co/7LtXMnsWwS
That pretty much sums it up . All wheels are off and we're just skidding down the runway belly down . https://t.co/zTqF1tm9Hs
Trump is having a temper tantrum .
Mieke Eoyang , I agree . It's getting deep . Secretary of Defense Mattis just stated Trumpy deserves to have a Secretary of Defense that agrees with his World Views . https://t.co/JDf97s1Hua
"President Trumpy the Clown" will nominate Jared Kushner to be the next Secretary of Defense .
$5,710,000,000 was just tacked on the end of the 2019 spending bill . https://t.co/aAFgG0p8JE
This is like a Mafia Boss' Kiss of Death . https://t.co/yz3agtx4Cg
I think it is the Adderall . The Adderall is causing his mind to race ahead of his mouth , so his lips stumble trying to keep up . https://t.co/9ZC89rSJJp
@SpeakerRyan  Your legacy will be the $2trillion debt you gave the next generations .
When you got nothing else to say, that is meaningful , you can always say "God Bless America" . https://t.co/yz3agtx4Cg
@SpeakerRyan So you're going to shut down the Government because President Trumpy can't get Mexico to pay for the Trumpy Border Wall ?
We are going to shut the government down because Mexico won't pay for Trumpy's Wall ?
Trump doesn't understand the words you used to describe the Kurds . https://t.co/biUpEWHLV3
Rep. Jim Jordan(R-OH.) looks happy the government is going to shut down , because he finally got something done . https://t.co/2hYyGgh5iT
The Talking Heads of Faux(Fox) news are running the country . https://t.co/WFAaGsme4b
They are the Death-Rattles of the Trump/Republican Party . https://t.co/XWemdyXle7
Does this make him Barack Oclaus , or Santa Bama ? https://t.co/AOBrYwdbwE
save our planet and get away from fossil fuels . China is going to have such an advantage over the US , I don't know if we can ever catch up .
@RepDonBeyer I am glad I finally found the Representative who will listen to my views on science . I believe the U.S. must get back on the right track and pursue the course President Obama started us down by working toward a more renewable friendly energy policy . We must try to
Trumpy must be snorting Adderall again , you can tell by his erratic behavior . He is up and tweeting when he is "buzzing" and he gets quiet and withdraws when he isn't . Look at all his tweets and erratic statements from today , he must have a nose full .
@Comey I wanted to thank you for your service to our country and for trying to wake people up to what is going on in our Capitol . I have never seen so much corruption in our government in my 68 years of life . Again, thank you .
They are a willing extension of Vladimir Putin's push to destroy the west . To destroy democracies . To break-up the NATO Alliance, and Trump is an agent of the destruction of all western treaties . https://t.co/8f9LW900V4
Show me the proof . Trust but verify . They all are bubbleheads , or educated idiots . They think they can just say something and by their will it will happen . I dropped my Facebook account six or eight months ago and I'm doing just fine . https://t.co/N6nFReBMo5
I believe this story . I am a recovering abuser and I can spot another abuser a mile away and Trump is abusing something . I don't know what he is abusing but he has the characteristics and symptoms of an addict . https://t.co/qQpSgQkSs3
And they're still searching for polyps . With no anesthesia . https://t.co/ydHJWVPEMo
Thank you for reporting from the scene . We need to know the truth . This border lie must be exposed so the American people know what is really going on . https://t.co/9clzYoyJK2
Yet, the Republicans in our Congress are not getting involved . Where do their loyalties lie ? https://t.co/5ZlvMwzttX
I have so many fond memories of Penny Marshall , I couldn't begin to pick a favorite . I wonder if Rob Reiner will have any comment on social media . I remember her brother ,Garry Marshall , was really big for a while also , after he created "Happy Days" . https://t.co/UxMymy1C64
I love that name , it has a certain appeal . https://t.co/i6GHOoJzDU
@amyklobuchar  Please hold someone at Custom and Border Protection accountable for the death of that little immigrant girl . This is bad for the image of our country on the world stage .
@amyklobuchar Someone at Customs and Border Protection needs to be held accountable .
Their negligence led to her death and someone needs to be held accountable . https://t.co/cwMGAHeiq4
What a spoiled little girl . No doubt she deserves it . Beautiful little girl . https://t.co/jtWbzZH9pj
Two beautiful souls , loving their life . https://t.co/Rg1V5kJLnx
by a criminal organization and that criminal organization has full control of all the levers of our federal government and all its associated branches and is manipulating our government for its advantage to deny us our democratic government .
Is everyone sleep walking today or are you all comatose ? Did you not see what Asha Rangappa said in this tweet ? What do we have to do to get people outraged about what is going on in our Capitol ? Wake up people , we are losing control of government . Our country is being run https://t.co/HnCQyIsjki
It is up to our elected officials to save America's healthcare system . We the people have spoken in this last mid-term election , do we have to replace everyone in Congress to make our point . We will if we have to . https://t.co/CiS32RRdrr
Hello, Hello America is anyone listening ? https://t.co/HnCQyIsjki
I believe Kimberly Strassel is projecting her daily agenda . https://t.co/4tfJXOJF2x
Mexico’s Strategy for Dealing With Trump: Warn Him About China https://t.co/c9tt2JIz0k
The Republican Party and their corporate partners sharing their profits . https://t.co/ARw0tCDWgl
@JoeNBC   What ever happened to the Republican Party's Autopsy from 2013 ? Maybe they're just calling for another autopsy so they can finally say they have created some jobs, like Elise Jordan said a minute ago .
this crooked punk, mobster to try to get away with . This should have all Americans enraged .
So, this is latest evidence of all of the corruption that Trump has brought to our Justice system . Are we, as American citizens supposed to sit back and allow this crooked hoodlum destroy the justice system that has defended our country for 242 years ? This is just too much for https://t.co/bhRwYXZgPK
Justice Department asks appeals court to end Trump emoluments case https://t.co/EDtEN10udp
Trump wants to put his name on as many laws as he can so people will have to say his name . That way Trump gets free advertisement for his Brand. Its the name recognition game to Trump .
Their will always be Republicans somewhere in America trying to repeal Obamacare . I believe Trump just wants to get Obama's name off of it and he doesn't care what he has to do to reach his goal . Trump is a racist and can't stand Obama's name being on that law and not his name https://t.co/D1rH9nQa8T
crimes he has committed before the people . There is plenty of evidence to display this for all to see .
Impeachment must be treated just like any other criminal Prosecution . Don't put the criminal in jail before the trial . As corrupt as Trump is it should be simple to bring all of his crimes before the people and showing the people why he should be impeached because of the
Donald J. Trump has told so many lies he can't remember which lie he told . https://t.co/wWUL9aErWA
Lt. Gen Mike Flynn didn't know not to lie to law enforcement ? How can anyone say that with a straight face . I was taught not to lie to anyone, before I even started school .
@realDonaldTrump  Stop trying to distract everyone from seeing Chris Wallace tear Rudy Giuliani apart . You two have told so many lies you can't keep them straight . You don't know which lie you told when .
B. Johnson, Richard M. Nixon, Gerald R. Ford , Jimmy Carter , Ronald R. Reagan, George H.W. Bush , Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, Barack Obama none of them had so many scandals ,not Richard M. Nixon . I lived through all of these and Trump has surpassed them all in only two years
This is a misstatement , this is not one of the most scandal ridden presidencies of modern time . This is the most scandal ridden presidency of modern time . There has never been a President as scandalous as Trump , that I can remember . Dwight Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, Lyndon https://t.co/IOu2fJk3kR
People stop thinking there is any good in the Trump Republican Party . Every single Republican holding office now is a Trump Republican or they would resigned from this gang of criminal conspirators . They are liars for lying by denying they were going to take away your health-
We are a Nation of laws and our laws are being broken . Our country doesn't kill innocent children . We must hold these people accountable . https://t.co/UMWTdL8a0F
and I still remember my chest swelling with that acknowledgement and my acceptance of that statement .
First , Lt. General Hertling thank you for your service to our country , let me just say . My father told me , when he was teaching me how to drive , at age 16 never lie to law enforcement . He said "You're a man now you must be responsible for all your actions". That was 1966 https://t.co/ZkLzEICbWQ
Charlie Kirk needs to pray for forgiveness for lying . Charlie, Melania also has more plastic in her body that a 1963 Corvette Sting Ray . https://t.co/4FEaEFIWrW
Charlie Kirk needs to pray for forgiveness for lying . Charlie, she also has more plastic in her body than a 1963 Corvette Sting Ray .
of the immigrants are granted asylum that is not my call , The United States has laws on the books that will determine that . All I am saying is we need to follow our laws and procedures and the laws are not being followed now and people need to be held accountable .
When the Democrats take over the House of Representatives they need to investigate all of the cruelty being imposed on the poor immigrants , who are just trying to apply for asylum from the corruption at home . There are laws that are being broken everyday . I don't care if any
I love Rachel Maddow , watch her every night . I gave up on CNN a long time ago . They are overcompensating for Trump's attacks on them . Journalism is not defined by how much "Face Time" you give the Trump Administration's Apprentice Contestants . https://t.co/ewRuzyTBWL
I felt Sec. Kirstjen Nielsen's sense of loss and grief all the over here in Louisville, Kentucky . Guilt-shaming a poor 7 year old child who died in her custody , because the child had to leave her home because her parents feared for her life . https://t.co/c78y7lt032
No one with any sense of self esteem would want to be associated with the Trump name . Hell, it will take us a year to fumigate the White House so it will be fit for human habitation , after they are thrown out . https://t.co/hjcGVUPPaF
And continue to cooperate with them . https://t.co/EzbdrXvUPZ
That may be true but it does no good for anyone to have Kelly Ann Conway go on CNN and spew 35 minutes of disconnected sentences that don't even complete one thought . https://t.co/9fhkMxhRbn
That may be true but it does no one any good to have Kelly Ann Conway come on CNN and waste their time by spewing 35 minutes of disconnected sentences that don't even make one complete thought .
@CuomoPrimeTime You have accomplished nothing by allowing Kelly Ann Conway come on your show and waste 30 minutes and for what ? A total waste of time . She just spewed a 30 minute word salad and you're a sucker for having her on .
@ChrisCuomo  Kelly Ann Conway has wasted 25 minutes of your show and what meaningful discussion have you two had ? None, Nodda .
I don't believe their are twenty Republicans in the US Senate who have a pulse . https://t.co/iuaZ8t2YQd
Its her dowry from Donnie . https://t.co/g5kYCs3Y3e
Boing, Boing, Boing let's just let that one bounce around for a while . I wish my memory was good enough to remember that , but my mind is stuck on Alt-Reich Sewer Babies . https://t.co/38Apv4yNQ2
Melania Trump's Ode to Stormy Daniels . To see what Donald does with blonds . https://t.co/UrxgsbbHUV
@realDonaldTrump We still have that cage down in Guantanamo waiting for you . Liar. Traitor .
That "Law and Order President" is going to be in Prison before January 31, 2021 . https://t.co/5SKs4v7jsX
It worked for Fred Flintstone, Pebbles and Bam-Bam . https://t.co/bcYsYKtcuK
I've never had a Hot Beef Sundae , I wonder if they come with Chocolate syrup and sprinkles . Oh, and a cherry . https://t.co/8Jc8vXHoAY
knows who will have risen to the top of the heap . There are so many great Democrats .
@ZerlinaMaxwell  You're knocking them dead , I'm with you . Democrats need someone that is different, can speak to everyone , I like Mitch Landrieu, Julian Castro, Beto O'Rourke, Amy Klobuchar, Kamala Harris, Cory Booker etc., etc., etc.  By the time the end of 2019 gets here who
That sounds good to me . When I was a kid , we ate spam all the time and learned a lot of ways to eat it , it's versatile , and so full of preservatives it won't hardly spoil . Great for camping , fishing or hunting . https://t.co/hTESgmZ7yu
@jamestalarico  Hey man congratulations, from here in Louisville, Kentucky , on your victory there in Round Rock . My brother used to live there , before he passed away . He worked for IBM there in Austin and loved Texas . Good Luck .
I think its the grilled spam and squirt cheese . https://t.co/xVgS2fy7Fs
Jake, what is wrong with spam in a can ? It makes a mean grilled cheese , specially if you use that squirt cheese . 4:00 before going fishing throw the grilled spam/cheese in a skillet with bacon grease and let'er rip . https://t.co/y95ONpJdmk
not be perfect in all aspects , and they told us that when they passed it, it was the first step toward having healthcare for every American that wanted it or needed it .
She's my girl . I want to name an Office Building in Washington, DC after Speaker Nancy Pelosi . President Barack Obama said Speaker Nancy Pelosi was probably the best Speaker of the House in our Lifetime , She was the one who pushed the ACA through Congress . While the ACA may https://t.co/NqLdbKuQT4
No more autograph sessions for Trumpy . https://t.co/yFbTUU7TYg
Newt Gingrich will do anything for money . Newt may not be able to pass the Security Screening , now . The transactional President carries his own Bank Card Imprinter , so he can steal your card numbers as he swipes your card . https://t.co/L05MgbIHkB
I love Cher, "And The Beat Goes On".
I don't know anything about Melania, except that she is married to the Big Orange Clown named Trump . For all I know she could be trained by Putin, Putin training Melania, Melania training Trumpy, Trumpy training us . https://t.co/I0VWz0iF4n
Orange Douche Bag , now they're one in the same . They both will do anything to improve their stature with their ilk .
Well, just look who she is married to . I gave up on her after she wore that stupid topcoat to the Border . Until then I actually felt sorry for her . But, that Incident was the beginning of the end of my sympathy for her, She knew what she was doing when she married the Big https://t.co/OeDTZrBHYf
All of the women in America who got out and worked their tails off in this last election , deserve to have their National Day of the Women . Rejoice , Ladies. https://t.co/dE1CD7Lf79
It would be nice if we could send those poor people some aid . It turned my stomach when I saw that picture Nicholas Kristof showed to Katie Tur today . That 12 year old girl was skin and bones , she looked like she could fit in a coffee cup . https://t.co/zfvgYu7KwK
@ZerlinaMaxwell Loved your hoops today . I want to name a building in Washington, DC after Speaker Nancy Pelosi . Barack Obama even said she was the best Speaker of the House in our Lifetime . She pushed the ACA through Congress, what a woman, Trailblazer , Ceiling Crasher .
Looking forward to seeing David Jolly on "Hardball" on MSNBC @ 7:00 PM . https://t.co/wex3XsvGwn
It's the toddler in the White House , he was home schooled . https://t.co/oScdV22a9B
will leave before the economy crashes down on him and the other Republicans .
Typical Republican, Paul Ryan doesn't give a damn about what happens after he leaves Congress , he got his kickback when Sheldon Adelson paid him that $30million after the Republicans passed they Tax Cut for Corporations and Billionaires . He got his share back then and now he https://t.co/XVtX2D4L6d
Trumpy's Inaugural Committee is now under investigation for corruption, it seems they can't account for all the money they spent or were forgiven . Teflon Don has some explaining to do . Is that "Mansplaining"?
You forgot determination to screw everyone he can . https://t.co/ou56uJR9Su
understand that people make mistakes but , some people take advantage of it and it gets out of control . Can't something be done to just tighten the administration of the law a little ?
Tohday, Kevin McCarthy said if you investigated everyone in Congress who violated the Campaign Finance Laws , there wouldn't be anyone left in Washington . Is that true ? If so we're in worse shape than I had hoped . I am fed up with all of this corruption in Washington . I can https://t.co/YDs0vKqWTP
Well, I can't say from experience , but if you want my opinion .  Yes that is exactly what he is doing . He doesn't have it so he must fake it . https://t.co/zzBCYPQYSG
@JacksonLeeTX18 I almost choked on my Pork Chop when I heard Rep. Kevin McCarthy(R-CA.) say "If we investigated everyone in Congress who violated campaign finance laws , there wouldn't be anyone left". Is this true ? Is this an admission of guilt ? Should someone investigate ?
Thank You .
like we believe his lies . Most Americans were brought up to believe what people tell us until we find they have Lied . Trumpy is a liar and he tells lies . We shouldn't sugar coat his lies , people understand that . I liked the way you and Sen. Schumer handled Trumpy today ,
@NancyPelosi Thank You for standing up for us, the American People . I thought you did a marvelous job of standing up for Democratic Principles . We can work with Trumpy , but we don't have to be pawns in his newest Celebrity Apprentice Television Show and we don't have to act
are lies .
with Trumpy to get things done . However, I think you and Speaker Pelosi also showed you are not going to play Trumpy's games and believe his lies . Just call them lies . We don't have to sugar coat his lies, people don't like lies or liars , so just call them what they are they
@SenSchumer Congratulations on your confrontation with President Trumpy, I thought you and Speaker Pelosi did a pretty good job of showing the country we're not just interested in impeaching Trumpy, we want to get things done for the American People and are willing to try to work
dang wall . Didn't Trumpy say Mexico was going to pay for the Wall , before Trumpy became President .
self and he was put in his place . Trumpy and the Republicans control the House, The Senate and Presidency . If Trumpy wants a border wall let the Republicans pay for it . I live in Kentucky and the Border wall won't put food on my table, neither will having the Army build the
Well Zerlina, I am a man and I have been waiting for Speaker Pelosi to get her chance to set Trumpy back a couple of steps . I thought Speaker Pelosi did a wonderful job of constraining herself, I thought she was a little too gentle but it worked . Trumpy was his usual arrogant https://t.co/BtGLQMzA6G
He was damaged in transit and must be returned to shipper . https://t.co/YQbymtAGy4
No one is above the law . NO ONE . That is as American as my mother's homemade, from scratch, Apple pie . https://t.co/vvRBnXPx5q
@realDonaldTrump   You're a real Patriot visiting the troops . I bet a football game counts as combat to you , doesn't it Cadet Bone Spurs .
@realDonaldTrump  Hey, Trumpy we still have your cage , waiting for you, down there in Guantanamo . I'll come down to visit this summer , I've got some ants I want you to meet .
Sucker for a compliment ? I liked , no I loved your tweet . https://t.co/38LyukJBHM
Someone tell me ; who is Gregg Jarrett ? https://t.co/TnHL6FEVkJ
@tedlieu I am already getting excited , visualizing Ivanka Trump being subpoenaed to testify before Congress , about that Moscow Trump Tower . She'll probably take the 5th Amendment . Most Americans are smart enough to see through that BS , Trumpkins maybe not .
@SenSasse   Please try to follow-up on this Jeffrey Epstein and Secretary Alexander Acosta  scandal . Both of these pieces of Cr*p need to go to prison for the rest of their lives .
"President Trumpy the Clown" is saying if it weren't for the Russia Probe and Robert Mueller his approval rating would be 75% and the Phony 50% Rasmussen just gave him . Hey Trumpy how about if you weren't a Crook and a Traitor you wouldn't be investigated by anyone .
What a beautiful Funeral Service for Ex-President George H.W. Bush. It is a shame the Republican Party can no longer claim to have integrity that George H. W. Bush once represented as their leader . Shame on the corruption that has consumed the Republican Party .
Trump On Coming Debt Crisis: ‘I Won’t Be Here’ When It Blows Up https://t.co/KiKHDkk7UW
This is Un-American and must be stopped . https://t.co/7B62TX89Jb
Is this supposed to be news ? This greaseball has been guilty of conspiracy against the Government of the United States since June of 2016 . https://t.co/sjJbsnKkQn
He is an "Evangelical" only when it benefits him . They got him elected because he told them he was one of them, and they forgave him of his sins . They will all have to explain on their day . https://t.co/jpYPJHPGSE
@ZerlinaMaxwell  You're even hot in a T-shirt . I love your ear-rings .
Zerlina don't hit them too hard, you'll make them cry . https://t.co/hPQE63Yie5
After watching this video I'd call Trump a douche bag , but I wouldn't want to disrespect the douche bag . https://t.co/a4hX7iHHn9
@brycetache  One of the symbols of our great nation is "Lady Liberty" and she wears a blindfold . That is supposed to represent the ideal of not judging people by what they look like, where they come from or who they love or are with . True liberty is blind , for all .
This is the first step in our long march back to America's Democratic Values . We support what is right and reject that which is wrong . https://t.co/zKhreNROhN
But, Trump will say it's all legal because he was President and can't be prosecuted for a crime . He believes he is and was above the law , so we'll impeach him and then try him . Let's just wait and nail him after we defeat him , make him worry about it , knowing it's coming . https://t.co/pi77CZJRpQ
The House will be busy for years calling all these co-conspirators before committees to testify . https://t.co/dsgPzzzCgU
Why does anyone listen to anything he had to say ? He is trying to embellish his image by tarnishing other people's reputation . https://t.co/asc1xti5DU
She's traveling by Caravan in Mexico . You'll have to wait until she gets back and you can ask her then . https://t.co/mTZgD63e6d
Hear Yee, Hear Yee, from this day forward Rudy Giuliani shall be known as Fruity Fooliani . https://t.co/VP8IN6qwbn
@RepMarkMeadows   Yeah, Yeah, There ain't nuttin' ta see heah . You freaking hick . Excuse me, You freaking Hillbilly, you should stick to cleaning out horse stalls .
It looks to me like Putin is breaking wind and Trump is getting his share . https://t.co/3vxpAmsoRh
Don't you mean Pence should be sweating more than a_____ __ ___________ __ _______ . I happen to agree with Malcolm Nance and believe they all believe they are "Masters of the Universe" . https://t.co/xLlDfEhyKS
Is anyone really surprised by this ? https://t.co/RV4pZmaqyZ
How many times can I retweet this ? https://t.co/RV4pZmaqyZ
"Clear and concise". https://t.co/4rQ2z3pONy
Next they'll put lipstick on it and tell us it's beautiful , then they'll make a purse out of it . https://t.co/VP5SMOFlXQ
No need to pay Rudy Giuliani any attention, he's drunk on that rot-gut Trump Wine filtered through Melania's pantyhose to filter the bugs out . https://t.co/UdUcUFDYug
How about "VOTE THEM OUT" and "LOCK THEM UP" . https://t.co/HVqhveQ83j
Hitler , who was going to change the World .
I have been saying here on Twitter, for months, the Republican Party has turned into the Party of Benito Mussolini ,if you read he definition of Fascism . In case you didn't study history in High School , Benito Mussolini was other axis leader in World War II, along with Adolph https://t.co/Gqupkbq2te
Surely you don't mean to say , that Senator Lindsey Graham(R-SC)  would say all that just so he could have his face and name in the press ? https://t.co/Kuu41FfjD2
still needs to be subpoenaed to testify before the House and the Senate Committees, in open sessions, so the American people can see what is being done to our country and by whom . Then maybe someone will get mad enough to tar and feather these traitors
Let me see, who was it that said only guilty people plead the 5th Amendment . Oh, that was President Trump, when he was talking about Hilary Clinton . I guess it depends on who it is that is pleading the 5th Amendment, and what they doing when they plead the 5th . Roger Stone https://t.co/LwElggKyWl
Rudy Giuliani and Trump's other lawyers are saying they are ready to do battle, to defend "Trumpy the Clown" . Well, I guess . Buckle-up .
could be connected to Trump through the Panama Papers .
I have a feeling Special Counsel Robert Mueller was behind or some how knew about and inspired the raid on the office of Chicago Tax Attorney Ed Burke and the raid was to get Trump's tax Records . The real records as maybe Michael Cohen knew about somethings being altered . Or it
@CoryBooker If you look at the numbers GM is just trying to recoup the money Trump cost them in tariffs on steel .
@CoryBooker I sent an e-mail to my two Senators , from Kentucky, but I doubt they will do anything except act stupid . Please, keep pursuing this, we need to protect Mueller .
Agents who raided the office even taped brown paper on all the windows of the office so people couldn't what was going on .
One more thing I want to say before I leave Twitter for today . I have to wonder if Special Counsel Robert Mueller was behind the raid on the Chicago Tax Lawyer Ed Burke , who used to do the taxes for Trump and his Corporation . The Hill was reporting earlier that the Federal
defraud the American People .
The Democrats need to continue pushing for a bill to protect the Special Counsel . I have written my two senators, Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul, telling them they have a choice to either stop obstructing the Special Counsel or they can go to prison for conspiring with Trump to
I am going to celebrate a second Christmas on January 5, 2019 . When I get to see someone else open my new U.S. House of Representatives , oh happy days . Justice at last .
about having no business with Russia . Today, Trump said he was allowed to do business anywhere(Inferred) with anyone(Inferred)and so he did nothing wrong(Inferred), because everyone knew about him being a businessman(Inferred) .
A little bird just told me "President Trumpy the Clown" can no longer lie fast enough to cover all of the spit that is about to hit the fan . This was evidenced by the fact that when he spoke to the press pool before getting on Marine-1, to go to AF-1, he forgot he told the lie
Special Counsel Robert Mueller has 1.3 million pieces of corroborating evidence seized from Michael Cohen's Office, Apartment and Home to support all statements made by Michael Cohen in the courtroom .
@AliVelshi Thank you for changing your programming and not covering this criminal activityc . Donald Trump has done more to corrupt the American way of life than all the other criminal organization has in the previous 240 years of our nation .
destroying the principles on which our country was founded . He is a criminal and yet we celebrate his every action , as if he is a credible leader . He is a crook and soon to be convicted Traitor and Criminal along with his comrades in Government .
I am so glad to see you have finally decided to do the smart thing and stop covering the insanity . I am so sick of seeing his name all over TV . It is free advertising for his company and beside that I'm tired of hearing his name, knowing it is corrupting our country and
It appears as though Trump has stepped into a beartrap . https://t.co/oY3G3wWouB
Federal agents raid office of lawyer who previously did tax work for Trump https://t.co/UIkWfvmXIy
@AshaRangappa_ Speaking of packing I think Donald J. Trump should stick a toothbrush in his coat pocket for what he had his lackeys do to those immigrant children from Central America . I just watched "60 Minutes" and I am so mad I can't think rationally. They all need to go to prison for life.
person who had anything to do with this atrocity needs to go to jail . There is no excuse for what they have done to these poor innocent people who have done nothing wrong, all the immigrants did was attempt to seek asylum from the criminal activity in their home country .
I have been watching 60 Minutes tonight on CBS. I am so freaking angry after watching what the Donald J. Trump Administration and their Republican Lackeys in Washington, D.C. have done to the Immigrant families and children they separated at the border with Mexico . Every last
to one of his shell corporations . The last count I heard was Trump had over 500 shell corporations . It is no telling whose name he has those accounts in . He and his whole family are all crooks and make money in ways we'll never know .
much confidence in you and I am sure you will do a good job . I am afraid Trump wants to make good with Saudi Arabia so he can sell them nuclear technology and we need to be on the lookout for him allowing them to achieve nuclear power and make money from it and have the money go
@RepCummings  Yes, sir you are absolutely correct , we are demanding oversight of the Trump Administration . The Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives need to be very careful to not appear to be only investigating Trump on a political basis , and that is why I have so
keep our word to all those who serve us .
we can not let this slip by without fighting to guarantee they get every benefit they were promised . We, as a nation can not go back on our word to our Veterans . This must be of the highest priority . Thank You . I am just a Patriotic Democratic American who believes we need to
@RepRonKind  I just read you have requested immediate action on getting education benefits to our veterans . Please, this country can not allow any Veteran benefits to fall to the side . The Veterans have already done their duty by signing up to serve and those who have served,
not trust other countries to keep their commitments . I worry American Farmers don't know Chinese Farmers were always afraid the American Farmers would break their agreements .
don't know Chinese farmers don't want to trade with America because they don't believe they can trust Americans to do what they say they will do . I worry American Farmers don't know Chinese farmers kept their markets closed to outsiders for centuries because they felt they could
I wonder if any American Farmers are worried enough to do some research to find out what is really going on in the United States Trade War with China . I worry that they don't know the Chinese Government has already told their farmers to plant soybeans . I worry American Farmers
and too corrupt . It is my opinion that the Republicans don't fix any problem if they can't figure out a way to monetize their efforts to enrich themselves . Anyway, congratulations on your award .
@kasie  I am really so proud of you being on Morning Joe a lot lately . I really want to congratulate you on your award for the reporting you did on Sexual Harassment , this is one of many topics I feel the Democrats will have to fix because the Republicans are too incompetent
journalist in America needs to keep shining a spotlight on this atrocity , America can not allow Trump to be our standard for the way we teach future generations to live their lives in America .
@MeghanMcCain   Thank You , for speaking truth to power . This Trump Administration is the most corrupt swamp I can ever remember in any political administration . That is a major truth because I am an Old Man . I don't believe Richard Nixon was as corrupt as Trump . Every
@ZerlinaMaxwell   Enjoyed watching you on with Steve Karnacki . Excellent as usual .
of another Democratic leader who has more accomplishments as leader than Nancy Pelosi . Don't listen to Donald Trump because he wants Nancy Pelosi to be our leader so he can use her as his foil and try to divide our party .
I have said it before and I'll say it again , the Democratic party has no better leader than Rep. Nancy Pelosi(D-CA.) and I will do all I can to see that she is the leader of the Democratic House of Representatives . I have been a registered Democrat since 1972 and can not think
afford to contribute to their campaigns . They also are going to try to make working people pay for their donors tax cuts by taking away our health care, Social Security and Medicare . That is a fascist idea .
and see how he defined Fascism . It is all boiled down to putting the people at the bottom of their obligations . They gave the wealthy and the corporations a tax cut, because the wealthy and corporations funded their political campaigns and they know working people can't afford
Everyone needs to stop giving "President Trumpy the Clown" the benefit of a doubt . Trump is not a Nationalist, Trump is not a Populist . Trump is a freaking Fascist . If you doubt my words look up Adolph Hitler's right hand man, Benito Mussolini , the father of modern Fascism,
acting like an adult , stop punishing Californians and start treating them at least as good as he is treating the migrant children he is holding in prison camps on the Mexican Border .
Citizens who have been burnt out and now have nothing . This is a National disgrace . "President Trumpy the Clown" is not providing shelter or food for American Citizens who have just lost everything . "President Trumpy the Clown" needs to stop acting a like a baby and start
in Texas and Arizona , for those American Citizens in California, who have lost everything and have no place to stay. The tent cities on the Mexican border have heating, water, provide shelter and kitchens . Those migrant children have better living quarters than the American
"President Trumpy the Clown" watches TV all day, every day so he knows the pain and suffering Californians are going thru now and yet he is doing nothing . Why hasn't "President Trumpy the Clown" sent the US Army to California to build some of those nice ten cities like he built
for Californians to put there camps on . Come on, Trump stop being so stupid try to help your fellow Americans by sending the US Army to California to help . You could build some of those nice tent cities for Californians , like you built for the migrants on the border .
three more months , Trumpy could have the US Army in California clearing the brush and burnt brush to make camping grounds for American Citizens for when Walmart throughs these Americans out of their parking lots . The Army could be cleaning up the burnt land to make camp grounds
Why isn't "President Trumpy the Clown" sending the US Army to California to build some of those nice tent cities, for American Citizens who have lost everything, instead of sending the US Army to the border to wait for the migrant caravans that won't reach the border for two or
two or three more months . In two or three months the US Army could building several large tent cities for American Citizens . Look at the difference between what Trump built for Caravan compared to what the Americans in California have to sleep and live in . This is outrageous.
the brush in California to free up more of the trained firefighters . Send the Army to California to help by doing things to help the people of California fight these forest fires instead of wasting their efforts on the border , waiting for migrants that won't be in America for
"Tent Cities' for the American Citizens who have lost everything and are living in sleeping bags on Walmart Parking lots . While the US Army Is camping on the border they could be "raking the ground " , like "President Trumpy the Clown" said the firefighters were doing to remove
@davidgura   We Watch MSNBC all day every day and love your show . Just had a question for you . If "President Trumpy the Clown" can send the US Army to the border to build tent cities for migrants and stringing barbed wire why can't he send the military to California to build
Did anyone ever find out if Melania really is a US citizen ? https://t.co/eb10aT2Squ
I knew I missed something this morning . Thanks for reminding me . https://t.co/MxYAEfLuqd
@RepMattGaetz  Democrats are in power now and we'll find out all the crooked stuff you pukes have been doing , your game is over . The people are behind Democrats and we're to end all your crooked deals, all your stealing, all your robbing the American working people is over .
of power and now scared the Democrats will find out how crooked you pukes have been .
@RepMattGaetz  You need to just shut-up until you've got something you can take the Democrats to court for . Until you get something real you're throwing dead fish to Trump's barking seals . Poor baby , having a hard day, because you Pukes got your butts whipped . Pukes are out
I just got creeped out as I was watching MSNBC when they were showing a video Governor Rick Scott(R.-FLA.) on Capitol Hill talking to Sen. Mitch McConnell(R-KY.) and the look Rick Scott had on his face was creepy . Creepy Glo-Worm .
Governor Rick Scott(R-FLA.) has been is charge of Florida for eight years and look at how F*ck*d up , everything is . If he had his head out of Donald Trump's arse he would have seen how messed-up everything is , but would he have fixed it ?
@realDonaldTrump  Poor baby, a five day temper tantrum . Maybe Melania should change your diaper . Little Don Don Trumpy need his "Binky" or maybe a "Bah-Bah" ?
So the immature little cry-baby who is in the White House has been throwing a five day temper tantrum . Someone give him his "Binky or a Bah-Bah" . Maybe Melania needs to change his diaper . Where's the "Baby Trump" blimp ?
@realDonaldTrump   Thanx For running Senator Jeff Flake(R-AZ) out of the US Senate so we could elect Kyrsten Sinema(D-AZ) and flip Arizona to a blue state .
@RosenforNevada  Congratulations on your victory from here in Kentucky.
@kyrstensinema   Congratulations on your victory from here in Kentucky .
@POTUS  Thanx Trumpty-Dumpty we couldn't have elected a Democratic Senator in Arizona if you hadn't run Senator Jeff Flake out of his Office .
@realDonaldTrump   Thanx Trumpy-Dumpty we couldn't have elected a Democratic Senator in Arizona if you hadn't run Senator Jeff Flake out of Office .
It's called the "Trump Crime Family" . https://t.co/hlyNz5mZgN
Spanx Trumpty-Dumpty . https://t.co/LeMNMnBHLb
Take the Hose to Trump and flush him out of the toilet and into the sewer . Hose trump out of office . Hose out all the Trump Trash . Call the Roto-Rooter .
be certain Trump and the Republicans will not and/or can not interfere in the Investigation and prevent the American people from learning what happened during the 2016 Presidential Election Campaign . We do have a right to know what our elected officials are doing .
@RepJerryNadler   I am not certain but curious is there a way you could request a subpoena and have it ready to give to Robert Mueller , as Robert Mueller reaches the  conclusion of his investigation, and subpoena him just as he finishes his investigation so the Democrats would
run down his face . I guess Trump doesn't care as much about our Veterans as he says .
President Trump was sent to Paris on Behalf of the American Heroes who died fighting to preserve our freedom . But, instead Trump decided to stay in his Hotel, because it was Raining , and he didn't want to get his hair wet and because he was afraid his make-up would get wet and https://t.co/oEPIpEUU12
'A train wreck': Veterans haven't receive GI Bill benefits for months https://t.co/gY9y2l0xXn
@Ocasio2018 @FoxNews Alexandria,  I don't know if there are regulations governing strangers or constituents give you money . You need to find out if that would be legal, don't be afraid to ask a veteran Democrat for help or guidance . You are now a part of our team we are all here for a cause, united
regulations that govern newly elected Congress members . Can you start a "Go Fund Me", or is it illegal . You should ask a Veteran Democratic colleague before you do anything so you don't break any rules . The people will help if we can.
Don't let them get you down . Their day will come . Humiliating people because of their financial circumstances never plays well in Democratic circles . We usually pull together . Have you asked your colleagues in Congress if there is any help available ? I don't know the https://t.co/kEevTT2j5y
Hey, Tucky you ought to tell that to your "President Trumpy the Clown" or don't you know that Trump removed Jim Acosta's Press Credentials so Mr. Acosta could ask him any tough questions that most of the "Journalists" at Faux News are too afraid to ask . https://t.co/RI3AsRLpx1
Trump didn't want to get his hair wet, so he'd be pretty for  Putin . Trump and Putin were probably meeting while everyone else was at the Cemetery honoring our fallen heroes . Putin did go to the Cemetery for a short period of time, then he rushed back to the arms of Trump . https://t.co/ojKC4lJZxo
@SenBillNelson  Someone is now saying there may be some uncounted mail-in ballots in the Opa-Locka Mail Sorting Facility , but they are invalid because no-one can get them . Do you know about them? A bomb disposal team can't go to get them? The mail center wasn't boobytrapped .
@AndrewGillum  Has anyone checked the Opa-Lacka mail sorting Facility to see if there are any uncounted mail-in ballots there ?
You mean they haven't sent anyone in there to check ? They could at least send in a bomb disposal unit officer . https://t.co/nVzSJJHRI1
on anyone and everyone around him . He is probably sitting in the Ambassador's Residence watching the US news sulking and yelling at everyone who comes near him . In other words he is just acting like a baby .
Trump is acting out, like a child, because he had his ars handed to him Tuesday , so he is acting just like a spoiled little baby in the grocery store  who saw the candy aisle and "mommoie" won't let him have any candy . He is acting out ,taking his petulant childish tantrum out
and for it . "One Nation Under God, Indivisible With Liberty and Justice For All." To everyone trying to divide us think about each of those eleven words and their meanings . Then shut up and be grateful for what we have . It's one of a kind .
us have given their lives for our Democracy and it is the best Nation in the World , always has been always will be . That is why people living in other countries want to come here and live to add their share like millions before . Our land is sacred from all the blood shed on
their French Navy to blockade the harbors on our East Coast so the English couldn't resupply their Army . The English had to leave and we, with help from France won our Independence . Moral of the story of America. Never stop fighting for our Democracy . Too many Americans before
horses. Washington sent everyone  home in the middle of the winter so everyone wouldn't starve to death. He thought we'd lost then in the spring the soldiers came back and Benjamin Franklin had convinced the French to send
In 1776 our forefathers had their arses kicked time and time again they all nearly died in the winter in Valley Forge . We were out manned in numbers, in equipment, we ran out of food and ate grass, tree bark and boiled our to eat the leather after we'd slaughtered and ate our https://t.co/D3mMMaKwaT
All you newly elected Democrats need to just be cool, sit back and listen to Ms. Nancy Pelosi and learn as much as you can so when it is your turn to lead the caucus you will have the confidence knowing you learned from the best, Leader Nancy Pelosi . Learn your lessons well.
this is going to be a big, ugly(like Trump) battle . Ms. Pelosi has thick skin because she has been tested so many times in her career and she will keep her cool and think her way thru it . The rookies need a strong leader to show them ropes .
tumity by going into battle with an unproven, or less experienced leader . I don't even want to consider anyone else to lead the Democratic Party, and I am sure she will have enough support to weather the challenge . Nancy Pelosi may want to step down after this battle because
@shannonrwatts  You got a big "Amen" from me on your tweet about Nancy Pelosi . We need a proven leader to get us thru the "troubled waters" we're about to enter . I've been a Democrat since 1972 and now that we finally have some momentum , it would be foolish to risk this oppor-
the lies they are telling , in other words, "Where's the beef ?" "Trumpy the Clown" keeps throwing his trained seals dead fish and they keep barking . They all need to find a circus to join .
I just heard some "Rabbit-hole Republican" goonybird say on NBC Nightly News that someone voted in Chicago and then voted in Florida. Don't let these "Rabbit-hole Republicans" stop us or distract us from doing what we need to do . Let these "Rabbit-hole Republicans" prove all
Princess, you forgot the SDNY . https://t.co/KG4aQDtAzU
Karine, I have a feeling we'll never know until the hammer drops, on the little, pointy, orange head . https://t.co/Kodkw5HPca
Yeah, and the President of the United States didn't go to honor our fallen heroes, because it was raining and he didn't want to get his hair wet . But, John Kelly, Angela Merkel, and Emmanuel Macron all managed to go . Trump is worthless . https://t.co/OpyHax62Rx
The Central American Caravan of Immigrants has changed directions and are now swimming across the Gulf of Mexico so they can vote in the Florida election You hear that all you "Rabbit-Hole Republicans" . Now I just gave you another conspiracy, to chase down Trump's "Rabbit-hole". https://t.co/BTEUrWJhTL
That ain't no chicken that's "President Trumpy the Clown" in a different costume . https://t.co/dXyMhG62Qs
Every "Rabbit-hole Republican" in Washington, DC are all spineless, crooked, worms who don't deserve any consideration for anything . https://t.co/r2C0GiJD6k
"Rabbit-hole Republicans" are so ate up by eating all of Trumpy's sh*t , that they don't know where they are . They are arguing the mail-in ballots of our service members stationed over-seas should not be counted . The ballots of our over seas service members must be counted .
"pretty" for Vladimir Putin . "President Trumpy the Clown" is a freaking disgusting traitor who doesn't deserve the honor of visiting the Graves of our fallen Heroes . Bring him home and "Lock him up".
to the US Military Cemetery to honor the Fallen American Soldiers buried there . What a disgusting, disgrace to the Honor of our Fallen Heroes, who gave their all . I guess "President Trumpy the Clown" didn't want to get his hair wet . He probably wanted to stay dry so he'd look
"President Trumpy The Clown" and First Lady Melania Trump decided to not go to the US Military Cemetery in Northern France because the weather was too bad, But Chief of Staff John Kelly, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron all managed to make it
wanting to take your spot . It is a competition situations change and you must be ready for the changes . People change, People move around, Circumstances change, economic changes . we must stay on top of everything .
Democrats do we think it is too early to start registering voters for 2020 ? I think we need to start getting our people all onboard as soon as possible . I grew up a street fighter and in the streets you never stop fighting , if you do you get left behind by the next person
@LucyWins2018   I live in Louisville, Kentucky, so I am not a constituent , but I wanted to say Congratulations and Good Luck , not all white Americans are racists because I'm with you . You go get them girl, you've something to say and we're listening .
American Citizens and then all of them should be Federally registered voters . Then each state could control it from there but we need to stop this Republican disenfranchisement of eligible American Citizens . I mean these crooked arsed Republicans even blocked Native Americans .
once again the Republican Congress did nothing . We need to somehow get a list of every American Citizen and pass a Federal law that makes every American Citizen an automatically registered voter . I don't know where we would get such a list but there must be one . They must be
All Democrats , I believe one of the first pieces of  Legislation I would like to see this New Congress do is pass a new Civil Rights Bill. You remember the SCOTUS rejected the last Civil Rights Bill , about two years ago , and they sent it back to the Congress to rewrite and
tions , we need to have early successes so the people don't get frustrated . Walk and chew gum .
on investigations that will be tied up in litigation for years. Don't make our constituents have to wait for success , and become frustrated . Trump won't give us any co-operation and we need to be prepared to not let stall and evade us . Don't start with complicated investiga
When the Democrats take their oversight roles we should start out immediately trying to accomplish some infrastructure proposal while simultaneously beginning the investigation into what ever is the highest priority and the easiest to get a quick success . Don't start out taking
brat. There are definitely more lessons "President Trumpy the Clown" needs to learn . He is nothing more than a crooked, egomaniacal , spoiled Crime Boss .
. He want everyone in America to support him or will use all of the powers of his office to punish them or kill them, because they don't support him . He should have already learned he can not use his power to punish the people who don't agree with him . What a childish spoiled
So, now because California didn't support Republicans, and voted so many Republicans out of office, he is going to punish, and endanger the lives of, every citizen of California by taken away from them the federal funds to fight forest fires and manage the forests in their state https://t.co/NSaJQ5WZ6W
AG Matthew Whitaker is running around hiding and dodging the subpoenas the government has issued for him and evading questions, won't answer phone calls , and denying any wrongdoing .
I guess by now everyone is aware of the fact that "President Trumpy the Clown"s new AG is being investigated by the FBI for stealing money from Retired Military Personnel with disabilities and now the Government is suing him for over $20million for his fraudulent activities .
lost . They don't know right from wrong and can't tell up from down and are all lost , to Trump and the influence of a good con-man .
All of the Republicans in Washington, DC are spineless sellouts , just like Lindsey Graham . When Senator John McCain was alive Lindsey Graham followed John McCain around and allowed McCain to tell him what was right, now without John McCain to lead the Republicans they are all
Stacy Abrams so you know who is running your state . Vote the Democratic Caravan . Bring Integrity and Honesty back to our Government , vote Democratic . Vote the Trump Crime Family out of our Government .
It shouldn't matter , just vote . Don't let these crooked Republicans beat you out of your natural born right to vote . Your vote is your only voice , to tell the people running our country , what you want them to do and who you TRUST to do what you tell them to do . Vote for https://t.co/k4meDrFwWE
CNN is just now broadcasting a story from ER doctors , speaking out about how wrong the NRA is to take the stand of defending Gun Rights over the lives of their fellow Americans , who the doctors are having to save in ways they must make up as they go, because of the AR-15 . https://t.co/6fkmzfSqxz
@TheBeatWithAri    This is your best panel , ever . You have three of the best , ever .
Spoiled billionaires who are spoiled and can't stand the idea of not getting their way . Well, too bad , that's it ,  they lost . They won't DQ the mail-in ballots of our service members .
of our service members, who are serving overseas in the defense of our nation . We must not allow "President Trumpy the Clown" and Rick "Governor Glow Worm" Snott of Florida to have their way on this or any other discrepancy their decide to push . They are just a couple of
n"President Trumpy the Clown" and Rick "Governor Glow Worm" Snott of Florida had their arses handed to them this week and they are mad and can't figure out a way to cheat enough so they could win . So, what they have come up with is to DQ the mail-in ballots which are the ballots
members serving in the military overseas . So, try your counting again and ask why would you not count our service members serving overseas , this time take your socks off and see if that helps your siphering .
You must have been home schooled because your new math doesn't add up . The difference in the Florida Senate Race is about 15, 000 votes and now "Governor Glow Worm" is crying foul and he "President Trumpy the Clown" want to DQ the mail-in ballots, which are mostly service https://t.co/bbORHGFjm4
you spent it wasting our money sending troops to the Mexican Border for a non-existent immigrant crisis that you have already forgotten about .
There you have it folks , there is your President lying to you , right in your face . "President Trumpy the Clown" lying to the America people as he is heading to Andrew Air Force Base , so he can leave the Country . Yeah, Trump we gave you an extra $230billion for Defense and
Presidential election , well if that is true how does he explain the 23 Russians that Robert Mueller has already indicted . Those two exact opposites can not co-exist .
still be on the voters minds come the next election, because we are not going to allow "President Trumpy the Clown" to interfere with the "Due Process" of the Russia interference our in democratic process . AG Matthew Whitaker stated there was no Russian Interference in the 2016
Matthew Whitaker's appointment to the job as U.S. Attorney General is an Unconstitutional Presidential appointment , I am going to e-mail my two U.S. Senators Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul and explain to them they need to stop Trump's presidential overreach because that will
who are in power now but are being voted out of office and they cheating by changing vote totals so they can stay in office and continue their crooked ways . Watch out Florida and Arizona, crooked Republicans are trying to not count mail-in votes because they are being voted out.
rules of how votes are to be counted after everyone has already voted . The Republicans had their butts kicked and now they crying foul because they have been defeated fair and square . Florida and Arizona voters are being cheated out their votes by Crooked Republican Politicians
Republicans and "President Trumpy the Clown" got their clocks cleaned in this mid-term election . Votes are still being counted and the "Blue Wave" is getting bigger everyday, and now that the damage of Trumpism has become evident the crooked Republicans are wanting to change the
Because Their A*ses are Mine".
doesn't even come out of the Executive Residence until 11:00 AM . Trump has his "Executive Time" until 11:00 AM and then he comes downstairs and goes play golf . I've had enough BS from these MOFOs ,I am fed-up and pissed off. My Dad used to say "Lord Have Mercy on Their Souls
I don't know what the Republican Party thinks they are doing or who they think they are dealing with, but the American People are fed-up with all their lies. It really pissed me off when Sen Mitch McConnell said the Democrats would regret it "Presidential Obstruction" when Trump
@ZerlinaMaxwell  You're on fire .
@ZerlinaMaxwell   You always wear such beautiful earrings . Maybe your beautiful and the earrings are an accessory .  Once again you're killing me, I mean it . I mean you know.
@RepJerryNadler   Isn't it some kind of an ethical violation for "President Trumpy the Clown" to be using Sean Hannity as a political prop at his rallies ?
publicans are . They are alien to America .
Like I said before I registered Democrat in 1972, and have never voted Republican . Now, I can say, I'll die a Democrat and darned proud of it . Honestly, I almost voted for GWB once but then I woke up and had wet the bed .Now, I can say there is no way I'll ever be whatever Re-
Congratulations we did it . The biggest Democratic flip in 40 years, let "President Trumpy the Clown" spew his propaganda, the fact is we kicked him in his re-election and that caused him to melt down . 13,000,000 more Democratic votes were cast than Republican .
Trump is a mental melt down, perpetually speaking . Oh, I forgot he is also a racist, bully who is begging to have his snot locker popped . https://t.co/D0cHqG95CJ
I'm not good at guessing crowd size but there are thousands of people marching in the streets of New York City to "Protect Mueller" and MSNBC is reporting this is occurring in other large cities across the Country .
@RepJerryNadler   The best way to stop a bully is punch them on the Nose . Then you punch them again while their eyes are watering and their nose is bleeding . Keep them on the ropes and keep punching . It's all verbal in context .
100% . Great Job. Also, your coverage on election night was ahead of the curve , you had it figured out before the numbers came in and you were up all night and into the next day keeping MSNBC on top of the action all day . I can't stop saying "Great Job". I got to get your book.
@SteveKornacki   I've been watching you on MSNBC for quite some time , but I must admit I have found a new greater level of appreciation for just how smart you truly are . Your coverage of the current Florida Voting Irregularities are spot on . The numbers support your findings
Florida voting system and then Governor Rick Scott(R-FL) summarily dismissed the Senator's statement as a stunt and it was dropped .
@maddow   You should get Steve Kornacki to come on your show to discuss the Voting irregularities in the Florida Vote Counts . They are starting to add up to quite a bit of treachery , I remember Senator Bill Nelson(D-FL) tell the press that the Russians were already in the
@maddow  Marc Caputo of Politico is finding weird things going on in Florida Vote Count . In Broward County, Florida the Agriculture Commissioner got more votes than the U.S. Senator and Governor .
@chucktodd  Marc Caputo of Politico is reporting there is something weird going on with the Vote count in Broward County, Florida . AG Commissioner getting more votes than U.S. Senator and Governor .
@MarcACaputo  I can remember earlier this year when Senator Bill Nelson told journalists that the Russians had infiltrated the Election Process in Florida and Governor Rick Scott(R-FL) ridiculed him for that statement. Has the FEC been notified, yet ?
Is anyone really surprised that Alan "Dirt Bag" Dershowitz is sell out . Squish . https://t.co/rKaKoRWsln
307 mass shootings in 311 days and Senator Mitch McConnell, President Donald Trump and the Republicans in office  are getting rich collecting their millions of dollars in NRA blood money, for our blood . https://t.co/V5DQeqGFXg
We get murdered in our everyday lives and the Republicans in Washington, DC get security .
for Republican Congress members. But the Republicans still won more seats. Now we are having to deal with our babies being murdered in schools, churches, night clubs, movie theatres and shopping centers and the Republicans in Washington, DC continue to get their NRA blood money .
Joe Scarborough , I know this will tear at your heart by I must the Question , Is anyone really surprised that in the Age of Trump there are liars and cheats in the Republican Party. Over 46million voters voted for Democratic Congress members and a little over 33million voted https://t.co/wKV16ikOLG
Straight up firing by a crooked President of the United States who conspired with Russia to help him win the Office of the Presidency . "President Trumpy the Clown" is running our White House like an Organized Crime Boss would run his Criminal Syndicate . https://t.co/NVc5EXib1W
Why would an innocent President fire the very U.S. Attorney General who is in charge of the whole Department of Justice which is investigating him for conspiring with Russian to manipulate the very election that put him into the Office of the Presidency of the United States ?
Trumpy the Clown" and Vice President Mike "Pinch Me to Wake Me" Pence , and all the other Republican elected officials , will continue to receive their "Blood Money" kickback payment "Campaign Contributions" from the NRA .
307 mass murders in 2018 so far, this one in Thousand Oaks, California . "President Trumpy the Clown" and Vice President Mike "Pinch Me to Wake Me" Pence will send their  empty "Thoughts and Prayers" but no meaningful actions will be take to actually end the Insanity . "President
class of representatives, so YOU can show them how it is done . I can't think of a better leader of the House Democrats than YOU . YOU have my full support to be a check on this President .
@NancyPelosi   I have been a registered Democrat since 1972 and I have lived in Louisville, Kentucky my whole life . I now live just outside of Louisville and feel my voice is not being heard because I'm surrounded by Republicans . I would like to have YOU lead the new
only one who does not agree with him on anything . We don't have to agree with Trump on anything and that is just the way it is . Grow up Trump .
President Trumpy the Clown" must believe that everyone and anyone who doesn't agree 100% with all of his ideas are "Enemies of the State" well I believe he has a few things to learn, beginning with the fact that I don't agree with a lot of what he says or does and I am not the
@POTUS    You are an idiot . We elected Democrats to the Congress to investigate you . Investigating you is why the Democrats won the House away from your lackey Republican puppets .
@realDonaldTrump  The American People elected Democrats to the Majority in the House to be a check on You and to investigate your criminality .
by cutting $500 billion from Medicare . The Democrats winning the House put a stop to that . The Democrats were sent to the Congress on the promise that they would be a check on "President Trumpy the Clown". Trumpy is still delusional .
"President Trumpy the Clown" only got one thing done in his first two years as President and that was giving himself and other wealthy people and Corporations a $2trillion Tax Cut . Sen. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell thought he was going to pay for Trump's Billionaire's Tax Cut
control the narrative . You ,as leader, can appoint a spokes person to keep people abreast of Democratic actions . We need you to lead the House through this upcoming fight with Trump . Don't let Trump control the narrative and watch your back, Trump is a liar, and criminal .
@NancyPelosi   Congratulations, on regaining the House Speakership, I am a long time(1970s) Democrat . I just want to tell you, we need to show that we can Legislate and Investigate at the same time . You need to tell the people everything you are trying to do . Don't let Trump
He is such a precious little guy . https://t.co/nrKZYDeVHd
I stepped into my voting booth this morning, at 11:06 AM, and voted against all of the Racist, Lying, Hate Filled, White Supremacist Republicans by just blindly voting the straight Democratic Party, because no matter who I voted for it was better than voting for any Republican .
@BarackObama  Thank You President Obama for all of your hard work to help save the great country I love . I am an old white man and you are my inspiration "Yes We Can " . Thank you for reminding my country that we are better than that . We can and should do better . Thank You .
Thank You , Fred Guttenberg and we can add our entire Nation has suffered those same slaughters of innocents , on top of all the others we Americans have suffered . This is the Time,  This is the Place , Tomorrow will be the beginning of the end of this insanity. Vote Democratic. https://t.co/ZSITB7UUDy
This is a pretty good definition of a Fascist , much more simple than Benito Mussolini would have stated it but simply , yes . https://t.co/niP79myXG9
@BrendaStrickla  Me too. I love Red Raccoons, cheese and I'm human, trying to make sense of a nonsensical world .
Doctrine the Military can not be used as a law enforcement agency . The Military can only be used in a support role . If a US soldier shots an Immigrant they will be Court Martialed for murder, they can't even touch them . Another Trump Lie .
Am I expecting too much for our $834billion Pentagon Budget that our Military Leaders could do something better than string Barbed-Wire on the Mexican Border . Is this why we just gave the Pentagon over $300billion more than we gave them under Obama . According to our Military
@HansNichols   Is there any way you could , on the behalf of a 68year old longtime taxpayer , ask someone who is in the know if stringing Barbed-Wire on the Mexican Border is the best we can hope for from the $300billion increase to the Pentagon ?
@realDonaldTrump    In your first 21months as President you have created 4, 047, 000+ jobs , in Obama's last 21 months as President he created 4,447, 000+ jobs . You've dropped the unemployment .6%, Obama dropped the unemployment rate 5.5% . You stated two more lies .
@realDonaldTrump   You're about a dim wit .
@realDonaldTrump  Why don't you hire some guy who is unemployed and send them to the Border to string barbed-wire and do book keeping and KP for the Border Patrol, instead of wasting the Military for a Political Stunt .
stringing Barbed-wire, doing bookkeeping for Border Patrol, and doing KP for ICE . Talk about misappropriating taxpayer money . Trump doesn't care because he spends millions on Lawyers so he won't pay taxes .
Can someone explain to me why we are spending almost $800billion per year on the US Military so Trump can send them to the border to string barbed-wire ? Why don't we hire people without a job and pay them to string Barbed-wire ? The best Military in the world doesn't need to be
Just do it . Just vote .
Right now, voting should be a higher priority than anything else you do . Get out and vote .
Democrats get out and vote , don't take this election for granted . Everyone must look at it like if you don't vote we could absolutely lose this election . One last push, get out and vote .
Democrats ; Now is the time for the final kick  like a good  marathoner . We must now make the final kick and round up all your friends, neighbors and relatives and get them to the polls to vote . Don't trust the polls, if we don't get out to vote we will lose this election .
Why aren't parents in the streets to protest the influence of our corrupt President and put a stop to his insanity ? Maybe , this is the way some people want to raise their children. NOT ME . https://t.co/09CHtw6Ea2
If "President Trumpy the Clown" really and truly wanted to stop this immigration flood from Central America he would work with their governments to sent our Military to stop this invasion .
Put a stop on the Trump insanity, Vote for Stacy Abrams . https://t.co/D1wO8OKv81
If "President Trumpy the Clown" really wanted to solve the Immigration problem he would go straight to the root cause and the U.S. Military to Central America and really put a stop to this insanity .
Why Are People Fleeing Central America? A New Breed of Gangs Is Taking Over https://t.co/hYUaj3mHYa
Vote Democratic , to put a check on Trump. President Obama already had the economy doing well and we didn't have all this crazy to deal with . We need to put a check on Trump he can't be trusted. Trump is a liar and a crook .
@realDonaldTrump   You're Campaigning like you're scared ., Scared of the Democrats uncovering all the crooked sh*t you and the Republicans Crooks have done to cheat the American people out of what is ours .
@realDonaldTrump  Hey Jack *ss just because you can get 20,000 Hate filled, Neo-Nazi, Republicans to your stupid rallies doesn't mean sh*t anymore . Democrats are going to kick your stupid old Hate filled, Neo-Nazi *ss .
@realDonaldTrump   Vote Democrat, to stop Trump and the lying, Hate filled , Neo-Nazi Republicans from taking away your Healthcare and murdering more innocent Americans while they are in Church Praying .
Vote Democratic, to stop Trump and the Lying, Hate filled, Neo-Nazi Republicans from Taking away your healthcare and murdering more innocent Americans while they are in Church Praying .
Vote Democrat, to stop Trump and the Hate filled, Neo-Nazi Republicans from taking your Health care .
Vote Democrat, to stop Trump and the hate filled, Neo-Nazi Republicans from taking away your healthcare .
Vote Democratic , to stop Trump and the Hate filled, Neo-Nazi Republican Thugs from taking away your Healthcare and murdering more innocent Americans while they are in Church Praying .
Vote Democratic , to stop Trump and right wing, hate filled, Neo-Nazi Republican thugs from taking away your Healthcare and Murdering innocent Americans while they are in Church praying .
Vote Democratic , to stop Trump and the Republican, hate filled , right -wing thugs from taking your health care away from you, stop the Republican controlled NRA from murdering more innocent Americans while they are praying in Church .
gotten the beer party Trump and the Republicans threw for themselves at the White House in the Rose Garden last year ?
We can not and must not put all of the blame on Trump because the Republican Party is complicit , by not trying to stop Trump or even attempting to stop some of his worse actions. Instead the Republican Party has gone along and supported every agenda of Trump's . Have we already
Vote Democratic, to stop Trump and hate filled Republican thugs from murdering more innocent Americans like the Republican inspired slaughter at the Tree of Life Synagogue , in Pittsburg , PA. last Saturday .
skinheads of the 1970s and 1980s when they first started to make their name as a hate group, and really tried to push the envelope to gain attention and publicity, so they could spread their hate .
I have lived in Louisville, Kentucky since birth(1950) and have seen a lot of Racism in my days , but today's Republican Party is the most racist, hate filled group of people I have seen since the old KKK or the American Nazi party of the 1950s . They are right up there with the https://t.co/U2YofvUYhj
I think Faux News should hire Colin Jost and Michael Che to replace Brett Baer, Tucker Carlson, Neil Cavuto and Sean Hannity . At least Colin Jost and Michael Che would be more factual .
Two Comedians on SNL who do the weekly news skit . Michael Che and
students alike . Maura Binkley was only 21 and had not had the opportunity to live her life or experience all the joys of what god has to offer us in life . We will never know all we will miss not having them .
America will never know all we have lost in the Florida Yoga Studio Murders, two wonderful Americans will never reach all they could have done in their lives . Nancy Van Vessem , 61 was an instructor at the Florida State University Medical School, and will be missed by family and https://t.co/sCirhVRMyQ
Thirteen Americans have been murdered in the last week because the Republicans in Congress are owned by the NRA . Stop the slaughter , Vote Democratic . https://t.co/sCirhVRMyQ
Gunman at the Florida Yoga Studio is another Republican sympathizer, full of hatred , bent on murder and too cowardly to face the consequences of his actions . Stop the carnage vote Democratic .
Vote Democratic . Stop Trump . Don't be distracted by the lies and hatred coming from Trump and the Republicans . Stop Trump and his right wing, hate filled Republican thugs from murdering more Innocent Americans like the Jews at the Tree of Life Synagogue . Vote Democratic .
Vote Democratic, to stop Trump and his right wing, hate filled Republican thugs from murdering more innocent Americans like the Jews murdered at the Tree of Life Synagogue .
Vote Democratic , to stop Trump and his right wing, hate filled Republican thugs from murdering more innocent Americans while they are at prayer, like the Jews at The Tree of Life Synagogue .
Vote Democratic , to stop Trump and his right wing , hate filled Republican thugs from murdering more innocent Americans while they are at prayer .
Vote Democratic, to stop Trump and his right wing, hate filled Republican thugs from murdering more innocent Americans while they are at prayer .
Democrats stand up and fight back , we must not be satisfied with just winning the US House of Representatives,  we must keep pushing and campaigning until we take both Houses of Congress or we will be fighting Trump and his right wing, hate mongering Republican thugs for years .
partnership and there has to be trust and Trump has broken the Chinese trust in America . Now Trump is turning every country in the world against the United States and soon we will have no trade partners and our farmers will suffer, without international trade partners .
Trump and his incompetent team of Traders have pissed our trading partners off at us . When Nixon went to chine and opened their markets to us , they didn't trust us because they were afraid we would act like Trump is acting and now he is proving them right . Trade is a two  way
find out all the crooked shit he has done . There was no trade war or tariff battle with China until Trump started the fight , now Chine will not negotiate with Trump so our American farmers are screwed . Trump will now have to pay the American Farmers for all their crops because
The time has come for the American people to wake up and realize that Trump is not doing anything to help the people . Trump is only helping himself and his family and that is why he is so scared the Democrats are going to win the House , he is afraid because he knows we will
Republicans don't want to pay taxes, and their wealthy donors don't want to pay taxes so who does that put the burden of paying for everything on ?  Corporations don't want to pay for anything their tax cuts proved that. They don't care about us . we must .
and they intend to just let our social fabric disintegrate into the dust of history . Wake up Americans Republicans want to make the Federal Government so small they can put it in their pocket and hide it from us . Think about life without anything the government provides us .
take away everything that we and our forefathers have worked so hard to attain . The Republicans are showing us right now what their intentions are . They intend to take away our voting rights, our Social Security, Medicare, , our healthcare, the good education for our children,
I have already gotten into an argument tonight with my older sister because she is not planning on voting Tuesday . I explained to her that if we don't vote then we are allowing them to steal everything we have worked for from us . I tried to explain that the Republicans want to https://t.co/fyqAl3GKdX
to aspire to match in beauty and greatness .
America can do better than to turn out like the Trumps . Trump used to brag that his Viet Nam was battling the syphilis he had caught in the night clubs of New York during the early 1970s . Is this to be the future of the "Bright and shining city on the Hill" the rest of the used
how you want to raise your children ? Do you really want to raise your children to believe it is acceptable to lie, cheat and steal in order to have your way ? Is this truly to be the future of America, the idyllic vision of the world to be tarnished by people like the Trumps .
My fellow Americans, we can do better than this . In the last twenty-four months of President Obama's term he created more jobs than Trump has created in his first twenty-four months as President , and we didn't have all this corruption, hatred, division and lies . Is this really
President Obama created more jobs in the last Twenty-four months of his Presidency than Trump has created in the first Twenty-four months of his Presidency and we didn't have all this corruption and murder of Innocent Americans .
President Obama created more jobs in the last twenty-four months of his Presidency than Trump has produced in his first twenty four months as President .
And , look at all the lies, Hatred, divisiveness, murder and corruption we get as a bonus with the Trump Criminal Organization running our Government . https://t.co/dkSNiTHocB
Trump probably has Chief of Staff John Kelly look under his bed for monsters every night .
Trump: "Build the Wall , Send the Army. Those Latino women and their babies are coming to invade America , and rape our women "???????????????
Everyone who says "Why vote it doesn't do any good" needs to know ;voting is your voice in Government.
I started flipping to another channel, whenever Trump is on the TV , right after he won the election . The sound of his voice makes me want to puke, as a reflex . Trump and everyone that supports him are damaged . https://t.co/kKhVy76ONs
racism, corruption and most of all lying .
@waltiepooh   My Mother was a Democratic Poll worker in the 1960s and 1970s in Kentucky and when I became eligible to vote she just told me to register and I did , Democratic , and I've been a Democrat ever since . Now , I can't support anything the GOP stands for; bigotry,
Vote Democratic to stop Trump and the GOP with help from the NRA from Murdering more Innocent Americans as they Pray in Church .
Vote Democratic to stop Trump and the GOP with help from the NRA from murdering more Innocent Americans as they pray in Church .
@KellyannePolls This year's inflation has already absorbed the $20 a week more I made from the 2017 tax cut . Thanks to Trump for making everything more expensive .
@KellyannePolls Too bad 90% of the 2017 Trump Tax Cut went to the top 1% of wealthy Americans and Corporations .
Yeah, if you're already a Millionaire , or a Corporation . But , the Trump lies can't convince people the Trump Tax Cut will filter down to working people . https://t.co/dkSNiTHocB
Stop Trump and the GOP with the NRA from murdering more Americans in Church , Vote Democratic .
Vote Democratic, to stop Trump and the Murdering GOP from Killing more Innocent Americans in Church .
Vote Democratic to stop Trump and the GOP from murdering more innocent Americans in Church .
Stop Trump and his White Nationalist thugs from murdering more innocent Americans in Church , Vote Democratic .
Stop Trump and his murdering right wing thugs from murdering more innocent Americans in Church, Vote Democratic .
Stop "President Trumpy the Clown" and his right wing thugs from murdering more innocent Americans , Vote Democratic .
Stop Trump and his murdering right wing thugs from killing more innocent Americans in church . Vote Democratic .
"President Trumpy the Clown" and his right-wing, thugs need to be stopped before more innocent Americans are murdered as they worship .
"President Trumpy the Clown" needs to be stopped before he causes more innocent Americans being murdered by his hate filled, Racist, White Nationalist, Right Wing , Fascist thugs .
Vote Democratic and stop Trump's hateful rhetoric from causing more Church murders .
"President Trumpy the Clown" will spend an estimated $200million by the end of 2018 to put the U.S. military on the Mexican border . That $200million would buy a lot of bullets and bombs for Afghanistan and Iraq . Just had a U.S. soldier killed in Afghanistan, need to send help.
"President Trumpy the Clown's" deployment of the U.S. military to the Mexican Border is likely to cost over $200million, but what does "President Trumpy the Clown" care, it's not his money . Since he brags about paying $millions to keep from paying any taxes .
There is so much on the line in this mid-term election , we can not allow this hatred, divisiveness, racism and corruption to continue . Stop the hateful, divisive, racist policies now . Vote Democratic .
Sounds like my idea . I always vote straight Democratic, since 1972 . https://t.co/czFmKy7uEP
thing relating to keeping ready for duty , their families will not receive combat benefits, but regular military benefits . This is a total waste of Trump's border wall money . But this is not his money so why would he care if it is wasted .
Trump is deploying our soldiers to the Mexican Border, so they can spend their Thanksgiving and Christmas Holidays bivouacked on the border instead of being at home with their families . Heaven forbid but if anything should happen to any of them say a helicopter crash or any-
@DonaldJTrumpJr   Get a real job and do something with your life . Stop being "Little Donnie" .
@DonaldJTrumpJr   Hey Junior greasy, tell your "daddy" to call off his right-wing goony bird bombers . Luis Bracamondes, the bald-headed MS-13 dude, was arrested in George W. Bush's Presidency and paroled by Sheriff Joe Arpaio . Your "daddy" is as phoney as you, Grease Ball .
@DonaldJTrumpJr   Greasy, slimey MOFO .
@DonaldJTrumpJr     The funniest thing I've heard all year, someone with the name Trump, calling someone else a piece of garbage .
his money so why would he care how much he wastes .
@SRuhle    Back when Trump first start all his immigrant hate mongering and separation at the border he said he didn't want to "waste" a lot of on money to hire more Immigration Judges . But wouldn't that be cheaper than putting 15,000 troops on the border ? He's not spending
"Teeny Weeny Trumpy the Clown" and his lying Republicans don't have anything to run on except lies, hate and fear . They have done nothing for hard working middle class Americans except stoke hate and fear. Stop Trump and the lies, Vote Democratic .
his Republican Congress have done nothing to help hard working middle class Americans . All the Republicans and Trump have done is help themselves and hand the bill to future Generations .Vote Democratic and make government work for us .
Democrats don't let the Trump Circus run you down his rabbit hole . Keep your head down and run your campaign on your platform, don't be distracted by the Trump Circus when it comes your way . Trump is and will be telling a lot of lies to distract voters from the fact that he and
Democrats we are getting close to the end of this election cycle, don't be distracted by the Trump Circus when it comes to your town . Just keep your head down and do your job , stick to your platform, run your campaign on your terms . Don't let Trump run you down his rabbit hole
Democrats we are now getting close to the finish line for this election cycle . Don't be distracted, by the Trump Circus when it comes to your town, just keep your head and do Your job . Talk about your platform, don't let Trump run you down one of his "rabbit-holes".
@realDonaldTrump  "Teeny Weeny Trumpy the Clown" is lying about Republicans protecting Pre-existing conditions. "Teeny Weeny Trumpy the Clown" and the Republicans are in Court right now, trying to make the Afforable Care Act Illegal and abolish it .
@realDonaldTrump   Teeny Weeny "Trumpy the Clown" has lied about health care, U.S. Health Care cost has increased by 52% since 2016 .
@realDonaldTrump    "President Trumpy the Clown" didn't pass his 10% Tax Cut on November 1 , like he promised .
@realDonaldTrump  Everything Trump promised has turned out to be a lie, don't let Trump lie to you any more , Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Trump and his lying mail bombing gang of thugs don't have anything good they've done for two years so Trump has to run on lies .
@realDonaldTrump   Republicans in the U.S. Congress have to repeal the Affordable Care Act over Seventy times , 95% of Trump's 2017 Tax Cut went to the wealthy and Corporations. Trump and the Republicans lied and told us the Tax Cut would be a middle class Tax Cut, That was a Lie
@realDonaldTrump  Stop Trump and all of his Right Wing , Hate Filled , Racist , Lying , Murderers from Killing more innocent Americans, Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump    Stop Trump and his Right Wing, Hate Filled, Racist , Lying Murderers , Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his Right Wing , Hate Filled, Racist, Lying Murderers from murdering more Innocent Americans , Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump    Stop Trump and his Right Wing, Hate Filled, Racist , Lying murderers from killing more innocent Americans, Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump    Stop Trump and his Right Wing, Hate Filled, Racist , Lies from Causing more innocent American from being murdered , Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Today is November 1, 2018 , where is my 10% Tax Cut you promised . You lied about your nonexistent tax cut .
@realDonaldTrump    Stop Trump and his Right Wing, Hate filled, Racist thugs from murdering more innocent Americans, Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump  You're a worthless piece of crap, who caused 11 innocent Americans to be murdered , you're not worth two dead flies .
@realDonaldTrump  It is your fault that Robert Mueller was appointed to investigation your Conspiracy with Vladimir Putin and the Russian Military to steal the 2016 Presidential Election by changing the votes in some states , because you fired FBI Director James Comey .
@realDonaldTrump  Stop delusional, bigoted Trump and his Right wing, White Nationalist, Racist , Hate Filled,  Jack Booted Thugs from murdering more innocent Americans , Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump  Stop Bigoted, Delusional Trump and his White Nationalist , Hate filled, Racist, Right wing jack booted thugs from murdering more innocent Americans, Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his White Nationalist , Right Wing, Hate filled, Racist , Nazi thugs from murdering more innocent Americans , Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his White Nationalist, Hate filled, Racist, Murdering right wing thugs before they murder more innocent Americans, Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his White Nationalist, Hate filled, Racist, Murdering  thugs , Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his White Nationalist, Hate filled, racist, right wing, gang of murdering thugs , vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his White Nationalist, Hate filled, Murdering , Racist, right wing thugs , Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump    Stop Trump and his right wing , White Nationalist, Racist, murderers , vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump    Stop Trump and right wing, hate filled , racist, fascist , jack booted murdering thugs, vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump    Stop Trump and his right wing, hate filled , Racist, Facist murderers , vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump    Wannbe "President Trumpy the Clown" is a damaged individual with a criminal past .
Poor Martha McSally(R-AZ.), she has the gall to whine because she voted against the Affordable Care Act several times, and wouldn't tell the media how she voted on it, and now the Democrats are holding it against her and telling all their friends  to not vote for her .
@realDonaldTrump  Stop Trump from inspiring more of his hate filled, racist , right wing, jack booted thugs from murdering more innocent people , Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   All Republicans, who don't denounce Trump and his murderous, right-wing, hate filled, racist thugs are complicit in the murder of 11 Jews worshipping in Pittsburg . Hold all these complicit Republicans accountable .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump from inspiring more of his hate filled, racist , right-wing , thugs from murdering more innocent people , Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump    Stop Trump and his hate filled right-wing, jack booted , racist thugs from murdering innocent Jews while they worship in their Synagogue . Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump    Vote Democratic to stop Trump from inspiring more hate filled, right-wing , racist thugs from murdering innocent Jews in their Synagogue .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump from inspiring more right-wing, hate filled , jack booted thugs who murder innocent Jews in their Synagogue, Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his right-wing, hate filled , jack booted thugs from murdering more innocent Americans, Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   "President Trumpy the Clown" how many more right-wing, racist, hate filled thugs are you going to inspire to murder innocent people ?
@realDonaldTrump    Stop Trump from hiring more right-wing, racist, hateful, thugs who murder Jews while they're at prayer . Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump    Stop Trump from hiring more right-wing, racist, thugs to kill innocent people in their Synagogue, Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump    Stop Trump from hiring more right-wing thugs to kill innocent people , Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump     Stop Trump from murdering more innocent people, Vote Democrat .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his right-wing, murdering thugs, Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his right-wing, thug gangs from murdering more innocent people, Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his right-wing, thug gangs from murdering more innocent people while they pray, Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his murderous, right-wing thug gangs of murders, Vote Democratic .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his murderous, thug gangs who murder people in prayer .
@realDonaldTrump  Stop Trump and his murderous, right-wing, racist thugs who mail bombs, endangering hundreds if not thousands of innocent people .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop Trump and his murderous, right-wing, racist thugs who shoot and murder innocent Jews while they were worshipping in their Synagogue, and mail bombs to political leaders and endanger hundreds of innocent postal workers .
@realDonaldTrump     Stop Trump and his gang of murderous, right-wing thugs and racist bombers , VOTE DEMOCRAT .
@realDonaldTrump Stop Trump and his gang of murders, who murdered innocent Jews, worshipping in their Synagogue , VOTE DEMOCRAT .
@realDonaldTrump   Stop the racist murders of innocent people in their houses of worship, Vote Democrat .
@realDonaldTrump    Republicans are racist murders of people in their houses of worship .
@realDonaldTrump  Stop the murders by Trump and his political allies , vote Democrat .
@realDonaldTrump    Stop the hate filled racist, divisive language, stop the murders of people praying in their houses of worship and the attempted bombing murders of our political leaders, vote Democratic .
Foundation" for misappropriating the money other people put in his Charity . Like when he bought that ugly-ass painting of him and other famous Republicans playing poker and put it in his Florida resort, using charity money . Trump is a Liar, a manipulator, and a Crooked Thief .
The irony of "President Trumpy the Clown" calling Mayor Andrew Gillum a "Stone Cold Thief" is not lost on me . "President Trumpy the Clown" didn't start calling people thieves until the New York State Attorney General began investigating Trump's use of "The Trump Charitable
Someone needs to explain to the White House that just because the U.S. economy is doing well, that is no excuse for and we won't allow the type of behavior they are exhibiting , in our White House .
Put them both on a boat , put the boat in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean and then sink it . I other words, I have no use for either of them . They're both con-men and could con their way out of that jamb . https://t.co/Hdfrm0csKx
Americans,  we got to stop the lies and Bull Shit coming out of the White House and start holding this whack-job, the Russians and Right-Wing, Nut-Job , Fruit-Cake, Racist, White Supremacists elected, accountable for all the people they have been hurting since Trump's Election . https://t.co/B6XjdjiaeB
Truth to Power. https://t.co/1ut7le93Rg
and change our votes . Also the Russians tried to divide us and pit Americans against Americans . Putin doesn't need to try to Divide us any more , Trump is doing Putin's work for him .  Trump is now the "Great Divider" . https://t.co/JOTlvhS0J9
@realDonaldTrump    While I can't say you are a Racist,White Supremacist, Nationalist, David Duke and Richard Spencer really appreciate all of your support . If Adolph Hitler was still alive he would thank you for your support .
@realDonaldTrump    America is tired of your crap . We want you out of lives, forever . Why don't you move to Russia . We are going to get rid of you .
@realDonaldTrump      You and your Lawyers are afraid to let Robert S. Mueller interview you because you know you're a lying MOFO .
@realDonaldTrump    More and more real Americans are starting to hate you as much as I do, every single day .
@realDonaldTrump     How does it feel to have  all those people not want you in their city and blaming you for their grief ?
infrastructure, creating well paying jobs .
Democrats don't get distracted by the Trump Circus, even when it comes to your town . The Trump Circus is traveling from town to town and Democrats can not become distracted by the Circus . Keep talking about Democratic values , healthcare, better education and rebuilding our
elected . Democrats can not get distracted, the future of our nation and our people depend on Democrats staying on message .
Democrats need to get on and stay on their message and don't get distracted by the Trump Circus . Democrats keep your heads down and keep doing your job . Everybody's healthcare, the future education of our children and the infrastructure of our nation depend on Democrats being
Let us not get distracted by all of this Trump bullsh*t , and that is all this Trump nonsense is, this is more Trump bullshit . Democrats need to stay on their message, don't get distracted by all this BS.
If President Obama had spent this much time, on the campaign trail for the mid-term elections, the Republican Party would have tried to Impeach him . The Republicans would have said he couldn't do his job if he was on the campaign as much as Trump is .
@SRuhle    This supposed Trump ban on birthright citizenship is what we call a rabbit hole,  here in Kentucky .
All President Trump is concerned about is keeping the spotlight on him , so he can win this election . Please don't allow Trump to hurt your grieving citizens .
@billpeduto   President Donald Trump is determined to get and keep the spotlight on him . I don't think he is really concerned about what the grieving people of your community want to do today . He doesn't care that people are grieving because empathy is not one of his traits .
everyone can see now that you will do anything to win so why would anyone doubt you had Vladimir Putin help you win the 2016 election .
@realDonaldTrump   You and your trained seals barking "lock her up" can't and won't defeat us in the mid term elections , so you try to blow us up and murder us as we worship in a synagogue . We don't need Vladimir Putin to divide our country when you'll do anything to win ,
Flipping the House starts with each of our 425 districts . https://t.co/RSURu2BaGq
Isn't Twitter owned by Facebook . If so, they don't want you to control what they allow you to see . https://t.co/XaFsPzo3kx
Trump is spending our legacy for the future on nonsense . https://t.co/XpEkAXO7Ul
@billpeduto   I am going to stick my neck out and say Trump is only concerned about a photo-op . The world is grieving with you and your city . We are all sorry for your suffering . Pray for healing .
money on sending useless troops to the border. In other words more BS .
Posse Comitatus Act won't allow them to do anything other than in a supporting role . Trump hasn't gotten Congress to pass any law to give him authority for military action . When we take over the House, he'll have to answer for all he does now . He is spending his Border Wall https://t.co/xw53mqlPWL
Even that may not be enough to save their lousy arses . First time voters don't show up in polls, especially if they register on election day or use mail-in ballots . https://t.co/tism8VcPP8
I'll bet News Corp. is paying him a boatload of money, so everyone will know they have at least one sane person working there . He is their "Sane Newscaster" . Oh, and as long as he is there they have a claim of being "Journalists". https://t.co/kFqHzZDcQj
Thank You, Joe Scarborough , sometimes we all need a reminder that there are good immigrants who set an example for some Americans to follow . https://t.co/jlpn2Mycxo
Donald Trump here are some of your classy supporters. https://t.co/SwLsvm1ERV
What message do you suppose those people got from VP Pence ? https://t.co/mWuHVQJWX3
Trump has to say that so he can justify wasting $2billion sending the US Army to the Border . Doesn't everyone know the U.S. Military can't do anything other than logistics, unless it is a terrorist attack . https://t.co/EZB8MmL2QE
@realDonaldTrump  While I can't say you're a racist, I can say David Duke and other White Supremacists appreciate your support . Everybody knows it and so do you .
I can't say President Donald Trump is a Racist, but I can say David Duke and other White Nationalists appreciate his support . https://t.co/DHp0W2yq1s
Maybe a U.S. soldier will murder an Immigrant woman carrying her baby , see how that sits with American Mothers. https://t.co/IWUdYcjYiC
I am thinking Trump is just going to waste $2billion on another harebrained scheme and wind up wasting the money he has for his border wall . https://t.co/IWUdYcjYiC
I thought the Posse Comitatus Act prevented the U.S. Army from doing anything other than being in support of the National Guard . Didn't Trump start to send the Army to the border before and found out they couldn't do anything other than in a supporting role, so he cancelled it ? https://t.co/IWUdYcjYiC
What ever happened to the Democratic Mobs, that never existed ? https://t.co/SwLsvm1ERV
Sploe-head . https://t.co/mGKrQCHhjC
Wasted Money ? What does he care, it isn't his money . Taxpayers pay for all his incompetence already , what's another $2billion or so wasted . As long as his trained seals keep barking he'll keep throwing them fish . https://t.co/Ia2HAa8Zay
I don't believe the Posse Comitatus Act will allow the US military to do much of anything , other than in a supporting role to Border Patrol . Just a photo-op and waste of money to be used for the border wall . https://t.co/Bg7oFADZps
They'll have a long wait on the border . https://t.co/36YHSdPpva
Amen, Baby . https://t.co/XZzsniQQzs
Lock him up . https://t.co/ifiSpCFmo2
Count me in . https://t.co/xq5njDehNW
Now, President Donald Trump is going to Pittsburg, Pennsylvania tomorrow so he can have a huge photo-op with all the grieving people of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania who are suffering through what maybe the worst loss of their lives .
I can not say whether President Donald Trump is a racist, but I can see the racists appreciate all of his support .
I am not sure about your supposition but I do know Adolph Hitler used his Army to quell civil unrest in Germany . https://t.co/mlo88kH8uJ
I am beginning to find myself praying that I were a better Christian, so I could forgive the people responsible for all the hatred and bigotry in America . God, forgive me for I have failed .
Jonathan Troke, you are probably right in that Trump doesn't believe he can do anything wrong . The majority of America has a different idea . https://t.co/5k0tuNwPwY
for what we have done and continue to do to ourselves and our country which you have blessed us with . God forgive us all for not stopping the insanity . Please, give us all the strength to defeat this evil .
Oh God, what words do I chose to express what I am feeling ? I am a grown man sitting in my home, crying like baby because American hatred and bigotry has stolen 11 more innocent lives . I have to ask myself , what are we doing to ourselves and our country ? God forgive us all
Trump and the Republicans . More Americans being murdered just living their everyday lives, shot to death in Churches, Schools and Shopping Centers .
Trump saying we need to arm people in every church and school in America if he is promoting the idea of having armed guards in every church and school in America . Trump tells America we need to have armed guards in more churches and schools in America more guns more money for
In the 2016 Presidential Campaign the largest donor to the Trump Campaign was the NRA, which donated at least $30million to his campaign , so why wouldn't he want more guns in America . If the United States bought more guns then wouldn't the NRA think it was due to President
@facebook   You all need to recalibrate your logarithms to better intercept hateful behavior and speech . I closed my Facebook account because of all the harmful content on your site and will not return until you fix it .
We are only two years into Trumpland , better tighten your seatbelt . https://t.co/RBeTYn45RV
Never quit trying and moving forward . https://t.co/voGwH6G48M
Sounds like you're talking about yourself . Good job of psychoanalyzing yourself . https://t.co/EvYSKP46V2
@realDonaldTrump   Capital Punishment only allows sick individuals to die as Martyrs serving their sick agendas .
Capital Punishment only allows Murderers to die as Martyrs of their cause . I would rather be put to death than spend the rest of my life in solitary confinement .
Is Linda Jo Fines a Russian bot or just a troll ? https://t.co/jk9dVSfsBg
How do you embarrass someone who has no morals ? https://t.co/vMrGnTyVum
I wouldn't put myself in the same sentence as he is in . I should be more careful what I say . I may have done that . https://t.co/zjSzArdlIU
Either they are , or they are not . I have given up on the gray areas . https://t.co/RJobdX1OWy
We're not there yet, we can not stop with just the House . If they control the Senate , McConnell will just change the rules to suit them . Vote them all out . The only good Republican is an unemployed one . They all march like ducklings . No more Trump and his trained seals . https://t.co/GFSAnB6RB4
I'll believe it when I see it . https://t.co/JIEMP4RPgw
They're oblivious to what he does to people because they were brought up that way . https://t.co/DzuE3pERvV
farmers land to grow crops on so they don't have to worry about  fickle American farmers not wanting to sell crops to them . That was why China tried to keep their markets closed to foreigners to begin with, because they didn't trust us, now Trump is proving them correct .
@SenatorHeitkamp  I hope you have that graph on a large chart and can take it around to town hall meetings with you . I don't understand why our farmers don't understand what Trump is doing to their overseas markets . The Chinese government just started a program giving their
And civility .  And not speak bad about Trumpy the Clown . He is a clown , too . https://t.co/zmTBSZnMWW
I am ready for change and have been since before "President Trumpy the Clown" was sworn in . I have read about Trump since he divorced Ivanka in the 70s or 80s and never liked him and never will . Fred Trump Sr. didn't like him . https://t.co/X7gxvZN4ez
He has Secret Service to protect him and his brood for the rest of their lives, and we get to pay for it , while dodging bullets from his supporters  How crazy is that ? I want no part of it . https://t.co/mXhIU4uicQ
Trump will be a billionaire for sure if he gets all the schools and churches in America to arm teachers and Preachers . You think we don't see how Republicans are working this for money ? You'll see .
@MikeKellyPA  No one is being fooled by the acting going on in Washington, DC . People out here are fed up . You all only act when there is financial gain for you . We are not going to take this crap any more . The jig is up . You'll see .
@MikeKellyPA  If you mean what you are saying on Faux News, then do something to stop this insanity . Republicans have worn out "Thoughts and Prayers" do something meaningful that is your job . Don't pretend, do something .
A Rabbi is celebrating a "Bris" and someone fires a gun , the Rabbi will flinch, when the gun goes off . How do you fire a gun while circumcising a baby ? The thinking"President Trumpy the Clown" exhibits is not rational .  Death penalty for the shooter won't bring back the dead. https://t.co/bLIG07B7HE
Its hard for him, because he doesn't want to accept it . https://t.co/nrIQq2LgdB
@realDonaldTrump  What you said was disjointed, nonsensical .
leaves you .
@realDonaldTrump  I'll tell you what , get a Rabbi to come to the White House and I'll come and fire a gun and see what you have left . I won't even aim at you, I'll just fire the gun in the ceiling of the White House, while the Rabbi is cutting your junk . We'll see how much he
@realDonaldTrump   Hey, knucklehead explain to America, how a Rabbi can circumcise a baby boy with one hand and shoot a gunman with the other . Arm Rabbis while celebrating a "Bris" , what are you thinking ?Why don't you try it on yourself ?
Hey, Republicans here is your President squirting , his usual oral diarrhea at you . Trump is not going to do anything about gun violence , he is just placating an angry nation . The NRA donated $30million to his election campaign and he won't give that up next election cycle . https://t.co/eADZ5rvHRH
What else would you expect . https://t.co/7QYIXBFvt5
I will not live like this . This is like some third world country . This is why people are fleeing Honduras and Guatemala .  Think about that . The caravan of immigrants Trump is always attacking are fleeing this kind of Lifestyle . But, we are doing this to ourselves .
Where does Trump's response make sense ? On what planet would people go to a "BRIS" armed ? What God do they worship ? This is not America . We are now Trumpland . This is the way people in Trumpland think, not America . I hate the thought of leaving the country I love but https://t.co/WLlLYqIMhC
I don't know you or anyone else involved in this tragedy , all I can say is "I'm Sorry" and this needs to stop . Common Sense is all that is required to end it . https://t.co/MkZQuZfq1i
1600 Pennsylvania Ave. in Washington, D.C. People is this really what we want to lead our country ? Trump said the death penalty should be stiffer , what about the people who are dead. Executing the shooter will not help the victims , they are already dead .
Trumpitis has taken several more lives , how many more lives must we sacrifice . How many more times do we have to see how incompetent this person is . Trump will not do anything to help this situation, except blow smoke . How incompetent can one person be ? The answer lives at
have sex with him. She stated he raped her and then he bought her off and she dropped it . All the shit he bankrupted was enough to ruin several small countries , his own father put him in a Military Academy , that didn't help . Trump has been damaged from birth .
think about everything that he has done out in the open and all his supporters keep supporting him . I can't support him because of all the things he has said and done . I knew he was a damaged baby when he and his first wife went through their divorce , she said he forced her to
Thank You, Molly McKew for saying that , but it really should be obvious . It is not obvious because his supporters are as sick as he is . Doesn't everyone see it ? Doesn't everyone see now that his supporters are just as screwed up as he is or they wouldn't support him .  Just https://t.co/kgCKQIEYuS
headed ? This must be stopped , we are losing control of our lives , wake up and vote , change our government so this doesn't become our future of mourning the loss of someone .
All Americans , get up off your asses and go vote , we must stop this insanity . Thoughts and Prayers and Deepest Sympathies have all worn out their welcome . That is just simply not enough, it doesn't have the weight of a human life . Heathens don't cherish life, where are we
of America is on, we will surely join all the other great nations of Earth's History that have fallen by the wayside . The Greek Empire, The Holy Roman Empire, The British Empire, and on down the list were all great nations at one time and collapsed under their own weight .
America is losing its dignity and self respect . I am beginning to believe we are losing our unity, our respect for our fellow human being . This was not occurring until 2017 , on this scale . Trump is not good for our country and if we don't correct the path the United States
Pennsylvania Ave . , Washington, D.C.
hours . Extensive international travel required . Fascists, Nazis, and Nationalists need not apply . Must be able to pass extensive background check, have excellent credit rating and be able to pass extensive FBI back ground check. Please send all applications to 1600
Applications are now being accepted for Top Executive Position, must be able to multitask and work with other Top Level Executives . Must be honest and Trustworthy . Misogynists and Racists need not apply . Must be supportive of the democratic process and be willing to work long
Has anyone seen the leader of our country ? He seems to be Missing In Action . If anyone can locate our National Leader there is a Applications are now being accepted .
News Alert, Commander In Chief missing  in action . Active shooter at Jewish Synagogue, Synagogue member standing guard at the door to stop assault, and prevent further shootings . Seven Dead and three Law Enforcement officials wounded . Urgent Need: someone to Lead our Country .
God, Please protect all of the Innocent Victims and law enforcement in Squirrel Hill, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, who are involved in the shooting . Swat Teams are on the scene, at Synagogue . Report states Multiple Fatalities .
into all of our lives and are counting on to pay our bills , will be cut out from under us .
the Republicans to control the Senate after this election they are going to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid and we can not allow that to happen . We must stop the Republicans from controlling any house of the Congress or we will have our Entitlements,  we have paid i
I just read an article on the New York Times where Senator Mitch McConnell is talking that crazy shit again about cutting Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid to pay for that $2trillion Trump Tax Cut they gave the Wealthy and Corporations. I can tell you now that if we allow
repeal Obamacare instead of trying to improve it . The First Executive Order "President Trumpy the Clown" signed was a bill to reduce funding for Obamacare . Sen. Majority Leader stated last week they were going to cut funding to Medicare, Social Security and Medicaid .
Democrats have not been talking about or campaigning on "Impeaching President Trumpy the Clown" . Just run on Health Care, Better education for our children and rebuilding our infrastructure which will create a lot of good jobs . Remind voters that Republicans voted 70 times to
Gee, MAGA that . https://t.co/UPWPHsfdF0
Like I have been asking all day long, who in the hell voted for this MOFO anyway ? I keep tweeting "President Trumpy the Clown" telling him we're going to dig a hole at Guantanamo, put a steel cage down in it , cover it and put him in it so he can bake in it . https://t.co/QZkdsbqHzH
See how big of a close-up you can get of this . This is the bomber's van . He is definitely taking his "cues" from his boss, Trump, he is denying he had anything to do with the bombs . Even though they got his fingerprints from the electrical tape on the bombs . https://t.co/1sWdAlSy12
I doubt that he understands that , and that is why his head looks flat . https://t.co/Ba800cX3fO
"President Trumpy the Clown" is not a Nationalist, "President Trumpy the Clown" is an Egotist" .
have gone through . What I want to know is who in the hell voted this guy into office ?
"President Trumpy the Clown" just stated "I'll Pass", when asked if he intended to reach out to any of the people who were mailed any of these bombs, he won't express sympathy, support, or even acknowledge understanding of what these Patriotic Americans and their families
All true just don't expect any Republican who is running for elected office to even acknowledge it as common knowledge or fact . https://t.co/wGRDWoKGg0
Trump is just grabbing a hand full of horse manure and throwing it .
"President Trumpy the Clown" is sticking with the idea that after all of the Democrats who were mailed bombs he is still the victim . He is still the one who is mistreated . Un-Freaking-Real . This guy is a real goony bird and Hugh Hewitt is standing by his man,on Chuck Todd show
@chucktodd  I want to debate Hugh Hewitt . Please ask him when we can arrange a debate . I'll wait for a reply .
@chucktodd   Why don't you ask Hugh Hewitt to leave the show or have security escort him out of the studio . He is totally out of touch . Why didn't Trump call the Obamas and express his support for them and sympathy for what they have gone threw . Hugh Hewitt is disgusting .
The United States of America has been on autopilot for the last twenty-two and three quarters of a month . We should have had the GAO rent out the White House , so we could recuperate the money for some of the upkeep . https://t.co/ogrTtEMVbs
You really look goofy in this video . You'll look better in prison garb . https://t.co/zqQijMuevL
@realDonaldTrump   How do you like the idea of making license plates for the rest of your life ?
@realDonaldTrump   Lock Trump up, Lock Trump up, Lock Trump up, Lock Trump up . Lock Trump up . Pack your bags and keep a toothbrush in your pocket .
@realDonaldTrump  You are such a fool . You passed an opportunity to increase your supporters today and you blew it . You're Screwed . Take plenty of fish with you to North Carolina so you can throw them to your barking trained seals, when they applaud your stupid lies .
@realDonaldTrump    "President Trumpy the Clown and His Barking Seals." Hey, "President Trumpy the Clown" I hope you have a lot of fish in your pockets so you can through them to your trained seals, when they bark as you feed them their raw meat , tonight .
President Trumpy and his band of supporters should be called "President Trumpy the Clown and his barking seals " .
Democrats work to serve their constituents, Republicans work to serve themselves .
Love your post but you forgot to mention all of the elected Republican supposed "Leaders" of our country for not calling "President Trumpy the Clown" out for all of his sicko   actions . They don't deserve to hold public office, I haven't voted Republican in 57 years and won't . https://t.co/Zdq45heNAG
I've got a twenty dollar bill I'll bet anyone that "President Trumpy the Clown" will pardon Cesar Sayoc Jr. before he leaves office .
Thank God for all the Law Enforcement Officers in the United States of America for all they do to protect us everyday of the Year, 24 Hours a day .
"President Trumpy the Clown" even though this is still America and we do still have our 1st Amendment rights of freedom of speech .
"President Trumpy the Clown's" seal of the President was all over the van of "President Trumpy the Clown's" bomber who was finally apprehended in Florida . Sad, that "President Trumpy the Clown" would put someone up to trying to kill other Americans for just being critics of " https://t.co/jIMlsnlvmB
RT @newplanet9903: J ust another day in the life of a Right-wing, Fruit Cake, Nut Job inspired by President "Trumpy the Clown" and his hate…
attacking them , because even though "President Trumpy the Clown" constantly attacks them they still do their jobs, illustrating just how stupid "President Trumpy the Clown" is for attacking them and trying to discredit them . Sad .
The Federal Law Enforcement Agencies did their job professionally and saved many lives , by doing their jobs . "President Trumpy the Clown" is always attacking our Law Enforcement agencies, but theystill do their job and show stupid our "President Trumpy the Clown" is for
any of "Trumpy the Clown's" Right Wing, Fruit Cake, Nut Job bombers fellow church members rat him out . The Justice Department needs to investigate why none of the other Radical Church goers didn't inform law enforcement officials about him , they had to know he was making bombs.
"Trumpy the Clown's" bomber has finally been caught and his van is covered with pictures and Posters of President "Trumpy the Clown" covering all the windows and on the sides of the van . He was probably racialized at some fundamentalist Christian church in Florida . Why didn't
Nation does not strengthen our nation . How can President "Trumpy the Clown" say he is a Patriot when he is constantly trying to divide us and weaken us by dividing us  . A true patriot would try to unite the country but President "Trumpy the Clown" has only tried to divide us .
J ust another day in the life of a Right-wing, Fruit Cake, Nut Job inspired by President "Trumpy the Clown" and his hateful divisive language . How can President "Trumpy the Clown" say that he is a patriot when every rally he has he tries to divide our nation . Dividing our https://t.co/jIMlsnlvmB
"Trumpy the Clown's" picture was all over the van of the bomber who was just arrested in Florida . Just another typical Right Wing, Fruit Cake, Nut Job Bomber hired and instructed by President Trump .
The Clown" will now lie and tell everyone he can't be held responsible , but this is his doing . Mafia Bosses try to never get the blood of their victims on themselves, that is called "plausible deniability" . Once again our federal law enforcement agencies defend the people .
Wing, Fruit Cake, Nut Job President Trump Campaign Stickers and windows were covered with Pictures of Trump and the Presidential Seal . Right Wing, Fruit Cake, Nut Job probably hired by President Trump to make bombs and low-up people who don't support "Trumpy the Clown" . "Trumpy
Right-wing, Fruit Cake, Nut Job bomber in Florida . Has just been arrested owns a white van . Right-wing, Fruit Cake, Nut Job owns a White Van seized by the FBI was covered with Right Wing, Fruit Cake, Nut Job President Trump propaganda posters and covered the windows with, Right
else is stupid and he can lie about anything and  everybody believes what he says . Because his supporters are stupid enough to believe him even though he has told more than 5,000 lies since becoming President .
them . "Trumpy the Clown" thinks it is not important enough for him to worry about , he thinks he can just keep using his I-Phone but every other country in the world is listening in on everything he says . "Trumpy the Clown" is really a fat head, Cry baby who thinks everyone
Trump is a lying SOB he does not use a hard line phone , there are photos of him riding in the "Beast" in foreign countries talking on his unsecure I-Phone . Trump talks on his unsecure I-Phone everyday because it is "more convenient " and they have his phonebook of friends on
Since the Chinese and Russian Military Intelligence Services are hacking "Trumpy the Clown"I guess that means they know the President of the United States of America is a spoiled, immature, Self-absorbed cry baby that feels sorry for himself because he doesn't get his way enough.
is not secured and it is "Inconvenient" for him to use a secured I-Phone . This is his idea of being a Patriotic American ? This is nothing but Treasonous, Unpatriotic, Unamerican activity, and certainly not Presidential .
"Trumpy the Clown" is so incompetent he doesn't even believe it is wrong for him to use an unsecured I-Phone , knowing the Chinese Military Intelligence Service and the Russian Military Intelligence Service(KGB, and FSB) are able to hear everything he says because his I-Phone
Teeny weeny, Tiny whiny Trump . All he does is lie on the stump .
@realDonaldTrump  Teeny weeny, Tiny whiny .
@realDonaldTrump   Now is the time for a real leader to step forward and you are failing the challenge . You are not a leader , you are not leading by attacking the victims of an attempted murder , at your direction .
leaders of the Republican Party , in this season of political campaigning for the privilege of leading our country ? Where are the leaders of the Republican Party showing us they leaders , where are the leaders ? Do we really want these non-leaders to lead our country ?
Where are the leaders of the Republican party stepping up and denounce this tragedy , occurring within their party . The President of the United States Is incompetent because he hasn't even reached out to support the victims of these attempted bombings . Where are the responsible
Where are all of the grown up leaders of the Republican party , why are they not taking this opportunity to do their job and lead with a response to this current tragedy in their party .
President Trump is showing his total incompetence to perform as the leader of our country . President Trump's reaction to these attacks , on people who speak out against him , shows his clear inability to lead anyone much our nation .
@realDonaldTrump You actions are not the actions of a rational person, you need to seek medical help . You are a very sick person . This is directly your responsibility and you will be held accountable . You are directing this sicko who to attack so you are directly responsible.
opposition shows your implication in these crimes because you are directing these attacks . You are responsible for directing your assassin or assassins who to attack .
@realDonaldTrump  By your attacks on the media and those Americans who do not agree with you, you are directing the person or people who are trying to kill your opposition . This makes you responsible for these unsuccessful attempted murders and your continued attacks on your
You and your goony-bird supporters will be held responsible , everybody knows it .
@realDonaldTrump   It is time for you to call off your Right-Wing, Goony-Bird, Bomber . You're the one that has been calling for violence at your campaign rallies and everybody knows it . You are responsible for these attempted bombings by your language at your campaign rallies .
So now "Trumpy the Clown" and some of his psychotic, nutty-*ss, Fruitcake supporters are mailing bombs to Hilary and Bill Clinton and Barack Obama . I wouldn't put it past "Trumpy the Clown" from hiring someone to do this .
people from coming to the US . You need to run this country and if you wanted to stop these caravans you can do it by your "Great Ability" as a leader . Come on MOFO show everyone how good of a negotiator you are . Fat-Head use you power of persuasion . You're the President .
@realDonaldTrump Hey , Fat Head, "Trumpy the Clown" you're the President of the United States of America , the most powerful, influential nation in the World . Get up off of your fat lazy *ss and call the Presidents of these Central American countries and tell them to stop these
@POTUS  You're nothing but a liar and Russian Collaborator , you wouldn't have the Presidential Election without the help of Vladimir Putin and Russia . MOFO .
scription medications . My cost for my Prescription Medications have all gone through the roof . You're incompetent, you can't do anything right . You don't even tell good lies , everyone knows the truth , MOFO .
@POTUS  You've had two years to pass a bill in the House of Representatives to make affordable Health Care for Americans a reality and the Republicans have only cut the federal Funding to help pay for Health Care . Whatever happened to your commission to lower the cost of pre-
@POTUS  "Trumpy the Clown" is a Russian Traitor who is so in love with Vladimir Putin he can't even stop himself from wanting to see him . "Trumpy the Clown" can't stop himself from wanting to see Vladimir Putin again , MOFO .
"Trumpy the Clown" is now talking like he is a Patriotic American , he is still a lying MOFO . He wouldn't have won his Election without the help of Russia and Vladimir Putin . https://t.co/FnFpn5Cby0
@POTUS   You show us the Middle Easterners in the Central American Caravan walking thru Mexico , coming to America .  You're still a liar and Traitor who conspired with Russia to win your Presidential Election . You're still a liar and a Traitor , MOFO .
@POTUS  You're a lying MOFO the very first Presidential Executive Order you signed right after your Inauguration was to cut the federal funding for the Affordable Care Act . The Republicans in the US House of Representatives have voted 80 times to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
@realDonaldTrump  The very first Executive Order you signed as President was to defund the Affordable Care Act , you lying MOFO . You're still a liar and a Russian Traitor .
Republicans in Rep. Paul Ryan(R-WIS) US House of Representatives voted 80 times in the last two years to repeal Obama Care . The very First Executive Order Donald Trump signed , after his Presidential  Inauguration , was to cut the funding to pay for the Affordable Care Act .
Vice President is supposed to be a religious man . Do Evangelicals believe it is OK to unashamedly lie to all Americans, on national Television , about there being Middle Easterners in the caravan of 7,000 immigrants coming to the United States .
Adolph Hitler, Benito Mussolini and Joseph Stalin were nationalists also . https://t.co/9CwY0PrLZH
They promised Obama, 3) he isn't as good a salesman as he has told everyone, or 4) he doesn't want to make the sale , he wants to use it for a counterpoint to his incompetence  in his job as President and wannabe Leader .
@DeadlineWHm  Just finished watching another fantastic "Deadline White House" and found myself wondering , since Trump is such a great salesman why can't he convince the Saudis to buy everything they promised him they'd buy ? 1.) they never promised him they'd buy all he said, 2)
Federal and State Governments to step up and start doing their share to help these poor people in distress .
Who is in charge of helping those poor people in Florida ? These people in Florida have already been forgotten about by the leaders who are supposed to be helping them . Republicans all over the country are totally incompetent , these Americans in Florida need for their
they want Trump to blow up our great country ? Don't they want good highways and roads , good medical care , don't they want Social Security to be there when reach retirement age , what are they thinking ? Blowing up the government doesn't make sense , why do they want that ?
to antagonize Trump's supporters and agitate his supporters in order to make what Trump says more influential with his supporters . I still can't believe a real American would want anyone to harm the United States by blowing the government up . Who are these people and why do
I am seriously beginning to doubt whether Trump Supporters are all Americans . I would not put it past Trump, the pathological Liar to have his old buddy Vladimir Putin send some of his Russian Military Intelligence Officers to the United States and place them in Trump's rallies
@Morning_Joe   You all need to stop being so kind to Trump . He doesn't  appreciate anything nice you say . Trump is a liar and you need to call him that . CNN has stopped trying to be nice to Trump , because it is just encourages him to lie more , he must pay for his lies .
anything in his life . Trump is a pathological liar , Congress is not even in Washington, D.C. , Republicans are on the campaign trail trying to get re-elected so they can keep lying to everybody , so how are they going to pass a tax cut .
Democrats need to stop chasing Trump down his rabbit holes and just state your policy ideas . Trump is a pathological liar , he has lied about everything his whole life . He knows the only way he can get his way is to lie about everything because that is the only way he has got
there is no way you are going to be able to argue against every Trump lie, he is telling too many and it will take all of your time . Just keep stating what we are going to do .
People stop calling them Falsehoods . They are F*cking lies .Stop trying to psychoanalyzing Trump , it doesn't matter, everybody knows what Trump is . Democrats needs to stop arguing with Trump and trying counter him . Democrats need to just keep stating your policy ideas ,
our health insurance and medications so expensive no one will be able to afford them .
they take our Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, Health insurance, our children's education , earning a living wage, and being able to give our children a better life than the lives we live . They will take away pre-existing conditions from our health insurance and make
We cannot and must not Trump and the Republicans win any elections this year or we are giving them our consent to change our lives in radical ways most of us aren't considering . If we allow the Republicans and Trump to win these elections then we are saying it is OK with us if
just so he will have his name on historical United States documents and have his name in our history . There is no other need to change or cancel these agreements, other than so Trump's name will be on it .
Even former Prime Minister of the Soviet Union , Mikhail Gorbachev , who signed the arms treaty with Ronald Reagan , said the idea of the United States pulling out of the Nuclear Arms Treaty we have with Russia is an "Uninformed" political decision . Trump is changing our history
What Trump's new USMCA does is it gives Mexican Automobile factory workers an $11/hr pay raise which conversely increase the price of automobiles coming back into the United States . So once again the American workers are getting screwed by Trump and his Incompetence .
away from us .
We must all vote Democratic and save our Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid , which Trump and the Republicans want to take away to pay for their tax cut , for their wealthy supporters . They know the wealthy give them money and we don't so they give them tax cuts and take
Please let's not let ourselves get distracted from this mid-term election . We must defeat the Republicans and protect our Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid which President Trump and the Republicans won't to take away to pay for their tax cut for wealthy and corporations . https://t.co/dcp3dMTZDP
for all their lives . We are not letting you do that . You are a liar and we know what you are up to . We are going to stop you .
@realDonaldTrump Everyone knows you passed a $2trillion tax cut for the wealthy and large corporations and now you want to pass a law to take away Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid to pay for that tax cut . You want to take away the things that Americans have worked and paid
Everything you do is lie .
@realDonaldTrump  President Trump I can tell you are really proud of yourself for being able to lie to all of these pitiful people and being able to make them believe in you when you are nothing but a lie . You are nothing but a lie . Everything you say think and do is a lie .
crat and put an end to the lying President Trump and his "Apprentice" reality Presidency show .
@realDonaldTrump  I don't know what to say about people who idolize and follow a leader like President Trump knowing he is a pathological liar who is openly lying to them about everything he is telling them . I just feel sorry for them to think they are that stupid . Vote Demo
Honduran President from using the United States taxpayers money in a way not laid out in our International Agreement governing how they are to spend those taxpayer funds . President Trump needs to do his job and tell the Honduran President to spend the money the way it was intend
Congress out of session. Someone needs to explain to his zombie supporters that the Democrats didn't go to Central America and pay these poor immigrants to come to America . These immigrants are coming to the United States because President Trump is too incompetent to stop the
@realDonaldTrump  President Donald Trump, God that is hard to say, is nothing more than a pathological liar who is willing to lie and do anything else to win . Because he is nothing more than a spoiled, self-centered, egotistical brat . He knows he can't pass any tax cut with
give you the opportunity to have me even hear what you are saying, because all you are saying is verbal vomit . You don't make any sense when you speak all you say is verbal vomit, a fruit salad coming from a fruit .
@realDonaldTrump   I refuse to watch any time you are on TV , I turn my TV off . I refuse to allow you to even have the opportunity to speak to me even on TV . You are a disgrace and are not worthy of even speaking to me , even on TV . You are so ignorant I don't even want to
old fool and your day of reckoning is coming , soon . All of you stupid, corrupt old men in the Republican Party will pay for what you all have done . You will all pay dearly for your corruption .
@realDonaldTrump You're not a real President, you're just a wannabe President. You're not smart enough to be President of the United States, you think because you have a few thousand people show up for your rallies that makes you popular, you're just an egomaniacal , stupid ,
@realDonaldTrump   Everything you say is nothing but lies, I don't believe one single thing you say and I never will . You and all of your supporters should be put on a boat in the middle of the Pacific Ocean and then sink the boat . You and your supporters are all worthless .
@realDonaldTrump  President Donald Trump is an Idiotic, brain dead, inbred old fool who has another group of idiotic, brain dead, inbred old fools that would believe him if he told them a pile of horse manure was chocolate ice Cream , they would all eat it .
nose,  like a stupid beast of burden, a camel or something . Yeah, behead them so there won't be anyone to contradict the Royal story . They've all been eating camel dung . The Saudi story is a fairytale, a farce .
What in the hell are the Saudi Royal Family smoking ? It is like they believe everyone else is as stupid as President Trump and his followers . Anyone that believes this story the Saudis are putting out must be so stupid they need someone to lead them around, with a ring in their
This is why we need to vote Democrat , we must increase the diversity in Judicial , Legislative and Administrative branches of our government and that is not on the Republican agenda . Diversity is a must so everyone is represented . https://t.co/Tm5aSMxsg2
Republicans are only running on fear the Democrats , they don't have anything positive that they have done , so they must run on negative attack campaigns . Don't fall for the Republican lies , vote Democratic . Get a control on Trump before he destroys our country, VOTE DEMOCRAT
what we want for our children and their future . Vote against Republicans .
Congress that they can campaign on so all they can do is try to make their opponents scary so people won't vote for Democrats . Don't fall into the Republican trap , vote Democrat so they can be a check on the Trump agenda . Stop Trump and his upside down agenda , this is not
The Republicans are running on fear , the only ad campaign the Republicans can think of to campaign on is fear the Democrats , they haven't accomplished anything so they don't have anything to campaign on except fear the Democrats , Sad . The Republicans have done nothing in
wage, and Women's right to make their own Health Care choices . We must win this election before we start worrying about other issues . Democrats focus on this upcoming election and winning it .
Democrats need to watch out for traps . Democrats don't be distracted , stay focused on the November 6, 2018 election . Don't pay any attention to Sen. Elizabeth Warren(D-MA.) or Hillary and Bill Clinton . Stay focused on the mid-term election, Health Care , Raising the minimum
Is anyone really surprised ? https://t.co/6qbX7HlIVb
Come on Georgia , get with it . We can't let these bumbling, stumbling idiots steal your rights from you . https://t.co/8hS0rgE0ZV
Someone explain to me how this can work when Trump had an affair with Karen McDugal for a year after Melania became pregnant with Baron Trump . https://t.co/a4IbkPGOLL
That statement will wind up in court , if he wins . https://t.co/AtNO41W730
@seanhannity   You're a sick sack of crap, I'd love light so someone could urinate on you to put you out .
@seanhannity  Are you worried Michael Cohen had something in his files that cause you to go to prison with "Trumpy the Trump"? Why don't you try some of Trumpy's orange crap on your face , maybe it would compliment the rest of your goofy face .
Yeah, as long as it is implemented before he goes to prison . https://t.co/KH4V88P2oW
@seanhannity   One of these days you'll wake up and realize , you've had a lip-lock on "Orange Trumpy the Clown" , but hold on someday it'll be worth something . Just keep that lip-lock , you'll need it .
word to use to describe how I feel about them . The only words I can think of are not suitable for public discourse . Believe me I have the words, but I don't want to put myself on their level .
I hope all of these Republicans are proud of their president who chose to be entertained by Kanye West, in our Oval Office, instead of trying to do something in support of the people who were devastated by Hurricane Michael . They are all pitiful, so pitiful I can't think of a
face . Actually, to me , the stupid orange paint makes him look like someone just sprayed that orange crap all over his face and then painted his eyelids and eye bags blue .
Well, folks it looks like "Trumpy the Clown" is back on the circuit clowning around . I don't know where "Trumpy the Clown" gets the idea that orange crap looks good on his wrinkled old face , I mean that orange greasepaint highlights every crease and crack in his wrinkled old
@POTUS  You need to fire the idiot that keeps putting that orange paint all over your face . The circuses all went bankrupt so you can't get paid for being "Trumpy the Clown" any more . Hey "Trumpy" you going to blame the Democrats for the "Red Tide" in Florida . You're an idiot
goofy with that crap all over your face . The Circus left town a long time ago .
@realDonaldTrump    Oh yeah, here we thought "Trump the Clown" had retired and moved on to greener pastures and here he is again. Why in the h*ll don't you fire whom ever the idiot is that keeps putting that ugly ass orange clown paint all over your face ?  Trust me, you look
crooks . Name a Republican President the United States of American since Dwight Eisenhower who didn't have a corruption scandal or political tragedy .
President Obama have , proven scandals not scandals the Republicans tried to make out of nothing . What happened with the Bengazi investigation ? Nothing that was all made up, the Republicans tried to make it a scandal but there was nothing scandalous there . Republicans are
I thought I was done and I had already signed off for today . Then, I realized I had something else to get off my chest . In eight years as our President , Barack Obama didn't have this much scandalous activity in his administration . Think about that , how many scandals did
are just as capable as Trump , but aren't corrupt and don't have the baggage this Trump Cabal has following it wherever it goes .
I am so fed up with this Trump corruption, I just want to end this corruption so the United States can move o and get back to being the world leader . Not the bumbling, stumbling, corrupt idiot we have in the White House . I have said from the beginning we have other leaders who
their companies which they have driven into bankruptcy . They are so bad at managing their money that they need a constant flow of money to keep everything afloat . Now they are using their positions in our government to keep themselves in business .
Trump does not have a $110billion military contract with Saudi Arabia , he is referring to an arms deal that President Obama put together which is really an MOI(Memoranda of Intent) Trump is really padding his own pockets with Saudi money for himself and Jared Kushner to bail out
The Republican Party of 2018 is not the Party of Abraham Lincoln any longer , it is now the Party of Trump . The Republican Party is now the Party of Donald Trump , that means it stands for corruption, graft, do anything to win and make money . https://t.co/a7V1RrESVh
when people's lives hang in the balance . Trumpus the Dumpus .
In the Oval Office today Trump asked if Saudi Journalist Jamal Khashoggi was an American citizen , what does that matter if the Saudi Crown Prince had him murdered ? Trump acts to me like he thinks he is some kind of Holy American Emperor and can give a thumbs up or thumbs down
off of his plate to make sure no one has poisoned him . I mean this guy is so paranoid he is absolutely, totally nutso, schizoid . Like the "21st Century Schizoid Man" by King Crimson .
I know Trump has got to have someone he has hired to look under his bed every night, looking the monster he is sure is hiding under his bed . I'll bet Trump even sleeps in a room with all the lights on all night . Trump probably even has a food taster who eats some of the food
Yea, a lot of the others have left the party . https://t.co/rggNcUlXIR
forget the op-ed Trump ran in USA today earlier this week trying to blame Democrats for weakening and eventually destroying the American healthcare system and stealing money from the Medicare .
They're all lying hypocits . This is a distraction so more people don't realize the Secretary of State in Georgia , who is running for Governor of Georgia against Stacy Abrams and has eliminated 65, 000 voters , mostly Afro-Americans, form the Georgia voter rolls . That is not to https://t.co/Qhf4nh6RO6
anything and everything "the opposition" says to try to gain an advantage .
Thank you for the explanation , however for anyone with half a brain the explanation was not necessary . At least , I knew what you were saying and violence never entered my mind . I guess people will make what they want of it . This is election season and Trump will use https://t.co/AHOtxZiGOc
embarrassment to our great nation and we don't have to accept this , it's like when you buy something and you open the box and you see with your own eyes that what was in the box is not what was supposed to be in the box.
this country than who is running it now . We can find some one to run this nation without all of the B.S. , someone who will run this country without all the "Apprentice Reality" television show crap we're having to tolerate from the leader of the free world . Trump is an
God, I hate having to say this , but man we got some of  the worst leaders I can remember having run this, the greatest nation in the world with some of the best people in the world . People we can find better people to run this country , we deserve to have better people running
U.S. Senator Introduces Bill To End $7,500 EV Tax Credit https://t.co/NKx9bmm69Y
foot in his stupid old mouth . Senator Grassley should know toothpaste is hard to put back in the tube . This is why we need to get these stupid old, antiques out of our Government and replace them with women . You woke up too late , Senator Grassley .
So now, Senator Chuck Grassley Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee has been warned that he miss spoke when he stated or inferred that Republican Women weren't on the Judiciary Committee because the work was just too hard . Now he realizes he stuck his stupid old foot in
Hey , Senator Rand Paul since you're so worried about some "Crazy Democrat" why don't you shoot yourself and then blame a Democrat .  Senator Rand Paul is about as worthless as curb-feelers on a 747 .
along with Senators Orin Hatch and Chuck Grassley .
the Democrats being angry . When reality I don't the both of them together would be worth a single bullet to me . Senator Rand Paul should just stay inside his house so people won't laugh at him and make him cry . And Senator McConnell should go check into a nursing home
Senator Rand Paul(R-KY.) who happens to be one of my Senators along with Senator Bitch McConnell(R-KY.) neither one of whom is smart enough to think of an original con game instead have to play off of Trump . Talking about Rand Paul worrying about being assassinated because of
@RandPaul  If you are really concerned about being assassinated because of the "Mob" on the left , why don't you stop acting like a Jack*ss . But, really you're not worth a bullet .
@realDonaldTrump  You're a sniveling, weak, old fool . Vladimir Putin is laughing at the American Male and thinking we're inferior to the Russian man .
@POTUS Male Victimhood ? You make the American man sound like we're weak . You need to go check into a nursing home . You're pitiful . Male Victimhood ?
@POTUS Why do you always look like a sniveling , weak , old fool every time you open your mouth ?
This is well worth viewing again, or for the first time . https://t.co/L6N7gsZnZd
Don't give DJT any ideas . https://t.co/j6a5xjy4zM
Wasn't Justice Anthony Kennedy's son a senior Vice President at Deutsche Bank when they loaned Trump $500million ? https://t.co/iIHmT7mq23
He looks really impressive there , this is about the time his father was developing dementia and Donald started stealing his father's money . https://t.co/SmyQTekkEU
It is well past time for all the sniveling, weaselly old men running the Republican controlled United States Senate to grab a bottle of Geritol and go sign up for a nursing home , so a new generation can run the Senate . They have gone well past their expiration date .
us because we are weak looking . What a bunch of crap . Men don't you have any pride in your image to allow Donald Trump to turn you into a bunch of sniveling old fools . We don't have to abuse women to prove we're men, just stand up for yourself . Victim hood just isn't manly .
Listen up out there all you big tough American men . All the other men around the world are laughing at us now because President Trump says we are victims of the abuse of our women . Vladimir Putin is laughing so hard at the American Male Victim hood , now he wants to challenge
The Republican Party will pay for this lie for decades to come . The White House prevented the FBI from doing a thorough investigation of Brett Kavanaugh and this whole process is corrupt just like the whole Republican Party .
They are becoming more bold now that they have one of their own in the White House . This is totally out of place in the United States of America in 2018 . https://t.co/fvmncdjyJg
who truly love them will join them to fight this injustice .
The Republicans in Congress must pay for this travesty . Both my wives , both of my daughters and all four of my voting age granddaughters will make them pay for this . I don't think the Republicans have any idea what they have started . All of the women I know and all of the men
The Republican Senators on the Judiciary Committee are trying to justify what they have done by putting Brett Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court , knowing they covered up important, pertinent information and we will have to go back and correct it . This just isn't right .
If you want to see what seven entitled, powerful, old men look like when their power and entitlement is threatened then turn on the TV to MSNBC and look at those seven old, entitled , powerful Republican Senators trying to make excuses for nominating Brett Kavanaugh to the SCOTUS
disappointed ,especially in our supposed leaders . We must change this attitude . Our country is going to hell in a hurry, this is not what we should be doing , Trump is destroying the US and everything we stand for . He is doing it so he can "fix it" like Hitler or Stalin .
to be that way . I am getting so angry now because some men apparently believe it is alright for men to assault a woman . I heard locker room talk and shop talk by other men demeaning some women , I always thought it was just talk, trying to sound machismo . I am deeply
We have got to stop being angry and start working to defeat the Republican control of our government . I don't understand all male vs female talk that Trump is pushing , I have never ever assaulted a woman and have never and will never approve of it . I wasn't brought up to be
Investigation . How dare Sen. Mitch McConnell stand on the floor of the US Senate and say this investigation is a shame , after he wouldn't allow President Obama's candidate to even have a fair hearing .
This FBI investigation was and is a sham . The White House did not allow the FBI to complete a fair and impartial investigation , the White House only allowed the FBI to Investigate what the White House wanted to be investigated . Now , they are calling this a fair and complete
we have been denied our right to see what our Government is doing to us . Trump is ripping our country in half and the Republicans in Congress are aiding and abetting ,him in the process . Now this action by the Republicans in Congress will be the battle line drawn for years .
Of course this 7th background check of Brett Kavanaugh didn't find anything. They were never looking for anything . Sen. Diane Feinstein requested a copy of the letter, form the White House Council , which directed the FBI as to what the scope of the Investigation should be , and
How about an, "Atta Girl"? https://t.co/sTBIyj3Kv4
U.S. Senate . The Republicans in the U.S. Senate have been lying to the American people and withholding this information from us . Trump Swamp, Trump the Crook, Trump the Traitor .
Now I found out this morning that there are allegations that Brett Kavanaugh had been accused of Sexual assault earlier in his career, and that it had been uncovered in his earlier investigations , but this fact was withheld from the American people , by the Republicans in the
I don't like any of the people who are supposed to be the leaders of our country and can't support any of the policies they are instituting . I have no faith in anything they are proposing and I don't recognize any of their supporters as people I would want to consider my friend.
This is what our next Supreme Court Justice , read while in High School and this is what shaped his formative years ? He expects us to accept him as open-minded, levelheaded and fair minded ? I don't ever remember reading this kind of crap ever in my life , until now . https://t.co/1bvvDQGgkb
Old newspaper column from Brett Kavanaugh's high school called Christine Blasey Ford's school 'home of the most worthless excuses for human females' https://t.co/PXDrPUf2IP
Do any of you really believe a Republican senator is not going to vote for Brett Kavanaugh to be on the Supreme Court ? I don't see it , they were brainwashed by the Evangelicals who support a person who stole millions of dollars from his own father when he developed dementia.
This is not the time to get weak-kneed , this is the time to dig in and fight .
He is not dishonest , he is a crook and a traitor . https://t.co/T6zpcTJvzF
Do you want to see what it looks like when powerful, entitled, old men feel threatened . Just look at the Republican Senators in the United States Senate . I have two beautiful Daughters and I don't know what to think about these supposed leaders we elected to the U.S. Senate .
So is Trump calling for open season on Ivanka ?
Right here and right now we need to demand our three days back . The Trump Administration has already burned three of our days and we need to demand those three days back .Come on let's do this right now .
Every sentence that Trump spoke in his "News Conference" about the FBI Investigation of Brett Kavanaugh he contradicted himself in each and every sentence .
This investigation is corrupt, and President Trump is the one corrupting the Investigation . Trump has turned this investigation into a political exercise . https://t.co/euzkEOI98p
The FBI reinvestigation of Brett Kavanaugh is being tainted by President Trump and his Administration by them limiting who the FBI can interview .
We're all supposed to just accept our fate and make the best of it . At least according to those who control our destiny . But, I refuse to be controlled by anyone else . https://t.co/YDPgbNt8ZH
This is exactly what happened with Merrick Garland . https://t.co/QEvZIRhl7m
Trump's "Blackhole" is consuming the Kavanaugh investigation . There is no way Trump can keep from corrupting the Kavanaugh investigation . Ladies if you want a thorough and fair Kavanaugh investigation you need to start voicing your concerns .
Not only does Trump have the biggest, deepest swamp that Washington, DC has ever had but his swamp also has a severe case of entitlement . Instead of a swamp Trump has a Black hole that is consuming our government .
@WardelleRooney  I am not the one we're discussing, but llike I said I have lived in Kentucky my whole live . So like I said 21 for me . Brett Kavanaugh could never have legally drank in Maryland until 1986, even with the grandfather law they passed in 1982 .
@WardelleRooney Not in Kentucky , check your facts .
Did Brett Kavanaugh persuade an adult to break the law and buy the beer for underage students to drink ? There has to have been someone breaking the law at some point along the line at Brett Kavanaugh's direction .
@SenAmyKlobuchar My question is just how did Brett Kavanaugh and his friends get all this alcohol they drank . Did Mark Judge steal the beer from the convenient store where he worked ? Did they just drink some parent's beer, without someone noticing or was a parent complicit ?
Did they just drink an unsuspecting parent's alcoholic beverages ? Did Mark Judge steal the beer from work ? Did they ask an adult to illegally buy the beer for them ? How did they get all this beer which seemed to be ubiquitous ? They must be a criminal act somewhere .
When I was 17 years old we were concerned with being drafted to go fight in the Viet Nam War . We couldn't buy alcoholic beverages until we were 21 years old . We couldn't vote until we were 21 years old . But my question is how did Brett Kavanaugh and his crew get all that beer?
Republican House passed the $2trillion Tax Cut for the Wealthy and Corporations . Now the Republicans are cutting programs that help the working class to pay for the Wealthy/Corporate Tax Cut of 2017/2018 .
Was it $60million or $80million that Sheldon Adelson has promised to spend supporting Republicans in the mid-term elections . Didn't Sheldon Adelson give Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) a $30million check just before Rep. Paul Ryan(R-WI) announced his retirement and right after the https://t.co/XcQSYEPg3X
Is having a history of sexual harassment a prerequisite for being hired as a Republican Senate Committee Staffer ?
Is being a hypocrite a prerequisite to being a Republican in Congress ?
Judge Kavanaugh knew these accusations of his drunken sexual assault on female classmates were going to come out this week and that is why Judge Kavanaugh has spent the last week "Studying" at the White House getting his lies straight with White House Council Don McGahn . https://t.co/zPyKHlfQOX
Trump and the Republican Senators on the Judiciary Committee knew that Judge Kavanaugh had these accusations of drunken sexual assault in his background and that is why Judge Kavanaugh has spent the last week at the White House, fabricating his Alibis .
@redheadcheeks Keeeping it classy, I love your tail .
‘100 Kegs or Bust’: Kavanaugh friend, Mark Judge, has spent years writing about high school debauchery https://t.co/ZZYbxIzFdH
I have not read anything more true in quite a while . https://t.co/QVEKjUnuch
I have been trying to find the words , but you nailed it . https://t.co/x2VNvkQpaH
read Benito Mussolini and you'll see where Trump is headed  , we don't want that .
@LindseyGrahamSC We are not talking about Obama or Hillary Clinton that was 2016 and this is now . We don't like Trump or any of your Fascist policies . We want change not your change, our change .  We want something different not this Fascist Corporate State . You read ,
@LindseyGrahamSC You Republicans keep trying so hard to justify Trump's actions because he gave you all tax breaks and the Supreme Court in your pursuit of power and money . I hope you enjoy it in your retirement . You elitists may enjoy it now but we the people will overcome it.
No the Russian Government thought they had a better way and supported their candidate to our Oval Office . Explain why Trump gave Lavrov and Kislyak the Israeli secret agent names on May10, 2017 in our Oval Office . https://t.co/PD4lWNTpPv
all complicate and I have no sympathy for you corrupt Republicans .
American People and instead support a President who is so corrupt he is afraid to talk to law enforcement and is instead hiding the Republicans in Congress until he gets his SCOTUS , so he can not worry about testifying to the American Judicial system . He is corrupt and you are
cans are rolling in Russian money and are all corrupted by that money so you are blind to how much Trump is destroying the United States as we know . If you want to discuss your blind pursuit of power I welcome your side to debate . Explain why you are afraid to stand up for the
and better Healthcare" and also said nothing about giving the wealthy , like himself, and Corporations the Tax cut he promised us . He also said nothing about conspiring with Russian Agents and getting Russian money for his campaign to win the election . Now , all of you Republi-
@LindseyGrahamSC So you say the President is "Pissed off" and feels betrayed. Well, guess what the Vast majority of the American People feel exactly the same way . This wannabe President promised the Democrats that voted for him feel betrayed because he promised them "Cheaper
to force even more of the burden of paying for Federal Programs on to the shoulders of the working people , Next they will start reducing our Social Security benefits and Medicare . They are changing our education system to favor the wealthy and on and on .
Just look at what the Republicans have already done . They have already shifted the debt burden of the Federal Government onto the shoulders of the working people by giving the Corporations that Trump Tax Cuts . Then they took away our Obama Care, they are deporting Immigrants,
If the Democrats don't get control of the House of Representatives and the Senate this fall then the United States will no longer be a democracy but will instead become a Fascist Dictatorship .
@realDonaldTrump You are the National Security Risk . You are the one who revealed National Security Secrets to Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergei Kislyak on May 10, 2017 . Prove you are a liar and deny it .
@realDonaldTrump National security breach ? Don't get out past your skies .
than a Fascist takeover . It is not a Nationalist state it is a Fascist takeover . Corporate and Government united to control the people is Fascism .
As I have stated earlier ; the Republicans have their Judges and now we must not be satisfied with just winning the House of Representatives , but we must also win the Senate and make it all blue . We must stop this Republican led Corporate State takeover . This is nothing more https://t.co/fDIgkBpJKi
Elitists believe they are better and deserve more and better than us . We are just working class and unworthy to them . Fascist Corporatism , read what Benito Mussolini wrote about it being a merger of corporate and state power . https://t.co/wlcFGOGlYD
better future . Republicans only care about Corporations and the wealthy who can and will contribute financially to their campaigns and personal accounts .
power grab before they take all of our rights and privileges from us . Like Obama said today we can't allow our pursuit of perfection to prevent us from achieving our goal of pursuing a better life for ourselves, our loved ones and those of a like mind . Vote Democrat for our
Democrats unite , the Republicans will have their Supreme Court Justices and Their Federal Court Judges . We the people must now take both Houses of Congress . We can no longer be satisfied with just winning the House of Representatives we must now unite to put a stop to their https://t.co/64qiCTHJlL
ETTTTS https://t.co/oJwKoqzbKn
He has all the characteristics and it is just a matter of which addiction he suffers from . https://t.co/pKrehrrQgI
NYAG Underwood got the message and she ain't playing no games https://t.co/bo5NWEIbrV
@realDonaldTrump Alex Jones is barred from Twitter for life . No more "Deep Hate" .
@realDonaldTrump Trump=54.3million followers, Obama =104million followers, does that mean he is more popular?
@realDonaldTrump  Trump's approval=35% , Obama's approval = 73% . You need to find another Profession .
@realDonaldTrump Obama's approval is at 73% , don't you wish people liked you that much ?
@realDonaldTrump   The person who wrote the Op-Ed was someone you appointed . You only pick the best to work for you . The only thing you have gotten right in 20 months was picking this person to work for you .
@realDonaldTrump You are the Treasonous Act .
Ladies and gentlemen make no doubt about it President Donald J. Trump is trying to turn the United states of America into a Fascist Corporatist state where people have no value and only Corporations and Capitalists are of value to the Government and Ruling Party(Republicans).
@realDonaldTrump Still attacking Hillary Clinton? I guess you know she defeated you by 3million votes and she is more popular than you . I guess that is hard for you to accept .Grow up little boy . Obama still gets credit for the Economy being so good . Still living in 2016 ?
@realDonaldTrump I have been off of twitter for 6 weeks and you haven't gotten any smarter while I was gone .
@realDonaldTrump  Hey, Jack-ass of course you want to incarcerate immigrant children indefinitely so the American Taxpayer can pay for it and you won't because you just gave yourself a giant tax break and won't pay taxes to support them, clothe them and feed them .
@realDonaldTrump You want to give everyone in your administration a lie detector test to find who dared to say you are an idiot and unhinged, but you won't even talk to Robert S. Mueller III about you obstructing justice and lying to the American people about firing James Comey.
@realDonaldTrump Hey, you freaking Jack-ass , how about stop worrying so much about your stupid ass and start doing something to increase the pay of the average hard working American . Where is your fantastic, inexpensive healthcare you promised everyone, in your campaign of lies
tells one of his famous lies . The obvious solution to preventing a perjury trap would be for you to tell Trump to not lie in the first place . Explain that to your simple minded supporters and please get your medications straightened out .
@RudyGiuliani Rudy you seem to be confused , maybe you should be screened for Dimentia . Truth isn't the truth. You said you won't allow Trump to be rushed into testifying to the Special Counselor because it would be a "Perjury Trap" , BS, a Perjury Trap can only exist when Trump
Now would be a good time to stop eating "Nathan's" hot dogs . https://t.co/K1k6F5Ngx8
Oh, and by the way, they never did find Trump's bone spurs . https://t.co/pU40E3PitA
Everyone should expect backlash from Trumpkins, their a "bunch of deplorables". https://t.co/iJE0n4M1BL
Donald Trump look at you . You fool . https://t.co/8NPUvrltTn
@realDonaldTrump I am really tired of winning . You're a "DOPE" . "Trumpy the Clown". Are you ready to have a "Temper Tantrum" yet . Through your remote at the Executive TV . Pound your fist . Lay on the floor and cry . Poor "Baby Trump" lost his little "Binkie".
what everyone else's excuses are , OMG . Why didn't you think to ask what Don McGahn was talking to the Special Counselor about ? Maybe, spend less time playing golf and more time thinking about what you're doing . Never mind go ahead and be "Trumpy the Clown".
@realDonaldTrump Real good group of Attorneys you have there "Trumpy" , they didn't think to ask what your Presidential Attorney spoke to the Special Counselor about ? Not a good move " Trumpy the Clown " . Some one needs to get Rudy's medications straight ? Don't know about
@realDonaldTrump  You don't have the right to disparage Robert S. Mueller III, John Brennan or anyone else because they have all served our country as heroes and they didn't have a corrupt Father to buy them five deferments from the Viet Nam War . "Cadet Bonespurs".
@realDonaldTrump You are only showing the American People how much you are afraid of the truth . You and Rudy are trying to confuse the American People , but you are just coming off as being afraid of the truth .
@realDonaldTrump Some one needs to get Rudy Giuliani's medication straightened out , the poor old guy can't even keep his story straight for one interview . Rudy's "Meet the Press" interview only showed everyone how confused you and Rudy are .
are you afraid of if not perjuring yourself ? Why are you so afraid of telling the truth ?
@realDonaldTrump Why are you so afraid of telling the truth under oath . I know why , do you ? Your Dweazel Rudy Giuliani this morning said he didn't want you to be rushed into testifying to Mueller and getting into a "Perjury Trap" . But , yet you keep avoiding testifying . What
@realDonaldTrump Keep defending Paul Manafort , every one knows all you crooks defend each other just like all the Republican crooks in Congress, defending each others actions . "Birds of a feather stick together" , we're going to clear all you crooks out of Washington .
prevent suicide , more battle weapons anything for our heroes in uniform , but not your stupid parade . You keep showing just how stupid you really are .
@realDonaldTrump  Well, what do you know you're not as stupid as I have been telling every one . You finally realized there are better ways to spend $92million rather than on a military parade, like more VA Doctors and Nurses, more counselors to treat PTSD, more counselors to
@realDonaldTrump  You're a Petty, Immature Brat . You are just showing every one how unqualified , you are ,for your position . I won't even call you President . "Baby Trump", lose your little binkie ? Grow up .
I've been trying to get both of the Republican Kentucky Senators voted out of office for years . They are corrupt , but they are dug in like Tsetse fly larvae in the skin of a host . https://t.co/4NHSHzffWP
The Trump Trash makes the Clinton White House look like a Catholic Convent for Nuns inside a Jesuit Monastery .
Oh, yeah , every one hold your breath . this will happen when elephants fly .  Trump won't testify unless Mueller subpoenas Trump , Trump is scared of Mueller , and knows he can't testify without lying to Mueller . https://t.co/OaOfAZzI2X
TRUMP TRASH .
Trump  trash .
Thank you Rep. McGovern, I have been waiting for someone to do the right thing . I would like to see some TV Networks go down there with you, to document the story . I have a feeling those countries are infested with criminal activity . You'll need a lot of security . https://t.co/8TcqxWAukU
that out ? I have no idea , they were all in New Jersey at the same time , but Chris Christie just allowed Trump to sell his Casinos instead of prosecuting the case . It sounds convenient to me . But, Republicans stick together through all the crimes and everybody gets rich .
The fact that Trump has had Mob connections is no news to me . I have been talking about this since he rode the Escalator in Trump Tower . He made millions in his New Jersey Casinos laundering Russian Mob money from the Russian mob in NYC . Why didn't US Atty. Chris Christie find https://t.co/3iKaLZYIYC
Thank You, Trumpkins for all the trash that you have put in our White House. These people that you elected have turned the Greatest Nation the World has ever known into a Reality Television Show. I hope you all are just half as embarrassed of our Country as I am, this can't last.
@realDonaldTrump "Baby Trump" must be so scared he is spending his whole day in the White House , dreaming up this dog and pony show with Rudy Giuliani and Jay Sekulow  playing the dog and pony . Our imagination will have to decide which is the dog and which is the pony .
@realDonaldTrump Hey, "Baby Trump" all your White Supremacist pals are coming to Washington, DC I hope you thought to put your Klan robe and hood in the Dry Cleaners .
It's all just to kill time , so the Trump Clowns (Rudy and Jay) can soften the red meat before they throw it to their hyenas . https://t.co/djiRWhje9Q
Just don't play till you get hurt , that would be a waste . You got a family . I'm an old man and family is everything .
have been 1st round HOF and had your gold jacket years ago , but is past . Present time , you don't have to prove nothing to nobody . You're top drawer man . How many "Legends" have more impressive stats than yours, "Come on Man" , maybe one maybe not . I'm done I said it all .
@terrellowens I tweeted about hearing you on "The Herd" with Colin Cowherd . I just had to add, man I enjoyed following your career for the better part of your 16 year career and I know you're second all-time in yards , around 16,000 yds. and high on all-time TDs , you should
Republicans in Congress need to decide if they want to support the Constitution of the United States and uphold their Oath to the Constitution or support a President who has put his own self interest ahead of his Oath to Uphold the Constitution of the United States . https://t.co/2qe8GIwX8b
like the USA .
@realDonaldTrump "Baby Trump" is at it again , having a temper tantrum aimed at the NFL, because the NFL wouldn't sell him a Franchise after he ran the Canadian Football League into bankruptcy because of his poor business skills . "CRY BABY TRUMP" . Move to Russia if you don't
@terrellowens  Just heard you on "The Herd" with Colin , I always enjoyed watching you play . Just wanted to Congratulate You on the Gold Jacket. You earned that and more .
The Administration knew these immigrants would not have been affected by Zero Tolerance and a change of the Law, because these people can't read and don't speak English. So were they supposed to have been in the US and saw the change on Nightly News, gone back home and came back?
@RudyGiuliani You and Jay Sekulow and your smoke screen  aren't working because people are fed up with Trump, his lies and all of the corruption Trump brought to Washington, DC .
@RudyGiuliani  The People all know that Trump can't be interviewed by a real lawyer, because he lies too much. You  can talk all you want but Mueller should just get a Grand Jury subpoena and let Trump explain to the American people why he won't testify before a jury of his peers
@RudyGiuliani You and Jay Sekulow were really funny on your radio show, not factual but really funny . What is with the schtick? We all know ,by your evading the deposition with Mueller that Trump is too scared to be interviewed by Mueller because Trump is a pathological liar .
@RudyGiuliani   Hey , Rudy you and Jay Sekulow are funnier that Abbott and Costello or Laurel and Hardy . Did you two ever consider doing a night club tour . I know Trump doesn't like to pay people he hires, you two could make some money to hold you over for a while .
I have a feeling Mueller is getting tired of this game , and that is all this is , a game . https://t.co/txwZoJ9rzb
It's not just the Element Electronics plant closing costing about 120 jobs , but South Carolina is also cancelling the construction of two Nuclear Power Plants which will cost the state another 5,000 construction jobs . https://t.co/8PExB3YB05
I've been promoting that idea, but so far they can't help themselves , the media is afraid they'll miss something . https://t.co/SgKwU2azR7
@RudyGiuliani  You're the one that is delaying Trump being interviewed by Robert Mueller . Or is it your client that is scared of Robert Mueller ?
That gives me something to look forward to . I always liked Tamron Hall , when she was on NBC . https://t.co/axdN0aaxht
Rep. Chris Collins can serve his next term in Prison . If his constituents are stupid enough to re-elect him .Which they may be . https://t.co/aYm7vTfxvx
I don't think Trump will allow Mueller to question him, this is all just spin so Trump can impress his base as Co-operating and make Mueller look like he is not willing to be co-operative . https://t.co/4KJqVBOOl9
I can't spell it correctly without my spell checker being on . https://t.co/W20haU6sPi
@SpeakerRyan I want to get back to tar and feathering crooked politicians , in public . Maybe , we can do the tar and feathering on the Capitol steps or the National Mall .
@SpeakerRyan  Do you think any of your members will be indicted for being involved with laudering Russian Money ? How much Russian  money have you been involved with ? I'll bet several will be indicted you're all greedy crooks .
@SpeakerRyan  How has Trump drained the swamp ? I'm 68 years old and I have never seen this much criminal activity in the US Congress . You all are really working hard for the American People , After you all pad all of your wallets first . You all are the most Crooked Congress.
@SpeakerRyan  How many of your fellow Republicans are going to wind-up going to prison before the mid-term elections ? Is anyone in the Republican Party in Washington,DC not involved in illegal activities ? Maybe you'll all wind up in Prison with Trump .
How many Republicans have to go to prison before people realize they are all a bunch of self-centered , egotists who are using their positions to cheat Americans out of our benefits, because they are so busy padding their wallets they are neglecting their duties to serve us .
@RashidaTlaib Congratulations on your victory , go get 'em girl . You have broken so old rules and have an opportunity to prove haters wrong . I love it . Hold your head high and show them , "Yes , we can " .
@realDonaldTrump Your Administration has been the most corrupted and perverted I have ever seen in my 68 years . That is one way you have surpassed President Obama .
@realDonaldTrump   I thought you were only going "to hire the very best". You're such a great manager , you are really in control , I'm so glad you have the Republicans showing their high standard of ethics . How many Republicans have been arrested now for corruption, sex abuse?
@realDonaldTrump    Maybe you should waste every one's time again and convene another committee to waste time and money for nothing to be resolved . You know like your illegal voter Commission . Maybe you could put Kris Kobach in charge of it , that would be a real waste of time.
@realDonaldTrump I  really am glad you ran on draining the swamp . I hate to think how many swamp creatures we'd have if you hadn't drained the Trump Swamp . How many crooks in Washington, DC have you gotten rid of ?
@Morning_Joe  I noticed Speaker Paul Ryan(R-WI) completely stopped arguing from a principled position right after Sheldon Adelson gave the House GOP his $30million check for them passing the Republican Tax Cut of 2018 .
@JoeNBC Rep. Paul Ryan(R-WI) stopped fighting for the old Republican Principles when Sheldon Adelson gave the House Republicans his $30million check in May, 2018 , after they passed Republican Tax Cut of 2017 .
@realDonaldTrump What ever happened to Mexico paying for your Trump Wall . The CBO is now saying you're underestimating the cost of the Trump Border Wall, by billions of Dollars , the border wall You said Mexico would pay for, see you lied about Mexico paying for the Wall .
@realDonaldTrump You want us to believe Vladimir Putin would sent Natalia Veselnitskaya, Anatoli Samochornovand Rinat Akhmetshin from Moscow to meet Rob Goldstone and Ike Kaveladze to tell Don Jr. about the backbiting and gossip in Clinton's Campaign ? For gossip? I don't see it.
@realDonaldTrump Your blabbering on twitter won't keep people from reading about Manafort trial . You're still lying about Russians coming to Trump Tower to tell Don Jr. about the backbiting going on in the Clinton Campaign on June 9, 2016 ? From Moscow to NYC ? Doesn't make sens
@realDonaldTrump  Sounds like you're getting your lies mixed up . Having trouble keeping your lies straight ? You're old enough to know when you tell lies you must keep from getting them mixed up . You are definitely getting mixed up .
I have always had a hard time believing Vladimir Putin would go to the trouble of arranging for three people in Moscow , one person in London and another working in Washington, DC to go the Trump Tower to tell Donald Trump Jr. about the backbiting going on in the Clinton Campaign
Hmmmmmmmm, that sounds an awful lot like a Fascist Dictatorship . https://t.co/TLq02220cL
Every time Kellyanne Conway, Sarah Huckleberry Sanders and Donald Trump come on the TV station I am watching I switch the channel to anything else. (Food Channel, Travel Channel or the Science Channel) . https://t.co/7230ONR7zk
It is heartbreaking, beautiful, compelling and inspirational all at the same time precisely because it goes against everything Donald Trump stands for . https://t.co/zsiOjsGjsW
@realDonaldTrump Real Patriotic Americans Hate the Russian Government and we don't want them messing with our Elections . We don't want you to have Russians helping you win our Election for President of our Count , that is a crime and we don't like it .
Hey, Fat Head, just because you tweet that Donald Jr's meeting in Trump Tower was "Totally Legal " doesn't may it so . Your Tweets won't change the law and you can't buy your way out of this crime . You and Your Campaign broke the law and someone will to go jail . https://t.co/6J7J7I8lPi
@realDonaldTrump Thanks .
@realDonaldTrump The fact of the matter is that law was in effect when you and they accepted that meeting in Trump Tower on June 15, 2016 . The law was broken by your campaign and tweets won't change the law . Your Tweet today verified the meeting was to gather "dirt on Hillary".
@realDonaldTrump You and Your Campaign broke the Campaign Finance Law by accepting help from Russian Agents in Trump Tower , even if you didn't get information , that is a crime . US Code 18 Section 371 was also violated , get your "Crazy Uncle Rudy" to read that to you .
@realDonaldTrump  "Baby Trump" the FBI was investigating George Papadopoulos and Carter Page before Hilary Clinton began her Presidential Campaign . Carter Page had Russian Spy contacts in 2013, George Papadopoulos got drunk and talked to British Professor in 2015 .
I'm sorry but I'm tired of Ivanka's tired old lines . She reminds me of an empty beer can .
We and the Press are giving them waaaaaaaaaaay too much of our time . I've been noticing more people calling for less press coverage and I think now is a good time to start . Just send one pool rep and then run video of important material .
Black Lives matter, Brown lives matter and when we kick this bum out of OUR White House we'll start making sure everyone gets their share . "Liberty and Justice for all ". https://t.co/WekElRKrBX
The whole Democratic Universe is fired up . Time to flip , everything . https://t.co/rfn3a0swkA
Just added you to my Twitter feed after reading your name on Joyce Vance's Twitter feed to my account . Looking forward to seeing you all with Richard Lui at 4:30 . https://t.co/oqbn5kSYFB
@realDonaldTrump  You are not fooling anyone , we all know you had Putin help you win the 2016 election . You are afraid to be interviewed by Robert Mueller .
@realDonaldTrump  Yes, you are a liar and yes you are a traitor . Follow the money .
@realDonaldTrump   Just saw that Video of your Helsinki press conference where the reporter asked Putin if he wanted you to win the election and Putin responded through his translator that "Yes he wanted you to win the election and yes had some of his people help you win" .
T hanks , Matt, for clarifying that . Today is Barack Obama's birthday . When I saw Michelle wish a Happy Birthday, it reminded me how much we miss him . https://t.co/1GOjyKa8lI
That criminal Conspiracy to defraud the Government of the US, is US Code 18 Sec. 371 , you should get Rudy to read it to you for a bed time story . https://t.co/4G14pyyfBw
Is that supposed to be a distraction from all the crooked, criminal activity going on in your Administration . Your going  to wind being associated with more criminal money laundering than Paul Manafort and then you be convicted of conspiracy to defraud the government of the US. https://t.co/4G14pyyfBw
Danny O'Connor is not the one who is crooked , Troy Balderson is another Judge Roy Moore because of his friendship with Rep.(R-OH) Jim Jordan , you know the pervert who was involved with the molestation of the OSU wrestlers . https://t.co/K1JKBmfDoh
@realDonaldTrump   You don't even own any of your property, you had to sell it all and now you just put your name on everything and rent or sell it . You bought Mara Lago with Russian Mob money , stolen from the Russian people .
@realDonaldTrump  Dear President Sh*t For Brains , LeBron James has done more for the State of Ohio than you have , and he didn't even go to College . Your college education was a waste of your "Daddy's" money . Your daddy gave you your fortune and LeBron James earned his .
Oh, my gosh . Just stay hydrated , so I can continue to see you on MSNBC ,I love your insightful journalism . https://t.co/37JeKDgNeR
@dannyoconnor1  You've got a winning platform , just keep running on your platform of speaking to the people who will elect you and speak to their needs .
They're trying to hide an extreme right wing agenda . https://t.co/yDNUt0NLeJ
@realDonaldTrump  You're living in that bubble you like to rant about . Everyone out here can see in your bubble , so we know what is going on in there, but you can't get out of it .
@realDonaldTrump Grow up and stop whining , like the little baby brat you are , and testify to Robert Mueller if you want this to end . Your low information supporters may not see through your actions but the 280,000,000 people who hate you can see what you're doing .
@realDonaldTrump Stop whining and crying about how long Mueller has been on your case . You are the one that is drawing this out by hiding and not deposing for Mueller . You and Drunk Rudy are the ones drawing this case out by not testifying to Mueller .
@realDonaldTrump Paul Manafort's trial looks and sounds a whole lot like the way I would follow your money trail . Don't you have 500 shell companies and aren't a lot of them tied to Cyprus, where Wilbur Ross and Paul Manafort have business ?
@realDonaldTrump  Over 4,000 lies , you've told since your inauguration. You're a fatheaded, Orange , lying Traitor and we still have your cage at GITMO waiting for you .
@realDonaldTrump  Besides being a Traitor , a Liar, and a B---- for Vladimir Putin , you're also impotent .
@realDonaldTrump Hey, Fathead , here is something you can read while you play golf . A Republican Appointed Federal Judge just ruled that you don't have the authority to rescind DACA . You have 20 days to change his mind . Take that you F*cking Orange Fool .
Talk about a smack down . https://t.co/yOU14nrJVp
I've been saying for a long time , that they all need to stop covering him . It is where he gets his energy . https://t.co/7iHAMR37xN
@BarackObama  "Happy Birthday" and thank you for everything , you have given me hope and optimism ,"Yes, We Can" .
@MichelleObama  Saw your "Happy Birthday" tweet to President Barack Obama , just reminded me of how much we miss you all's leadership . Thank You both , Much love. Oh, and "Happy Birthday" Mr. President .
@realDonaldTrump You lying Traitor, we've got Putin on Video saying he not only wanted you to win the election , he also said he had people help you win the election .
@realDonaldTrump  You're a lying scab sucking, puss eating Orange dildo .
@realDonaldTrump   You're losing your grip on reality because your worrying . You f*cking "Cry Baby". You act like a 6 month old baby in a 80 year old body .
@realDonaldTrump  Buy yourself a dildo so you can suck on it and dream its Putin while you play golf .
@realDonaldTrump  If you had gotten up off your knees during your two hour meeting with Putin you wouldn't have gotten along  with him so well .
Senator Rand Paul(R-KY) must be having a difficult time raising campaign money , so he is going to Moscow to get his share from Putin .
@realDonaldTrump  Come on you f***ing clown Puppet , say something, say something you worthless inbred , retarded clown Puppet for Putin . That's what I thought , you're nothing but a Clown Puppet of Putin, just like Hilary Clinton said . You have no backbone, Putin Clown Puppet.
@realDonaldTrump   You're a F*cking Putin Clown Puppet .
@ShepNewsTeam Just wondering , should President Trump be concerned that if he continues to attack China and its ruler, maybe China won't buy any more of the United States debt ?
The "Stable Genius" is losing touch with reality . https://t.co/FdphAiGOk4
@SenSchumer  The Democrats have lost their best, counter- puncher when we lost Senator Al Franken(D-MN) and we need to find someone else who can fill that role . Trump has gotten away with being the one that is fighting for his supporters by attacking everyone else, start punchin
@SenSchumer  The Democrats can not become complacent in this election season . We must kick out all the stops and make a really serious effort to take over both houses of the Congress . We can't be happy with just taking over the House of Representatives .
@SenatorTomUdall  Someone has got to be the first to take a stand against this President . His ego is a threat to the United States Constitution , the United States rule of Law and every other principle we have based our democracy on for over 220 years . We must take both Houses.
@HillaryClinton  I did vote for you in 2016 and I don't know what is coming over my country . I am afraid of what my grandchildren will inherit from my generation , and I must say I am really disappointed in the Congress's cowardly attitude toward their Oath of Office .
@HillaryClinton  Now is the time we need all hands on deck . Trump is now endangering the very freedom of the press that our constitution guarantees us . The framers made that our 1st Amendment for a reason . Naysayers be damned , I get highly offended when someone attacks that .
Both . https://t.co/TobxSt4FIJ
Peter on the cartoon show "Family Guy", because everyone else in the cartoon must help him get out of the jambs he gets himself and his family into . https://t.co/YRXbKHEqf4
@Strawberriez51   I flushed one this morning .
@SenAmyKlobuchar
@SenAmyKlobuchar  The testimony I saw on 7/31/2018 in your Senate Committee was disgraceful . Is there anyone else that was enraged other than me ? That testimony by certain people made me ashamed of the fact that those people were representing my government .
@SenAmyKlobuchar Is there any way we can criminally prosecute the people testifying  before your Senate Committee ? I was enraged by what I saw going on in your Senate Committee , yesterday . The testimony given by the Trump Administration was criminal and should be prosecuted .
How can this happen ? Are we being controlled by an autocratic dictator ? Is there any way this can be stopped ? We need and must demand a democratic society that is controlled by the people . https://t.co/J6Daz3M3Vj
A perfect example of Trump's knowledge of Science and Technology . The weather report which determines if he can play golf . https://t.co/fFlKQ6cK3d
@RudyGiuliani  Everyone knows Trump is a Compulsive liar , he lies an average of 6 1/2 times a day everyday and twice as often when he opens his mouth .
@RudyGiuliani  You are already having trouble keeping up with all of Trump's lies and that is why you don't want Trump to testify to Robert Mueller and we don't blame you . Everyone knows Trump is a compulsive liar .
@RudyGiuliani Hey Rudy, how about conspiracy to defraud the government of the United States , in the  initiation of the act of treason .
The Associated Press has just reported the only identifier among the "Purported" American Soldiers remains , returned from North Korea was one "Dog Tag" . A government expert suggested it could take years to identify all the remains .
This is all wrong , I don't care what your politics are . No one needs to go to this level just to make some kind of a point . I hate Trump and have no use for Melania , but no one should attack a woman because of who she is married to and attack her character . https://t.co/ShnITWEeBy
Thank God , for the Judges that have restrained the criminal enterprise running our government . https://t.co/AaxFJFttA9
I believe "treason" would also work . https://t.co/i2FO8j6MlO
I love this , please read and retweet . https://t.co/6nmpgSYOrF
I love seeing you report on MSNBC . I only wish you had more of a platform for your reporting . I can only imagine what the Russian people must be going through . I have seen a few images of the resistance against Putin , in Russia and believe Putin has and is robbing them . https://t.co/PWsY1XooyX
First sir, thank you for your service and now , I love your "Cult45" handle for them . https://t.co/xvPaNXjDKb
I  would like for you to start where "Whoopy" Goldberg left off, where did this "Deep State" get started, when did the "Deep State" get started, third who started the "Deep State" , fourth are they same people still running the "Deep State" . Has she ever been there ? https://t.co/a67D07OsgD
Of course their popular this is the Republican donor class who are getting their taxes cut . https://t.co/160qHdRLNk
I don't believe it would make any difference even if Trump made mistakes in the FBI building because no one in the Senate will stand up to Trump . They would rather just let him have his way and criticize it after it is completed, if anyone should complain about it . https://t.co/Z0FRWBSlFc
@RandPaul  You're almost as disgusting as Mitch McConnell . I know I don't have to worry about either of you becoming any kind of model citizens and actually defending our country, but I had to ask if you intend to stop Trump from shutting down government over his border wall .
@RandPaul  I knew you would eventually side with President Trump on his SCOTUS pick , once you got your ugly mug in front of enough TV cameras . I want to know if you have enough back bone to stand up to him so he won't shut down the government over the Mexican border wall .
@SenateMajLdr Unfortunately you are my elected representative in the Senate of the United States . So, you are the one I have ask , are you just going to sit in President Trump's lap and allow him to shut down the government over the border wall Mexico was supposed to pay for ?
I don't give a damn about what Laura Ingram has done in her life . Our Damn President hasn't done anything for anyone with his money , just with other people's money . https://t.co/Ku4qgBiXIr
I believe they will regret their sycophantic attitudes when an anarchist walks , past the security scanners ,into the White House or the Senate Office building with a plastic handgun in their pocket and murders one of them . https://t.co/WMRHyRTvYZ
I believe it started out the Trump Campaign stated they had no meetings with any foreign entities  . https://t.co/lmBQsxzp39
If you watch this video you'll know that Alex Jones eats Donald Trump sh*t sandwiches with horseradish sauce , all day long . https://t.co/1hm80AWPmu
Trump loves to hear the sound of the rocks in his head banging around every time he opens his mouth . https://t.co/VKYzlHpO9w
Go, Amy McGrath , Kentucky needs new leadership in Washington, DC . You will make us proud , again . https://t.co/rycjPh0oT3
@KingJames You have a lot of your life ahead of you and I just have a feeling you will always be a leader and not just in sports . Like Jeanie Buss said ,"so much to look forward to" , with all of your initiatives . Good Luck .
@KingJames  I just saw your discussion on TV and you said you had always thought of sports as a unifier because of the people you met . I just wanted to say I believe you are 100% correct and we can't let Trump win . This is for the people , sports are like music, they both unite
Trump gave Putin a warm fuzzy feeling . https://t.co/2oIuI8G26M
How apropos , at least for Trump era . https://t.co/OZPQ33qIl9
@SenFeinstein @JudiciaryDems I absolutely support your efforts to get to the truth, on this important topic . Perhaps someday we will need to change the regulations governing the SCOTUS appointments . I understand that you are all at a disadvantage right now, but this is too important to let go. Thanks
@SenatorDurbin  I support you in your efforts to force DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen to resign . If she doesn't resign we must force her out , by impeachment . We need all the members of Congress to support your actions . She is not serving the people she swore to serve . Thanks
My theory : Trump is mad at NATO and EU because right after he became the Republican Nominee for President he  was briefed by the Security services that they were aware of Russians communicating with his Campaign, that is why he attacks NATO, EU and our security services .
@realDonaldTrump  Like I said two weeks ago , "You've fucked a lot of shit up and you haven't fixed anything . You're a cluster-fuck . 40% isn't enough fat head .
Is your idea of MAGA letting Putin run all over you ? Traitor , Fat, Lazy and Incompetent . https://t.co/POfyaVk6HQ
@realDonaldTrump  Like I said you're just a puppet of Putin and scared to do anything to make him mad . You're a liar and a traitor . North Korea is building a new factory to manufacture ICBMs . I forgot , you don't read your daily briefings , you're too stupid, fat and lazy .
@realDonaldTrump  When are you going to take control of the Russians hacking our internet? Facebook is testifying before Congress they have uncovered evidence the Russians are attacking their platform . That is supposed to be your top priority , protecting our citizens .
@realDonaldTrump You are losing your grip . Robert Mueller has not indicted anyone for colluding or collusion . You have not been indicted for anything . Has Robert Mueller indicted you  for anything ? Where are the 700+ missing immigrant babies, you are now guilty of kidnapping.
@DarrellIssa  Do you know what FEC regulations are concerning foreign influence in US elections ? You may want to read what that code states so you don't make a mistake and violate that law . You are not allowed to accept any aid from a foreign entity, it doesn't have to be money
@DarrellIssa  Of course you're going to say I am part of a left wing conspiracy, because I don't agree with some of your assertions but you sounded like you don't know what the law says, concerning foreign influence in United States election laws. You may need to read the law .
@Morning_Joe  I wouldn't worry too much about Rudy Giuliani saying there was a meeting before the Trump Tower meeting . Rudy Giuliani just forgot which of the Trump lies he had told .and which he hadn't made public yet .
The Trump Administration has never been concerned with what the American people want . They are only concerned with making money for themselves , just like the Mafia . The Trump Administration is running our government like a criminal organization , the mafia .
I checked and none of Robert Mueller's indictments even mention collusion or colluding , probably because he knows collusion and colluding are not actually in the criminal codes . Until Robert Mueller charges someone with collusion or colluding I'm not worried . https://t.co/e99mrLXXse
Funny, none of Robert Mueller's indictments mention Collusion or Colluding . https://t.co/WxGKmcmHUz
@RudyGiuliani   Hey, Rudo, I just checked and none of Robert Mueller's indictments are for collusion or colluding . Maybe you should check your sources .
@kasie  Some experts are saying none of Trump's bail-out money will go to the small family farmers and instead will go to the Agri-Con large corporations .
@kasie  Don't let Dershowitz throw you off track, take a deep breath and go back at it . Your fans are with you .
@kasie   If Republicans really want to support their constituents then they need to stop talking and start acting . we are about to lose a good number of our small family farmers because of the action of Trump . The family farmers don't have the financial backing for a long fight
@kasie  Before you invite Alan Dershowitz on your show you have to make sure he has taken his meds in the correct dosage .
Several descriptions, apply to this . https://t.co/YM19UzVQCV
If the American People have to put up Brett Kavanaugh for 40 years, then we need to know everything he has said and done . https://t.co/vGyE8zv9Kd
@realDonaldTrump   Little "Baby Trump" got a wet diaper ?Little "Baby Trump" need his binky? Little "Baby Trump" having a temper tantrum ? Maybe Momma Melania should burp him . Buy him some "Big Macs" , "French Fries" and Coke . You fatheaded brat .
@realDonaldTrump Losing your grip ? Looks like it .
They aren't done lying , yet . This fight has just begun . https://t.co/GGKEsWprlH
Hey Rudy, if you think Donald Trump feels bad tonight because you say Michael Cohen lied about him , how do you think the American people feel knowing their President has lied to them ?
This is totally insane , I don't see why the Justice Department would allow this to happen . Printed guns will be disposable and untraceable . https://t.co/a01KArFFtn
It sounds to me like Mark Agee is talking about the videos that Putin has of Trump in the Moscow Ritz in 2013 . https://t.co/Wd6veqgtjK
@guerrerojoe19 Me Too, Amigo, I have many Mexican friends here and I worry about them, their families and their friends . I hope everyone is safe and doing well . This President loves to hurt people and I fear for their safety .
As thin as the veil is , everyone should be able to see what is behind it . Born Trump is like being born and raised in the Cosa Nostra ; you in it from the beginning and the only way out is when you die . There is an unspoken blood bond . https://t.co/ei02kWWUch
Please keep fighting the good fight . https://t.co/O7locnKLYo
There should not be any doubt that this was how the Founding Fathers wanted their "Emoluments Clause" to be interpreted , the "Founding Fathers" were worried about the Ruling Families in Europe trying to maintain their control over our Government, by bribing "Loyalists" among us. https://t.co/74BLSfFpQf
"Lock him up, Lock him up, Lock him up, Lock him up ." https://t.co/z55C60i6wM
That is not the America I grew up in . I survived Viet Nam, Richard Nixon and Watergate , Ronald Reagan and " the Iran-Contra Scandal , the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. , Trayvon Martin and all the injustices our country has imposed on our people but this too much . https://t.co/fd17o2DMe3
@facebook  I officially closed my "Facebook" account yesterday . I closed my account completely down, because you all kept selling my personal information . I was willing to forgive that fact a couple of times , but you took advantage and kept doing it . I quit .
@realDonaldTrump "Lock you up, Lock you up, Lock You Up, Lock you up, Lock you up, Lock you up ."
@realDonaldTrump "Lock you up, Lock you up, Lock you up, Lock you up, Lock you up."
"Shadow Banning" Republicans that sounds like another of  your "Conspiracy Theories" to gin up your under informed(i.e. lied to, by you) constituents . https://t.co/xHrUKOEmtH
"Lock you up, Lock you up, Lock you up, Lock you up ." https://t.co/7JLORfCTGm
Pastor Andrew Brunson has been in Prison in Turkey for two (2) years , so why are celebrating the fact he was released from prison to go to home incarceration . You use it to distract from the fact you haven't gotten anything done, except to suck-up to Putin . You're pitiful . https://t.co/7JLORfCTGm
@realDonaldTrump   "Lock you up, Lock you up, Lock you up, Lock you up, Lock you up . "
Stumbling, Bumbling Fool . https://t.co/uhjMEqpg5E
How the Trump tax cut is helping to push the federal deficit to $1 trillion https://t.co/BqLrHoco30  So, What will Trump expect the American people to do without , next ?
We all know that .The only one who doubts that is the President , and according to him his Opinion is the only one that counts . https://t.co/gB3UWMOoTB
Donald J. Trump , does this feel familiar ? https://t.co/XhukUAihN6
@realDonaldTrump  I forgot to remind you , we still have your cage in GITMO , waiting for you .
From Russia with Love . https://t.co/QkI3o9rMwQ
@realDonaldTrump  You need to stop blowing shit up and start fixing some of the shit you have already blown up . Trade deals, Health Insurance, North Korea , Iran Nuclear Deal , Tell Putin to stop messing with us, Clean Air Act , you fucked up a lot of shit and Fixed nothing .
@realDonaldTrump  Your tweets about the trade deal your going to work out , will it be any better than your non-deal with North Korea ? Where are the remains of the missing US service killed in North Korea , you said they were coming home in June , 2018 .
@realDonaldTrump What is your plan to defend our national Electric Utility grid from the Russian hackers that have been trying to interfere with it and control it from Moscow for years and tried to shut it down last year . You lover , Putin's work .
@realDonaldTrump Someone was asking what size suit coat do you wear, they wanted  to know so they could order a straight jacket for you, so you can't hurt yourself .
The League of the South launched its Russian language page just days after President Trump met with Vladimir Putin https://t.co/CNChFOQPUo
@realDonaldTrump  I, believe you are acting like you're ready for a Straight Jacket .
@realDonaldTrump   Pulling the security clearances for the Democratic Administrations National Security Counsel would look worse for you than any damage you may cause the former Security Counsel Members . They are just expressing their personal views, 1st Amendment Rights .
@realDonaldTrump  "Baby Trump" having a bad day, because his Pamper is wet and he can't find his "Binkie" ? Poor "Baby Trump" .
@realDonaldTrump  Where are the 2000 Immigrant babies you separated from their families at the border and now can't locate ?
@realDonaldTrump   Where are the remains of the 200 US service members you said were already on their way home back in June .
Yeah, and two of the three Russian Agents that Carter Page met with were taken to trial and convicted of conspiring with Russia against the United States . https://t.co/GeoDUJP1Po
So , on July17, the day after Trump met with Vladimir Putin in Helsinki , a White Nationalist hate group launched a Russian language web page in order to show their solidarity with the Russian Federation . https://t.co/7GBCtcTCic
@RepDevinNunes  Putin and the GRU must be paying you a lot of money to make you try to corrupt the whole US Justice system  . Your argument is leaking like a sieve . You're just a corrupt traitor . I don't believe people will believe you when they know the facts, not your spin .
@RepDevinNunes  You can't spin your statements as anything but lies unless you don't read the Documents . The FISA Judges re-approved the surveillance four times during the FBI investigation . Are you going to say these Judges are corrupt ? They appointed by George W. Bush .
@RepDevinNunes  I don't guess you can state on what page of the Carter Page Document you are getting your information . I read the whole 400+ pages and I didn't see it . I did see the FBI began watching Carter Page in 2013 and his accomplices were convicted in 2015 of conspiracy.
That's not what your sweetheart is saying in Moscow . Putin Claims "Baby Trump" is withdrawing from Syria . Putin also said when he comes to see you this fall he'll bring you a gift . https://t.co/Y2wtAPGCw9
@realDonaldTrump  "Baby Trump" where are those remains of the 200 American service members who died in North Korea that you said were coming home in June ?
@realDonaldTrump  You are using Iran to distract from your problems brewing in the Courtroom , Michael Cohen, Paul Manafort and Helsinki .
@realDonaldTrump  You're lying to cover up other lies now , and you're forgetting the first lies you told . You're the one to blame for the Iran mess you took the US out of the Iran Nuclear deal. People in your Administration warned you about withdrawing from the deal .
@realDonaldTrump Don't you remember you had to fire Paul Manafort because he took Lethal Military Aide for the Ukraine off of the Republican Platform at the Republican Convention ? You denied he did but had to cover it up when it became apparent someone changed your platform .
@realDonaldTrump  You were warned by the FBI that Russia/Putin had government Agents of the Russian Federation working in top positions of your Presidential  Campaign , including Paul Manafort . Mitch McConnell wouldn't cooperate with Obama on a joint statement against Russia .
Trump is personification of "the Lunatic Fringe" . Every one in his sphere of influence is under the Umbrella of corruption . They are running the country like a Mafia family even forcing everyone to swear their oath of "Omerta" . https://t.co/QYyq1JHvOv
@realDonaldTrump "Baby Trump" has told so many lies he has forgotten the fact that the Obama FBI warned "Baby Trump" the Russians were using members of "Baby Trump's" campaign to spy on him . That General Michael Flynn lied to VP Pence and had to be fired for lying to VP Pence .
@realDonaldTrump  "Baby Trump" is so afraid of what will come out when Paul Manafort is in court that he is getting his lies mixed up . "Baby Trump" forgot Obama warned him the Russians were interfering in his campaign, in the Oval Office during the transition .
@realDonaldTrump "Baby Trump" must really be afraid of what Paul Manafort or Michael Cohen will saying in Court , Because "Baby Trump" is running so scared he is bumping into himself .
Democrats have got to campaign in their Districts and talk to the people they would represent if they are elected t o Congress to represent the people around where they live . Don't try to follow someone else who is running for Congress, follow your future constituents .
If we let the pressure off of them they will see that as a sign of weakness and believe me it will energize them . They're all a bunch of entitled little crybabies and we must keep the pressure on them. I have no sympathy for a bunch of whiny brats . Speaking in French "F--- 'em" https://t.co/k1Dczrm5qU
The demand for Jim Jordan to resign has to come from Paul Ryan . They are not going to give each other up, because they are all guilty of some illegality and if one gives someone up that breaks the chain and they are all culpable , the Mafia calls it "Omerta". Look it up . https://t.co/sfhnCLRWnU
Obviously the guy is having a hard time impressing the woman he is with. so he had to steal from a child to impress her . She is just as culpable as he is . https://t.co/NKQY4NfCai
Trump couldn't stop himself from lying , even if he wanted to . He is addicted to lying and it is major character attribution of his personality . https://t.co/6lEMb7GNSn
We can't extinguish the fire of true love . https://t.co/eBUNHlVhHc
@realDonaldTrump The only thing the News Media did was play their video of your performance of your newest character " The Great Traitor" . https://t.co/rXVdjnuvP8
This hatred is well deserved . https://t.co/jFOhYMs8vW
If these half-wits want to talk about rage, I've got some for them. I'm not about to sit around and allow some 72 Year old child in a dirty diaper, sell my country out a Russian despot to run rough shod over my country .
The Russians didn't spend very much money on their voter influence campaign, thanks to Facebook , and that allowed them to have more money to buy Republican Politicians . Mueller has already uncovered $30million spent to buy Donald Trump, how much did Senator McConnell cost ? https://t.co/zicUUqbLgs
With the release of new documents, Devin Nunes’s memo on Carter Page has gotten even less credible https://t.co/ttw1xzRzP1
@realDonaldTrump  When Chris Christie was US Attorney for New Jersey , why did he never investigate all of your Casino corruption ? He had to know about it . He busted some of your friends, so he had to know , sounds like "Pay to Play".
Did you forget your dad bought you five deferments so you wouldn't have to serve in the military . They never did find your "Bone Spurs" . You spent your Viet Nam Years fighting Syphilis you caught chasing alley whores . https://t.co/8I5xG8148R
You don't deserve to have your name in the same article with Senator Bob Dole , he is a distinguished War Hero and you're a nobody who had your dad pay for five draft deferments ,which no one could ever find your bone spurs, so you wouldn't have to serve your country. https://t.co/HBfCk5Ie54
You simple minded, 70 year old, thin skinned, diaper wearing "Baby Trump" you know Obama couldn't say anything about Russian interference in the 2016 election after Senator McConnell declined to make a joint statement with Obama. You're all Putin sycophants . https://t.co/HBfCk5Ie54
@realDonaldTrump  You also know your Campaign was warned by the FBI that Russia was trying to recruit members of your campaign . You know that was why Paul Manafort, George Papadopoulos and Carter Page were fired from your Campaign, you're so simple minded your game is a bore .
@realDonaldTrump You know Senator McConnell would not support Obama in making a joint statement about Russian interference in our election . Obama knew without Republican support it would look like he was playing favorites with Hillary in the election, and you're playing it .
@realDonaldTrump I remember when you raped Ivana, your first wife, and got Marla pregnant , and all your trouble with your old Russian mob friends from when you were a builder and how they followed you to your casinos, so you could launder their drug and extortion money .
@realDonaldTrump  You're a liar, a con artist, a simple minded pig getting fatter by stealing from hard working American Citizens . When your victims realize the truth about how corrupt you really are you won't be able to bear the consequences, because you're a thin skinned baby.
@realDonaldTrump  You're the worst , most corrupt president the United States has ever had , and you're an embarrassment to our country . But you are the best liar to ever be elected President , you can have that title. You failed at everything except lying to the World .
@realDonaldTrump  Where are the remains of the 200 American soldiers you told us were coming home from North Korea . You told us they were coming home in June , right after your failed Summit with Kim-Jung un , where you got nothing and gave them a lot . You failed .
@realDonaldTrump   Why are your knees not sore, You've been on both knees in front of Vladimir Putin  now for 7days . If you don't stand up , soon you won't be able to . Are you wearing knee pads ? You must be .
Yes we can trust Clapper, Comey, McCabe and Strok because they dedicated their lives to defending our country . All you have done is corrupt the truth , and defend the Putin sycophant in the White House . Up is up, down is down and you're trying to confuse some simple minded https://t.co/PkUM8MJ0Ea
@Jim_Jordan    The only people that benefitted from the Republican Tax Cut of 2017 were people who were already wealthy . But then that was all you cared about because they were donating to Republican campaigns . We know you feathered your own nest, your contributors nest, not us
@Jim_Jordan   I hate to tell you this but you don't have enough support to impeach the Assistant Attorney General , and this is just a vain attempt to cover up you problems at OSU . but, your smoke screen won't work .
@Jim_Jordan   You Russian tools in the House Republican Caucus are trying to distract from the Criminal activity going on in the White House, but the majority of Americans are aware of your Criminal Conspiracy and justice will be served , one way or another .
@Jim_Jordan   The people in your district know all about your self serving ambitions, and how all you are concerned about is helping yourself . You cut taxes for the wealthy, and have to slash college funding , health insurance for the sick, and other programs for working people.
@Jim_Jordan This Republica
@Jim_Jordan   The people are on to you all, we know about you all getting millions of dollars from the wealthy people you all gave tax cuts . That is what people out here call the swamp . This Republican caucus is the most corrupt of all time .
@Jim_Jordan Putin's Prostitutes in the House Republican Caucus need to get more of that Russian Money that "Baby Trump" has laundered for them . When the people vote them out they'll be millionaires, Rep. Paul Ryan retired after Sheldon Adelson paid him for his tax cut .
@Jim_Jordan Do you really think this will distract everyone from the fact that you were named by OSU as being aware of the abuse by Dr. Strauss while you were assistant coach of the wrestling team ? I don't think so .
@Jim_Jordan   You must be back to taking two knees for Putin like you "Fearless Leader" "Baby Trump" did in Helsinki . Little Baby Donnie Two Knees was so busy attacking the NFL for "taking a knee" during the Anthem, he forgot he had to get on two knees for Putin .
@Jim_Jordan   All of the "Putin Prostitutes" in House Republican Party voted a gainst funding to protect our voting system , so their comrades in Moscow have open access to our voter registration files and all they can say is "Voter I.D." here in Kentucky we use Driver Licenses .
@realDonaldTrump Dear Fat Head "Baby Trump" you want to cry about penalizing NFL players "Taking a Knee" during the National Anthem , what will be your penalty for "Taking both Knees" for Vladimir Putin . You were on your knees for a lot longer period of time,  2 1/2 hours .
@realDonaldTrump  Dear, "Baby Trump" you weren't being spied on , it was the Russian Spy working in your campaign that they were watching .
Ladies and Gentlemen please stand-by the fan is still running and there is a whole lot of BS in the air . Trump will key the mic soon ,  Trump is probably conferring with Mr. Shine on a plan to distract from Trump's latest cluster-fuck .
Wow, Rudy just validated the conversation . https://t.co/hnLdJJyryv
More equivocation , what else would you expect ? https://t.co/1vmptl91Md
You look very pretty with your smile on . You should always wear it, with pride . https://t.co/E9rcjG4iJD
Foreign money is influencing the Trump Administration and now they will begin to drown in it . Because they are not as smart as they think they are and Mueller has out smarted a lot of people . Like I said last night Mueller doesn't have to subpoena Trump . He'll indict himself . https://t.co/LtrdAmXXVx
Rick Scott no doubt was well paid for allowing the Russian NRA to operate in Florida . Watch the money trail , it will start to unravel very quickly now . Mueller got hold of one thread and pulled it and now there are several people pulling on several different threads at once . https://t.co/ol16jD9Xec
That should be our individual rights , as humans of equal worth, but Trump doesn't see it that way . He is a Republican and they don't value individual rights, unless we're talking about their rights . They sure as hell aren't sharing the billions of dollars Putin gave them . https://t.co/dAZPGtUZxs
What does it say about our President that while his new wife was recovering from the birth of their son , Barron Trump , our President was having affairs with multiple women . But, he has good words, and he is a stable genius . Trump is dedicated only to himself , that is Trump.
I don't talk about religion very often but, someone please give me the Chapter and Verse where the bible tells people not to love your neighbor and treat everyone with love and Respect. I'll admit I haven't found the strength to turn the other cheek , I do unto others as they do. https://t.co/9iQ4eLS213
Robert Mueller has already uncovered the money trail and the NRA is doing some serious ass covering . https://t.co/rjRxV3IeWN
I'm still trying to get my head around the fact that it took Trump 4 days to decide he wasn't going to turn over 12 American Citizens to Vladimir Putin for interrogation by the GRU . That should have been a no as soon as Putin suggested it . Maybe Putin didn't suggest it . https://t.co/Fzc16yL7Ra
They're all scared , the house of cards is beginning to fall . The attack on the US, the money trail, the attempted cover-up, the co-conspirators, the confusion in a cloud of dust, the tentacles of a vast Mafia like criminal organization being run out of our White House . https://t.co/D9jlGsPaNz
Immigrants at the border are human beings and deserved to be treated with the same respect that we would want for ourselves and our families . Treat them the way you would want to be treated if you were trying to protect your family if their lives were threatened. Someone's baby https://t.co/SwihQzx1Hi
The next shoe to drop will be bank records . 7/20/2018 They already have them , the prosecutor would not have allowed that to get out if they didn't have corroboration .
And Trump will have no way to refute anything that Putin might say they agreed on . https://t.co/o5wTodnx1A
I  prefer to have Julian Assange brought to the United States and put on trial for his crimes and to have Trump impeached for Treason . https://t.co/VBrIUaMGrc
Does anyone doubt that these families will be suffering from the trauma they suffered at the hands of our wannabe President, for the rest of their lives . Trump may have even created the next generation of International Terrorists . https://t.co/HDFrUmIGxK
Rudy, Rudy, Rudy, what you gonna do now ?  Rudy, Rudy, Rudy, Rudy, Time for you to earn your Russian Blood Money , Putin is watching to see if you are defending his boy. You better not let Putin down, he'll cut you out of the Russian Mob Money Swamp .
I believe it has already hit the fan . We are about to be sprayed by Trump , better duck behind something or cover up . Trump will have to say or do something drastic to distract everyone from this cluster-fuck . https://t.co/aSMUzEd0s4
When it becomes obvious that illegal acts are transpiring on a regular basis you begin to wonder at what point do I need to "Cover My Own Ass" ? Been there, done that . After a while you begin to lie to cover a previous lie and then the lies spiral and you lie all the time, Trump https://t.co/o7icxH13gA
He is the White House Communication Director  and he didn't communicate all of the sexual abuse going on at Faux News . No doubt he will continue to do a wonderful job covering up all of Trump's abuses . https://t.co/1CDybrMv2q
McConnell looks like he just bit into something he thought was a worm, but turned out to be the scent bag on a skunk . https://t.co/zvBZnxlSUK
Let Putin come to America and we'll have two million people marching in Washington, DC carrying torches , while he is here . https://t.co/pigyNzCMQG
Every time Trump gets caught with his hand in our cookie jar he changes course for a day or two just to confuse the simple minded . Give Trump three days and he will be back to being his same old Corrupt Treasonous self . Haven't you learned , yet ? He can't help who he is . https://t.co/NGPsVPBfvw
That's because Republicans were such an easy target, all she had to do was offer a little money . She just used sex because she needed it . Everyone knows the Republican party was already corrupt, I believe she was surprised by how easy the Republicans were , they were willing . https://t.co/ZG49wD7had
RT @BryanDawsonUSA: 61% of Republicans think Trump is being framed by FBI		51% believe Trump should have power to overturn judges		80% don’…
I'm in . https://t.co/lAxPF74GtM
@realDonaldTrump   Boy, oh Boy, that Robert Mueller really is thorough he listed 21 pages of evidence against your former Campaign Chairman Paul Manafort and that is just for his first trial .
@realDonaldTrump   Interesting theory, Mueller doesn't need to subpoena you .....
@realDonaldTrump  You're still prosecuting 2016 ? You're a little late . Like a witch doctor rattling the bones of the dead . "Baby Trumpy" need his binkie ? Tiny little hands can hold a Bah, Bah ?
@realDonaldTrump  Bumbling Kompromat Dupe . Useful Idiot .
I  can tell when Trump's MAGA cap is too tight when the puss runs out his ears. https://t.co/eVPFPLb5nU
@realDonaldTrump  "Baby Trump" need a diaper changed and his binkie ? Poor "Baby Trump" . What three agreements did you and Putin sign ? Russia TV says one of them was you withdrawing from Syria .
Well, someone hurry up and wipe their noses, change their diapers and give them their binkie . https://t.co/73kWgNQzgY
@BravenakBlog Thank you for reminding us that this exactly who America is and always has been . What makes America great is that we have the freedom to try to do better and most of us want to do better but sometimes we need to have our noses rubbed in it , to realize it stinks .
It is not time to change the leaders of our Congress, it is indeed past time to change the Leadership of both Houses of our Congress . https://t.co/JVK1FUewBB
Quite a force you have there David . https://t.co/9dM8m5riLh
Here is a little bedtime story for you to read . https://t.co/SeqVsob1Ly
Devin Nunes is just like every other Republican in Washington, DC they are all there to enrich themselves first and tell themselves that after they are far enough ahead they will try to help their Constituents , when they can . https://t.co/iL4WqNkjTo
@HurdOnTheHill  I'm a Democrat from Kentucky and I know Trump has been dealing with Russians since the 1990s, probably dealing with them in construction and at his casinos, so he is "relaxed" around them. But I don't like when he attacks FBI, Intelligence Agencies and divides us
I thought Judge Sabraw ended that deportation policy with a temporary injunction . https://t.co/4OlnnwIUDC
No wonder the Democrats are having so much trouble . I registered to vote as a Democrat in 1971, never voted Republican, and both of my parents were Democrats , and I am embarrassed by this . https://t.co/7rQW7UVOam
This is what a turtle looks like when someone pecks on its shell with a hammer . https://t.co/zvBZnxlSUK
You're taking him too literally , don't you see. Trump is playing a role . He has to divide the US, then EU. Trump and Putin both know they can't defeat either as they were so they must weaken them, financially first, then divide them and then when they weaker plunder and ruin . https://t.co/iZDhgIZy5W
@RandPaulSenator   You always have been a worthless, spineless worm unworthy of my time . You don't have your own values just twisting in the wind to the whims of a Russian agent corrupting the whole American way of life . You took an oath to protect and defend, not use to enrich
@RandPaulSenator  Naw, never mind we all know you don't have enough spine to cross your Russian Contact. So, just go ahead and collect your Russian Rubles with your fellows Traitors in the Republican Party. The whole world is watching the Republicans sell America to Russia/Putin.
@RandPaulSenator  The next time you are down there licking the soles of Trump's shoes and begging him for more stolen Russian Mob Money, like the rest of Republican Brood , ask him how immigrant babies did he sell into slavery to Vladimir Putin ?
@RandPaulSenator   Unfortunately for me I am cursed by have two sycophantic servile  Senators to Represent my home state and I can't decide which is the most subservient to the Russian Traitor in the White House . But, you are no doubt the lowest of the two licking Trump's shoes.
Perhaps Devin Nunes will be able to get Vladimir Putin's autograph when Putin comes to Washington , DC this fall . Trump just asked Amb. John Bolton to set up a meeting this fall in Washington , DC . How many people will march in protest while Putin and Trump are Meeting ? https://t.co/eVylkiqnCt
Hmmm , kind of like liars. https://t.co/P7urzo4Nzd
Thank God, justice is served . Heroes all . https://t.co/ScD5aflrP0
Ann Coulter is a click bat, someone saying stupid shit all the time just so people will click on her name and she'll get her 1 minutes of face time . I won't click on her because she makes want to puke, and is not worth my time . https://t.co/llYcW1ukCd
I was born and raised in Louisville, Kentucky . I have watched his political career from to time he was Judge Executive of Jefferson County, Kentucky in the early 1970s and he is still the same person, just more experienced, manipulating, conniving, obstructing and corrupt . https://t.co/zvBZnxlSUK
The Republican Party is now complicit in a conspiracy to deceive the American people in a lie to cover up the Russian interference in the 2016 election . The Republican Party is now complicit with Donald Trump and the Russians in a plot to deceive the American people .
The New York Times is reporting tonight that Donald Trump was shown emails and text Communications from Vladimir Putin showing that Vladimir Putin interfered in our 2016 election .
The New York Times is now reporting the FBI briefed Donald Trump on January 6, 2017 and Trump was shown Emails and communications from Vladimir Putin showing that Putin had interfered in the 2016 elections .
@SpeakerRyan  People are going to know you allowed Russia/Putin to violate our n ational Sovereignty . You, Mitch McConnell and the whole Republican Party will be held accountable.
@SpeakerRyan  You can not continue to deny the fact that the President of the United States has been compromised by Russia/Putin and we need to act independently to defend our country . Time is running for you to act before the Russian/Putin are in our election you are letting it
Ho w long will it take before the Republicans in Congress realize that they need to act to defend our country, because their President has been compromised by the United States biggest adversary . https://t.co/C14fPgPx8n
Look at the Rat Putin caught in the White House . https://t.co/hpPCzb6LQT
There are a lot of people who have taken an oath and seem to have forgotten it . https://t.co/Rj1bxYMOKB
@LindseyGrahamSC  I don't care who acts , I just want someone to act, because Trump is a Russian asset and not willing to act . The Republicans in Congress have got to do something, anything, I don't care, this is getting crazy . The President is not making any sense .
Republicans used to have principles that I respected, I didn't agree with their principles but I respected them for having principles and fighting for their principles . Now, I can't identify a Republican principle that carries through the whole party other than self preservation
Trump has been lying to the American people since he began his Presidential Campaign , while riding down his escalator . But, the part I still have a hard time understanding is why are our elected officials following Trump so blindly . I used to respect Republicans, but no more . https://t.co/0TxukPdHO5
Ex-White House stenographer: Trump is ‘lying to the American people’ https://t.co/Ou5K8fksGm  We are being kept from knowing the truth about the things our own government is doing to us .
Trump stayed at Turnberry Sarurday and Sunday before his Helsinki Summit with Putin and billed our Government $65,000 which would pay those late fees , is that coincidence ? https://t.co/Uan60Who4D
@realDonaldTrump   At the end of your first year in the White House you had created 200,000 fewer jobs than Obama had in the same period one year before . Stop your fucking lies .
@realDonaldTrump I don't know what the hell your smoking , because we have gained nothing in North Korea , Secretary Pompeo is still working to get something concrete to sign and you got nothing . What did you give Putin? What is the Pentagon talking about changing ?
Trump is not fucked as long as he has a corrupt Congress that will cover his screw ups . https://t.co/6of4un9ckE
@Morning_Joe  We have got to stop this deception, we are being lied to by the very people we elected to send to Washington , DC , to protect us and work for us, not to work for Trump and certainly not work for Russia . Russian Money has corrupted our Republican Congress .
@Morning_Joe  Donald Trump and the whole Republican Party has been bought and paid for by Russian money . They are no longer working for the American people , they are all working for Russia .
@Morning_Joe  We are being lied to by Trump and the Republican party and all the while Russia is pumping money into the Republican party through the NRA and other tax-exempt corporations . The Republican Party is being bought and paid for by the Russians just like Trump .
@Morning_Joe How long will it take for the Russian translation of what was said by Trump to Putin during their two hour love fest in Helsinki . Don't let the Republican party in Congress off so easy they are as much to blame for this as Trump, they are still covering for his lies
@Morning_Joe Nick Confessore is absolutely correct Trump walked back, his walk back with a walk back to his walk back .
@Morning_Joe  Trump is lying so people will be occupied , their brains will be trying to decipher Trump's veiled speak , while he is robbing everyone blind . Trump is lying and deceiving everyone .Trump only works for Trump .
@Morning_Joe   Please stop spreading Trump's word salads . Trump's words have no meaning other than to cover or camouflage his deceptions of everyone who listens to him . Trump is nothing more than a liar, lying to deceive everyone who will listen so he can lie and steal from us.
@Morning_Joe   Donald Trump is tweeting , madly this morning because he knows Obama is back to spreading the truth and his reign is being threatened .
@Morning_Joe Are you aware of the fact that the Treasury Department has changed their policy on organization with tax exemptions no longer have to make their donors names public.  Rachel Maddow stated that was to allow Russia and Alexandr Torshin to funnel money thru NRA to GOP .
@SenateMajLdr  Personally I am hoping you continue to procrastinate , because I'm a Democrat and would never even consider being a Republican . Republicans have always been blinded by greed, discrimination and exploitation , which are all against my principles .
@SenateMajLdr Blinders are for race horses, not politicians . Trump has brought a ton of corruption to your party, will act before Trump destroys your party or are you going to wait until it is too late .
@SenateMajLdr  There seems to be no shortage of corruption brought to the Republican Party since Trump was elected President , and no shortage of corruption your Senate should investigate before it blows up in your face . When will you wake up, before Trump brings you down ?
@SenateMajLdr  Vladimir Putin asked Trump to stop the US/North Korean Military drills, why not have Congressional Hearings? Russia funneling $60million to Trump's 2016 Presidential Campaign through a Sanctioned Russian Bank controlled by Aleksandr Torshin, friend of Maria Butina.
@SenateMajLd r  The IRS has now stated the NRA no longer needs to disclose the names of its donors since Robert Mueller has begun to investigate Russian Money from a sanctioned Russian Bank flowing to the NRA , which contributed $60million to Trump's 2016 Presidential Campaign .
@RepAdamSchiff   Why did our State Department pay the Trump Company $65,000.00 for Trump to stay at his Turnberry Golf Club . The Turnberry Club is listed as SLC Turnberry Limited and Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr. are listed as directors, according to The Hill .
Government paid $65K to Trump company for Scotland stay https://t.co/M05BPrvYYu Why does our Government continue to pay for Trump to stay at his properties .
Government paid $65K to Trump company for Scotland stay https://t.co/M05BPrvYYu
I just sent McConnell and Ryan about 6 tweets trying to wake them up to that fact and warned them that Trump is dangerous and treacherous . https://t.co/jtGyYtgOd8
@SenateMajLdr  How much do you know that was said between Trump and Putin ? Don't you remember Trump told Lavrov and Kislyak the name of an Israeli Undercover agent ? Trump is dangerous don't act naïve . The American people and our allies are counting on this Congress to defend .
@SpeakerRyan  Trump is compromised by Russia and/or Putin . Trump really is Putin's "Poodle" , bought and paid for how many more Republicans are compromised by Russians or Putin . Mueller's indictment on 7/13/2018 mentioned one but didn't name them, you need to investigate.
@SpeakerRyan That attempt by Trump to clarify his mistakes from Helsinki is BS . He didn't convince anyone that he said one word wrong that is BS . He didn't convince anyone that was a joke , we aren't stupid and you have a big problem  The World is watching and allies wait .
@SpeakerRyan  I think the idea that Trump thinks the American people are stupid enough to believe he left one word out is BS . I am not insulted I am angry because you all think we are stupid Bull Shit . You all will pay for this if you don't take your own actions to defend us .
@SenateMajLdr  I find the very idea that Trump thinks the American people are stupid enough to believe that one word would change what Trump meant to say in Helsinki is ludicrous . Trump is a liar 10.5 times a day everyday . I am insulted not stupid .
Rand Paul sides with Trump on Russia, says critics 'motivated' by dislike of president https://t.co/6GLcwboSpu  Proof you're a whitehead pimple on America's *ss .
@Morning_Joe  That Sean Hannity interview after the Helsinki meeting, between Trump and Putin , made me sick to my stomach . Did you notice the expression on Putin's face immediately after Putin's meeting with Trump, when they first walked up to the podium .
@Morning_Joe  All of those Republicans who are protecting the guilty party are complicit in a conspiracy to commit treason and many Republican members of the congress are circling the wagons to defend their comrade and they are complicit in a treasonous act against their oath .
@Morning_Joe If you haven't read the Mueller Indictment, someone serving in the House as a Republican has been compromised by obtaining Democratic Party Analytics and using that stolen information to further their own career and the other Republicans are protecting that person.
@MorningJoe,   If you haven't read Robert Mueller's indictment from Friday July 13, 2018 , someone in the Republican Party, now serving in Congress was an unnamed co-conspirator by using stolen Democrat Party Analytics, to further their own career .
@JoeNBC The only question left open is how far up the chain of the Republican Party does this go ? The Republican Party is complicit with a foreign adversary and there is no way to put lipstick on this pig . Some people in the Republican Party have been compromised .
@JoeNBC  Your former Republican Party is circling the wagons to defend each other, probably because most of them don't know which one of them has been caught but some of them, perhaps many of them have used stolen Democrat Analytics . They will be charged in line with treason.
@JoeNBC  Joe, get ready for the shock of your life time, did you not read Robert Mueller's indictment from Friday July 13, 2018 ? Your former Republican Party has been compromised . Someone in the Republican Party has been compromised by Russian assets and is guilty of treason .
Trump still has two or three loyal supporters. Sean Hannity, Vladimir Putin and maybe Melania , well she shouldn't count because she knew what she was getting and went ahead and married him anyway . https://t.co/r4XK3pgK3v
How many Republican Politicians and GOP Operatives have been corrupted by Russian Blood Money , wittingly or unwittingly ?
How many of the Republicans in Congress now , not speaking out, do you think have received political campaign contributions and stolen voter information from Facebook will be traced back to Russia or Vladimir Putin ? We must now question everyone who remains silent on Trump/Putin
Putin had to do some Creative Financing to get his $60million contribution to the Trump Presidential Campaign Fund , so he donated to Trump thru the NRA .  (to not draw attention to the large contribution). https://t.co/8OuEYo0Fua
After Trump congratulates Putin on his "best ever" World Cup Trump immediately begins to blame past American Presidents for the bad US/Russia relationship . Putin has already won this meeting .
How ever Trump's base reads this meeting , the Republicans in Congress will follow their lead . https://t.co/76dFgwe90D
I couldn't help but think about the way Trump started his meeting with NATO and how  he began attacking our NATO allies as soon as he arrived in Brussels . T hen , Trump goes to Helsinki and praises Putin for the World Cup held in Russia. https://t.co/iWV4njIpWW
Did Trump hire Black Rock to guard the immigrant children and families being held in Trump Jails ? https://t.co/bhlBN0ij7h
@Morning_Joe Trump has already lost the Upper hand in this meeting by Putin being late to the meeting with Trump .
@Morning_Joe  I noticed Vladimir Putin took his Suit coat off when he got off of his airplane and handed it to one of his aides and then he put his suit coat back on after he arrived at the Helsinki Palace . His aides probably loaded the coat with eaves dropping equipment .
@realDonaldTrump "Baby Trump" you are meeting with the commander of the Russian Spies who attacked our 2016 election and stole the personal Voter information of 500,000 Citizens of Illinois and tried to break into 27 other states voter registration files . Will you defend them ?
@realDonaldTrump  "Baby Trump" everyone wants to know , since you said you had no set achievables for this meeting with Putin why are you giving him his photo op with to show his comrads in the GRU . You know the ones who attacked our 2016 election .
@realDonaldTrump You're a lying sack of dog crap , Obama called Putin on the Red Phone in the Oval Office and told Putin to stop interfering in the 2016 election in July or August 2016 . Right after your campaign staff met with Putin Lawyer in Trump Tower Jr. said"I love it."
Trump's thought process doesn't go to the people of the United States , Trump's thoughts begin and end with Trump . https://t.co/Sb8aUqOHHf
What dark moments , Trump's mind is always focused on himself , is that dark enough ? https://t.co/WkSAOiCVoi
Putin-Brexit, Putin-Trump , Putin-Novichok . What if Putin has GRU contaminate some documents or photographs with Novichok and has Trump pull the documents out of an envelope . What if Putin gives Trump a gift box to take home, to the White House, full of Novichok . https://t.co/l35VulYD7x
To be decided at a future date . I never, ever thought I would say this but I have been praying , every night for 19 months , for some divine intervention . I had always believed  humans controlled their own destiny , but now I believe divine intervention would be welcome relief. https://t.co/9QyEwavQrg
@RandPaul  You're a freaking pimple on Kentucky's *ss , does Trump pay you some of his laundered Russian Mafia money to get you flip from one position to another because you obviously have no principle to guide you . You must be paid to flip flop .
@RandPaul  Don't you get tired of this stupid game you play everytime you get the opportunity to get your stupid face in front of a camera you pull this stupid trick , everyone has caught on to your ignorant, stupid games so please just stop wasting our time .
@PressSec @CNN @POTUS Anyone that lies to the American People at least 10 times a day everyday deserves no respect from anyone, someone that tries to divide the American people everyday and disrespects the Traditions of the American way of life with every breath he breathes deserves nothing but scorn
@carolecadwalla  I just finished reading your entire article in today's paper and it was truly a magnificent piece of journalism . Congratulations .
Look at those faces , I wouldn't buy a pencil from either one of them . If one of these things approached me on the street I'd switch to fight mode instantly , they both look like freaks from Mars . https://t.co/zdVXshfeFz
I want to know how much Trump will give Putin to get Putin to help Trump in the 2018 Mid-term elections . Crimea and the Ukraine? Crimea and the Ukraine plus Syria ? Plus end all sanctions ? https://t.co/Iu2599T1E3
Yeah, and Trump and Putin are having a love-in in Helsinki tomorrow . We'll be able to hear the lip-smacking all the way over here in Louisville, Kentucky . https://t.co/b05BWoHtWN
Pretty Big? They are both in Russia , I learned a long time ago "Adjectives are relative" . https://t.co/9mAhWFQKqx
@KTDyson87  You don't know me and I don't know you, but I felt I must write you and offer my sincerest congratulations , on you reaching this goal , Doctor Dyson .
@realDonaldTrump    You're the one causing division in America . You're the one who is an embarrassment to the United States . You the one who has only stolen from the United States and never given anything back to equal what you have taken . You are a Traitor, Liar and Thief .
@realDonaldTrump   By the way Judge Sabraw is going to rule your Administration is in Contempt of his Ruling . I hope he fines you , personally, $1million per day for each child who is not reunited with their parents , per day . That is  my prediction .
@realDonaldTrump  You can't do that because you're not smarter and a better President of the United States than Barrack Obama . You're just a treasonous, Con-person(not a man) that is full of BS, that can't stop lying for fear people will learn what you really are; hollow shell .
@realDonaldTrump O.K. so prove you're smarter and a stronger President than Barrack Obama and do better than he did and confront Putin, tell him we'll roll back Russian sanctions if he hands over 12 GRU agents, stops election meddling and gets out of Ukraine, Crimea and Syria .
Gowdy to Trump: Ask Putin where 'we can pick up the 25 Russians"' https://t.co/OZcesFyzkC
Trump closed little-known door for family reunification, leaving refugees stranded https://t.co/YxtDoMdGXR
@SenateMajLdr   I heard you used to have a portrait of Henry Clay in your office , I don't believe he would have approved of your current actions . You are going down a narrow path, that can't succeed .
@SenateMajLdr  The whole Republican Party is starting to look like you are only interested in keeping your shrinking Constituency together and stealing the prosperity of average Americans to give to Corporate elite and creating a wealthy class to rule. The antithesis of democracy
@SenateMajLdr  I thought your title was "Leader" when are you going to start leading the Senate to defend our allies of 60+years and support the Treaties we've had to defend the US against Russian aggression, you've done nothing to keep our allies together you're weak .
@SpeakerRyan  When are you spineless, treasonous Republicans going to stop supporting and covering up for Trump and start defending and standing up for the US and our true allies around the world . You all are allowing Trump to shame our allies of 60 years and coddle Putin .
Having given the meeting in Helsinki more thought I have decided Trump should put more sanctions on Russia, when Trump gets back to the US . Trump should then tell Putin we will ease the sanctions when we see he is not meddling in elections, pulls out of Crimea, Syria and Ukraine
Everyone should read this Palmer Report and remember it every time Trump pulls another stupid distraction . The Federal Judge in California who is presiding over the "Zero Tolerance" case stated Friday that the Trump Administration is acting in contempt of his court order . https://t.co/NOu9epcGvN
Everyone should read this Palmer Report and remember it every time Trump pulls another stupid distraction . The Federal Judge in California who is presiding over the "Zero Tolerance" case stated Friday that the Trump Administration is acting in contempt of his court order .
No doubt Melania looked puzzled, because she is so used to the smell . https://t.co/VxgSDB1cFr
I can tell Trump didn't write that because there are no misspellings or improper diction https://t.co/dhL17EZb0H
Trump knows no shame . He will sell anyone or anything to get his Trump Moscow . That includes selling the US out to His Little Puty . https://t.co/8VCQ0TQFVh
Trey Gowdy knows that is not going to happen , because the 25 Russians are Training at Mara Largo . https://t.co/GClD3GDIlr
@TGowdySC   You should know the 25 Russians are living at Mara Largo .
Trump probably did leave for Scotland the day before Brexit , or at least that was what he told Melania . But, he probably went back to Moscow , to hook-up with Putin's prostitutes, before he went to Turnberry . https://t.co/fQwDmB2ydv
I think we should make Trump take his Oath of Office two or three times a day just so he is reminded what exactly he signed up for . https://t.co/d4DmaewLDM
Go out and buy a $1.00 spiral notebook every time you see a Republican politician defend Donald Trump and/or his actions write their name down and vote against them . https://t.co/qzcZG39Am4
Russia bought the NRA during the 2016 Presidential Campaign and this jerk-wad is a paid consultant . https://t.co/aL6mwbfQD5
Russia bought the NRA during the 2016 Presidential Campaign and this jerk-wad is a paid consultant .
Trey Gowdy should know the 12 Russian spies are living at Mara-Largo and he should know they have been living there since the 1990s . That was why "Baby Trump" bought the place to begin with, he knew it would make a great Russian Training Facility . https://t.co/mfIEnBv6Y6
@SpeakerRyan  You should know you can't wait this out, you must come out from under your rock and demand that Trump bring those 12 Russian Agent back to the US to stand trial .
@SenateMajLdr You need to come out from under that rock you're hiding under and start protect our country . Stand up you poor, pitiful piece of crap . Stop hiding and act .
@SenateMajLdr  You and  Paul Ryan will be held accountable for whatever happens from this point forward .
@SenateMajLdr  Our country has been attacked by Russia since 2016 and you have done nothing, are you involved with Trump and Moscow, if not you need to do something to help protect our country and stop being such a coward .
@SenateMajLdr    When are you going to stop defending Trump. the Traitor and start defending our country ? Trump should not come back to the United States without the 12 GRU Russian Intelligence Agents form Putin .
@SpeakerRyan  You weak ass SOB you can't hide forever it is your duty to defend our country . You have to call Trump out before the Russians attack us again, it will be your fault if you don't act , now .
@SpeakerRyan  Stop being so damn phony and instead be a man and make the difficult choice to stand up against the tyranny Trump has brought to our country . You can't hide forever , you spineless piece of crap it is your fault we are where we are, because you are too weak .
@SpeakerRyan    You spineless SOB you have got to stand up for our country and tell Trump to tell Putin to hand over the 12 GRU Russian Military Agents who  hacked the 2016 election .You need to stand up for country and be a Patriot .
@SenateMajLdr   It is time for you and Speaker Paul Ryan to grow a backbone and stand up for your country and demand Trump tell Putin to hand over the 12 GRU agents who hacked our 2016 election, so they can stand trial for their crimes .
@SenateMajLdr  You need to come out of your Turtle shell and say something to the American people are you on the American side and demand Trump tell Putin to hand over these 12 Russian agents who hacked America's 2016 election or be on Putin's side with Trump .
@SenateMajLdr  Hey, Turtlehead where are you hiding ? Shouldn't you be telling "Baby Trump" how bad it is looking for him to be meeting with Putin, in light of Mueller's indictments of 12 Russian GRU, Russian Military Intelligence Agents, for hacking our 2016 elections ?
Where are all the Congressional Republicans hiding ? They can not possibly all be hiding under one rock . Where is Senator Mitch McConnell , He couldn't possibly be hiding his big fat turtle head in his shell . https://t.co/As2FAN2iqS
@realDonaldTrump  On July 27, 2017 , hours after you requested the Russians to search for the 30,000 missing Clinton e-mails , these 12 Russians began spearfishing the  Clinton campaign , to break into the Democratic servers . The ball is in your court , you must confront Putin .
@realDonaldTrump  Your first responsibility is to defend the United States, now you must fulfill your Presidential duty and demand the Putin turn over the 12 GRU agents who hacked our 2016 election . Putin should not get away with this . You can't blame Obama for this .
@realDonaldTrump   You're lying to the world , the Sun has a recording of your interview . You're an idiot Rupert Murdock showed you to be a liar .
@realDonaldTrump   Your ignorance is on display for the world to see , you're an embarrassment to the United States .
@realDonaldTrump   Every one here in America knows you're going to meet Putin to ask for his help so you and other Republicans win in November , because you're a traitor going to sell America out to Putin .
@realDonaldTrump   You're a lying old fool . Macron already said you lied about what happened in Brussels .
Donald Trump Jr. is a greasy weasel . Donald Trump Jr.'s greasy hair looks like the dirty grease I used get out of my wheel bearings . https://t.co/BoACRS5vyr
@realDonaldTrump   "Baby Trump" needs changing its diaper is wet . "Baby Trump" wants to land so it can have a temper tantrum , because its diaper is wet and needs changing .
@realDonaldTrump  "Baby Trump" is flying over London , while tweeting .
@realDonaldTrump   Your over inflated "Baby Trump" blimp is flying high over London, while tweeting it's diaper is wet . "Baby Trump" blimp is crying because its diaper is wet .
Trump's advisors tried to get Trump to not meet with Putin but Trump insisted on meeting with Putin and that should show everyone that Trump is conspiring with Putin and has all along. Trump could not be stopped from meeting with Putin because Trump wants Putin here to help him .
Trump is meeting with Putin to make sure Russia will interfere in our election this fall . The Russians were here interfering in 2016 election and Trump has allowed them to remain here to continue to sew the seeds of discontent and spread doubt about our democratic process .
Any one who has ever doubted that Trump has colluded , is colluding and will collude with Putin to dissolve or destroy the United States as we have come to know it , just has to know Trump is going to Helsinki , Finland to ask make certain Russia will help him in 2018 election .
I was amazed last night when on one of the MSNBC evening shows a Russian Government Official stood on the floor of the State Duma or the Federation Council and thanked President Trump for dividing the European Union, NATO and the American people and stated Putin should thank him.
Vladimir Putin is smiling ,while he is watching this inquisition of a man who sacrificed he entire adult life serving our great nation . The next time a Republican talks about the division in our country I will tell them to read "Baby Trump's" twitter feed before they lecture . https://t.co/Oo5Jzo7e1a
Any one who is surprised by the actions of this Administration is not paying attention . The fundamental principle of the Republican Party is to support their industrial base , they believe they should cut business and corporate share of taxation and place that burden on people. https://t.co/FBNkN8cUgb
But they know they must stick together , because they all have things to hide . They all know they have to cover-up the money they received from Russia . The whole Republican Party is culpable because the whole Party received a share . https://t.co/OVkgWHyG3K
Weak people are full of bluster to hide their true weaknesses . I used to run with an "Outlaw" motorcycle gang and there I heard a saying I used the rest of my life " I am not bad , but the bad don't f*ck with me" . Don't step on a Rattlesnake , make a circle around it . https://t.co/IfIRCPzlpS
Do Jeffrey Beauregard  Sessions "Yoda" and President Trump "Baby Trump" have plans to take down the Statue of Liberty .  The Statue of Liberty is a symbol of America's policy of accepting all immigrants who come to America just to seek a better life . https://t.co/gPvdfYouvd
"Baby Trump" is Putin's favorite puppet . Putin calls "Baby Trump" everyday and they make plans for how they are  going to divide the World . Remember every time "Baby Trump" does or says something outlandish Putin was the one who inspired that outlandish behavior . https://t.co/XBdOtDEgBt
"Baby Trump" stole over 3,000 babies from their mothers at the border and now "Baby Trump" is sadistically using these babies as displays to show other mothers in Central America this is how America will treat you if you seek legal asylum from death  in your home country .
@morningmika   Their has never been a thoughtful policy from "Baby Trump" it just acts and then his staff must cover it up . There are still almost 3,000 immigrant babies somewhere in America separated from families to deter other immigrants from coming to America .
@morningmika   Mika , I know you know as well as I do that Trump never has a process . There was never a process behind "Baby Trump's" "Zero Tolerance" policy . It was never a policy it was just "Baby Trump" acting impulsively , as he always does , then his staff  scurried to fix
Trump is changing his slogan from " Make America Great Again"(MAGA) to his new slogan which is "Make Russia Great Again"(MRGA) . Trump is following in his heroes foot steps .
Now, Trump is making excuses for his own actions . https://t.co/notnImugCX
Very well spoken as always . https://t.co/7vmWQEzfjk
@SenWhitehouse  Just wanted to ask if you were aware of Judge Brett Kavanaugh's $200,000 Credit Card debt on three credit cards and a loan   company, which he owed in 2016 and paid off in 2017 without any explanation . The story is in the Washington Post .
Poll: Barack Obama the Greatest President of Our Lifetime https://t.co/nGoRAIMjuj via @intelligencer
Poll: Obama tops list ranking best president in Americans' lifetime https://t.co/smYNlORhG6    No surprise to me .
Poll: Obama tops list ranking best president in Americans' lifetime https://t.co/ltVIfUYeJj
America has to stand up to the tyranny we are facing or we are going to lose all of our Civil Liberties . Rise up America , Rise up .
@SenateMajLdr  You started the disrespect when you were in that Restaurant and declared it was your job to deny Obama any Legislative Victory . You started this war . You get nothing, except grief .
@SenateMajLdr  Open your mouth, you have a lot to swallow .
@SenateMajLdr   Your statement about Democrats needed to treat you SCOTUS selection with respect is laughable after you started the WAR . F*CK You in your mouth . This war has just begun . Merrick Garland deserved a hearing . Up yours .
Please , Retweet, everyone needs to read this cartoon . https://t.co/Q3MNn6caIU
Morning Joe I hope you are reading this . https://t.co/YIbD7qHgHw
I told my brother three weeks ago , when it was made public that Judge Kavanaugh didn't believe a President should be "bothered" by a subpoena , I knew then Trump would pick him . This is Trump's guilt slapping us in the face , so he is protecting himself above all else .
Judge Kavanaugh's statement that a President of the United States should not bothered by a subpoena was exactly the one reason Donald Trump selected him , because Trump knows he is guilty of treason and Judge Kavanaugh is his "get out of jail card".
This is a Flat out lie . I Tweeted three weeks-ago, when Judge Kavanaugh's stand on the President of the United States being subpoenaed was an imposition and that he believed that was Unconstitutional , I know he would be the Choice of President Trump, because Trump is Guilty . https://t.co/zw9iavIgzJ
I will boycott "Baby Trump's" prime time TV Special Apprentice Supreme Court Edition tonight at 9:00 PM. I will watch anything on TV except  Apprentice Supreme Court Edition . I will watch a movie, The Science Channel , The Discovery Channel , even Wrestling . Learn on local news
@SenateMajLdr   You Puke Faced Republicans all lie as much as Trump 6.5 times a day, everyday . You should be worrying about what "Baby Trump" will give to Putin instead of trying to distract the Democrats with your lies . You old fool, you won't be able to go outside, soon .
@SenateMajLdr   You hypocritical old fool , you standing on the Senate Floor berating the Democrats for being Hypocritical after you denied President Obama the ability to nominate a moderate Supreme Court Justice . You're the hypocrite .
Trump Has Decided on Supreme Court Nominee, After a Morning of Seeking Advice https://t.co/5Yvua8AUBP
@SenSchumer  Why aren't you'll filing official charges against President Trump , because his "Zero Tolerance" policy was contrary to the 14th Amendment of our Constitution . If we let him do it once he'll try to do it again .
This is what the right is best at stalling, throw unrelated objections in the way to distract from the dispute . These children won't be reunited, because of "Baby Trump" and his total lack of empathy . He doesn't care if we have to keep these babies in foster care forever . https://t.co/ifdCUn1Qgu
The whole Republican Party is turning into an organization to support child abusing/molesting misogynists . https://t.co/sq9LEPmTSO
@RandPaul   You are a transplanted embarrassment to Kentucky . You are responsible for allowing "Baby Trump" to steal 12 month old babies from their mothers and deporting the parents back to Central America, and keep the babies in chain link dog cages, forever foster care .
@RandPaul   You spineless worm , when are you going to step up and denounce "Baby Trump's" policy of stealing 12 month old babies from their mother and putting them in chain link dog cages and deporting their parents back to Central America . Republicans=Child Molester/Abuser .
@SpeakerRyan  Do you child molesting Republicans even care that "Baby Trump" has stolen 12 month old babies from their mothers, legally seeking asylum, at our border and deported the parents, so now we will have to provide for those babies forever . Babies in chain link dog cages
@SpeakerRyan  Do you child molesting Republicans even care that "Baby Trump" stole 12 month old babies from their mothers legally seeking asylum in America and put the babies in chain link dog cages and deported their parents , to never reunite them .
@SpeakerRyan   The Grand old Republican Party is now a shameful group of child molesters like Rep. Jim Jordan(R-Oh) and "Baby Trump" stealing 12 month old babies from their mothers and putting the babies in dog cages made of chain-link fence .
@SpeakerRyan  I guess since you got your bribe money from Sheldon Adelson there is no reason for you to do anything . All your bribe money allows you to justify "Baby Trump" to steal babies from their mothers and put the babies in dog cages made of chain-link .
@SenateMajorityL   I guess as long as you get your bribe money from lobbyists you will allow anything .
@SenateMajorityL   How long are you going to support a child molester  Rep. Jim Jordan(R-Oh)and allowing "Baby Trump" to put babies in chain-link dog cages . I guess as long as you get your bribe money for your silence I you will allow anything .
@SenateMajorityL   This must be a fake account because you are supporting that child molester Rep. Jim Jordan(R-Oh) .
@SenateMajorityL  So much for the Family Values I always heard you Republicans care about . I guess all those Campaign Slogans were just Campaign Slogans and Trump's Republican Party is proud to support child molesters , like Rep. Jim Jordan(R-o=Oh) .
@SenateMajorityL  Are you going to allow Paul Ryan to let Republican Party have another Roy Moore situation with Rep. Jim Jordan(R-Oh) ? The Republican Leadership in this Congress is always willing to point your fingers at Democrats but allow your to molest children .
@SpeakerRyan  Don't you care about what happens to school kids who are left to the care of Adults in House of Representatives ? This will be another Roy Moore for the Republican Party .
@SpeakerRyan  Were you and the whole Republican Congress involved in any way of covering-up for Rep. Jim Jordan(R-Oh) in his child abuse scandal . This is in your lap . Your responsible for the conduct of your members in the US House . The parents of children are watching you.
Rep. Paul Ryan always reminded me of a worm . https://t.co/iWbROtxrQt
I refuse to give "Baby Trump" the privilege of me watching his photo-op Tonight when "Baby Trump" selects his Supreme Court Justice I refuse to watch him . He makes want to puke so I will learn who he picks after his Apprentice Scotus Edition .
A young Frenchman turned the tide in our Revolutionary War with England . The French Armada kept the English Navy from destroying our Ports . This Marquis name was Marie-Joseph Paul Yves Roch Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette . He was a friend of George Washington . https://t.co/TVbknOkE9B
Rudy Giuliani knows "Baby Trump" is a coward , that is why they keep coming up with ways to avoid testifying . "Baby Trump" can't help himself he is a habitual liar . 7 times a day every day "Baby Trump" lies . That is why they can't allow him to testify . https://t.co/4eqFfJWXEV
RT @SenSanders: Listen to these Patriotic Millionaires: it's patriotic for the very wealthy and corporations to want to pay their fair shar…
I can't read Russian but does that banner read: "We Got Them"? https://t.co/H6Ulur6fbD
@sarahkendzior  I have often wondered if there was a there there when Chris Christie was the US Attorney for NJ . I read between the lines that he was warned the Feds were getting hot on his Casinos and he had to sell them at a loss because of all the heat . Someone(CC) warned ?
@sarahkendziore  I have always enjoyed reading everything I can find , that you have written . I to have read a lot material on the topic of Trump corruption . I have read, before it was scrubbed , on Wikipedia about all the NY Mafia laundering there money at his NJ Casinos .
Governments should not interfere in decisions concerning a woman's health decisions . https://t.co/Em7MxtMuVH
As a concerned adult male , this has always been the reason I support a woman's right to choose and for her to make that decision . The woman is the one who has to live with the final decision , not me, not her Doctor and certainly not some 80 year old politician . https://t.co/fMiEsarQH6
Every one needs to do everything we can do Individually. I have e-mailed both my Senators and my Congressional Representative and I am Boycotting "Baby Trump's" Supreme Court Justice Nominee Television Special version of the Apprentice . https://t.co/Sqz2sesx4Z
Every one should Boycott the "Baby Trump" Supreme Court Justice nomination by watching a TV Channel that is not covering the selection until after 10:00 PM or 11:00 PM .Don't give "Baby Trump" the TV Ratings he so desperately wants .
I  am not going to give "Baby Trump" the TV ratings he is wanting , therefore I will be watching a movie channel , the Science Channel, History Channel and then I will get on the computer at 10:00 PM to find out who "Baby Trump" has nominated , to be Supreme Court Justice .
Putin owns "Baby Trump", Putin changes "Baby Trump's" diapers and breast feeds him . https://t.co/Ieje6qCUgT
way everyone in your Administration spends our money . Why in the Hell are you meeting with Putin by yourself . We demand you have a notetaker so the American know what is said .
"Baby Trump" corruption is when your Administration spends the money the taxpapers trust in tour hands to be spent with great care to make sure you spend our money wisely and prudently . Not to spend our money foolishly on items that are expensive . You are responsible for the
know that . Was Rudy Giuliani drunk on TV yesterday , or is he overmedicated . He said Robert Mueller's investigation was corrupt . That was hilarious, for your Representative calling Mueller Corrupt after all the corruption in your Administration . Or are you just too stupid to
Baby @realDonaldTrump Where are you and Chickenshit McConnell hiding all of 2,300 Central American Babies , that you stole from their Mothers . If you had any brains at all you would have known there is a legal way to stop Immigration to the United States . You are too stupid to https://t.co/RP39YxZly2
‘Where are the babies, Mitch?’: McConnell pursued from restaurant by angry crowd https://t.co/dEJ5lxshuk
" Baby Trump" can not be trusted alone with Putin, "Baby Trump" is not smart enough to meet Putin  , without someone else in the room . Don't forget "Baby Trump" has already given Putin the identity of an Israeli informant while the Russians were visiting the White House .
We can't allow "Baby Trump" to meet with Putin by himself  ,we the American people must demand to have a note taker in the room . We can't allow "Baby Trump" to lie to us again, if there is no American note taker how will we know what "Baby Trump" gives to Putin .
Hey, "Baby Trump" maximum pressure on North Korea is now gone . Your immaturity in international relations has destroyed all hope of a peaceful resolution to the North Korean Nuclear Missile threat . Good luck getting China to put pressure on North Korea during your Trade War .
Ladies and gentlemen that would drown the Turtle in his own Swamp . https://t.co/hYapT5uv4W
Senator Mitch McConnell always has his hand out for money, he will only get involved in a dispute if he can figure out a way to make money from his actions . The Original Swampthing , half chicken with Turtle head and Shell . He has to have a shell to hide his chicken head in . https://t.co/GYFHLqyJvM
Senator Mitch McConnell is one of my Senators , The Turtle with the Chicken Head and no heart , I have watched this SOB since he was County Judge Executive . Bribes , corrupt money, and staying in power, so he can keep receiving bribes from Big Money. Original Swampthing . https://t.co/GYFHLqyJvM
Everyone needs to check with their local Voter Registration Office to make sure we can Vote . Vote . Vote .
Trump is too scared to sit down with Robert Mueller so he is meeting with Putin to make sure the Russians are going to meddle in this November's election . Everyone needs to check your Voter Registration is up to date .
Everyday, everyway, every time . https://t.co/ebWEU2YbFc
Trump Trash .
Trump Trash stinks like a death .
@realDonaldTrump Trump Trash .
@realDonaldTrump Trump Trash , smells like garbage .
@realDonaldTrump Trump trash stinks , smells like garbage on a hot day .
Where are the 2,300 babies Trump stole from their mother's arms ?
If Rudy Giuliani is correct and President Trump is innocent of colluding with Putin and the Russian Government and their agents , then why in the hell is President Trump so afraid to allow Robert Mueller interview him ? Because Trump will either have to lie or plead the 5th .
All I want to know is who is going to change "Baby Trump's" diapers , while he flying around the world ?
It has been said in many different ways, at many different times and in many different places :" One nation under God, Indivisible with Liberty and Justice for all ." I always like to add "Amen" . I capitalize to emphasize the words . https://t.co/ELc3CKsksb
Our elected Democratic Representatives have fought every way possible for our Democratic Principles and we , the Democratic voters have let them down . Democrats have a bad habit of leaving the fighting up to our elected representatives, we the voters must fight everyday .
I registered to vote as a Democrat in 1971 , when I reached the legal age of 21. I have never voted for a Republican and as the party philosophies stand now, I never will vote Republican . We lost this Roe V Wade in 2010 when the lazy Democratic voters didn't support Barack Obama
Trump and Rudy are both lying , they both know Trump can't allow Mueller to interview Trump, because Trump Trash would have to lie to Mueller or take the 5th . It doesn't matter if Mueller has any proof of Trump Trash colluding with Russia or not , Trump Trash is a habitual liar
@realDonaldTrump   No one has charged you with anything , but you act guilty . You must be scared because you are acting scared . You're lying, you won't interview with Mueller because you know you would lie or plead the 5th .
You're a lying, fake, phony , Your Judgement Day is coming . https://t.co/PLJAECRAL9
Are you trying to convince Americans that you are concerned about the well being of children ? Why did you steal 2,300 children from their families and now you can't find them ? You're a cold-hearted SOB who doesn't care squat about anyone except yourself. Liar, fake, phony spin. https://t.co/PLJAECRAL9
@realDonaldTrump Hey, you old fool, I just saw Rudy Giuliani on Meet the Press and Rudy said you and he were confident enough in your ability to deal with Putin but he is not confident in ability to interview with Robert Mueller . How is that ? How much is Putin paying Rudy ?
Trump has to make a payment to Putin and he is a month late . That's why Trump is doing all these rallies . https://t.co/NbJ7889VA6
Mitch McConnell is one of my Senators and he always looks constipated , thats why he depends on his wife to defend him . https://t.co/NVhDQ03uCH
Do you consternated or constipated ? https://t.co/6j5olUkHiy
This sex abuse occurred sometime between 1979 and 1998 , so how did Rod Rosenstein , Hillary Clinton and the Steele Dosier get involved ? Seriously ? That sounds like someone grasping straws because they have nothing else . https://t.co/SB3P8WaOcq
What Hillary Clinton Law firm is he lying about . There is no Clinton law firm involved in this investigation . This law firm is the law firm representing Ohio State University . https://t.co/t47plazqGL
Jordan says Conversations in the Locker Room are different" . I'll bet they are Rep. Jim Jordan . Why don't you explain that to us , Because I never had that kind of dicussion in my locker room . https://t.co/SB3P8WaOcq
But they happened twenty years apart . https://t.co/SB3P8WaOcq
Because Trump and Putin have the same Principles . https://t.co/hFzELCJflR
1st Amendment of the Trumpkin Constitution . https://t.co/RsxyNZj3lv
Our  Commander in Chief likes to march around the White House Executive Bathroom in his underwear and Gestapo Black Boots while eating Big Macs and French Fries while Vice President Mike Pence is licking his boots to a spit shine .
The Great Mid Western Chapel of Love Thyself and the Hell with Everyone Else . https://t.co/RsxyNZj3lv
Donald J. Trump, alias Cadet Bonespurs likes to march around his Executive bathroom in his underwear eating Big Macs and French Fries while making Vice President Mike Pence lick his shoes to a spit shine .
@realDonaldTrump  Cadet Bonespurs likes to parade around his bathroom in his underwear ,eating BIG Macs and French Fries .
@realDonaldTrump  You're trash .
The Brits have raised $50,000 to fly their "Baby Trump" blimp around the world in honor of our honorless leader .
Trump has a complex against immigrants serving in the US Military because his "Daddy" had buy him five draft deferments during the Viet Nam War to keep "Little Donnie" from crying and throwing a temper tantrum , because he was too scared to serve in the War . https://t.co/m2kthIPcIU
He is acting guilty and besides that he looks like a pervert . https://t.co/zDQxGmAhGg
Lawsuit: Migrant child returned to parent with lice after 85 day separation https://t.co/UeFlLJOnC2
@didikins4life Believe it or not I had that same thought last week , it seems like one plague after another since Trump began his campaign . But the true plagues have not begun yet . These are only the beginning . The Biblical plagues got worse as they went along . Mother nature works for God .
Good, now you'll have something else to wear while march around your bathroom in your underwear . https://t.co/ylF8QGVwxq
@JesseKellyDC  Do you think right wing goony birds are the only ones who know how to buy a gun ?
Not only that but after 85 days in the custody of Trump's HHS a little baby boy 14 months old was covered with lice when returned to his mother . https://t.co/MmSwe7Wi92
The Hill is now reporting that Health and Human Services took a little boy away from his mother and after 85 days in the custody of our Government when the now 14 month baby was returned to his mother the baby was covered with lice .
@Morning_Joe  This is just the next step toward Trump's Authoritian rule of America . This is why Trump is not concerned about filling his vacant Cabinet positions . Remember he told us that what others think doesn't matter because he believes only his opinions matter, he'll fix
@Morning_Joe   Joe, I don't know if you are seeing this the way I see it . President Trump was feeling his Oats last night because he has found his Supreme Court Justice who won't allow him to be criminally prosecuted while he is president. He believes he will not be prosecuted .
@realDonaldTrump  You and your little criminal enterprise can't continue . We are coming after you and there is nothing that will stop us . We are going to take you and all your other Criminal Associates down . You are not going to win . We will chase you to the ends of the World
The Russians are going to be interfering in this election and we must not allow ourselves to be distracted by lies coming from Moscow or Washington, DC . We must just blindly vote Democrat .  Vote Democrat .
Democrats are going to have to be as blind as the Republicans always are . we have got to just vote for the Democrat . It doesn't matter what the Democrat states is their position we must just vote Democrat, we must make our vote Democratic no matter what is being said .
How much Russian Blood Money did they receive for making this trip to Moscow , so they conspire with the Russian Government in our up coming election. They are not fooling anyone . They went to Moscow to make certain Russia was going to interfere in our election . https://t.co/hV2N3MYEz4
It will be a Fascist Propaganda Machine . Just like Adolph Hitler's . https://t.co/uBYB9RQguG
Trump is so freaking stupid he doesn't even know what FSB and KGB stand for . He probably thinks those letters stand for TV stations . https://t.co/aEEpn1IvD4
President Obama was averaging 50 % in all 16 polls in December2016 and his disapproval was 42.3 average in all 16 polls for December 2016 . Trump's approval can't even match Obama's disapproval rating . https://t.co/3ssZ7Tqkuu
"No puppet , no puppet" . https://t.co/aEEpn1IvD4
America is infested with Trump . They're slithering from under every rock, and out of every sewer in America and the stench is overwhelming .
*sshole to *sshole heading down the back stretch . https://t.co/JsrdtUxy7u
Oh, so that was your brain, sorry . https://t.co/GgPUbht62g
.Of course Jim Jordan knew what was going on at OSU .  Rep. Jim Jordan(R-OH) was apparently right in the middle of this sex abuse case at OSU , but it'll take Rep. Paul Ryan(R-WI) six months to get the nerve to even ask Rep. Jim Jordan(R-OH) about this case . https://t.co/4UcISFRPA7
@realDonaldTrump   Your a disgusting Russian Pawn , owned by Putin . I guess you sent your other Republican crooks over to Russia to pick up their next cash payment for the delivery of America to Putin .
@realDonaldTrump  I flushed better crap than you down my toilet this morning .
@realDonaldTrump  You have screwed contractors out of their money in every Dump Tower , you named after you . How is that Panama Dump Tower doing . They threw you out, because you couldn't  run it . The New York Dump Tower is next .
@realDonaldTrump  Thanks to Republican leadership you were able to keep Scott Pruitt in his job so he could steal from the American people for six months before you could figure out a way to fire him without confronting him, because you are a coward and had someone else fire him.
@realDonaldTrump  You dropped out of your mother's *sshole , then she flushed the best part of you down the toilet . Your father ejacul*ted your best part down your mother throat, she got sick and threw up and you were hatched from it .
@KimStrassel  If want to talk about crooks just start naming Republicans . Trump is so crooked he has to name a special Supreme Court Justice just to prevent a special Prosecutor from sending him to prison for Treason and conspiring with a foreign adversary .
@KimStrassel  Scott Pruitt is just like your criminal President . Trump is so crooked he can't even keep staff to work for him .  I guess all you lousy stinking Republicans are crooks and that's is why you all take up for each other . You all need everyone else to watch you back.
@KimStrassel  How about just don't be corrupt and steal money from the hard working American tax-payers , by buying stuuf like $1500 pairs of tactical pant and $43,000 sound proof phone booths for your office . But I guess all Republicans are crooked and feel it is their right.
@SenJohnKennedy I respect you and the way you handle yourself and only wish you well . I like a  straight shooter and I believe you are one .
@SenJohnKennedy   Sir, I believe it would serve you all well if you all or some of you all held some kind of Press Conference and made a statement to express your intentions . The Russians really tried to discount your intentions and harm your images , these are trying times .
@SenJohnKennedy  Sir I believe you went to Russia with the best of intentions but I hope you will watch the interviews those Russians gave their TV viewers after you all met with them . Their interviews really made you all look weak and subservient to them, it really looked bad .
maker even said on Russian TV that they should look down at the American Representative and say you came here because you needed to be here , we didn't need you. Then the Russians said our Senators didn't speak about election interference and their visit was the Easiest they had
How about those seven Republican Senators and a Republican Congress person who spent their 4th of July  in Moscow making nice with Russian political leaders . I only hope they care enough about of country to look at how they are being portrayed on Russian TV . They may have to
drop by for a casual meeting , 4 months before the next opportunity for the Russians to interfere with another American election where their control and power in Congress are on the line .
I guess we are supposed to believe these 7 Republican Senators and a House Republican all just went to Moscow on the 4th of July for a "Good Will Meeting" with high ranking members of the Russian Government because they just happened to be in the neighborhood and wanted to just
Russia is seizing on a GOP trip to Moscow to carefully craft its narrative ahead of the Trump-Putin summit https://t.co/M9qXqA6skW
Mueller Taps More Prosecutors to Help With Growing Trump Probe https://t.co/4AswO1IrSG If you read this article you will see , Mueller has already gotten three convictions
Mueller Taps More Prosecutors to Help With Growing Trump Probe https://t.co/4AswO1IrSG
If the US is so short sighted as to think sending innocent people to the hands of MS-13 to be forced to serve the gang or be murdered is the best path forward , we are actually strengthening the gangs in the end , by giving them more people to force into criminal activity or die.
Denying entry to asylum seekers is against International Law and the US Constitution . Forcing asylum seekers to go break the law by lying to them and stating there is not any room is not the right way to deal with people running from death at the hands of MS-13 in Central Am .
Contrary to the lies being spread by this Administration, Democrats don't want drug smugglers, dangerous criminal gangs or illegal immigrants entering our country . There are correct ways to deal with these , but denying entry and separating families are not the answer .
ICE is getting a bad rap now because of policies delivered by this Administration . We need to give ICE better guidance rather than eliminate the agency . ICE has a good and just purpose, we need ICE to stop the criminal immigrants and stop the drug traffic, not asylum seekers .
We don't need to give the opposition huge red targets to shoot at by making proclamations without having a united pathway to obtain our ultimate united goal . We can debate more exact actions once we are in control . We don't need to erase government agencies without alternatives
Absolutely , 100% correct . Our principles can be arrived at after we overthrow the opposition and are able to debate the ultimate destiny . https://t.co/DYLyvD3K5s
Americans expressing their opposition to actions taken by their government is an expression of love for our democracy , acknowledging our ability to express our opposition to the people and their actions not the institution . Freedom of expression is given to us in 1st Amendment.
The NRA received a major cash infusion from Russia in 2016 and that has allowed them to exist for a couple more years but if anyone knows how to drain all of the money from a lobbying organization it is Sen. Mitch McConnell . https://t.co/BKcXG2DBvg
Brit Hume is working this like Trump, he attacks and then runs for cover and then after a few hours they'll climb back out of their hole and attack again and then run and hide etc. It is an endless loop . Attack, run and hide , attack run and hide . https://t.co/CbdGFBGVVy
@brithume If you support Trump you could not be patriotic . Trump sold this country out to Vladimir Putin . Stop lying to cover up for the Traitor who sold our country out to Putin .
@brithume  You aren't even good at being an imposter of a journalist . Your supposed to report the news not become the news . Don't created your own history , you aren't worthy of it .
@brithume Faux News must be going broke if they can't afford anyone more responsible than this old Fossil .
@brithume It must have just dawned on you that you are no longer relevant in the Nazi world of Trumpism so you must spawned the lies you are so noted for like "The Dems no longer love America" because they won't let our Fuhrer have his every desire . You weak old nothing . Fool .
The Nit Wit Nazi Brit Hume must have realized how inconsequential he has become , because he is the next right wing zealot to mimic the New Fuhrer and Democrats don't love America . We just don't like their Fuhrer Dumpf .
It's been three hours have they called you yet ? No, because you are lying . https://t.co/ZPys7tLxkT
You're the one causing Oil production to drop you idiot . You're putting sanctions on Iran is causing the global oil shortage . You're an such an idiot because you can't admit you caused it . https://t.co/ZPys7tLxkT
@realDonaldTrump Don the Con . Daddy couldn't get rid of you , packed you off to boarding school , but Don the Con cried to his Mommy "I want to come home, please mommy ". Pitiful sniveling, little brat couldn't get his way so he had a tantrum and cried to his mommy .
@realDonaldTrump Don the Con .
@realDonaldTrump  n"I'll know in 30 seconds" and Kim Jong-un played you like a $2.00 banjo . You think you're so much smarter than everyone else when it fact you get played by every other dictator in the world . Bing, bong,bling you must love the sting .
@realDonaldTrump  You stupid babbling old fool . No wonder your old man dumped you off in pseudo military academies so he didn't have to listen to your insanity .
You're an Idiot , who are you writing to ? You're just some babbling old fool who must like the sound of the rocks rattling in your head when you move your jaws . https://t.co/ZPys7tLxkT
@realDonaldTrump  You're Daddy buried you in the back yard but was too lazy to dig deep enough so you hatched and slithered up out of the ground and hatched your own spawn to spoil the world . Don the Con, more lizard than snake, foul of the earth .
@realDonaldTrump "Dufus the Dumpster"  is now officially running the most corrupt Administration in the history of the World . Congratulations Dufus . God You're the most disgusting thing ever hatched in America .  You momma must have found you in her toilet .
Is that Sen Mitch McConnell's wife he is talking to?  Scott Pruitt is from Kentucky, I hope no one holds that against me, I was here before him . He has no shame, just like Dufus the Dumpster in the White House . https://t.co/r50JLNzFIf
You didn't list Iran. Trump is pushing to put sanctions on Iranian Oil production and that along with Venezuela and Libya will cause there to be almost a 4 million barrel per day shortage in the global production . OPEC stated they may be able to increase 2 million barrels a day https://t.co/vaJWhMk3Ku
Partial truths and flat out lies have made Trump a billionaire . https://t.co/CaK51tvbpA
Yeah, but Trumpy the Clown goes straight to the Mexican Consulate to get his Illegals . That way he can just fly them in from Mexico on his private jet and void Customs at the border . https://t.co/hOmKMXV02l
Yeah, but Trumpy the Clown goes straight to the Mexican Consulate to get his Illegals . That way he can just fly them in from Mexico on his private jet and void Customs at the border .
OSU has retained the largest and most successful legal team in Ohio to Investigate this crime and I don't think that University wants to be held accountable for something if they can avoid it . MSU will be paying $500 million because 93 women accused Dr. Nassar of abuse . https://t.co/wiDuSUyUUB
Exactly what I was wondering .  How many of the Republican Senators who traveled to Moscow slept in the Obama Bedroom with the Trump/Russian Prostitutes at the Ritz/Moscow , and I wonder which one was the "Bag Man"? https://t.co/qHma6Ef07K
Chris Matthews "Hard Ball" they are discussing 2020 Presidential Candidates , How about Joe Biden/ Corey Booker ?
@jansplanet     I read the article on bio-plastic and thought  that was something the US should have  gotten into . But, instead some decided the United Sates needed  to elect a Neanderthal and now the rest of the world will  leave the US  in a cave  eating insects .
Good luck and Godspeed . https://t.co/dRblfyvm8Z
Trump Logic of the Yoda theory . https://t.co/ctMGCcKsT6
That's "Trump Funk" . That shitty, pissy smell people are talking about in NYC that's just the "Trump Funk" that was one of my first tweets . I tweeted it will take us probably ten years to get that "Trump Stench" out of the White House , probably twenty years for the East Coast. https://t.co/bFdqMrNB6r
Hey, its "Little Yoda". https://t.co/e4attbTpC6
The thing that makes America the greatest nation in history is that the United States is always changing , sometimes we screw up and make mistakes but we are able to purge the infection and the antibodies kick in and heal the wound , sometime surgery is required but we live on .
Today is Independence Day , Immigrants came to America because the Ruling Class told them who to marry, what Religion to believe , they "rented" land to them paid for by what they raised , taxed without representation, suppressed education, often stole their children for slaves
I just saw Warren Moon, The Great NFL Hall of Fame Quarterback, on MSNBC with Nicolle Wallace and he asked a good question . Why is it unpatriotic for African-American NFL players to take a knee during the National Anthem but OK for people to stand in concession lines for beer ?
Some people just take longer . Look at the person in the White House, 72 Years and still hasn't grown up . https://t.co/WeAE2rGpxR
Ali Vitali that is not fair. I lost it , I am now just a big puddle on the floor . https://t.co/KAXUSZsHUx
God Blesses all his little children . But, if this little Maya does not have a special place in Heaven then there are none . https://t.co/KAXUSZsHUx
Read them while you can , they're rapidly disappearing . https://t.co/7I3rDGxY9N
Well, "Trumpy the Clown" says he isn't a racist . https://t.co/eIGcxN33qp
I guess all the Republican Senators got tired of hearing Donald Trump bragging about how much money Vladimir Putin paid him for conspiring against the United States , they decided they had to go to Russia to receive their share of the Billions of dollars Putin has to bribe with .
Unfortunately I really am not surprised, I always heard while growing up that when someone is always going out of their way to accuse others and to cast doubt on established facts , they are doing so to conceal their own misdeeds . Their attacks are designed to conceal their sins https://t.co/KapqAWqCn7
@CCCathedralIndy The Word has Been Delivered . He has arrived . If Trump touches this he will be burned and scarred forever .
@irishgirl17th  I don't know what you all smoke in Ireland now but it must be killer . No US Uranium was ever shipped, given or sold to Russia . Please, get your head out of your *ss , so when you open your mouth you won't drown on your own feces .
SenJohnKennedy. https://t.co/VXZCRmJeIt
Can someone tell me he doesn't look like Yoda . https://t.co/HzJkyXQbLf
Yoda . https://t.co/HzJkyXQbLf
Now, we're talking . https://t.co/nDS7JKoOpT
Well, well what do know , they've been watching "Trumpy the Clown" , they've learned his tactics . https://t.co/T5IDh2HAdr
@Jim_Jordan   Hey, that is a pretty big sex scandal you got going on at OSU . 1500 to 2500 athletes sexually abused over twenty years  ,from 1978 to 1998, and you hid the truth from authorities , all that time ?
@Jim_Jordan   Hey, bud , Twitter is blowing up about your involvement in that sexual abuse scandal at OSU .
@Jim_Jordan I always heard when Republicans get in power , they always over reach .
Yeah, do what you said , pervert . https://t.co/c0L7ncq0jy
@Jim_Jordan   Rep. Mark Meadows know about this ? Any of your other colleagues know about this ? They got proof . Who Knew? Sexual abuse of athletes ?  Wow, that's serious.
@Jim_Jordan   Hey, Jordo , How's that little sex abuse scandal going ? You knew all about it ? They say they got proof you knew all about everything that happened , . Hey, ah, you weren't involved were you ? I mean they got proof , Republicans still believe in ethics, don't they?
@Jim_Jordan    Hey, Jordo the press says you knew all about all that sexual abuse going on at OSU , and were involved in it ,too .
Justice? Isn't it unusual that you equal the military with justice ? What are you going to do next , make our military your personal law enforcement agency ? That sounds like something a dictator would say . https://t.co/8GdBQN3BsJ
@realDonaldTrump "Trumpy the Clown " still  have that "Purple Heart" that real hero gave you a couple of years ago ? You know the one you said was "What you always wanted".
God Bless the Men and Women who serve our Great Nation , Trump is a disgrace and has no right to be in the same room with them . Trump's Father bought him five deferments to stay out of the Viet Nam War and they never found the "Bone Spurs "his "daddy" paid for . https://t.co/NqYmJI4UFi
@realDonaldTrump Is little "Don Don" getting angry, because he can't get all he wants ? Poor little "Don Don" going to throw a temper tantrum ? Poor little "Don Don" going to cry ? "Tiny hands Trump, and his little "Puty" going to kissy, kissy" . You're a sicko communist sucko .
@realDonaldTrump   Vladimir Putin f*cked your mother in her *ss and when she sh*t you fell out . Then Putin ate you and when he threw up you were born .
@realDonaldTrump   You're a communist sh*t eater . Your mother didn't give birth to you , you dropped out of her *sshole into a toilet . Yeah, that's right you were born a piece of sh*t .
The next time a Republican in Congress slithers out from under their rock I hope they have enough b*lls to hang around and answer some questions.
Fool, Trump will be in GITMO by the 9th . https://t.co/CKjHo7IsxP
At What point will Trump decide to dismantle the Statue of Liberty . Because it doesn't fit his vision of America ? I imagine the bill will be working through Congress this year or next .
@TGowdySC   Just wondering why is Trump so afraid he will only allow Faux News ask him questions ? Why is the whole Republican Party so afraid none of you will take Questions ?
@TGowdySC  I have more faith in  your judgement , rather than you allowing "Tweeky" Rep. Jim Jordan(R-OH) Bull Dog you into embarrassing yourself . But I guess you all need the money .
@TGowdySC  I thought it important that I tell you to read your President's Twitter feed before you even try to lecture anyone else about dividing the Country . 2 1/2 years investigating Ben Gazi and nothing . M ueller has 3 pleas, One conviction and 17 summons .Ben Gazi= nothing
Democrats need to create a policy before they give Trump a Big Red Bull's Eye like "Abolish ICE" . Come on be serious . Democrats need to go to a gun range and learn it does no good  to shoot if you don't aim your gun .
I had to move on from the Whiteboard  ,in my garage , to a computer program supported by Artificial Intelligence, guided by GPS software in 3 dimensions to track all of the criminality probably paying for abortions, physical assaults, child support, bribery, money laundering, etc
We didn't elect the Corrupt, criminal in the White House but we have to tolerate him , for a while . Watch him like a hawk , he is a criminal, crooked as the day is long .
Trump isn't even worried about what is going on , all the Marches mean nothing to him, because he is playing golf . He is spending his weekend at his golf course , playing golf .
Trump has corrupted the whole Republican Party he has bribed them all , Paid them off with Russian Blood money .
@HouseGOP   We are not going to allow Putin to destroy our nation . Get your head out of your ass and do your damn job . Putin must be giving Republicans a lot of money for Conspiring with him . You all are all crooked just like Trump .
@HouseGOP  So, you all are campaigning against Hillary Clinton ? Which office is she running for ? You have an Agent of the Russian Government in the White House and you are just letting him destroy our democracy .
The bad thing about people quitting is Trump will never replace them because he is dismantling the US Government , like Putin paid him to do . https://t.co/9pI4bkfiWH
Hannah Reitz I am seeing a Doctor about my body are you and your ilk going to pass a law to stop me ? I have to have physical Therapy so I can walk . Which one of your laws will make that illegal, I'm sure you'll make one . https://t.co/YmsVVIjtLG
I do not condone Concentration Camps for babies, I do not Condone Separating babies from their families and then deporting the families without the babies and I do not condone having a criminal in our White House .
Unfortunately the US is now under the Influence of a President who is drunk on Power, Ego and Cruelty . https://t.co/3ozmNiR8iA
The 2047 number of children in Trump's Custody is not right . There is another 2000 babies that were separated in the pilot program which began in November, 2017and ran until he started his "Zero Tolerance" program began in May of 2018 .
Unfortunately Trump has not yet reached the peak of his cruelty . We don't yet have a full view of what he has done , because he is hiding behind the institutions he is always banging on . We don't yet have the interment camps . https://t.co/vgXDhLU6zK
Trump's Cruelty, putting babies in cages and deporting their families,  makes my soul hurt and my Heart ache .
@ZerlinaMaxwell "Pretty in Pink", Pretty with pink . Love your insight and spirit .
My family was thrown out of England in the 1630s, because we  sided with King Charles I , that was after we defeated the French in Quebec . England changed Kings and we were banished to America . That is why people came to America, to escape persecution . Read your history .
Just remember we didn't elect the Immoral , criminal in the White House and he is minority President. We can not allow him to change the soul of our democratic Republic . The next thing you know he'll want to take down the Statue of Liberty, which he has never Visited .
When firing a hand gun you need a gun rest,  standing while firing is the hardest . https://t.co/lplSUHLd9t
This probably has something to do with Mueller asking to push back Michael Flynn's Court date . https://t.co/lEeINlFfBc
The people who didn't vote in 2016 got us where we are, we can't change the past . We can only change the future . We must be smarter and tougher, but we must also pick our fights. Our time and our place . We are not at the bottom yet . Vote . Trump has won until at least 2019
You'll are dreaming their is no way a Republican Senator will vote against Trump's SCOTUS pick, there are about 6 Democrats that vote for Trump's SCOTUS pick . We need to keep all of Democratic Senators in the Senate. I've been a Democrat since 1972, this is not where we die .
Those who didn't vote in 2016 gave us Trump, don't lie I know you're out there . This is your fault , you thought you were too cool, Yeh, well you ain't . You caused Trump, and now millions will suffer, millions more will be denied their liberties, we'll see is better off .
I like that word "spawn" , I forgot that word . I will use it . https://t.co/4Ve8d9B4YX
Excuses are why we are where we are . No more excuses , just vote . It just pisses me off because some people in Florida , waited in line to vote for hours and others who thought they were too cool , made excuses not to vote. No more excuses, people who didn't vote caused this .
I'm watching . We have got to get people to the poles , there can be no excuses . Last time people didn't vote because of this and because of that , but that ain't good enough , making excuses to not vote is no excuse . Excuses are why we are where we are . https://t.co/2d9kg9PFuG
@ZerlinaMaxwell   Some people didn't vote last time and we're all going to pay for it . I just worry for the other people who will be devastated , I'm an older white guy and don't have much to lose, it just hurts knowing what others could lose . I see the future based on the past
@ZerlinaMaxwell I just heard you on MSNBC, you're exactly right . I believe Trump will wait until after mid-terms so he isn't destroyed in the House . People shouldn't be fooled by Trump as much as he lies; 7 times a day . Just get every one to the poles .
The Conservative States are already lining up to start chopping up Roe Vs Wade . Texas has already cut back on the number clinics women have to chose from and gone to court to challenge women rights . Trump will probably wait until after mid-terms , to soften the response .
In other words Trump is running the White House just he ran his Casinos , as a front for a money laundering operation to legitimize what he does . Putin and Oligarchs steal from Russian people, Launder it buying legitimate investments through Trump , and he sells it back to them
Trump is running the White House exactly the same way he ran his casinos . He takes Russian Money in one side, launders it by investing in legitimate investments , and sells the Investment back  to the Russians as a legitimate investment, both sides make money and do it again . https://t.co/AVVttT8k93
John Harwood forgot Trump's biggest financial supporters and they are Vladimir Putin and several Russian Oligarchs . https://t.co/Xolf7BbQwq
Rep. Swalwell you're being to kind , That isn't misinformation that is propaganda . https://t.co/mBzsEiN3M9
I have all of Trump's and his Administration's Court dates arranged on a big whiteboard , I had to put my whiteboard in my garage because we couldn't get in three bedrooms and two baths , when the whiteboard was in the house . https://t.co/cuV94mr3HB
Justice must be swift , if you ever go to court against someone who is wealthy their attorneys will tie you up in court , they cause you to spend a ton of money and waste your because they have an army of attorneys , on retainer, hired to do just that. https://t.co/rB1gzgxzOr
Roe vs Wade will be challenged after the next election ,but it is done . It will be challenged in the next SCOTUS session . I am also worried about Health Care and voter's rights . Individual liberties will be greatly reduced in favor of Corporations and the wealthy .
As much as I hate to say this , Roe v Wade , will be challenged in the SCOTUS in the next session, if the defenders can not mount a sustainable defense, it will be gone . Don't forget Trump lies 6 1/2 times a day , everyday . There are about 6 or 8 states challenging it now .
@DeadlineWH    If anyone asks you why Trump is trying to Humiliate our European Allies it is because Trump knows the European Intelligence Agencies were warning the US Intelligence Agencies about the messages they had intercepted between Trump Associates and the Kremlin  .
In 2013 the Veteran's Administration began buying the land for a new Veteran's Hospital in Louisville, Kentucky and Senator Mitch McConnell put a stop on it . I guess he thought he should be paid more bribe money , for it . https://t.co/rN1bNwuaGz
That is fact , not a joke . https://t.co/HeP9GY7w9a
Trump has to marry Immigrant women because no American woman would marry him . They know his background . https://t.co/qz0rBlerCb
More 28,000 incidents involving firearms so far in 2018 in the United States . 154 Mass Murders in 180 days so far in 2018 just in the United States .
150 Mass Murders in 184 days of 2018 . https://t.co/8J1sPceghk
How can a person who received five draft deferments during the Viet Nam War , make this sick statement ? https://t.co/YgF89USqPN
This story is so wrong , the remains of our heroes don't deserve being lied about . How messed up does someone's mind have to be to falsely make that claim ? https://t.co/YgF89USqPN
The media will be here long after those idiots like Dana Loesch are fertilizing some one's garden . https://t.co/1Ta5TrE4aR
So Sorry for your loss , she looks so sweet . RIP, sweet girl . https://t.co/qMZxy0U26z
154 Mass Murders in the US so far in 180 days . The 5 people murdered in Annapolis, Maryland yesterday is more people murdered than by MS-13 all year long .
154 Mass Murders in the US so far in 180 days . If "Trumpy the Clown" would stop playing so much golf he could solve this issue .
For someone who campaigned on "Law and Order" "Trumpy the Clown" needs to walk the walk . 154 Mass Murders in 184 days . Where is "Trumpy the Clown" hiding at . Oh, that's right he is playing golf . Hey, " Trumpy the Clown" needs to stop playing golf and solve this problem .
@realDonaldTrump   "Trumpy the Clown" has had 154 Mass Murders so far in 180 days , in the US .
@realDonaldTrump  More than 28,000 incidents involving firearms reported so far this year . "Trumpy the Clown" ran on being strong on Law and Order . This is your 154th mass murder in  180 days .You're a pitiful leader if you can't solve this Epidemic of Mass Murders .
President Trump, the President who ran on being strong on law and order , is now having an epidemic of Mass Murder .
More than 28,000 reported incidents involving firearms so far in the United States in 2018
People have got to Vote . We are going to have a lot on the line . The Republican Party is getting ready to take away all of the Minorities Civil Liberties Americans had better wake Up and start Registering to Vote and then get out and Vote . Civil Liberties will be lost .
"Trumpy the Clown" and the Jack Boot Thugs in his Immigration Bureau are sending Three Year Old children, who can't speak or understand English , to Deportation Court to Represent themselves in their Deportation Hearings .
"Trumpy the Clown" and his immigration Kangaroo Courts are sending three year old Children to court to represent themselves at their immigration hearings ., without Representation .  How is this right ? Three Year old Children who can't even speak English .
This is genius , we may lose this SCOTUS Justice appointment but we can change that by winning elections and increasing the number of Supreme Court Justices . This will then put the power back in the people's hands . We can save all of this in 2020, but people have got to vote.
This is exactly what the Democrats need to do, if Sen Mitch McConnell appoints Trump's next Supreme Court Justice and they start taking away Civil Liberties, Democrats will rebel and in 2020 take the Presidency, Senate Majority and House Majority and add more SCOTUS Justices .
Has the entire Republican Party lost their sense of morality, it appears they have . Have any Republicans gone to border to see what is going on at the border? No their too busy raising money ?
The Republicans in the House of Representatives can't even agree on a bill to stop this President "Trumpy the Clown" from ripping crying from their mother's arms . "Trumpy the Clown" likes to see babies from Central America being separated from their mothers, inflicting pain .
@timinsarasota   The truth hurts , "Twinkie".
@timinsarasota  No one asked your opinion , back out of this .
@TGowdySC  Trump is still a minority President .
@TGowdySC  I'd be worried about the fact that President Trump didn't win the poplar vote and is still Democrats . That is an open wound he continues to irritate and if I were you I wouldn't  push it to far . Look at how enraged people are over Trump's treatment of children .
@TGowdySC When you defend President Trump you are defending  a person who Colluded with Russian Agents to interfere in the American 2016 Presidential Election . If you interfere with Robert Mueller I believe there will be open rebellion, the choice is yours .
@TGowdySC  You're interfering with the Robert Mueller investigation into Russian spies colluding with Donald Trump . Patriotic Americans want to defend our Country from Russian Interference in Our 2016 Presidential Election and if Anyone Interferes with Mueller there will be hell
@TGowdySC   If you think the United States is being torn apart now, you don't want to see what would happen if you interfere with Robert Mueller . You are defending and Supporting the Russian attack on America by trying to disrupt the Mueller Investigation .
@TGowdySC   What is the Matter with all of Republicans ? You investigated Hillary Clinton about BEN GAZI for Two and Half Years  not counting the Time Darrell Issa wasted. My question to you is why are you Defending Russians that attacked the United States .
@Morning_Joe    My theory of why President Trump is constantly attacking our European allies is because President Trump knows our European allies were all telling our Intelligence Agencies that they were intercepting Russian communications Conspiring with members of Trump's team.
@Jim_Jordan   I think you are drunk on Trump/Putin Kool-Aid. You're acting like you know Trump is guilty of conspiring with Putin to undermine our Democracy .
@Jim_Jordan  Trump was laundering Russian Mob Money through his Casinos in New Jersey . He is still laundering Russian Mob Money and I believe you know all about it .
@Jim_Jordan   The majority of American citizens know Putin is bribing the Republican Party so Trump and Putin can destroy the United States .
@Jim_Jordan   When are the Nazis in the House going to start defending the US against the next time Putin/Trump start hacking our election system and stop attacking the people defending America . Putin must be paying you a lot of Rubles .
@Jim_Jordan   What ever you're "Tweeking" on must be good shit.
People had better wake-up and look around because your individual liberties are being stripped away . Rowe v Wade is targeted right now . Most states that have Republican Legislatures  already have legislation on the books to limit availability to the point where it won't exist
We both know McConnell and I've watched him slithering around since he was Jefferson County Judge Executive . I know if you have an issue you want him to look at, you'd better have deep pockets . https://t.co/1Ec1fn608e
@Jim_Jordan   When the Camera in the House Committee showed you on television , you looked like were "Tweeking" are you O.K. or do you always convulse when exposed to the light of day ?
But now the Supreme Court of the United States will allow him to use anyone and everyone he chooses to use in anyway he wants . He may even be able collude with Russia and dissolve the court assigned to investigate his crimes . https://t.co/O6xxWT2F7G
for the little guy . I can't have and I can't have well get out and vote.  Excuses get you nothing except left out .  Democrats and liberals have got learn, the Republicans must be smarter because they know, you gotta vote .
36% of Americans Voted in 2012 , Every two years it is the same thing . "Oh, I have a headache and I can't go Vote" . "I  have to Work I can't vote" . But after the elections are over done you still want to bitch and moan, and Wimp and whine around about nobody ever does anything https://t.co/H674EDOZOP
when he started gaining ground in the Republican Primary. I knew all about him owning Casinos and laundering Russian mob money ,from the New York underground , in his casinos . He had to get above the law because it was closing in on him. Putin owns him and he knows it .
I don't have to be black to agree with everything you said , and I do and I am Caucasian . I miss Barack Obama, my country misses Obama . I don't think most people knew where we were going , but I did . I was scared for my brothers and sisters . I began reading about Trump https://t.co/qRzHhYPUQz
by a woman and her doctor . Don't the "Right to Lifers" think a woman can find the best path for her to take in her own life ?
Every one needs to get out and begin to register people to vote , then we need to get people to the poles . I don't believe the majority of Americans think someone else has the right to tell a woman how to live her life, and impose their will on her . That should be decided
That is a plan I could deal with . https://t.co/iUglV3Obwi
It is not a political Party it is a cult, most of them feel it is a religious cult . An African-American friend of mine who is a Minister told me that about ten years ago . I believed him then and I believe him now . https://t.co/jxhu0OrpGB
@BravenakBlog  Don't shut down now girl, we're gonna really start rolling now .
Because they are in power and that is all they need . Suffering of babies is inconsequential . Rule of law is inconsequential, because they are in power,  and they can sleep well at night . They are a cult, not a political party . https://t.co/XYvj1UgPsH
Thanks . https://t.co/ggQtZiAZSN
people in the middle of "5th Avenue".  Trump will be able to conspire with Putin and become the Authoritarian Ruler of the United States he has always fancied himself to be . Wake up Americans, your nation is being strangled and she is calling us to save her .
In a Town Hall meeting with Chris Matthews, during the 2016 Presidential Campaign, Donald Trump said  "There must be a penalty for women who have abortions". Trump will probably make it legal for men to grab women by their "P*ssy". Trump will be able to shoot people in the
for Merrick Garland , not showing up to vote in 2014, because people thought one man could do it all . There is plenty of blame to go around, but we are here. Roe v Wade is gone, health care is gone, civil liberties for minorities are gone, and Trump will allow Putin to invade us
the judiciary with Conservative Judges , this will be his legacy . Democrats and Liberals are going to lose this fight . We don't have the tools to fight with, since we are the minority. Not campaigning in Michigan, Wisconsin and Ohio, certain people not voting and not fighting
Forget  everything Sen. Mitch McConnell said about Merrick Garland and what the voters have a right to have, because he will change his mind now that there is a Republican in the White House . This is all political . Mitch McConnell is living in a dream , being able to stack
@M_a_t_z_o  You can think independently, can't you ?
I don't care what you do, its your life.  If you are thinking about suicide, I would suggest counseling . https://t.co/n4I08rGer3
New GOP campaign ad targets 'unhinged' Dems https://t.co/bSGBBvfnbz  We are not dealing with the old Republicans Party anymore this is the Trump Party .
New GOP campaign ad targets 'unhinged' Dems https://t.co/bSGBBvfnbz
The Conservative Supreme  Court, has already taken away the Voting Rights Bill and Republicans in the House were supposed to place it to fit the guidelines laid out by the SCOTUS but never did , will the SCOTUS make them do it ? LGBTQ and Gay Rights are gone . Health
@M_a_t_z_o   Well I have to give you credit , you are the first that has exhibited the ability to think for yourself and repeat yourself .
@M_a_t_z_o  I am proud of being a liberal, you're the one with the problem .
Eat sh*t and D*e MOFO . https://t.co/w98S06OWw0
what is on the line and how it will affect people . Ever one has skin in this game and if they want to keep what we have , they all have to fight before our liberties are taking from us . Remind the voters what the differences are between Republicans and Democrats .
@SenSchumer  As far as I am concerned Hillary Clinton quit fighting for Democratic Values and that was why she didn't even campaign in Michigan , Wisconsin or Ohio and we were beat . Now we are all paying for it , in spades . Democrats are fired up, get out there and tell them
@SenSchumer    You need to get all of your knives out and get them all sharpened . We are going to need every one of them . We have to fight every fight as if it is our last fight . All hands on deck .
Putin , we must stop him now or the United States maybe the next Crimea or Ukraine . Everyone who has a concern must register and tell your friends and family to vote at every opportunity . We must stop this Red Wave, now .
This mid-term election will be a terminal decision for , Roe V Wade , Gay and LGBTQ rights, immigration laws, Immigrants rights and Voting Rights will all be defeated for 30 years if this Supreme court flips. People must go to the polls and vote . Trump is going to meet with
@DonaldJTrumpJr  Considering your comments about Democrats you need to stick your head back up your old man's asshole so you can eat more of his shit .
I don't think we can count on any Republican in Washington to stand up for America . Senator Ted Cruz is now on Fox News predicting an outcome, BS. https://t.co/abTJkqa3kZ
If Judge Jeanine Pirro or someone of her ilk is nominated to be Supreme Court Justice ,hell will become a paradise . https://t.co/NlqFyPgSgK
All of the Republicans are scrambling to get their faces on TV , renouncing the idea of tariffs imported goods but none have the backbone to stand up to Trump, in order to defend American workers and consumers . So inflation is coming and a Trade War will follow .
@Ocasio2018 Congratulations on your victory , good luck .
"Trumpy the Clown" can't keep employees in his Administration so he is meeting with Vladimir Putin to see if He has some people to recommend .
Am I the only one that thinks Attorney General Jefferson Beauregard Sessions looks like "Yoda", The mystic of Star Wars .
allow ourselves to become complacent with what is going on or we will be the next Crimea or Ukraine . I know Trump was laundering Russian Mob Money, from NY., in his Casinos until about 2004 . They're old business partners .
@SenWarren   President Trump is pulling our democratic Republic apart one piece at a time, like a Vulture on Roadkill . I feel like there is nothing I can do to stop him, I get so angry when he comes on TV , I have to change channels, because my blood pressure explodes .We can't
Excuse me but I am a 68 year old From Louisville, Kentucky and a lifelong Democrat and it appears to me that the elected Democrats are already acting,  like Hillary Clinton , like you've already won the 2018 election, just by showing up . Please we must stop "Trumpy the Clown" . https://t.co/WxR9im3Anp
@SenSchumer  I want to know why President Trump is already out of the Gate Campaigning and raising Millions of Dollars and the Democrats are still looking for the gate . Where are you all ? I live in Louisville, Kentucky and Mitch McConnell never stops campaigning and Fundraising
"Trumpy the Clown" said he must meet with Vladimir Putin because he needs some "New Blood" to serve in his Cabinet .
Satellite images show North Korea upgrading nuclear research facility: report https://t.co/qIB6hUzeYL
@HouseDemocrats   I am a lifelong Democrat, I am 68years old and I live in Louisville, Kentucky . I want to know why Donald Trump is already out Campaigning and raising Millions of dollars and The Democrats are still looking for the gate . What is going on ?Are You All Napping ?
@NancyPelosi   I am a lifelong Democrat and I want to know why Donald Trump is already out of the gate campaigning and raising millions of dollars and the Democrats are still looking for the gate ?
Why Hasn't "Trumpy the Clown" issued a statement about North Korea doing some Reconstruction work at their Yongbyon Nuclear Research Facility , building a new Water Cooling Building and enlarging their Water Cooling Reservoir .
@JoeNBC   The Hill is reporting that North Korea is Re constructing and improving their Nuclear Scientific Research Center at Yongbyon . They have added a new Water Cooling Building and enlarged the Water Cooling Reservoir.
North Korea is now working to rebuild their Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Center . They have Constructed a new Cooling Water Pump House , Constructed several new buildings and have enlarged and improved the Cooling Water Reservoir .
@realDonaldTrump  You're fighting 250,000,000 pissed off Americans now since you stole 5,000 babies from their mother's arms . The goodness of the American people will not allow you and your evil supports to destroy the lives of these innocent babies, even if they aren't American
@realDonaldTrump   A federal Judge just put a stop on your border separation policy and ordered you to reunite the parents with their babies , every one of them . You're going to Court, Again , and again and again, and again . You're an idiot , we'll keep you in court until 2024.
@realDonaldTrump   You're an Idiot in more than one way , Hogg riders will not turn on H-D . You don't understand, obviously . It is Your fault that Harley is moving some production out of US . You can't BS bikers .
President Barrack Obama and his Administration's Financial Advisers fixed the last Republican caused Financial Crisis from 2008 so well that "Trumpy the Clown" and his Republican Misfits haven't been able to screw it up yet, but they're trying . https://t.co/cuHgP8hV1e
@realDonaldTrump "Trumpy the Clown's" SCOTUS, oh I forgot you're an idiot, Supreme Court Of The United States, victory will be tied up in Appeals Court for Years . You're being challenged in Court, already . Yoda, I mean AG Jeff Sessions is an Idiot also .
@realDonaldTrump   You're an ignorant moron , Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez will be your worst nightmare  She defeated Crowley from the left, "Trumpy the Clown" .
Do all conservatives feel the need to divide our nation at each and every Opportunity ? I know our President has to divide in order to assure his re-election , but do all of you feel that way ? https://t.co/UZKSYlAlCs
right he already has hired Russian Spies to work for his Administration .
@realDonaldTrump  Some liberals are saying "Trumpy the Clown" can't keep good help, I said hell, he can't even keep bad, corrupt help. "Trumpy the Clown's" Administration is on such shaky ground , hell he'll be hiring His Russian Spies to work his Administration . Hell, that's
@realDonaldTrump  The only issues on which "Trumpy the Clown's" Administration has surpassed the Obama Administration is in the total number of lies told and the amount of total corruption exhibited by the Trump Administration .
"Trumpy the Clown" is afflicted with a terminal case oral diarrhea , every time he opens his mouth it just flows out . https://t.co/QGBdmYYmRi
Parents ? "Trumpy the Clown" is super smart so I know "Trumpy the Clown" made plans for how he would ask babies who can't speak, who their parents are ? Did "Trumpy the Clown" tattoo their "A" numbers on them ?
@realDonaldTrump   I have a feeling "Trumpy the Clown's" big SCOTUS Victory is goin g to be tied up in Court on appeal for Quite a while. Where has "Trumpy the Clown" hidden the 2,000 missing immigrant Babies ? How will "Trumpy the Clown" reunite babies who can't speak with their
the Border and you could continue to act like you wanted end illegal immigration and you  could continue lying to every one about wanting to end it and keep campaigning on your lies .
@realDonaldTrump  "Trumpy the Clown" is such a great sales person and promoter put the Michael Cohen Tapes on a CD and sell them to pay for the Border Wall . You could even have a "Trumpy the Clown Gate " between the US and Mexico, so you could allow Immigrants continue to cross
@realDonaldTrump   "Trumpy the Clown" was just allowed to hear the Michael Cohen tape recordings of telephone Conversations, maybe "Trumpy the Clown" should consider releasing the Tapes . He could sell them to pay for the Border Wall .
Robert Mueller's Investigation has uncovered evidence that President Trump is trying to drive a wedge between the US and the European Union Because the EU was giving evidence to US Intelligence Services Proving Trump was Conspiring with Russia before 2015.
@realDonaldTrump   There are three-hundred and fifty Immigration judges we are needing another Four Hundred Judges , Immediately .  This is a mess you created , only you can fix it . Just like your stupid Executive Order , Which you also lied about, multiple times .
@realDonaldTrump  More Trump lies , all Trump does is lie . You lied when you said your Executive order Wouldn't stop the no Toleration . You are a liar . Read the Constitution , Due Process is the law. You are not a Dictator, Yet . Read the Constitution , You Moron . https://t.co/0hjWc8TVNf
@realDonaldTrump   You don't even know the facts about what you say . You are just lying , making things up so you can "Win". You're a disgusting disgrace . Ripping thousands of babies from their mother's and sending back to where the gangs are without parents .
@realDonaldT  rump  No one is asking for 5,000 more judges for the Immigration Problem you caused, it was your Executive Order that caused this shameful display . Two Trump Lies in one . You're a disgrace to our country .
@realDonaldTrump   We are demanding that you let the press in to see the babies . The Press are our eyes and ears . Let the press in to see the babies .
@SpeakerRyan   We want to see the babies on TV. We are demanding the President allow the press in to see the babies, we don't believe Trump he has lied too many times . Show us the babies .
@SpeakerRyan   We are tired of being lied to by President Trump . We want to see the babies , we don't believe Trump any more , Trump lied to the people when he said he couldn't stop the separation of the babies from their mothers, he lied to us and we don't believe him .
@SpeakerRyan   Where are the babies . We are demanding to see the babies . No BS, No more Trump lies .
@SpeakerRyan   Why is the Press denied access to the immigrant babies ? Trump is so ashamed of what he has done he won't allow the press to see them . The American People want answers to where the babies are . We want to see the babies , Trump has no right to stop us from seeing
@SpeakerRyan  You are so damn busy getting the Justice Department to hand over the FBI papers on Trump/Russia, You allowed the Trump to steal 2,300 babies from their mothers and now Trump has shipped the babies from Texas to N.Y. 9 month old babies, how do you find their families
@realDonaldTrump   You stole 2,300 babies from their mother's arms and then you played golf all weekend ?
@realDonaldTrump   You are a heartless , idiot are you and the other Nazis in Washington, DC saying a 9month old baby, came across the border by themselves . How do you reunite a 9 month old baby with their mother ? You put a 9 month old baby on a bus or plane to New York ?
The Trump Administration needs to put more Judges on the border to straighten out his mess , but since Trump has no respect for the judiciary he won't use judges . This is just another example of an Administration trying to use Authoritarian policies , to rule America .
No one wants Open borders , there must be laws to regulate it . But, "Trumpy the Clown" is unable to think the process of developing a policy that is balanced , he would rather just let Stephen Miller write some Fascist perversion . https://t.co/dDWAgxZ5TC
If "Trumpy the Clown" is so proud of jailing Babies and Toddlers why won't he allow the press to take pictures . Could it be because he knows his policy of jailing Babies and Toddlers is unpopular ? It certainly isn't because he has a conscience ., or empathy , for babies .
Which Rat Hole is Trump hiding in ? Why isn't he out showing and Telling everyone how proud he is of his accomplishment . Why isn't "Trumpy the Clown" out bragging about how proud he is of his policy of Jailing Infants and Toddlers .
Where are the "Holier than Thou" Evangelical Church/Cult Leaders ? They gave Trump a mullet for his sins of Adultery and he took that as Authorization to disregard morality .
Trump's Concentration Camps are supposed to be illegal here after what happened with the Japanese interment Camps during World War II . Trump needs to show the world his shame, the shame of put babies in Jail Cells .
How can the Fascist Trump Administration prevent the free press from showing American Citizens what our tax dollars are paying for ? This is an Authoritarian Administration this is not the Beacon of Freedom America used to be . The Press should go to court and demand entry .
These young men are probably some of Sarah Huckabee Sanders ex-boyfriends . https://t.co/dVRqn515hp
Sarah Sanders is exactly like her father , a racist, bigot . https://t.co/iDB35j0qFQ
The real condition of our once great nation . https://t.co/gVSstIBPNn
Why doesn't ICE deport MS-13 members and other gang members  , and leave the good immigrants alone . https://t.co/nE64jU8kYX
Trump once again made up lies about what the majority of Americans want . Every pole from the beginning shows the majority of Americans are frustrated with the amount of time it has taken to do this investigation, but they also want the investigation to complete its mission . https://t.co/FbCi8UJApV
I am really proud of David Hogg for showing such maturity and leadership. No one wants to end gun owner rights. https://t.co/L3dF2JZdMG
No doubt EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt made sure this story was hidden from the public . https://t.co/WqXlXMj29K
One good outcome out of thousands ? https://t.co/wUkaXJ8KEN
The two year old that brought down the most powerful man in the world . https://t.co/uIDAGCRKPL
This is what the immigrants so feared by President Trump , actually look like . https://t.co/nE64jU8kYX
No doubt Mike Huckabee is a sick MOFO if he thinks this is f unny . HuckleberryHound is not in an elected office because of this . https://t.co/QEzfeNv6Je
"Trumpy the Clown" has stolen 3,000 little girls and toddlers and put them in prison camps in the middle of the Texas Desert in 100 degree heat , without their mothers . The little girls and toddlers are scared and crying for their mothers .
I am still waiting for someone to explain to me how this Administration can deny my elected Representative access to a facility my tax dollars pay for .
It is a good thing Gov. Mike Huckabee is a nobody . https://t.co/WtW6S63WBm
It is a good thing Gov. Mike Huckabee is a nobody .
Can someone explain to me How a government agency that my tax dollars pay for can deny my Congressional Representative access to a facility , where my government is hiding 3,000 children stolen from their parents ?
Companies that advertise on FOX News need to be boycotted . FOX News may not understand much , but if we cut off their money they will understand that they should be supporting Racist Bigotry that separates mothers from their babies . https://t.co/XMIxGFKY3R
@realDonaldTrump Where are the 2,000 babies you stole from their mothers ?
@realDonaldTrump   You are so evil, you are the Devil Incarnate,  You are the one who stole innocent infant babies from their mothers arms and lost them in Texas desert .
@realDonaldTrump   You are the Devil Incarnate , that ripped infants in diapers from their mothers arms , now you've lost them in the Texas desert .
@realDonaldTrump You are so evil, you only thought about hurting infants in diapers , ripping them from their mothers .
@realDonaldTrump   You are so evil you don't even have a plan to reunite infants, that can't even speak, with their mothers . This is pure evil .
@realDonaldTrump   How are you going to reunite infants that can't talk with their mothers ? What is your plan . Are you this incompetent or are you this evil ?
@realDonaldTrump  Where are you hiding the infant babies you stole from their mothers.
@realDonaldTrump   Where are you hiding the infant babies that you stole from their mothers ?
@realDonaldTrump Where are you hiding the infant girls you ripped from their mothers . How are you going to reunite the babies , too small to talk , with their mothers .
@realDonaldTrump Where are you hiding the Infant Girls that you stole from their mother's arm ?
@realDonaldTrump   "Trumpy the Clown" has separated thousands of infants from their mothers and now he doesn't even know where they . Even if "Trumpy the Clown" wanted to reunited the thousands of babies with their mothers he doesn't know where they are .
@realDonaldTrump "Trumpy the Clown" is still lying about reuniting the immigrant babies, with t  heir mothers. "Trumpy the Clown" is so evil it doesn't even matter to him that he has separated thousands of babies from their mothers and doesn't even know where they are .
@realDonaldTrump Which one of the Trump Hotels in the Texas desert are you hiding the thousands of immigrant babies in ?
@realDonaldTrump Which one of the "Trumpy" hotels in the Texas desert is holding the thousands of immigrant Babies you stole from their mother's arms ? Are so sick in the brain that you think infants wearing diapers are MS-13 members that murder people ?
@realDonaldTrump   Why didn't you hold a press conference for the Victims of the Parkland, Florida school massacre , the massacre of 58 concert goers at Las Vegas or the 10 students murdered in their classroom in Sante Fe, Texas .
@realDonaldTrump  All Americans are now realizing you can't help yourself when it comes to you being drawn to Vladimir Putin . Patriotic Americans who are worried about the sovereignty of the United States wonder how much you feel you owe him for electing you . You owe him a lot.
@realDonaldTrump "Trumpy the Clown" held his press conference , Friday, with the Victims of  crimes . He lied about all the numbers of victims by immigrants. Why did "Trumpy the Clown "not hold a press Conference when 17 American Children were murdered in their school Florida .
@realDonaldTrump  We still have your Cage at Gitmo , waiting for you .
@realDonaldTrump  America is infested with Trumps and they must be removed from our country and sent to Russia , where President Trump's Lover Vladimir Putin is waiting for him . I'll bet you can't wait to be with him so you can ride horses together nude . You're a sick imbecile.
@realDonaldTrump You're a sick, disturbed , evil , old Bastard .
@realDonaldTrump  You're good at lying to people but you forget you played golf the weekend after the Parkland, Florida shooting and didn't take time to visit them . Your 38%-40% isn't enough to get your sycophants elected. Your tax cut didn't trickle  down . Your screwed .
@realDonaldTrump Why didn't you have Press Conferences when the shootings happened over the last year ? You didn't have a press conference when the 17 were murdered at Parkland, Fla. , 58 Murdered in Las Vegas, 10 Murdered in Texas  and now you expect people to believe you Care .
@realDonaldTrump You're an ignorant old fool, no one believes you , you've destroyed your credibility . You can't get anyone elected with 38% favorable rating .
All of "Trumpy the Clown's" numbers at his Press Conference are lies . Why didn't "Trumpy the Clown"  have a big Press Conference when the 17 students were murdered  in Parkland, Florida, The 58 Concertgoers murdered in Las Vegas and 10 students murdered in Texas .
Why didn't our President (Trumpy the Clown) have a press conference when the 17 students were murdered in Parkland, Florida, or 58 were murdered in Las Vegas, or 10 murdered in Texas .
@realDonaldTrump   Why didn't President Trump(Trumpy the Clown) have a big Press Conference with photos and all the witnesses and the big production when the 17 students were murdered at Margery Stoneman Douglass High School in Parkland, Florida or in Las Vegas when 48 were shot.
@realDonaldTrump "Trumpy the Clown" is trying to make America like Vladimir Putin's Russia, where they put people in Concentration Camps and make people "Disappear" . "Trumpy the Clown" thinks he is a dictator . He is more like Adolph Hitler, we had laws that prevented that .
@realDonaldTrump "Trumpy the Clown" is in the air conditioned White House and will probably play golf this weekend while these innocent babies will be out in the Texas desert in tents with hundreds of other crying babies, suffering in 100 degree heat, he is pure evil .
@realDonaldTrump " Trumpy the Clown" ripped these 2,345 poor innocent babies from their mother's arms and shipped a lot of them 2,000 miles away to GOD only knows where and their crying, missing their mothers and "Trumpy the Clown" thinks it is too hard to pass a bill to end it .
@realDonaldTrump  "Trumpy the Clown" is trying to stop the House from passing an Immigration Bill until maybe next week. So these 2,345 children and babies can suffer the Evil "Trumpy the Clown" has imposed on them. He is showing he has no feeling for babies suffering, crying.
@SpeakerRyan  Your party will drown in a Clump of Trump , you will have no legacy .
@SpeakerRyan  You're a spineless worm allowing "Trumpy the Clown " to lead you all around by your short hair . You sycophants have no one to blame but yourselves , because you can't stand up to "Trumpy the Clown". 40% ain't enough to save your lousy stinking *ss .
@SpeakerRyan  you and your weak sycophants are going to pay for allowing "Trumpy the Clown" to lead you around . You are showing just how cowardly you worms are . You sycophants have no one to blame but yourselves, because you're weak cowards . Go crawl back under your rock worm.
@realDonaldTrump   President Obama got an immigration Bill through the Senate in 2013 , but John Boehner wouldn't put it on the floor for a vote .
@realDonaldTrump You're not a leader, you're a loser . You don't want to solve the immigration problem , you just want to keep it around so you can campaign on it . You're weak . You and your little Nazi sycophants are all weak cowards . Come on out quit hiding behind your wife .
@realDonaldTrump   is striking out against everyone because he can't get his way . Poor little Donnie the 72 year old , little brat . Go ahead and pack up your toys and go home and pout and cry .  Spoiled little brat, 72 year old immature brat . You're a loser not a leader .
@realDonaldTrump Is not getting his way on immigration so he is acting like a little immature pouting child. He is not getting his way so he is packing up his toys and going home so he can pot and cry like a spoiled little brat .
@realDonaldTrump     President Trump is not a leader he does not know how to lead men . President Trump only knows how to bully people and when he doesn't get his way , he acts like a child and strikes out like a spoiled, angry Childish old fool .
@realDonaldTrump  You are incompetent and pure evil , you must tell your Administration to put these children back with their families .
@realDonaldTrump   You and your evil Administration have traumatized those 2,345 babies and they will suffer from your evil policy for the rest of their lives . You are and everyone who supports you are evil, just pure evil . Melania didn't fool anyone her coat showed who she is.
@realDonaldTrump Trump is in collusion with Vladimir Putin to divide the American People and we will stop you and your evil Administration . This is a fight to save America , from you and your evil Administration .
@realDonaldTrump   You are an evil , representative of Vladimir Putin that he conspired with to destroy the American Republican and we will fight you to stop you from destroying This Great American Republic .
@realDonaldTrump   You and your whole Administration are not just incompetent, but your pure evil .
@realDonaldTrump   You, your whole administration, especially your family and everyone who doesn't strike out against you and your racist,  bigoted Administration are pure evil .
@realDonaldTrump   These bible thumpers, these phony people who profess to believe in Jesus Christ and support these inhumane actions by this Devil incarnate are not going to fool people anymore. Trump is a racist, homophobic, misogynist who must be stopped .
@realDonaldTrump    We used to believe you were  just incompetent , but no you're Incompetent and pure evil .  Parents are not going to allow you to separate These little girls and Toddlers from their families , this is evil, you and your administration represent evil, pure evil.
Donald Tr ump is incompetent and inhumane , he is just pure evil .These Republicans in Congress are responsible for tearing these families apart and they did it deliberately .
Is President Trump so incompetent that he never thought that some of these children would have to be reunited with their families ? Or is this person just evil, so damn evil that he had no thought of ever reuniting these children with their parents .I believe he is just evil.
All I can say is I am sorry you must go through that . https://t.co/HZk8bnZ1ZS
@realDonaldTrump   Sending Melania to the Border was a good photo-op . That is all it was . None of you care about the children . This will be your reckoning .
@realDonaldTrump   Maybe Trump will never be able to show us where the missing 2,300 little girls and toddlers are because Trump has sold them to Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall. That would be one way to make Mexico pay for the Trump Border Wall .
@realDonaldTrump    Someone said Trump will never be able to show us the missing 2,300 little girls and toddlers because he has sold them to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall.
@realDonaldTrump    You're weak, you're a weak leader . You control both Houses of Congresses and the White House and you can't get an Immigration Bill through the Congress . Why don't you try another Executive Order, get someone who knows what they are doing to write it .
@realDonaldTrump   Everyone knows you held that Cabinet Meeting to cover up the fact your Republican controlled Congress can't pass an Immigration Bill . You control the White House and both Houses of Congress and can't pass a bill , you're weak, a weak leader .
Just like Trump Lied to the American People about not being able to solve the "Zero Tolerance" issue with an Executive Order. He is now lying about not knowing where the missing 2,300 missing children are, because he has sold them to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Wall.
Someone said Trump is so determined to build the Trump Border Wall that he has sold the missing 2,300 children to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
Trump will never be able to show the American People where they are housing the missing 2,300 missing children , mostly little girls and toddlers, because he has sold them to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
Some one is saying that the Trump Administration has been selling the missing migrant children to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
@realDonaldTrump   Someone said you were selling the missing migrant children to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall . That would be one way to get Mexico to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
@realDonaldTrump   Someone Said you were selling the missing immigrant children to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
@realDonaldTrump     Someone said you are selling the missing immigrant children to the Drug Cartels to pay for your Trump Border Wall . That would be one way for Mexico to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
@realDonaldTrump    Where are you hiding the 2,300 missing Little girls and toddlers ? Maybe you have already sold them to the Drug Cartels to pay for your Trump Border Wall .
Where are the missing 2,300 children ? Maybe the missing children and the little girls and the Toddlers have been sold by the Trump Administration to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
Where are the 2,300 missing children . Maybe the Trump Administration has sold the missing children to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
@RepJohnYarmuth   Why are these Detention Facilities being paid three times as much money to house children by themselves ? That seems to me they being incentivized to break up the families and make four times as much money .
@SenJeffMerkley   Why are these Detention Faciliies being paid three times as much money to house children by themselves ? It seems to me these companies are being rewarded for breaking up families .
@SenBobCasey   Why are the Detention Facilities being paid three times as much money to house children by themselves . It seems to me the system is being rewarded for breaking up families .
How much money is the Trump Administration funneling to their friends in this Ponzi Scheme ? How many of the President Trump Millionaire and Billionaire friends will cash in on this Scandal ? https://t.co/e0gJ7rumwQ
"Trump Hotels" works for me . https://t.co/GWRWcv2Cjd
First Lady Melania Trump is now on the border .
Thank You, Senator Angus King for speaking up . The American People are concerned about these children . Anything anyone can do to help would be greatly Appreciated. This Administration appears to be totally incompetent and is in need of help . https://t.co/0OcmJ3ceXw
The Trump Administration can't show us where the Little girls and the toddlers are because they have already sold the little girls and the toddlers to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
Maybe the Trump Administration can't tell us where the little girls and the toddlers are because the Trump Administration has already sold the little girls and the toddlers to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
Maybe the Trump Administration Can't show us where the little girls and the toddlers are being housed because the Trump Administration has already sold the little girls and the toddlers to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
Maybe the Trump Administration won't show us where the little girls and the toddlers are because the Trump Administration has sold the little girls and toddlers to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
Maybe the Trump Administration can't tell us where the 2,300 missing little girls and boys are at is because the Trump Administration has sold the little girls and boys to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
Maybe the Trump Administration can't tell us where the little Girls and the toddlers are because the Trump Administration has sold the toddlers and the little girls to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
Maybe the Trump Administration can't tell us where the little girls and the toddlers are because the Trump Administration sold the toddlers and the little girls into slavery , to pay for Trump's Border Wall .
Maybe the Trump Administration can't tell us where the babies and little girls are because the babies and little girls have been sold to the Drug Cartels to pay for the Trump Border Wall .
@NicolleDWallace   The Texas Tribune is reporting some of the people working in these detention facilities have criminal records and some have been convicted of child abuse .
Is anyone really surprised ? This is what happens when you rush into something without regard for all the consequences . https://t.co/1jmf1KPm8R
Ivanka Trump is as worthless as a wilted , dead rose .
This President is a lying sack of crap and we can never believe anything he tells us .
How are we going to trust this President and these Republicans when they say they have reunited all the children with their families .
After lying to the Americans people and telling us an Executive  Order would not fix the Immigration Crisis , "Trumpy the Clown" changes his mind and signs an Executive Order to end it .
What lie will "Trumpy the Clown" tell Americans when we find out there are hundreds of babies  and "Trumpy the Clown"can't find their mothers because he deported them to Central America .
How many "Baby Jails" are there in this country ? We know of just four "Baby Jails" and they're all in Texas , on the border .
How does America like having a President who lies to them telling that his Executive Orders could not fix his immigration crisis , and that he denied his "Baby Jails".
@jessphoenix2018 Just found out your baby is missing . I hope you find her soon .
Don't forget he is now working for VP Mike Pence's campaign . https://t.co/d9fK8d7eem
Thank You Ryan Knight for reminding everyone that this is nothing but a photo Op, for the puke-headed Republicans to show everyone the dribble running off chins from licking on the "Big Orange". https://t.co/xLa4KJ8hau
Let's not forget that President Obama passed a Comprehensive Immigration Bill through the Senate in 2013 and Speaker John Boehner(R-OH) would not even allow the Bill to come to the floor of the House of Representatives for a vote .
"Birds of a feather" . https://t.co/C57kvJVx6R
"Trumpy the Clown" got everything he wanted from the immigration crisis , and that was a photo op .
Hell wouldn't have him . https://t.co/LvC8axbSwc
I feel all of the Republicans in Congress should be issued slickers , so they don't get that drool on their nice clothes .
Next time they should all wear bibbs . https://t.co/2hOINzZPQ7
Press Conference at the White House, I just hope all Republican Members of Congress remember to wipe all the drool off their mouths before they leave the White House and appear in public .
How long will it take for AG Sessions to send his jack-booted thugs to the border to start beating the women and children?
@realDonaldTrump   Your insult about Latinos "Infesting" America was realyy misguided . America is infested but with Trumps . I've called Terminex .  You're a lousy Russian  Traitor to America . Everyone will soon know about your Russian Money Laundering .
@realDonaldTrump   You ignorant dildo head , no one out here in fly over country is listening to your babbling, BS . We all know it is another lie . Your word means nothing , you are nothing .
@Lawrence "Trumpy the Clown" is in the Executive Suite pacing the floor, ranting at the T.V. because you all are cherry picking the videos and only showing the worst images .
Are we not all children of the same GOD ?  How can anyone with a soul take a baby from his mother's arm and then deport the mother back to Central America , without her baby ?
Is President Trump going to put these babies and toddlers in the tent cities he has built in the Texas desert tomorrow when the temperature goes into the 90s tomorrow and later this week ?
Thousands of babies and toddlers are being held in three prison Camps in Texas , while their mothers are being deported back to Central America . Who is holding these babies when they cry ? Who are feeding these babies when they cry ? Who is changing the diapers of these babies ?
Thousands of babies in diapers and toddlers are being held in tthree prison camps in Texas , after their parents were arrested and are being deported . Who are feeding the babies? Who are changing the babies diapers ?
"Trumpy the Clown" has been dealing with Russians since 2004 when he was forced to sell his New Jersey Casinos because he was caught laundering Russian Mob Money . https://t.co/WGLs33WF8x
Thank You, Ted Lieu for your continued service to our country . My Kirk family came here in the early 18th century , fleeing religious persecution in UK. I cringe every time "Trumpy the Clown" attacks an immigrant , because we are all immigrants, except Native Americans. https://t.co/ZNi4aYwA4Q
McClatchy is now reporting their there may be as many as 6,000 unaccompanied immigrant children lost in our immigration system  .
@chucktodd   Anita Kumar with McClatchy is now reporting there may be as many as 6,000 children lost in our immigration system .
A renowned reporter with McClatchy News Service is now  reporting the United States of America may have lost as many as 6,000 children .
"Trumpy the Clown" was right , I am tired of winning . If this is winning .
In case you all haven't figured this out yet , President Trump has no empathy or compassion for children because when he was young his parents were too interested in themselves to nurture him, was raised by a nanny and put in boarding schools .
@craigmelvin  Please keep showing the images of the Little children and women .
@realDonaldTrump   What these immigrants are facing back home is worse than what they face here .  The gangs back in Central America are murdering the men  and selling women and girls into prostitution .
@realDonaldTrump    You're a stupid MOFO , those people coming from Central America don't read or speak English , they don't know what a jack-ass you are  and that they can't get into America .
@realDonaldTrump   You let your little Nazi Puppet , Stephen Miller, Talk you into following his idea because you're an idiot, puppet for Putin .
@realDonaldTrump   You're nothing but a lying stack of crap , a willing fool for Putin . Putin owns you because he knows crooked you are and that you laundered Russian Mob Money through NJ Casinos . You're a puppet for Putin .
@realDonaldTrump   You're nothing but a tool for Putin, you're a worthless stack of crap and nothing but a puppet for Putin . He is really controlling you , ever since you laundered all that Russian Mob Money through your NJ Casinos .
@realDonaldTrump   You're nothing to me except a lying sack of crap . Everyone knows you never tell the truth and you're nothing except a lying stack of stinking crap .
@realDonaldTrump  You can lie all you want because most Americans know you lie 6.5 times a day every day so what you say has no meaning .
"Trumpy the Clown" wants to lie about all the MS-13 Murders in America . Which may be 12 or 13 a year while saying nothing about the 35,000 to 40,000 people murdered in America by other Americans using guns .
"Trumpy the Clown" would rather spend all his time playing golf and having people spray that orange crap all over his face .
The reason Trump lies so often is because he is too stupid to study the Facts . He allows his little Nazis to prepare everything he says , because if he studied a subject he wouldn't have any time to play golf . That is why he doesn't know anything that isn't prepared for him .
@marianaatencio   God bless the little children .
@marianaatencio  You're doing a fantastic job, as always . Keep up the good work , I just wish MSNBC showed more of your coverage .
That was probably because nothing worth broadcasting occurred in Singapore .  Trump and Kim were the only ones who gained anything from that summit, you moron . It was just a photo op , now Kim is on a Celebrity tour of China . https://t.co/9pXxnqxWBO
I would be nice if we could have a march led by Veterans and followed by Civilians , to show our united front  against this totalitarian Regime . This is not what our veterans have fought for over 240 years , to have this person who never  served our to destroy our image . https://t.co/xBl3kdFsXx
@SenSchumer   Senator, Sir someone needs to demand that SecNielsen , of Homeland Security, resigns .
@morningmika How is this Administration going to reunite the children to their parents when the parents have already been deported back to Central America ?This has already happened, we know it has . This will need to be put in Legislation .
This lying piece of crap lied every time he was interviewed and the Republican Congress has allowed him to get away it . https://t.co/wuyc3XvwMw
This is how "Trumpy the Clown " acts when he wants to win an argument . This is "Trumpy the Clown" winning an argument at any cost . Are we "tired of winning" yet ? https://t.co/xoPPijQLAy
"Trumpy the Clown" really know how to close a deal , doesn't he . https://t.co/xoPPijQLAy
Sounds like a scene from the RNC headquarters staff meeting . https://t.co/P6cZDnRay8
Where are they hiding the little girls who have been separated from their families ? We know their are several hundred , where are they ? Have the little girls already been sold into slavery or have they already been sexually exploited ?
What is going to happen to the Children who are left in Trump's Detention Centers after their parents are deported back to their country of origin ? There are already a growing number of children left here after their parents are deported .
Sarah Huckabee Sanders can't face the press so they're flying Sec. Neilson from New Orleans, to do Trump's dirty work . https://t.co/ZgiztTbT97
New audio tape of children crying at an immigration detention center , now being heard on MSNBC and NBC . Actually this is Donald Trump and his children crying because they won't be able to torture immigrant children anymore .
Rudy Giuliani is a bug-eye, overmedicated old fool , who is showing how corrupt the Republican Party has become . When Rudy Giuliani was U.S. Attorney in New York he used the exact same techniques that he is now attacking the DOJ for using now . https://t.co/gfglY3hOo5
There has never been another administration that thought so little of the American People but to stand before us and tell us straight-up to our faces just flat out lies . If the American people have no more self respect than to allow it, they deserve what happens .
The Great "Pumpkin Head" , "Trumpy the  Clown" is going to hold another Propaganda Release where he will stand before the American People and lie to us and show us how little he respects us , lying to us like we don't matter to him at all .
I'm anticipating a Grand Jury Subpoena , delivered to "Trumpy the Clown" on the golf course . https://t.co/wShMD9hPjW
The North Koreans have done nothing to eliminate their Nuclear Warheads and Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles , or their ability to produce more . There has been no verifiable change in their Programs . Their last test caused their test   sight to cave in.
@POTUS You're a stupid Old Fool, Everybody knows you can't say two sentences without one of them being a lie . People just like to watch you because everyone knows their watching a train wreck happening in slow motion . We're just having fun watching you make a fool of yourself .
@realDonaldTrump Tell Old Bug-Eye drunk Rudy he'll never get rid of Robert Mueller investigation . We will make sure of that  . Eat Sh*t and D*e you two old Blubbering Fools . Tell "Bug-eyed Drunk Rudy" we'll make a cage for him too at Gitmo .
@realDonaldTrump You have now told over 5,000 lies since you've been in Office . That will be your only legacy .
@realDonaldTrump You did nothing in North Korea . There were no papers signed, Kim Jung Un didn't agree to do anything , except make a fool of you . When you saluted that General , they are showing that video in North Korea .
@realDonaldTrump You're a bubbling old fool, the IG report never mentioned the Russia probe . You lied 19 times today when you were speaking with the reporters . Even if you get rid of Robert Mueller the investigation will not end , the probe will continue .
@JoeNBC We need to send the debate about the President being above the Law to the Supreme Court to have this settled once and for all because if true the Mueller probe is a waste of time and money .
President Trump,"Trumpy the Clown", is going on Fox News and appearring on every TV show on TV saying they want the Mueller investigation to end , but "Trumpy the Clown" is the one that is delaying the interrogation By Mueller .
Rep. Peter King must realize the only real "Nazi" leader in America is in the White House . Freedom of speech is guaranteed in the First Amendment and this President is the only person in American speaking about denying people that Freedom .People wake-up . https://t.co/CE6CCqNcti
"Trumpy the Clown" is living on "Trumpy World" in  "Trumpy Time ". https://t.co/0uBZ7Oje8B
"Trumpy the Clown" doesn't even know what is going on in his own White House , with regards to what is happening in North and South Korea .
North Korea and South Korea are not waiting on Donald J. Trump , Our wannabe President . They don't want to play "Apprentice TV Game SHow" , so they are holding their own summit without the United States and our Wannabe Game Show Host President .
So now Trump is saying the entire Mueller probe maybe illegitimate because the FBI had an informant in the Trump campaign , to investigate whether the Russians were trying to infiltrate the Trump Campaign .
Drunk Rudy isn't speaking in Tongues he is yelping in hyena . https://t.co/gPwnqU2Y36
@realDonaldTrump Hey,"Trumpy" instead of just spreading all that Russian Mafia Money to your egg-sucking, Sycophants in Congress and just bribing the Republicans in Congress , why don't you pay Dennis Rodman some of that Bribe money and let him negotiate with North Korea .
@buffoon_I stand corrected . My bad , Thanks for pointing this out to me .
@realDonaldTrump You're a pitiful, *ss wipe, you can't even give our great Nation's highest honor to one of our greatest heroes without making it about you. "Cadet Bone Spurs" who lied and had your father buy five doctors to give you five deferments so you wouldn't have to serve.
@realDonaldTrump You can't get anything done , you're too big a F*ck-up .
@realDonaldTrump Melt your Summit Medallions down and make an anchor to go around your neck . Democrats knew you would figure out a way to kill the Summit . You're just a F*ck-up . You can't finish anything .
@realDonaldTrump We, the American People can't count on you to do anything except F*ck-up. You can't keep your mind on anything except how to steal money from Americans . You're Incompetent, you haven't got anything done except tear everything up .
@realDonaldTrump You're the one that terminated the Summit, you J*ack*ss . It is a good thing you have the biggest and best military in the World to hide behind . Because, you're a bumbling, stumbling , Baffoon , and you can't get anything done . You can't even negotiate with Kim
@realDonaldTrump You're a rubberneck lying baffoon . Go suck yourself .
@realDonaldTrump Lying Baffoon .
@realDonaldTrump You're a compulsive liar 4500 lies in one year in Office , you must be holding back .
@realDonaldTrump You're an idiot J*ck *ss the men and women at the FBI still have a great deal of respect for James Comey and Andrew McCabe . This is just another of your 4500 lies , that yoy tell the American People everyday . We know you're a compulsive liar , everyday all day.
We can tell you didn't write this letter , it is too coherent for you to have written this . Did "Uny" make you mad talking bad about that Hypocrite "Penchy" . To bad he's a jerk anyway , you all are jerks . https://t.co/sA9R2mEFDw
@realDonaldTrump There goes your Nobel Peace Prize , oh wait that must be "Fake News" . They were never going to give you a Nobel Prize anyway , You're too big a baffoon .
@realDonaldTrump Now you can take your Medallions for your Summit with Kim and melt them down make an anchor for your Yacht . Oh, wait they repossessed that Yacht when you went bankrupt .
I wonder what "Trumpy the Clown"" will do with the medallions he had made for this summit . He could have them all melted down and make an anchor for his Yacht , dang I forgot they repossessed that Yacht when he went bankrupt .
Millions of us miss reality, and want this nightmare to end . https://t.co/pkityBm1pu
Of course Trump doesn't want to hear from any Veterans . Why should he want to hear people not happy with his policies . He knows Veterans have not happy with the way he is running the VA . https://t.co/DZPKy9iko1
@realDonaldTrump  You're an immature little boy in a 90 year old body. You're a goofy, old fool , drop dead , eat sh*t and die . Go s*ck yourself . You rubberneck, jerk wad . You're an embarrassment to the United States . Two dead horse flies are more valuable than you . Scum bag
@NancyPelosi Please , do not allow Trump to disrepect you and your authority by not allowing you to be in the first meeting 5/24/2018 with @RepDevinNunes he is a snake and Speaker Paul Ryan got his $20million from Sheldon Adelson and has checked out .
@SenSchumer Sir, Please do not Trump to blow you and the other Democrats off . We must stand up to Trump or he will run over us . The Gang of Eight must be in every meeting , don't take a backseat . Don't allow Trump to use the phrase "SpyGate " this is his term not ours or press
@realDonaldTrump You're a goofy, babbling f*cking idiot . We still have your cage at GITMO . This year, next year, two years, three years we'll get you ,traitors go to GITMO .
The minions are following their leader . Trump told the cops not to protect the people's heads when they put them in the car and ruogh them up a little , when arresting them . Trump's a punk . https://t.co/ZsiKVv1AJq
Our Democracy is slowly being stripped away from us and our elected Representatives are doing nothing to defend our rights . Is it really going to be so easy for a wannabe tyrant to steal our heritage ? Is no one going to defend us ?
the evidence against him and who uncovered the evidence and who gave that evidence to law enforcement . So now Trump will be able to bully the Justice Department when ever he wants and they will have no recourse .
I'm afraid it is all over with now . Trump has just corrupted the whole investigation into the Russians colluding with the Trump Presidential Campaign . Trump knows he is very close to being exposed and he is covering his criminality by demanding the Justice Department show him
@RepDevinNunes  You must love the taste of Trump's sh*t , because of the amount of time you spend with your head in his *ss . You're a freaking traitor, selling our country out to Putin .
"trumpy the Clown" will no doubt have 10 million made(at tax payer expensive) and sell them at the Trump properties . They will serve as commemorative "coin" or medallion . https://t.co/QVJkPIsPfv
Buckle-up people , this could be rough . https://t.co/8hpeFykM11
It will be my top priority , but not a single issue . https://t.co/CKiVsisDcH
With Russian money . https://t.co/uXH3jFOATn
to that school again . The students at Sante Fe High School are now saying they won't go back to that school and they want to be home schooled . Our leaders in Washington, DC are not leading and we need to replace them with people who will do what we want done .
A young girl from Sante Fe High School in Santa Fe , Texas just stated that she had been afraid this would happen at her school . Now, our children are afraid to go to school for fear of being shot . The students at Sante FE High School are  now saying they don't want to go back
The facts are none of the statements made on this press release are true . This is all right -wing propaganda to justify the President's prejudice toward all people who are not white . https://t.co/Ldwcik4nzZ
If the President of the United States can not be indicted then how did Congress impeach Bill Clinton ?
@realDonaldTrump   You're an unhinged idiot .
@realDonaldTrump  You could have done your Mueller interview instead of wasting all your time Tweeting , over the Weekend .
I don't know why Mueller doesn't just ask the Grand Jury to indict the President and let the Courts fight it out . It will take a long time but Trump is trying to stretch it out as long as possible anyway .
This is the President speaking . https://t.co/owZrt5fQSK
The whole reason behind Trump wanting to be President was so he could use the Presidency to leverage money from big money Republican Donors, Corporations and wealthy people . It's called pay to play . The NRA contributed $30million to him , he is owned by them and others . https://t.co/wP1HxdYirT
@realDonaldTrump If your campaign Employees weren't working for Vladimir Putin , to corrupt the election . The FBI wouldn't have been investigating your campaign .  Lock you up.
@realDonaldTrump   The American People want you tried for Treason, Indicted, deposed, and imprisoned . You're a traitor .
@realDonaldTrump  Tyrannical Dictators can't succeed in America . Just ask Richard Nixon . If Presidents of US can't be indicted , why did the Republican Congress chase Bill Clinton for four Years to Impeach him , He was indicted, Deposed and Impeached .
@Lady_Star_Gem  I'm just an old man from Kentucky, but this thing in our White House has got to go . I'm so fed-up . He is so busy taking care of his business none of our business is getting done . Too much golf , collution with Russia , corruption .
22 and counting , more school students have died while in school than American soldiers killed in combat .
that don't approve of what you do . You'll find that some people can never be happy , with anything . Don't worry about them , just do your best and get satisfaction from your effort , self-fulfillment is all that counts in the end .
You all should learn that you can never please everyone . Do your thing to your satisfaction , others who appreciate your style will approve and support you . Even the biggest superstar has people that don't like what they do and even criticize them. Don't worry about the ones https://t.co/buCvQgq2S4
to run for Mayor of NYC .
It am total amazement by how Rudy Guiliani is talking like he has never used the FBI to investigate crooks like "Trumpy the Clown" , Guiliani used to use the FBI on a weekly basis when he was busting organized crime in NYC in the 1990s. That was how he obtained notoriety he used
Not a word about the School massacre from the Republicans in Washington . They must have all crawled back into their holes , to hide , until everyone forgets about the massacre, because of the stink "Trumpy the Clown" is raising over his corruption .
@Lady_Star_Gem   You're a busy little lady tonight , I just hope the Democratic Candidates in Texas are reading your points because you are right on the mark , with all of your points . That's my opinion .
loss of life to defeat the Democratic Mayor and to beat the Democrats over the head with this issue . The smart play for the people of Chicago would be to get rid of their personal conflicts and unite in an effort to show how and ineffective corrupt Trump is .
The people of Chicago will be the only ones that can solve this issue . It will take a community effort . They can not count on the feds to help because of the Democratic Mayor of Chicago , President Trump is not interested in resolving the issue he only wants to use the issue of https://t.co/DJBB6ixH69
The sycophantic Republicans on the House Intelligence committee don't enough backbone among all of them together to confront Erik Prince or anyone else . They are a weak bunch of sniveling weasles . https://t.co/Iva4ZvlTbZ
I just hope everyone who is part of the "Resistance" are as fed-up with this corrupt Administration as I am . https://t.co/oT2UhZzt6z
This is scarey that a grown person believes such an obviously flawed theory . He had to be living under one of those rocks . https://t.co/fugWWzk4hI
@RepAdamSchiff  I am writing to you because I believe someone in Congress needs to Question why Rep. Mark @RepMarkMeadows went to May, 2017 NATO Summit in Brussels . I believe he went there to establish a back channel to the Kremlin . Trump met with Putin and invited him to D.C.
@amjoyshow  I know Rep. Mark Meadows(R-NC) was at the May 2017 NATO summit in Brussels because I remember seeing him on the Video and I thought it was unusual at the time . If you remember that was when we later learned Trump secretly met with Putin and invited him to Washington
@amjoyshow  When are people in our Government going to start asking why would Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC) went to the May 2017 NATO Summit in Brussels . Even as a leader in Congress what was the Purpose . I believe he went to develop a back channel to the Kremlin to funnel money
President Trumpy and Texas Governor Abbott send their "Thoughts and Prayers" to the Survivors of Todays School Massacre . The NRA says their business is looking like it is picking up and say "Praise the Lord and Pass the AMMO." https://t.co/H74XRJrZmv
"Trumpy the Clown" and Texas Governor Abbott offer their thoughts and Prayers to the Survivors of todays Massacre . The NRA says "Praise the Lord and Pass the AMMO." https://t.co/goqbbXt0Uc
The NRA says Business is picking Up . https://t.co/1ACXANtRVU
Republicans say "Thoughts and Prayers" to the Survivors of the Massacre in Texas. The NRA says "Praise the Lord and Pass the AMMO". https://t.co/0cvcRgMtiR
"Trumpy the Clown" sends his "Thoughts and Prayers" to the Survivors of Todays massacre in Texas . The NRA says "Praise the Lord and Pass the AMMO ." https://t.co/INac8vbLgn
You Know, your statement makes absolutely no sense in the context of you receiving $500million bribe from China for going easy on North Korea . https://t.co/E8agHbKvgn
Actually , I always thought that was a personal choice . https://t.co/YavsBEctmm
We want Robert Mueller to indict you and take it to Supreme Court , we'll wait and see how they rule . https://t.co/d51b9fkaS4
That Cage is still waiting for you at GITMO , and it will be waiting for you and all your friends and family for as long as it takes. https://t.co/d51b9fkaS4
You and Rudy make a great comedy team, you should book at Mara-Lago . https://t.co/d51b9fkaS4
Rudy acts like he is drunk or has his meds out of wack . https://t.co/d51b9fkaS4
You're a lying , Thief and you make me want to puke . https://t.co/d51b9fkaS4
You're a lying crook, who colluded with Vladimir Putin so you could win the 2016 Presidential Election . https://t.co/d51b9fkaS4
You're a disgusting disgrace and we don't care if Robert Mueller is investigating you for four years . Ken Starr began investigating President Bill Clinton 18 months Monica Lewinsky was hired in the White House . https://t.co/d51b9fkaS4
I keep reminding him we have a Cage at GITMO with his name on it , and one for every member of his crime family . https://t.co/YHXIwCJUaw
I believe the time has come to remove Personal Integrity from the list of qualities inherent to Republicans . https://t.co/g5t34oC5bk
Hey, stupid the Justice Department works for the American People , just like you work for us . If we don't like what you do , we will fire you . If the Justice Department finds enough of your criminal activity we will fire . https://t.co/PHbAgYjMeG
Hey, Trumpy if you didn't continue committing crimes there wouldn't be so much evidence against you . You idiot, the Justice Department works for the American people , they keep criminals like you from stealing from us , they work for us ,just like you . You work for us . https://t.co/PHbAgYjMeG
You just gotta roll with what GOD gives you . https://t.co/oXdPEHaV9v
any crime then he has nothing to worry about .
he should have his stoolies change the laws guiding the Department of Justice . Robert S. Mueller is obligated to follow the Guidelines laid out in DOJ rules and Regulations . Other than that Criminals should be prepared to pay for the crimes they commit . If Trump didn't commit
Mueller investigation is not a witchhunt because unlike Rudy Guilianni everything the Special Counselor does is governed by a US statute or federal Department of Justice code , which out in great detail what a prosecuter is allowed to do . If Trump believes this is a witchhunt
It sounds to me like the Senate Judiciary Committee just let Donald Trump Jr. Testify willy nilly and say anything , without any cross examination . It sounds like Donald Trump Jr. could have just talked about baseball and no one questioned him .
RT @DisavowTrump20: SCOTUS Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has been a tireless fighter for women's equality for 40 years.		RETWEET if you are t…
RT @kylegriffin1: Giuliani says it’s “absurd” for Mueller’s probe to go beyond the midterms, wants to follow Comey’s model with Clinton: “a…
Greedy billionaires are still not satisfied , they still want more money, more tax cuts . https://t.co/ZRso1k7Uxu
Indonesia and is turning the sanctioning over to the Commerce Department so they can negotiate the deal for the Trump Organization .
@realDonaldTrump   is withdrawing the Sanctioning of the giant Chinese telecommunications company ,ZTE , for using their equipment to monitor the activities of American Citizens , because the Trump Organization is seeking $500mil in Chinese financing of a Trump Property in
She is hyperventilating , give her a shot of Albuterol . If she's a Trumper better give her NARCAN . https://t.co/8u0wC3G4h7
@realDonaldTrump   must have figured out a way to get China to pay him for dropping the sanctions against ZTE .
Sue the bastards . Milwaukee must have a lot of money they need to give away . https://t.co/5zhSR9ii05
Jared Kushner should have Qualified his statement and said "The US and Israel share a belief I human rights when they are our kind of humans." https://t.co/sKGYrHdVfC
@realDonaldTrump is running scared and he has all his sycophants running interference . https://t.co/jXtVZp0mI6
Rep. Paul @SpeakerRyan   Really thinks he is smarter than the average American . He will be wealthy but we'll see what the rest of his life is like . https://t.co/w2NrDwiTmB
Love this video . https://t.co/0yUoQAalm9
@romyreiner  I don't think there is a dog that would have him . https://t.co/2qM7H6XopL
@dcpoll   Just found one of your tweets , I like your choices .
The Trump White House is like a rudderless ship , bouncing from one disaster to another . One disaster short of sinking .
Only in "Trump's" America . I'll be so glad to get this piece of crap out of our White House . https://t.co/AYwfMoced1
Keep digging Rudy , he must believe there is a pot of gold down there . I bet he hits a septic tank . https://t.co/wKA4RPu4DV
I find more reasons to like and respect Rep. @RepMaxineWaters everyday . Someone needs to stand up for working people everyday , the way Rep. @RepMaxineWaters does . https://t.co/IYfP5wRHe9
@MichaelAvenatti won't take this lying down . This war was just escalated . https://t.co/1gvwCcALTb
"Trumpy the Clown" is more worried about how much money he can make by blocking this idea , instead of worrying about saving us money . https://t.co/90BntPlmFC
The "Trumpy Swamp" is stinking more everyday . I wonder how much money "Trumpy the Clown" was paid by big Pharma to forget this idea of Medicare negotiating their drug prices . https://t.co/90BntPlmFC
The Bengazi Hearings lasted 17 months , what is the rush The Republicans appear to be in ?
Can Someone explain to me how supposed christians can deny people their personal dignity because of the color of their skin or where they were born . I was raised to believe we are all children of the same GOD , and as such deserve equal treatment and opportunity .
@julissaarce It breaks my heart that some of my fellow Americans are so weak and self centered that they feel they have to belittle other people because of the color of their skin or where they were born . We are all children of the same GOD .
@kellysadler45  The only reason you still have your position is because they can't find anyone else to do your stinking job . You're the bottom of the barrel .
This @kellysadler45 is a real piece of crap .
@kellysadler45  Your worthless . Drop Dead .
@kellysadler45  You must be a whore because your selling your ass to keep your job .
@kellysadler45 You're a disgusting piece of crap , you will choke on your words . Senator John McCain was and is a National Hero , and you're a worthless piece of crap . Eat SH*T and die .
The "Trump Swamp" is really starting to stink .
@realDonaldTrump   "Trumpy the Clown" the "Trump Swamp" is really starting to stink .
@realDonaldTrump   Hey "Trumpy the Clown" President Obama created 20,000 more jobs per month more than you .
@realDonaldTrump  Hey,"Trumpy the Clown" I'm not feeling like I'm tired of winning yet . How about you ? Well, maybe you are tired of winning because of all that illegal money you've been stealing from the American People .
Prosecution is amassing against the defendant . It appears to me that is what Trump's Sycophantic enablers are attempting to do by asking the Justice Department to show them the evidence against @POTUS ahead of the trial or hearing .
I have always felt it was my Justice Department that @POTUS and his sycophantic enablers are trying to corrupt . I am unaware of any precedent that Justifies giving the person who is being investigated the right to view pertainent information concerning the evidence the https://t.co/LEzapY3l6N
@realDonaldTrump   Hey, Fathead The "Trump Swamp" is really starting to stink .
@realDonaldTrump   The corruption in your administration is unequalled . I am certain this level of corruption will never be exceeded and I am certain it will never even be equaled .
@realDonaldTrump   Everyone knows you're a social ingrate because we, the American People didn't know you were training your entire staff to follow in your footsteps . The "Trump Swamp" is getting swampier and stinkier .
to funnel all the influence money to him just like Putin . The United States is being run like a mob influence buying scheme . The "Don" takes all the money in and spreads it to his "Capoes" who spread it down through the Criminal Organization to " Get things Done" .
Joe @JoeNBC   It is like I have been saying , "Trump" is running our country just like Vladimir Putin is running Russia . People have to pay Putin to be in his favor . You have to be in Putin's favor in order to do business in Russia . Trump is even setting up his own Oligarchs
Instead of Corporations giving their employees pay raises they are giving the employee pay raise to Politicians for cutting their Corporate taxes . The Republicans in Congress got our pay raise by giving Corporations the $600billion Tax Cut last year , so don't expect a raise .
@SpeakerRyan  More people are on SNAP because wages haven't increased and they aren't being paid enough money to survive on . We don't get $million bribes from Corporations like you all get . Your "Trump" swamp is stinking up the whole country . That is what people call the Swamp
@SpeakerRyan   I guess it is over your pay scale to understand that the job openings are due to people not being trained for the jobs that need filling . Where is the job training ? You gave Corporations $600billion tax cuts where are their job training programs , who is waiting?
@SpeakerRyan President Obama averaged 207,000 a month in job creation and "Trumpy the Clown" is just averaging 187,000 jobs a month , even after your Corproate and Billionaire tax Cut Bill . In other words trickle down never works and your a lying scum bag like your President .
@SpeakerRyan   What principle or precedent do you base "Wholly Appropriate" on ? You and "Trumpy the Clown " are in the minority and you approval rating is going down . But I guess that doesn't matter because Sheldon Adelson and Vladimir Putin are paying you .
@SpeakerRyan   "Wholly Appropriate" you are a spineless worm and your day of reckoning will catch up with you . You have sold this country out to a Russian despot , who would detroy every principle you supposedly have worked your life for . You need to just go away and not do har
Gee, how did that happen ? https://t.co/2QfZ2dEiyF
I smell dead, rotting fish . https://t.co/Cb9jP9iZqC
of the Iranian Nuclear Deanow groceries are getting more expensive because of Gasoline being more expensive .
really, really love how your trade negotiations with China and all the other trade partners is now causing inflation to set in . Gasoline is beginning to become more expensive because of you backing out of the Iranian Nuclear deal, Isreal is being attacked because you backed out
If this is the winning "Trumpy the Clown" promised us we'd be feeling , I have a feeling in my stomach that is more like a sickened feeling . Hey "Trumpy" I really love this new cheaper and better health care you worked so hard to get for us while you were playing golf . I https://t.co/fVwvT4o0yk
Every fish rots from the head and stinks more with every new day . https://t.co/Cb9jP9iZqC
by a foreign adversary the way @realDonaldTrump has been bought and paid for by Russia .
There is certainly no doubt in my mind , that the swamp is bigger and deeper now than it has ever been in my life . I don't remember it ever being this bad even during the McCarthy scandal of the 1950s . I don't remember any other President of the United States ever being bribed https://t.co/fVwvT4o0yk
Rep. @RepMarkMeadows  is demanding a federal audit of Special Counsel Robert Mueller , presumably so he can get access to classified information in the investigation , in an effort to short circuit the entire investigation .
I still haven't heard anyone explain why Rep. Mark Meadows had to go to the NATO meeting with @POTUS last summer. I have a feeling Rep. @RepMarkMeadows went there so @realDonaldTrump could introduce him to Vladimir Putin .
@RepMarkMeadows   You must know just how crooked "Trumpy the Clown" really is otherwise you wouldn't be so willing to do everything to stop the Mueller investigation . We will expose whatever you and crooked conspirators do and we will come after you  , the truth will come out.
information and derail Robert Mueller's investigation . It seems Republicans know just how crooked @POTUS is and they are so worried they will do everything to stop Mueller's investigation .
So, now all the crooked Republicans are becoming increasingly afraid the Special Counsel Robert Mueller is getting too close to exposing just how corrupt @realDonaldTrump is , so now Rep. Mark Meadows is demanding an audit of Mueller's investigation so he can see classified
@RepMarkMeadows   You corrupt Motherf*cker if you are able to derail the Mueller investigation we will just start another one after we vote you out . You will not be able to continue your corrupt attempts to derail the justice department investigation forever . The truth will win
Dahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. https://t.co/dld8iOpzNg
@MarkWarner   I am concerned about what the Republicans are doing to our country . I don't know what we can do until we change the balance of power . Democrats need to campaign on "Kitchen table Issues" and leave talk of Impeachment out of sight . Thank you for your service .
I am concerned , but what can we do until we change the balance of power . The Democrats have got to get smart and more "political" about the mid-term elections . Don't talk about impeachment , stick with "kitchen table issues" . https://t.co/77soyhUKvS
@HouseGOP   You should all be aware that Dennis Hassert (R-Ill) went to Prison after he left Congress . When you leave Cogress we'll come after you . Voters aren't going to put up with Republican Lies and schemes , we'll hunt you down .
"Trumpy the Clown" will look really good behind prison bars . Something about the cold gray steel goes really well with his "Orange Face" and those big blue circles his tanning bed glasses make around his eyes , it just co-ordinates really well . https://t.co/4b492lHEys
@SpeakerRyan   "Wholly Appropriate" you stupid F*uckface your whole party will pay for all of the Republican Illegal activities . Just remember F*ckface Dennis Hassert went to prison after he left Congress and we know where you live , you won't get away .
@VP   Remind the "Big Orange Dummy" that he is the fifth President to try to negotiate with North Korea . Don't order too much "Pop-Corn" .
@VP   Hey, F*ckface don't get too happy , Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA.) and Rep. Trey Gowdy(R-SC.) investigated Bengazi for four years . Grab a bag of "Pop-Corn" and take a seat .
@realDonaldTrump    Yeah, F*uckface you were right I'm so tired of winning . I can't wait until you drag us into Isreal War with Iran, Syria and Russia . That'll really help the "R's " in Congress get elected or re-elected . Gasoline will be $6.00/gal. and inflation will be bad .
The Republicans in the Senate Judiciary Committee aren't doing me any favors , they just don't want to have a nomination fight in the middle of mid-term elections . Can you imagine what the Democrats would be asking nominees ? https://t.co/70phfzTKKk
@realDonaldTrump   See, "Trumpy' here is another one of your lies . The difference is you have at least one Russian in every tree in the "Trumpy Swamp" . https://t.co/Zj2EnyH7rD
Gee, "Trumpy the Clown" we can't believe anything you say , you've lied over 3, 000 times just since your Inauguration .  That is like 6 1/2 times a day . https://t.co/QuYjgFqyef
Three more "Trumpy the Clown" lies . https://t.co/SXLGtFojmF
Another "Trumpy the Clown" lie . https://t.co/QuYjgFqyef
@realDonaldTrump    Seems as though there is a Russian in every tree in the "Trump Swamp ".
@realDonaldTrump   Another lie from the great Pumpkin Head . "Trumpy the Clown" doesn't even know the military has gotten pay raises every year for the last thirty years . Sad, "Trumpy the Clown" doesn't even know how his own government operates .
Wasn't the Bengazi hearing between Rep. Darrell Issa(R-CA.) and Rep. Trey Gowdy(R-SC.) about four years long ? Now the Republicans are saying 1 year is long enough for Robert S. Mueller's Investigation of Russians attacking our country ?
@realDonaldTrump  and his Kleptocratic Cabinet are stealing billions of dollars from the United States Treasury .
Joe @JoeNBC what if @POTUS is taking the United States out of all of our international agreements so @realDonaldTrump can make money by requiring our trading partners to pay him in order to do business with America .
How much is Vladimir Putin Paying the Republicans in Congress to subvert the due process of the American Judicial system ? https://t.co/1crc21Ft5P
Nicolle Wallace Left the White House. MSNBC Keeps Sending Her Back – Variety https://t.co/7riNLCE5hG
This is what the people of Missouri want their leaders to represent ? https://t.co/0epVwL8aFW
Kind of makes me wonder what kind of citizens they are raising at home . Do they teach their children any values at home or just or do they raise their children to have double standards ? A total lack of credibility . https://t.co/pnBgNLrDMs
the everyday lies and scandals then that is their right . I am not going to live my life lying and trying to remember what lie I told about what crime I committed .
"Trumpy the Clown" has been spewing sewage and stinking our country with his Trump garbage and now it is getting so deep everyone is choaking on his garbage . If the Republicans have no more principles than to want to live their lives the way "Trumpy the Clown" lives his with all
don't expect me to consign to his lies . If all the Republicans in America have no more principles than to subscribe to lies and want to live thier lives in the same sewr as "Trumpy the Clown" then go ahead . They probably already live their lives that way anyway .
"Trumpy the Clown" lies on the average 10 times a day, everyday and he wants us to accept his lies as our guiding for how we lives our lives . I am calling Bullsh*t . If "Trumpy the Clown" wants to lie and all his little suck babies want to believe him then that's fine , but
I live in Kentucky and I don't need a wall . If Texas, New Mexico, Arizona and California want a border wall then let them pay for it .
"Trumpy the Clown" is now threatening to shut the government down if "Trumpy the Clown" doesn't get his way . What ever happened to "Trumpy the Clown" saying Mexico was going to pay for his wall .
"Trumpy the Clown" must be really scared now because he didn't play golf yesterday May 5th .
Everyone needs to remember there are only two people who know the facts about what happened during the payoff and they are @realDonaldTrump  and Michael D. Cohen .
Drunk Rudy is back .
"Trumpy the Clown" is running is running the United States Government like John Gotti ran his crime family .
RT @ashleyfeinberg: happy two-year anniversary to ted cruz elbowing his wife in the face on stage three (3) times https://t.co/qn4c3xAcMP
Oh, Muckmaker you really out did yourself this time . https://t.co/4fgW4IjBD7
I've missed Obama since this "Trumpy the Clown" put his hoof on the Bible to take his Oath of Office . https://t.co/bWrH3Wv1cy
@realDonaldTrump is not a leader he is a spinner . https://t.co/heivmLJizl
Once we get "Trumpy the Clown" out of the White House it will take us years to fumigate the White House so it can be inhabitable by humans .
@realDonaldTrump is running our Govenment like Joseph Bonono ran his New York Crime Family . I keep waiting for a RICO indictment to hit "Trumpy the Clown" .
These young people have it exactly right . I am so proud of them , they are doing this the right way . This is not about ending the second Amendment , this is about having reasonable gun laws . https://t.co/CRGXnmYBFu
Anyone know why ? https://t.co/MDliUqOt8h
"Trumpy the Clown" has to go to Dallas because the NRA owns him . He must go to Dallas and he must speak their speak . https://t.co/tMDlFF2UW3
I hope they make those papers public , but I am not going to hold my breath . https://t.co/HSmnHNHRTM
I'll take whatever odds they want to put on whether the public go after Mueller if he prosecutes Ivanka Trump . https://t.co/qjjUS3f7MV
Not only is @realDonaldTrump a Liar , but he doesn't even know when he is lying .
@realDonaldTrump   Hey, Fathead you're still riding President Obama's unemployment wave .
@realDonaldTrump  Hey, you BOZO looking clown, if you don't want to be caught in a perjury trap, just don't lie .
Hey,  Trumpy if you don't want to be caught in a perjury trap, don't lie .
Did anyone ever find out how much money Vladimir Putin paid Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC) last summer when he went Europe for NATO meeting with Trump ?
"Trumpy the Clown" should file a law suit against whoever painted that Orange"Sh*t" on his face and those white circles around his eyes .
Evangelical Priest the next Chaplain of the Congress .
So, the Republicans in Congress can't even stop themselves from dragging the Chaplain of Congress into their swamp by firing the Chaplain and making it political . The Republicans in Congress just can't help themselves but make everything political . I bet they wind up making an
Trump just blew a head gasket . Now he is leaking vital fluids . https://t.co/mWCs2BUhkk
@4fWilliams   That's why god created remote controls , if you don't like Morning Joe don't watch it .
@Morning_Joe Is Elliott Broidy a front man for Sean Hannity , to hide behind so Michael Cohen could pay $1.3million to Playboy Model for Sean Hannity .
No doubt you have a lot of Republitards drunk on Trump Kool-Aid . https://t.co/gCVeS1HaIk
@realDonaldTrump   James Comey probably didn't take notes with Clinton and Lynch because they don't have  .the reputation of being liars like you do . Dumb *ss
@realDonaldTrump  You gave Kim Jung-in standing in his world by agreeing to meet with him , Dumb *ss .
Because other countries don't have the NRA and Government officials that take money from Russian so people can murder their fellow citizens at will in churches , in schools , and while enjoying the many wonderful blessings our creator has given us to enjoy . https://t.co/iHjic0gS8N
@realDonaldTrump make from knowing you and if he can't make money by interacting with a person or situation then he wouldn't have anything to do with that person or situation and that is how he is running our country .
Can you imagine what kind of NDA Melania had to sign , in order for DJT to marry her ? Everything @realDonaldTrump  did was transactional , meaning he looks at everything from the point of view of how much money is this transaction worth to @realDonaldTrump . How much money can https://t.co/O59M0FXxdM
Not only is Mike Pence's Abortion Bill unconstitutional but Mike Pence is unconstitutional . https://t.co/p0XIek2qld
This just goes to show the Republitards have no business governing this country , they should all move to Russia . https://t.co/ozdtwk8ZFZ
That is why Trump has Rudy Giuliani as an attorney , because everyone else knows Trump won't listen to his attorney . The definition of a bad Client for an attorney is a client who thinks they smarter than their attorney , and Trump definitely thinks he is the smartest person . https://t.co/cEUQb6d8e0
Well, I've never been investigated by Robert Mueller so I'm retweeting . I'm not a criminal or a traitor , I'll testify , put me under oath . I'm not afraid . https://t.co/Ph3XczfQKT
Alex Jones is claiming to have morals ? It feels like the Poles of the Earth just flipped. https://t.co/sRER52QgdT
@realDonaldTrump https://t.co/pr5HeqfFvT
We must all stay vigilant to make sure this never ha.ppens again https://t.co/I3lYm7VW1Q
@realDonaldTrump https://t.co/y2ed1Nfr8k
@realDonaldTrump   I know what you mean about wanting to have someone fired , I've been trying to get you fired for over a year .
I would like to suggest that you specify the mattress be wrapped in it's plastic cover , so you don't get any of the bed bugs . https://t.co/IYBOPfzh1R
When I bought my last gun the NRA sent me enrollment papers and I put them in the bottom of my cat's litter box . https://t.co/SjDvXBWrIq
@Nicolle DWallace  Has anyone asked why @realDonaldTrump  took Representative Mark Meadows(R-NC) to the NATO Conference with him last May ? That was where @realDonaldTrump had those secret meetings with Putin and set up a secret Meeting in the White House, later cancelled .
Appeals court rules against Trump administration over ‘sanctuary cities’ https://t.co/KFa3FlMA6e
Cambridge Analytica exec reveals there were more quizzes used to collect data https://t.co/g3Bt3FY7mP
Congratulations Senator Duckworth , it is past due . https://t.co/zyfNsZRmhs
Would anyone be surprised if the Russian Embassy knew before Ambaasdor Haley ? Everyone knews Putin owns Trump and it is just a matter of time before Trump's dealings are exposed . https://t.co/pkvxItxroe
If states and cities are being cheated it is their fault . I guess Trump wants to tax e-commerce and raise the cost of goods for hard working Americans like Trump's Tariffs . https://t.co/JouLky7qLJ
Online shopping is the new way Americans want to spend their money . Online shopping is much more convenient . Trump won't tell me how I will spend my money . I don't have to deal with the crowd and it takes less time and time is money . https://t.co/JouLky7qLJ
I guess people are starting to understand the NRA is just another operation for Putin to use to undermine our democracy . Putin and other Russians donated millions of dollars to the NRA in 2016 . to sew division in our country . https://t.co/isbN3vtPJf
Trump has told so many lies he is getting them confused . https://t.co/2aqVdq3bz3
This is just another Trump lie . https://t.co/2aqVdq3bz3
@realDonaldTrump   Thank you , for telling another lie . You've told so many lies you're getting them confused . This is why you're not supposed to lie , stupid . Video tapes don't lie , so go ahead and discredit yourself . Your 30% supporters are the only ones believing you now.
It's all falling apart for "Trumpy the Dumpster" now he is forgetting which lie he told who . Does "Trumpy the Dumpster" not remember from one lie to the next ? I think he has told so many lies he is getting them confused , "Pitiful"
Trump is running the White House like a Mafia Godfather , shaking everyone down for "Insurance Money" . If people don't pay their "Insurance  Money" then their "Project" doesn't move forward . Trump is a crook , a "Punk" .
sanctions are more long term punishment .
@realDonaldTrump is using his position as President of the U.S. to put himself in the position of telling Vladimir Putin that if Putin will help him build his Moscow Trump Tower then Trump won't allow more U.S. sanctions on Russia . Air strikes are tempory punitive actions while
Trump is using his position as President of the United States of America to help him attain his Moscow Trump Tower and that is why Trump was against further U.S. sanctions against Russia .
We knew all along Hannity and Trump were a perfect match . Insert Tab "A" into slot "B" . https://t.co/P0kkSkapAQ
You're talking about SpeakerRyan and Mitch McConnell and they are both spineless worms that will never have spines and are more interested in receiving their bribe money from the NRA . https://t.co/UyPE1ObWic
Aerosmith's . https://t.co/uELcOrRKLX
Vladimir Putin is probably running Faux News like he is running the GOP and the NRA . He has given money to all three and they have accepted his money so they are in Collusion and he has influence with them . https://t.co/ER66rqTQzg
Tell Congress: Don't Let the King Amendment Wipe Out State Animal Protection Laws!  https://t.co/GGQD4q73h5 @moveon
Stop Pompeo  https://t.co/KWNLUHWmGf @moveon
Support Bipartisan Legislation to Protect the Mueller Investigation  https://t.co/nmMLPKPYLr @moveon
Come on People lets get busy . https://t.co/WO9NSly3cG
with his TV and remote , eating Big Macs with Special Sauce running off his chin .
More Pearls of wisdom from the future of America . Why aren't our leaders as insightful as our youth . Our cuurent "Leaders" need to turn it up a couple of notchs or be left behind . Does that certain "Apprentice Alumni" have anything to add ? I doubt it , probably still playing https://t.co/urjJ685Rfv
So now Sean Hannity , of Faux(FOX) news is saying he may have handed Michael Cohen ten dollars and said "I want your Attorney-client Privelege" .
Michael Cohen and Sean Hannity are so close like two lovers rolled up in a rug and it is just a matter of who is in the front .
@seanhannity   You're a two faced phony and everyone knows it now . Maybe you need a vacation , and just not come back .
@seanhannity   You may as well go file for unemployment .
@seanhannity  What makes you think anyone believes you, anymore . You're exposed for your true worthlessness .
Please Cast your vote and retweet , we need a real poll , not some halfbaked poll . https://t.co/PxjJ8EkzLS
My question is how many women does Michael Cohen have on an NDA for these three Clowns ?
All the Clowns in the Trump Circus are drunk on Trump Wine . https://t.co/Z6mP2UFVVE
Ethicacy is all I have to say , wow . https://t.co/9WoPy0Zoi0
Ethicacy . https://t.co/FFXDN81vXE
My question is what is Fox News doing to women ? https://t.co/FFXDN81vXE
Ahh, who would have thought Sean Hannity a Hypocrite ? https://t.co/sp0MCTpNBv
How many Faux News personalities have been shamed off the air due to scandals ?
Sean Hannity knew his name would be disclosed as a Michael Cohen client all weekend long . So why wasn't he out front with his followers ? Do you think he is scared ? https://t.co/b5mHtyW4jh
@B52Malmet  Congratulations on the 2 beautiful grandbabies .
@romyreiner   They are now one big sticky , gooey slime ball .
Elliott Broidy and @realDonaldTrump both used Michael Cohen to cover-up sexual relationships with multiple women , so what has Sean Hannity been hiring him to do ?
How many Rubels does Putin want for those copies of the videos of the Russian Prostitutes giving @realDonaldTrump his Golden Shower ?
Did Stormy Daniels have to spank @realDonaldTrump with her magazine in order to arouse him ?
Did Stormy Daniels spanking @realDonaldTrump with her magazine sexually arouse @POTUS ?
Did Stormy Daniels give @realDonaldTrump a Golden Shower after she spanked him with her magazine ? Did Stormy Daniels make a Video of her spanking @realDonaldTrump before they were intimate ?
@realDonaldTrump   After Stormy Daniels spanked you with her magazine , did she give you a golden shower also ?
How many Russian Prostitutes does it take to hose-off a President in Moscow ? The same number as it takes at Mara-Lago ?
@realDonaldTrump   Question: How many Prostitutes does it take to hose-off a President in Moscow ? Answer : The same number as it takes at Mara-Lago .
@realDonaldTrump   Raising the Interest Rates is to control Inflation which will kill job growth and stifle the Economy . Wake-up , put down your remote , stop eating BIG Macs and get out of your Jammies .
@realDonaldTrump   Gotcha, Ha ,Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha,
I believe the whole Republican Party in Washington, DC will wind up being found guilty of a criminal conspiracy with the Russians conspiring against the United States government . The whole Republican Party has been bribed by Russia to conspire against America .
@realDonaldTrump   We are going to put your whole crime family in Prison and you will grow old and spend the rest of your life rotting in Prison .
@realDonaldTryou, You think you are angry, You G*d D*MN F*cking Crooked *ss MOFO . You are the Most crooked, Treasonous MOFO . I can't wait until we get you in your CAGE at GITMO . We are going to put you and your whole family in a Cage at  GITMO to rot forever .
@realDonaldTrump  You're an immature little boy . Repeating yourself doesn't impress anyone eccept other immature little people . You're a sick MOFO .
.The whole damn Republican Party and their Voters are stuck in 2016 . https://t.co/8t7yNxSXqc
Welcome Aboard . https://t.co/oU43oBPJi6
Let me get this straight @realDonaldTrump  had Russian Prostittutes Urinate on him while he was laying in the Moscow Hotel bed President Obama and MRS. Obama slept in, and he doesn't regret it ? Eventhough Trump was Married to Melania in 2005 and had his "Golden Shower" in 2013?
With @POTUS giving Scooter Libby a pardon he is advertising that he has no respect for the rule of law . he is also saying he will pardon anyone and everyone he wants to , reguardless of guilt .
@realDonaldTrump  You're a disgrace to the Office you hold and we are going to run you and your crooked menagerie out of Washington, DC and put whole crooked stinking clan in Prison .
@POTUS  You're a disgrace to the Office you hold .
@realDonaldTrump   Congratulations you're in unpopular than Adolf Hitler . More Americans hate @realDonaldTrump than hate Adolf Hitler . You're biggest achievement , is to develop a fan club to hate you . They know you're a crooked, lying thief . Obama created more jobs than you.
@realDonaldTrump   Make no mistake we are going to send you and your whole crooked family to prison , for a long time .
@realDonaldTrump   Comey even talked about your rings around your eyes from tanning bed goggles . Your phony ignoramus .
@realDonaldTrump   Pack Your bags , we will send you to prison , for obstruction of justice , just like Nixon you'll be impeached and then when you're not president we'll put you on trial for treason . You crooked MOFO .
@realDonaldTrump   Your nothing but a Traitor and a Liar , you're destroying your own Presidency and we'll be glad to send you to prison for collusion with Russia .
@realDonaldTrump   Since Rob Rosenstein is leading your Russian Collusion case , if you fire him that will be Obstruction of Justice .
@SarahHuckabee   We'll be sure to save a place for you at GITMO along with your boss, so pack your bags . You're as corrupt as your boss , I guess you'll need to get your father to provide for your children , just pack your bags .
@realDonaldTrump   You slimy MOFO your whole administration is so corrupt I can't say it without getting myself banned from Twitter . But I can say we still have your Cage at GITMO .
Are you all trying to say that @realDonaldTrump was just taking urine samples from those Prostitutes in Moscow so he could sell them Vitamins ? https://t.co/zwJkHhRw5q
Does anyone need an explanation as to why the Republicans are in for a rough mid- term ? https://t.co/zFKZxUkDhZ
Scott Pruitt should be paranoid , since he is robbing Americans blind . https://t.co/bLzDHKvKUZ
Yeah, I'll RT that . https://t.co/ocdnfZuqSJ
You don't look like someone that has to tip toe in five feet of water . https://t.co/XXICt6RxuP
More like, Thumbs up if you don't know a woman can have an orgasm . https://t.co/z9BuGLbFp3
Dynamite comes in a small package . https://t.co/kz8L7QiTO2
@realDonaldTrump  Told us the truth during the Presidential Campaign when he told us the election was rigged and he knew it . He just didn't tell us he knew the Russians were rigging the elction in his favor .
Did Trump ever put his name on air freshner and insecticide . We are going to have to fumigate the White House,when we get Trump out of it . Well, I guess we couldn't trust anything with his name on it . https://t.co/bDNFrgJAwZ
Let's not get our hopes up too high, as weak as this SOB is he has to always tell his followers how he is so mistreated by the big bad media and liberals . He feels he so aggrieved and mistreated , when everyone else knows he brings it on himself by his stupidity . https://t.co/PFGjPbD4fI
@JohnBrennan   You are absolutely correct we do have the opportunity to come out of this catastrophy and be in a much better circumstance but we need to go through this wide-eyed and aware of the dangers we will encounter along the way . https://t.co/X16a1O8gJJ
relinquish his claim on the multi-million dollar potential kickback jackpot .
After @SpeakerRyan announced he was not running for re-election his caucus began calling him a lame duck and asked him to step aside so they could elect a new Leader now and beigin to transition . Apparantly @SpeakerRyan  has too much money in the Pipeline and is not willing to
It should never be bad for any one to tell someone you love them . https://t.co/1yDlpy6ucw
So the @POTUS  had Russian Prostitutes in his Moscow Hotel Room and they Urinated on him while he was laying in the bed where the Obamas had slept , and he got off on having them Urinate on him and the bed . The Pervert President .
@POTUS  is the one who leaked National Security Secrets to the Russians while they were visiting the White House .
@realDonaldTrump   You're the one who leaked National Security Secrets to the Russians in the White House . You're a J*ck*ss liar .
our Constitution allows us to enjoy we must defend our country against this person . Don't allow @realDonaldTrump to subvert our Constitution and the rule of law .
@realDonaldTrump is launching a full scale attack on the Principles which are the foundations of our democracy . Now is the time for us to rise up and defend our nation and hold @realDonaldTrump accountable for his treasonous actions .  If we value our freedom and all the rights
@realDonaldTrump   You are the traitor , the con man , you have done nothing but lie and corrupt the entire Republican Party . The Majority of Americans are too smart to be fooled by a simple minded ignoramous like you .
@realDonaldTrump   We still have your Cage waiting for you at GITMO . It is getting closer to the time for your reckoning .
@realDonaldTrump   You are the sicko who is trying to corrupt  America . We will defeat you and your sycophantic traitors . This will be a war and you will lose .
@realDonaldTrump   You are the slime ball who had four prostitutes in your hotel room at the Moscow Ritz Carlton .
@realDonaldTrump   Only the slobbering, sycophants in the GOP will believe anything you say . James Comey's book will be the biggest best seller of all times . You can't stop this .
@GOP   The James Comey book has all you weak kneed , slobbering idiots scared . Your attempt to discredit James Comey will only increase the number of books he sells . Thank you for your support .
This tweet was probably hatched in Russia . https://t.co/MhuuUBoAmp
This is One Sick F*ck*ss . How do you fight someone who is so weak they must hide behind the anonymity of Twitter ? https://t.co/MhuuUBoAmp
@realDonaldTrump    Everyone knows you're a liar . You have not made one true statement since your inauguration . https://t.co/9jqBqyE3lx
Does this child look familiar to anyone ? Please claim your child . https://t.co/M3FJbnHrFM
Which one is the Dumby ? https://t.co/SOutLqPKwo
All Patriotic Americans need to stand up for the Constitution and the American rule of Law and Boycott Fox News . We need to support the Special Counsel and not watch Fox News and not buy any of the products advertized on Fox News .
Fox News should change its name to Fascist News .
@sofiaabermejo   Never let anyone shame you for being a woman . The true beauty of a woman can only come from within when she is confident in herself .
@lizzymartineez   Don't let people shame your body , you must learn to love yourself before anyone else can love you . Be proud of yourself , that is the "secret" to a happy and fulfilling life . The true beauty of a woman comes from within , when they are confident and strong .
@lizzymartineez   I took a Physiology Class in the Nineth Grade in Louisville, Kentucky , which taught us the function of the parts of the body . It also taught us how and why men and women's bodies were different . Maybe students should have classes like that now .
@Morning_Joe Bill Kristol has a website that is going up this morning on "Fox and Friends" that is called "Republicans for the Rule of Law" . He has several Republican Lawmakers who are warning President Trump to let Mueller do his job .
@realDonaldTrump   You're not supposed to warn our adversaries that we are going to strike at them . You just handed the Russians, Syrians and Iranians a great advantage by knowing we are going to strike . The longer we wait to strike the better they will hide .
Now that Donald Trump has warned Vladimir Putin that the United States is going to strike Russian, Syrian and Iranian forces and those forces are being sheltered , what else will Donald Trump do to aid our adversaries in Syria ?
One more step in the right direction . https://t.co/Kckaa1ZBtm
@JoeNBC  I don't believe Donald Trump Jr. was the person who convinced the President he had the power to fire the Special Counsel , Robert S. Mueller III . I believe Alan Dershowitz had dinner with the President Monday orTuesday , evening and discussed this with him .
@DeadlineWH   Just for kicks , ask your panel if they believe if the Trump Organization being kicked out of the Trump Panama Hotel would have anything to do with the President's temper tantrum .
@NicolleDWallace Just for kicks , ask your panel if they think the Trump Organization being kicked out of the Trump Panama Hotel has anything to do with this temper tantrum by the President .
@davidhogg111   Just read you were accepted at U.C., Irvine, Congratulations .
Well, of course it is connected the money for tax cuts has to come from somewhere else . https://t.co/kduo48jF3a
So, Ivanka Trump's Chinese junk won't be affected by Trump's Tariifs on Chinese junk ? https://t.co/9Gk4xUGrIu
That is absolutely correct . I don't know if this raid was because of Stormy Daniels or the $150,000 Victor Pinchuk , a Russian Steel magnate, paid Trump for a speech . https://t.co/OutQuusVOa
@realDonaldTrump   Don't you know that it is illegal for you to accept $150,000 from Victor Pinchuk for your Presidential Campaign ? That money is illegal according to Federal Campaign Finance laws . You are a crook .
I really, really, really like that slogan . https://t.co/8GzxBHBIub
@realDonaldTrump   You are the one that caused yourself to be where are . You are the one who fired James Comey and that is why we have Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller III . If your attorney hadn't paid Stormy Daniel , the DOJ wouldn't have subpoenaed him .
@realDonaldTrump   On AF-One you told the reporters they had to speak to Michael Cohen , your attorney, about Stormy Daniels and now we are . This is about your attorney paying Stormy Daniels that hush money . The DOJ is following your orders .
@realDonaldTrump   The Department of Justice has not attacked you . Why are you so defensive ? Are you afraid ? Why are you afraid ,if you are innocent ? You are acting like you are afraid . Everything was done legally yesterday . This was about Stormy Daniels .
@POTUS   If you are innocent , why are you acting so guilty ?
@POTUS    Poor baby .
@SykesCharlie  The GOP made a pact with the Devil and the American People will pay for it .
@TammyforIL  Congratulations on the birth of your daughter . I pray everyone is doing well , May God Bless you and your loved ones .
@superwuster  I just saw you on MSNBC and beagn reading your twitter and for what it's worth , I believe we need more people with your views . Thank you for stating your views and may I say I hope you continue expressing your views . https://t.co/Vb5Wk8CgJq
@POTUS  Holding a Cabinet Meeting and had to be pressed by Journalists before he mentioned the Syrian Chemical Attack .
If Trump hadn't invited Putin to the White House Putin wouldn't have gassed Syrian civilians .
Obama trusted Putin to eliminate Assad's chemical weapons and they just lied and Trump believed them .
Assad's chemical attack is what happens when Trump invites Putin to the White House , as a sign of weakness .
Maybe they should just stick their heads in something so they can't see what is going on around them . Implausible Deniability can't survive . https://t.co/WJY9wXUT3j
GottaTellya must be someone whose entire life revolves around watching T.V. This movement is about changing the world  either get on board or get out of the way  . https://t.co/RfmaKntx2X
@seanhannity  This is a Public Service Announcement .  We know you were at MARA- LAGO last weekend but did you know Unprotected ANAL SEX With Monkeys was the source of AIDS ?
@realDonaldTrump  Your 35% support won't keep you out of GITMO .
@realDonaldTrump You're illegitimate President and the Stench of your corruption is spreading . Scott Pruitt and Ryan Zinke will be investigated and you will pay .
@summerlvn82 Nice, love your filter .
Sasquatch is correct about that . https://t.co/NMUTr5XEqI
@realDonaldTrump Stupidman . https://t.co/xpycGLVset
All we need now is the introduction music and screen shots of him flyimg . Maybe, instead of him flying maybe we should have a screen shot of him sitting on a toilet . https://t.co/xpycGLVset
I am with you . https://t.co/ohEWWvuoSR
We need more people tweeting the crooked @POTUS urging him to can the crooked EPA Administrator . https://t.co/1azuRWQgIp
The crooked @POTUS needs to get rid of the crooked EPA Administrator .
Each Border Patrol Agent apprehends two immigrants a month per agent . These are DHS numbers . Why do we need National Guard on the border ?
@RepDanKildee   The Democrats in Congress need to keep the pressure on the crooked President to get rid of the crooked E.P.A. Administrator .
@realDonaldTrump  Larry Kudlow is destroying his reputation defending you . Another Swamp Thing , like you .
@realDonaldTrump   You J*ck*ss , you'll never reach 50% . You're lying again .
@realDonaldTrump   You stupid idiot there is NO CARAVAN in Mexico , coming to America . Your paranoid old *ss is being led around by your nose by your tin foil constituency , wasting my tax money . You F*cking old fool .
@realDonaldTrump  F*ck You , you didn't win the election , you and Putin stole the election . You stole information from Facebook  with Putin and stole the election and you're stealing taxpayer money .
@realDonaldTrump  You didn't win the election and you're crooked Administration is stealing my money .
@realDonaldTrump   You're illegitimate administration is stealing my money , you crooked B*st*rd .
@realDonaldTrump   You're an Illegitimate , Crooked President , you didn't win the popular vote and we're going to fix that .
@realDonaldTrump    You're an illegimate , crooked President .
@realDonaldTrump   The Trump swamp is getting bigger . You and your crooked Administration are letting American people down . You work for all of us and your crooked administration are cheating us your stealing my money.
@davidhogg111  This is what happens every time someone goes against the NRA and their right-wing supporters , they make the fight personal and begin attacking your personal integrity and making lies about you . They are making you out to be a Hilter loving Nazi .
@davidhogg111  I just thought you should know about this garbage dump , it's called https://t.co/4FOmfD2rtU .
@gs777gs777 You are another snake born under the same rock as Trumpy the Clown . You need to go somewhere else . America doesn't want or need you .
@realDonaldTrump  You are an old fool , who needs to crawl back under your rock . You are destroying America's economy because you don't understand the reality of real life . You are ignorant .
@realDonaldTrump   You're an embarrassment to our country . Bumbling, stumbling old fool .
@realDonaldTrump   Your lies are destroying our economy . You are stupid, lying idiot .
@realDonaldTrump Americans don't trust you with Putin because you're a TRAITOR .
@realDonaldTrump You're a J*ck*ss , we don't trust with putin because you're having an affair with him .
@realDonaldTrump   Scott Pruitt will be fired sooner or later, sometime around the same time you're fired .
@realDonaldTrump  I'll bet Putin gets some of your *ss Hole when you meet him . Do you love Putin more than Melania ? I'll bet you do , you act like your sweet on him .
@romyreiner The Tippy Top White House is an International Laughing stock .
Isn't that precious ? https://t.co/MKSJCN4l9T
It should be obvious , the NRA knows no shame . https://t.co/BjjYZnLe8P
@realDonaldTrump   You're a Soviet Slut .
@realDonaldTrump   I hope Putin gets in your *ss again  .
@realDonaldTrump   Temper Tantrum like a child .
@realDonaldTrump   You're acting out like a 2year old brat . Your Father was a P*ssy who should have spanked you .
@realDonaldTrump   No you're wrong about Amazon . If you want pay scale , change the Freaking Law . You don't have the right to degrade an American Company that is more Patriotic than you . You're just a F*cking J*ck*ss .
@realDonaldTrump   Administrator Scott Pruitt will go one way or another . He is a F*cking Crook just like you , birds of a feather .
wannabe Dictator in the White House who wants to run America like some Banana Republic . Buckle -up kids this is going to be a wild ass ride .
corporations such as Cambridge Analytica , so they will be able to harvest personal Information on Citizens and turn around and sell it to the same Republicans who passed the law to allow them to harvest that information . What could possibily go wrong ? We could wound up with a
It appears that I have right all along , The Republicans in Congress are embracing the theft of American Citizens personal information as long as they can use it to their advantage . Sens. John Cornyn and Ted Cruz  both voted to weaken the oversight regulations for internet https://t.co/trmIQDTZFH
That a girl , keep that name I.D. up . https://t.co/VNCSIE327L
@NorthTXBlue  That is fantastic News , I wish you all good luck . I personally am working on Senator Mitch McConnell's retirement , that is a heavy haul . Good luck flipping .
and Iran in the Middle East .
Evangelicals are stupid enough to believe Moscow is going to unite with America to fight Muslims ? Russia is half Muslim. Look at the map . The countries that were part of the Soviet Union were all Muslim , Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan , and others . Also Russia is allied with Syria https://t.co/fo2F4iiIus
@realDonaldTrump You're a disgrace , all you crooked swampers are going to prison .
@funkpuncher Remember you're not in this by yourself , there are literally millions of people watching you and your friends who want to support you all . We have been working on gun control for a long time and we're growing . Never quit . Never again .
@funkpuncher Don't apologize for being yourself . You're doing a great job dealing with everything . Be yourself , try not to let everything else change you .
@funkpuncher Don't apologize for being yourself . I am sorry you are having to deal with all these extra things in your life . When I was your age I only had to deal with school work and hanging with my friends . The students at MSD are having to deal with a lot , you're great ,
@giu0807   Your clear backpack is a poor excuse for student safety . Maybe that is all the state allowed for in the money allowed in the budget . That is weak .
@xo_karmin_ox I don't think your an overthinker, you are absolutely correct about people having the wrong priorities , your education should be the top priority of the State Governor instead of cutting the Education System budget .
in the world and the best school system in the world . We just have that any more . But with people more concerned about saving money and not having well educated students this is what you get . People's priorities are not right .
the State of Florida is undermining the value of the future of our Country by not educating students properly and not protecting them while the students are trying to get an education . This didn't happen when I was in school and we were known to have the best educated students https://t.co/MtGAbscSHE
That is Republican Priority they are out to undermine public education so they can justify eliminating it from the U.S. budget and put it in the State's control so they can privatize it and use Charter Schools . https://t.co/e8JzP1PhHU
@SpeakerRyan You and your stupid President will be held accountable for this Market Crash and our ensuing cost of living to rise . Your Republican Party needs to rein this idiot in before he destroys our economy .
@SenateMajLdr Your Republican party will be held accountable for this trade war with China , attacking Amazon , causing products to cost us more and causing the economy to tank . You really beleive people will care about Hillary Clinton after your Party caused us to lose money .
@SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan need to be tweeted and reminded their @POTUS is the one who started this trade war with China and caused the stock market to crash .
@SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan need to be held accountable for their @POTUS starting a TRADE WAR with CHINA  and causing the srock market to tank .
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS TRUMPY the CLOWN .
@realDonaldTrump  @POTUS Dumpf you're a J*ck*ss trying to cover your F*ck-up by starting a TRADE WAR WITH CHINA . That is why the STOCK MARKET is tanking .
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  you forgot to take credit for the Stock Market tanking today .
Taking a knee is a form of protest and that is our heritage . https://t.co/MPCraLUX1Q
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  Liar, Crook, and a Traitor we're going to send you to GITMO .
18 times @POTUS  Dumpf was given the opportunity to sign a DACA Bill and he rejected everyone of them after saying he'd sign anything Congress sent to him . https://t.co/CuIFClcZNH
There are 18 times @POTUS Dumpf rejected bipartisan bills to fix DACA so how can he blame anyone else , since he stated he would sign any DACA Bill passed by Congress, so pass one . https://t.co/CuIFClcZNH
@realDonaldTrump is tweeting this fire storm to distract from the Stock Market tanking . The Stormy Daniel affair he had and the fact he doesn't have any idea how to negotiate with Kim Jung Un .
The School Administration at Margory Stoneman Douglas need to contact Govenor Rick Scott and get him to declare that Air Space a no fly zone . https://t.co/xsI8oi7T60
@realDonaldTrump   Hey, J*ack *ss the stock market is tanking because of your tariffs , China is starting a Trade War and your tweeting to hide it .
Yes, Sara you're right , but it is more 37,00 HighSchools you didn't count the grade schools and middle schools , shopping malls and even churches . Oh, and movie theatres , we've got you . https://t.co/xCOOmBGJ1L
@SzZeif   Sam the man . Sorry , you have to deal with something I've been fighting for over 40 years , the NRA .
to justify the NRA's existence . The NRA spreads conspiracy theories and lies to justify you giving them your money . I quit the NRA in 1971 and I still own my guns so why do I need the NRA . Thank you for protecting my right to bear arms, thank you for paying for my rights .
Why do people need the NRA when the U.S. Constitution guarantees Americans the Right to bear arms . The NRA takes your membership dues and wastes that money paying politicians and why ? The only reason to justify the NRA is for them to take your money and give it to politicians https://t.co/nHvHPjmFuQ
@realDonaldTrump   We still have your CAGE at GITMO . We have your CAGE at GITMO just for you and all your other crooks like RYAN ZINKE and SCOTT PRUITT .
@realDonaldTrump   You're a bumbling, stumbling OLD FOOL .
@realDonaldTrump   You F*cking J*ack-*ss YOU ended DACA with your Executive Order .
@realDonaldTrump   You're a F*cking , goofy idiot people coming across border can't apply for DACA . They have be here since 2007 .
@realDonaldTrump   You're an idiot , DACA is only for people who have been in U.S. before 2007 . You're a Jack-*ss liar .
@realDonaldTrump   You're a goofy, Corrupt criminal and we're going to put you in your Cage at GITMO .
@realDonaldTrump    You're a weak *ssed , goofy, old fool whose whole Administration is almost as corrupt as you are . We are going to take you yo court over your emolument scandal and put you in your Cage at GITMO , with Ryan Zinke and Scott Pruitt and all your other crooks .
Trade war escalates as China says it will impose tariffs on 128 U.S. exports, including pork and fruit https://t.co/i3SZw7V5eO
@realDonaldTrump Y ou're also stupid because you ended DACA , with an Executive Order .
@realDonaldTrump You're a weak, miserable , bumbling , stumbling old fool . You will rot in a Cage at GITMO .
@realDonaldTrump is attacking Amazon to get even with Jeff Bezos because @realDonaldTrump doesn't like what the Washington Post writes about him . Third World Dictator tries to silence the press .
@realDonaldTrump You're ate up , with your evil .
@realDonaldTrump   The whole country just saw you kill DACA . Your brain is so tormented , you're not making sense . You're ate up with evil .
Trump is going crazy because he can feel the law closing in on him .
@KyleKashuv You're a worthless piece of crap who just needs to grow-up . Just keep your mouth shut until you learn to respect people who have gone through traumatic situations . You have no right to degrade these people . Just trying to make a name for yourself ?
I couldn't tell which one you were talking about until the last line . https://t.co/uPNE5ZOh5I
I've got $200 says he was passed drunk . Why else wouldn't he answer the door ? https://t.co/u4M5YupDsu
OMG, he is so goofy , he really burned his brain out in the 1970s . He is totally ate up . https://t.co/grYfp5uneO
Has anyone else noticed how much @realDonaldTrump is tweeting to cover up the fact Stormy Daniels is going to depose him and the Federal Court ruled against his Washington, DC Hotel in his emolument law suit ?
The NRA has brain washed Americans into beleiving we need the NRA so we can own guns , it it stated in the U.S. Constitution that we have a right to bare arms . People are fools to pay the NRA for Membership in their Club . We don't need them .
@NRATV   The NRA has outlived its usefulness , the Constitution guarantees Americans have the right to own a gun so why do we need the NRA and pay them for doing nothing ? Americans don't need the NRA we are guaranteed the right to own guns . Just go away , you're too divisive .
@NRATV   You all are a bunch of sickos . You are going to go broke because people are starting to realize the NRA is the reason a lot of people are turning against gun ownership . We don't have to pay the NRA to own a gun , so why pay membership to a dying organization ?
Scott Pruitt will survive this because he will keep his head so far up @realDonaldTrump 's *ss that he can't back out , like a Tick on a dog . Trump will have to put a lighter on his *ss to get him to back out . https://t.co/FPJdxrw1sd
He is holding hands with Melania so she can't run away . https://t.co/j74Ayt3Zdk
Trump is lashing out (Temper Tantrum) because he is not getting his way , Stormy Daniels is going to depose him and he is being sued in Federal Court over his Washington, D.C. Hotel . https://t.co/XKM3RgWZZ5
@SpeakerRyan   You're a worthless, hypocrite , you need to stop trying to fool anyone . Everyone is fed up with you and all the Republican Hypocrites in Washington . Just shut up and go away . You're a goofy worm .
@realmiserable DonaldTrump  Lashing out because the Federal Judge ruled against your Hotel ? Pitiful , you're a weak , miserabl B*st*ard . I hope you break  your neck trying to suck your own D*ck .
White people were foreigners in America until we murdered enough Native Americans until we were the majority . https://t.co/B8QjmmpFSr
It must be difficult to know what goes on in the World if you never come out from under your rock . If you live with your head in your *ss  all the time you won't know if it is day or night . https://t.co/QiH3TamfDT
Now we're going to see the  @realDonaldTrump . https://t.co/5gTFX16NIG
@realDonaldTrump   You're a Goofy F*ck*ng crook , a liar and a Traitor . We're going to put you in your Cage At GITMO .
@realDonaldTrump   You're a crook and atraitor and we'll put you in a cage at GITMO . I'll bet you get your rocks off sitting around in your Jammies eating BIG MACs and FRENCH FRIES, tweeting about BEZOS .
@realDonaldTrump   We still have your Cage at GITMO .
@realDonaldTrump   You're a pitiful SOB .
@realDonaldTrump    We still have your Cage at GITMO .
@POTUS   You're an embarrassment to our great Country . Stormy Daniels has made you mad so you take it out on Washington Post and Amazon . We still have your Cage in GITMO .
@realDonaldTrump   Stormy Daniels scandal is getting into your brain ,so you're taking it out on Bezos . You're weak cry baby .
Scott Walker is trying to represent the John Birch Society . https://t.co/d1TUV4Bp5r
Duh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111111111 https://t.co/bkhGrP7k95
school budgets and now they want to say public schools are ineffective . Well if we don't fund our schools the quality of education will suffer, Dah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is about time . Republicans want to attack public schools , have they forgotten they have been cutting school budgets to the point where teachers are having to purchase supplies out of their own pockets . This is another hypocrisy of the right . Republicans have been cutting https://t.co/bkhGrP7k95
The light of Day is the best disinfectant . Let them explain . https://t.co/lXMwzAnnja
We all need to hear what they value . https://t.co/Kw0yPgGeFt
@davidhogg111 Jim Messina , who was President Obama's Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations was on Nicole Wallace's show on MSNBC , today said if he were you he would file and run for Florida State Office , such as the Florida House of Representatives or Senate, he will help .
@davidhogg111   You've got a lot of people on MSNBC giving you a lot of love . Some of them are very powerful , Re-apply to your schools, don't let bullies bully you .
@SenDuckworth  Give'em hell Senator Duckworth , I love your fire . Most of the so called "Patriotic" people on the right are hypocrites . They want to brag about doing this and doing that for Veterans and wind up taking away from them . We must hold them accountable, call B.S.
Philadelphia Cream Cheese isn't better , but it makes the bagel better . https://t.co/Cpjzr17v9K
Everyone should follow this account , it will change your life . https://t.co/u29Pm33E1d
Laura Ingraham is click-bait . https://t.co/zuvSnybYlO
themselves for our country are visible and invisible , but that shouldn't matter . Our American Heroes have done their duty and now the Government needs to do their duty and provide our heroes with whatever they need . There should be no question .
bodies for our country and then when the Veterans come back home and have problems the people on the right just want to play head games with them and try to figure out a way to screw them out of the care they have already earned . The wounds our Veterans have from sacrificing
This really roasts my ass . If these damn so called Patriots had any Patriotism in their miserable ass being why in the hell can't they give Veterans the support they need . The so called Patriots on the right want these brave Americans to go sacrifice their lives and their https://t.co/vxuSzKXdWQ
@Emma4Change  Whenever you rise above the crowd , the crowd will attack you . They can't be you , they can only be envious of you .
@davidhogg111 Whenever you rise above the crowd , the crowd will attack you . They wish they were you , but they can't be , so they are envious .
RT @NicoleHockley: Embrace your fears. #BetterYourselfIn3Words
We need to elect more Military Veterans to the United States Congress . Support and vote for @HoulahanForPa for the United States Congress .
We need to elect more Military Veterans to the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives . Elect Rachel @RachelReddick to the United States Congress .
We need to elect Rachel @RachelReddick in Pennsylvania's 08 8th district .
Thank You Cary Johansson and Sweden . https://t.co/Cx77fw9hNp
@AMarch4OurLives We are with you , we can change the World . Never let anyone tell you we can't change the World . I marched to end the Viet Nam War , I marched with Martin Luther King Jr. and we won Civil Rights , it is a long slow fight . Stay strong .
@Emma4Change  America is with you . My generation marched to end the Viet Nam War ,and we ended the War , We Marched with Martin Luther King and won Civil Rights . We have changed the World . We can do this . It is a long , hard fight . Don't be Discouraged, we will win .
@realDonaldTrump   Americans know you're the one who ended the DACA .
@realDonaldTrump   Hey, dumb ass you forgot ot sign the Budget Bill . You're a waste .
@realDonaldTrump   You're a bumbling , stumbling old Fool .
@realDonaldTrump   Reporters are saying you' re mad because you lost the Budget fight . Pull your pants up so Putin can't get you anymore . You really shouldn't go around with your pants down , then Putin won't Scr*w you .  You're Puty's little Anal WH*re . But , you like it .
@realDonaldTrump   You're just blowing smoke to waste time so Stormy Daniels can't tell her story . But, we're going to hear it anyway . Stormy Daniels is going to be telling her story , Sunday , are you going to watch ?
@realDonaldTrump   All Americans know you're just blowing stuff up as a Temper Tantrum , because women are accusing you of having affairs . How much did you have to pay Karen McDugal , to keep her from telling her story ? Are you screwing all the women in your Cabinet ?
@realDonaldTrump   I f you'd pull your pants up after Putin gets done with you , then he couldn't come back and get sloppy seconds , which I'm sure is causing you to change your mind so often . You can't keep allowing Putin to get sloppy seconds so pull your pants up .
My fellow Americans , this is where our tax cuts went . https://t.co/5aHpt8QsWs
Thank You for doing what our compromised President is unwilling to do . https://t.co/uaZ5x2aSL2
@Jim_Jordan   You need to move in with Devin Nunes so you two can make babies . Your goofy and batsh*t crazy .
@RepDevinNunes You're batsh*t goofy , go tune your tin foil hat .
@Jim_Jordan   You need to have your tin foil hat tuned -up . You're about the Tweekyest squirrel ever to serve in Congress .
@RepDevinNunes   Thank you for showing all of America that the only thing Republicans are good for is taking bribes from lobbyists .
Is anyone surprised . When you go around powerful people with your pants around your ankles what do you think would happen ? https://t.co/HchsdndPFx
The wealthy don't want to give less privileged people any help . In other words they made theirs and screw everybody else . https://t.co/VcIrZnCuGQ
@realDonaldTrump At least Putin didn't wear out Obama and Biden's *sshole , like he has yours . You're a little Putin Wh*re , He owns your *sshole .  You're a little pink punk . Anytime , anywhere .
Oooops !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! https://t.co/lwzlv6LpGk
Avi-you forgot to mention the Russians have invaded and are "sitting on" our infrastructure grid . https://t.co/1MPprUWPmb
I believe the latter rather than the former . https://t.co/KaehHEnRKA
Please read the notice . https://t.co/2sBhVrNhh4
@babrooks5   Beauty deserves recognition .
@jheil   ABC News is running a story that Andrew McCabe ordered an investigation into AG Jeff Sessions . Last Year .
The ---- is about to hit the fan . https://t.co/ENEO6XyjnN
Lock him up . https://t.co/VFtPQSLbEl
I'm not at all surprised . Why isn't he in Prison . He is no worse than any of another thirty or forty members of Trump's Administration . https://t.co/OgdQoj2pmy
Is the investigation still active ? https://t.co/OgdQojk0L8
The idiot doesn't know any better . https://t.co/XxVhLQpMzi
Inspiration is all around us , if we know where to look . https://t.co/U13XHfn45d
I'll retweet it again . https://t.co/qtXd2k0ZGa
God Blesses all his little children . This little boy is listening to the Angels . https://t.co/ktjEObz0mO
Shorty killed it . https://t.co/RFgYUFC60i
What is he a NAZI ? Those are the only people I know of that deny the Holocaust . https://t.co/IYwke329xr
@realDonaldTrump    explain this P*ss Head . https://t.co/Me1xpPSXoh
The NRA ,  is going to go out of business we're going to bankrupt them . No one needs them . NRA is nothing but a high priced lobbying firm for weapons manufacturers . Gun manufacturers could probably manufacture less expensive guns if they didn't have to give money to the NRA . https://t.co/slXto4mnVz
@realDonaldTrump  is a Putin Slut .
@realDonaldTrump   Donna Trump the little PUTY SLUT .
@POTUS   You're a little PUTY SLUT . Maybe , I shouldn't say that , maybe you like being disgraced . PUTY SLUT .
@realDonaldTrump   You're a F*cking little slut for PUTY .
@realDonaldTrump   Awwww, poor little girl . Poor little Donna , somebody leaked her secrest conversation , with her little PUTY . Why don't you throw yourself on the floor and kick your feet and have another temper Tantrum .
country from us and sell it to the Russians . If you doubt what I said do a search on Russian Oligarchs buying America .
We need to vote evry Republican out of office and then throw them all in Prison for conspiracy to subvert our Democracy . They are all selling us out to Putin . Putin is stealing the wealth of Russia and buying our country from Republicans . They are all conspiring to steal our
Has the Russian Traitor , @realDonaldTrump nominated anyone in his Administration that isn't as corupt as he is . Everyone of these f*cking Republicans In Washington is as crooked as Trump . They are all money sucking crooks , bought and paid for by the next biggest crook .
It is about time someone stood up . We can't count on Republicans to do anything , they are worthless . They're all criminals in a conspiracy with Trump to subvert our Democracy . They are bought and paid for . https://t.co/gRCao8sjLG
The NRA owns the Republicans in Washington . They are nothing but paid Wh*res for the NRA .
We're not going to get anything done as long the Republicans are in control of Washington . The NRA has bought and paid for them . They are worthless goldbricks . https://t.co/hodYLTGYfm
@realDonaldTrump  I would say god have mercy on your *ss , but I think Putin already owns that . You're his little wh*re . He owns your *sshole .
@realDonaldTrump  You and your whole Administration is nothing but a bunch of Crybaby B*tches  . You're a disgusting , disgrace . You're all just CRYBABY B*TCHES !!!!!!!!!
These Margory Stoneman Douglas survivors have more integrity than most of the leaders in Washington , D.C. https://t.co/wcbOA5e2O9
Excellent point . https://t.co/lO8pETFd9Q
Thank God , I hope the little guy is OK . https://t.co/nF45YfzYZl
RT @TheRyanParker: Stay in school, kids. https://t.co/xWWqzbt0H6
@realDonaldTrump the whole world now knows you're a F*cking Traitor , now . The Real American Patriots are going to Defeat you and your Putin lovers . You're a disgrace , you sold our country out just so you could win you election and we are coming after you . https://t.co/ozIWxZQVOj
@POTUS   You're the little Monkey on the left . You aren't even Humanoid You're some kind of F*cking Prehistoric Ape that crawled out from under a F*cking rock . You're a F*cking disgrace and we'll put you in Prison . You can fire everybody, except American Patriots , we'll win . https://t.co/xqhKWo5yKe
@POTUS   Putin must be your Heroe . You're Coward , a Crook and a Traitor . We are going to put you in a Cage at Gitmo and your crooked F*cking Family will all go to prison and rot in H*ll .
@POTUS  You're nothing but a Russian Tool . A F*ck*ng Fool .   You're a Coward . You're a Traitor .
@POTUS You're a Traitor and a Crook and we still have your Cage Waiting at Gitmo . You're an Old fool . Talking to Putin and not addressing the poisoning in Britain , the Russian mercenaries in Syria attacking U.S. Forces, and more . Your a Traitor , a Coward and a Coward .
@RealDonoldDrumf   You bumbling , stumbling old fool . We still have your cage waiting at Gitmo.
This Administration has been allowed to weasel out of responsibility long enough this must end . Tis Administration must be called to account in the court of public opinion . The structure and underlying frame work of our Democracy are being eroded on a daily basis . https://t.co/idLTFzVKUe
Oh, really . He has too much to lose . https://t.co/GM61DmtG0Z
That is the way I remember it . My Oath was to a Principle , the Constitution is after all a principle . Isn't it ? I know I bought that principle . One Nation under God, Indivisible , With Liberty and Justice for All . https://t.co/rx05fitbQE
If Colion Noir is so damn proud of what he is advocating , why is he hiding behind a pseudonym ? https://t.co/0zv59gOfuf
It has become that since Trump's inauguration . https://t.co/bTdERMu19w
How fast can Republicans grow a spine ? Does anyone really believe the Republicans will do anything that would upset the Republican Hyenas ? https://t.co/MiBQNfmwaX
Because they can and Because they don't have to pay for it . https://t.co/vyWiKbq5Yd
Donald Trump Jr. romanced Aubrey O'Day during marriage to Vanessa https://t.co/WiSpXJjxlU via @pagesix
The Bomber in Austin, Texas is being emboldened by President's verbal Attacks and denigration of the FBI .
@RepMattGaetz    You are a wack-a-doodle . You are Goofy . Were you sucking on a booger when you were on TV ? I think your mother is calling you home , it is after dark .
@RepAdamSchiff   I really do appreciate everything you are doing in Congress . But, you need to bring Mark Zuckerburg to Congress and make him explain what is going on . Facebook is out of control . This is dangerous . Help .
We are way past being there . https://t.co/ylx4rTDXWf
@RepSwalwell   I really do appreciate everything you are trying to do in Congress . But, I must say you need to bring Marc Zuckerburg before Congress and make him explain what he is doing .
@SpeakerRyan  Is a worm , literally not figuratively . https://t.co/x6TrUE0OSm
Two days too late and $20million short . https://t.co/uc2FnYSy0N
Awesome shirt . https://t.co/3EBDUNQ3Bi
Everyone , please pray for Anthony Borges this young was shot 5 times at the Margory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting and he is still fighting for his life . https://t.co/x93pMgyWM0
His days in Washington are numbered . He'll probably just become a Banking Lobbyist . https://t.co/Jayj1Rk14P
disappeared into the woods in seconds . The tank made my car shake as it crossed the road , good thing I stopped . that tank was hauling .
I can remember a few years ago I was traveling a 2 lane road just south of Fort Knox when a soldier step out of the woods and stopped me . Within seconds an Abrams tank came across the road twenty feet from my car and shot into the woods on the opposite side of the road and https://t.co/iO9KmXy42N
He believes he is rallying his supporters but in reality he is just everyone what he looks like when he has a temper tantrum , like the spoiled 2 year old at the store who wants to eat the candy on the self . https://t.co/kGpx31RcOF
I've been telling him I have a vision of him in an underground Steel Cage at Gitmo . https://t.co/PrjyLoHMEj
The Blue Wave is turning into a Blue Tsunami . Buckle-up.  We're going to need a Blue Tsunami to wash all the Trump Corruption out of Washington  . https://t.co/wewxCTgXHz
I just followed Lisa Ring also and the Blue Wave will be a Tsunami . https://t.co/iZwdwm6mta
Just followed every Democrat I could find runnig in North Carolina . The wave will be a tsunami by November . https://t.co/U6BNOy3HPv
The Democrats will be ready . It is the Republicans who lack spines . https://t.co/eNDe5013O8
@pfarouche If these are your children you are very lucky to have such beautiful children . They deserve to grow up in a world where they don't have to worry about being slaughtered in their school . God Bless America .
I think he believes he is witty and intelligent . He used to be an attorney of note , before he became involved with Dumpster Donnie . Now he is just another paid wh*re . https://t.co/tDEYmHKtbf
Another piece of Trump's work , can't you tell by the smell of arrogance . https://t.co/tDEYmHKtbf
done with your kind in Washington,D.C.
You are a weak snivelling fool and America has had it with you and your kind . You are leaving Washington, DC because YOU ARE A WEAK SNIVELLIN FOOL , that believes everyone is as pitiful as you . You 're a tool for sale for anyone to buy , for the right amount of money . We are
Just wondering . Does anyone think Donald J. Trump would ever consider the repercussions on anyone else ? Why would this thing ever consider what his actions would do to other people ? He never has and he never will . He doesn't know how to empathize . https://t.co/Rj5HhDP7vv
The next we'll hear of him he'll be found in a dumpster with an empty wine jug , looking for his supper . https://t.co/224MypMusl
Rep. Mike Conway(R-Tex) had his head so far up Trump's *ss he had to be led by the hand to the Committee Hearings by House Security . https://t.co/oIRAWhRWXo
What else did you expect . Rep. Mike Conway(R-Tex) had his head so far up Trump's *ss he couldn't tell if it was day or night . https://t.co/oIRAWhRWXo
Trump's NDAs will wind up being used for toilet paper . https://t.co/gZAtC6SDY5