@WIBCRaySteele @jdwambach @wibc_stanlehr If so, I'd already have all my points and then some!!!
@shellawish No offense Jim but we have MUCH more important things to do than scour your website to steal audio. Nice apology.
Colts indicting Eric Dickerson and Marshall Faulk into Ring of Honor. Ceremony will be halftime of week 15 game vs. Texans.
Former IUbb star Devan Dumes found not guilty today of attempted murder and other charges.
@WIBC_RaySteele But WE are working!
Assistant US Atty Barry Glickman had asked for max of 10 years for Jenkins. 57 months was high end of advisory sentence.
54 year old Eric Jenkins sentenced to 57 months for poss. of gun by felon. Sold gun used by Thomas Hardy to kill IMPD Oficer David Moore.
Eric Jenkins pleading to 1 count, 3 other charges dropped. Been convicted for burglary &amp; drug charges dating back to '83. Could face 10 yrs.
Waiting for sentencing hearing of Eric Jenkins. He provided Thomas Hardy with gun used to kill IMPD Officer David Moore in Jan. 2011
@Lamargaritaindy I do a segment on restaurants I like in the city. And I'm interested in talking to someone about the menu tequila and beer.
@gregrakestraw Even better....I'll take the elevator.
@gregrakestraw Feel free to share some of that with your friends on the 4th floor!
@TomSchwab21 @uberfacts @theta_clear I concur ha!
Tickets for Chelsea FC Inter Milan match at Lucas Oil Stadium will be $30-135. Match begins at 8pm &amp; will be televised on Fox Soccer
Chelsea FC to face Inter Milan August 1 in Guiness International Champions Cup at Lucas Oil Stadium.
@WIBC_RaySteele @attyabdul @93wibc I want in on that!
Want to hear about Sticky Toffee Pudding other really good stuff from @latekitchen chef/owner Ryan Nelson? Podcast at http://t.co/A3bsaUYrMn
@WIBC_ReedParker Correction- John Andretti first to do double in 94
Kurt Busch ran 83 laps @IMS today. Top speed of 218.210.
Busch says he needs more time and Andretti already has a full team. Says he's interested in double but not this year.
Kurt Busch double duty in 2014?Indy 500 &amp; Coca Cola 600. Tested with Michael Andretti, who first did it in 94. Only 3 drivers ever have.
Listen to my podcast with @BlackMarketIndy co-owner Ed Rudisell at http://t.co/qLzg7x6JeW. It's my first podcast, so bare with me!
@AttyAbdul Not exactly. I wrote about it today. It's on http://t.co/A3bsaUYrMn. By the way, good luck with the election
Court accepts request of former SOS Charlie White to remove Judge Steven Nation from his case. But deny request for special judge
@ScottWTHR Beautiful words, indeed!! Go Dodgers!
Kevin Ware of Louisville at Methodist Hospital due to broken leg. players on both sides very shaken when Ware was taken out on stretcher
IMPD Detectives have recovered the Hyundai Sonata stolen from a northwest side home after Tom Tefft was murdered last week. Found on W 42nd
IFD dive teams called to White River at West 10th and White River Pkwy. Possible body in the water
Gov. Pence names Judge Mary Beth Bonaventura new DIrector of Department of Child Services. Former Senior Judge in Lake County
@jakequery Which is why in 8 hrs of newscasts I never once called it a storm. Us radio guys are smarter
Former Indy City-County Council member Paul Bateman pleads guilty to wire fraud &amp; money laundering in Russell Foundation case.
@WIBC_ReedParker Correction- Rev. Michael Russell pleads guilty to wire fraud and money laundering charges. Paul Bateman faces charges
Rev. Michael Russell and former Marion City-Co. Councilman Paul Bateman plead guilty to wire fraud &amp; money laundering charges.
@_AIR_RIQ_ picked no. 10 by Seattle Sounders.
Notre Dame product Ryan Finley picked #9 by Columbus Crew
Columbus Crew have next pick in MLS SuperDraft. Do they go with @_AIR_RIQ_ to keep him fairly close to home?
1st pick in #MLS SuperDraft the New England Revolution select Andrew Farrell of U of Louisville. He played at IMS yesterday.
MLS SuperDraft at Convention Center. @_AIR_RIQ_ of Westfield and IU expected to be among top picks http://t.co/3pxH3So7
Graham Rahal, Josef Newgarden, Simona De Silvestro playing against future MLS stars including Eriq Zavaleta of IU http://t.co/9frc9ftC
Playing soccer on the yard of bricks. De Silvestro with the first goal ever scored at IMS.
US Atty and IMS announce the speedway will work together to ensure ADA compliance. IMS will submit reports every 90 days for next 2 yrs
Pence tabs Victor Smith to lead Commerce Dept.
@WIBC_EricBerman Across the nation and in Indy! Is this a baseball town after all? Nah....
@12gaugeADAM I hear you. And from what I've heard that's what they're doing.
@WIBC_RaySteele AMEN!!!
Hear my conversation with IHSAA Commish Bobby Cox on Bloomington South's 107-2 win over Arlington. 8:07 on @93wibc morning news
@WIBC_StanLehr I hear you. We're in the same boat! Orakpo, Carriker, Merriweather, Jackson
I wish my Redskins had the defense of @WIBC_StanLehr 's beloved Bears. #terriblethirddowndefense
IMPD investigating a fatal hit and run in 7400 blk of North Shadeland. White male found in roadway. No suspect vehicle at this time
@JasonSpells Chumleys. It's schooner night and I'll be there. Enjoy your night regardless
Mozel Sanders organization needs $80K more for Annual Thanksgiving dinner. But say they are ahead of last years fundraising.
6th Dist. Republican Luke Messer will wait to declare victory, despite some media outlets already declaring him winner.
6th Dist. Republican Luke Messer greeting supporters at 18 On The Square in Shelbyville. Festive atmosphere so far http://t.co/IE4oTqej
I'm waiting on results of the 6th District race at 18 Public Square in Shelbyville. The Messer camp has a nice spread http://t.co/yZc0VYlf
NOAA Climate Prediction Center says 48 states have equal chances of Avg/below Avg or above Avg temps and precip. Very helpful, huh?
@ScottWTHR Good to hear Indy has another Dodgers fan! Its just us and Governor Daniels cheering for the right team!
Mark Brandt isn't your typical golf fan. Hear his story at 6 on @93wibc http://t.co/8A7G0cFl
Crooked Stick will re-open at 115. Storm has dissipated. Fans coming back out on the course. Many players still in clubhouse
I'm standing in between Bubba Watson and Justin Rose watching Phil Mickelson play ping pong
Evacuating media center at Crooked Stick. Many of us running to the Clubhouse
Officials expecting 50 mph winds at Crooked Stick. Possibly will evacuate media center. Not sure where we will go though
Play has been suspended at Crooked Stick. Phil Mickelson was set to tee off at 1230. Waiting on Tiger Woods press conference now
State Police say the course will be re-opened at 1230. Still plenty of spectators on the grounds
Spectators being asked to go back to their vehicles at Crooked Stick. Storm coming with possible high winds and hail.
Ernie Els and Padraig Harrington on the driving range. That's a lot of Majors between them http://t.co/J8WxF3ym
Sergio Garcia on the driving range at Crooked Stick http://t.co/SXsPaWDO
Jim Furyk signing autographs at Crooked Stick. http://t.co/gTfL4oOt
Romney speech over. Rousing round of applause. Will fly to Tampa later today
Romney says he will change post 9-11 GI Bill to help with in-state tuition, regardless of residency
Romney says VA problems are serious and will make sure they don't keep happening. Says he won't ask veterans to pay more for "Obamacare"
Romney says he won't cut defense spending if elected. Says reductions would be made in other areas. Calls defense cuts "reckless"
Romney says Pres. Obama has given trust where it's not deserved. Says US should better preserve relationships with allies
Mitt Romney promises to get Americans back to work, if elected. Very receptive audience at American Legion Nat'l Convention
At scene of shooting at East Washington and Riley Ave. Police shot unknown man who became combative with officers. Suspect at Wishard.
Hancock County Coroner to resign on August 31st but will remain on the November ballot. My report coming up at 5 on @93wibc
New Castle Little League advances to Sunday vs. San Antonio, Texas. Defeat Gresham, Oregon 4-0 in first round.
Libertarian Senate candidate Andrew Horning says US military misused since 1903. Lib Gov candidate Rupert Boneham in audience
Andrew Luck teaching kids how to throw at Concord Neighborhood Center http://t.co/nha97SxG
Due to the car malfunctioning TWICE defending champion @93wibc is disqualified. #notsourgrapes
Defending media pit stop competition champs @93Wibc going for our 3rd title in 4 years! Gets underway soon
Decision to waive the 14 yr old to adult court will be made later. She was non-emotional in court. Very soft spoken.
14 yr old accused of stabbing her 4 yr old cousin will stay in juvenile detention ctr. She next appears in court June 6.
Mourdock says he will ad-lib his speech. He forgot to bring it.
Mourdock says Senator Lugar deserves the respect of every one in the room. A hearty round of applause for Lugar too.
Mourdock is here and about to take the stage. This place is going to go crazy
Mourdock will take the podium at 8:40. He will be greeted by a raucous crowd indeed
Mourdock supporters gathering around the podium waiting on him. Shouldn't be too long, especially with Lugar conceding in minutes
Still waiting on Mourdock to show at Indy West Conference Center. Supporters say he didn't expect it to be declared so soon
And what music plays as Mourdock supporters rejoice? Miley Cyrus "Party in the USA". Really it is. It's certainly a party here now
Supporters erupt as news breaks that Richard Mourdock defeats longtime Senator Richard Lugar. Results aren't yet official though
Mourdock camp is getting excited with chants of "It's Mourdock time!" Music has been some country with James Brown thrown in
@MarionCountyDem he just said it. Said out of fairness to Luck he wanted to confirm to us
Coach Pagano says Luck is "chomping at the bit" to get here. Will be a while though...he graduates June 7th. In time for mini camp @93wibc
Colts GM Grigson finally says team is drafting Luck. Now it's official. Says he wanted to announce" what world already knew"
Packed house for Zionsville school board meeting. Board mulling over teacher cuts, etc.
Kroger announces $1.25 mill in K-12 education grants. Supporting 450 local schools and other local ed programs @93wibc
Game over and all volunteers in postgame interview room loudly cheered. Can't tell the SB is Indy, huh? Wow, what a game
The bar made entirely of ice inside the Missouri Street entrance to LOS is drawing a large crowd. Busy bartenders! @93wibc
Espn's Trey Wingo says he's been to to 20 Super Bowl's and Indianapolis is "killing it"
LeSean McCoy wins FedEx Ground Player of the Year. Fans voted. $25,000 donated in his name to Philly Junior Achievement
Drew Brees named FedEx Air player of the Year. He beat out Tom Brady and Aaron Rodgers. Ground Player coming up next
Patriots owner Bob Kraft says team presented him with an oil painting in memory of his wife Myra. Says it was very touching & unprecedented
Of course Tom Brady has the biggest crowd but "Gronk" has quite a crowd. Lots of concern with his "gronkle". #mediaday
Gary Brackett gives his Super Bowl tix to Franklin Comm. High football player Evan Mead who recovered from cancer. #superbasketsofhope
Mark Miles announces Today Show and Late Night with Jimmy Fallon both plan live shows in Indy during Super Bowl week
Noblesville Mayor John Ditslear tells me his pollwatchers tell him he has won. Nothing official yet