RT @wondercollab: Happy #IWD2019! Today we want to acknowledge all the #STEM women who are making amazing contributions to our worldwide kn…
For those of us who remember Tom Seaver dominate the mound with tenacity, grace, and skill, news of his diagnosis of dementia hits hard. He will forever be the young ace who led New York to a miracle. Another spring arrives, but there will be a shadow over Flushing.
RT @wondercollab: There's something great when you go to your search engine and see a drawing of a woman looking back at you festooned with…
For all who'll be at @SXSW, I'ill be on a panel on Saturday afternoon talking about the impact of gene editing and #CRISPR. How should we talk about it? As journalists? As scientists? As society? Should be a lively, important and interesting conversation. https://t.co/557LxQyPwu
A suggestion: for every article, report, or cable news segment on Democratic "extremism" do one on the GOP’s undermining of voting rights, climate change denial, stance on gun violence, policy of child separation, attacks on NATO, or just plain false equivalence.
RT @wondercollab: Every great film needs a great trailer! We're excited to share this first look at our documentary film about gene editing…
RT @antonioregalado: There are several CRISPR documentaries in production. The first to hit the screen is "Human Nature" by Adam Bolt and p…
It was an honor to sit down to talk with @davidhogg111 at @SXSWEDU.	I believe the children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way... https://t.co/pGc8B3zcME
One giant leap for HUMANkind...	@AstroAnnimal @NASA 	https://t.co/pazrI7n3SL
Where lies the truth behind the boastfulness and defensive posturing? And let us not forget President Trump openly mocked the intellect and academic achievements of his predecessor. https://t.co/Jlx3cYf8zk
I don't know if @MikeBloomberg could have won the nomination or the presidency But I do know if he can help move the world "beyond carbon," he will serve humankind and our planet at a level potentially exceeding what he could have done as president. https://t.co/ivab3AlkxC
Many people including the president are cheering news of HIV cure in 2nd patient. You know what happened? SCIENCE. Science isn’t a goal, it’s a process of knowledge. And it applies to vaccines, climate change, and the wonder of understanding our universe and natural world.
For all that's been written and reported on Fox News and its role in our political landscape, this fascinating and disturbing article by @JaneMayerNYer in the @NewYorker is a must read. https://t.co/jYfk5F6OqA
Going to be at #SXSW? We're having the world premiere of our documentary "Human Nature" about gene editing &amp; #CRISPR And that means a party! Please join me, cast &amp; crew. Sunday, 3/10 at 6pm - RSVP at this link (based on capacity): https://t.co/D1i0RGzwY3	#HumanNatureFilm
"It created hope for people to know conservation is possible and that changing human activities is necessary for it to continue." And a smile, as nature surprises once more. https://t.co/NYLtiAkplA
What a pleasure spending a Friday with @carlreiner and @robreiner. Father and son have enjoyed lengthy and successful careers. One of their secrets? When you finish one project, start another. Have something to wake up for. Couldn’t agree more. A future Big Interview on @AXSTV. https://t.co/pTmp2Kxk2e
Thank heavens that, even in these crazy times, there is that small miracle of the peace and anticipation of a Friday afternoon.
Diplomacy sometimes requires making deals with despots. FDR worked with Stalin to win WWII. But that doesn't mean we can turn a blind eye, or excuse away, human rights abuses or the death of an American citizen.
What we know: intelligence officials and White House staff had grave concerns over Jared Kushner's security clearance. 		What we don't know: Why. (Plenty of informed speculation)		What we know: President Trump didn't care.		What we don't know: What it means for national security.
RT @carlreiner: Looking forward to being a guest tomorrow on "The Big Interview with Dan Rather" @DanRather on AXS TV &amp; iTunes so I can sit…
Putting an ex-coal lobbyist in charge of the EPA... I wish it was the opening line to a joke...
From his college transcripts to his tax returns, President Trump seems to want everything to remain hidden. Apparently he doesn't believe the American people can handle the truth.
So, apparently, another slow news day?
A Congressman's tweet threatens a witness about to testify with the tactics of the mob... in a snapshot we see the debasement of our politics and the level of palpable fear in what soon may be revealed. It reads like a subplot of  a Scorsese movie. Yet another new low.
In my @RadioAndySXM broadcast, I welcome discussion from all sides. Are you for or against the President’s emergency order? Do you think US &amp; North Korea will find agreement on denuclearization of Korean Peninsula? Phone lines open 10:15am ET at 844-305-2639 #DanRathersAmerica
Looking forward to spring, when hope does indeed spring eternal.
Just checking... yep, still seems about right. https://t.co/YyK5naPHxm
There is only one side when things like this are said. The side of ignorance, dangerous ignorance. And a textbook example of false equivalence. https://t.co/0y55wwbK79
Can we move beyond the term “domestic terrorist?” Terror is terror and the phrase obscures the threat to our safety and security, rather than enhances it.
I never thought the term Orwellian would have a suitable synonym. I was wrong. Trumpian. Although that word has multiple definitions. (See also corruption, divisiveness, ...)
A significant headline  https://t.co/GnTky9l8ce
I can feel growing energy for meaningful action on climate change that's not fully registering with official Washington. Is it similar to the early days of Civil Rights when one felt tremors of change before the big earthquake of justice shook the nation? Let's certainly hope so.
So we wait. We wait for the Mueller report. We wait to see what Congress will see and what will become public. We wait for the impact. We wait, because even impeachment hearings, should they come, would just be the beginning of another process.
A real national (and global) emergency. https://t.co/qkTOTZjQV4
For all the deeply troubling reporting about Russian contacts and associations with this administration, we also keep learning more and more about Saudi Arabia. https://t.co/hvYNZ9qwyK
"I didn't need to do this" is something I occasionally say after ordering dessert, not after ordering national emergencies.
Doth protest too much? Methinks.
Highly recommend “Impeachment: An American History” - timely, given present American moment.  Excellent short book by @jmeacham @peterbakernyt @jeffreyaengel and @TimNaftali .
Never forget. https://t.co/nD5buuaWlW
Here's a weird piece of trivia. Apparently Congress has Constitutional powers as well. And apparently the nation's Founders took those powers seriously because they saw how having a king worked out. Who knew?
The Constitution should not be considered a mere speed bump in the path of a reckless driver.
I'm old enough to remember when "national emergency" actually meant an emergency to the nation and not an emergency to a damaged politico ego.
Opportunity, RIP. You represented the more noble instincts and dreams of the human mind to seek knowledge and explore the horizons of our universe. https://t.co/TkxmV35cWD
President Trump has seen some rebounding in some polls. His standing in the face of all that we’ve seen might infuriate those who oppose him. But it would be wise to not confuse his vulnerability with his being vanquished when it comes to prospects for re-election.
"A wall, a wall! My presidency for a wall!" ...or a fence... or steel slats... or a metaphor... or claiming victory in defeat...
A news alert... that's good news.	https://t.co/Pxym7rLwbw
I believe the anti-science GOP (a relatively recent development) and a president who baths with glee in his own ignorance will pass into the realm of historical anomaly. What's sad and dangerous is this recklessness on science couldn't have come at a worse time for our planet.
When it comes to a dire wake-up call on the health of the planet, it's not the canary in the coal mine, it's the butterfly in the biosphere. This is very serious, a problem where we already know what we can do to make a difference. https://t.co/ltCJcrEp3D
I wonder if climate scientists have included in their models the effects of the decaying organic matter found in Donald Trump’s Twitter rants.
My work has taken me around the world many times over. I've spent periods of time, some short and some long, in more places than I can count. But nothing ever felt more like home than waking up to the morning in Texas.
I cannot think of another modern American president whose public statements were more poisonous... or more ignored.
Never Forget. https://t.co/NmqAscOGye
News that Trump golf courses employed undocumented immigrants, and knew about it, reinforces a narrative about the President and his priorities. To exploit people and then demonize those you've exploited, publicly and in policy, is particularly loathsome. https://t.co/NEMenXvXFD
Politics will always be a realm for scandal and scoundrel. Power corrupts and attracts the corruptible. It is a bipartisan truth. But sadly we are seeing a chasm in how each political party is reacting to the outrages and illegalities of their elected officials.
When the full history of the Trump presidency is written, I suspect that Saudi Arabia may take up several pages of the index.
Donald Trump's rise to political power has long been abetted by a culture of false equivalence. And the question over how much that continues will cast a determinative shadow over the lead up to 2020.
John Dingell was a man of dignity, an optimist in our American story. Reading his final thoughts, as dictated to his wife hours before his death, I am moved by the clarity and nobility of spirit. Please take the time to pause, read, and reflect.  https://t.co/8u9PS9PGK5
One has a sense Donald Trump long lived in a world of his own creation where he felt he was immune to any oversight, accountability, or responsibility for his actions. That bubble has been dramatically popped with the Democratic control of the House, and we're seeing the results.
So apparently Google translate now handles Trumpanese. I typed in "presidential harassment" and it came back as "Constitutional oversight." Then I went to a thesaurus and typed in "hypocrisy," and it came up as Benghazi. Who knew?
It struck me that today is Babe Ruth's birthday. When I was a child the legend of Ruth loomed over all of sports and much of society. It is impossible to overstate. For those of a different age, who would occupy that position? Ali? Jordan? Serena? Brady? LeBron? Others?
I would love to see an 8th grade English teacher to go over that speech with a red pen. I suspect a lot of ink would be spilled.
This is who he is, who he was, and ever shall be.
State of the Union speeches rarely last in the consciousness of the country. And one has a sense that this one is already being forgotten, or was never thought about in the first place. (More here https://t.co/fZQBXhSsGd)
Happy #LunarNewYear. This was a celebration that was not part of my consciousness until later in life, and  a reminder of how wonderfully diverse our nation has gotten.
This morning I sat with a cup of coffee taking in the beauty of a reddish orange sunrise and counted my blessings. A quiet time and a reminder that moments like this are part of life’s treasures.
Will you be watching tonight’s State of the Union Address? What are you hoping to hear? I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET for discussion. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
For a while now the Trump inauguration seemed to be an area of interest for law enforcement. Today's actions seem to ramp that up considerably and exposes another front of concern for the president and his associates. 	https://t.co/lNsujPWqHS
I am Dan Rather. I need journalism because it's the currency of truth and accountability that allows democracy to flourish and the means by which we can better understand our world and our place in it. Join CPJ @pressfreedom in calling for #JusticeForJamal https://t.co/ovZWc5P0Lj
This Super Bowl will be memorable for how forgettable it was.
Congratulations to New England. They deserved to win tonight. They were the better team tonight and their historic run continues.
When the punters names are being called more than running backs, when you hear it’s a battle for field position, you know it’s usually a snooze fest.
I understand and appreciate good defense, and those who argue that this is a good defensive game. Just not convinced that such is what we are seeing tonight. But I never rule out possibility I could be wrong.
Nothing super about this bowl so far.
Super Bowl menu: Jean Rather’s famous Texas prison chili, Fritos (of course), a cold long-neck (or two) some Blue Bell ice cream later. (Made in Texas. World’s best. We get regular shipments) Back to healthy eating tomorrow. But tonight, what the hell, it’s the Super Bowl.
Settling in front of TV set to watch the Super Bowl. Don’t have a real rooting interest in either team. Just hoping for a well played close game. Figure Patriots probably will win. But won’t be surprised if Rams pull it out.
RT @MartinRather: @IAStartingLine and @njhotline for everything 2020, Grandad! https://t.co/g7OdfXesBz
I will add a few of mine @TexasMonthly @TexasObserver
A free press is vital to American democracy. Cuts in newsrooms undermine all our freedoms. Must become a top concern. Pls subscribe to local and independent news orgs. Retweet and @ a favorite one of your subscriptions to give ideas to others. Let’s see how big we can make this.
RT @MartinRather: EXCLUSIVE SCOOP: @Ann_Ashford to run for Congress in #NE02, a key 2020 House seat. She will battle @karaforcongress for t…
A friend made the mistake of telling his wife he'd babysit the kids. "When it's your own kids it's not babysitting. It's called parenting," came a thunderbolt of truth in reply. I got a similar call to justice as a young father. Wonder how many have stumbled onto that minefield.
That's the thing about this crazy news cycle. Sometimes instead of obsessing over every twist and turn of the nanosecond, you can just wait a bit and let things sort themselves out. Save the time. Save your sanity. Take a walk. Read a poem. Take a friend to lunch.
2020 Presidential race:  If you don’t know the name Sherrod Brown, maybe read up on him. Ohio Senator has better than most shot at becoming Pres or V.P. nominee. He’s currently on tour through early primary states Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina.
Ok, let's try this again. A cold day in winter in part of the country, even when it's deadly cold, doesn't disprove climate change. It's the law of averages, my friend, sort of like seeing the sun one afternoon in Seattle and throwing away all your raincoats and umbrellas.
RT @AuschwitzMuseum: Electrified barbed wire fences kept prisoners of Auschwitz inside. It allowed the guards to watch them constantly. 		T…
RT @jaketapper: 👏 VACCINATE 👏 YOUR 👏 CHILDREN 👏 https://t.co/ypRnHT7hAC
Holed up in NYC where it’s colder than a loan shark’s heart. Thinking of all those less fortunate and vulnerable facing the deadly weather and those whose work takes them outside - police, fire, EMS, delivery, and many more.
If making Election Day a national holiday is a “power grab” what would you say about other expansions of the vote? Say the 19th Amendment? Democracy is best when it’s inclusive and accessible.
The Washington Post headline reads: "Trump blasts U.S. intelligence officials"  Maybe it could have ended before the word “officials"
You would think if you are coming out of nowhere to announce you're thinking of running for president, you would have some basic, cogent answers to some obvious questions. But then again... 2016.
Rich businessmen with no elected experience who feel they should be president is a fixture of American politics - usually on the fringes, not getting a lot of attention. i wonder what lessons voters feel they have learned from the last such man to run - and win - the presidency.
The life-threatening cold is a dire situation. My heart is with those who are most vulnerable and all the local officials and aid workers mobilizing to keep people alive.
RT @ScienceSandbox: Excited to announce that "Human Nature," a doc about the potentially transformative power of #CRISPR, will premiere at…
Democratic candidates are starting to announce 2020 Presidential campaigns. Who would you like to see run? I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET for discussion. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
If this is Howard Schultz dipping his toe (or whole leg) in the water for a presidential run, that water seems to be boiling with anger.
It's a Sunday evening, I take to some reading and looking for something to watch on TV with my wife Jean. Feeling blessed with family and excited that at my age and stage I can still say that tomorrow morning I will wake up and go to work doing what I've always loved.
If you don’t already, an important follow, not only on #HolocaustMemorialDay2019, but all days. @AuschwitzMuseum https://t.co/qs52nfW31M
On #HolocaustMemorialDay may we pledge that remembrance of past horrors and vigilance in the face of the ever-present currents of hate and intolerance must be a daily obligation.
U.S. presidents sit at an apex of information. Thousands in government work to get to the truth, in war zones, in economic data, in science, and much more. But President Trump eschews all that - his primary briefings come from Fox News hosts in a fact-free echo chamber.
RT @LluisMontoliu: The documentary film: HUMAN NATURE directed by Adam Bolt &amp; produced by Dan Rather has just been announced. Tells the sto…
We all win and lose in life. But only the best competitors learn from losing. I have found the more you talk or complain in defeat the less likely you are to win in the future.
For decades,  the balance of power has been on an almost unimpeded march from Capitol Hill to the White House. One senses, perhaps, the equilibrium of our checks and balances is recalibrating.
RT @AuschwitzMuseum: One of the biggest challenge when we study the tragedy of #Auschwitz, is to understand that the perpetrators were not…
I don’t know folks, maybe he just got tired from all the winning...
Who knew you actually needed a government?
Reflecting on the shutdown and so much more... the pain is unnecessary. The folly, sadly, seems inevitable.
“The irony of the wall is it works best the further you are from the border,” said Senator Martin Heinrich, Democrat of New Mexico... an interesting look at the changing politics in the face of the rhetoric. https://t.co/j6HEvE6GKc
I have found that novelty acts invariably tend to get old, often pretty quickly.
I see many speculate Republicans in the Senate will never turn on Trump. Past is prologue. I get it. But sometimes a dam looks solid just before it crumbles. Pressure builds. And never underestimate a politician's gyroscope of self-preservation.
I’ve followed the career of Roger Stone for decades, and he always struck me as a man who thought he was too smart to get caught.
Please don't judge, but I've never been a pretzel guy. I nonetheless stand in awe that some genius had the sense to make a pretzel flat, and wide, and perfect for dipping. After centuries of pretzel evolution, who knew there was apparently still room for such improvement.
President Trump gets hard lessons on the State of The Union about co-equal branches of government, Speaker Pelosi's steel spine, and the true meaning of "nevertheless, she persisted."
There’s a certain irony in all these hard-right judges claiming reverence for “original intent” being nominated by a president who embodies so many of the deepest fears of the Founding Fathers.
Excited so many of you signed up to hear about our upcoming documentary film about the discovery and ethics of #CRISPR. It gives humans the power to alter DNA. Such potential for health but also concern. Add your name on our website to find out more. https://t.co/OTzJAdlhHD
It’s like we’re living through a real-life civics course... as imagined by Rod Serling.
2018 was a good year when it came to elected officials starting to represent more of America's diversity. Such cannot be said for the swath of judges confirmed by the GOP Senate. The trend continues, as my friend Dahlia Lithwick explains... https://t.co/Xiy0F7zTZT
I grew up in a world before widespread vaccines. I saw children crippled and killed. Few innovations have led to such an improvement in the human condition. This science should be celebrated not ignored. The risk is too high. 	https://t.co/9bcDJ6pHr3
To all the headline writers, pundits and politicians referring to President Trump’s offerings on immigration as a “compromise” please read the fine print.
Russell Baker was an original. I first met him in the 60s, and always found him a man of wit and depth. His prose was elegant - imbued with humor, nuance, and pathos. I tried to read everything he wrote, and savored the words and the thoughts left behind. RIP
Rudy Giuliani reminds me of one of those jugglers in the circus on a unicycle, peddling every which direction. But instead of bowling pins, he’s juggling with the truth. And it seems to be falling to the ground all around him.
Humbled... Not a word normally associated with television news anchors I grant you. But to be at my age and stage and to somehow have convinced 600k of you to follow me on Twitter. Well... I’m deeply moved and owe thanks to all of you. (Hopefully not too many Russian bots)
"Convenient hagiography has softened Dr, King's edges in our collective consciousness. It's a mistake. He was a man of failures as well as successes, ever-striving to push our collective moral accounting towards greater justice." Longer thoughts here: https://t.co/Bp9xIapMHb
In the end someone had to win. More often than not over the last many years that somebody has been Tom Brady. What a career. What a game. I have a sense we’ll be seeing a lot of the Chiefs in the years to come.
OT just makes sense.
What a game. Edge of seat.
3/3 We're repulsed by smug privilege in the face of pain, a lack of empathy in young people - symptoms of a much deeper rot stretching back centuries. But history also shows the chorus of the complicit can be vanquished by the heroic actions of those who will not be silent.
2/3 History has taught us over and over how easy it is to use hate of “the other” as an organizing principle for mob rule. In these images of today we see the echoes of the Civil Rights Era and other moments in the American story of persecution, harassment, and violence.
1/3 The young men trying to intimidate Native American veteran Nathan Phillips rightly outrage. But who taught them the chants, fostered the intolerance, stirred up racial division for political gain? Adults and political leaders hold the greatest responsibility for our times.
RT @drrflower: I have talked about CRISPR before and now its being made into a documentary with producer Dan Rather. 	#dna #genetics #CRISP…
Have started watching the drama “Bodyguard” on @netflix.  So far, so good. Far above average for television fare.  (Note: not the movie of a similar name)
For all those bracing for the coming winter storm, please be safe and be prepared.
Special Counsel has issued a statement disputing Buzzfeed report- a sober reminder of how much we have yet to learn. All who care about the Constitution should let facts dictate conclusions. And remember there will be political as well as legal judgement for this Administration.
There is a push by some to say that "both sides" are to blame for the shutdown. I would agree. Both sides of Pennsylvania Avenue. The White House and the GOP leaders of the Senate. It's pretty clear that's how the majority of Americans see it.
I've seen many Congressional trips to war zones, members of both parties. If our women and men in uniform are at war, our civilian leadership must be able to go hear what's going on. Hopefully not only talking to the generals, but privates and sargeants.
I have a sense the nervousness around what Mueller knows extends to many Trumps, not just the President.
I will be flying today, thinking of how many people work so hard to make commercial flight a remarkably safe enterprise. And how many of those people are being asked to now work without pay. It is a disgrace and it's putting the system at unnecessary risk.
If true, the Buzzfeed story is a political earthquake.  Caution: we really know little; Mueller knows much. Time to be steady, let facts lead us to truth.  But at almost every turn in this national nightmare, implausible has become plausable. The walls do appear to be closing in.
Let's remember that probably all it would take to end this madness is for Mitch McConnell to say, "ok, let's vote."
"The soul of our nation is at stake in the way we talk about and treat people." Thoughts from people of faith about the rhetoric around the border. Words worth reading and pondering... https://t.co/SmKRpZwfQ9
To those who lecture about "family values" and explicitly or tacitly condone removing THOUSANDS of children from their parents... One child would be a tragedy. This is a national shame and disgrace that I believe will be likened at least somewhat to Japanese-American Internment.
Gene editing tech called #CRISPR could be as transformative as the internet. Allowing humans to control our own evolution. So excited to announce our CRISPR doc film called "Human Nature" will premiere at @sxsw. Please sign up on our website for more info. https://t.co/OTzJAdlhHD
Wouldn’t want to play poker with Speaker Pelosi.
News alert: US troops killed. This time in Syria. May we pray for their souls and for their families. Even as we debate politics and policy may we be united in grief and honor the high cost of service.
The GOP's recent denunciations of Rep. Steve King's comments stand in stark contrast to the silence over similar sentiments from Pres. Trump. I would offer, however, that it is best not to grade racism on a curve.
I have a sense future generations will have a hard time understanding how all this happened. Over a wall??? There are always things from the past that seem inexplicable. Sadly, this is a lot more serious than sideburns, bell bottoms, and pet rocks.
Perhaps the best synonym or even euphemism for “racist” is simply “racist.”
When it came time for the shutdown showdown, perhaps Pres. Trump believed those old stereotypes about Democrats (circular firing squads, herding cats). Apparently not this time. They're sticking together about as tight as Willie Nelson's headband.
Time for the daily “Could you imagine the response if Obama did it?” Today’s edition: considering U.S withdrawal from NATO. Discuss...
The accomplished artist who is my wife Jean gave me a tutorial on the German artists known as The Blue Rider group. Hadn't heard of them until recently. Always humbled by how much I don’t know. The “teaching moment” reminds anew the value of knowledge and respect for the arts.
Who do you think is most responsible for the partial government shutdown? Are you a federal worker who has been affected? I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET for discussion. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
I remember meeting a young Dr. Martin Luther King and the seemingly insurmountable odds he faced. I remember his perseverance, courage, and belief that injustice was not inevitable. We're a far better nation because of his vision. In his example we continue to find inspiration.
Just saw movie “Vice” - Recommend it. Acting superb. Has its flaws (what film doesn’t?) but whatever your political or ideological persuasion, this movie will give you enough serious thoughts to ponder for quite awhile. Especially in this moment in our history.
Many Republicans are distancing themselves from the bigotry of Rep. Steve King. But this bile's been out there for years and echoed by many others. So, profiles in courage? Or politicians reacting to the majority of voters who find these views antithetical to the American ideal?
What Pres. Trump doesn't understand (or acknowledge) is journalists didn't ask previous presidents if they were agents for hostile foreign powers because it was never a question anyone thought to ask. The disgrace lies not in the query but in the plausibility of the premise.
RT @92Y: Are we in a new Cold War with Russia? And what comes next? That's what we'll discuss, among other topics, on Jan. 23 with historia…
The shadow of collusion grows ever darker. Ultimately, we don't know where the evidence will lead. We must wait for final judgement. But the horizon of the plausible has been on an unrelenting march, closer and closer to the President's inner circle and the President himself.
A respectful suggestion as we get deeper into this grave year for our country: Remember and remind others of that core American value: no one—not even a President—is above the law.  And carved into stone at our Dept. of Justice are the words, “Where law ends, tyranny begins.”
RT @AuschwitzMuseum: Visitors looking at shoes that belonged to murdered children. 		We must commemorate the victims of #Auschwitz but we m…
Some days for me (actually many days) are Johnny Cash days. I put on his songs while shaving and getting ready in the morning, Craving a little honesty and artistry amidst the craziness I know the morning newspaper (or Twitter) will bring...
This story is understandably playing as a bombshell. One wonders how it will fit in the ultimate narrative. https://t.co/Gqou1K7gQ6
Will the Media Be Trump's Accomplice Again in 2020? @FrankBruni asks a question vital to the future of our nation. I am honored to have been asked to join the conversation. https://t.co/WGgu4n6boD
In some circles (5th Avenue, Congress, "thought leaders") living paycheck to paycheck may be an abstraction. In most of America it's food, rent, childcare and the other bare necessities of life.
It‘s like we’re living through a bad parody of reality television. But at least when that kind of stuff is on TV you know it isn’t really real and you can chose not to watch.
All this talk of building a big mighty wall, and thoughts turn to Ozymandias. 		"Look on my Works, ye Mighty, and despair!"	Nothing beside remains. Round the decay	Of that colossal Wreck, boundless and bare	The lone and level sands stretch far away.		https://t.co/glyyDn0e3S
For any pundits, journalists or news editors who underestimate the savviness of contemporary news consumers, I caution - wander into the briar patch of "false equivalence" at your peril.
Corner, meet paint, meet President.
Are you a scientist, or training to be a scientist? Do you know someone who is? This is a wonderful resource my friends at @ibiology have put together to teach the skills to do experiments at the bench. Please share with people you think would find it helpful. https://t.co/zFlaHu6ugY
Not only do government workers deserve to be paid, they deserve our national respect. They are vital to making the United States the best version of itself.
Full of sound and fury. Signifying nothing.
Two primetime addresses - the President and the opposition. And it's not a State of the Union. Many ask if I've ever seen anything like this before? Short answer, no. Has "I haven't seen this before" also been my answer for much of what we are seeing? Short answer, yes.
One way of summarizing today’s political environment: many Americans think there’s a national emergency at the Southern Border. Many others (maybe a majority) see a national emergency in the Oval Office.
Washington Post Headline: "Paul Manafort shared 2016 polling data with Russian employee, according to court filing" (A definition of collusion?)
It has become popular in some quarters to believe that Pres. Trump is “stupid.”  To which an acquaintance replied with an old quote (source unknown): “Trump is not a stupid man, he just has bad luck when thinking.”
What are your thoughts on the partial government shutdown? Are you in favor of building a wall on our southern border? I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET for discussion. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
No doubt about it, all smiles on the @ClemsonFB sidelines. There are more highlight throws and catches for the Tigers to fill a season's highlight reel.
If you are a network executive, do you carry President Trump's speech tomorrow night live? (Point of reference, Pres. Obama was denied network coverage for an immigration speech in 2014)
College football championship tonight:  If you have to bet it, sure, you bet Alabama. They're too deep and too talented on both sides of the ball. But Clemson's strong enough that, with a couple breaks and a hot night for their vertical passing game, a win wouldn't be shocking.
“Springsteen on Broadway” on @Netflix is a joy. He's "The Boss" - a quintessential storyteller in sound. His life story reminds me of my friend @WillieNelson, who for Texas is what @springsteen is for New Jersey - a hometown hero whose music belongs to all of us, and the ages.
I believe we should try to elevate our public discourse. Some of the most radical voices I’ve covered used the most beautiful rhetoric to bend the world to their side. But in the end, I tend to be much more concerned with vulgarity in deed than in word.
Who needs the dinosaurs, art and spaceships of the Smithsonian when you can take the kids to the clock tower at the Trump hotel? (Where National Park Service rangers are still working???) What’s going on?
How many times has Pres. Trump made a sweeping statement only to have someone close to him come out later and say that's not what he meant, or what he actually said (even though we have him saying it or a Tweet)? And often the person dismissing what Trump said is Trump himself.
Not sure if your political party is struggling with young voters and changing national demographics the smart strategy is to engage in social media battles with a young, popular, Latina freshman congresswoman who has proven to be a master at viral communication.
"Women lawmakers had to wait until 2011 to get a restroom off the floor of the House. On Thursday for the first time, there was a line to get in." A great lede from the @washingtonpost. A mental image that says a lot. https://t.co/kND8zWKKMn
Celebrating the life of a trailblazer who helped us explore the heavens and expand our horizons back on Earth. Science is driven by awe and wonder and its pursuit must be open to all. May Nancy Grace Roman RIP. https://t.co/ZZ5BouoXbf
Spending  a raw, rainy day in the company of family and a good book. Feeling fortunate for warmth and shelter. #ThingsThatMakeMeHappy
It's only day two of a new political reality in Washington and already there are dozens of new, serious storylines of which to take stock. A news cycle already on turbodrive goes into warpspeed. Hold on to your hats and don't forget to breathe.
Watching the President talk today, I was reminded of how much was once made of President Obama and teleprompters.
That a president of the United States would characterize the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan as a positive is flat wrong and deeply troubling.
Congress is key as we move ever deeper into this period in our nation's history. Whether ours is to continue to be a government of laws and not of men is first, at base, for Congress to decide… and then followed by the American people making the final, decisive judgement.
New Senator Mitt Romney had some very strong words for the President. And the response from the Administration was predictable. Is this a Kabuki dance or a fissure in the monolith of GOP support? Let's see. In Washington, how someone actually votes speaks a lot louder than words.
After pulling through a holiday illness (nothing too serious but something needing attention) I reflect with humility on all those struggling with far worse. My thoughts are with the sick, sorrowful, and afflicted.
RT @DevineNews: Anyone else still tackling #books from #2018? Get a new one for #2019? #ChapterADay	. . .	Just finished @DanRather book on…
I've tried to spread a message of peace and unity this New Years, but I must confess that ends on the sidelines of the #SugarBowl2019. Go Texas #HookEm
So Elizabeth Warren announces she's running. And already judgements come flooding in. Does she have a chance? Will she be a strong candidate? I don't know. Perhaps we should all just wait and see how the narrative unfolds rather than trying to predict what the narrative will be.
Happy new year to all. May we join together in tackling the challenges before us and endeavor to help make the world a healthier, happier and more just place. As I look to 2019, I chose hope.
Thank you @NASA for an inspiring kick off to the New Year. Tonight, let’s all peer into the night sky and reflect on how our species sent an intrepid probe into the vastness of space. There’s so much that is possible. #NewHorizons indeed.
In 2018 I saw many rise up for justice, decency and love. I don't minimize the dark forces or the power they wield. But I believe they underestimate those who've joined the fight against mean-spiritedness, cynicism. and the undermining of our civic institutions. Happy New Year.
Another example that we are living in the Theater of the Absurd: Shutting down the government for a wall that Mexico won't pay for, that is really steel slats, now masquerading as a metaphor.
RT @AuschwitzMuseum: With over 114k RTs and 14,5 mln impressions, this basic fact became our most important tweet of 2018.		To understand t…
Give Oklahoma credit. They have refused to crumble, have fought back. Odds still long, but miracles do happen. And if anybody can make this one Okie QB Murray might.
Doctor, I think we may have a pulse (Oklahoma vs. Alabama)
It would now take a miracle of Biblical proportions for Oklahoma to beat Alabama. So pundits and bookmakers right: Neither Notre Dame or Oklahoma ever had more than a severe underdog’s chance in the games today.
If things don’t change in a hurry, it looks like the big college football games today will have about as much suspense as a Soviet election.
Alabama overwhelming Oklahoma in every phase so far as it hljumps to two TD first quarter lead
Clemson just too talented, too fast, too deep for Notre Dame. 	Now question is whether Alabama will be the same for Oklahoma... or not.
If ND is to have any chance in 2nd half it must mount far better pass rush. Otherwise, the rout will likely continue.
The Irish are going to need a lot more than luck in the second half.
After the Ohio State game, I suggested holding off from reaching out to Michigan football fans. I would maintain that moratorium extends to today.
Teddy Roosevelt talked about the presidency as a "bully pulpit" - with bully meaning "excellent" &amp; "first rate" in the parlance of the age. It would seem from one of his successor's Twitter feeds during a government shutdown that a more modern definition of "bully" is at play.
The vagaries and injustices inherent to life present enough problems, anxieties, and struggles. We would do better to spend our energies on solutions and healing rather than creating unnecessary and avoidable harm.
There’s a lot of justified criticism of social media but watching the growth of the following around @AuschwitzMuseum is reaffirming. We must Never Forget - and the people behind this Twitter feed help that mission tremendously. If you don’t follow already I recommend doing so. https://t.co/cHBkxBBZyF
@AuschwitzMuseum Thank you for providing needed reminders of the horrors of the past and the urgent need to never forget.
Every winter I think at some point about Gen. Washington and the troops at Valley Forge, what they endured and the hardships Americans in uniform have endured ever since. Contrast those leaders of the past who understood sacrifice with some in positions of power today.
Most federal workers I've met are an inspiration. Many earn far less than they'd make in the private sector. They believe in service and making America the best it can be. Values that stand in contrast to those now playing games with their livelihoods and our national purpose.
My heart is heavy at the death of a husband, father, and officer of the law who was shot and killed after a traffic stop on Christmas night. I hope the killer of Ronil Singh is brought to justice.  https://t.co/pNzPyXk3Bw
@jesseltaylor When I hear the William Tell Overture I think of the Lone Ranger.
Just a thought: Which should be considered more “marginal” - believing in Santa at age 7 or not believing in climate change at age 72?
Last night, tree lights twinkled in a home of stillness. I thought of the surprising sweep of life, struggles and joys, breathing a deep spirit of hope &amp; thanks to all working to make the world a better place. This morning brought the happy bustle of family time. Merry Christmas.
Amidst deep struggles for our nation, let us also remember the millions suffering with immediate concerns of health and safety - the homeless, hungry, sick, and lonely. In this season we are asked to think of the less fortunate, but they deserves our empathy and help year round.
RT @AuschwitzMuseum: 24 December 1940 | The SS set up a Christmas tree with electric lights at the roll-call square of #Auschwitz. Undernea…
To all who argue they're shocked about where we are, go back and look at the vast majority of newspapers that didn't endorse Trump for president. Their warnings are eerily prescient. This was predictable. Case in point, the conservative Arizona Republic: https://t.co/3KkoWXoLD2
President Clip Art?
I’ve met many tough women in my life (I’m from Texas), but few rival Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. I wish her all the best for a healthy and happy year ahead.
"Who's gonna pay for it? Mexico" - the lie that begot all others.
In the crowded sweepstakes that is shaping up to be the 2020 Democratic presidential field, sources are telling me that former Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe is mulling getting in. If so, I think he may be able to outperform expectations.
Now is the winter of our discontent...
Some thoughts on this fraught moment for our nation...#Courage #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/w4PUkRhujH
Tonight I would gladly trade stability and sanity for schadenfreude.
I predict the resignation letter of General Mattis will become one of those oft-referenced documents that come to illuminate important chapters of the American story. Wow.
Maybe moved by the spirit of the hymns of the holiday, I look at President Trump and can't help but think, "...like a foolish man who built his house on sand."
Stocks collapsing. Mueller and other prosecutors closing in. Wall funding mirage evaporating. Democrats taking control of the House.... So now's a good time for a well-respected Sec of Defense to leave? Desperately trying to change the subject but reinforcing storyline of chaos.
Well at least Putin thinks it’s a good idea to pull out of Syria. Our allies? Bipartisan members of Congress? Military leaders? Apparently not so much.
The prison reform bill is a important step towards rethinking incarceration in America. A tip of the Stetson to all who made it possible. But to get a sense of the problem more broadly, check out this video we produced with @dsallentess https://t.co/Oqpks6AR6l
@AMNH Thank you. The museum is a testimony to the power of awe, wonder, and discovery. Its exhibits never cease to surprise and inform. It's an institution well worth its global reputation as a must-see in NYC.
I sure wish Facebook and other tech behemoths were facing some good ol’ fashion Teddy Roosevelt style trust busting passion coming out of Washington. The more we learn the more they lose the benefit of the doubt.
Yesterday, NYC had a brilliant blue December sky. I took my youngest grandson Andy to the Natural History Museum. Walking through the exhibits, learning, laughing, talking, thinking... the feeling when you're spending a day you'll remember forever. #ThingsThatMakeMeHappy @AMNH
As the Democrats in the House get ready to investigate Pres. Trump and his administration, the hardest part may be deciding where to begin. It's like staring at a overflowing smorgasbord of venality.
Remember when Pres Trump sold himself as a master negotiator? His bravado recently in the Oval Office on his border wall? The Dems haven't yet taken over the House and let's just say one side looks like card sharks and the other like a man who can't tell a straight from a flush.
Unexpected headlines out ot the Flynn sentencing - another reminder that the judicial branch of our system of government is a fully independent enterprise. And as our democracy faces a stress test, our judges and prosecutors have largely been a bulwark of stability. Huzzah!
Mourning the loss of a funny, poignant, and original American voice. Penny Marshall was a pioneer in television and the big screen who understood humor comes in many forms and some of life's deeper truths require a laugh. She will be missed. May she RIP.
What do you think was the biggest news story of the year? Phone lines open at 10:15am ET during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast for discussion. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) #DanRathersAmerica
It's inevitable we're already seeing early polls of Dem 2020 prospects. What to watch: 	1) Name recognition counts - it's an ominous sign if you've got it and have middling poll numbers.	2) Look for less well-knowns punching above their weight. 	3) Amy Klobuchar
Proud to be a part of the critically-acclaimed film @FailStateMovie, a gripping investigation into the murky world of for-profit colleges, premiering tonight on @STARZ at 9pm Eastern. https://t.co/lxZEGwBBFU
So much will be on the line in 2020. But for Pres. Trump the most important thing may be his own legal jeopardy. His protection from prosecution - his "get out of jail free card" - may be dependent on him staying in office. How might that fact shape a sense of desperation?
‘Tis that time of year	When I can feel the cheer	But also do I know 	That my to do list will grow.
RT @KLM_press: Tracy from Minnesota, where are you? https://t.co/vq0TdF7eCe
In case you haven’t read this remarkably human story yet... #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/LwKlIU9ttS
Yep....This tweet seems to be holding up just fine. https://t.co/VHZVvnLNgl
As Paul Ryan leaves the national spotlight, how his tenure was covered by a credulous press corps should be cause for soul searching among reporters about which policies are considered credible in Washington and the dangers of false equivalence.
When movies are made of this time, one has a growing sense the inauguration will be a major scene. Moneyed interests frolicing in the shadows will make a cinematic juxtaposition to overrated crowd sizes.All set against a backdrop of crescendoing lies from the White House podium.
We risk our humanity when we avert our eyes from the horror happening in Yemen. We must contend with the pictures of starving, maimed and dead children. This is not to suggest it is a crisis with an easy answer. But willful ignorance and thus tacit complicity is unacceptable.
Humble suggestions for headline and Twitter writers at press outlets	Please... 	1) Don't act as stenographers for demonstrable lies. 	2) Don't confuse readers who quickly scroll through about what is true. 	3) Reflect the balance and context that's often in the actual article.
For many, this season is "the most wonderful time of the year." But for those struggling with loneliness, illness, economic hardship, the loss of a loved one,, and other struggles, this time can be very difficult. So please reach out to those in need of help and comfort.
Inevitably the circus in the Oval Office this morning was subjected to the usual postgame political analysis. Who won? Who lost? How many points were scored? All valid questions with real ramifications, but I feel more an abiding sadness that our polity is obviously so demeaned.
For years there's been a concerted Republican effort to drum up specious claims of massive "voter fraud." That's different from ELECTION FRAUD, which appears to be all too real in a GOP campaign in NC and DOJ allegations implicating the President himself in a criminal conspiracy
Eager to lend my voice to this very important conversation. We need more #scicomm. This column also includes a link to my interview with the inspiring @dacolon. I believe it's worth a listen. https://t.co/ybg2oVhTIz
The press conference of the absurd that just ended with the President and the Democratic leaders in Congress portends for new fireworks in our national drama. The shutdown looms - the battle over the "Trump Shutdown." The stakes rise. And the spectacle spirals into new unknowns.
In the Cold War, the US was a global (albeit an imperfect) leader for freedom and democracy. Today, we stand with Russia and Saudi Arabia (let that sink in) denying the science of climate change. More than just a mark of shame, the great tragedy lies in the damage being wrought.
White House Chief of Staff is usually one of the most sought after jobs in the country. Apparently (and understandably) that's not the case today. I can't help but think of that old card from Monopoly - "You have won second prize in a beauty contest, collect $10."
Time's 2018 Person of the Year are four journalists and one newspaper deemed "The Guardians and the War on Truth" What are your thoughts on this choice? Phone lines open at 10:15am ET during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast  for discussion. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) #DanRathersAmerica
Reading a book before bed that's so good you can't put it down even though you're getting sleepy. #ThingsThatMakeMeHappy
RT @AstroAnnimal: My new favorite spot! https://t.co/l3ML6l1HY5
We must Never Forget. I follow @AuschwitzMuseum on Twitter and my feed contains regular reminders of the horror of the Holocaust, shaking me from daily preoccupations to contend with heartbreaking but necessary truths. I gently and respectfully suggest you try following as well. https://t.co/cWsyUU1sNi
Reflecting this morning: Isn't the poetry of Hank Williams astounding?		Hear that lonesome whippoorwill 	He sounds too blue to fly	That means he's lost the will to live 	I'm so lonesome I could cry		(Not feeling lonesome personally, just appreciative and contemplative)
I've seen carousels and ferris wheels and whirling dervishes, but I've seldom if ever seen something spin faster than the revolving door at this White House.
Individual 1! Who would have thought that a court filing would coin the perfect title for our times? One can imagine the books, films, songs, plays, paintings, sculptures, even operas of the future.
It is easy to be reckless and irresponsible when you think the reckonings of tomorrow will never come. Fixing what's broken rarely is fun. But the bill invariably comes due. And that is already upon us with climate change.
If we have to go through what we're going through, can we at least make the word PERFIDY more a part of common usage?
We live in an age of great serialized dramas, a golden age of television... but I have never witnessed as compelling and unpredictable a drama as the Special Counsel investigation. Another episode is scheduled to air today...
Is "panic tweeting" a thing? (Asking for a friend...)
Trump apparently shrugged off coming debt crisis with "Yeah, but I won't be here." Sadly that sentiment could also apply to the global community when it comes to climate change. Reports about carbon emissions spike is deeply disturbing. Who will champion action rather than delay?
Watching today's eulogies I thought about our national reckoning. We can't rely on the consciences of those who have shown none or humility from those who refuse introspection. Forces of change must swell in the population at large to shake our republic into a more just future.
A staple of legal television journalism (and now twitter?) is speed reading documents for hot takes. Turns out that’s easier to do when everything’s redacted. But tantalizing clues nonetheless.
Most of us yearn for normalcy. But we can't let that hope blind us to reality. We can't become inured. Presidencies should not be graded on a curve and if we lower the bar any more we risk tripping over it.
When I see a parent and child walking down the street, hand in hand, smiling, laughing, eyes wide open in wonder, hands gesturing with excitement, engulfed in a spirit of happiness and love. #ThingsThatMakeMeHappy
GOP power grabs in Wisconsin and Michigan undermine the foundation of our republic. The whole idea of elections is they have consequences. Those who lose live to fight for the people’s vote another day. Trying to change the rules on your way out the door is a national shame
Pardon if you must, a grandfather's pride: my grandson @MartinRather has a short piece published in the New York Times today. It’s one of a collection of vignettes on life in New York City. (Link below) https://t.co/dBVturgjKr
Rereading my friend Laurie Nadel's book THE FIVE GIFTS.  Especially with so many people recovering from personal tragedies and things like the aftermath of natural disasters, the holiday season can be challenging...this book can be very helpful to all struggling.
Happy Hanukkah to all celebrating. May it be a time of blessing with family and friends. May we all pledge that our Jewish brothers &amp; sisters find comfort and protection in this nation. And may that spirit extend to all people regardless of faith, and nonreligious as well.
My thoughts on the passing of President Bush. May he Rest In Peace. https://t.co/Ze1xwb0WPu
My vow to take the mysterious world of insects more seriously led me to read this fascinating, beautifully written and yet alarming article with great interest. Can we also please recognize the importance of citizen scientists?  https://t.co/cKVGpj62nk https://t.co/AYzsP06dhk
I wonder, what if a fairy godmother could come, wave a magic wand, and instantly wipe away the injustices around how we vote - the suppression, gerrymandering, long lines, all of it. Let's say nothing else changed, just that. How different would our government look and function?
A GOP victory in NC house race is under serious cloud of election fraud. Where's the outrage from those who've long used "voter fraud" mantra to suppress (mostly minority) votes? Rank hypocrisy. We need a hard, honest look at the injustices around how we vote.
Cardiac arrest time in Texas v OU game. Close late with so much at stake for OU, Texas and Ohio State.
Texas gets the TD they had to have to stay in game
Who else is watching Texas v Oklahoma? I’m surprised so far. Texas is dominating up front, at line of scrimmage and thus has dominated much of first half.
Opening an old book of poetry, finding a once-familiar verse, and stirring old memories in the warmth of the words. #ThingsThatMakeMeHappy
This is a Rorschach Test for what type of mettle we should require of those who would serve as our president.
We need to recognize and remember how a president should behave. When we repair our national fabric, let not the character of President Trump become in any way the mark of the acceptable.
A guilty plea. Another bombshell. Shadows of Russian collusion darken with evermore specificity. For those old enough to remember the Cold War, that this is with the former USSR (now run by an ex-KGB officer) casts the drama even further into a dangerous theater of the absurd.
Hey Kindle readers - there's a special on my book #WhatUnitesUs today. Maybe something to help you steer heated political discussions at holiday family gatherings into calmer waters? https://t.co/ZT83NYOsQl
We must remember that America’s longest war continues. And our service members are still in harm’s way and dying in Afghanistan. https://t.co/AZdjJu4Alz
What stories or headlines are at the forefront of your mind? I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET for discussion. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
I saw that CNN had Tom DeLay on to talk about climate science. Hopefully that statement needs no further clarification as to why I (and hopefully many others) would find that very discouraging.
Looking at Manafort and Trump on one side and Mueller on the other, one is reminded of the old adage of one side "playing chess" and the other "playing checkers." Although with today's developments, maybe it's more like chess and Candy Land.
Climate denialists attack scientists by saying they're in it for...the money??? Most scientists I've met could make a much easier and more lucrative living doing something else. And this line from allies of an administration rife with corruption and self dealing? Project much?
RT @NASA: 📸 Wish you were here! @NASAInSight sent home its first photo after #MarsLanding:		InSight’s view is a flat, smooth expanse called…
Pretty amazing. https://t.co/DGWDCEhIPW
I believe science should be subject to policy discussions. But we can't have pundits/politicians confusing the public about scientific consensus. How should we respond to climate change? Let's debate. Scientists are part of a conspiracy: &amp; climate change isn't real? Not a debate.
When someone starts an argument with "I'm not a scientist, but..." maybe we should stop listening to them weighing in on science. And maybe news shows should stop asking these pundits to talk about something they’re not qualified to talk about.
Tomorrow, if all goes well, a little marvel of human engineering will land far away from our troubled planet. The NASA probe InSight is on a mission to study the structure of Mars. It's also a timely reminder of the wonder and awe of science and what human minds can accomplish
I see there is a push for scientists, especially those writing about climate change, to be hired as Op-Ed writers for major papers. I wholeheartedly endorse. I don't think you can call yourself a responsible journalistic entity in today's world without giving a voice to science.
Calling on the phone or writing a note to an elderly friend or family member who is in assisted care. #ThingsThatMakeMeHappy
A bit of good news as that horrible wildfire is now 100 percent contained. Thanks to all the brave women and men who made that possible. Still so much loss. So much devastation. So many still missing. The heartache and rebuilding of lives will stretch on long into the future. https://t.co/pJzcy9GZ1D
When attacked, the American instinct has usually been to unite and stare down defeat with fierce determination, innovation, creativity, and courage. Climate change may be one of the gravest threats we've ever faced. We can fight back if we acknowledge realty and don't give up.
I have a lot of dear friends who are big Michigan fans. I think I’m going to give them some space today.
Eager to add my voice to this important conversation. Science and journalism must both be part of #WhatUnitesUs. Hope you will take a read of our column. https://t.co/HB4J2pwmV2
Watching Ohio State v Michigan. 	That rarity, a blocked kick for a touchdown, quickly followed by pass interception near end of 3rd quarter probably seals game for Ohio State—and maybe a rout. But time still remains. Pass the Fritos,please
RT @AlgonquinBooks: #WhatUnitesUS by @DanRather is an essential book for our times, and it's 25% off through 11/28 when you use code ALGONQ…
On a walk with my grandson a group of ladybugs lighted upon us. It was delightful and I realized I haven't given the mysterious world of insects enough heed. I vow to change that. Did you know a group of ladybugs is called a "loveliness?" How poetic. How true. How perfect.
Dereliction of duty. Grave words I grant you, but we've had decades of inaction in the face of overwhelming scientific evidence of climate change. A new government report out today rings alarm bells again - warning of dire threats to U.S. health and economic security.
It's the day after Thanksgiving and how am I trying to shake off the effects of too much turkey? By watching Texas v Kansas football of course. I try to be impartial, but in this case - Hook 'Em Horns.
Want a great gift idea for Black Friday? How about the book WHAT UNITES US? Shameless self promotion? Guilty as charged. But hey, it's my Twitter. I'm really proud of the book. Other people (including some who aren't friends and family) seem to agree. https://t.co/SaPYd6nY5j
Happy Thanksgiving to all. It is a time when I try to pause from the daily tides of life to reflect on all that I have to be thankful for and to remember those less fortunate... My too-long-for Twitter thoughts below... https://t.co/N5ewOf6w3h
If I'm a President... and I was looking at potentially significant legal "exposure," I'm not sure I would take to Twitter to go after the Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. Call me crazy, but pretty sure that would not be my definition of #winning.
Trump attacks a federal judge who ruled against him as "an Obama judge." Chief Justice Roberts rebukes: “We do not have Obama judges or Trump judges, Bush judges or Clinton judges." Will be interesting to see how Roberts acts going forward as Trump attacks independent judiciary.
There seems to be quite a competition among news outlets to publish stories calling into question Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker's judgement, ethics, and fitness for office.
The shameful statements by the President on Saudi Arabia are but another indication that our Ship of State is slipping the moorings of justice and losing its moral compass.
We the People are currently in “a battle for the meaning of America.” (quote from the subtitle of a new book "Identity Crisis" about 2016 presidential election by 	Sides,Tesler and Vavrick from @PrincetonUPress )
We need oversight... Real oversight... Oversight with teeth and consequence... https://t.co/37fJQfMjtS
In case you haven't seen this - please don't eat romaine lettuce.	https://t.co/gcGGvuydwG
One of the dire predictions of climate change is that natural disasters will be numerous, simultaneous, and cumulative. 	https://t.co/anfKw5crp0
There is a grave danger in having the outrageous become common place. Gun violence should never be the norm or background noise. It is a public health crisis and doctors have every right to speak out. They are the ones on the front lines of the epidemic.
PRESIDENT TRUMP PARDONS A TURKEY. I think this is one case where the comedians can just let the headline speak for itself.
As we enter Thanksgiving week my thoughts turn to the women and men in uniform serving in dangerous places and far away from home. They're ever in my prayers. We support them when we honor their service, their sacrifice, and the values they are called upon to defend.
These are FACTS: Jamal Khashoggi was murdered. Strong evidence points to the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia. President Trump and the White House seem unwilling or uninterested in responding to this international crisis. Not a day should go by when we aren't reminded of these facts.
Jim Acosta having his White House credentials reinstated is a victory for a free press and the First Amendment. I also take it as a hopeful sign that our democratic norms can and will persist if people are willing to stand up and fight for them.
Having time to talk with family members with no specific agenda... just looking them in the eye and asking "How are you doing?"...letting the conversation flow wherever it may go and for however long it may take. #ThingsThatMakeMeHappy
The bedrock of the best traditions of American journalism is on-the-ground reporting by professionals who know and live the story. We need more local reporting, boy do we ever, and this strikes me as a wonderful idea. @itsshoeleather https://t.co/RMLcNIQ9WI
RT @AXSTV: On the all-new episode of #TheBigInterview, @TheRealBuddyGuy talks to @DanRather about his passion for blues! Enjoy this first l…
RT @DavidBegnaud: Don’t forget the #campfire is still burning in Northern California, in Butte County		The fire has killed 76 people 		1,27…
I'm relieved that President Trump has the answer for stopping wildfires in the age of climate change. Who knew it was as simple as a "forest rake?" I searched for them on Amazon but couldn't find any. Perhaps a new product for Trump, Inc.?
My life experience has shown that systemic rot is usually revealed, and it eventually brings down those who seek to build their power upon it.
Looking at President Trump's reaction to the CIA's stunning conclusion that Jamal Khashoggi was murdered at the direction of the Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, one can't help but wonder what debt (monetary and otherwise) the President and his family may have with the Saudis.
Another #ThingsThatMakeMeHappy: Going for a walk with my wife Jean and holding hands, aware of and at peace with all that life has wrought but with the same excitement and sense of possibility as when we first met.
The sheer scope of the horror and devastation of the wildfire in Northern California keeps escalating. The list of the missing now tops ONE THOUSAND. The homeless number in the THOUSANDS. Hazardous smoke levels envelop MILLIONS. Where is the national attention and mobilization?
My thoughts about Facebook... posted on Facebook. https://t.co/qaW8PHVcaO
A big development in a story that is not going away. https://t.co/gQuBFC0mYr
As we contend with so many natural disasters - deadly wildfires, winter storms. and the aftermath of hurricanes and floods, please let us not forget our fellow Americans in the Pacific. https://t.co/30iMZcG8IS
RT @AP: Judge: White House must immediately return press credentials of CNN's Jim Acosta .
Please America take notice of California wildfires. Dozens confirmed dead. Hundreds missing. Thousands homeless. Millions choking on toxic air. Closed schools. People wearing masks. No immediate end in sight. Oh, and please do not neglect #climatechange in your coverage.
With so much grim news, I thought I'd try something new here - #ThingsThatMakeMeHappy. First up: Taking an old friend to lunch, looking at your watch and being surprised at how time flew while deep in meaningful conversation. (I hope to make this hashtag a semi-regular feature).
The SF Bay Area is suffering days of very dangerous air quality. This from the fires that have decimated communities further north leaving HUNDREDS missing. And the fires in Southern CA. The full extent of this natural disaster hasn't penetrated the Northeast News Bubble enough.
RT @jelani9: So here’s something interesting: I was seated next to Tom Brokaw this afternoon at the Chancellor Awards. Then I went to the a…
I saw Mitch McConnell issued a plea for bipartisanship??!?? At first I thought it was a joke - an article from @TheOnion or a bit from @StephenAtHome. Then I realized the English language needs a better synonym for chutzpah.
The world of For-Profit Colleges is worthy of a serious investigative treatment. Excited to be part of the critically-acclaimed documentary @FailStateMovie, now available for streaming. https://t.co/RzLYIBK1rC
The deadly wildfires in CA are a tragedy of fearsome proportion - lives lost, missing, and upended. We're Americans first and we hurt for our fellow citizens in times of need. We offer hands of help. But we also must realize climate change is going to make these situations worse.
The sanctity of the vote is the foundation upon which all of our democratic institutions are built. Is our voting system unfair, poorly managed, and susceptible to manipulation? For sure. That is why we need to fix it not debase it with false attacks of voter fraud.
Thinking today of my old friend and CBS News legend Maurice Murad, who passed away. Great person, great pro, RIP.
Are you satisfied with the results of the Midterms? What issues do you want to see Congress address in the new year?  I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET for discussion. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
To alll our veterans past, present and future, you have my heartfelt gratitude. A full accounting of all you’ve done for our country is impossible to calculate. Yet evidence of your service abounds in the preservation of our democratic values and unlikely but still holding union.
Visiting military cemeteries has always moved me deeply. Here are some personal memories shared last year on Veterans Day. (An excerpt from my book #WhatUnitesUs) https://t.co/LXhZIzRpW2
Few places move me more, connect me more to the sacrifice and service that have made our country possible, than battlefield cemeteries. The ages of the dead, mostly oh so young. The price of freedom high. I’m saddened the President has chosen not to pay his respects in France.
Please pause today and think of and give thanks to the brave firefighters who are risking their lives in hellish conditions in California to save others. My heart is also with those who have already lost so much, and the desperate fight against the infernos continues.
Our women and men in uniform shoulder so much service and sacrifice. To have thousands of them going through the motions of a campaign stunt (away from their families probably through Thanksgiving) seems particularly sad and cruel. #SupportOurTroops https://t.co/R7KjyFZ4Yn
When Pres Trump disrespects African American women reporters, he disrespects the Constitution he swore to uphold, he disrespects our nation's tortured path to justice, and he disrespects the stirring salvo of our democratic experiment: "We hold these truths to be self-evident..."
As California burns, as many parts of the country contend with hurricane devastation, we spent the run-up to the election talking about the caravan instead of climate change??? You don't have to be @DorisKGoodwin to guess how history is going to view this dereliction of duty.
RT @MichaelEMann: As I told @BBCWorld News back in October, California no longer has a "fire season". They have a perpetual fire season: ht…
Hot takes often don't look so hot in retrospect. On Election Night the narrative was a good night for the Dems, but not a wave. Yet numbers don't lie, and from local to state, to Congressional races, the "surf's up."
I've noticed some confusion about how elections work. People vote on (and now often before) Election Day. And those votes are counted. All of them. Sometimes it takes a while. Then, and only then, you know who won.
Very scary and destructive wildfire spreading in California at frightening speeds. Heed warnings to evacuate. My thoughts are with all those tasked with keeping people safe. This is becoming worse and worse. And climate change is real. https://t.co/TD1QNWyYu8
RT @AlgonquinBooks: This feels like a good book to read tonight.	#WhatUnitesUs by @DanRather https://t.co/rYsNctKQV6 https://t.co/gyCZIapgDZ
There’s a journalistic convention starting to frustrate me. In the wake of a mass shooting, there invariably is a line to the effect “officials trying to determine whether it’s terror related.” We’ve all probably used it at some time. But all mass shootings are acts of terror.
The voting situation in Georgia is shaping up to be a deeply troubling challenge to American democracy. There are so many questions that warrant investigation. If this was a foreign country there would be a call for international inspectors.
Another massacre, yet too many politicians throw up their hands and offer "thoughts and prayers." What if instead of mass shooting the headlines read Ebola? Food Outbreak? Airplane Malfunction? Terrorist Plot? Then would we act on what's clearly a public health crisis?
RT @vckykub: Quite appropriate to read today. #WhatUnitesUs @NewsandGuts https://t.co/fZhmXUokTW
Trump treats showdowns with the press as theater of the absurd. Don't let the act fool you. This is about questions he will not answer or answer honestly. That's what the press must do. Hold the powerful accountable. It's as much a part of America as the presidency itself.
There must be really something in those tax returns...
News the White House pulled Jim @Acosta’s credentials is not an attack on one journalist but all of the press. There should be complete solidarity. This is a moment for any Republican who says they believe in the Constitution to stand up.
Nice to have more people with science backgrounds in Congress. We could use a lot more science in our policy making and civic discourse. #science! https://t.co/tnri20xXkq
I said it before, and after thinking more about last night's results, I'll say it again. @amyklobuchar may emerge as a top Democratic nominee for 2020. She projects steadiness, seriousness, and competence. And she's well respected across diverse parts of the political spectrum.
The firing of Sessions, and Trump's tone in the press conference suggests that his takeaway from the elections is clear: "I won big. I can do what I want." Others see in these results a very different political reality - where the gravity of the real world still holds sway.
Nancy Pelosi is often treated as a far-left cartoon character, but she is a wiley operative, long skilled in the art of backroom political pressure and dealmaking. Her speech last night was balanced and focused on results. I think many may be surprised by her strategic acumen.
Where I think the headlines look tomorrow: "Democrats Win Control of House... Republicans Increase Control of Senate... Democrats Pick Up Some Key Governorships..." Each side gets something to cheer. The country remains deeply divided. Trump wounded but retains loyal base.
I think with a lot of high hopes crashing for Democratic voters in places like Florida and with Beto, there is maybe a drastic underappreciation of how Democratic control of the House will change the course of this country. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a very big deal.
Kansas now has a Democratic governor. Um. That's sort of a big deal.
https://t.co/tah8uVfU5i
It’s turning into a nail biter, but I am enjoying the election tradition of a bowl of my wife Jean’s famous Texas Prison Chili.
I know there is a lot of worry on the Democratic side, but I think there are some interesting storylines that may not be getting enough attention. For example, Colorado was once a pretty solid red state, but now just elected an openly gay Democrat - Jared Polis - as governor.
What’s more uncomfortable and prickly than “Pins and Needles?"
When you see 1% of precincts reporting, that’s about as useless as a pulled tooth in figuring out what’s going to happen (although can include early vote, which makes a difference).
It is the top of the hour and it feels like we're about to head into the roller coaster.
Want an Election Day break from refreshing twitter and 538 on your phones? How about the Boss sings Woody? "This land was made for you and me!" #WhatUnitesUs (click the link, it's worth it) https://t.co/stmmaepfpm
I have Diet Dr. Pepper on ice and some Wild Turkey in the cabinet. Plenty of Fritos ready as well. (For the record, I am not paid to endorse :)) #ElectionNightParty #RatherStyle
Some of these voting problems we are hearing about are incompetence, but far too many reek of voter suppression.
If a company ran their customer service like many of our voting systems, I don't think they would be in business for very long. Maybe this can be an issue for the next Congress to take up. Not only is it embarrassing for the world to see, it's undemocratic.
RT @wuu_america: “Of course, casting a ballot is just one of our civic duties, but a vital one. It is an act of speech, a demand that your…
It is a great paradox of Election Day: a country that is essentially the same can suddenly become very different.
I can’t remember a midterm where so many races seemed spandex tight, at least looking at the polls.
Another bit of Election Day thought: Late shifts in voter preferences are common, bringing surprises. Independents are the key today.  As they go, so will go many of the most important races.
Some gentle advice as you move through this Election Day and all of the news coverage: Assume nothing.  Remember that, especially in politics, what we most expect often doesn’t happen; what we least expect frequently occurs.
At the risk of sounding sentimental, I confess my eyes mist a bit seeing pictures of Americans lining up to vote, especially when snapshots reflect the diversity of this country. The path to more just American suffrage has come at great cost. And still the fight continues.
vote. Vote. VOTE. (And help and encourage others to vote as well)
To all of you working tirelessly for a more just and empathetic America... To you who are comforting the frightened, protecting the marginalized, and serving in causes greater than your own.... My country, 'tis of thee, sweet land of liberty, of thee I sing.
I don't know what will happen tomorrow. But what I do know is that it is one battle - albeit a pivotal and desperate battle - in a much bigger struggle for the soul of American democracy.
RT @AlgonquinBooks: "It is one of the great truisms of a democratic form of government that not only political power but the very definitio…
VOTE and get others to VOTE. All polls have margins of error. Those margins of error represent dramatic swings in outcome. Think of your vote as pushing those margins of error in the direction you want.
RT @CapehartJ: .@danrather “I'm absolutely convinced that while this is a very anxious time, and in many ways, a perilous time for the coun…
The only poll that matters is the vote total. So please vote and get others to vote. It’s your way of telling the world, “I am making history.” How often do you get the chance to say that?
With this election, I'm a heckuva lot less concerned about all the commentary around the current horse race, than what all of this means for the future of the human race.
I will try to oblige - Noting that at this stage in the campaign it’s all about getting out the vote and polls start to be about as useful as a weather vane in a tornado. https://t.co/PUE2yu0yot
Imagine a national consciousness shaped by empathy, and seen through the lens of "there but for the grace of God go I." Solving tough problems is helped when approached with humility. Many of our national leaders may fail, but we can try to hold ourselves to a higher standard.
What's happening in Yemen is a tragedy of historic proportions - a complicated story with no easy answers. But it's one we cannot afford to ignore. This brave and nuanced piece of journalism is a great place to start. https://t.co/DZOTKjLj1F
RT @AXSTV: On the new episode of #TheBigInterview, @DanRather sits down with folk trailblazer &amp; human rights activist @JoancBaez to discuss…
The U.S. Military is the most fearsome fighting force the world's ever known. That we're amassing thousands at the border to "repel" desperate women and children 100s of miles away is an insult - to those in uniform, to the intelligence of the American people, and to our values.
Are the lies working? Is hate a winning strategy? There's endless debate on cable news and elsewhere, but the truth of these claims will be defined by what happens Tuesday. Your votes, and getting people you know to vote, will shape the destiny of American history.
When you're being blamed and your only defense is "everybody's to blame," odds are you're to blame.
Public schools represent the best of America. Teachers, administrators, coaches, aides, and all who give their time inspiring young minds and shaping the bonds of citizenship are heroes. What's the news peg? Why just a Tuesday night. It should be news every night.
RT @dacolon: Met @DanRather &amp; @elliotkirschner in @ibiology interview. In our conversations, we found common ground between journalists'/sc…
We need science! We need to understand it more. Tell more of its stories. Revel more in awe of nature and the universe. I am committed to this mission. Please help me spread this message. And read my thoughts in a joint Op-Ed in @sciam. https://t.co/Xde0PyBzw9
GOP Closing Argument: You have everything to fear from fear itself (...oh, and "others"... and the press).
Think about this headline: "Trump claims he can defy Constitution and end birthright citizenship" - VP Pence echoes, says Supreme Court may back Trump. Objective Analysis: this is moving from outrageously absurd to truly dangerous. A president says he can defy the constitution!
Any media operation that acts as a stenographer for this president, in headlines or tweets, is at risk for sending false information into the world. There is no joy in saying this, but he lies. And it is the job for all of us not to serve as a megaphone for those lies.
I mourn with you Pittsburgh, may their memory be a blessing. And I stand with you in your grief, solidarity, and empathy. You are a proud and great American city defined by a confluence of mighty rivers whose energetic currents can sweep us into a more just and peaceful future.
I agree. https://t.co/tObNeD5FlU
Hate festers in the cracks of polite conversation. It spreads when it goes unacknowledged, when we don't stand up and speak out, when we don't teach our children. Antisemitism, racism, and bigotry are part of American history, but they must be considered abhorrent and un-American
This morning, my eyes are open to so much pain and suffering. My mind is open for how we can make a difference. And my heart is open to all who seek peace, justice, and love. I feel a deep sadness, but I feel an even greater hope that we will find a path out of the darkness.
A provocative Sunday read: https://t.co/2iaxIKkhum
Antisemitism, history shows, simmers like an ember even in times of seeming peace. A small provocation can spur a deadly conflagration. At the faintest hint of smoke, we must stamp out the flames as soon as possible. Those who stoke the danger are literally playing with fire.
“I swore never to be silent whenever and wherever human beings endure suffering and humiliation. We must always take sides. Neutrality helps the	oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented. Sometimes we must interfere.” - Elie Wiesel
Those who condemn the synagogue murders and still invoke George Soros are insincere.
I don't like the term "domestic terrorism" - terrorism is terrorism!
Mass murder at a Pittsburgh synagogue. A killer targeting African Americans in Kentucky. The bomb maker. The focus should not be only on Trump, but all who excuse, abet, or stand in silence while hate is stoked for political gain.
FALSE EQUIVALENCE: equating shouting at politicians in restaurants (incivility with which I don't agree) with sending several bombs to former presidents and other major figures through the mail (an act of terrorism and multiple felonies that will likely lead to decades in prison)
@JustBirdTweetin @USPS Agreed completely!
The swift arrest of a suspect in the bombing case is an example of the professionalism of law enforcement and in particular the FBI. Their work should never be politicized.
Sometimes you stumble across a fun headline and story that is far outside of the grueling news cycle, fills you with a sense of wonder, and reminds you of how much we have yet to learn. 	https://t.co/Z5ytfVyEgz
This election is about one question above all others: 	Who are we?
RT @crookedmedia: If you're one of those "leave everything to the last minute" people and you live in one of these states, you're in luck.…
The flu is serious, deadly serious. And the vaccine saves lives. Please retweet and spread the news. This is a message people need to hear. https://t.co/dwAviNa7Rk
Every president I’ve ever covered spent at least some days acting or at least talking about being the president for all Americans. This president hasn’t done that for a nanosecond.
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which U really stop to look fear in the face. U are able to say to yourself, "I have lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along." U must do the thing U think U cannot do― Eleanor Roosevelt
If what happened today isn't considered "an act of terrorism" we need to drastically change the definition of terrorism.
But her emails...https://t.co/oRGGB50AFK
We have so many REAL problems. Imagine if we had a president who calmed fear instead of stoking it. FDR might've said it best "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself, nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance."
For all that is going on, we must not forget the people and communities still struggling mightily in the aftermath of Hurricane Michael.
What President Trump doesn't seem to understand about the Khashoggi crisis is that it's the opposite of the old line about Watergate. in this case, it's not the cover-up, it's the CRIME! The murder of a journalist!
I found this quote on "heroism" from the great American essayist Ralph Waldo Emerson particularly poignant in our current age... #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/RXdBHJMWX6
An interesting development is seeing how our political divide ricochets through corporate America. We've seen Nike take a stand with their ad campaign, but there are also stories like this... https://t.co/h3wYefNSnh
With sadness I hear Justice Sandra Day O'Connor is stepping away from public life due to dementia. She was a trailblazer, a moderating voice, a pragmatist willing to listen as well as speak. We need more like her, on the Supreme Court, and in American life more generally.
What stories or headlines are at the forefront of your mind? I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET for discussion. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
Proud of my grandson @MartinRather and his commitment to investigative journalism. A story worth reading about the kinds of things happening in the shadows of these campaigns. https://t.co/0ZSDsdJQjC
I've reached a stage in my life where I can honestly say my kids have become my heroes.
Polls are useful data points. They can also drive you nuts. They're imperfect snapshots of moments in time, subject to margins of error. These elections are close - across the country. And all that will matter in the end is who actually shows up and votes!
A family weekend in nature: I feel the crisp air and see the forest prepare for winter. I smell the birches and hear the rush of the river. If we lose our moments of common humanity, our connection to the Earth, a sense that there's still so much beauty, we risk losing everything
When you see many GOP candidates peddling in lies and hate - especially around race - in their campaign ads in their closing days of the campaign, it should be taken very seriously but also as a reminder of the unpopularity of much of the GOP policy agenda.
President Trump - with his tough guy rhetoric - reminds me of the guy in the bar who starts a fight and tells his friends to "hold me back" while he waits for them to clean up the mess he started.
Pres. Trump's celebration of a congressman who assaulted a journalist is disgusting. The rapturous cheers from the crowd are deeply disturbing. The silence from GOP officials is the sound of cowardice. This has not, must not, will not be my America.
Whatever you may be feeling today about our country, hold on, stay steady, and know this: the good and decent mass majority of Americans will endure and prevail. Never doubt. It may take time but it will happen. This is our history and our destiny. Vote. #WhatUnitesUs
How do you speak in politics? By voting! That's true for citizens in elections. And it's true for senators who claim to be deeply troubled by President Trump but provide no meaningful check on his power.
The House of Saud meets the House of Trump. This is either a marriage of convenience, or ignorance, or complicity. But it is a dangerous walk down the aisle regardless.
What is happening at the Dept. of Ed. under Sec. Betsy DeVos deserves a lot more scrutiny. Case in point, "for profit" colleges. So I'm excited to announce a new documentary my team helped produce called @FailStateMovie 	https://t.co/Jn5N0g2ubz
Hurricane Michael has left a horrific swath of death, destruction, and increasing desperation. This tragedy demands a response, an outpouring of energy and empathy, equivalent to the dire scale of need.
My thoughts are first and foremost with victims. But to say it's not the time to talk about climate change in the wake of a deadly hurricane is like saying it's not the right time to talk about guns in the wake of a mass shooting. We can't protect ourselves if we ignore reality.
To suppress the vote is to make a mockery of democracy. Free and fair elections must be part of #WhatUnitesUs. My personal journey on voting can be found at this link: https://t.co/KunMY6Zjkb
I've spent two special days at my alma mater @SamHoustonState. To all who despair about America's future should meet the generation that must pick up the mantle of leadership and heal our nation. They're here. They're gaining strength. And they're not to be underestimated. https://t.co/N4Ag1nrIho
A nation that has a governmental and judicial structure that allows for prolonged minority rule is a nation that challenges its self-identity as a robust democracy. And it's a nation that courts illegitimacy in the eyes of too many of its citizens.
The scope and breadth of the destruction caused by Hurricane Michael, the dangerous and ongoing storm, is a cause for great alarm and sadness. My thoughts are with all those suffering.
RT @un_gusanito: #MondayMotivation		"Patriotism is humble, Nationalism is arrogant"-@DanRather		What Unites Us: Reflections on Patriotism h…
Coal miners are proud people, and they should be. Their hard work and sacrifice won wars and powered American industry. Now climate change demands we move to new forms of energy. Demagogues see an opportunity. But all of us should recognize, with empathy, the pain of change.
As if the stakes of the UN climate report needed any extra exclamation points, there's another hurricane bearing down on Florida. Once again, to all those in the path of the storm, stay safe. And to everyone else, how can wa make sure this issue drives national and global policy?
Journalists are under attack, here in the U.S., and especially around the globe. That's because truth and justice are under attack. The courage of women and men refusing to cower in the face of violence and power cannot be highlighted enough. Their deaths cannot go unanswered.
This report on climate change is a clanging alarm. Generations will rue our inaction. It's likely the biggest story of our age, and Trump mocks science, reverses progress, and appoints judges to do the same. Will the future of the planet be a voting issue? https://t.co/j8DUV3BUKa
The disappearance of journalist Khashoggi amid evidence of possible murder at hands of Saudi officials in Turkey is a mystery. It demands a thorough examination by US intelligence and a forceful response by Trump Admin which has coddled and condoned Saudi leaders for too long.
Are you angry? VOTE. Are you despondent? VOTE. Do you believe in the rule of law? VOTE. Do I sound like a broken record? VOTE. Join the discussion here: https://t.co/hAr24sE7b4
RT @davidfrum: If you have not yet read - you must https://t.co/ncyWzNc0Qn
"Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it." - Abraham Lincoln
There is a certain irony that Brett Kavanaugh will hereby be known as Justice Kavanaugh. Perhaps a convention will develop whereby the "Justice" part is forever bracketed by quotation marks.
You are not alone. Far from it. Look to your left and right, before you and behind you, at the millions who will support you on this journey for justice. Fill your lungs with the determined air of action... My too-long-for-Twitter thoughts on today here:	https://t.co/cT9Be9tgaQ
March forward, without fear, and the winds of justice at your back. Feel the ranks swell of those who will not cower in the face of money, power and privilege. A favorite saying reminds us that revenge is best served at the ballot box.
From Senate elevators to searing personal testimonies, courageous Americans demand a reckoning with justice long overdue. They are met by politicians and their supporters rooted in a sense of misplaced victimhood fanned by conspiracy theories and the bubble of Fox News.
Whither Susan Collins... whither the legitimacy of the Supreme Court... whither the future of this nation. Will we see a profile in courage?
What we must learn from so many victims coming forward with stories of sexual violence:	1) Many kept their secrets for decades. 	2) They remember some details vividly and others not at all.	3) It takes great bravery to speak. 		All of this is consistent with Dr. Ford's testimony.
Kavanaugh's unprecedented "explanation" (he didn't apologize) in the WSJ suggests Republicans are still worried about his nomination. The situation remains fluid. Our upcoming elections remain fluid. The ultimate history of this moment and the future, remains to be written.
I hope, and I expect, that America will eventually head on a path of healing from our deep divisions. But this healing will not, can not, be passive. It will require action, civic engagement, and empathy. #WhatUnitesUs
The New York Times story on the monumental alleged tax fraud fueling Trump's wealth is staggering and the highest form of the craft of investigative journalism. As the full biography of Trump finally comes into focus, we keep blowing past any boundary of disbelief and outrage.
RT @DavidBegnaud: Our documentary airs tonight in Puerto Rico, on TV, and again on Thursday. Check listings for CBS Puerto Rico. https://t.…
The power, and importance, of deep digging investigative journalism! What is in President Trump's tax returns?	https://t.co/eNnMBpTbHy
I don't think those who feel Kavanaugh is unfit for the Supreme Court will stop with the fact finding if a vote is rammed through the Senate. In the end, the long term health of this republic and the rule of law would be improved if the vetting happens before he gets a robe.
This is a big deal and I don't think many people saw it coming. The battle for higher wages in America now has a strong influx of new momentum. https://t.co/DUqYQGmQUa
RT @AXSTV: TOMORROW, be there for the 100th episode of #TheBigInterview with @DanRather featuring @ringostarrmusic! 	Make sure your DVR is…
RT @PedsAly: @chadhayesmd I don't have a great answer. But @DanRather has a few. #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/NPLDG3n1NL
Amidst all the news, stories like this can get overlooked. This one is too important. It is about the health and safety of the American people, especially children! Please read and share to get the message out. https://t.co/oK1i9vSwBc
This Tuesday is the 100th episode of my series The Big Interview on @AXSTV. I talk the Beatles and life with @ringostarrmusic at 9pm Eastern/8pm Central. Hope to see you there and in the weeks ahead.
This morning my heart aches for all those suffering and grieving in Indonesia. The  death, destruction and hardships that are sure to follow are staggering. I reflect on covering the aftermath of the 2004 tsunami, all those countless lives swept away in an instant.
An inspiring and calming read this Sunday night. A perspective through the long lens of history. #Steady #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/8hH3H4uImy
Trump beaming like a grade school crush about Kim Jong-Un, mass-murdering, duplicitous dictator: "We went back and forth, then we fell in love. He wrote me beautiful letters. And they are great letters. We fell in love." And the GOP says ho hum (But Benghazi! But her emails!)
If you find yourself in Smithville TX please check out the Comfort Cafe - a super small town eatery that's old-time Texas. Extensive menu of fresh homegrown food, biscuits with cream gravy, almost sinful homemade desserts. Try it and if you have a heart I suspect you'll enjoy it.
An honor to be interviewed Saturday by @RickHertzberg at Austin’s @TexasTribune #Tribfest2018. The topic was the fateful year 1968 with fellow panelists @HardballChris, @Lawrence and Luci Baines Johnson.
News is what the powerful want to keep hidden. By limiting the scope of the FBI investigation on Kavanaugh, the White House is daring the press to shed more light on what's lurking in the shadows. I expect my colleagues will not disappoint. Hold on to your hats.
"Imagine if this happened to your son or grandson," say many Kavanaugh defenders. As one blessed with both, I would respectfully counter that it is in the brave testimony of Christine Blasey Ford and other survivors that men can find the lessons for a more just future.
As news from Washington sends shockwaves across the nation, I find myself in Texas for sacred family time. I visit landmarks from decades past, reflecting on many souls long gone. Amidst the cacophony of our present age, I see familiar landscapes and feel a peaceful rootedness.
It's easy to demonize, diminish or dismiss the abstract. Looking someone in the eye and hearing what they have to say forces us to connect as humans. Brave women told their stories to Sen. Flake - and he listened. This is why speaking up matters in the push for justice.
At this point, I really have nothing to add. I’m just watching all of this unfold like the rest of you. And yes, I've never seen anything like this before.
A small detail, perhaps, but the Kavanaugh hearings further cemented my belief that Amy Klobuchar has a real chance at being the next president of the United States.
Democratic officials have long bemoaned that the Supreme Court was not a rallying cry to drive Democratic voters to the polls. It would seem to me that calculus is no longer operative.
It’s amazing how many of the process arguments Republican senators are making can be countered with just two words: Merrick Garland.
RT @AlgonquinBooks: It's a new day. It's Friday. The weekend awaits (thankfully). What are you reading? #fridayreads @DanRather #whatunites…
In covering Civil Rights I remember momentum swinging wildly. Often lost in the moment was the larger arc of history bending towards justice. Whatever happens to Kavanaugh, this is not the end to the story and the ultimate verdict will lie in the hands of the American citizenry.
The whole structure of this hearing - small blocks of time to ask questions, filibustering and preening back and forth - feels like a ping pong match in the theater of the absurd.
I think Lindsey Graham's outbursts today are about interviewing for the job of Trump's next attorney general.
I can't see either testimony convincing across the partisan divide. This is why the process is a disservice. Why no FBI investigation? Why no corroborating witnesses under oath? It's set up to be a he said/she said, which seems a profound disservice to trying to get to the truth.
It may very well be that Senator Graham's comments in the wake of Dr. Ford's testimony will be played in future documentaries of these times - sort of like we hear from segregationists when talking about the history of the Civil Rights era.
Kavanaugh, by his words, actions, and demeanor right now is either a man who has been horribly wronged or a stunning personification of white, male, privilege on display. It is up for America and the Senators to decide which, especially in the wake of Dr. Ford's testimony.
We must remember that this is ultimately not about passing judgement on Dr. Ford but on assessing Judge Kavanaugh's fitness for the Supreme Court. Although I think that the ultimate judgement of history might end up landing heavily on how the GOP is handling this nomination.
Victims of sexual assault and sexual harassment do not sort along a partisan divide. I think GOP Senators have grossly misjudged how many women (and even men) in their own "base" are shaking with the relived trauma of their own personal stories at this heartbreaking testimony.
The level of detail that Dr. Ford is being forced to recite (and by extension defend) stands in stark contrast to all the other witnesses who could testify to the veracity of this incident but have in essence been silenced by the process the GOP has forced over this hearing.
The tides of our nation swirl on Capitol Hill. And I see a woman, a private citizen, a human being, who asked for none of this... then... or now. Her voice echoes her fear and courage. It's a poignant reminder that the balance of history often pivots on unlikely fulcrums.
Today will no doubt have plenty of drama. But will it lead to clarity and ultimately justice?
A picture is emerging of Judge Kavanaugh which suggests that he may "That Guy," who many have seen before - the dangerous drunk (strong language I grant you but we have to consider the evidence before us). More thoughts here: https://t.co/P1wY1ae231
New information just out by fourth woman could -could- sink Kavanaugh nomination. Drama intensifying
GOP doesn't investigate Russian attack on our democracy. They don't want to investigate accusations against Kavanaugh. But when it comes to the myth of widespread "voter fraud" or conspiracy theories on Benghazi, they're all in. It's about political power, not power of the truth.
The number of women and men sharing wrenching stories of sexual assault and harassment is sobering. I desperately hope we can get to a point where the courage of survivors is honored and the fact they wrestled with going public isn't used as a cudgel against their credibility.
Thursday's hearing is all about credibility. Judging from Kavanaugh’s infomercial on Fox News I think the GOP should be worried. I've seen people hawking wares on late night TV who appear to be a lot more sincere/believable. This isn’t a time when you can "set it and forget it."
RT @RadioAndySXM: The UN General Assembly won’t get in the way of @DanRather talking with @ChrisCuomo live from the street! #DanRathersAmer…
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@dkaplan007 talks with @DanRather about his new book 📚 #TheMostDangerousBranch &amp; inside the world of the Supreme Court #…
Remember today is National Voter Registration Day. And this is shaping up to be one of the most consequential elections I can remember. To make your voice heard you must #RegistertoVote. https://t.co/JTZXCyKA4Y
Trump: “With the mayor of San Juan as bad as she is and as incompetent as she is, Puerto Rico shouldn’t be talking about statehood until they get some people that really know what they’re doing” I sense many are passing harsher judgements about a certain other political leader.
RT @ladybrady2013: Excited to start #WhatUnitesUs by only the best: @DanRather 🙌🏻🇺🇸 https://t.co/yAfnC860An
And another crazy news day... wow! What will happen when we look back at this era from the distance of months or years as opposed to how it feels to travel through this wormhole of the absurd in real time?
I know there are a lot of special "days" but tomorrow is National Voter Registration Day and I think that's something we can all get behind. If you haven't registered, please do, and encourage others as well. It's vital to making sure our democracy works. https://t.co/JBAKqzgBEf
A big development. https://t.co/abrVVJDTJB
This article struck me deeply. What would be on your shelf? https://t.co/HBgjgV5fiZ
In Austin, settled in with the good wife for a long afternoon of football. Clicking between Texas A&amp;M v Alabama and Texas v TCU. Fritos at hand. But no longnecks or colas. Mamma don't allow such indulgences when she’s around. No great loss. But sipping jasmine tea is getting old.
Every woman who raised me, taught me, nurtured me as a child was born into a nation that didn't trust them with the right to vote. My early employers didn't think women could do the job. All have been proven wrong. And the march for justice and equality will, and does, continue.
I welcome the new season, unsure of what it will bring, but happy to have it arrive. "To Autumn" by Keats ends with an image of "gathering swallows twitter in the skies." Isn't that the best kind of twitter? Take the time to read, think, and breathe. https://t.co/LjwoIt7eGt
RT @calebfitz77: @ErikSzabo4 @DanRather I just finished listening to his book #WhatUnitesUs . Well worth your time. He is a voice of calm a…
I'm reluctant to pull the "I knew Dr. Martin Luther King," line. But I did. And I have a crazy hunch he would not have been a huge fan of Ted Cruz. And he might, just might, have supported the NFL players expressing their free speech by kneeling during the National Anthem. https://t.co/sJo49jtX6i
I think an important perspective for viewing the debate over Kavanaugh is that it will be fought over not only who he was "back then" but what kind of man he is today.
Amazing that Google chose a Mr. Rogers doodle for today. As we're surrounded by news that forces us to question basic decency and goodness, we go to search for something online and, lo and behold, there's some of the most noble of human qualities literally staring us in the face.
Many people may have come to their own conclusions about the credibility of the accusations against Kavanaugh. But really we are still early in this story. That is exactly why we need a deliberate, fair, and thorough investigation. Justice and our conscience should demand it.
I have covered many stories of trauma in my career. Attacking victims of trauma for how they “should have behaved” is heartless and is completely oblivious to the dynamics at play.
A sobering read about a geopolitical hotspot - the South China Sea. https://t.co/hHdUEd1zq8
I never thought I would see a time when the phrase “have you no sense of decency, sir?” would be as poignant as it was in the age of McCarthy. But alas. And the gender of the term “sir” fits as well.
For all the accolades, for all the talk of "the greatest ever," I think we still underestimate the power of @KingJames on and off the court. His quotes here on Trump are getting a lot of the headlines, but there's much more to the man and his story. https://t.co/xF7TzjsD8Y
“We got a little hiccup here with the Kavanaugh nomination; we’ll get through this and we’ll get off to the races” - Nev GOP Sen Heller. "Hiccup" pretty much says all you need to know about how a credible assertion of sexual assault is being viewed by some in Congress.
As we've gotten closer to election day, the Mueller investigation, as expected, has gone dark from public action. But even as the news cycle is overtaken by a hurricane and the Kavanaugh nomination, no doubt Mueller and his team are busy at work, very busy.
"When we contemplate the whole globe as one great dewdrop, striped and dotted with continents and islands, flying through space with other stars all singing and shining together as one, the whole universe appears as an infinite storm of beauty." (John Muir) Feeling reflective...
Many worry about how Dr Ford’s allegations are being treated, see parallels with Anita Hill and wonder has anything changed. I think the country at large has changed a lot, but not the mindset of certain powerful men in Congress. Will that imbalance be reconciled in November?
RT @MeghanAlyce: I just finished reading #WhatUnitesUs and highly recommend it. I'm looking forward to hearing @DanRather speak at @SamHous…
Towns look like lakes and rooftops boats on the water, aerial images belying the desperation and destruction amidst the floods. Earth aches. Climate change is real. And my heart is with those suffering now and all who will suffer in the future. We need empathy, but also action.
Let's not forget Kavanaugh is up for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court where he'll shape the rights and climate of justice in this nation for decades. What's the rush? Why does it seem people are afraid of the truth? Why not hear from more witnesses about what happened?
Where do you stand on Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh? I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET for discussion. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
Natural disasters strike my soul like few other stories I've covered. Stirring moments of heroism and selflessness swirl with great loss and hardship, as we tremble in awe and humility at nature's power. To all in harm's way tonight, you are not forgotten. You are not alone.
Want a break from the news? To spend a few minutes basking in the awe and wonder of knowledge and nature? May I suggest this link to my conversation with Nobel Laureate Eric Kandel about the mysteries of the brain. Part of my "Conversations in Science"	https://t.co/Dw70h1IEur
I awaken to just another Sunday, humbly aware that is a profound luxury. My mind is with all those suffering in the Carolinas, the Philippines, Puerto Rico, the wake of wildfires, and other natural disasters, in warzones and extreme poverty, with all those facing a day of hurt.
So Pres. Trump rails again on Twitter about his Wall, and how without it "we see nothing but crime." And then he rails against the so-called conspiracy of the Mueller probe, which seems to actually be putting a dent in the crime rate he ushered into Washington.
For some reason the name Manafort has not tickled the Twitter fingers of the President for a few days. "I'll take Legal Jeopardy for 600, Alex..."
In each natural disaster we seem to have to relearn the importance of community, the role of government, the danger of social inequity, and the vitality of facts. Progress will only come when we don't forget these truths once the crises has passed.
Very important context and perspective from the always-worth-reading Dahlia Lithwick. https://t.co/1eBZftJDvI
In covering natural disasters like Hurricane Florence over the years, I've seen the crisis doesn't end when the winds or even rain subsides. An effective government response can be the difference between life and death. Much pain and danger remains. I pray and hope for the best.
I get it now. When President Trump rails against the Mueller witch hunt he really means "which" hunt, as in which close aid will be indicted or plead guilty and start cooperating next? I guess the word of the day is homonym.
There is a scene in Star Wars where the heroes are in a trash compactor on the Death Star with the walls closing in. I'm reminded of that this morning, except for perhaps the stuff about the heroes.
Can't help but believe that many who see headlines like this will argue that a political party that once lectured about fiscal responsibility has become a party of unabashed fiscal hypocrisy. 	https://t.co/nwQ1ZaqHLz
Pres. Trump's lies and shameless fanning of conspiracy theories around the thousands of hurricane deaths in Puerto Rico must be refuted without equivocation. The mantle of moral leadership must be forged by facts.
When covering hurricanes in the past one emotion peaks above the others - sheer awe in the face of nature's wrath and power. Humans seem so small and defenseless, but we are not powerless. That's why we need to heed evacuation calls and demand that leaders rise to the challenge.
Probably not a headline the president wants to see... We will all have to see what develops... https://t.co/Eu56syW2SM
I try to keep steady in covering the news. But the willful and outrageous lies by the President around his administration's response to the staggering death and human misery in Puerto Rico brings a profound sadness as well as anger at the stunning lack of humanity and empathy.
Intensifying hurricanes, wildfires, floods, droughts. Coral dies. Diseases spread. Seas rise. Earth begs for a restoration to health, or at least to minimize the decline. Future generations will damn the complicit and complacent. This is very much on the ballot in 2018.
My mind today is on forces of fury, past and present. 9/11, a fearsome hurricane, a deeply unsettled republic. In the face of crisis, pain and anxiety, we must shoulder the burdens of our fellow citizens, remembering strength lies in rebuilding the bonds of our common humanity.
RT @RadioAndySXM: How have you moved forward since #911? @DanRather is taking your calls LIVE 844-305-2639!
RT @RadioAndySXM: A special @DanRather’s America today with Anthony Gardner of the @Sept11Memorial &amp; @cherylduckworth discussing teaching #…
.@nyjets rookie QB recovers from humiliating start. Give him credit
Unbelievable: Jets ballyhooed rookie quarterback throws a pick 6 on first play of the whole game against Detroit. First play of the game!
"As long as the candle is burning, it is still possible to mend." - Rabbi Israel Salanter. Shanah Tova to all who are celebrating the Jewish New Year, and may the spirit of reflection, redemption, and personal atonement inspire us all.
A worthwhile experiment out of Harvard for how we value labor. https://t.co/2Ju1dloQzx
Watching @Giants football. The defense is awful early v Jacksonville. If it stays this bad it’s gonna be long season
Hurricane Florence is suddenly threatening to become very dangerous to the Carolinas, Virginia, and elsewhere. Possible category 4. To all those who may be in its path, please don't wait to take heed or precautions.
...and the Earth still turns...and nature still causes us to catch our breath...there is awe...and wonder...and beauty. Thanks @MontereyAq for the timely reminder. https://t.co/r6alxF6UK7
A look back at an interview I did with the @DalaiLama - a man of faith... and of science. We discuss the mysteries of the brain. It's a nice break from some of the news of our current times. Science can, and must, be part of #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/uQs2ztS35y
The question in sharp relief today in particular is who will be the presidential anomaly in American history - Trump or Obama?
There’s a lot to say about the quality and content of Barack Obama’s speech but it can also be summarized as simply, “see what you’ve been missing?”
I can assure you that a politician of Barack Obama’s instinct and skill gave a lot of thought to the timing and message of his return to the political fray.
Reading the Declaration of Independence today and reflecting on how its eloquent defense of freedom in the face of tyranny speaks with renewed urgency in our present age. https://t.co/xkYjrxit4I
I try to do what I can to expand vocabularies @MerriamWebster. So today, thinking of the Republican Congressional response towards President Trump, the word is "supine." https://t.co/VL6Od3lX1T
@fkwin2 We are indebted for his service. I hope he enjoys the book and thank you for your support.
The goal of a confirmation process should be to find out the truth, not hide the truth. Trust the American people, (in a twist on Jack Nicholson’s famous quote) we can handle the truth.
Are a majority of Americans looking at the GOP defense of Donald Trump in anger and disbelief and asking some form of "wherefore art thou" (except probably using much more colorful language)? Or not?
RT @katyofoz: I'm cracking this open tonight.  I could use an optimistic shot to the soul right about now.  #WhatUnitesUs #ICanBeBetter htt…
One of the joys about being on social media is seeing the very creative memes so many of you feel inspired to share in response to my posts. Onward, my ingenious friends, (with a thankful chuckle) onward...
5/5 This is no longer about Trump but about all the forces who condone and abet this madness. I can hear the rumbles of justice and accountability. Whither are we bound?
4/5 The polls show that a big majority of Americans are unhappy, most very unhappy, with what is taking place. But where is the GOP leadership? They can help stop this. They can put country above party.
3/5 But today, in the wake of the Woodward book revelations and now the chilling Op-Ed in the New York Times, we are at a moment of peak crazy. (Until tomorrow, when maybe the bar is moved further down the rabbit hole?)
2/5 An alternative reality has been stifling our democracy for well over a year. Seemingly each and every day brings new evidence of a man who has not the temperament nor the morality nor the stability to lead this nation.
1/5 How many times can you say it's a perilous time for the country? How many times can you say this is unprecedented?
Most of the time when reporters come under Presidential attack, other reporters need to respond with solidarity and support. So, count me in for Bob Woodward.
Kaboom! Never seen anything quite like this before. Bombshell NYT anonymous op-ed piece from INSIDE Trump White House. A must read. https://t.co/rLNdUnUoBm
RT @leung: .@DanRather pens @GlobeOpinion op-ed: Attacks on #freepress show journalism is effective check on government https://t.co/lNvoag…
I was inspired when the @BostonGlobe led a call for an affirmation of the role of the press in our democracy. And I'm honored that they published our Op-Ed on the topic. Please read and share.  https://t.co/N0kPWrT6RC
To many watching, these aren’t confirmation hearings but a naked power play awash in irony. Conservatives have long preached a judicial philosphy of “original intent” but critics note this process is one the Founding Fathers would likely have found abhorrent.
One has the sense that Bob Woodward’s new book has lit a fuse that will soon explode into presidential pyrotechnics of a size and scope that will make a Fourth of July spectacular seem like a kid holding a sparkler.
I doubt Nixon, even on his most cynical, paranoid day, felt he could get away with publicly shredding justice and the rule of law like Trump does with abandon. But Trump may be in for a surprise because I believe most Americans respect our democracy enough to fight for it.
Why does Donald Trump feel emboldened to undermine justice by publicly calling for the DOJ to not prosecute political allies? Very simple - because NO GOP leaders have done anything (actions speak louder than words) to suggest they will grow backbones to defend the Constitution.
"The accumulation of all powers, legislative, executive, and judiciary, in the same hands, whether of one, a few, or many, and whether hereditary, self appointed, or elective, may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny." - James Madison (The Federalist Papers #47)
On Labor Day, I can think of few things more laborious than wading through Donald Trump's Twitter feed. As always, there's plenty that's outrageous, immature, undemocratic, and lacking a grasp on reality. But I choose to ignore and focus on family, friends, and a world of facts.
A good read about my hometown of Houston and the type of hard choices in urban planning that will need to become all the more important with climate change. 	https://t.co/6oy88bNH0r
On this Labor Day, remember the many who toil. Remember that hard-fought protections are under great threat, that millions of Americans are vulnerable, living paycheck to paycheck, and that a just society values hard work as much, if not more, than the privileges of capital.
There is something magical about putting pen to paper, watching a thought that originated in the synapses of the brain flow through a chain of being that ends with indelible ink. I hope it is ever thus. https://t.co/TWuHvkzm0I
Good LSU v Miami college football game on ABC national TV. Enjoying. Outstanding line blocking by both teams. Especially LSU offensive line. Linemen never given enough credit on TV. Names, photos, etc
So Fox News shames a man for working at Trader Joe's because he was once on a hit TV show? Demonizing hard work while abetting grifters enriching themselves on tax dollars is a potent stew of hypocrisy and irony. Maybe we're unknowing extras in a revival of the Twilight Zone.
A golden goal from the Golden State...	https://t.co/KU6crSmAdm
Today soaked up nature deep in a New York forest -.listening to the ripples and roar of the Beaverkill River - also just the silence of the woods. Ah, but now at night gorging on college football. After an open-grill pit barbecued steak, settling in to watch Michigan-Notre Dame
The courage of this statement in the midst of unspeakable tragedy is a true moment of American grace. The contrast to those who steal a father’s grief for their political expediency is unmistakable and shameful. Decency, inclusion and justice must prevail. https://t.co/Lbdf8Zh7Kv
We are all imperfect. Our nation is imperfect. But watching the funeral of John McCain, hearing eulogies touch on America's highest ideals, the patriotic songs that gird us in times of sorrow and joy, I am touched by what the United States was, is, and yet may be. #WhatUnitesUs
Remember when those now aiding and abetting Trump demonized Obama as un-American, a Manchurian candidate, allied with criminals, racists and enemies of America, out of his depth, who couldn't be trusted to lead the United States with steadiness, wisdom, and decorum?
A nice touch of grace and, of course, respect. https://t.co/yo8A6iwsiS
In tributes to Franklin and McCain, I listen more than watch. The words of uplift, and even more so the music. My eyes closed, I feel my mind and heart open. I will be in nature this weekend and I plan to listen to the heartbeat of our planet reflecting on decency and goodness.
@nickiknowsnada Thank you for sharing. A fierce belief in and support for public education must be part of #WhatUnitesUs.
RT @nickiknowsnada: As a prsn who proudly works in public ed &amp; mental health, upsets me to see the lack of interest in our teachers, my dis…
This story gnaws at my soul. How could we let this happen in our name? https://t.co/P27a5ZRt2C
What's happening at the Dept of Ed under DeVos needs scrutiny. But her policies are long in the making. A documentary I produced called #FailState paints a shocking and urgent picture about for profit colleges. It's premiering in D.C. on 9/4. Details here. https://t.co/GIWD9QXcjr
"Disapproval of Donald Trump is at a new high, support for the Mueller investigation is broad and half of Americans in a new ABC News/Washington Post poll favor Congress initiating impeachment proceedings against the president." https://t.co/2Y06SNqDUs
This is truly shocking. It's worthy of reflective thought and a lot of follow-on reporting. I do not believe most Americans are okay with this. https://t.co/tU9WJAY7Ye
Climate change is seldom far from my mind. It's causing real damage and death. It's so omnipresent it rarely tops the headlines, but it's one of the most important stories of our time. Reality continues to close in and it will likely be devastating. Attention must be paid.
This is shocking policy, but not surprising (remember Trump University?)  It impacts millions of Americans, lives being lived under great strain. I have a documentary coming out on this subject. So watch this space for more details to come. https://t.co/qzZ4CstpXQ
Openly racist rhetoric from elected officials and candidates brings me back decades to covering the civil rights movement. It's shocking - a potent reminder of our troubled time. But I believe most Americans will reject hate, eager to embrace a more inclusive and just future.
RT @RCodyStringer: A little late to the party on this one, but I LOVED this book. Incredibly powerful. Particularly enjoyed the chapter tit…
How controversial could it be to name a building after the beloved late Senator John McCain? Pretty controversial it turns out in what is a potent statement on our current political climate. https://t.co/fmZoVtkF86
Pres. Trump attacking Google is akin to his attacks on the press. It's about undercutting truth, muddying facts and dismissing accountability. This from a man who readily lies with a political party as willing accomplices. His minions may cheer but American democracy is weakened.
College football:  Okay, here are my guesses. I see the four best teams (in no special order): @AlabamaFTBL, @ClemsonFB , @FootballUGA, @AuburnFootball. Followed by @UW_Football and @OU_Football, maybe @OhioStateFB. Blue-plate special possible surprise: @MSU_Football.
We cannot forget what happened, and continues to happen, in Puerto Rico. The true scope is only coming into focus. And the number of lives lost is staggering. Meanwhile the pain continues. This must be part of our national agenda. https://t.co/2dHCzcQSWa
I regret to hear that @manuginobili is retiring from NBA @spurs. Such a joy to watch. A unique talent and class act. With a style both unorthodox and highly effective, he's a cinch for the Hall of Fame.
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@SangerNYT &amp; @PhilipRucker join @DanRather on today’s jam-packed #DanRathersAmerica
Reading John McCain's farewell words makes my eye glisten with a tear of recognition. We all must face mortality and should endeavor to judge our lives on standards of honor and service. His message shines forth as a beacon against the crass, self-serving vitriol he so despised.
Hawaii has braved a volcanic eruption, a hurricane, and a terrifying false alarm on an incoming ballistic missile. Knowing how sports-mad the islands are, I'm sure they're much happier for these headlines. Little League World Series Champs. Aloha to all. https://t.co/Gklrpx2xfN
Watching the American flag go up and down the White House flag pole over whether and how to honor the life of John McCain is a perfect symbol for an administration morally and emotionally adrift from common decency.
Martin London’s book, “The Client Decides” is a stone-cold winner of a read. Am regrettably getting to it late but so worth the time. Terrific for almost anyone.
What a petty, petty, man...	https://t.co/0yJhrUXdGZ
Neil Simon brought a unique eye for life to stage and screen. Through sharp characters and dialogue, he prodded us - in laughter and tears - to contend with the traits that make us human. Another voice who understood the power of art in our American story now belongs to eternity.
In short, we will need more John McCains.
I also mourn for the fact that John won't be alive to see the repudiation I believe is coming to the current degraded state of the republic. We'll need more voices of conscience, more iconoclasts, and more people imbued with a service greater than their own greed and power.
I knew John, well enough to admire many of his qualities from up close, not well enough to call him a friend. He had many close friends. I mourn for them and his loved ones. John's good-bye was long and brave and very public. None of that will lessen the hole he will leave behind
But at his best, which was frequent, he echoed the highest traditions and ideals of American democracy. He voted his conscience and spoke out fiercely against the current regime.
His sacrifice, heroism and courage during that time is of a nature few, thankfully, will ever be forced to comprehend. In the political career that followed, McCain was controversial and far from perfect. In short, he was human.
America has lost one of its iconic political leaders with the passing of John McCain. He was of course a senator of distinction and a presidential candidate. Born into a storied military family, McCain first earned national attention during his years of imprisonment in Vietnam.
Thinking ever more about John McCain and betting that decency and honor will eventually triumph over greed and venality in the future of this nation.
Thanks to @GoogleDoodles, the Internet echoes today with the music and words of Leonard Bernstein, who would have been 100. A nice respite from the degradation of our times and a reminder of how the American story is sung, danced and played. The arts must be part of #WhatUnitesUs
For John McCain—warrior, public servant, patriot—thinking of you my old friend. The words of the beloved Navy Hymn come to mind. “Oh, hear us when we cry to Thee, For those in peril on the sea!”
Crazy week. Eager to have your brain inspired by wonder and awe? Check out "The Most Unknown" now on Netflix. I'm working on some science storytelling projects of my own and I would be curious for your feedback on this innovative (and well-reviewed) film. https://t.co/Scq42kduQ2
What is happening at @OhioState is an example of the misplaced priorities of high-powered college athletics. A tough, analytical, must read in the @USATODAY	https://t.co/rircAIsnNr
More big immunity deals coming to light. And that means more “rats” for President Trump to rail against. But you know what they say about rats and sinking ships...
There is a certain irony in the fact that Rudy Giuliani helped make a name for himself by prosecuting mob bosses and now sounds exactly like a mob lawyer.
Let’s not forget in all that is going on that President Trump faces many credible accusations of sexual harassment and assault.
If Donald Trump ain't guilty, why is he acting like he is?
I nominate Martin Scorsese to direct the Donald Trump biopic. His body of work - Goodfellas, Gangs of New York, etc - suggests he has done a great job bringing similar characters to life on film.
"Cowardice is no excuse for permitting unethical behavior; not reprimanding Trump is tantamount to agreeing with him... While it may be trite to say, years from now all of us will be asked: What did you say or do to prevent this?" A very important read. https://t.co/458HQOnFtc
Sending best wishes to all those in the Aloha State facing a serious hurricane. Urging everyone to be prepared and hoping the storm's course minimize impact. https://t.co/5kBEiwedMe
Abraham Lincoln - Team of Rivals	Donald Trump - Flock of Felons
A true example of the spirit of #WhatUnitesUs... https://t.co/EZhbQ3mRSr
One has the sense that the GOP leaders holding on to Donald Trump for dear political life have no idea where this wild, horror show of a ride is heading. Can this get even worse? Undoubtedly. How bad can it get? No one (save Trump and likely Mueller's team) really knows...
The question as we enter the next chapter in the fate of this nation lies not in the actions of the President as much as in the GOP leaders and party faithful who seem determined to explain away criminality for their own cynical grip on power.
I've been saying "Wow" since about 4 o'clock this afternoon, and have yet to stop.
Just got out of a matinee for Crazy Rich Asians, anything happen today? 	Just kidding. I've seen a lot of busy news days in my life, but tonight I think a Wild Turkey is in order just to take in the cable networks and prepare for tomorrow's papers. Wow. Just, Wow.
You know it's one of the most consequential news days in modern American history when this story is buried from the headlines. 	https://t.co/xJcw2xnorX
When I first saw House of Cards on @netflix I thought it was improbable fiction...
Just remember, this man was the campaign chairman of the current President of the United States. And he faces other charges as well. The walls seem closer today than yesterday. 	https://t.co/fUPVR9LRoC
How might our country be different if we went hard at so-called "white-collar crime?"  I think it's a political winner. From the article: "throughout the decades of Trump’s rise, the legal climate has only gotten more permissive." https://t.co/SPS6viK868
Five words Donald Trump never wanted to hear: Michael Cohen Takes Plea Deal.
"I expect to pass through this world but once. Any good therefore that I can do, or any kindness or abilities that I can show to any fellow creature, let me do it now. Let me not defer it or neglect it, for I shall not pass this way again." - Stephen Grellet. Resonant as always.
Both parties need to get serious about vigilantly prosecuting "white collar" crime. Those caught in the Mueller probe prove that if nothing else. And while we're at it, let's retire the trivializing euphemism "white collar crime." A felony's a felony and a criminal's a criminal.
These are the kinds of headlines that will fill future generations (and many of us who are here now) with rage and disbelief. The environment MUST be part of #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/C0PosRxQE5
The death of Kofi Annan a few days back has led to much personal reflection. I knew him, respected him, a very decent man in an extremely difficult job. May we not have seen the end of an age of diplomacy and the women and men who do the hard work to make it possible.
The @washingtonpost weighs in with sober condemnation on the tragedy taking place in Yemen including the widespread deaths of civilians with apparent American complicity. Many are young children. It's a complicated situation but one that cannot be ignored. https://t.co/Ma9YTxkx86
"Truth isn't Truth" - It is as if Rudy Giuliani revels in writing the book titles for the historians of the future who will have to try to make sense of this President and all that is transpiring under his Administration.
RT @B52Malmet: .⁦@DanRather⁩ has written an important book for our time. This is an adaptation of the chapter about the free press. #WhatUn…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: "Make no mistake; we are being tested. Without a vibrant, fearless free press, our great American experiment can fail."…
When we look back in disgust at those who've undermined the fabric of our democracy and common humanity, we don't only reserve harsh judgement for those at the top. There is plenty of rightful derision for all who condoned, collaborated, conspired, or even just remained silent.
RT @TheAtlantic: "The institution of a free press in America is presently in a state of crisis," warn @DanRather and @elliotkirschner. With…
A #FreePress is the red beating heart of American democracy. Today this clarion call rings forth from all corners of our nation -in defiance of those who would stifle it- thanks to an effort led by the @BostonGlobe. I lend my voice courtesy of @TheAtlantic https://t.co/3t8AlEq5JH
The wondrous chorus of America at its best has lost a powerful voice. Aretha Franklin shook the heavens and our own complacency with her spirit and by tackling life with power and purpose. #Respect
George Orwell laid out a dystopian vision: words cease to have meaning, history continually rewritten, the notion of truth forever lost. He understood a government beyond the reach of accountability has little incentive to tell the truth. A free press must be #WhatUnitesUs
Um... Well... I've been around the news for a long time, and I gotta say I've never read an article quite like this one. Wow. https://t.co/6ZDFIlutFb
President Trump stripping former CIA chief John Brennan of his security clearance is a modern form of McCarthyism pure an simple. But instead of a Red Scare, it's a fear of Truth and Accountability.
RT @SenJohnMcCain: Today a grateful nation salutes the Navajo Code Talkers whose bravery &amp; skill saved the lives of countless Americans dur…
...In other news, the Twitter feed of the President of the United States this morning was unhinged, undemocratic, a breach of decorum and sanity, with dog whistles of misogyny and racism... well I guess that really isn't news.
If I were John McCain, I would take it as an honor that my name went unmentioned by President Trump. "Honor"... a word likely mentioned often by the President but the meaning of which clearly eludes him.
RT @fourgregs: .@DanRather hubby glued to your book on vacation- bought it for him MONTHS ago and he finally started it- can’t put it down…
A rainy day in NYC. Jack London comes to mind, a favorite since childhood;. His personal credo still resonates, including: "I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet." More thoughts here: https://t.co/otdxdD0nmS
I fully support this effort and plan on adding my voice to those who will speak out for a free press. It is a fundamental pillar of American democracy and must be part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/SsedqBvv2t
I hoped to not mention Omarosa - a minor story and distraction. But the latest revelation of recording in Situation Room raises grave national security concerns. Who else has acted (is acting) with similar recklessness? It's amateur hour at the White House and it's not funny.
Mourning former TX state sen Babe Schwartz. Met him as a struggling young reporter in 1950s as he helped me learn how to cover the state legislature. He was whip smart, tough as titanium, gentle and generous. An environmentalist longer before it was trendy to be one. RIP
When Trump criticizes "all types of racism" he's using false equivalence to wink at those who peddle in the distortions of white grievance. It makes a mockery of our history and our present. It's not calming and unifying. it's provocative and divisive. And it's intentional.
Maternal health, especially for African Americans, is an important story- literally a matter of life and death. It's one I'm following and it's wonderful that @serenawilliams and @Beyonce are using their personal stories, and celebrity, to raise awareness. https://t.co/ETc5ql7psC
To "touch the sun" - a poetic sendoff for a mission that takes exquisite planning, diligent teamwork and the capacity of the human mind to dream. Science inspires once again. Awe, wonder and exploration must be part of #WhatUnitesUs	https://t.co/HMHvhqVIdQ
The story of Puerto Rico should remain a vital national concern. @DavidBegnaud has rightly earned praise for his continuing stellar reporting. A model for journalism at its best: bearing witness and holding people in power accountable. #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/AYmozq8OSc
Whether Pelosi should lead House Dems is a fair debate. It's a question of style, political calculus and generational change. But we can't ignore if she was a man from Missouri, she'd be a helluva lot less "controversial." It's misogyny (and her geography) more than policy.
An unintended (perhaps not) consequence of President Trump’s tariffs. National news organizations look to local newspapers to tell them what’s really going on behind closed doors. They keep politicians honest and are a vital check in our democracy.  https://t.co/wnTmqXWCmc
Ultimately the economic well-being of most working Americans can be measured in "real wages." Is the big economic picture benefitting those who struggle to make ends meet? https://t.co/81S0PHrzPa
RT @dianelewis48: 3 favorite books I’ve read in the past year: ‘Kill ‘Em and Leave Searching for James Brown and the American Soul’ by @Jam…
There are many difficult things for presidents to do. Finding space in your schedule (and soul) to speak empathetically about Americans suffering from natural disasters (wildfires, hurricanes) shouldn't be one of them. And yet Pres. Trump routinely fails in this human instinct.
When I hear the term "Space Force" I think of boys playing in a sandbox with their G.I. Joe's and model rocket ships, not a sober or coherent evaluation of the risks of military escalation in or on the final frontier.
A deep empathy for the people of Puerto Rico -our fellow citizens- must be part of our national consciousness. This was, and remains, a tragedy of staggering proportions. And now some of those proportions have a more realistic number. #RememberPuertoRiico	https://t.co/ZI6LVKxxTc
Another busy news day. Aren't they all? But sometimes I turn if off. Because it's a warm summer evening? Because I'd rather watch a movie with my wife? Or a ballgame? Because I know it will be there tomorrow morning? It's all of dire importance, but so are other elements of life.
In a democracy, votes are the ultimate form of political speech. And the energy of voters, the palatable sense that nothing will keep them from the polls, is how votes amplify into waves. This energy is what worries the GOP anew this morning. Will the energy sustain in November?
This is a national crisis! Local news is vital to our societal wellbeing, and this wonderful article lays out the stakes. It's about #WhatUnitesUs. So if you have the means and don't already do so, consider subscribing. It's really a vote for democracy. https://t.co/SJ8WiAli8e
“What do we do when a President has openly admitted to attempted collusion, lying, and a coverup?” https://t.co/7DuBjMkiDM
RT @dwplatobooks: @DanRather ‘s new book is more than a subtle slam on our current administration. It’s more than his life’s memoirs. It’s…
Whenever I see President Trump rail against "Fake News" or call us the "enemy of the people" I think "you can't handle the truth." You may not like it, but the press is protected by the Constitution (you know that document you swore to preserve, protect, and defend?)
Often it's the deceptively small stories like this that remind us of our common humanity. How we treat others, especially those marginalized by society, will help determine the future of this nation. #empathy and #inclusion must be part of #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/TGZtO8aOZg
There's a long history of fearing strong black voices in America. Demeaning intelligence is the tactic of a coward. But listen to this beautiful rendition of We Shall Overcome from Morehouse Glee Club and feel the determination to fight for a better world. https://t.co/yI5dc0D7N0
I'd much rather live in a world reflecting the values, philanthropy, and yes intelligence of LeBron James and Don Lemon's intelligent commitment to truth and journalism than the divisive peevishness, lies, and narrow self-interest displayed by the President of the United States.
This is apparently what the President of the United States feels the need to share with the world at what should be long past his bedtime? It's a disgrace. It's racist. And it's the product of petty but dangerous hatreds. I repeat this is the PRESIDENT??!? https://t.co/MA8nZUxFc7
Btw, the third installment of my new podcast series called "Blinking Red" is going out. You can hear it by going to the podcast section of iTunes or Spotify. Thanks
A nice reminder that it is never too late to try to make amends. We can all hope to continue to strive to be better people. 		https://t.co/rakiLbh2qk
The deadly wildfires remind us once again of the ferocity of nature made worse by climate change. We must honor the women and men fighting these monstrous conflagrations. They are heroes who risk their own lives to save others, often under hellish conditions.
We can't shrug off Trump's attacks on the press. Ever. They're undemocratic and invite, even incite, violence. This bears repeating. It demands repeating. Last night @CNN's @Acosta faced down a hostile crowd. Support from his colleagues, competitors, and general public is a must.
I've seen lots of plays, read novels, watched a lot of dramas and comedies, but I've never seen a role quite like the one Rudy Giuliani is playing. It's part farce, part sinister, part absurdist, part apocalyptic and all with the affect of a muppet. Any ideas for comparison?
And a funny thing about this whole ID and buying groceries thing is I'm betting grocery fraud is a much bigger problem than voter fraud.
It seems like fueling a threat game with Iran is Trump’s latest ploy to distract from Russia and Mueller.  At least until his Twitter finger suggests otherwise.
50 years ago, an African American child, joined the Peanuts comics. Let's not forget there was a time, not long ago, when just including diversity in a cartoon was a real big deal. Still a long way to go. Inclusion must be part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/EtWJDlfDNQ
What do you wish people with different political beliefs would understand about your views? I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET for discussion. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
It's like they have a sixth sense about what's coming in November and they want to lock in as much loot for their big-money backers (cronies?) before a (blue?) wave sweeps the GOP out of office. 		https://t.co/AyNzXI4W9y
I am shocked- shocked- to find that missile development is going on in Noth Korea! I guess Kim Jong-Un was as convincing as Putin in his denials (as opposed to U.S. intelligence). 		https://t.co/k6EXJYvPGp
In the wake of Trump’s trade wars, many heartland American farmers are disillusioned with the Pres. and the party that once championed free trade.
Rudy Giuliani has been moving the goal posts so much the field of Trump Stadium is over 1000 yards long by now.
The health and economic costs of climate change. Many people forget the number of jobs (often low paying and on the margins) that require people to be outdoors. And what that means with temperatures in triple digits.  https://t.co/pjZmRhCGFv
RT @hbraum: Thank you, @DanRather. “Still, libraries represent an aspirational notion of democracy. They were, and still are, civic institu…
For all the craziness today in American politics, future generations will likely ask with desperate incredulity why another story wasn't handled with screaming headlines. Climate change is real, and it is serious. Deadly serious. https://t.co/OqyCdNx58w
Rudy Giuliani's "Liar, liar" attack on Michael Cohen seems a wee bit problematic considering his current client (POTUS).
Um... This is important! And that is a major understatement...	https://t.co/IZDnvgpjAR
Since I was a boy, I've been comforted by seeing a mail carrier on his or her route. It's about communication, community, and the pace of daily life. This article is an affirming read in our current times. The @USPS is part of #WhatUnitesUs  https://t.co/ex4K9HlRGQ
RT @mrsleeannasmith: “We either choose to be part of a community that stretches beyond ourselves, our material needs, and our creature comf…
Wow. Evolution in action. A bit of the wonder of nature. Curiosity and science must be part of #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/3HJmwK6sxm
RT @worthingtonlib: So looking forward to tonight's event with @DanRather! It's officially sold out with 900 tickets! Woo hoo!
On the road today and thinking of what this country was, is, and yet might be. Warnings from the past echo in my mind and I was struck by this quote from FDR. Inclusion must be part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/tFU7fP7xRa
"What you are seeing and what you are reading is not what's happening," Pres. Trump in a speech today. Many recognize eerie similarities to Orwell. Very true. But I think most Americans see through the propaganda and will vote accordingly. A free press remains vital to the cause!
Not clear who they were talking about. Most of the people indicted and in the sights of the Mueller probe seem to be men. Maybe the alleged Russian spy who infiltrated the NRA? But seriously, this from the Attorney General is outrageous and #sad. 	https://t.co/3e3UExqige
Let's be clear. This is a self-inflicted wound to the U.S. economy that now requires a bailout by the political party that used to sanctimoniously lecture about free markets and fiscal responsibility. I can abide by a lot but hypocrisy always rubs me raw. https://t.co/X9hMy4mtfA
The deadly wildfires in Greece break my heart. The report of dozens of people embracing each other as death came, almost too much to comprehend. My deepest condolences to all who lost friends and family. https://t.co/DSGRlxkkWt
RT @ChuckDaly: Just finished @DanRather’s great book #WhatUnitesUs. I thoroughly enjoyed it. A must-read for any American who is grappling…
I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET to discuss President Trump’s recent all-caps tweet warning to Iran. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
Lest we forget... This is outrageous. It’s not only un-American, it’s inhumane. A national disgrace. https://t.co/QN2O76ncya
Sometimes when I read the quotes from Sarah Huckabee Sanders I wonder if Samuel Beckett (master of the absurd) has been resurrected and is ghostwriting lines for the White House press secretary.
Gutting the Endangered Species Act is about greed, cronyism, self-interest, and short-sightedness. It's symbolic of much that's wrong with the Trump administration, but it's also a dire threat in its own right. The environment must be part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/NJBxHO1R6W
Let's be clear, Trump knows the Russian attack on our democracy isn't a hoax. And I'm pretty sure he knows the Mueller investigation is digging up so much dirt it isn't a "witch hunt." That he's so intent on gas lighting the world about this only makes him seem more guilty.
RT @jenniej23: Look it’s @DanRather and Elliott Kirschner in the gift shop at Independence Center right there w Barack Obama and Rebecca So…
Even I know that pounding out a tweet in ALL CAPS makes you seem like a crazy, old guy... sort of like GET OFF MY LAWN, YOU RAPSCALLION!
RT @neiltyson: Today, the greatest threat of extinction we face is not asteroids or climate change or disease or  famine. It’s society’s re…
Proud of my grandson @MartinRather who worked on an important story for @Maddow and her team. This is the first known Russian interference in a Congressional race. Our elections must be protected. Period. No debate. End of story. https://t.co/tmZLsnMsoF
“Some days on the prairie went badly for the cowboy...but he was never baffled, he was not afraid, and he never gave up.” Remembering the 1959 children's book "The Brave Cowboy” by Joan Walsh Anglund. Good advice for kids (and adults) then, now, and always.
RT @SmittyinPgh: @DanRather My family went on a cruise this week and my 15 year old daughter and I read #whatunitesus. Amazing read.  Plus…
History is the sum of countless moments - and this one is a nice way to start a weekend. #WhatUnitesUs	https://t.co/7S0L48TK5S
RT @mrsleeannasmith: “We now understand that the great American story is not confined to history books or political speeches. It is sung, a…
When I got started as a reporter covering the police beat in Houston, a grizzled homicide detective once told me - "I don't believe in coincidences". Seems like apt words of caution for what we're witnessing today.
When I hear the faux outrage about the so-called "Deep State", I really think it's more raging against being confined by the rule of law and the Constitution.
I have never seen such a civil war within the Executive Branch. President Trump is at war, not only with the truth, but many people in government. 		https://t.co/3TVytiQj99
Wow! Here we go again?	https://t.co/aW2OG5cFg7
Safe drinking water for everyone should be a bare minimum. #RememberFilnt	https://t.co/PGiA5o11vO
RT @davidfrum: "As the empire declined, its monuments became more boastful." - Edward Gibbon, Wikipedia Dictionary of Invented Quotations h…
Of all the voting hurdles  – restrictive laws, gerrymandering, voter suppression – apathy is particularly poisonous. If young people vote their future they will have the future they want. Other polls are less ominous, but still…		https://t.co/rZhrBJYqgl
Ingenious. Pretty neat way to study the wonders of our natural world. Science must be part of #WhatUnitesUs 	https://t.co/pCnYQJrq37
What in the news business we call a helluva lede. Stunning. A must read. https://t.co/bRvk4iXUOt
“A cult of personality” – there’s a reason why this phrase includes the word “cult”.
I have found - as a trained journalist i can assure you - that sometimes the news is SO crazy, you just have to laugh. Out loud is preferable. Trust me, it can help. Then back to work.
"There’s been no president ever as tough as I have been on Russia.” - Donald Trump today. (Except at least EVERY president since the beginning of the Cold War... Truman, Eisenhower, Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, Ford, Carter, Reagan, George HW Bush, Clinton, George W Bush, and Obama)
For all the craziness that is going on, we cannot forget Puerto Rico. #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/DCqoNAdhBF
RT @LisaDTRice: Enjoyed reading What Unites Us by @DanRather while at the beach last week. It is a salve that makes political news like tod…
And it's lights out - for the 2018 Summer Classic, for the National League (once again), and for this grateful fan. Back at it tomorrow. #AllStarGame
It's a home run derby in Washington. And my hometown Astros just provided the lumber. Loving this game. #AllStarGame
And just like that life for the National League. #Allstargame2018
Yes, watching Major League All Star Game. Good relief, a little break in the midst of troubled times. For those who know it and love it, baseball soothes the soul. #AllStarGame
Sometimes the heat breaks and nature demands we pay attention to a universe much bigger than any one of us. When a piercing rain sliced through a muggy New York summer day with a ferocity that was refreshing, I thought of the Amy Lowell poem "Summer Rain" https://t.co/zvbN6KMWA1
Give Trump credit for this - in the wake of his disaster yesterday, many more GOP officials have been forced to go on the record and state the facts: Russia is an enemy. They attacked our democracy in 2016. And will do so again. Will this puncture some of the Fox News bubble?
Pres. Trump read a prepared statement - confirming U.S. Intelligence assessment of Russian attack on election - with all the enthusiasm of a hostage video. (Then he ad-libbed to sow more doubt - his default position).
IMHO the recent (and largely successful) teacher protests in red states are an under-appreciated canary in the American political coal mine. (no pun intended with this interesting story out of West Virginia). https://t.co/nboICEi0fX
RT @DMRoon: #WhatUnitesUs is necessary reading in these challenging times; it helps us remember our core values and find the inherent good…
“The greatness of America lies not in being more enlightened than any other nation, but rather in her ability to repair her faults.” — Alexis de Tocqueville	We've done it many times before. #WhatUnitesUs
Humbled by your response to my Twitter musings, but can't say much in 280 characters. At risk of self-promotion, #WhatUnitesUs offers my nuanced thoughts about the country I love in a moment of crisis. Proud of the book and grateful for notes from readers. https://t.co/pZdHkoOqAp
What are your thoughts on President Trump's summit with Vladimir Putin in Helsinki? I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET to discuss. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
A day that will live in infamy...
"The GOP can either defend the United States or serve the damaged and defective man who is now its president." And about Trump, "Conscious tool. Useful idiot. Those are the choices..." The always thoughtful @JamesFallows with a must read piece.	https://t.co/DC6JEplvUH
Release the Tax Returns! (As if it needs repeating) What is President Trump so afraid is hiding inside there?
There's one question everyone who works in this administration or supports it must be forced to answer: Do you trust Trump to be Commander in Chief? If the answer is yes, that means they support Putin over the American national security and intelligence communities. Period.
To GOP officials who are speaking out about today's "Farce in Finland" - unless you start putting your votes and subpoena power behind your Twitter fingers, I suspect you will be viewed as complicit in the judgement of history (and maybe by the voters much sooner).
American journalists have shown more bravery and honesty in questioning Putin about the Russian attack on American sovereignty than the President of the United States.
With the sound off, or the sound on, it didn't matter. From body language, to post-summit statements, to the optics, to the desperate handshakes, Putin was running this show - relaxed and in charge. Trump looked weak and desperate. Unbelievable. American power has been weakened.
The President of the United States trusts the word of a former KGB agent over the consensus of the American intelligence community backed by a ton of facts. That is a shocking reality. Everyone who excuses Trump’s behavior must answer that now, and when history inevitably judges.
We don't know what was discussed. We won't be able to trust what Trump or Putin say was discussed. This is a historic summit indeed, but historic in terms of the damage it can do (and likely already has done) to our nation and a democratic world order.
No American president has ever appeared as a supplicant to a hostile foreign power who attacked us (an attack that the intelligence community says is ongoing). Until now.
I shudder at where this republic would be without women seizing the mantle of political leadership. As someone blessed with strong women in my family and life, I am thrilled that increasingly women see "being themselves" as a winning strategy. #Hope  https://t.co/2JY1bLXIkP
Another fun #WorldCup fact: #FRA phenom Kylian Mbappé @KMbappe is only 19 years old. Only other teenager to score in World Cup Final is Pelé (17yo in 1958 Brazil win against Sweden)
What a match! #FRA celebrating a 4-2 win against the improbable #CRO for the #WorldCupFinal. Hard played on both sides. What skill! And when you look at the diverse French squad, a rebuke to divisiveness and a timely reminder that we are all better when we play together! #Hope
No shortage of excitement in the #WorldCupFinal  @AP reporting Pussy Riot responsible for four people storming the pitch. Croatia not giving up without a fight. 4-2 to France with more to come
Innocent until proven guilty. BUT you also can't say it's FARFETCHED that Trump campaign (and maybe Trump himself) actively conspired with a hostile foreign power to win an election. (evidence: coordinated Russian attack, lies by the President, stolen analytics and much more).
Movie “Leave No Trace”!  Wonderful.  (Powerful story of a father and daughter traveling together.) Deep, meaningful, beautifully acted and shot. Best film I’ve seen in a while. #LeaveNoTrace
RT @_ath3na: #WhatUnitesUs is an incredible book that has this far left me feeling much more hopeful for this country! https://t.co/OlNbCIe…
RT @mrsleeannasmith: “Orwell understood that a government that is beyond the reach of accountability has little incentive to tell the truth…
When the President attacks freedom of the press, he is by definition attacking the Constitution - you know that document that forms the basis for the United States and he swore to uphold. Committing this act on foreign soil only adds to the disgrace.
The U.S. government must be forced to reckon with this failure. We all must. We cannot allow ourselves or our leaders to forget. This is not "fake news". It is FEMA's own after-action report. And it's damning. Please read and share and #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/tXj3DjLhQM
RT @CharlieWSM: I’ve had this book for awhile now ... after watching the news and reading the truly scary election coverage in @NashvilleSc…
I wonder if this will be on the agenda when Trump meets Putin https://t.co/4YmT4t5tr5
RT @DavidBegnaud: Today in Puerto Rico		10 months after Hurricane Maria 		1,040 customers still don’t have power		The CEO of the power auth…
Yesterday's hearing on Capitol Hill was a farce - "oversight" by mendacity.
RT @mrsleeannasmith: It is true that the news headlines often paint a dark and dispiriting picture. But in every community, on every day, t…
RT @RussellImrie: Just finished reading #whatunitesus by @DanRather &amp; Elliot Kirschner. As a non US national, I now have a better understan…
A timely reminder that the universe is so much bigger than anything we can fathom. But the march of science is still uncovering its mysteries. What a wonder and an inspiration. Science must be part of #WhatUnitesUs  https://t.co/FDogwchwP7
@Duncan_n_Duncan @melstery @SupermanHotMale Thank you for your interest. You can find more about the book here: https://t.co/mQwSteA8CL
RT @melstery: Got up to do laundry at my hotel and am finally getting a chance to dive into #WhatUnitesUs. @DanRather and Elliot Kirschner…
I never expected my musings on twilight walks with my wife would yield such a warm response (and concern). I am humbled but I don't plan on going anywhere anytime soon. I will "rage against the dying of the light" and speak truth to power for as long as I have my wits and health.
"Teamwork makes the dream work" words first heard from my high school football coach. A gridiron lesson since echoed in life. Inspired anew with the near-miraculous rescue of the Thai kids in the cave. A needed reminder to us all of the sublime power of cooperation. #WhatUnitesUs
For those especially concerned about the current political situation and the direction of the country and world, maybe consider "In the midst of winter I found within myself an invincible summer."---Albert Camus
Reagan: Mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall. 	Trump: Tear down NATO? and bow to Putin?!?	GOP leaders saying they revere Reagan while paying servile fealty to Trump is the definition of rank hypocrisy.
@CapWacky Hopefully we can all still live in a world where we find places to agree even if we often disagree.
There's a reason why the documentary on Mr. Rogers is striking such a chord (and while I don't have data, I would assume audiences are bipartisan). In the end the correct answer to "Won't you be my neighbor?" should be yes. #WhatUnitesUs
I cherish taking leisurely strolls with my wife Jean at twilight. My steps are getting slower and increasingly I have another journey on my mind—the one into eternity. But the joy—the sheer, unadulterated joy—of a hand-in-hand , slow walk as evening shadows fall never ceases.
RT @RhyanRomaine: Got Dad #WhatUnitesUs by @thedanrather  for his vacation reading. He hasn't pulled his nose out of it (he is employing a…
What are your thoughts on President Trump's pick for the U.S. Supreme Court? I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET to discuss Brett Kavanaugh. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
See what we can accomplish when we are working TOGETHER? https://t.co/H5tDIQWs7u
RT @EAM1234: @DanRather I just finished your book #WhatUnitesUS today.   For the first time since the election I have a glimmer of hope.  Y…
Tonight is further evidence of what I have long believed: the 2018 elections will almost certainly be the most consequential midterms of my lifetime.
Bulletin: It's Kavanaugh
IMHO with the Supreme Court pick, Pres. Trump isn't preoccupied with abortion, voting rights, or protecting big business. He wants a win, but even more than that he wants someone who will be in his corner if (and likely) when the Mueller investigation goes before the justices.
Inspired by a decade-old speech from @jk_rowling. "Imagination is not only the uniquely human capacity to envision that which is not...it is the power that enables us to empathize with humans whose experiences we have never shared." #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/QQxWCvRdyd
RT @standupkid: I passed my copy of @DanRather's book #WhatUnitesUs on to my father. If you haven't read it, pick up a copy this weekend. I…
Because I’m sure they couldn’t find any Americans to do the job. Hypocrisy thy name is...	https://t.co/L3ev4oxsel
"No man who is corrupt, no man who condones corruption in others, can possibly do his duty by the community." - Theodore Roosevelt, who understood that clean government couldn't be a partisan issue. It must be part of #WhatUnitesUs
RT @Bi5cUit3: I know a lot of people that are confused and think they are patriotic, but this explains it so well. Good thing to ponder thi…
RT @MindyLevy: On this #FourthofJuly I am rereading “What Unites Us.”  Loved it the first time and, given today’s climate, an important rem…
On this Fourth of July, I refuse to let Donald Trump have the flag of the United States as his own. I refuse to let the best of this nation be debased and weaponized against truth and justice. I refuse to bow to cynicism. #WhatUnitesUs (more thoughts here) https://t.co/c5Sqx5G3w8
RT @drjdizz: Sitting by the pool with family, reading @DanRather’s book, #WhatUnitesUs 		EVERY American should read this chapter on #Immigr…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Wisdom from Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on the Fourth of July. #4thofJuly2018 	#whatunitesus 	@DanRather https://t.co/BO…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Happy Fourth of July! #4thofJuly2018 	#whatunitesus https://t.co/rYsNctKQV6	@DanRather https://t.co/2ekhxCU0ux
“We Americans today-all of us-are characters in this living book of democracy. But we are also its author. It falls upon us now to say whether the chapters that are to come will tell a story of retreat or a story of continued advance.”	Franklin D. Roosevelt (1940) resonant anew
Ah, rain. In the wake of days of near record heat, rain fell in New York and the surrounding Tristate area today. Not much and not for long, but enough for long enough to bring to mind an old saying from my Texas youth: “A newborn calf and a fresh rain are always welcome.”
News about Trump administration and race and college admissions is troubling. Diversity is key to education. And there are many ways people get into college - including family ties, wealth, and privilege. Heck, Trump himself somehow got into an Ivy League school.
RT @RDSwenson: Seems like a good week to read Dan Rather and Elliot Kirschner’s essays on patriotism, the importance of dissent, journalism…
It seems whenever there's a deep freeze in winter, the climate change deniers jump on Twitter. It’s 100 degrees outside... the silence is deafening.
Picking a fight with Canada is sort of like disrespecting your nicest aunt.
We know LeBron James has been outspoken about Trump. So it makes sense to head to California, the heartland of the #resistance. The fact that he will be trying to resist the dominance of the Warriors is an added plot twist.
For all the talk about Dem. congressional candidates - establishment vs. insurgent, progressive base vs. national party leaders, I've tended to find that a good measure of a strong candidate is whether people seem excited to vote for him and (thankfully) increasingly her.
Governing is about broad policies, but those policies change the lives of real, individual people. Immigration is a difficult issue, but we cannot ignore the personal costs. This piece is an important Sunday read. 		https://t.co/IDVIyXPoes
Make no mistake, this is a headline that makes Putin very happy. Where are all the foreign policy hawks in the GOP who preached about an American-led world order?		https://t.co/YI8hD4EJOH
This is about as pure and honest an assessment of what it means to be a journalist as you're likely to find. Please read and ponder. It is much more than a job. It seeps into your marrow and holds firm. It's about being part of something bigger than yourself. https://t.co/PXjMXTHkjq
A good news story, and a reminder of the many parts of our society that fall through the cracks of our greater prosperity. This is the kind of action that can rebuild lives and strengthen our country. 	https://t.co/mVLeTL2ewR
RT @DavidBegnaud: For Puerto Rican hurricane survivors about to be ousted from hotel rooms FEMA is paying for, @SenBillNelson asked that th…
RT @politico: Within 16 years, the federal deficit is expected to be the largest in history, outpacing even the fiscal shortfalls that foll…
RT @DavidBegnaud: Today in Puerto Rico		9 months after Hurricane Maria		2,344 customers still do not have power; in many cases these are ho…
To give in to despair, to be paralyzed by inaction, is to let them win. I've seen generations of Americans not give up on our better angels. It may take time. There will be setbacks. But more often than not, the arc of the moral universe bends toward justice. #steady #courage
Justice Kennedy retiring... If you are deeply disturbed, absorb the shock. But respond with even more determination. If you see this as a fight for the future of democracy, let those in power know that the will of the majority can still hold sway. https://t.co/lcKhiAgKao
RT @AlgonquinBooks: At a time when we could all use the thoughtful reflections and insight of this book,  #WhatUnitesUs #ebook by @DanRathe…
RT @DavidBegnaud: Today in Puerto Rico		9 months after Hurricane Maria		2,631 customers still do not have power; in many cases these are ho…
President Trump and the GOP bemoaning a lack of civility is a hypocritical farce. It spurs an almost uncontrollable bout of forehead slapping in disbelief. But let's be clear about what incivility really looks like:	https://t.co/CY1WZfpauV
RT @MultfamilyMaven: Read the first 91 pages in #WhatUnitesUs ReflectionsOnPatriotism @DanRather &amp; #ElliotKirschner. This is an easy read!…
RT @nickiknowsnada: Seriously tho @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs is one of the books I'm reading this summer to decompress from the mental exha…
Grandad proud of this budding journalist. https://t.co/LJ9cdfi519
In the midst of multiple manufactured crises and a culture of willful distractions #ClimateChangeIsReal. The laws of physics and nature will remain true no matter what our politicians say and do. And the tally of that cost is already rising. 	https://t.co/3sMaa65M6e
RT @AlgonquinBooks: At a time when our country really needs this book, #WhatUnitesUs #ebook by @DanRather is just $2.99 today: https://t.co…
Here is video of my conversation with my friend @Dahlialithwick from the recent @TomTomFest. It was a wonderful evening in #Charlottesville, VA #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/DoSO0145oM
For those who may have missed my earlier tweet: there's a big sale today for the Kindle version of my book #WhatUnitesUs. I know it's shameless self-promotion and I'm biased, but I think it makes for an inspiring summer read and you can't beat the price. https://t.co/19M1apAbOF
A true Sunday feel good story. Amidst the bleak news, let's try to hold on to our common humanity and foster empathy. Kudos to this brave young man, and to his family, fellow students, and the broader community who made this moment possible. 	https://t.co/qEmMP1IR06
@TheOniNeko Hi. Thanks for your interest. You can support your independent booksellers by buying the book at the link below if you wish. 	https://t.co/njDCQhjXsE
Looking for a good summer read? Are you a Kindle reader? Under the heading "shameless self promotion" there's a great sale price today on my book #WhatUnitesUs! Please check it out and share with others who may want to read it. https://t.co/19M1apAbOF
If you can this summer, find a place away from the news cycle and other oppressions of modern life. Stay past sunset and pray for clear skies. Then look up in awe and wonder. As Carl Sagan said: "The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena." 	https://t.co/j9mTkwWIIQ
When it comes to the Trump Administration, there's the myriad cruelties of its policies, the stench of corruption, and the complacency in the face of so many serious challenges. But there's also failing even the most basic standards of competence.
Old aircraft carrier @ussintrepid and the @IntrepidMuseum it contains are often overlooked and underestimated as family tourist destination in NYC. I must admit, it's one of my favorites. I found myself there again this week and again impressed by all it had to offer.
Pres. Trump still believes immigration is a winning issue for him. He thinks GOP will ride it to picking up seats in the House and Senate in November. Democrats in danger of once again underestimating him and overestimating polls.
I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET to discuss recent news headlines. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk #DanRathersAmerica
Let’s be clear - tearing children away from their parents is but a logical extension of this administration’s immigration policy - a policy already steeped in cruelty and fueled by racism and demagoguery.
RT @cmedders: Excited to dive into this new @DanRather book today... #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/Wv9jhcMldB
I've been thinking of a way to describe how Pres.Trump seeks to "leverage" his anti-immigration campaign by instituting a horrific policy of ripping children from the arms of their parents. The more I thought of it, the more the phrase "human shields" echoed in my conscience.
RT @GetWisdomDude: “American at its best is a wonderful, diverse,and spirited chorus. When  we sing together, our message is amplified and…
RT @BaconCros2001: #WhatUnitesUs	@DanRather 	The more of this book I read, the more I wish I had bought it on day one. The more I wish I co…
RT @DMRoon: In these trying times it was uplifting to finish #whatunitesus @DanRather and be reminded of our common humanity and core value…
RT @DavidBegnaud: Today in Puerto Rico		Nearly 9 months after Hurricane Maria		6,224 customers still do not have power; in many cases these…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Might we suggest these #FathersDay gift options: #Southernmost by @silasdhouse: https://t.co/zZ5MnxkXbd #TastingthePast…
RT @BaconCros2001: @DanRather #WhatUnitesUs	"The United States does not belong to any one of us."		Page 4 and I am not only hooked, but may…
What are the policy positions of the current Republican Party - other than fealty to Donald Trump? That’s not meant as snark. I’m genuinely curious about where party leaders think they're heading.
Thanks @JennaCederblad for the kind words about #WhatUnitesUs and sharing some favorite themes and quotes. I always like hearing people's reactions to what moves them about the book. https://t.co/PGwSm9LHUz
Jim Acosta is a pro. Anyone seeking to silence him will find that he will only dig deeper and be more determined to uncover the truths the administration wants to remain hidden. https://t.co/wPdmYerIYx
RT @chetcutick: Just finished @DanRather's wonderful memoir/history/civics lesson of a book, What Unites Us. Simply excellent read of what…
This is more in line with my definition of #winning. Empathy, sportsmanship, friendship - these are #WhatUnitesUs.	https://t.co/wjPUMxE0Ps
RT @psb_dc: Finally picked up a copy of @DanRather 's book and I haven't been able to put it down. Our rule of law, our work ethic, our emp…
RT @RadioAndySXM: Coming up on @DanRather’s America @jmeacham joins us plus @Charlieleduff &amp; we’ll be taking a look at the Historic #Nuclea…
We have a signed piece of paper and several big pronouncements. But what now? This president hasn’t seemed to be a leader who is prepared for the difficult and distinctly unglamorous slog of governance and diplomacy beyond the photo op.
Another chapter in the ongoing fight over the right to vote...	https://t.co/jjWHOKgIMN
Noting that this is PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder) awareness month want to mention that @drlaurie's book The Five Gifts is on sale for $6 on Amazon. This is an excellent book on ways to combat stress in all its forms. (For transparency, Dr. Nadel is a good friend)
It's like a Renaissance master who captures a complex human narrative in one well-framed canvas. This one photo seems to sum up so much of our times. https://t.co/I9WppPrnWZ
Looking for a great father's day gift? May I suggest the book #WhatUnitesUs, inspiring for dad's of all ages and politics. Self-serving sales pitch? Guilty as charged, but I'm proud of the book and the response I've heard from those who've read it. https://t.co/g67rr1bf03
Our longest, deepest, and most loyal allies must be looking at what is  passing for American foreign policy these days and thinking, “With a friend like this…”	https://t.co/F3rwHDudl0
You know who’s probably NOT going to wing it when it comes to the summit with North Korea? Kim Jong-un.
Wanted to add my congratulations to the @Capitals for winning the Stanley Cup. I lived for many years in Washington, D.C. and it is a really great sports town deserving of a championship team after a long drought.
There was a time in American history when really only white men could vote. Imagine where we'd be today if that was still the case.
RT @jaketapper: Happy 2nd anniversary to this tweet. 		President Trump hasn’t held a full solo news conference in 16 months — since Februar…
This is the America I know and love - a place where "others" can become brothers and sisters and where love can conquer hate. It's not easy. It takes time and effort. But it is possible. Imagine if our national energy was directed towards #WhatUnitesUs		https://t.co/dMCJsXwS8J
Apparently @StephenCurry30 and @KingJames are sharing their own version of #WhatUnitesUs. I have a sense they aren't alone in the @NBA (just a hunch...)	https://t.co/zWyGKOQDHQ
The power to pardon is not a license for tyranny.
Quick gut check: what do you think George Washington would think of Trump? (Or Ben Franklin? Hamilton? Adams? Jefferson? Madison? Or, for that matter, FDR? Teddy Roosevelt? Eisenhower? Even Ronald Reagan?) We know what his living predecessors think of him - of both parties.
RT @szygmunt: An encouraging story of bipartisan partnership. #whatunitesus  https://t.co/C1h5KnouJ4 via @politico
Trump disinvites Eagles from White House - while millions of Americans hurt. Puerto Rico suffers. Allies fret. The planet warms. He uses our National Anthem to sow disunity in what's supposed to be the UNITED States of America. I think history will mark it as akin to McCarthyism.
Who are we?	https://t.co/aKvcnQFFmd
A quote echoes in my mind from another fraught moment in American history - "You have done enough. Have you no sense of decency?"
Science has been key to America's economic, military, and, most importantly, moral power. The anti-science GOP, and the anti-science Trump Administration threaten all of that. China is eager to take the lead. This is a grave matter of national security. 	https://t.co/UveVBcAbRv
It's a well played game from both teams. But right now @StephenCurry30 has opened up a clinic. #NBAFinals
RT @Wootenomics: I've been waiting months for @DanRather's new book, but I finally got my hands on a copy. #BearkatAlums https://t.co/5EqoL…
For decades the GOP stalwarts sanctimoniously lectured on the glories of unfettered capitalism. Now a Republican president is meddling with industries, and even individual companies. All I hear is a lot of crickets...	https://t.co/B8VMT9w9HV
It's a small story, to be sure. But somehow, it is one that rings so true, for anyone who's had a passionate teacher, and for anyone who has had to read pronouncements coming from this White House. God bless the teachers. 	https://t.co/dRiU8SA3At
RT @DavidBegnaud: Today in Puerto Rico		More than eight months after Hurricane Maria		10,085 customers still do not have power; in many cas…
RT @DavidBegnaud: Before leaving for the states we went back to the capitol in San Juan; the memorial has grown to honor victims of Hurrica…
RT @chrislhayes: Is there any reason at all there shouldn't be a 9/11-style commission to investigate just what happened in Puerto Rico in…
A serious man, speaks seriously, about many serious concerns. 	https://t.co/aCYDJxQ87K
It's a warm spring day in New York. I take a walk in the park and breathe deeply. I look to the trees and feel the warm air on my face. I revel in the diverse and energetic humanity, especially the children at play. And I smile.
The Warriors play Houdini. King James continues his reign of greatness (GOAT?) High emotions. Controversial calls. A lot to discuss, parse and debate. I just hope it's a sign of a Finals for the ages.
OT! I hope you’re watching if you are a fan of basketball.
RT @MartinRather: On the last full segment of tonight’s #Maddow, we had a possible first for major cable television news. A lesbian woman s…
...or a GOP congressman blaming rising oceans on falling rocks from the White Cliffs of Dover.
Roseanne blaming Ambien is like Trump blaming Sessions...
How about a little less "defending" your response (CYA), and a little more "defending" the lives of American citizens in Puerto Rico! #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/fNCOdkUlbJ
Wow... when a pharmaceutical company throws shade.... Roseanne blames her racist tweet on Ambien. The drug maker responds: "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
RT @SXMPolitics: "This president and the Congress are doing things that offend American values and really offend the people who are going t…
How many needles may be in this haystack?	https://t.co/DXwrQboNiz
Most Americans work very hard. So adding the full-time job of keeping track of the outrages and abuses of this Administration is time none of us really could afford to spare. Less time for family. Less time for curiosity. Less time for helping others. No time for peace of mind.
The always perceptive @Dahlialithwick on Trump's framing of the "legal" debate, including the confusion about collusion. 	https://t.co/LfFAUG5bWB
Please note, I will be on in the 8pm hour in the lead up to the town hall.
If this nation ultimately fails, I believe it will likely be along the fraught fissures around race. This is a conversation from which none of us can afford to disengage. Eager to join the discussion tonight with @chrislhayes and @JoyAnnReid on @MSNBC https://t.co/RGND3mj2ZD
This number should shock and outrage all Americans. This is a national disgrace. We must investigate and get answers. #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/nAnH5fnHZr
RT @RadioAndySXM: Coming up at 10 am ET an all-new @DanRather’s America taking your calls at 844-305-2639, What Are The Main Issues That Ke…
Getting ready to settle down in front of the TV for another Game 7 in the NBA Playoffs. I like the @warriors, the way they play the game, and I often root for them. But tonight I'm pulling hard for the @HoustonRockets - my home town team!
The legend of @KingJames etches another improbable chapter in the history books. What he can carry on his shoulders is truly unbelievable. A great season, and a tip of the Stetson to the Celtics. But James and the @cavs do it again.
A sweet story that will hopefully bring a smile, and a sense of hope... https://t.co/WpANsPHc0A
When I think of the word Sisyphean, I think of fact checking the President's Twitter feed.
RT @DavidBegnaud: Saturday in Puerto Rico		8 months after Hurricane Irma &amp; Maria		13,481 customers still do not have power (Source: @AEEONL…
For whom does he work?	https://t.co/1zN9d8iPah
Game on. Does LeBron James have enough magic in his tank (and jumpshot) to kick the series back to a game 7 in Boston?
Lots of punditry and cable news talkfests are dedicated to a brewing and bedeviling civil war within the Democratic party. Dana Milbank has a very different perspective. Where do you see the truth lying on this issue going into the midterms? @Milbank https://t.co/9nawC1wF2S
Never thought I would see a time when many in the world were blaming the United States, and not the repressive dictators of North Korea, for a failure in diplomacy. But alas, there we are...
Sometimes a personal story can say so much. This is worth a weekend read. 	https://t.co/6ux1LrR9Mh
RT @mostunknownfilm: “Mystifying…extols the wonders of science and of all that’s yet to discover.” — @nytimes #TheMostUnknown premieres TOM…
Diplomacy requires patience and flexibility. Those who practice the craft must understand the difference between rhetoric and facts. They must study their allies and their adversaries. It has never bean the realm for the impulsive, the thin-skinned or the feckless.
An immigrant ruminates on a quintessentially American invention. A fun and quirky essay that provides nice relief from another day of big and dispiriting news. Few sights seem more innocent and pure than kids playing T-ball on a summer afternoon. https://t.co/YIk1VgkCTu
RT @MsDeShaney: @DanRather  I just finished #WhatUnitesUs. Not only is it timely &amp; well written but is also didactic &amp; thought-provoking. I…
RT @KJeselson: Just finished #WhatUnitesUs and found it to be profound and humbling. And, I realized that I had highlighted more passages t…
Some days just call for a bit of awe and wonder...science...exploration.... and a bit of humility when faced with the scale... and beauty of the cosmos...  https://t.co/bqNJJYv8a8
Reporting is that the Trump Administration is worried about upcoming summit with North Korea. This is not the kind of thing you can wing. There is no book called "Nuclear Disarmament Talks with Reclusive and Impulsive Dictators for Dummies".
It's never too late...	https://t.co/cjx8Ru1R1O
Cavs own their home court. And @KingJames apparently has his teammates back from witness protection. Can it last?
It’s graduation season. Looking for perfect gift to send young grads off to college or world? May I suggest #WhatUnitesUs, an uplifting look at our American experiment. Blatant self-promotion on Twitter? Guilty as charged, but If President can do it...  https://t.co/GW8FBAkuUf
A Saturday bombshell. How much do we not yet know? https://t.co/zq5IrIKjhz
Can we think of criminal justice reform beyond only prison? There's bipartisan hope for change. This provocative essay is worth reading and sharing. @dsallentess https://t.co/1pRfLCf8j4
Not a record you want to see. 	https://t.co/OZvQNen8BW
In the middle of our busy lives, please take the time to watch (and share) this moving short film - a reminder that behind headlines and statistics lie real people forging lives against the odds. A kindred sense of humanity must be part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/55L5NyrERf
RT @cameron_kasky: Feel pain, grieve, be hurt and embrace it... but never give up hope. Things will be better. The world will be better.
An inspiring read. No matter your politics, this should be the spirit of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/OgnEIv6f1v
Watching the eruption of the volcano in Hawaii, I first pray for the health and safety of those in harm's way. And then I pause, and reflect in awe, at the might and mystery of our Earth.
Meanwhile, THIS was happening in our House of Representative yesterday. The whole article is worth a read and a share. Climate change and resulting sea level rise is not fake news. And it can't be lost amidst all the other noise of our current news cycle.	https://t.co/i7bkk0racQ
RT @rickalther: I just finished reading #WhatUnitesUs. A very timely, thoughtful and reflective read. I can not think of higher praise. Tha…
RT @rickalther: "It seems each generation must in some way learn its own lessons about overreach. We would do well to study our history. Fo…
"It is one of the happy incidents of the federal system that a single courageous State may, if its citizens choose, serve as a laboratory" - Justice Louis Brandeis	Case in point: https://t.co/yJegIeReJx
RT @NewsandGuts: “If our leaders seek to conceal the truth or we as a people become accepting of alternative realities that are no longer g…
You can't ignore reality forever. And the effects of climate change are already readily evident in Alaska. We need progress on all fronts.	https://t.co/7Rf85iUonF
Great new science documentary. All about the awe and wonder of discovery. @mostunknownfilm opens at the @quadcinema in NYC May 18, in LA May 25, other cities in US and Canada soon after. Check it out!!! More info here: https://t.co/P3tq23oTJj
Of all the responses to #WhatUnitesUs, this perhaps made me smile the most... Thank you @KatieTerHaar, and please thank your daughter as well. https://t.co/lyK7eVBCgl
The student loan debt crisis should be a natural bipartisan issue.  It’s an important story that can’t get lost in the news.   https://t.co/hcVFD6IWgd
I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET to discuss the issues you're most concerned with. What keeps you up at night?Are you better or worse off now than in November 2016? Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and tell me all about it #DanRathersAmerica
RT @TheYoungTurks: .@DanRather quotes from former New York City mayor @MikeBloomberg's address at @RiceUniversity, where Bloomberg criticiz…
RT @TheYoungTurks: As @SenJohnMcCain wrestles with brain cancer, he has offered a final plea for civility, in a rebuke of the @realDonaldTr…
This is a very serious issue worthy of press coverage and Congressional hearings. In the shadowy world of for profit colleges, government oversight is essential. https://t.co/jb4bh6EiYk
We are left to face the power of nature with awe and humility, even as science begins unlocking the mysteries of our planet. Thanks @voxdotcom for a good rundown on volcanoes. My thoughts and best wishes are with those in harm's way in Hawaii. https://t.co/CghD1JN47y
RT @AlgonquinBooks: The combo of #MothersDay and #GraduationDay has us thinking of this quote from @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs (two groups w…
A #HappyMothersDay to all. Much of what is good in life, much of what fuels optimism and hope, that foster love and justice, is rooted in the special bonds between mother and child.
Could not be more proud. Being a grandfather has been one of life’s greatest joys. @MartinRather https://t.co/c6mrbHrFLL
RT @MEPerez_atl: Just saw an ad for Governor in Georgia where the candidate touts his pickup truck that he uses to round up “criminal illeg…
RT @co_mommy: @DanRather Yes!! "Our government is there to serve us, not the other way around". 	#WhatUnitesUs #Government #America #Novemb…
RT @paper_tiger14: Found my Mother's Day present! After she finishes Comey's book, I hope she'll enjoy @DanRather's. I've heard quite a bun…
Thank you for sharing. Would love to hear what they thought of it. https://t.co/xVGBQM7nhE
RT @NewsandGuts: We appear to have another Giuliani gaffe. Donald Trump's latest lawyer has contradicted the Department of Justice and the…
I remember living through some of this nation's darker moments. It's important not to minimize the threats of the present but also not to look at our past through rose-colored glasses. A great weekend read by the always insightful @ezraklein  #Steady	https://t.co/nnbO7kzzBt
RT @NewsandGuts: "...I have never seen a level of corruption in the United States equal to that emanating from the Trump Administration."…
"No man who is corrupt, no man who condones corruption in others, can possibly do his duty by the community." - Theodore Roosevelt. 	https://t.co/5ELc2Ezb5I
In all the stories swirling around the the Trump Administration, this one cannot be allowed to fall into obscurity. It needs more attention, and more reporting. Many unanswered questions, but the topic is so serious as to warrant real scrutiny. 	https://t.co/LvUWZSyZqY
RT @ibiology: Underrepresented scientists are often presented as underdogs. With #BackgroundToBreakthrough we wanted to change that narrati…
RT @loganeast: @DanRather just finished #WhatUnitesUs Fantastic book. Thank you to you and all who worked on it.
Stopped by one of my favorite diners in Minneapolis: @Hi_Lo_Diner. Have fond memories of taping #DanRathersAmerica there with the @SIRIUSXM team. https://t.co/BWbSN76uvP
It's the day after, Mr. President. What's your strategy on Iran? The Middle East? Nuclear proliferation? Our relations with our allies? Our adversaries? There was a time when Washington talked, the world listened. Any longer?
The GOP attacked Obamacare to propel their Congressional majorities. Will the Democrats now use the issue to help spur their own election wave?	https://t.co/JTdoRS4vtq
How important is diversity in science? These trio of short videos are provocative and urgent. Highly recommend checking out the link, viewing, and sharing. #scicomm	https://t.co/IJoX1W1CXa https://t.co/qTIQAoqI7E
RT @AlgonquinBooks: We thought of these wise words from @DanRather today,  #TeacherAppreciationDay #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/Rp238ZnYag @w…
Enjoyed being with @brianstelter on #DanRathersAmerica this morning. He's doing some serious, good work at CNN
Once again, I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET to discuss the news stories that matter most to you. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) #DanRathersAmerica
RT @TheYoungTurks: President @realDonaldTrump has a top contender to run Veterans Affairs. Wait til you hear who he's lobbying for. cc @Dan…
The circus has a new - and fitting - ringmaster. 		https://t.co/DFzqFWT5G8
A good rule of thumb: Let sleeping bears lie. But it looks like that is increasingly difficult, thanks to climate change and other factors. https://t.co/XRhJmwFkHf
Many think it's a sacrilege to say Lebron James is better than Michael Jordan. I say, bring it on. I 've seen many greats, in a variety of sports. @KingJames is in a league of his own. Make time to watch him play. We won't see the likes of him anytime soon, if ever.
RT @vidalexperience: “God forbid, but if this nation ultimately fails, I believe it will be because of opinions, propaganda, and superstiti…
RT @noh8rdi: Look what book was at the @GettysburgNMP Bookstore. Naturally, @DanRather’s #WhatUnitesUs #Perfect https://t.co/gAo218F7Y0
This is not fake news. People can ignore science or dismiss climate change if they want. But the biology and health of their bodies have no choice but to live in the real world. Please be aware and take all the necessary precautions. 	https://t.co/fS7fU4Yol4
RT @AmyBiancolli: Why art and artists matter, beautifully expressed by @DanRather in his plainspoken, profound “What Unites Us.” As human b…
It’s always nice to wake up to a good old fashioned typography debate. Where do you come down? One space?  Or two? https://t.co/q84K7fB99V
RT @KenBurns: Today on the 48th anniversary of  Kent State @DanRather helps dedicate @KentState a National Historic Landmark. Reflect with…
On this day in 1970 - 4 dead in Ohio. The story of what happened at Kent State University through the eyes of a professor who was there. Our video shared here: https://t.co/C8arIBScFW
How is it that for all of his greatness, @KingJames somehow still seems underappreciated. Tonight was another epic performance. Can he keep it up? Does this man ever get tired?
If you are the press secretary for, say, the President of the United States. And that President regularly lies to you, and others (like the world). That means when you tell the press what the President has told you, you have likely abetted in a lie.
"Today’s most transformative medicines exist because of fundamental discoveries that were made without regard to practical outcome and with their relevance to therapeutics only appearing decades later." We MUST fund BASIC research. Pls share widely @aaas  https://t.co/m8ddZIZ3p9
Pres. Trump likes to talk about "extreme vetting" - well let's just say that standard wasn't applied to Mr. Trump before election day in 2016. Far from it. This helpful rundown has some of the major points. What didn't we know and when didn't we know it?	https://t.co/eZHq27soOk
I remember the courage of Jackie Robinson. Stereotypes can be forever challenged by the crowning of new heroes on the field of play. And the cheers in the stands can lift society to greater justice, empathy and inclusion. 		https://t.co/xORIQaFXnW
So VP Pence called disgraced (and Trump pardoned) AZ sheriff Arpaio a "champion" of the "rule of law"?!!? That's sort of like calling Kanye West a "scholar" of "antebellum history."
RT @wuu_america: Dedication to #education even in times of #dissent. While Arizona teachers walkout to demand investment in public educatio…
Proud of my grandson @martinrather and his colleagues in putting together a newscast centered around reporting on topics other than the President. This week they interview Dem Rep. @sethmoulton, among other segments. Worth a watch. https://t.co/LNiZ2ciVOT
Rod Rosenstein lays out a stark ultimatum: "The Department of Justice is not going to be extorted.” It doesn't get much bolder than that. But stakes are high, the American tradition of an independent rule of law. Everyone in a position of power must ask: which side will I be on?
RT @AXSTV: Giddy up, oom poppa omm poppa, mow mow! 		Join us tonight for The @oakridgeboys ​on the spring finale of #TheBigInterview with @…
Basic research is central to the best of American values. We must make support of it a national mission. It doesn't only lead to uncovering the mysteries of life (a very worthy goal) but breakthrough technologies and treatments. #Science must be part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/Z4nEWAMnZC
It's another round of California vs. Trump - this time over emission standards for cars....	https://t.co/b9WdPXd0Bw
There’s a dangerous talking point brewing that “obstruction of justice” is some minor offense. No way of knowing where Russia investigation leads, but this mindset is ridiculous. It’s an affront to democracy based on the rule of law. In other words, the United States of America.
RT @wuu_america: How a Maine town reached across cultural divides through sports. #Inclusion (and #soccer) are a part of  #WhatUnitesUs.		h…
RT @RadioAndySXM: Just ahead of another edition of @DanRather’s America with @GenMhayden making a return appearance!
A big ole canary in the coal mine on the popularity of GOP tax bill (skewed to corp. America)? A GOP senator who hopes to have a political future goes "way off message"... Expect to see Marco Rubio's name in Democratic ads this fall. 	https://t.co/o2EVDhfXQz
Heart's heavy with news of reporters killed in Kabul. Please think of those who died today, their families and colleagues. Think of the countless more who continue to die in Afghanistan, especially the locals who have nowhere else to go. Journalism is vital to truth.
RT @oakridgeboys: Remember #TheBigInterview with @DanRather airs on @AXSTV Tomorrow night...it is pretty incredible... https://t.co/7hgcVTr…
In a world where the word “legendary” has been devalued with overuse @WillieNelson has more than earned that accolade, and countless others. An American original and dear friend, happy birthday hoss - and many more to come.
Important context and perspective to the Puerto Rico story. Nuanced reporting on a crisis that very much continues in the wake of the hurricane destruction. #RememberPuertoRico https://t.co/Eg8R7C99ci
“Civic Science” is a concept that is vital in our current age. It is one I am eager to support and believe it can shape our national and global dialogue for the better. It can also build bridges around #WhatUnitesUs. 	https://t.co/ZpoQJF5PbU
RT @KnowlesLori: @DanRather My husband and I enjoyed reading #WhatUnitesUs very much. I kept saying to myself “yes, yes, yes” while reading…
A heartwarming story. Inclusion is part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/99x1mEWdgP
This important program is happening tomorrow. Please note and share with others. https://t.co/qN0g4zPads
Joan Baez is an American original. It was an honor to sit down with her for The Big Interview. #TBI @joancbaez @AXSTV https://t.co/pRuXXX9jsf
#SciComm - a hashtag you should know. Science communication is a passion that has become deeply personal. My address on the topic to the American Geophysical Union @theAGU. I hope you take the time to watch, listen, share and let me know what you think  	https://t.co/9uu8t3VxF4
I sat down with @DEAHQ Administrator Robert Patterson to discuss Take Back Day on @Radiodotcom - you can listen to my conversation now. #DEATakeBack   https://t.co/FCJQVQRqD6
Having just learned the meaning of the term "hot mess" I feel comfortable applying it to Trump's nominee to head the VA.
Many in the Pentagon know that not only is climate change real, but that it poses serious national security concerns. 	https://t.co/vX9vJwlMea
We can't glorify our nation's past at the expense of this bloody and shameful truth. We must etch the history of white supremacy in our collective consciousness so we can approach the present and the future with more humility and empathy. @MemPeaceJustice 	https://t.co/APUO00t1Kf
"Three is a magic number. Yes, it is, it's a magic number..." A long, diverse, and eclectic musical life remembered. #RIP	https://t.co/0RDp58bjs6
I've reported on many suspects at police precincts late at night. Some confessed. More lied about their innocence. Some were innocent. With the shiftiness, the brazen denials and blame game, Trump's recent actions remind me of many who were proven guilty. Not to say he is guilty.
Of the scandals swirling around Scott Pruitt, there's one that looms over all the rest: he's actively undermining the EPA's mission to make people, and the planet itself, safer and healthier. It's a disgrace of historic proportions. More thoughts here: https://t.co/2MMpZrBLcl
It's time to #FreeAustinTice  https://t.co/HKO8g6xURB
Education's a sleeper issue, it's #WhatUnitesUs. Willful neglect of public schools in favor of tax cuts for the rich is a disgrace more people across the political spectrum are wising up to. We must do better. We can do better. I believe we will do better. https://t.co/Z8IDOLn45r
RT @Ryan_Reynolds9: “Patriotism-active, constructive patriotism takes work. It takes knowledge, engagement with those who are different fro…
RT @TheYoungTurks: Sears is closing more stores...including its last store in Chicago. It's not just the competition. As @DanRather explain…
I sat down with @DEAHQ Administrator Robert Patterson to discuss Take Back Day on @Radiodotcom – listen now.	#DEATakeBack	https://t.co/FCJQVQRqD6
Let's talk about the news. I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:35am ET to discuss the stories that matter most to you and why. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) #DanRathersAmerica
RT @SenoraB: Just finished #WhatUnitesUs. A must read for everyone. Thank you @DanRather and @elliotkirschner
Thoughts remain from yesterday's @spurs victory. A storied franchise and a coach struck by personal sadness. A legendary player lighting up before devoted fans one last time? A moment transcending the triumph and heartbreak of sport. Life - sublime, complicated, and bittersweet.
RT @TheYoungTurks: James Shaw stopped a murderous white gunman with his bare hands. Now the ball is in Donald Trump's court, as @DanRather…
RT @TheYoungTurks: .@DanRather has unearthed videotape of Sean Hannity (back when no one knew he was building a real-estate empire) talking…
RT @AXSTV: .@johnmellencamp has a lot of things to say and we're happy to let him speak! Here's a clip from his talk with @DanRather on #Th…
Science suggests that climate change will make what were once rare extreme weather events less rare, maybe much less rare. The view from California:	https://t.co/gHzw3dL8ZI
Across America, in ways big and small, countless people work to make our country a better place. Lives are changed, and despite the cynicism of our age, seeds of progress bloom. This is #WhatUnitesUs, and this story is a powerful example. 	https://t.co/JvJ3Xv4QPp
RT @NewsandGuts: Remember when Sean Hannity said his only connection with Michael Cohen was a few real estate discussions? Turns out Sean H…
“We travel together, passengers on a little space ship, dependent on its vulnerable reserves of air and soil...preserved from annihilation only by the care, the work, and, I will say, the love we give our fragile craft.” Adlai Stevenson on #whatunitesus
Wall Street vs. the Gun Industry - a true GOP dilemma... 	https://t.co/aMfHvBDhSB
The tulips are in bloom, and the colors are vivid...	https://t.co/jxkloKIxFb
Potatoes are not a food to be trifled with - truffled maybe, but not trifled https://t.co/h8ESv0pP54
RT @GenuineGrizzly: .@DanRather, I’m almost done reading #WhatUnitesUs and as each essay leaves a powerful feeling that it is the most impa…
The fetid brew of money and politics certainly isn't new. But the sheer audacity of the allegations surrounding Pruitt at the EPA is enough to shock even this old reporter. And now comes this great investigative reporting from the @nytimes... https://t.co/m7qSeTIRwU
Childhood is a magical time. And it seems that reading to and playing with young children is central to unlocking the potential of young minds. https://t.co/CwxppU88Nt
For those who have not yet seen the warning around romaine lettuce, please be cautious and be safe. https://t.co/XKCqVI7Rm5
RT @HildyRich: I am a Canadian who has just read #WhatUnitesUs by @DanRather   		While many of the comments are uniquely American, this boo…
RT @NewsandGuts: Donald Trump's actual wealth has long been in question, mostly from those who believe he's never been as rich as he's clai…
RT @JoannSarcinella: I just finished reading #whatunitesus by @DanRather and I loved it. It brought back what I knew all along, it showed m…
NASA took us to the moon...where we saw our fragile, improbable Earth against the dark vastness of space. Our exploration of the heavens must begin with a healthy home. That NASA will now be run by a climate change skeptic mocks its mission. Science must be part of #WhatUnitesUs
Tip of the Stetson to Pembroke Pines Barnes and Noble (including Store Manager Charles Hooker and team). I was there today to help promote Dr. Laurie Nadel's new book, The Five Gifts. It's a fruitful read on how to weather dark times -although the sun was shining on us in Florida https://t.co/0CITppjzY9
It seems we have a winner in the Trump legal defense team sweepstakes: Rudy Giuliani come on down. The soap opera takes another bizarre and surreal twist. I am only surprised now by my contnual inability ot be surprised any more. 	https://t.co/KuCBtUCb0H
RT @BCSpeakerSeries: ”To lead a noble life is to lead a life of service to others.”		“If it is to be, it’s up to me.”		@DanRather shares so…
I am not alone in the belief of staying steady during troubled times. Dr. Laurie Nadel's new book, The Five Gifts, details the inner strength needed to cope when disaster strikes. I will be in conversation with her tomorrow, April 19th, 12:30pm at Pembroke Pines Barnes and Noble. https://t.co/bw9TaZ2ZwD
Unbelievable... but all too believable. #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/uM0HwsJm0F
The EPA cannot come to mean Everything with Pruitt is Acceptable. That he‘s remained at his post despite multiple scandals (nevermind actively undermining the agency's founding mission) exemplifies the audacity of cynicism that plagues the Trump Administration more generally.
For those who ever said, "she can't" - She can! 	https://t.co/yByfG9F8jw
When Pres. Trump attacks the free press as the "enemy of the American people"... when he praises Vladimir Putin, we must remember the grave even mortal dangers facing journalists in Russia. This latest suspicious death is an all-too-chilling occurrence. 	https://t.co/s43Yi44pGq
Once again, I will be taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk about the news stories that matter most to you today. #DanRathersAmerica
The wonders of life... https://t.co/RHaNoeRQSW
It's a good week to #FreeAustinTice https://t.co/kzQ8yZVYid
RT @wuu_america: At the edge of the world climate change is certainly already much more than an existential crisis.  #WhatUnitesUs https://…
RT @nicolaziady: “Science is vital to the health &amp; security of our communities, country &amp; planet. It’s the greatest stories to tell. It’s a…
A story worthy of Sunday reflection, about love, hope, determination and the vicissitudes of life. https://t.co/DSDbsrOlB9
Not a list you want to be on. #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/1AlglwP80i
The record has shown that President Trump has little sense of irony (or history for that matter), but still, an American president boasting of a military operation as “mission accomplished”?
I was at lovely dinner talking to fellow authors at the @pbbookfestival, and a thought pops to mind. Words and food are two elements central to the human condition. It has been ever thus. I smiled and felt a rush of good feeling that was more than just the wine.
It feels like we are living in the inkblot that is a Rorschach test for American democracy.
RT @AXSTV: We're giving away copies of @DanRather's latest book, "What Unites Us." 		COMMENT with your fav' Big Interview episode for your…
RT @kayla_fleming2: Just finished reading this incredible book. I feel like I've learned so much from the beautifully written essays in thi…
RT @wuu_america: In Charlottesville talking about #WhatUnitesUs  @TomTomFest https://t.co/HUZn5sKEXI
Where does one even begin.... https://t.co/HFatPquF28
This article isn’t about Trump. It’s not clickbait. And it’s much more than a headline. But it’s the kind of journalism and storytelling we need more of. I strongly suggest taking time to read, ponder, and learn about this important underreported topic  https://t.co/pBESZWvwT3
Democracy works best when politicians are infused with a sense of courage - a high bar for most I concede. The courage to vote your conscience, tackle tough challenges. And the courage to face the voters. I don't think Paul Ryan will be remembered as a profile in courage.
RT @billyraycyrus: Hope y’all enjoyed #TheBigInterview with @DanRather​. I had a great time talking with this legend! Catch it again tonigh…
RT @GregPayneRuns: I really enjoyed @wuu_america , @DanRather. I’ve never read a book quite like it. Your words were refreshing and uplifti…
#RememberPuertoRico https://t.co/6EHL8XmCgw
RT @wuu_america: “America at its best is a wonderful, diverse, and spirited chorus. When we sing together, our message is amplified and it…
The political earthquakes seem to keep rumbling. https://t.co/rT7ILkYx4b
@mariaspinella @Marty2634 @donlemon @CNNTonight Thank you @mariaspinella, I love being on @CNNTonight
In the Golden State, the view of what America can and should be is very different from what we're witnessing in the Oval Office. 	https://t.co/EapgD6h2YX
Laurie Nadel’s new book, “The Five Gifts” (about how to cope when disaster strikes), has lessons from firefighters and police officers on how to handle stress--among many other ideas. A good read. @drlaurie
I sat down with country musician and actor @billyraycyrus . Watch our conversation on #TheBigInterview as the multi-talented artist talks about the highs and lows his career.		Watch live tonight at 9/8c on @AXSTV  or set your DVR at https://t.co/0gXJdD4vLI.
Outraged by Sinclair? Remember local reporting is a VITAL check on power. So channel your anger - Subscribe to your local newspaper or support your independent local news outlet. That will show 'em that a free and INDEPENDENT press must be part of #WhatUnitesUs.
Once again, my mind is on Austin Tice, who disappeared while reporting in Syria August 2012. #FreeAustinTice  https://t.co/HKO8g6xURB
Today I'm taking calls live during my @RadioAndySXM broadcast at 10:15am ET. Dial 844-305-2639 (ANDY) and let's talk about your go-to news sources, recent revelations between Facebook &amp; Cambridge Analytica, and more. #DanRathersAmerica
RT @MsDeShaney: “Our nation would never have thrived without the determination of those who were fearless in their beliefs, even when those…
The FBI raids the offices of Trump attorney (and bag man?) Michael Cohen. This is when the Stormy Daniels story officially ceases to be about what happened in the bedroom and very much about what could happen in a court of law. A very ominous development for the President.
I know it's spring... and hope springs eternal... and it's a long season... BUT count me in as someone who believes the NY @Mets can continue to impress. I have family members who are diehard Mets fans, and I have a soft spot in my own heart for the Amazin's.  #LetsGoMets
RT @billyraycyrus: TOMORROW! Watch me on #TheBigInterview with @DanRather. Tune into @AXSTV at 9/8c or set your DVR here: https://t.co/RGSp…
I've been following baseball since before I can remember (not quite the dead ball era). But I've never seen a phenomenon like what Shohei Ohtani is doing with his arm - and his bat - for the @Angels. Shades of Babe Ruth? Too early of course, but you can't help but go there...
Thank you for urging us to repair our faults. Hope you enjoy the rest of the book. #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/XnHYubpCgz
I'm coming to Charlottesville this week and was happy to talk to @cvillenews_desk to share some thoughts about our times and #whatunitesus @TomTomFest	https://t.co/7yCmMkX5Qt
RT @smercrn68: @DanRather Just finished #WhatUnitesUs yesterday. Such an upbeat breath of fresh air in this otherwise chaotic and divisive…
It's #NationalLibraryWeek. Libraries represent an aspirational notion of democracy - institutions that welcome anyone who wishes to become a more informed and independent citizen. Thank you librarians. You shaped my life. #WhatUnitesUs More thoughts here: https://t.co/GGBmqN9VSQ)
RT @stylernyc: @DanRather and @elliotkirschner ‘s beautiful book of essays spotted in the @fordstheatre gift shop. It’s great! Though I can…
RT @wuu_america: We see rising tuitions at public universities and the under- resourcing of community colleges, one of the unheralded backb…
What may be hiding in your attic or closet? A nice Friday evening story. 	https://t.co/sPq3ecjL29
RT @melstery: Just arrived! This one's skipping to the front of my "To read" stack. @DanRather #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/mW5PgcSFWn
#RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/IANGXvmoEg
The level of activism and engagement is truly striking. But the most powerful way for citizens to make their voices heard is at the polls. Will this wave be felt in November?	https://t.co/q9S79JtdZY
For all the attacks on the press, it's important to remember how dangerous the profession can be. I would like to take time to mention Austin Tice, who disappeared reporting in Syria 2012. #FreeAustinTice	https://t.co/kzQ8z0dz9L
President Trump and his allies seem to relish using the word "illegal" to describe many immigrants to this country, but somehow that word is conspicuously absent when they are discussing the many scandals facing members of the Administration, or the President himself.
RT @wuu_america: We need to be creative in finding new ways to get more people to vote.  https://t.co/8OtkZPipAL
For over a year, Donald Trump has made dangerous and demonstrably false accusations about widespread voter fraud. He has shown no proof because there is none. https://t.co/nXaRS6Pu2w
I love news. Have my entire life.. It's not only a profession, but a passion. Sometimes, however, even I feel I need a break. In an age of unrelenting headlines of dire global import, I've found an increasing joy in going for a walk. Preferably in the woods. #WhatUnitesUs
RT @SteveKerr: In Trump era, Cubs manager Joe Maddon welcomes immigrants in his hometown https://t.co/xwNor6nYDm
RT @hahenglishteach: “Education is not about just planting a seed; it is also about nurturing, over many decades, a productive, meaningful,…
Thanks, Toby Keith.  The country music star and pride of Oklahoma gave a compliment in an LA Times story.  Appreciate it. Would love to sit down and talk to him again. @tobykeith 	https://t.co/Cy5wZHAmdN
RT @wuu_america: “It takes a special brand of courage to face a crowd marching in one direction and decide that your destiny is to forge a…
RT @wuu_america: King never stopped hoping, dreaming—and fighting non-violently—for a more compassionate and empathetic America. This was h…
Dr. King is best known for his advocacy for racial justice. But from the beginning his was a voice for empathy for all the hungry, homeless, helpless and voiceless; a steady plea - a demand - to help the poor, downtrodden and those among us who feel no, or at best little, hope.
The boycotts and marches King encouraged came from an unshakeable belief that his country—and ours - could be inspired, pushed, tugged into being ever better. In this he was a patriot. None of the controversy surrounding him, then and now, can obscure that fact. #MLK50
2/2 King added, “We’ve got to get better, and we will.”  Not exactly the “ I Have a Dream” speech. Nor is it up there with his “I Have Been To The Mountaintop” oration just before his assassination.  But as quiet advise in a heated moment…pretty darn good #WhatUnitesUs
1/2 Albany, GA: 1962 King’s effort for effective nonviolent protest has not succeeded. I was there as his young staff expressed versions of “I’m frustrated; I’m mad.”  King quietly told them, in words I’ve never forgotten, “Don’t get frustrated, don’t get mad -get better.” #MLK50
RT @wuu_america: Caring for the environment must be part of #WhatUnitesUs in this country and as citizens of the world. https://t.co/tWJjGg…
Today, there will be no shortage of encomiums to Dr. King. But I fear what will be lost is the quality of his character and the fierceness of his beliefs. Many who now pay lip service to his legacy would be demonizing his rhetoric if he were alive today. #MLK50 #WhatUnitesUs
@hoopsquad_ I appreciate the skills and joy for the game.
I hear #NationalHugANewsPersonDay. While I appreciate a good hug as much as the next person, may I suggest #BuyASubscriptionDay and support your favorite hard working journalists for an entire year.
Some of my thoughts on #MLK50 in written and spoken words...	https://t.co/mJwTLsyuhN
Has it really been 50 years? The head begins to spin, the heart beats faster. It's the reminder of the news that seared my being on first hearing it, and many times since  - the news that tore at the fabric of our nation. Extended thoughts on #MLK50 here: https://t.co/lxeAennLcQ
RT @finnsmom428: Just finished #whatunitesus for the second time- I highly recommend it if you need a boost of optimism. #steady @DanRather…
Sad with the news that a longtime colleague at CBS News has died. Doug Sexton was a world class journalist. He was brave, steady, a reliable reporter and an excellent writer. RIP, dear friend Doug.
Prepare to pick your jaw up off the floor. All Star Games are best when they are about the pure joy of sport. Witness Tyler Williams of Modesto Christian High School. Sports, another example of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/aAzPmDdh3H
I guarantee you when future generations look back at the threats to the security of the United States, climate change (where Pres. Trump denies REALITY) will dwarf immigrants crossing the southern border (which Pres. Trump greatly exaggerates by stoking the politics of division).
It may not be surprising that the most vulnerable are suffering the most in Puerto Rico, but it SHOULD be unacceptable. #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/5PXrp1bCcf
RT @KshamaRosales: Beautifully written by @DanRather #WhatUnitesUs #RedForEd https://t.co/SbkEwG5G2f
RT @SXMPolitics: "Most people really don’t understand how the justice system works," @ShaunKing explained to @DanRather, adding how @RealJu…
Michigan gave it everything they had and deserve credit for that. But they suffered death by 3s from a great Villanova team.
It would now take a comeback of Biblical proportions for Michigan to overcome this deficit.
If you must go to work early you probably can go to bed now. Michigan’s chances against Nova are fading to black...
Another questionable call goes against Michigan. They can't catch a break and Villanova is playing super.
Michigan big man Wagner only thing standing between them and disaster. May be disaster anyway but, if not, Wagner will be the reason. #MarchMadness
Michigan played inspired for most of the half but wilted some near end. They're not doing 2 things they must to win: dominate rebounds and slow Wildcats scoring pace. These "Nova Cats can run - and run up the score in a hurry. Can Michigan tame them in the second half?
We're coming down to the half, and the 3-point arc seems to open up for Nova. These are the crunch minutes where a championship can be made, or slip away (but there's always the second half) #MarchMadness
Michigan fouls-2 on questionable calls- building up . If continues could be a factor with foul outs late in game
Michigan early strategy is to pound the ball inside,down low. Villanova’s is to drive hard to bucket (looking to open up for outside 3s)
In very early going Michigan playing inspired defense. Can they keep it up for the upset? #MarchMadness
#MarchMadness If—and only if—Michigan can rebound aplenty and play unusually strong defense against threes they have chance for upset. Look for those keys early. But remember Villanova usually good 2nd half team, known for making halftime adjustments.
If you want to live in the 19th century go ahead, but don’t drag the rest of us back there with you. Oh, and whatever happened to the dangers of federal overreach? Protecting the environment must be part of #WhatUnitesUs 		https://t.co/WuRXShcNWR
News anchors looking into camera and reading a script handed down by a corporate overlord, words meant to obscure the truth not elucidate it, isn't journalism. It's propaganda. It's Orwellian. A slippery slope to how despots wrest power, silence dissent, and oppress the masses.
Well trout season has opened on the Beaverkill River, and alas I couldn't get the fish to bite. But my son caught a nice brown one, a hopeful sign for spring despite snow on the ground and 30 degree temperatures in the air. Fishing with my son is, for me, part of #WhatUnitesUs
Last night's #JesusChristSuperstar on @NBC was impressive. Never saw the movie or musical but was fascinated by this live television production. Seems like I wasn't alone by the ratings numbers.
RT @pubhealthnerd: If I had the resources, I would buy &amp; deliver a copy of @DanRather ‘s #WhatUnitesUs to every household in America. Shoul…
When I go to a ballgame, I welcome the smells as well as the sounds and sights. I am not only in the moment but transported across the decades to the old Buff Stadium in Houston with my father. It is part of #WhatUnitesUs	https://t.co/IPzfXPygxV
Wishing all who celebrate a Happy Easter.
Of all the stories from the 1960s this one gets far too little attention. LBJ’s decision to not seek re-election 50 years ago was a momentous moment In our history, especially for those of us who lived through it. https://t.co/xSTaIrfcIY
There have always been questions of what might be lurking in President Trump's business dealings and tax returns - maybe nothing, maybe something, maybe several somethings. Multiple legal proceedings could pull back the curtain. 	https://t.co/J891Ca6uYB
RT @photobabe127: A perfect  convergence!!! #WhatUnitesUs @DanRather @Lin_Manuel @HamiltonMusical https://t.co/BipiQC4t2N
Happy Passover to all who celebrate. May this story of hope and redemption be an inspiration in these complicated times.
Congrats. Well deserved. And many years more. https://t.co/9dDWKRYndi
Sometime the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true... An uplifting story as we head into a holiday weekend. https://t.co/mNegOBCMMl
RT @nicktotin: The first book I checked out from the Dallas Public Library was @DanRather ‘s #WhatUnitesUs which now after making it throug…
Could be a big piece in the puzzle being built around collusion. https://t.co/EBFzoNuHKr
Thank you for the kind words and joining the conversation of #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/QrnRd5lu2X
In all the talk of Trump and Russia, Putin is often treated as a vague and enigmatic character. But he’s for real even if he seems almost like a villain from a James Bond movie.
RT @AXSTV: Where's our @ShaniaTwain fans? 		The country superstar is on the next episode of #TheBigInterview with @DanRather! 		Set Your DV…
RT @photobabe127: Current Book Club selection - what a MASTERPIECE @DanRather #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/ihVgBTzULe
RT @MotivatedGenY: “Empathy is not only a personal feeling; it can be a potent force for political and social change. And thus the suppress…
A life lived in service to her community and country.  Let us be reminded that one person can make a difference. RIP. https://t.co/kBAgyNINZk
RT @TheYoungTurks: Tonight on The News With @DanRather: Dan's discussion with some Parkland students and the #MarchforOurLives. Watch #LIVE…
Thank you for the kind words about #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/G6UvtzQW7S
Reading and enjoying Bryan Mealer’s book “The Kings of Big Spring,” a Texas setting but universal appeal...an epic.
With Mueller looking at everything from his finances to obstruction of justice, a legal team in crisis, and multiple lawsuits revealing a sordid personal life, Donald Trump has no shortage of categories of legal "jeopardy"- I'll take Russian mob real estate dealings for 400, Alex
RT @MBourjaily: As you educate yourself about candidates and issues, read Dan Rather's What Unites US. Read particularly his chapters on Em…
One has a sense that the Stormy Daniels interview tonight was but the first squalls of a gathering tempest.
There is no shortage of misguided statements in today’s America.  But Rick Santorum suggesting that kids learn CPR instead of calling for gun laws is in a category of its own.
The Jayhawks are headed to San Antonio. Duke had their chances but Kansas hit 3’s when they had to.  #MarchMadness2018
A tip of the Stetson to Texas Tech - they went deeper into the NCAAs than most outside of Lubbock thought they could.  #MarchMadness2018
Congratulations to Villanova. Most impressed with their defense and passing.  #MarchMadness
Thinking about Final Four: Loyola Chicago has shown they can win it all. May not, but they’re capable. #MarchMadness2018
Today, the future spoke. Cynicism and fear took a back seat to optimism and hope. Today those who've long been told that their voices didn't matter, who've been handled with sanctimonious neglect, sang in a unified chores - ignore us at your peril. #WhatUnitesUs
RT @JoannSarcinella: Love getting this kind of mail #WhatUnitesUs @DanRather https://t.co/t94qYUdQRI
The always thoughtful Dahlia Lithwick offers her perspective on the #MarchForOurLives. What is really genuine and what is scripted in today’s America? https://t.co/klfpVIIw8r
It's an honor to be part of the @KHOU family. Happy anniversary! And here's to another 65 years. https://t.co/LS90zk0B24
RT @SIRIUSXM: @DanRather talks to @Emma4Change, @davidhogg111, @cameron_kasky, @jaclyncorin &amp; @al3xw1nd about #March4OurLives https://t.co/…
Power is often in direct proportion to one's proximity to the President. While the Sec. of State and Sec. of Defense are prestige positions with a lot of power, the Nat. Sec. Advisor is often in the Oval Office and can be a much more influential player on issues of war and peace.
If you think going into Iraq was a good idea, and if you still think it was a resounding success, then John Bolton is your guy as the National Security Advisor.
RT @missedkitty: Just finished #WhatUnitesUs by @DanRather . As a person who has been struggling with the negative news around American ide…
RT @FGreul: That's my first and last book recommendation @DanRather #WhatUnitesUs #KennethWhatsthefrequency https://t.co/mWBcxAObgE
We were told that the "grownups" in the Trump Administration would hold the President's worst instincts in check. But what happens when "grownups" are shown the door and replaced by people not exactly known for impulse control? McMaster out. Bolton in is a worrisome development.
RT @CapehartJ: .@danrather “History is going to judge, very harshly, those Republicans who continue to, by their silence, acquiesce in the…
In the midst of all the news, we cannot forget all the ongoing struggles of Puerto Rico. For so many who live there it is still a crisis - 6 months aver the hurricanes. #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/zu77hCkGW0
For all the talk of Facebook and the 2016 election - and they have a lot to answer for - I agree that traditional media, especially television, helped pave the way for the Trump Presidency. A lot of provocative thoughts from Ross Douthat. @DouthatNYT		https://t.co/tCsrKBpI1j
RT @cmtomblinson: Let us always, always try to do better. 		“We are a nation not only of dreamers, but also of fixers. We have looked at ou…
The role of Fox News in inciting, provoking, and manipulating our current political environment will be the topic of many future historians. The network drives Trump's agenda and its stars do his bidding in gaslighting America.	https://t.co/tKnOqXE1r1
Tonight’s Austin ‘incendiary device” explosion following recent bombings increases edginess, worry. City's reputation for steadiness —it’s tradition for staying calm, collected and untied is being tested. I have confidence in these Texans; they've no history of being panic-prone
Looking forward to interviewing @johnmellencamp tomorrow for "The Big Interview" @AXSTV
Just finished @neiltyson's book, "Astrophysics for People in a Hurry". Excellent all the way through. Last chapter, "Reflections on the Cosmic Perspective," especially good.
Tonight! Watch my conversation with prominent rock musician @RobertPlant  on the season premiere of #TheBigInterview on @AXSTV . Set your DVR here: https://t.co/0gXJdD4vLI https://t.co/iswKMUaJAn
Enjoyed and learned from interview today with California Dem Rep. @tedlieu on my @RadioAndySXM radio program #DanRathersAmerica
RT @SharonFrazier9: I just finished reading #WhatUnitesUs.  It was an anecdote for cynicism.  I am, by nature, a positive person.  However,…
RT @Dpmandelbaum: @DanRather The press' "job is to ask Q's and if answers are unsatisfactory its our responsibility to follow up with more…
RT @HISTORY: On #ThisDayinHistory 2003, America invaded Iraq. Did we expect that 15 years later, we would still have American troops fighti…
Austin, TX is a great American city. I call it home, as do many friends and family. Now it is in a state of fear, as a deadly serial bomber has struck again. The innocent victims and their loved ones are in my thoughts. I pray that law enforcement can find the perpetrator(s) soon
Today marks the 15th anniversary of the start of the Iraq War. I worry that the chaos of the present administration is causing us to forget the folly of the recent past. #History has much to teach us. My thoughts on this sober milestone...	https://t.co/6heSsawbl9
RT @TheYoungTurks: Coming up on The News with @DanRather LIVE at 5:30pm eastern at https://t.co/IfK8rSAd2c Toys R Us is closing 800 stores.…
Some more of my extended thoughts on President Trump's tweetstorm over the weekend...	https://t.co/xqPjztJay7
Trump’s tweets directly attacking Mueller are front page news, and for good reason. He is testing the waters of a constitutional crisis and seeing how Republicans will respond. Could he get away with it? Messages mixed so far.	https://t.co/8Ao2c5MPnr
Aggie Nation was once steeped in gridiron lore, but after rout of UNC, the hardwood is becoming a field of dreams for Texas A&amp;M. They could go far. #MarchMadness
Congratulations to Syracuse holding on for win over Michigan State. Didn't believe they deserved to be in tournament but since getting in they have played well. Sweet 16 it is. #MarchMadness
RT @marr_ellen: Dan Rather’s #WhatUnitesUs sums it up. https://t.co/sIBvyHLxbi
"The lady doth protest too much, methinks" - a sentiment not limited to Hamlet. It also holds true for presidential twitter feeds.
Congratulations to a fighting,talented. Loyola of Chigago team that beat a good Tennessee five and one of the country''s best coaches with a last seconds shot. #MarchMadness
RT @trials4now: When we cultivate these instincts, we soar. 	When we sow seeds of division, hatred &amp; small mindedness, we falter.		Our coun…
Happy #StPatricksDay. When we can all don green and be Irish for a day, let us remember that we are a nation of so many immigrants, from around the globe. Our nation is at its best when we revel in our common humanity rather than in creating walls of division. #WhatUnitesUs
Do they make glass slippers this big? UMBC carved their program on the Mt. Rushmore of Cinderella stories. I've never seen this much shock and awe on the hardwood. I watched every minute. Whenever you hear, "we can't", tell them UMBC. #MarchMadness
If you’re not watching the UMBC Virginia game, you are missing the biggest Cinderella story since, well, Cinderella #MarchMadness
RT @Writer_Chick1: Anyone who loves America, and like me, is hopeful and optimistic about its future, needs to read #WhatUnitesUs. Just say…
The definition of short sightedness? https://t.co/PeqLrPnQVY
And Marshall for the upset. Happy to admit when I miss a call. And happy to take credit when I get it right, like this one. #marchmadness
A trailblazer. May she Rest In Peace. https://t.co/ahyJlw4Xg7
This story is far from over. I am glad to see journalists and outlets devoting time and energy to covering it. We must #RememberPuertoRico https://t.co/4R9TQqCXd2
Houston slips by potent San Diego State. My mind wanders back - 1950s - I supplement meager news pay moonlighting as "Voice of the Cougars" radio play-by-play man. Was pretty good too, if I say so myself (have to since few others ever did.) Ah,those were the days #MarchMadness
"By a lie a man throws away and, as it were, annihilates his dignity as a man. A man who himself does not believe what he tells another … has even less worth than if he were a mere thing. … makes himself a mere deceptive appearance of man, not man himself." - Immanuel Kant
Upset minded Davidson might have a better chance against Kentucky than most people think. (Davidson can't match Kentucky's sheer talent and athletic ability, but Kentucky is very young; Davidson is heavy with veterans and their coach is crafty tactician) #MarchMadness
Well, one possible upset choice did not disappoint. Loyola-Chicago beats favored Miami with last-second heroics. A Cinderella dances...
Ok I was wrong about Penn. It was close for a while but Kansas beat them handily. So much for my "blue plate special" for an upset. Oh well, at least I am owning up to it, I suppose. #MarchMadness
President Trump admitted that he just made stuff up in a meeting with the Canadian Prime Minister (an ally of the United States). And the U.S. also hits Russia (a foe) with sanctions for election interference - which Trump has often called a hoax. Welcome to the real world.
A tragic breaking news story out of Florida. We will need answers for what happened, but now we must hope the first responders can do whatever they can for the victims. 	https://t.co/MFHhIB0PxT
Right now we can only see the breadcrumbs. But the Mueller investigation might be looking for one heck of a loaf. 	https://t.co/J8tYUbSQhx
A novel approach to telling the stories of Puerto Rico, and a reminder that there are so many stories to tell. Kudos to all involved. @lionforge #RememberPuertoRico 	https://t.co/GufrZN240I
#History can provide context for our present age. @HISTORY https://t.co/SMolKPhULt
I have seen social movements for change - the Civil Rights Movement, protests over the Vietnam War, the fall  of communism in Europe, apartheid in South Africa. This is often how a new reality begins. https://t.co/RTspcFTkVf
RT @eternloptimist: Hi @DanRather!! I'm currently in the middle of #WhatUnitesUs and I'm thoroughly enjoying every page. Just wanted to say…
Our world has lost a shining light. Stephen Hawking defied expectation. Blessed with a brilliant mind and uncommon grace, he opened so many minds to the wonders of our universe. Courageous and unbowed by adversity, he believed deeply in the power reason. May he rest in peace.
Tonight! Watch my conversation with prominent rock musician @RobertPlant  on the season premiere of #TheBigInterview on @AXSTV . Set your DVR here: https://t.co/0gXJdD4vLI
RT @finnsmom428: @DanRather the nor’easter today is a perfect reason to start #WhatUnitesUs #snowday #stormskylar
You heard it here first. Dan Rather's NCAA blue-plate specials. Penn upsets Kansas. Marshall upsets Wichita St.
RT @MadisonGlimp: Wrapped up #WhatUnitesUs by @DanRather this evening. This quote from Elie Wiesel feels unfortunately poignant at present,…
House GOP finds no evidence of collusion or Russian preference for Trump? One Congressman even said only a spy novelist "could take this series of inadvertent contacts... and weave that into some sort of a fiction, page turner spy thriller.” Or maybe a Special Counsel could too?
RT @MollyIvinsFilm: Thanks Dan, for doing your best to keep us clear about what's going on! "President Backtrack has done his usual dance.…
RT @TheYoungTurks: On The News w/ @DanRather tonight more Dems are working to help banks undo the rules put in place after the mortgage cri…
Thank you for the kind words about #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/bW6ScbFe40
NCAA leaves out St. Mary's and Mid Tenn while putting in AZ State and Oklahoma. A mistake, and frankly outrageous IMHO. One things that's always made #marchmadness so interesting has been its diversity. Small, mid sized schools as well as the big boys. Not as much fun.
Thanks for noticing but I think most were just asking for directions to the restrooms. https://t.co/xTKbod5UgL
Tonight Pres. Trump once again stoked a crowd with a barrage of lies and incendiary rhetoric -far below the bar of any president of recent memory. Every such statement is outrageous, but sadly predictable. The news must lie in all those who continue to normalize such behavior.
The rule of law must be part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/AVKGpgg3lK
RT @rsvpster: .@wkamaubell &amp; @DanRather taken today at #SXSW at a private @NewsandGuts “coffee and conversation with @DanRather” event at J…
RT @CapehartJ: .@danrather “I'm absolutely convinced that while this is a very anxious time, and in many ways, a perilous time for the coun…
The story of Puerto Rico is not only one of destruction and misery. It is about resilience and ingenuity, hard work and hope. And not surprisingly, much of that leadership is coming from women, as this inspiring feature in @voguemagazine makes clear. https://t.co/tNgPRWt7iq
RT @EdelmanPR: We're excited to talk all things #TrustBarometer with @jessclifton, @danrather and @heatherjbrunner of @wpengine at #SXSW –…
Really proud of the reporting my team is doing @NewsandGuts. They headed to border and came back with a nuanced story of desperation, violence and our common humanity. I hope you take the time to watch, reflect, and join the discussion here: https://t.co/9O2GtuSnQq
RT @ScottRogowsky: A handful of tickets remain for Monday’s @RunningLateShow wth @DanRather @michaelianblack @sunny @roywoodjr at @Gramercy…
Words matter. And President Trump should know that the term "globalist" is a dog-whistle for antisemitism. Ignorance, real or feigned, is not an excuse for a President, especially one with a track record like Mr. Trump.
RT @AXSTV: Rock legend @RobertPlant is on the season premiere of #TheBigInterview with @DanRather​! Tune in March 13 at 9/8c. 		You can set…
Can you find the Seychelles on a map? Robert Mueller and his team certainly seem to be putting this archipelago in the Indian Ocean on the map of what appears to be their escalating Russia investigation. 	https://t.co/v4yFfaDwEi
The West Virginia teacher's strike (now with the precedent of a successful raise for teachers in a deep red state) may turn out to be a bigger story than how it's been covered in much of the press. I do believe education must be part of #WhatUnitesus https://t.co/HepsdJCsZz
RT @amandachiampi: Looking forward to picking up @DanRather's new book after this semester. #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/3PcYMTAKiA
I found myself this morning thinking about teams and teamwork. https://t.co/T2px8LAj4o
RT @CJWilkens: #goodreads #danrather #WhatUnitesUs #SundayMorning https://t.co/kGoQ4PYSJx
The story of Puerto Rico defies the short-lived spotlight of news cycles. It is a story that needs to be told, for it is ongoing... and appalling. #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/TQJ8zP58S1
RT @College_Promise: The @FailStateMovie screening is getting started now with an introduction from legendary journalist, @DanRather. @SXSW…
Few spectacles are more striking than when the Texas Hill Country is awash in the purple hue of wild flowers. Now the question is whether the state's voting hue is trending purple as well. That would be quite a striking development on the nation's political landscape.
It's primary day in Texas, and it's getting a lot more attention than usual...	https://t.co/vjcfjpYgCl
RT @angrylibrarian1: I could tear out each page of @DanRather's book What Unites Us, throw a dart and whichever page it hit would be chock…
RT @tigger16066: @DanRather Really looking forward to reading this. https://t.co/ZbVSnbxaKO
Don't miss The News with @DanRather LIVE Mondays at 5:30pm eastern at https://t.co/ZeSyWZWPUv
It’s @sxsw week! Can’t wait to see you in Austin. Be sure to check out the panel I’m speaking on Friday 3/9: "SXSW Report on Trust: Gov’t, Tech &amp; Media". In the meantime, I’ve got one last question for you:  https://t.co/WuOItIZUCY
May we never lose the capacity to dream. An inspiring story and a reminder of how science can fill all of us with awe... and wonder. https://t.co/I0Up7AzrTv
Remembering the legendary Roger Bannister, RIP. "May we honor his legacy by always pushing ourselves to be better, no matter where we are in the race of life."	https://t.co/WRfS2b8PhA
Donald Trump speaks warmly of dictators and muses on the benefits of being "president for life." George Washington, for one, saw the wisdom of our republic following a different course, called democracy.
EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, in his own words (from the past), weighs in on many topics.	https://t.co/sSRFos19Sf
RT @linwoodbeth: Just read #WhatUnitesUs; it was a balm in these upsetting times. Rather’s reflections on patriotism remind me about my fee…
Good context and perspective on a story that deserves more national attention - the teacher strike in West Virginia. @voxdotcom https://t.co/Lyx5ES0ZDD
An interesting new voice to watch in a fast-changing media world...@pfpicardi https://t.co/xDTJclUk8f
Putting together the pieces - and following the money - around Jared Kushner. What might Mueller and his team find out (or already know)? Many other questions remain unanswered. But something very big may be taking shape. 	https://t.co/zmzux66DXi
#Steady leadership must be part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/iY6KwB8DHy
RT @MartinRather: Looking forward to Mar. 12 with @ScottRogowsky and @DanRather to crack some jokes and discuss our family’s @hqtrivia fun.…
RT @Cuddlefudge: What Unites Us should be read by every American, everywhere. Rather's reflections are the marrow of what it means to be an…
Walmart raises age of gun purchases to 21 - and goes further.... “We are also removing items from our website resembling assault-style rifles, including nonlethal airsoft guns and toys.”  https://t.co/PJAinxll2h
Another decision on guns by corporate America...	https://t.co/1ehgdLl6E3
RT @Tim__Brooks: Wow - Phenomenal read written by @DanRather @wuu_america. I will certainly be reading again. Poignant history and hopeful…
RT @TomTomFest: Individual tickets to see @DanRather may be sold out - but you can still see his talk with @Slate Senior Editor Dahlia Lith…
It's an outrage that hundreds of thousands of American citizens in Puerto Rico are STILL without power. And now it seems that the chance that the lights will come on for many of these people is nowhere in sight. #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/ietwjlDJBx.
RT @KristenLByrne: “Service to our country is about not only helping us &amp; ours, but also taking care of others around the 🌍.” 🇺🇸✌🏽 Thanks @…
RT @KristenLByrne: “Science is much more than the accumulation of facts; it is about the willingness to reevaluate our assumptions in the f…
RT @americanway1992: New adding to my library.	Today it's a such beautiful and patriotic day. 😊 Thank you, @DanRather @AlgonquinBooks #book…
The pressure on corporate America to cut ties to the NRA is increasing... https://t.co/qiuDWIjmND
Thank you. I take a lot of pride in #WhatUnitesUs and appreciate the feedback. https://t.co/CCskL5OREF
What is the hold up (red flags?) in Jared Kushner's security clearance? Is it the result of a standard vetting or linked to Mueller's Russia investigation? Many big questions... few answers, for now.	https://t.co/xeCyNG7D3w
Those who subvert the will of the majority make it seem like your voices will never be heard, like your votes don't count, like your values are outside of the norm of American patriotism Don't believe it. Cynicism and intimidation are ways the weak make themselves seem strong.
It's a "tale of the tape" between Mueller and Trump. Two men, born into privilege, who have taken very different life courses. 	https://t.co/p2IHBFUeIO
What do we know about obesity and health? Research out of India is changing the way scientsts understand type 2 diabetes. It's a fascinating story, and a great short science film we produced that's worth watching. #ScienceMatters	https://t.co/GOgbM7tH8q
Provocative read from doctor who treated Florida victims: "I have a duty to inform the public...It’s clear to me that AR-15 or other high-velocity weapons, especially when outfitted with a high-capacity magazine, have no place in a civilian’s gun cabinet." https://t.co/lUL942GkGh
We can debate guns. But to all those who mock or lie about the students of Douglas High, to all those who rain vitriol down on the nascent activism of students across the nation, to all those who spread outrageous conspiracy theories, there is no place for you in civil society.
The voice of a child is often a clarion call to action. In their purity lies passion and courage. They are our future. And when they roar, they will be heard and shake the political status quo of our nation.
Is the simplest explanation for President Trump's behavior and rhetoric around the Russia investigation that he has something serious to hide?	https://t.co/SDWG7fX92F
RT @QueensDiana: My royals were so excited to meet the legendary Broadcast Journalist Dan Rather. You guys did great! #DanRather #WhatUnite…
Sometimes a simple drawing with a powerful message can channel a flood of emotion. 	https://t.co/mzClLgazu8
Condolences to family of the Reverend Doctor Billy Graham. The great preacher and pastor has died, leaving a legacy of being one of the most influential Americans of his time.
RT @ginger_bruner: @AlgonquinBooks @DanRather I love this book! Dan Rather &amp; Elliot Kirschner did an amazing job writing it! I highly recom…
It was a pleasure talking with @msuster at the #UpfrontSummit about #WhatUnitesUs. He understands the problems facing the nation and agrees that technology can play an important role in bringing people together. Please read his take on our discussion. https://t.co/8CqoIVr7Gk
A reprieve? The deaths of 17 Americans in a school shooting? One of the most outrageous quotes I have ever heard out of a White House.	https://t.co/srAqfTLp3Y
RT @BigSkyDocFest: FAIL STATE reveals the dark story behind the rise of predatory for-profit colleges &amp; how a cabal of politicians &amp; unscru…
RT @timreckmeyer: On this #PresidentsDay it was the perfect time to pound through @DanRather and Elliot Kirschner's book and learn their pe…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: On this #PresidentsDay we find ourselves thinking about #WhatUnitesUs - both the sentiment and the book by @DanRather a…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: On this #PresidentsDay, thoughts from @DanRather #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/rYsNctKQV6 https://t.co/uTTOOVhzip
American troops are on deployments around the globe. It is an issue that we should be considering and debating.  Please take the time to read this important article. 	https://t.co/1Rq936PP08
The United States was attacked by a foreign power. Yesterday's indictments should make that abundantly clear to everyone (as if it wasn't already). What will the man who took an oath to "preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States" do about it?
It is always a pleasure talking to budding young journalists. A free press must be part of #WhatUnitesUs and it is inspiring to see future generations take up the cause. https://t.co/u21ixv9BoY
RT @neiltyson: Evidence collected over many years, obtained from many locations, indicates that the power of Prayer is insufficient to stop…
RT @MartinRather: #Theunderreported is back! It's a national news show led by young journalists from across the country. Check out this wee…
RT @BSD_Tech_Pep: @BeavertonHigh‘s very own @mrhohnbaum getting @DanRather to sign #WhatUnitesUs at #NCCE18 #fanboymoment https://t.co/Yfkm…
RT @Cuddlefudge: What Unites Us should be read by every American, everywhere. Rather's reflections are the marrow of what it means to be a…
RT @mrhohnbaum: Excited to meet @DanRather and get the @BeavertonHigh copy of #WhatUnitesUs signed! https://t.co/g5qVuEg4Gw
Thanks for the nice review. #WhatUnitesUs	https://t.co/lSMQeJX5fG
"He was my North, my South, my East and West/ My working week and my Sunday rest/ My noon, my midnight, my talk, my song/ I thought that love would last forever: I was wrong." A poem by WH Auden to channel the sadness. 	https://t.co/YLm9WSodY5
RT @simo_popa: Better than Swiss chocolate! A splendid gift from my kid, for Valentine's day in Switzerland. Empathy, humility, understandi…
I'm going to be in Austin at SXSW (March 9) for a session about trust in gov, tech, and media. It's in partnership with the Edelman PR group and it would be a help to us if you could take a few minutes to fill out this survey: https://t.co/yJDYJbunEi?
Another school shooting. Multiple casualties reported. Situation still fluid. But can we at least acknowledge that this is a particularly American crisis? Can we all agree that this should not be normal?
Excited for another season of The Big Interview. I think you will find these artists interesting, surprising, and inspiring. #TheBigInterview #TBI https://t.co/9dhZFgC218
This story gave me pause, and touched my heart. It's a reminder that there is so much to the complexities, hopes and sadnesses of life that have nothing to do with politics. #WhatUnitesUs.	https://t.co/K5vhfHXW2o
The headlines for the White House on the Rob Porter scandal keep getting worse, and the list of questions that demand truthful answers keeps getting longer. 	https://t.co/PINiLQ9v5d
RT @RadioAndySXM: Get dialed in to today’s @DanRather’s America, coming up @larrywilmore sits down with us! https://t.co/K2HzwgKNpg
RT @ThatMathLady: Thank you for this historical reminder, @DanRather We have a lot of repairing to get done. #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/KNj…
The Rob Porter wife beating scandal that has the White House under siege is a heat-seeking missile to the heart of many of President Trump's biggest fears and vulnerabilities.	https://t.co/GPuMpGLScB
The Russia story takes a dramatic new late Friday twist. I expect this reporting will go in interesting directions. We need a bipartisan commitment to take this stuff seriously. https://t.co/XtfdbQaoPM
Please read and share so that the truth can begin to make a stand.	https://t.co/7HgnikuH2E
RT @Marcella555: @TheView You May have already tried or do have him booked, but PLEASE ask Mr. Rather to join you - esp on Guy Day Friday s…
HYPOCRITE, n. One who, professing virtues that he does not respect, secures the advantage of seeming to be what he despises. - Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary
Family values and budget austerity were the longstanding rallying cries for the GOP. Now such arguments need to come with a footnote - hypocrisy.	https://t.co/6pNLLzI9sK
RT @amour_de_porc: Thank you @DanRather,  for your book #WhatUnitesUs. It shows what we were and what we can be again, and you're welcome a…
Few sights inspire more awe than standing amidst the redwoods and looking up. Can #science save these mighty trees from climate change? I sure hope so. 	https://t.co/VFts1bj3Gp
SOBERING and THOROUGH analysis. Take the time to read the article, and think about the unthinkable. 	https://t.co/UDXIhiGIDq
For those in NYC this evening, I will be talking about #WhatUnitesUs at Temple Emanu-El (tickets still available) Hope to see you there. 7PM	https://t.co/bAHa7Y4NOL
RT @BCSpeakerSeries: Dan Rather, renowned journalist and author of #WhatUnitesUs: Reflections On #Patriotism, will join us at @browardcente…
Provocative analysis about the rules, hurdles, and norms around the RIGHT TO VOTE. The battle to determine who and how we go to the polls takes on ever higher stakes as we head into 2018. The #RightToVote must be part of #WhatUnitesUs	https://t.co/hhTGL9Jury
Military Parades are not participation trophies you get for being President. We've had them. When we won wars. Now Americans are still serving in harm's way around the globe (including America's longest war - Afghanistan). There is no Mission Accomplished, except stroking an ego.
RT @mbagshaw68: Suggesting everyone read #whatunitesus by @DanRather. This is really what made America great and is a path to understanding…
RT @robertfranek: To suppress the vote is to make a mockery of democracy. And those who do so are essentially acknowledging that their poli…
RT @moefeliu: Today it's been FIVE MONTHS since my father in #PuertoRico has had power. FIVE MONTHS. 153 days. #HuracanMaria #HuracanIrma
So many questions about what happened and continues to happen in Puerto Rico. We need investigative reporting and government accountability. The lives of American citizens hang in the balance. #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/9uCt2aSHQK
"The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little." - President Franklin Roosevelt (2nd Inaugural Address) This should be #Whatunitesus
RT @jessfox81: Dan Rather continues to tell it how it is.  #whatunitesus https://t.co/XltNinkRMP
RT @RadioAndySXM: Coming up on today’s @DanRather’s America the President of the Council on Foreign Relations @RichardHaass https://t.co/qq…
One of the most exciting Super Bowl’s I’ve ever seen. Start to finish. Great play on both sides. Brady was teed up for another miracle, but alas… Congrats Philadelphia for a championship that was long overdue.
Please pass the defibrillator. This game too much...
Brady time. Pats doing what they do. Philly defense shows signs of tiring. Can Eagles offense answer?	Nearing cardiac arrest time for Eagles fans. But...but their team still in it...still with slim chance
Eagles respond, but only with FG. Gives Pats opening to take lead and get momentum shift. Much depends now on whether Eagles defensive line can muster real pressure on Brady. If not, probably heartbreak for them
Question of the night: Will Patriots own the fourth quarter (as they usually do)? Or not?
Pats score. Now, again, critical Eagles able to respond with score. Otherwise momentum and lead can shift to Pats
Eagles respond with TD. If they win-still big if—this will have been one of decisive times
As they generally do Patriots score right after half. Now critical for Eagles to answer quickly...will be one of key times of game
Eagles may or may not win the game but they just pulled off one of the all time great trick plays to score before half
Patriots defense looks vulnerable to screen passes to me. Look for some and see if Philly coaches agree
Although Eagles offense looking good, unless their defensive line starts getting more pressure on Brady...well we'll see
Keys to #SuperBowl: Patriots favored. Eagles can upset if running game &amp; QB (former TX high school star) get hot. Important times in game: first few minutes at start, before &amp; after halftime, &amp; before the end. If Patriots score in these times -a likely win. If not, underdog's day
A fun (and surprising) little walk through all things avocado - just in time for your Super Bowl guacamole. 	https://t.co/Gv5NsQT9fA
I learned long ago never to bet against Belichick and Brady and don't advise anyone else to. But I do believe the Eagles can win if they get their running game going.
With the release of the memo, the goal of the White House and its willing enablers is to make what is really the truth into a forgettable sidebar.	https://t.co/DuyeFLE44H
RT @QueensUniv: Due to overwhelming demand for tickets to An Evening w/ @DanRather on Feb 20 at 7 pm, and in order to support our mission o…
RT @nsuri20: There are so many beautiful quotes from @DanRather’s latest book “What Unites Us”, but I will just leave you with these two fa…
RT @KitsapIAC: “Patriotism is rooted in humility. Nationalism is rooted in arrogance.” Thank you for the powerful words in a time that we n…
Happy Birthday Langston Hughes - as if you need an excuse to celebrate his poetry. We're featuring "Democracy" for our #Verseday. "Democracy will not come/ Today, this year/ Nor ever/ Through compromise and fear..." Read the rest. #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/HFPPcONfyc
RT @CurtisNall: Just finished reading #WhatUnitesUs by @DanRather ... A thought provoking, stirring, and empowering read. Thank you Mr. Rat…
Outrage can lead to results. It’s nice to know that FEMA (now) recognizes that there was no mission accomplished. #RememberPuertoRico
RT @GamingTheory: “And a free and independent press is essential for bringing dissenting opinions to the national conversation.” Pt 2/2 #qu…
RT @GamingTheory: “Free speech must be protected so that we can hear from those who challenge our beliefs...” pt 1/2
Somehow powering a 21st century world on 19th century energy seems like going in the wrong direction. And most of the rest of the world agrees. https://t.co/lcgj3NEFkd
A showdown in Washington https://t.co/1MwjTIa3Ck
RT @realAnneYale: Interesting chapter on the role of dissent in a democracy in #WhatUnitesUs How do we judge the worthiness of those opinio…
A proud grandfather... https://t.co/cUQJl3kK40
RT @whitless410: “Patriotism is rooted in humility. Nationalism is rooted in arrogance.” Thank you for the powerful words in a time that we…
It’s nice to sit down with a political leader who understands that freedom of the press is a big part of #WhatUnitesUs. Thank you @JohnKasich https://t.co/MR8OKc1MhC
I debated whether to post about SOTU. But I figured if I took the time to watch, I might as well say something. The most memorable thing about the speech is that it will probably soon be forgotten. More thoughts here: https://t.co/mR6WgqkurS
Did you hear the story about the birds, I mean the elephants and the bees?	https://t.co/O5WHCCoSl9
RT @GetFitwithWitt: Just finished reading @DanRather 's book "What Unites us". As we look back on the past year of of a Presidency that is…
In my line of work I’ve come across many people with something to hide. And I have found, generally, that those who lash out the most are usually those who are most afraid about having the truth revealed.
Spot on pre-speech State of the Union analysis about what may be expected of the post-speech analysis. @michelleinbklyn https://t.co/cFjOhwsDQp
The American ideal: Policy forged through open debate in a “marketplace of ideas.” - America today: Reason and Truth fighting for survival in a “cage match of lies.”
The crisis continues (even if the new cycle has largely left it far behind). Kudos to all those journalists and publications who know that as Americans we must all #RememberPuertoRico https://t.co/bahYuS5y5s
A timely reminder that #science and #immigration must be part of #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/ABR25MEHPM
Seems like this could be big news considering the players and stated mission. https://t.co/kyEskzT2Hr
RT @ejginter1282: I didn’t finish this so I checked it out again for my library’s reading program. @DanRather is one of those people I can…
RT @TheYoungTurks: The News With @DanRather 01/29/18 - Ep. 002 https://t.co/1IOi0TtTSz
@realAnneYale Thank you for the kind words. We would love to hear your thoughts about the book as you make your way through it. If you use #WhatUnitesUs, it can help us track future posts.
@STWBYF4 Thank you for the kind words and joining the conversation of #WhatUnitesUs
RT @STWBYF4: both my mom (91) and i finished @DanRather 's "What United Us"- it's beautifully argued and beautifully said.  make sure to ta…
RT @realAnneYale: Just started reading "What Unites Us" by @DanRather. Just 3 pages in to the Preface and already crying. Beautiful work!
Always nice to scan the headlines and come across something that makes you think “Wow. That’s cool...” often it seems to be #science https://t.co/UWECkltHu6
RT @TomTomFest: Tom Tom Keynote Speaker @DanRather founded @NewsandGuts in 2015 after a decades long career as a pioneering broadcast journ…
RT @LPNB_reviews: “The role of dissent is to force all of us to question our dogmas and biases. It is to stretch the spectrum of discourse.…
As I wrote in #WhatUnitesUs "we are a species of migrations, and always have been." Something science is trying to understand, and an important reminder in our current debates over immigration. 	https://t.co/Q5Z6CKaP0v
Been watching the @TheGRAMMY2018 and for me Elton John has been a highlight. In my mind, he lights up any stage he's on. What have been some of your highlights? @eltonofficial
As much attention as Steph Curry gets, his stock amongst some "serious" basketball analysts seems to have dropped a bit of late. They should watch the replay from tonight. He's clutch, cool under pressure, and playing a game we haven't seen before.  @StephenCurry30
#Celticsvswarriors is living up the billing. Can still catch the end if you tune in now. Are you watching?
If you don't know the name Shirley Chisholm, it's worth knowing. And all of us could afford a bit of a refresher course. May I suggest pausing and reading this article. 	https://t.co/4CqwLjTRMh
The science underfoot (and wheel) is pretty important. Especially when we consider climate change. https://t.co/CAWfYJS7uy
RT @dish: From Dolly Parton to Kid Rock to Sammy Hagar, catch up on all things #TheBigInterview with @DanRather on @AXSTV (ch 167) today in…
RT @AXSTV: Geddy Lee of @rushtheband was destined for guitar greatness. #TheBigInterview #Marathon @DanRather https://t.co/yzRdsosuml
I wonder as well about the cost and value of the nanosecond news cycle. https://t.co/BFhKMi4U50
RT @Olivia_Kuhns: "By reading books, we can continually challenge our own biases and learn beyond our level of formal education. These are…
RT @DiversityFirst: Thank you to our Board Of Directors for all their support! Our #journeyto10 would not have been possible without them!…
It was fun to appear in this sketch... Thanks @FullFrontalSamB https://t.co/dfAEMOv7Jy
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Watch what happened last night - @DanRather and @Andy Cohen talking about #WhatUnitesUs at @92Y: https://t.co/qvnOL9auG…
Listen folks, #SCIENCE IS NATIONAL SECURITY. Period. End of story. You can't say you care about the health and safety of this country (let alone the planet) and be anti-science. Not buying it. Never will. 	https://t.co/8N6uRd54dC
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Watch what happened last night - @DanRather and @Andy Cohen talking about #WhatUnitesUs at @92Y: https://t.co/qvnOL9auG…
Sometimes the destiny of the future is more powerful than the whims of a President... Clean energy must be part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/ZrH0XkdTxI
If you're not aware of this growing furor in the conservative political and media worlds, this is a good explainer courtesy of @Vox	https://t.co/dxYsumSD3R
IMHO - telling millions of women "you don't know what you're talking about" may not to be a winning strategy.	https://t.co/933AIOJFXI
Congratulations @SenDuckworth, a trailblazer in many ways. 	https://t.co/MY3CaDjlCv
RT @JodySays: “We cannot let the forces of suppression win.” Another great line from @DanRather’s new book #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/Xnr2u…
RT @92Y: Watch live now! @DanRather discusses #WhatUnitesUs with @Andy Cohen. https://t.co/gFMU6jODlG
@siloamjim Thank you for joining the discussion.
"No man is above the law and no man is below it; nor do we ask any man's permission when we require him to obey it. Obedience to the law is demanded as a right; not asked as a favor." - Theodore Roosevelt. https://t.co/FWU5ua9a2U
RT @goodkarmadude: Second book of the year. @DanRather ‘s book of wonderful vignettes of the strengths this country has. Simple but based i…
The word of the day is #murmuration - as in a flock of starlings. Seeing them in action - as in this amazing video from Ireland - is mesmerizing and a respite from the news of the day. Take time to watch and read, you won't be disappointed. 	https://t.co/eC4iimHEj3
RT @AXSTV: Don't miss @DanRather with @TheDoobieBros   TONIGHT at 9/8c. #TheBigInterview https://t.co/Lx74OjUyQZ
RT @RadioAndySXM: Missed @DanRather with @Andy &amp; @iamsambee? Catch him now LIVE with #DanRathersAmerica https://t.co/349doq5bXC
Need a break from the news cycle? The wonders of the natural world never cease to amaze and fill me with awe #Science https://t.co/Bck2VI9wTu
RT @Bravotv: It's #WWHL with @iamsambee &amp; @DanRather, NOW!
A potent symbol of what we can accomplish when we work together in a spirit of #inclusion. #RIP Naomi Parker Fraley. #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/DY9oHj8BrT
It's me and Samantha Bee (hey that rhymes) - oh and my friend Andy Cohen, tonight on Watch What Happens Live - 11E on Bravo @BravoWWHL, @iamsambee @Andy https://t.co/36UR4snrnR
On Shutdown Deal - much early analysis was "Democrats Cave" - the always worth reading @ezraklein says not so fast... https://t.co/9UGPWaR4I4
@HelenConnorBOS Thank you.
“They say in the Army that you never leave a soldier behind and we can’t leave these Americans behind.” #Service is part of #whatunitesus. #RememberPuertoRico 	https://t.co/m1z45FJ2gu
RT @BNBuzz: We are excited to welcome @DanRather to @BNEastchester on Thu., 1/25 at 7 PM for a discussion on his new book, WHAT UNITES US.…
Excited to be going live tomorrow with my new venture - a weekly news show on @TheYoungTurks  5:30 pm Eastern (Although in the digital age, you can watch it even if you miss it).	  https://t.co/Zkmbdlgt5e …
From the famous... to the forgotten... to everybody in between.... so much loss. So much sadness. So much need for help. Why isn’t this opioid crisis galvanizing our political leadership into action?	https://t.co/3kTf3x8EfS
RT @john30rock: "Familiarity is a necessary ingredient for acceptance." -@DanRather #WhatUnitesUs
Remember these are American citizens. #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/8QV3SPKBuJ
RT @run4dunn: I will not lose hope in the goodness and moral conviction of most people, especially in challenging times. #WhatUnitesUs http…
RT @DFWJO: "We need elected officials who represent wide swaths of our population, not gerrymandered silos." Dan Rather #WhatUnitesUs  #Fai…
For all the heated rhetoric coming out of Washington, a vital reminder that a heating planet is a story being overlooked at great peril. https://t.co/rbximdxp9E
“The Post” not only is superb entertainment, it’s an important film for citizens everywhere—of all political persuasions—to see and contemplate, especially at this time in our history
Movie review: “The Post” is terrific. 5 stars plus. Movies don’t get any better than this.  Deserves to sweep the Oscars.	I was skeptical before seeing it, but it exceeded my expectations and even my hopes.
RT @RipleyWriting: @DanRather I have been moved to tears multiple times while reading #whatunitesus. Thank you for writing such an importan…
@RipleyWriting Thank you for the kind words. Please let us know what you hear from your students. And thank you for your service.
This shutdown was born out of a cynical calculus from those who seek to maximize their own advantage, achieve their own ends, the rest of the country be damned. https://t.co/Egn8GrX4Qt
Shutdown analysis by @ezraklein. Worth reading, as always...	https://t.co/pmAWu9StaB
Politics may be dispiriting, but the natural world can still surprise us and fill us with awe. Science must be part of #WhatUnitesUs	https://t.co/fPMHjayNFH
Do you live in or around New York City? I will be at the Barnes and Noble in Eastchester, NY next Thursday (1/25) to talk about #WhatUnitesUs. Hope to see you there! @BNBuzz https://t.co/jCS7tUKoSG
… that morning when you wake up and realize your country is being run like a demolition derby.
Thank you for choosing #WhatUnitesUs . If people are reading the book in book clubs I am curious to hear how the discussions go. What themes emerge? What chapters are most discussed? https://t.co/z0pWSDp0y3
RT @AXSTVConcerts: It's official, everyone! @DanRather ​is returning for another season of #TheBigInterview.  Stay tuned for an all-new lin…
A good read from my friend @Dahlialithwick https://t.co/jULt4AuYuV
Stock market is at record highs. But what if there was a different kind of index with which we took stock of the health of our republic? Let's call it a pain and suffering index. How would that be doing today? My thoughts...https://t.co/nZ5W6ud316
#Inclusion is part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/BTSJ8thbRo
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Midday thought from/about #WhatUnitesUs... #empathy @DanRather 	https://t.co/rYsNctKQV6 https://t.co/kF6T2rLB8r
More worrying news from the "real world".... #ClimateChangeIsReal 	https://t.co/ZWe2bP6ONB
#Chaos. With the President blowing up the GOP strategy for the shutdown fight, we have long moved past the question of how the Republican majority will govern into CAN they govern?
Not sure anyone saw this negotiation tactic coming...	https://t.co/ZHX7A9wF1E
A milestone long overdue. Congratulations to all the deserving professionals... @TODAYshow 		https://t.co/NbaNvCwX8H
Looking forward to sitting down with my friend Andy Cohen on 1/23 at the venerable @92Y in NYC. Hope to see you there. I understand some tickets are still available. #WhatUnitesUs @Andy https://t.co/DJYkC9Ullm
#Science shouldn’t be political. Science is vital to our national security - in all senses of that phrase. Science must be part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/txdXAYZDp8
A canary in the political coal mine?	https://t.co/gN1Teqp51A
In some ways this is a feel good story, but then there is the much larger context... #RememberPuertoRico	https://t.co/pnZxcWvIxK
RT @wuu_america: A former #Baltimore councilwoman is carjacked and decides to help her teenage attackers by working to reform the juvenile…
Lines from an old poem seem relevant in Washington today: "Oh, what a tangled web we weave, When first we practise to deceive!" But I sense that the river of justice is rumbling underfoot.	https://t.co/iak1TZChgl
"The closer you look, the better the news gets!" #RenewableEnergy https://t.co/s0M6v2pOpk
There should be no statute of limitations on #justice!	https://t.co/PqiStoHOyJ
@theresaruth1972 @JenniferFuller2 @ACHS_AISD @ACHS_co2019 Please let us know how the experience goes. It was our hope in writing the book to encourage conversation.
John McCain knows that a free and independent press is vital to democracy, in the United States and around the globe. It must be part of #WhatUnitesUs. This isn’t about politics. It’s about patriotism. https://t.co/JEKrA6XpGQ
RT @JenniferFuller2: This semester our focus is on the connection between literature and empathy. Broadening our knowledge by analyzing pas…
Excited to be heading to #Charlottesville, VA for @TomTomFest https://t.co/b627FECwXx
Tough and timely questions for the Secretary of Homeland Security - courtesy of @JRubinBlogger 	https://t.co/MczVDPYvN6
Policy decisions are not faceless. Faces have families. Now a family doesn't have a husband and father. Immigration is complicated. It will mean hard decisions. But can we at least agree that this is not the answer? #empathy must be part of #WhatUnitesUs 		https://t.co/GXUBSHqgpR
@MMcfran @_mariaeperez Please thank  @_mariaeperez for her important reporting. Good journalism must be part of #WhatUnitesUs
#PuertoRico When you see a headline for this ongoing crisis, please do not let it skip by. Pause... click... read... and reflect. These are American citizens being left in harm's way. https://t.co/KYWaTytLq8
RT @siloamjim: Heading for the islands later next week. Taking our Kindles plus the two books we gave each other for Christmas. #WhatUnites…
RT @lgooseff: #WhatUnitesUs finding this so incredibly inspiring, thank you Mr. Rather https://t.co/Mr4AImKB6r
A great inside look at that now infamous White House meeting https://t.co/iXtMu1W43C
RT @AspieSimMonster: Just finished @DanRather’s #WhatUnitesUs and I highly recommend everyone read it. It is a relevant and pertinent book…
RT @roryflynnie: Extremely well said. #MLKDay #WhatUnitesUs @DanRather https://t.co/MoeZ79QNEa
Thank you for the kind words. I would love to hear what students think about reading #WhatUnitesUs. Please let us know if you use it in class... https://t.co/niTSjCEcZf
RT @greenwald_greg: It was a cold walk to the Barnes &amp; Noble in Union Square, but finally getting a copy of #WhatUnitesUs was well worth it…
Will always be struck that these were the final words of Dr. King's final speech... Where would we be today had he lived... https://t.co/1bmOWA5t3a #MLKDay2018 #whatunitesus
RT @wuu_america: Not only are readers sharing #WhatUnitesUs with family &amp; loved ones, but we’ve also heard from teachers sharing excerpts w…
RT @jarosa1234: Thank you @DanRather for noting the complexities of one of our greatest dissenters "...because fighting for justice is rare…
RT @BRus828: MLK Day is a good day to feel inspired - starting #WhatUnitesUs by @DanRather https://t.co/HPF0vL48k3
RT @samerriman: 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 what a great book right when we need it @DanRather https://t.co/Rdo2Z1YRmL
Today, as we celebrate #DrMartinLutherKingJr's legacy, I fear that the elevation of King to the pantheon of great Americans who have national birthday celebrations has come at a subtle cost. My reasons here: https://t.co/TEsxGRwepg
Thinking of Dr. King tonight in quiet contemplation - this quote resonates within my being. "The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy." This can be #WhatUnitesUs
Still shaking my head over the end of the #Vikings game. One of the all time great finishes in NFL history. Unsung heroes: Vikings offensive line which gave QB time to throw winning walk-off TD. Give ‘em credit and a pay raise
RT @jplumblee1: Just finished reading a great book #WhatUnitesUs @DanRather. A very reflective and hopeful piece on patriotism by a wise an…
RT @kswolfley: #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/f2ZEDyxC2q
One heck of a game! The wheel of fortune kept spinning in a frenetic last few minutes and the #Vikings emerge on top. The #Saints ran out of time and fortune smiled on Minnesota.
“The greatness of America lies not in being more enlightened than any other nation, but rather in her ability to repair her faults.” - Alexis de Tocqueville. Is this #WhatUnitesUs? That's what we're talking about on Facebook this Sunday morning. https://t.co/JRqyO9Z8Ha
As a #doglover and an #optimist this video brought a big Sunday smile to my face. #WhatUnitesUs 	https://t.co/oRxHdIUpZu
RT @JodySays: .@DanRather nailed it with this one. What a fantastic book! #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/IsAWdVsfMG
@Eagles v @Falcons: Another pretty dull pro playoff game except/until very end. Joy for Philly,heartbreak -again - for Atlanta. Pretty much ho-hum for many of the rest of us
The Federal Government, #service, is part of #WhatUnitesUs  @hiattf	https://t.co/Sek73FQyy1
RT @SangerNYT: Hawaii false alert should be an early warning sign of what happens when the nuclear age collides with the digital age. Panic…
I think Hawaii should buy everyone on the islands a drink of their choosing - on the state.
RT @SciBhbr: “These people are in dire need of humility, a humility bathed in the refreshing waters of empathy. We can all afford to drink…
Thank God it was a mistake!! Shades of the Cold War this morning and a reminder of our perilous international moment as news broke that residents of Hawaii received an emergency alert of a ballistic missile launch. My take: https://t.co/2LgNy9U0Dx
RT @HarlemLovebirds: Tonight @DanRather shared 3 action steps to instill optimism in our nation's current climate: 1) Ask what can I do to…
RT @bridgetmoynahan: Thank you @danrather for once again elegantly expressing what we all know to be true. This can not be our destiny. htt…
RT @missbienvenidos: It was really wonderful to hear @DanRather speak tonight about his book, #WhatUnitesUs. @WBUR 's Anthony Brooks was al…
RT @DKinchenFOX29: Just left @DanRather's talk here in #Boston, highlighting his new book. Interesting collection of essays! https://t.co/S…
RT @TracyLStrauss: What a great talk with @DanRather tonight in Boston at Berkeley College via @booksmithtweets https://t.co/6dqie34XSZ
RT @psb_dc: @Clagett The US is a big melting pot. While we might look diff, speak a diff language, and have diff culture, the diversity of…
RT @radiochick841: My mother, her mother holding her, my great grandmother and great great grandmother (who was born on the ship as it pull…
Dr. King said "I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character." Mr. Trump apparently doesn't believe in such an America. Immigration is part of #WhatUnitesUs
The latest outrage from President Trump disparaging immigrants from what he calls "shithole" countries is a new low. It's disgraceful for him, the country, and every American.
RT @NewsandGuts: BREAKING: Words from the President of the United States: "Shithole countries." https://t.co/UaGIcGWer1
Is immigration a difficult issue? Absolutely. Should cruelty be a governing philosophy? Absolutely not. #Empathy must be part of #WhatUnitesUs.
Did you know that Type 1 #diabetes used to be a certain death sentence for millions of children? Our short film tells the story of how #science changed that. Worth watching. Science must be part of #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/9p6F2owgEe
RT @EvaApelqvist: In #WhatUnitesUs @DanRather said that as a little kid, he was wondering out loud why his mom was helping some people, was…
RT @tsmd0714: The greatness of America lies not in being more enlightened than any other nation, but rather in her ability to repair her fa…
RT @CapehartJ: .@danrather “I'm absolutely convinced that while this is a very anxious time, and in many ways, a perilous time for the coun…
RT @KristinSwinhart: @PatC508 @AriMelber Good idea. I was thinking of reading #WhatUnitesUs by Dan Rather as a cleanser. If I need a double…
RT @mjcleveland: Now here is a Tweet worthy of a TRILLION re-Tweets... THIS is MEDICINE at a time when pain and suffering begs for a respit…
RT @anthonygbrooks: Very excited about this: I'll be interviewing veteran newsman @DanRather Thursday night in Boston re his book What Unit…
RT @wuu_america: #Empathy is a part of #WhatUnitesUs, and in this case, in helping a stranger find a match for a kidney donor.	https://t.co…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: RT @DanRather: Always a joy when Google Doodle shines a light on a scientist, and today it's an immigrant to boot. #sci…
RT @jennifergonring: Quoting @DanRather here: #science and #immigration are part of #WhatUnitesUs. Go Badgers! https://t.co/O8XXyrr6jk
RT @UWMadScience: Proud to call Har Gobind Khorana a badger for his Nobel Prize-winning work @UWMadison to decipher the universal genetic c…
RT @NewsandGuts: Once upon a time not so long ago, the Republican party acknowledged they had a Latino problem. Now with Donald Trump, it's…
Always a joy when Google Doodle shines a light on a scientist, and today it's an immigrant to boot. #science and #immigration are part of #WhatUnitesUs.	https://t.co/uJbPAyvCkZ
RT @wuu_america: When #sommunity and #science come together to help the #environment. @UNLincoln team snags a gold medal @iGEM to help Nebr…
Another inspiring story of #WhatUnitesUs @wuu_america https://t.co/J37RPA2NCn
RT @RadioAndySXM: We’re LIVE with @DanRather’s America &amp; coming up will be joined by #JamesRisen from @theintercept https://t.co/bUQtMPrPNM
@_JessiePadilla Good luck. Would love to hear how it goes.
RT @_JessiePadilla: I'm using the education chapter of @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs in my Freshman Composition class. Apropos, it is the firs…
Heartbreak on one side. Elation on the other. We have a national champion.	The edge of my seat is worn out. My nails are bitten. It was a heavyweight fight... It was a marathon...my bag of sports cliches is empty. What a game! https://t.co/7ApXqBIU1f
Do we need the monologue from the ref?
Cats are said to have nine lives, but that one goes to the #Dawgs...
Don’t think 20 points wins you a national championship this year....
Georgia leads but make no mistake,Alabama still capable of winning this game.
Nothing dull about this game now. Momentum shifting fast enough to give both sidelines cardiac arrest.
Momentum shift to Tide  after bad calls and a freshman quarterback who can throw deep with some Aloha magic? Will the Dawgs bark back?
It’s halftime and the #Dawgs are barking. Fierce defense and surging offense to claw to a lead. Big late drive led by a freshman QB. Will the Tide awaken to roll? Will Georgia hold on? Who wins?
My take on the latest cover of the @NewYorker. Provocative? Yes. In keeping with the Dr. Martin Luther King I met and covered as a reporter? There is little doubt in my mind. Principled Dissent is part of #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/C1PXCSGjmF
#Georgia v #Alabama Good Book says “race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong,” But experience says that's way to bet. Bama's faster stronger deeper. You like Georgia? Take the points. Swiftest and Strongest don’t always win and when they do it’s not always by 4+.
RT @NewsandGuts: Climate change is hitting our bottom line, hard, and scientists say that if nothing is done to slow it down, the growing c…
#Science and #education should be a big part of #WhatUnitesUs. So should #empathy for the people of #PuertoRico.	https://t.co/Osv5hPBdBN
RT @wuu_america: The #arts can tell our cultural story, or they can be a part of changing it. How a #Cincinnati arts program to encourage c…
RT @mindingIt: '#democracy an #action more than a #belief '.. #WhatUnitesUs @DanRather 		'we engage in action for our children. ..not only…
Oprah Winfrey's speech embodied the best traditions of American oratory. It rang with moral clarity rooted in a march towards justice. Not blind to the distance we have traveled and the distance yet to go. It inspired - but cautioned progress will take work. This is #WhatUnitesUs
RT @jenhaught79: Thank you @wcplonline! Got BOTH @DanRather's books off the wait list! Can't wait to read them! #WhatUnitesUs #danrather #r…
RT @lisalisaksmith: “God forbid, but if this nation ultimately fails, I believe it will be because opinions, propaganda, and superstitions…
RT @SailorTwain: Having just seen #thepost and rereading @DanRather’s magnificent #whatunitesus — chapter on the… https://t.co/KIlexphzhp
RT @BrazosBookstore: We wouldn’t want you to sit idly while waiting patiently for FIRE AND FURY so we put together this helpful display, ju…
RT @michaelhoinski: I like what @DanRather told me about NFL players kneeling. Even better, I like the anecdote at the beginning of his boo…
At a perilous time in our national story, what can and should unite us? Please join the discussion. #WhatUnitesUs @wuu_america https://t.co/jyH18803T0 …
RT @daerme09: Finally! My son tried to find this for my Christmas gift buy it was out. Thankfully my local library came through. Can't wait…
Thank you for your service. It is part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/9r74uln8az
RT @MaliAndersonNow: My book last week was #GirlontheTrain. This week, I'm reading #WhatUnitesUs. I'll post on Wednesday! https://t.co/KWlI…
Jake Tapper is a great journalist. And great journalists know that their job is to ask questions, and follow up questions. And if someone wants to filibuster, or obfuscate, or misdirect, or just insult the interviewer, then the interview is, in essence, over. @jaketapper https://t.co/g7qaxy3ATO
RT @skarey: @DanRather you kick ass too!!! Music is part of #whatunitesus https://t.co/Xi2YHqF8Tx
RT @jkirkok: @onlinesavant @DavisforGA @staceyabrams I don't need to be convinced that racism still exists. But what do you think Stacey Ab…
RT @voiceofshannon: Thank you @DanRather for your voice this past year. #WhatUnitesUs was a wonderful read and I especially loved this pass…
RT @MindyLevy: #WhatUnitesUs:  Just bought the hardcover because it's a keeper! Don't need ‘Fire and Fury' to remind me of current disastro…
RT @JackKaneNews: Food for thought from @DanRather. An optimistic outlook. #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/EsK1hZbpPB
RT @MindyLevy: Just what we need right now@a@s a great way to kick off 2018.  My next #read, and it should be yours, too!   #WhatUnitesUs…
RT @SaminaRM: Calming voice of reason again from @DanRather .   Currently reading “The Arts” chapter of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/bZS1E5kP…
RT @NewsandGuts: Yeah, that’s it! https://t.co/soybewvcb4
A wonderful, uplifting story. Follow @wuu_america for more like this. I believe for all the noise, most Americans would rather be working towards #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/mcInjpAdyp
Dear Mr. President,	A good rule of thumb is that when you've got it, you don't have to say it. People know. That holds true for wealth, compassion, faith, and yes, being a "very stable genius." Sincerely, Dan
RT @gypsyhrt: Time for some positivity. Turning off the news and social media. Curling up with #WhatUnitesUs and @DanRather ahhh, blessed s…
RT @NewsandGuts: Donald Trump surprisingly talks about himself, extolling on his mental prowess: https://t.co/aHihrrN3ab
RT @JenForReal: Just purchased @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs. Hoping to start this in the next week or so. 		See, I can read something other t…
RT @geenoze: Was it wrong of me to add #whatunitesus to my husband's wishlist just to ensure I got a copy from a random family member? @Dan…
RT @CapehartJ: "This is not normal. This is unique to this Presidency what's happening here." @DanRather 		https://t.co/YvJi5DV7yj #WhatUni…
RT @wuu_america: Sometimes #service is done through institutions, and sometimes it's just something that you do in times of need or (in thi…
RT @bingman2000: 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 Looking forward to starting my 2nd book of the new year. A Christmas present from @BrandyBingman #WhatUnitesUs @Dan…
RT @Waxler81: Finished “What Unites Us” by @DanRather today. A remarkable, accessible way to identify our core values. Next up: “Eighteen A…
RT @Olivia_Kuhns: I love @DanRather !! #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/mpiXwi9gHN
RT @jenskruse2: Seen at the Orcas Island Public Library, @DanRather, @michaelkruse https://t.co/LNtxR08b4S
RT @AXSTV: Sunday, @DanRather chats with @CarlySimonHQ on The Big Interview! Set your DVR now for 9am/8c. https://t.co/BCvWgYU2RY
RT @jenhensh: Loved this @DanRather: We are a nation not only of dreamers but also of fixers. We have looked at our land and people, and sa…
RT @CapehartJ: .@danrather “The criticism of President Trump, which I think is most valid, is the tone he has brought to the presidency. Th…
Honoring anniversary of Wounded Knee, our weekly #verseday feature on #WhatUnitesUs page is Earth Prayer by Black Elk, survivor of the massacre, and a revivalist of Lakota culture- "Hear me, that the people may once again. Find the good road" https://t.co/FBHys4ngdC
Honored that WHAT UNITES US made the list. And please support your local, independent book stores like @rakestrawbooks. They are part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/MUsZsRpnPY
RT @mlarr: My husband picked two great Christmas presents for me. @DanRather #WhatUnitesUs @utopian014 https://t.co/trLB5CpyiV
RT @AmDiabetesAssn: Important story, great video. Thanks for sharing, @DanRather! https://t.co/2QKSsbmuQr
RT @DebraMessing: 🙏🏻  Talking about #WhatUnitesUs is more urgent than ever. https://t.co/S32relSWbA
A powerful short film about the discovery of the first real miracle drug - insulin. Emotional, inspirational, and thought-provoking. Science must be part of #WhatUnitesUs @AmDiabetesAssn 	https://t.co/9p6F2owgEe
RT @shari_w_j: Looking for inspiration? 3 good reads to inspire HOPE and ACTION: 	1) What Unites Us (Dan Rather) #WhatUnitesUs	2) The Peopl…
RT @shari_w_j: Thankful for this book and this writer @DanRather  #WhatUnitesUs  Comfort reading in these dark days. https://t.co/gESPfU0a7B
RT @shari_w_j: @DanRather #WhatUnitesUs  what a great read. Should we send a copy to Trump? https://t.co/PfxQPADELA
Being a grandfather is one of life's great joys. And if feels grand to be featured in Grand Magazine. Family, across the generations, is a big part of #WhatUnitesUs. 	 @Grand_Magazine 	https://t.co/HYWWrLZo18
Cynical voices preach division, suspicion, and intolerance. But I think most Americans believe in #WhatUnitesUs. This story is an inspirational follow-up to a gripping piece of thoughtful, nuanced reporting. Kudos to @stavernise https://t.co/gI6RvO5wEh
RT @Annalouise04: Afternoon reading. #DanRather #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/3hRq3k2D5z
RT @NewsandGuts: From @DanRather: Mitt Romney is a old school Republican. And he would be a disaster for Donald Trump. https://t.co/NJY53jJ…
A perfect companion to New Years resolutions - a surprising video that may cause you to look at fat in a whole new light. Did you know scientists consider it a vital organ? 	https://t.co/8IYgaWK6AP
RT @NewsandGuts: Donald Trump just took credit for airline safety: https://t.co/IB5rMsNPJk
RT @AXSTVConcerts: Only @DanRather can get beautiful answers like THIS. #TheBigInterview https://t.co/eXb7wZInNW
What role might Romney play in the future of the GOP?	https://t.co/O3PUOXym1V
"Like Richard Nixon’s attorney general John Mitchell said, watch what they do — not just what they say." Great rundown by the @washingtonpost which has on its masthead “Democracy Dies in Darkness” - Indeed. https://t.co/yiMPiuxEWg
Well the Tide rolled and it wasn't even close. The national championship will be an SEC affair.
In the end, only one could win. A #RoseBowl for the ages. Congratulates to #Georgia who lives to fight another day. And congratulations to #Oklahoma on one heck of a game.
RT @dianelewis48: Tried out my new snowshoes, took a long New Years Day walk, time to nestle in &amp; read #WhatUnitesUs by @DanRather https://…
RT @skarey: @DanRather I'm starting 2018 off reading Mr. Rather's book. #WhatUnitesUs #danratherrocks https://t.co/KuMnTylwH9
Congrats to Central Florida for win over very good Auburn team in bowl. CF undefeated,13-0 season-only such college record in the nation. They should have been entered in national championship playoff. But big school prejudice locked them out.  @UCF
RT @hey_dahlface: I finished my 200 book challenge for 2017 and I could not think of a better book to finish off the challenge then this bo…
Ushering in 2018 at the Rather household with a marathon session of season 2 of the The Crown. Can’t wait! #HappyNewYearsEve @netflix
RT @DanRather: Some of my thoughts at year's end on our News and Guts website @NewsandGuts 	https://t.co/S3Wj6eJatN
“A single courageous State may, if its citizens choose, serve as a laboratory; and try novel social and economic experiments...” - Justice Louis D. Brandeis (1932)	"We've got this. Game on!" - California (2018)	https://t.co/g0dFlJ9xyf
Can we find common ground? Can we find #WhatUnitesUs? It can start with a story like this. A son visits his father's grave and along the way experiences the best of our national spirit. Worth a New Years read- as well as the wonderful comments in response. https://t.co/GYbm2hr0Gb https://t.co/yMvVSSky2h
Some of my thoughts at year's end on our News and Guts website @NewsandGuts 	https://t.co/S3Wj6eJatN
A dank, cold day in Austin. I sit in silence, pondering the year’s end and think of how much colder most of the rest of the nation is. I think of the homeless, the hungry and the helpless. Extra help to the charities who provide support.
RT @AspieSimMonster: Excited to start reading the latest book from one of my journalist heroes @DanRather #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/s8ubrx…
RT @rappa01: @goodreads Picked up @DanRather #WhatUnitesUs from my favorite bookstore @BookshopSC.  Can't wait to read it. https://t.co/sZh…
Eating world famous BBQ. Talking World Politics. Only in Austin! https://t.co/Mw07CRyFZJ
RT @AXSTV: We had so many amazing guests this year on The Big Interview with @DanRather, including the one and only @peterframpton! #FBF #Y…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Today's thought from @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs....	https://t.co/rYsNctKQV6 https://t.co/KY3w6ky4v7
I have taken time to read and refresh the mind this holiday season. Kept use of technology to a minimum.  I recommend it (while recognizing a certain irony in sharing this advice on Twitter)
A resonant New Year's poem is our #Verseday selection. Poetry is part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/XnUvGUlU0Q
RT @ToriDeGiosio: It’s a very @DanRather Christmas https://t.co/Evp5u2hn8M
At home in Austin watching U Texas v Missouri bowl game (with a cold one.. and, yes, a bowl of Fritos) @UTAustin #HookEm
RT @DrScottSellars: #Scientists #Engineers interested in #scicomm - please watch! #AGU17 Fall Meeting Presidential Forum - @DanRather from…
@mehalamaye @Texasblaze69 Indeed. Thank you. All who work and serve should be in our thoughts.
@lbibclc Thank you for your service.
@marybschneider Indeed. Thank you. All who work and serve should be in our thoughts.
RT @itskatefaith: Best book of 2017. @DanRather's thoughtful reflection on our country has instilled a newfound hope for a world that's gre…
Sending appreciation to all police, fire and first-responders (such as EMS folks) who have to work, be on duty while so many of us take these days off.	And then there are the members of the military—especially those in combat zones—who are never far from my mind.
RT @WiscoFerg: If I could afford to buy a million copies of this book and pass them out to everyone I came into contact with I have no doub…
Reading book The Impossible Presidency, (subtitled, The Rise and Fall of America’s Highest Office) by Jeremi Suri. A Christmas gift. First rate,	The “Introduction” alone is worth the time and money. @JeremiSuri #ImpossiblePresidency
RT @CapehartJ: .@danrather “I'm absolutely convinced that while this is a very anxious time, and in many ways, a perilous time for the coun…
NBA on X-Mas, a tradition 70 years old today! Took in the spectacle at Madison Square Garden with son and oldest grandson. Tough loss to 76ers, but still harboring playoff hopes. #goknicks
For all the hand-wringing over the President's "base" -  his real base (when it comes to things like the tax bill) has always been rich friends in places like Mar-a-Lago.	https://t.co/oYsRVpxiZ0
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Here's to all who sing in that chorus... #WhatUnitesUs @DanRather @wuu_america https://t.co/b8CK4GFDY3
Every Thursday is #Verseday on our #WhatUnitesUs Facebook page, and today we're talking about a beautiful poem about the ephemeral beauty of snow by Emily Dickinson. "It sifts from Leaden Sieves" Read it and take a moment to pause, reflect, and breathe:	https://t.co/fnw8sCmZGB
Thank you @LitLizardSedona for highlighting the book. I hope everyone helps support their local bookstores. Reading must be a big part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/wFxRan00ew
I believe if the President fires Mueller, it will be a gross miscalculation. I sense a deep stirring across this nation among people who will not let this pass without their fury being heard - in the streets and at the ballot box.	https://t.co/hWLuPDCchM
The headlines are calling this big tax bill a "win" for President Trump and the GOP in Congress. I suppose it is, as far as it goes. Perhaps this is a teaching moment about the idea of a Pyrrhic victory.	https://t.co/Ym7IECw3OQ
As you nibble your Christmas cookies, maybe it's time to rethink what you know about fat. Fat is a vital organ in your body. And this fascinating science film about all things fat is worth savoring...	https://t.co/8IYgaX1Hsn
A timely reminder that EVERY vote counts...Huge implications for Virginia... and beyond...	https://t.co/jHwStawH0P
RT @RadioAndySXM: Our final @DanRather’s America of the year is off &amp; running with Fmr. Secretary of Defense #LeonPanetta coming up. https:…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Tonight's thought from @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs on #books...	https://t.co/lxQm6UCHOz https://t.co/TcpEm3FGTZ
Fire up the minivans - man the foxholes at Whole Foods - this pitched battle will be won one manicured lawn at a time. Suburban America (particularly women) seem unamused with President Trump - and the fight for control of Congress hangs in the balance. 	https://t.co/knZCB8fIo6
Are you reading or have you read #WhatUnitesUs? Please join the conversation on our Facebook page for a new feature we're calling the Sunday Salon. https://t.co/5WzCp4qvIx
RT @BookTV: .@DanRather is on @BookTV at 8:45pm ET to share his thoughts on the founding principles of the United States and what it means…
Like a child covering ears and saying "I can't hear you..." Except this is our government refusing to hear the language of science, fact, reason, and... maturity. It would be a joke, if it wasn't so deadly serious.	Science must be part of #WhatUnitesUs	https://t.co/q0RzDHYjZS
RT @AlgonquinBooks: You know #WhatUnitesUs? Holiday cookies decorated with book covers. Thanks so @JCCAtlanta for these cookies with @DanRa…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: This morning's thought on #books from @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs...	https://t.co/rYsNctKQV6 https://t.co/4X3nUVlrwY
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Tonight's thought from @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs...	https://t.co/rYsNctKQV6 https://t.co/mDXODTj1Kk
Thank you @DebraMessing. So happy that you are lending your voice to the conversation about #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/FHQbE1S7fr
Thank you @BrazosBookstore for hosting a wonderful evening. It is always nice to return home to Houston. https://t.co/YbQzzBxsCN
RT @BrandiKHOU: Everyone at @KHOU is posting their selfies with legendary alum  @DanRather, so I thought I would too! 	#DanRather #WhatUnit…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Tonight's thought from @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs ...	https://t.co/rYsNctKQV6 https://t.co/i7YgfxTnnA
This holiday season, please support independent bookstores. They are pillars of our community and part of #WhatUnitesUs. And if you are looking for a great book to buy, for a gift or for yourself, may I make this suggestion? 	https://t.co/njDCQhjXsE
RT @andrewdansby: Talked to @DanRather prior to his @BrazosBookstore event today and another in Katy tomorrow. He talked a lot about Housto…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: "It is one of the great truisms of a democratic form of government that not only political power but the very definitio…
RT @CapehartJ: .@danrather “I'm absolutely convinced that while this is a very anxious time, and in many ways, a perilous time for the coun…
Tonight a timely reminder that the right to vote is part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/B5dns8Klcl
An earthquake has shook the nation and out of the land of the Crimson Tide comes a wave of Blue.	https://t.co/tuG5Yvqctz
As long as we have free elections, this country has a chance. As long as the tide of decency swells in our electorate, we have a chance. As long as people organize, and people believe, this country has a chance. https://t.co/tuG5Yvqctz
Have you ever seen a caged animal pacing and baring its fangs? With President Trump lashing out, I think that what we are seeing here is fear, a deep fear of a world closing in. After all fear is what an animal in a cage really is feeling. https://t.co/fb2QpnBjl7
It was a pleasure to sit down with the wonderful @CapehartJ a few weeks back. Talking to Jonathan is always a joy. And I'm excited our conversation about #WhatUnitesUs is now a podcast! https://t.co/x7jiavqyUf
Hello Katy, TX! Hope to see some of you this Thurs nite at 7 at @booksamillion event for #WhatUnitesUs. Buy tickets at this link. https://t.co/29o1Lry4cX
Practicing for my upcoming speech at #AGU2017. Excited and honored to be here. https://t.co/x0g9o9aRyM
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Tonight's thought from @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs: "Empathy is not only a personal feeling; it can be a potent force fo…
RT @BrazosBookstore: Don't forget about our event with @DanRather #WhatUnitesUs next Wednesday @ 7:30! Tickets are still available! Visit o…
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Start Friday with this video of @DanRather talking with @ConanOBrien about our country, our times and #WhatUnitesUs: ht…
Thank you @DominicanCANews for being such a wonderful host. Education is part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/wmSZ5yzSUY
RT @ringer: .@larrywilmore and @DanRather discuss the current state of our country and patriotism https://t.co/tMh0vN4ZR2
When in doubt, I now will In N Out @innoutburger. And a great milkshake is part of #WhatUnitesUs. 	https://t.co/XCTko1Ljhj https://t.co/bcZj3lShcT
RT @brentbaughman: In the latest @NPRItsBeenAMin, @DanRather told @samsanders that covering the civil rights movement changed him "as a per…
RT @TeamCoco: #CONAN Highlight: "Many things about the Age of Trump will make the stomach sicker than bad oysters." - @DanRather https://t.…
RT @TavisSmileyShow: TONIGHT Tavis talks with legendary journalist and author @DanRather about the current political climate and his latest…
Today, I am still in a quiet and appreciate awe after meeting the son and niece of the late, great Medgar Evers. My thoughts on the moment can be found here: https://t.co/zdZlsGd1tt
RT @FoxRiverside: TONIGHT — An Evening with @DanRather ft @LarryWilmore at Fox PAC! Doors open at 7PM. 📰		Snag your last minute tickets at…
RT @NMoralesNBC: What a pleasure to have the legendary @DanRather join us on #AHLive! His new book 'What Unites… https://t.co/UKIChRH7tl
It was a pleasure talking #WhatUnitesUs with fellow author, and proud grandfather, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar @kaj33 https://t.co/R8bCt7y9BL
#WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/fPK0qUFyNB
A very special The Big Interview tonight - the multi-talented @StevieVanZandt, you won't want to miss it on @AXSTV 9E/8C. #TBI https://t.co/tl6nDWrlpd
It was such a joy sitting down with fellow Texan and insightful interviewer @samsanders to talk about #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/JiP6sm2Foo
Life on the road for #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/yC2tIMANeS
Excited to be joining @TeamCoco tonight to talk #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/lY9vLgLai9
What can and should unite us? It's a what we're talking about on my Facebook page https://t.co/Dsz5UVblPz around my book WHAT UNITES US. Follow it, like it. Today we are talking Empathy - a quality in too short supply among our national leaders.
Great joining @AlexWitt today on @MSNBC - smart, experienced, incisive interviewer.
Take time to see the #supermoon tonight, and reflect on our fragile place in the heavens. The environment is part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/iMsseMRDYF https://t.co/9K0eFWyVcq
STEADY - as the events of the last few days have unfolded, I find myself repeating "steady" in my mind and to all who will listen. Being STEADY can and should be part of #WhatUnitesUs.	https://t.co/kkjhZN5VUO
I've seen kids spill out their piggy banks and plan their allowance budget with more care than the Republicans in Congress are planning for the future of the U.S economy.
Being #steady and a common destiny are parts of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/G0Ko3OZELv
Great discussion on our new News and Guts website around an article by @voxdotcom's @ezraklein. It's worth a read, and please share your thoughts...	https://t.co/ZkP2QdN0lt
RT @CienciaPR: We believe science CAN rebuild #PuertoRico. But while education and research take years—the need to start now is urgent. Ple…
Excited to be sitting down with @larrywilmore next Tuesday night at @FoxRiverside https://t.co/PLkYuitTve
“We travel together, passengers on a little space	ship, dependent on its vulnerable reserves of air and soil... preserved	from annihilation only by the care, the work, and,,,	the love we give our fragile craft.” Adlai Stevenson 1965  - as true today as ever.
RT @DarleneChanPR: .@larrywilmore interviews @DanRather 12/5 @FoxRiverside abt his nu bk of essays #WhatUnitesUs. Give us hope &amp; inspiratio…
Do you live in or around Riverside, CA? I will be there on Tuesday Dec. 5 to sit down with the one-and-only @larrywilmore to talk about #WhatUnitesUs. Hope to see you there! https://t.co/ACMF5DhHCz
Hello, Los Angeles! Hope to see you next Mon. night at 8pm - Dec. 4  - to talk #WhatUnitesUs with the legendary Kareem Abdul-Jabbar @kaj33. Tix available here: https://t.co/tMjVc1MWeN
If they tax bill becomes law, the Republicans may learn the meaning of "Pyrrhic victory." Who will have to be the one to explain that concept to the President?
Diversity is part of #WhatUnitesUs... https://t.co/0fGWIYnRC6
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@DanRather is back in the chair &amp; gearing up for his interview with @VanJones68 #danrathersamerica
It may be Cyber Monday, but you can still support your local independent bookstores - pillars of the community - thanks to @indiebound. Why not start with #WhatUnitesUs, I hear it's a pretty good book... (hey, it's worth a shot)	https://t.co/njDCQhjXsE
Pres. Trump showed a lack of sensitivity, knowledge, and caring of the plight of Native Americans. A moment that was supposed to be about someone else became again about him. A marginalized group again was left to feel more marginalized by this President.	https://t.co/HkYrtzUqLq
Thank you @SRuhle. It was a pleasure to be on the program to discuss the importance of journalism. As you know, I believe a free and independent press is a big part of #WhatUnitesUs https://t.co/kc7FJLMcHz
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Tonight's thought from @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs...	https://t.co/rYsNctKQV6 https://t.co/0Qo7GtO05m
This tax bill making its way through Congress is so far below the basest norms of legislative conduct, to call it an unprecedented abomination is being generous. Low polling. Dire warnings from economists. Why hasn't there been more spirited opposition? 	https://t.co/5yxgl81qlm
Decimation of US State Dept. by Pres. Trump and Sec Tillerson defies reason. Undermines US power around the globe. Demands bipartisan outrage. Our allies watch with great unease. Our adversaries salivate at the our shortsightedness, and frankly, stupidity.	https://t.co/dRXdBV4VIW
One of the most attractive characteristics in a politician is a sense of humor, something President Trump does not display. I doubt he will find this high heat aimed directly at his curious tweet about @TIME "Person of the Year" very funny. https://t.co/RrXo71nRTR
Went to @MFAH today. Its architecture &amp; collection - treasures. A reminder that art and art lovers exist across this great nation. I was recently at the @DallasMuseumArt - another wonder. Art speaks a language unlike any other. It is a reminder that it is part of #WhatUnitesUs
I fear that one of the most insidious casualties of our current age is a sense of peace.	https://t.co/VisMSmZHZJ
Small business Saturday? LOVE the idea - especially support your local bookstores! Great places to find my new book WHAT UNITES US, the PERFECT holiday gift. Shameless self promotion? Hey, it's Twitter, if POTUS can do it...  #WhatUnitesUs @indiebound	https://t.co/njDCQhjXsE
"Over time, when justice is on their side, people come around and say, the radical of yesterday was the prophet of tomorrow." from an interview I did with @CapehartJ attached with more thoughts to the link below. Remember, DISSENT is part of #WhatUnitesUs 	https://t.co/5twII1hvo6 https://t.co/FrZVuYWS9w
Want a great Black Friday gift idea for friends, family, and you? Buy WHAT UNITES US. Naked self-promotion? Guilty as charged but I'm really proud of this book and would love more people to be reading it.  #WhatUnitesUs 	https://t.co/f2Oiu7i6V5
73 Years ago today, Winston Churchill gave a Thanksgiving day speech that is worth listening to once more. My thoughts and audio of the speech at the link below on our #WhatUnitesUs page. 	https://t.co/WawVnKTVYV
A sign that you've hit the big time? 15 Across on the Celebrity Crossword...	Hint: #WhatUnitesUs	https://t.co/pTDj7QDX9R
There seems to be many hidden, dark and scary corners of this tax bill, but this one seems just plain CRAZY! Right, let's stick it to those fat cat teachers for helping buy supplies for kids. Well done Washington... 		https://t.co/COlzgd4and
Final hours for a chance to win a copy of my new book WHAT UNITES US. Thanks to my publisher @AlgonquinBooks for sponsoring the giveaway. 	If you've read the book, would love to hear your thoughts. Please use #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/5sfAdJfKG2
When it comes to getting close to President Trump, this news from the @WSJ suggests the Mueller investigation isn't just knocking on the door, it may already be in the room. 		https://t.co/o9KJS07frS
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Many thanks to @DanRather and @MartinRather and all who joined the conversation today on @facebooklive. For more above…
Join us on #FacebookLive now with my grandson @MartinRather taking readers' questions about the book #WhatUnitesUs. https://t.co/vRjecfuqFo
Anecdote speaks volumes: POTUS doesn't invite American Nobel Prize winners to White House. If US is to forge a just and steady path, we will have to embrace science and reason. This requires leadership, not pettiness.	#science is part of #WhatUnitesUs
When you wake up and see news like this, and you're a reporter who cares deeply about foreign coverage, you can't help but have a smile on your face, and hope in your heart. Kudos to the @Washingtonpost https://t.co/XBPlcVOYKj
#Haiti is the poorest country in Western Hemisphere - devastated by disease and an earthquake that killed 230k people. Now we tell 60k Haitians to "GET OUT"?	We're better than this. And I think most Americans know it.
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Get ready for #Thanksgiving conversations with the family.  Join @DanRather for a #FacebookLive with his grandson Marti…
Spend a lot of time in airports and arrived in @DENAirport today on my book tour. Reminded about how much I like it. From cleanliness to friendliness to design, I always feel a little brighter upon arrival.
Hope to see some of you there. https://t.co/mmT4ulcbm2
Thinking a lot about the passing of Mel Tillis, country music legend. Two of his many classics are special favorites of mine "Ruby, Don't Take Your Love to Town" and "Detroit City." I'll be listening to them on my journeys today... and in the days ahead.
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Tonight's thought from @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs	https://t.co/rYsNctKQV6 https://t.co/XZRIgYuxPZ
The savvy politician knows to sometimes bite his tongue (or not twitch his Twitter finger). Alienating @JeffFlake on a tax bill already facing an uphill fight doesn't seem to be the product of a savvy politician. 		https://t.co/1gsLwOj8zn
It was a pleasure sitting down with the great @peterframpton. Hope you turn in for our discussion on "The Big Interview" on @AXSTV Tuesday night at 9/8c. #TBI https://t.co/QOsXJk9OjF
Lots of artists are called "prolific" but few embodied the word like country music legend Mel Tillis. #RIP. Consummate showman, songwriter and singer. Read the reminiscences and reflections from country stars across the generations. He will be missed. #MelTillis
Thanks @USATODAY for selecting #whatunitesus as a weekend pick. Any of you out there reading the book this weekend? Are you enjoying it? Use #whatunitesus to let us know. Thanks!	https://t.co/qGmi6SWRCU
We have been excited to see the discussion on @goodreads around #WhatUnitesUs . And our friends at @AlgonquinBooks have sweetened the pot a bit with a book giveaway. Hope to see you on the site and continue our conversation. @wuu_america 	https://t.co/k1U6r3K61c
We can do better. We must do better. And I believe in the mantra that one hears often in newsrooms, that sunlight - openness and transparency - is the best disinfectant for the sins of society.	https://t.co/nFExfrDXf8
So proud to be part of this film #FailStateMovie. It's a topic that deserves to be a part of our national discussion. https://t.co/y0sc4pUnys
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Enter for a chance to win a copy of #WhatUnitesUs by @DanRather and Elliot Kirschner: https://t.co/JdEhXLXyni @wuu_amer…
Good Night Dallas. Thanks for the warm reception. Atlanta I will see you on Sunday. The tour for #WhatUnitesUs continues. Happy to be meeting so many of you along the way.
Are you reading my new book #WhatUnitesUs, and want to join in a larger conversation around its core themes? Please check out (and like) our new What Unites Us Facebook page. We have a lot planned and hope you will join us. 	https://t.co/Dsz5UVblPz
A heartfelt and humble thanks to all for the debut of #WhatUnitesUs on the @NYTimes bestseller's list. Pleased that the themes of persistence, civility, honor and justice have resonated with so many of you. It gives me continued hope for our country.  @whatunitesusamerica
Book tour for #whatunitesus takes me to Dallas, and a flood of memories. But still thinking of the fine folks of Nashville and thankful to the @tennessean for their coverage of last night's event. 	https://t.co/kzFI3fy7og
A heartfelt personal read on the ongoing crisis in Puerto Rico and a resolve to do one's part to make the world a better place. 	https://t.co/mJ0lNYVH8M
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Tonight's thought from @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs....	https://t.co/rYsNctKQV6 https://t.co/DfN8fRwA86
I sat down with Steve Miller @SMBofficial for tonight’s The Big Interview on  @AXSTV at 9pE/8pC/6pP. Hope you can tune in. https://t.co/f51jqvFj5k
A library is much more than storage for books. The Nashville Public Library proves this fact and their Civil Rights room was simply inspiring. Thank you @NowatNPL  &amp; @MayorMeganBarry for honoring our past and guiding our future https://t.co/YRzMmKUUWY
RT @RadioAndySXM: Gearing up for an all-new @DanRather's America! Coming up we'll talk with @MichaelEOHanlon
Good morning #Nashville! Hope to see some of you tonight at my book tour event for #WhatUnitesUs.	https://t.co/yiNVVbOcBg
Hope you all will tune in. https://t.co/9WK2jaHVoB
We should be judged by how we, as a society and as individuals, treat those in the most need. And I fear this country is failing this test in regards to those struggling to rebuild homes, businesses, and lives in Puerto Rico.	https://t.co/o95R3Tm9zX
Old saying: "if you lie down with dogs you will get up with fleas." To all the Republicans who now say Roy Moore is unfit for office, that was true long before the latest damning allegations.	https://t.co/gOWDn5ns90
Under-reported story of the week: tragic earthquake with much suffering along Iran/Iraq border. Women, children, and the elderly suffering most.
Thinking fondly of Liz Smith, who aged 94 has finally gone up ahead. Great Texas lady who came and conquered New York as a star newspaper columnist. A good hearted woman who was a wonderful friend.
Hope to see some of you there! https://t.co/PAFZ2cYfrs
Heading to #Miami for an event this evening at the wonderful #MiamiBookFair2017. Some tickets still available. Hope to see some of you there!	https://t.co/VZM2KiwJuD
Calling the GOP today the "Party of Lincoln" is a bit like calling ketchup a vegetable.	https://t.co/BvpvnREA0J
Kudos to @StephenCurry30 for rising above The Noise.  A must read. https://t.co/uXpAMHDmGG
RT @AlgonquinBooks: A thought from @DanRather's #WhatUnitesUs to round out the day... https://t.co/rYsNctKQV6 https://t.co/DmgfR7ogMp
Hope you all can tune in tonight as I️ talk to @RealKiefer on @AXSTV’s The Big Interview. We even sing a little. https://t.co/V3qrAyLcT0
Book day has finally arrived for What Unites Us. https://t.co/1hdXTNT9S9
RT @AlgonquinBooks: Oh, just 2 authors exchanging signed copies of their books at @texasbookfest this weekend: @DanRather #WhatUnitesUs @to…
Let's talk about the curious case of Attorney General Jeff Sessions. https://t.co/F8TStWrCZD
I feel this shadow of sadness at how a nation I love faces a tortured and uncertain path back to steadiness. https://t.co/pqFXh4dTGD
Donald Trump’s words need no repeating here. They are beneath the office in which he currently serves. https://t.co/tuq4jnAY9G
I love libraries. And I have a special affinity for the @HoustonLibrary, which shaped my world as a young boy: https://t.co/pK6tVlhCAS
RT @RadioAndySXM: It's a very special edition of @DanRather's America with @mcuban &amp; some special wishes for the Birthday boy himself! #dan…
This is likely but the first act of a play unlike any seen before in our nation's history. https://t.co/m3vHEF66eV
And there we have it. A bombshell of a headline rocks Washington and the nation this morning. https://t.co/9d5jNCOR7q
When it comes to racial tensions, there are leaders and there are cowards. https://t.co/ooIGD2Y12o
I am excited to be at the great and growing Austin Film Festival today for the premier of an important documentary: https://t.co/457Z4wCCXq
There has been a campaign out of the WH to discredit the Mueller investigation, but now the special counsel may be turning up the heat. https://t.co/UkhFERiVm7
I am ready for game 3 of the World Series. And rooting hard for my hometown Astros. https://t.co/8ZzmcfsQXo
I'm coming out with a book called WHAT UNITES US: Reflections on Patriotism: https://t.co/mpqF7BdJ32
Grandson @MartinRather has a new Trump-free news program from young journalists. In-depth reporting. Pardon my pride https://t.co/S20xcnBU2K
Geddy Lee, frontman for one of the biggest rock bands of all time, @rushtheband is on The Big Interview tonight: https://t.co/DYsLKcXIkf
I am disgusted. 		What is happening in Puerto Rico is a national disgrace. https://t.co/8iYoXYoplz
In political moments like the present, we need art more than ever. https://t.co/j67GL7RcsH
How I miss the wind when the air is still: https://t.co/xoQL99jsXp
Mr. Trump repeatedly lies about what he says and what he means. https://t.co/stUdjhfVD8
Looking forward to this event tomorrow night. https://t.co/fA3aRrftZP
The President's reported words to this grieving pregnant mother and now widow are raising a serious backlash: https://t.co/GcQP10w6Vx
My Big Interview tonight is with @TheDoobieBros on @AXSTV at 9pm ET: https://t.co/hbcDz7ykWR
One of the most solemn roles of the presidency has once again been subjected to self-congratulatory denialism. https://t.co/UoxmoitOog
One of the strongest, perhaps unexpected alliances in President Trump's base is with leaders of the religious right: https://t.co/6abaOZzSBX
Is it too strong to say Americans have never seen a President intentionally inflict cruelty on his fellow citizens? https://t.co/0fo0lXP5ky
I wanted to highlight that, for all that divides us now, and has divided us, there is much more that unites us. https://t.co/Hat9oObNtj
RT @AXSTV: A new episode of #TheBigInterview with @DanRather ​starts NOW! Welcome Ms. @MrsSOsbourne​! https://t.co/lcRPMdlmjH
A new season of The Big Interview on @AXSTV kicks off tonight at 9p ET/8p CT with @MrsSOsbourne: https://t.co/tN5Yv1q2s3
With unrelenting natural disasters, we feel  mounting fears of increased devastation brought on by climate change: https://t.co/S98xqGGo6t
One has a sense that Mr. Corker is giving voice to what many of his colleagues are thinking in private. https://t.co/xSOjtRjjd2
Hope everyone will tune in for the season premiere of The Big Interview on @AXSTV. https://t.co/MWN0xX5h86
Forgive me this grandfatherly pride, but I wanted to share a post from my grandson Martin Rather. https://t.co/0qdI2uotI2
You don't tell people dealing with a life and death crisis that they are throwing the U.S. budget out of whack: https://t.co/yIBasqWCvV
How can we consider ourselves the greatest country on earth and allow this to happen again... and again? https://t.co/kl91zvhkrr #lasvegas
I do not believe "blame the victim" is what Americans expect of their president. https://t.co/3zLZGzqY6c
"What Unites Us" will go on sale on November 7 (available for pre-order now). I can't wait to hear what you think https://t.co/7POxNbHtDY
Republicans often complain that Washington is out of touch with what is going on in local communities: https://t.co/RaLwr6Pwpi
A reminder of the importance of journalism to shine a light on the desperate problems of the world. https://t.co/0BkItE80qk #PuertoRico
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@DanRather is back with an all-new #DanRathersAmerica don't miss @KatyTurNBC coming up talking #Unbelievable https://t.c…
This is happening in the USA. Right now. These are Americans in desperate need, having lost everything: https://t.co/dGYYROyyI2
Well, Cowboys defense better in third quarter. Dull game so far. Most exciting thing so far: taste of these Fritos.
As new wk starts and the world moves on, we can't forget Hurricane victims still suffering in PR, Virgin Islands, TX, LA, FL and others.
The breaking news story involving Jared Kushner opens the door to some fierce attacks of hypocrisy. https://t.co/6gSl1jfUof
My old friend @WillieNelson will be performing at this benefit concert tonight and you can find the event live-streamed on his FB page. https://t.co/mrOCqmBH9j
There's a benefit concert w/ Lone Star icons taking place tonight called Harvey Can’t Mess With Texas. Donate at https://t.co/F3Rhi4ud1h
McCain's opposition to the repeal of the ACA while he battles cancer will be one of his signature achievements: https://t.co/jtRIEjkz6H
Around the world there are many who are in pain and in need of help. https://t.co/rWBO6kd3jE
America is watching. It's not only millions who risk losing insurance that have a stake in the outcome. We all do. https://t.co/J4Ifwzry1e
RT @RadioAndySXM: Award-winning filmmakers @LynnNovick &amp; @KenBurns tell @DanRather why they decided to make #VietnamWarPBS https://t.co/JWv…
Pleased to see there has been criticism about the appearance of former press secretary Sean Spicer at the Emmys. https://t.co/PE9i0AIbN6
There are some who say Hillary Clinton shouldn't have written a book. https://t.co/qzlmb18XlU
Americans who are willing to open their own homes to children from distant, war-torn lands. https://t.co/DQqvgCnwwh
It's not a game for the millions of Americans whose lives, livelihood, health and security hang in the balance: https://t.co/UxAwlml9St
September 11. A day that history will mark, but the sands of time tend to eat away at the immediacy of our memories: https://t.co/o1ijQUGZS7
Do you feel a deep anxiety in the pit of your stomach for a world in tumult? I feel it too. https://t.co/030YsL9Ctj
Will property markets start collapsing in the face of climate change? https://t.co/auRSr2a88j
Our climate is changing, and human activity is a major factor. We cannot ignore this any longer. https://t.co/FXhuZYTo3G
The deal between President Trump and Democratic leadership over the debt limit and funding the govt has DC spinning. https://t.co/3a5FjIrVP6
I hope to see many of you along the trail, and to hear from even more of you what you think about my upcoming book: https://t.co/KUBeIBFgdr
History is not only watching Mr. Trump. It is watching his accomplices as well. https://t.co/qT9wO7G293
Irma now at cat 5. The U.S. has never been hit by two cat 4+ in one season, much less back to back (as would be the case with Harvey + Irma)
RT @RadioAndySXM: Coming up on today's @DanRather's America @BillNye joins us!
Urgent: If you are not aware and up to date on Hurricane Irma, read up on it now. Folks this is potentially more dangerous than Harvey.
On Labor Day, I pause amidst the din and strife of our current age, and thank those whose work is hard and difficult https://t.co/vKIB9YYUxA
In Seoul, they must be wondering how much they can trust the United States. https://t.co/RT4nGdlo51
A big concern to many is what is happening under Betsy DeVos at the Department of Education. https://t.co/3fIngkkx5B
uTexas v Maryland football. Texas problem for years has been defense. That's the case today as Horns trail Maryland late. #collegefootball
I remain an optimist in the basic goodness of my fellow citizens - of this nation and the world. https://t.co/aBa3tLUaKX
President Trump, it is un-American to slam the door behind you. https://t.co/9F4Nxdj0jk
The stories of heroism and tragedy in the wake of Hurricane Harvey have hit me hard. https://t.co/EbDLg51Ij7
RT @NewsandGuts: Part of the prob..w/his presidency, whether he is all show+no go. Or as they would say in TX, all hat and no cattle? https…
The ongoing tragedy in Texas, and now Louisiana, rightfully is dominating the attention of the press and the public. https://t.co/iA1Pe70f04
RT @RadioAndySXM: Don't miss @maddow coming up at 10:15 am ET/ 7:15 am PT on @DanRather's America
Our fellow Americans are hurting. We hear their cries for help. https://t.co/vVKLYPI0rJ
We will come together to rebuild lives, homes and communities. Because this is America. https://t.co/uRzCCUwH1v
Thinking of Houston and others in my home country, The Texas coast. Hurricane Hell, now with rain of biblical proportions.
It will take a while before we know the full tragic tally of death and destruction. https://t.co/nUeVWaLsTb
Trump's decision to pardon Sheriff Arpaio is a perversion of justice + demeans the prerogatives of the presidency: https://t.co/9SQihLSXhS
Hurricane raised to Cat 3 meaning sustained winds up to 130 mph, gusts higher w/ tremendous sea surge and heavy rains lasting for days.
Hurricane raised to Category 3 meaning sustained winds, 145mph, gusts higher w/ tremendous sea surge and heavy rains lasting for days.
The Natl weather service is using language not heard since Katrina, saying some areas may be uninhabitable for weeks. This is big folks.
Hurricane now seems likely to come in tonight and/or early tomorrow as Cat 3, winds around 145 mph, tremendous tidal wave + tremendous rain
Hurricane Harvey. No longer any doubt, it's major. Texas coast will be hard hit, as Far East as New Orleans and beyond will feel effects.
Harvey is not "just another" hurricane. Rising water and flooding may last for days with this one..plus wind damage fairly far inland.
Hurricane Harvey nearing Texas coast, looking especially dangerous. Now category 1, but expected to be 3 by landfall Fri or early Saturday.
I have been thinking a lot of the unity of our United States. How can you not in these troubled times? https://t.co/WgNtlRN9ny
This was Trump as candidate, uncaged, unscripted, unabashed, and frankly unhinged.  https://t.co/22AwmYrKRM
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@DanRather's America is back LIVE with @apalmerdc &amp; @hthompsn joining us! https://t.co/9N5E34k3lr
Bottom line conclusion on Pres. Trump's Afghanistan speech? We will continue to spend and bleed; no end in sight.
Trump speech: Pushing for increased India involvement is risky given Pakistan-India hostility.
Pres.Trump Aghanistan speech: says we will win, but fails to say what "win" is. 	How are to know when we have "won?"
I see it as a hopeful sign that this eclipse captured the nation's attention. We are passengers on a global journey. https://t.co/Db1DCwkNdk
Eclipse: been there, done that. Viewed the total eclipse from the rooftop in Manhattan. Awesome. https://t.co/2oEQWZwZcJ
I recently re-read "Man's Search for Meaning" by Viktor Frankl. One of the most important books of the 20th century. https://t.co/AKL4Vbppu3
It was a welcomed sight seeing the tens of thousand of peaceful protesters gather in the streets of Boston: https://t.co/g5fyNBONh6
Could be time for a reckoning, but it seems the only history Mr. Trump is interested in is revisionist sloganeering. https://t.co/Gugxt3lyEj
In these troubled times, do not overlook the power of song to rally spirits and channel anger + despair into action. https://t.co/EJN0g8PnAg
The real Trump has stood up... again. It was one of the most surreal and depressing presidential press conferences: https://t.co/ptbctZmF0E
Does President Trump's latest tweet infer the "Truly bad people!" are the press, not the Nazis? https://t.co/PPSjLrtGEY
Was Trump's statement too little, too late? He began by bragging about accomplishments, then briefly dealt w/talk about racism.
Pres. Trump's statement after public outrage comes late and was the least he could say to save any credibility.
Gorgeous evening at The Hollywood Bowl for a performance by Jewel (@Jeweljk).
The world is watching. History is watching. I hope we are up to the challenge. I think we are. https://t.co/VjuxIcuYFJ
My thoughts on what happened in Charlottesville today and on how the President reacted: https://t.co/wwnhA1x7nL
Violence amid White Nationalists protest in Virginia is disgraceful.
RT @MiamiBookFair: . @DanRather is on the #MiamiBookFair2017 guest list! Join us for another year of literature in the Magic City! https://…
RT @NewsandGuts: A book recommendation from @DanRather:		HILLBILLY ELEGY.  It became a popular read as Donald Trump ascended... https://t.c…
The art of the deal? Spare us. More like the art of the con... But the GOP made a cynical calculation. https://t.co/iTo6hyHdcC
A personal story on pain in the @nytimes today is getting a lot of attention. https://t.co/05In0aL4GM
The inability of many of our elected officials to take climate change seriously is a scandal of epic proportions. https://t.co/EOoAb6Y0G6
RT @RadioAndySXM: Coming up on today's @DanRather's America @nytimes Chief White House Correspondent @peterbakernyt joins us
Mr. Trump's rhetoric, particularly his recent tweets, could be setting the stage for a dangerous endgame. https://t.co/C5UwOSKu1W
Thinking about tornado-struck Tulsa, Oklahoma and all there.
Sometimes, amidst all the chaos of our present age, I find great solace in a moment of quiet reflection https://t.co/bGvOCbn4wD
I'm reading THE BLIND POOL, a political thriller as timely as your AM headlines (it involves Russia and the US). https://t.co/otQIJLBO2I
With all due respect, Mr. President and Attorney General Sessions, it appears you can't handle the truth. https://t.co/HpR7fpv4bh
We need an open and honest debate over immigration in America, but do we really want to begin that debate like this? https://t.co/O65AXNlQFG
With bluster + hubris, Trump commanded a chorus of approval from enablers, sycophants + cynical members of Congress https://t.co/HLaqOkxugq
"The Mooch' out as Trump's Communications Director: The most chaotic start to any American Presidency in history has just gotten worse.
In a Trump world news changes fast and sometimes media moves on from stories that deserve more attn. This is one: https://t.co/zu1DZ3uDuS
Perhaps the fortified walls of intransigent partisanship may start to crumble... https://t.co/jHYNLCtSaw
It is a cruel irony that President Truman desegregated the U.S. military (according to race) 69 years ago today. https://t.co/6mXoiyhFKe
Welcome back to @TheTexanist @TexasMonthly. Been gone too long. His newest column is about the wonders and perils of Tex Mex food.
Donald Trump's speech in front of the Boy Scouts of America was not only highly inappropriate. It was disgusting. https://t.co/j6GSQrTE3W
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@DanRather's back from his cross country trip &amp; gearing up for an all-new #danrathersamerica with @GenMhayden https://t.…
I came across this story that shows the distorted environment (literally + figuratively) in which we find ourselves. https://t.co/nW0htl4aXL
You get the feeling that this Russia story is a huge iceberg of which we are only seeing the tip.    https://t.co/mexXNY25wM
Sean Spicer resigns. Surprised he stayed as long as he did. In the present heat, there will be others who do the same.
Mr. Trump's credibility right now is not exactly rock solid: https://t.co/EmYCNzwpct
Secret meetings with the Russians? Forgotten meetings with the Russians? What the heck is going on? https://t.co/x2A8sDhgXF
Changing planes in Denver for NYC. Reminded that Denver's is one of the great airports in the world. Beautiful, well designed...it works.
Regret we're going to miss The Great Black Hills Duck Race, which is in today's @RCJournal newspaper (a pretty good local newspaper btw).
Leaving Rapid City, SD bound for NYC thru Denver. Our #roadtrip ends with fond memories..precious days for which I am prayerfully grateful.
Driving through Black Hills in SD. Where plains meet mysterious, mountains, where ghosts of Custer, crazy Horse, and wagon train women dance
Side trip to Crazy Horse Memorial, carved in mountainside. Inspiring, deep thought-provoking for my grandson and me. A must see. #roadtrip
Stopping for tacos at "Taco John's" near Chadron, NE. #roadtrip https://t.co/YtQ4yCUdou
With view of Mt Rushmore, doing little work this AM on What Unites Us book. It comes out in Nov. A few quick edits then off to explore park.
Starting day with patriotic March music: Semper Fidelis, Star and Stripes Forever, The Thunder, etc. Just to start day off energetically.
At Mount Rushmore. The great monument never disappoints. Grandson Martin got his 1st view just before twilight. More tomorrow. #roadtrip
Only the lonely...Driving on lonely--few other cars--but lovely stretch of Hwy 385 through NW Nebraska, near town of Alliance. #roadtrip
Leaving Grand Island, NE. Heading for Mount Rushmore by nightfall. Cloudless sky, smell of black land farms..driving toward the far horizon.
Drive out of Kansas into Nebraska, under a loud streaked sky...amidst the scent of cornfields.
You learn all kinds of things driving through mid-America. Like: Sonic doesn't have bathrooms. Also you forget how flat Kansas is.
Just crossing from Oklahoma into Kansas. Big wind farm with windmills coming into view as a rainstorm pours down.
At "Smokey Pokey" BBQ in Stillwater, OK. At next table Cowboys w/guns on their hips. Not lawmen best I could tell. Just local cow men.
Ok City's. "Cattleman's" restaurant is one of best. Just super. Warm and friendly with superb food.
I'm a Houston guy, but have to say @DFWAirport is 1 of, if not, the best in the world. Spacious, clean, efficient. Folks are very helpful.
"A little hitch in our giddyup" is how Grandad described the beginning of our trip through the heart of America. https://t.co/VnezsmJgKP
RT @NewsandGuts: "Its potential is to be even greater than the Watergate." @DanRather on @donlemon @cnn https://t.co/UROZlHO5lu
We the American people deserve to know what in God's name is happening. https://t.co/UcN8499TT4
RT @SXMPolitics: Talking freedom of the press with First Amendment lawyer Floyd Abrams and @DanRather https://t.co/wAm79p44dM
RT @RadioAndySXM: Standby an all-new @DanRather's America is moments away with guest #FloydAbrams https://t.co/eG0jHbiUj7
He (Putin) gets a pat on the back from the leader of the free world. It was a disturbing if not sickening display. https://t.co/ufUkrrT8zL
Trump Poland speech reverses previous statements questioning value of NATO. And first time he has been so critical of Russia.
President Trump pro-NATO speech in Poland is the best of his Presidency. That may be damning with faint praise, but there it is.
The Fourth of July has rightfully become a day of celebration. It is also a day for reflection. https://t.co/1JcAb5wIbz
Another day, another series of attacks by the President of the United States against the press. https://t.co/WwDZCE7LHn
This morning's demeaning, sexist, and scurrilous attack on Mika Brzezinski cannot go unmentioned. https://t.co/W2z5XX4LNG
If other nations don't think they can count on the US to be prudent and strong, they will make contingencies of how they can work around us. https://t.co/SFizlAohWt
RT @RadioAndySXM: Just ahead on @DanRather's America @russellberman &amp; @ddiamond will join us to breakdown the #HealthcareBill
The United States was attacked. It was attacked by a hostile foreign power who wished to harm our democracy. https://t.co/TSEFZBm8wc
"In matters concerning truth and justice there can be no distinction between big problems and small..." https://t.co/mJCgUg1Q2k
As we churn anxiously in the present, it's easy to forget small parts we play in a much larger cycle of life: https://t.co/2PAu3UBcKI
Thanks to @BuzzFeed for sharing this chapter about empathy from my upcoming book. I see it as 1 of our core values. https://t.co/7VZe7OHziZ
Some reflections on last night's special election in Georgia: https://t.co/N2iM0XFzyz
This is quite a quote:		"Trump has been ruled by compulsions, obsessions and vindictiveness..."	https://t.co/TdMiCOS4dF
Nothing I have ever seen approaches what is going on in Washington today. https://t.co/VOiuOXFi1P
If this is the new normal, than every member of the press should do whatever is in his/her power to not normalize it https://t.co/SMWIENSGJO
Please, dear God, let us heal. 		The shooting today of Republican members of Congress is a tragedy. https://t.co/rNKSEut4OC
An America that produces people like this has a shot to pull itself out of its tailspin. https://t.co/1utmKWk4sX
RT @RadioAndySXM: Less than 15 minutes away from another @DanRather's America with @Fahrenthold &amp; @sirharryevans #DanRathersAmerica
What is really going on with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Russia? https://t.co/Jth5rxJD16
None of what is happening at the top of government now is normal. None of it. And no one should normalize it. https://t.co/OGmgudhxpw
The cover to my new book what unites us has been released. Excited for you all to see it. https://t.co/C4O98JZTk0
One of Comey’s most talked-about statements may be backed up by the uncontrolled tweetstorm of the President himself https://t.co/Pu0yMg83ud
How do you measure patriotism in the wake of the unprecedented developments we saw yesterday on Capitol Hill? https://t.co/0PvVlaU4sg
Many things you can say about former FBI Director James Comey, but one thing is certain: he is a master storyteller. https://t.co/wAMLCFDfLL
Comey says Pres Trump “lied" about reasons for his firing.
Comey testifies “no doubt” Russians were involved in hacks during the election.
Highlight: Comey testimony that is “not for me to say” whether Pres Trump intended to obstruct justice in talks about Flynn case.
Highlight so far, right at the start, Comey testifies that President Trump “lied" (about the FBI being in disarray).
FYI: I’ll be filing thoughts today re: Comey on Twitter, also on my personal FB page and on my Internet news site “News and Guts.” Thanks.
Hope you can join me on @MSNBC @HardballChris tonight at 7pm ET. I'll be talking about Jame Comey's testimony.
Careless statements that deepen divisions are not leadership. https://t.co/TCgyhvidaH
Congrats to #SHSU baseball advancing to their 1st #SuperRegionals. I'm always a proud alum, but especially love the never-quit in this team.
Hope you can tune in to @CNN @DonLemon tonight at 10pm ET. I'll be talking about the Paris Agreement and what Putin said today.
Tune into @Lawrence O'Donnell @MSNBC at 10:30 tonight. I'll be talking about the climate deal, what it means for the U.S. and more.
It is as was feared. President Trump has withdrawn the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement. https://t.co/DtroSkwgV4
History will judge mercilessly President Trump's reported decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement. https://t.co/BbTbD3V1zM
I'm reading Mark Bowden's new book, Hue 1968: A Turning Point of the American War in Vietnam. It's superb. https://t.co/3rzTz7g3kL
Whatever you thought of past Presidents, there was no doubt that he was the leader of the free world, but today? https://t.co/yrIZ0xqpv2
In my wilderness retreat, where deer, turkey +bears play as eagles fly over. I'm thinking into the night of the true meaning of Memorial Day
I chose on this Memorial Day optimism for our national destiny. https://t.co/tOhCDPaA8p
Dear Pres Trump, Their names were Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche + Ricky John Best. I wish we would hear you say them https://t.co/arrCkVfgpj
Saddened to learn that the great musician Gregg Allman has passed. Had a good time interviewing him at length, learned a lot. #RIPGregg
Sad to report rock legend Gregg Allman has passed away at age 69. We sat down with Gregg at his home for our series. https://t.co/awHINJbgBf
Just in case you haven't yet seen this bombshell of a headline... https://t.co/Bt0uf88N0H
We see hostility from many of our elected officials driving policy in the wrong direction on so many issues. https://t.co/zkYkin4ZbL
The winds of our age howl and swirl and rattle the windows of our souls. So much sadness and anxiety. https://t.co/aEXsAYn8SH
The CBO rating of the Republican health care bill that passed the House is in, and it isn't pretty. https://t.co/DeEYNF0odr
RT @RadioAndySXM: Coming up on today's @DanRather's America @sethmoulton joins us!
Trump risks gaining a reputation overseas (and at home) of “the truth isn’t in him.” A dangerous rep. Dangerous for him and the country.
The President is reversing campaign promises. His position on Islam + Muslims, stance re changing Israel’s capital to Jerusalem and more...
My hope is that it is such a raging inferno that even the most cynical GOP members cannot ignore the flames. https://t.co/JfEcB3xg4H
These types of investigations tend to stir up more dirt than anyone thought. We will see if that happens now. https://t.co/sZPdB8a2qS
Of all the checks and balances in our system government, where would be be today w/our a free and independent press? https://t.co/7RzVT3JO3C
I end each of my days with a silent prayer for my country. https://t.co/EATXxSE2Rq
If this reporting bears out, our security and that of our allies has been compromised. https://t.co/Ma8gR1Sk0K
I have lived through nearly 4,500 weeks in my life, and I have never seen a week like the one we just had. https://t.co/EVB3t09MAQ
Please monitor our News and Guts Facebook page for all of today's developments regarding this story and more. https://t.co/8RQ1qjLUFD
Future generations may mark today as one of the truly dark days in American history... https://t.co/vcpkjzBuj2
RT @RadioAndySXM: Coming up at 10a ET/7a PT @ProfDBrinkley joins @DanRather for an all-new #DanRathersAmerica
While making some reporting rounds and doing other travel around the country, I am talking to Trump voters. Listening, learning.
A pleasure appearing on @KHOU @GreatDayHouston this week: https://t.co/CaGU7rBA1o
History doesn't reward political victories, it rewards improvements in the human condition. https://t.co/ZLxwExhFOL
Distressed at the news of the passing of distinguished former CBS News correspondent Bruce Hall. https://t.co/1CGFkysfB3
Good TV series: "Einstein"on National Geographic channel @NatGeo.
Reading @SirHarryEvans new book, Do I Make Myself Clear? Why Writing Well Matters. Evans is one of the best editors. https://t.co/e53B0GeyBJ
An important reminder about our military. https://t.co/hhqRKjcr6U
The sheer craziness of this obsession by Trump w/ Andrew Jackson and the Civil War is a carnival act: https://t.co/IGoI6j9zkT
Maybe I shouldn't be, but surprised at amount of feedback from this past wk's @people magazine. Wonders never cease. https://t.co/ZjtejY2QYi
What is the price of stability? President Trump seems to have a lot to learn about cost benefit analysis. https://t.co/lkjUbP7P0R
Series "Victoria" good on @netflix. Especially for history buffs like me.
Thanks to @politico for the kind words. Proud of what we've built @NewsandGuts as well. It wouldn't be possible without you, our followers. https://t.co/QNxdmaiZ5i
Pope Francis delivered a surprise TED talk about power and humility that is as memorable as I've seen in some time. https://t.co/HTzgdCDIkr
Now President Trump is threatening a trade war with Canada. Canada! What can one say? https://t.co/MFYXQGjSlx
Re-reading "Man’s Search For Meaning" by Viktor Frankl, a memoir about his life in concentration camps. One of best books I’ve ever read.
RT @RadioAndySXM: Gearing up for another @DanRather's America talking @ScienceMarchDC with #CarolineWeinberg coming up in 10 minutes!
I would like to thank the fine folks at @People for taking such a keen interest in the community we are creating. https://t.co/T4AFLRPyCx
Glad to be a part of this new @CNN series produced by @TheRock. Hope you are tuning in right now. https://t.co/joLcUc0ZGD
RT @RadioAndySXM: "We the people of the United States are on the brink of a possible war." -@DanRather https://t.co/uA9YZLfTYF
@Rosie Thank you for the kind words Rosie.
This week brought perhaps the most dangerous and destabilizing events in the presidency of Donald Trump: https://t.co/rnBZB1oOI9
Good read: "How America Is Losing the Credibility War" by Anthony Blinken in the @nytimes.		https://t.co/xG428etGhI
RT @RadioAndySXM: Hopscotching the globe for headlines, @danrather is live and @davidgregory will be joining us next! Listen live: https://…
K.V. Switzer is back at the Boston Marathon at the age of 70. A reminder that sometimes there is power in one.		https://t.co/6SxIofONV8
Passover and Easter greetings to all. And a spring greeting to any of you who may not celebrate either holiday. https://t.co/qFdUIeO4Xt
Hope you all can tune in. https://t.co/cVwUWLxQS8
Along a stretch of the Texas Colorado river that runs through Austin where I love to wander the robins are back. https://t.co/QBi0IrgTPu
I will be stopping by The Rachel @Maddow Show tonight to talk politics and world affairs with my good friend. Tune in if you are inclined.
I'll be joining @ErinBurnett at 7pm and @DonLemon at 10pm to talk about the bomb dropped in Afghanstan today and other news of the day.
My thoughts are with David Letterman today, whose mother passed away at the age of 95. https://t.co/XbccbadaIy
I do not see how Sean Spicer can be allowed to continue in his current position. https://t.co/9mZnuAiA4y
RT @RadioAndySXM: Don't miss today's edition of @DanRather's America! @SteveKornacki stops by plus the latest news &amp; headlines #DanRathersA…
A big tip of the Stetson to the outstanding David A. Fahrenthold of @washingtonpost for winning a ... https://t.co/jFOFytuhgf
The truly great presidents understand that knowing when NOT to act is as important as knowing when to act. https://t.co/GQmr90bg0i
There are serious investigations into collision between Trump associates and Russian operatives. That is the story. https://t.co/EVovpVF8Kg
It is tragic that it takes a deadly gas attack in Syria to put the heartbreaking plight back in the headlines. https://t.co/p1VLHO4yLW
RT @RadioAndySXM: Coming up at the top of the hour @DanRather is back with an all-new #DanRathersAmerica &amp; guest @costareports
NCAA: rather sloppily played final. Poorly officiated, but exciting. Congrats to NC and salute to a Gonzoga  team that fought it's heart out
NCAA finals: Gonzaga's man in the middle had bad first half --and still team leads at halftime. #finalfour
Men's NCAA Title game: UNC has to be favored to win tonight. But any team that plays defense like Gonzaga can't be taken lightly.
The Democrats seem to have secured the votes for a Senate filibuster of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court. https://t.co/PUaIrX6BMm
South Sudan's human disaster is worsening as most of world ignores. Tragedy. Disgrace. https://t.co/jDUy23WQqm
Upper Beaverkill NY too cold for good opening weekend fishing, but did catch one nice rainbow on muddler fly.
Yankees look terrible on opening day versus Tampa Bay. Awful pitching. Weak bats. #openingday
If SC wins + SC women win it would be a history for the state since Clemson is football champ +Coastal Carolina is collegiate baseball champ
1600 Pennsylvania Ave is the most powerful address in the world. It can also at times feel like one of the loneliest https://t.co/UY31TCOxBY
Best read of the day: Jennifer Senior's column on page 1 of Thursday NYT Arts Section. It's about Nixon and striking similarities to Trump. https://t.co/4XZ0zqd3B9
It is important to remember how radical Mr. Trump’s foreign policy is. https://t.co/DwztCXcLV5
RT @RadioAndySXM: Peeling back the layers behind Erik Prince with @jeremyscahill and @DanRather #DanRathersAmerica https://t.co/3xxUlVZN9S
I hope you'll join me tonight at 8pm eastern for The Big Interview with @Clint_Black on @AXSTV. https://t.co/L0brEJjCCJ
The power to destroy is a lot easier than the energy it takes to build. An early lesson of the Trump Presidency. https://t.co/w6OmjqihDz
RT @RadioAndySXM: Getting our Tuesday going with @DanRather's America! Coming up today @jeremyscahill stops by
We're roughly two months into the Trump Presidency, and it is the worst start to a time in office I have ever seen. https://t.co/QiW5wQA9rF
Hard to believe the Texas legislature is trying to cut UT's budget by ten percent and slash other state schools. Short sighted and dumb.
Kentucky v North Carolina should be adead-even betting game. Two blue-chip hoops schools vying for spot in ... https://t.co/C6Q9EkrP5w
Stunning. A complete defeat that I don't think anyone would have predicted in the manner that took place. https://t.co/onXpVKfuCt
Loser. That's a word that Donald Trump fears being called more than any other. https://t.co/UDpqcW82JV
And so we find ourselves this morning at another numerical milestone on our page, 2 million likes. https://t.co/sAIzJF2tVL
The cauldron of chaos + confusion which engulfs President Trump in his early days in office is simply unprecedented. https://t.co/TO4gG09JxH
Please tune into @AXSTV right now to see my interview with @NorahJones. I had a fascinating conversation with the great jazz artist. https://t.co/fDg9TRxwph
It was a distinct pleasure to meet and speak with the talented singer songwriter @NorahJones. https://t.co/9Hyz6MpAlw
RT @RadioAndySXM: Just a few minutes away from @DanRather's America &amp; Coming up LIVE at 10:15 ET guest @robbymook
If you are a praying person, today is a day to pray for the future of your country. https://t.co/Z6jFm9o0MJ
Mourning the passing of Jimmy Breslin. He was one of the great newspapermen of all time and a great, compassionate man. #RIPJimmy
The future of American science is in a moment of peril. https://t.co/JJNHyhRw5L
A tribute to the passing of the one and only Chuck Berry. May he rest in peace. https://t.co/kENIIoZ33s #chuckberry
"Cruel and unusual," the phrase rings in my head as I read the reports of President Donald Trump's proposed budget. https://t.co/6KWWKVvCPe
If you are @sxsw today please come check out our panel today "The War at Home: Trump and the Mainstream Media." https://t.co/EMwNFvIZ8Q
Rhetoric, please meet Reality. Where you go from here, we are all very interested to see. https://t.co/TwmFz594RW
Well folks let's see what this is all about. RT @maddow: BREAKING: We've got Trump tax returns. Tonight, 9pm ET. MSNBC.		(Seriously).
A government without science is a government without modernity. https://t.co/gcDvxWuCyf
Surprise, if you spend less you cover fewer people - a lot fewer people. Millions and millions of fewer people: https://t.co/PnsRddLqzC
Excited to join my good friend @sethmoulton tonight at 8pm here in #Austin https://t.co/JmNdhVbwG4
As we head into a Friday evening, the Jewish sabbath, I find myself thinking about anti Semitism. https://t.co/utDPcVjqfq
.@NewsandGuts: To put jobs #'s in perspective, 76 months of jobs growth is a record. We mention because Trump claimed he inherited a mess.
I am writing a book to be published this fall. And I couldn't have done it without all of your encouragement. https://t.co/D6vrzjc6xh
Andrea Mitchell @mitchellreports being kicked out of State department presser...full support and encouragement to her. Solidarity.
So it turns out drafting major health care legislation is difficult, who knew? https://t.co/Kad64fEQxA
Hope you can tune into The Big Interview on @AXSTV tonight at 8pm ET/7pm CT for my interview with legendary singer Crystal Gayle. https://t.co/mIAENrI2km
At some points words fail, or they are starting to fail me. We have an Administration in freefall. https://t.co/Ngi4ptndoU
Appearing tomorrow @SXSWedu. Austin Convention Ctr, Exhibit Hall 4, 8:30am. Talking about @RatherPrize and how we can all improve education.
When are we ever going to get full story of the Trump-Russia connections? A bi-partisan	 independent commission would be a help.
Our great nation is in a perilous moment, and the world is watching with great unease. We want the truth... https://t.co/usNE6mpYdE
Slashing scientific research into climate change will not prevent our planet from warming. It will just mean we will know less. https://t.co/khR1vlkrMm
Do you think you have data storage problems? Just imagine multiplying that by all the people on Earth. https://t.co/ZN1arGsX3f
We are well past the time for any political niceties or benefits of the doubt. https://t.co/p7RgJFDjZY #sessions
The TelePrompTer-ed Trump is receiving good reviews this AM. But in going over the actual substance of the speech, there are problems. https://t.co/DlVIKOI0B1
President helped himself last night. 	Speech playing to emotions and centering on economic nationalism, but now people will look for action.
Coming at 8p et, hope you can tune in to @AXSTV for The Big Interview with @kixbrooks from @brooks_dunn. https://t.co/siwJRIUZkg
Hope you all can tune in to @axstv tomorrow at 8p et for my latest Big Interview. https://t.co/WLeJWEQD3i
I believe in a strong and well resourced military. But wise government is about making choices. https://t.co/c87bMDIfZz
How many times did we hear the term "radical islamic terrorism" from President Trump? https://t.co/OSdwRX1XFj
This was a pleasure. If you missed this interview hope you can watch now. https://t.co/WKylT2f1T7
When the cat's away the mice will play. Wondering how this will play out? https://t.co/kOeIXAzzEo
Join us at 11:30 pm et on @MTV2, I'll be breaking down the bull shine and brass tax of the Trump presidency with @cthagod. https://t.co/gbAoJMaNzQ
The time for normalizing, dissembling, and explaining away Donald Trump has long since passed. https://t.co/yOAracVN7w
We are talking about the White House banning several media outlets from the press briefing today. It's coming up now on @MSNBC @hardball.
WH scrambling to divert attn from alleged Russian ties. Independent investigation needed as GOP allies in Congress try to help bury story.
Another day, another attack by the President of the United States against reputable news organizations. https://t.co/6GQu1scxeC
As we careen deeper into the time of Trump, it never hurts to take a deep breath and gain some perspective. https://t.co/n96WPhaw9f
We are in the process of being diminished, and we must resolve to not let those forces crush us. https://t.co/RN1bAGxbnK
Alarming. These contacts between the WH and FBI are a breach of long standing protocols, protocols that are in place for good reason. https://t.co/Ozwv6LVZZb
President Donald Trump has finally spoken...calling the rise of antisemitism "horrible" and "painful." https://t.co/zAdGfHzWv4
Tune into @axstv right now to see my interview w/ @icecube. He's a talented actor (currently in @fistfightmovie), rapper and so much more. https://t.co/w7BYF8WZHa
Really enjoyed having young journalist @AlexWagner on my @SiriusXM @RadioAndySXM program this morning. https://t.co/2JX9ncL0hB
RT @RadioAndySXM: We're LIVE with @DanRather's America! Coming up today @alexwagner joins us
Journalists, I know you will not be bullied or intimidated. Keep doing your job. Your country depends on you. https://t.co/94xIMScmp0
Pres. Trump's press conference yesterday is one of the most unusual and unsettling, perhaps in our history. https://t.co/8KNzYgLWPe
Race relations, police brutality, guns and Trump's travel ban. Just some of what I covered in my talk w/ @icecube: https://t.co/un91jVrWnU
Trump's newser is turning a lot of heads, + that's saying something considering what has come before it. @washingtonpost has an a transcript https://t.co/MnafOoeiOj
Dangerous: North Korea, Iran and now Russia are all testing Trump w/ new missle tests. Russian missle test is in open violation of treaty.
Watergate is the biggest political scandal of my lifetime, until maybe now: https://t.co/9NCmordowo
RT @NewsandGuts: Flynn say he "inadvertently briefed the VP-elect + others w/ incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russ…
Is Donald Trump the Republican Party, and are Republicans Donald Trump? https://t.co/aZ9GLoN9oi
Is there still room in this crazy world for science, reason, and thoughtful conversation? I would like to think so. https://t.co/EMmZdxqKhS
As we close out a third week with President Trump, there are reminders everywhere of all that divides us. https://t.co/3SceZvafaP
Court ruling against President Trump is a learning moment for Americans &amp; for the world about our system of checks and balances on power.
Russian interference in our last election and the response is one of the bigger stories I have seen in a long time. https://t.co/QzngQOb2Wa
Trying to silence speech can sometimes backfire on those seeking to suppress a message. https://t.co/8KRRPEkzIe #LetLizSpeak
Enjoyed having @iamjohnoliver on my Sirius radio program this morning. Lots of laughs mixed with serious talk. https://t.co/xEgmY8E1jy
RT @RadioAndySXM: Don't miss today's @DanRather's America! Coming up at 10 AM we've got @LastWeekTonight's @iamjohnoliver
Mr. President, with all due respect. The job of protecting this country from a terrorist attack falls on you... https://t.co/ezfwFhkklG
Many reporters are rising to the challenge of our times, but few stand out in my mind as much as @CNN's @JakeTapper: https://t.co/NdftHEcEo6
Greatest comeback in Super Bowl history - nevermind the overall quality of play amidst a flurry of penalty flags: https://t.co/Zg65rltYp5
I wouldn't be surprised to see Atlanta win, but can't bet against the Patriot's Brady in a big game. #Super Bowl
There is no world where the moral equivalence of the United States and Putin's Russia is equal. https://t.co/sY3tqs0Us9
A fiercely independent press is not a partisan issue. It is central to the continuation of our democratic ideals. https://t.co/mkuMdVXgR4
Donald Trump attacks a federal judge. Again. https://t.co/2N4krHAo58
Trump seems to be blowing up American foreign policy... This is not only chaotic and confusing; it is dangerous. https://t.co/kNxQTT4exV
Excited to let you know @FallonTonight reached out to me to talk about news of the day and our social media. I'll be on today at 11:35 pm ET
Days into the Trump Presidency + we've had to endure more disruptions in our govt than has been seen in a long time: https://t.co/u6seIBs3xG
I think that we will see an increasing voice for political art in the present era. https://t.co/l4Wbh9sxE6
As we consider all the men, women, and children who will now be affected by President Trump's immigration ban... https://t.co/6LmqIATSSd
Alienating people around the world today along ethnic and religious lines? https://t.co/a7Eecoy1p6
Today I shed a tear for the country I know and love, the one I believe still beats in the heart of most citizens: https://t.co/cIkv7PlbI0
In the days and months ahead, Americans will have their struggles, some more so than others. https://t.co/KBVCb2efC7
Willie Nelson canceled some upcoming concerts in Vegas. Wishing my favorite outlaw a quick recovery.
RT @NewsandGuts: "it's the twilight zone, it's a very weird feeling to be in the country just now." Our own @DanRather on @maddow: https://…
I'm deep in regret about the passing of Mary Tyler Moore. What an actress. What a woman. What a person. Always gracious, filled w/good humor
RT @RadioAndySXM: Coming up on today's @DanRather's America @JohnAvlon stops by &amp; we'll be covering the top stories of the day!
Thanks to @HardballChris for having me on. There was certainly lots of ground to cover tonight. https://t.co/QcElzMxm1s
Programming alert: I'll be on @hardball at 7pm ET with @hardballchris. We will be talking about Trump, Sean Spicer, the media and more.
These are not normal times. These are extraordinary times. And extraordinary times call for extraordinary measures. https://t.co/iHqDOSI8bp
Such a strange and unprecedented 24 hrs in so many ways. The President launched two attacks on the press. https://t.co/lHbRAYmjyj
For Trump, the tests will come. Some of the most important ones will come from foreign powers and some dangerous. 	https://t.co/96XUVbJDmQ
I have never seen my country on an inauguration day so divided, so anxious, so fearful, so uncertain of its course. https://t.co/fkojvuc1er
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@DanRather is LIVE with a special Inauguration Day broadcast of #danrathersamerica
It is not only important that we fund good journalism, we must find a way to break the business model of fake news. https://t.co/WV7YSuMeaZ
Democracy is much more than just the right to vote. It is the duty to participate. https://t.co/qEyruSkLw8
Movie “Fences” gets high reviews in my household. Powerful. Sticks with you long after you’ve seen it.
Took terrific @VonlaneMotors mega-bus from Austin to Houston today. First class, inexpensive, fast (for total time invested it beats planes)
Sad to hear of Gene Cernan's passing. He was the last person to walk on the moon. 		https://t.co/x6TyGDgyBy
Martin Luther King, Jr. would have been 88 years old today: https://t.co/ru3gNMDDne
Elections have consequences, but so does a cancer diagnosis, a debilitating accident... https://t.co/yuiaM7064E
There's a lot about yesterday's press conference that was chilling. https://t.co/0tPlzB6Hac
A tip of the journalist Stetson to @AndersonCooper. Journalism is not just about asking "the question", but often the follow up. https://t.co/HysWEWr2IB
President Asterisk. I think that is what Donald Trump is worried about - https://t.co/hRp8W6QTXy
"Trust me. it's going to be great." That seemed to be the overall message of Trump's news conference: https://t.co/WaSY0INtg2
Always a pleasure hanging with the cast of @sesamestreet. Yesterday they stopped by the @SIRIUSXM studios. https://t.co/87OoeZd2S0
I got the sense watching the President that this will not be the last we will see of him commanding a public stage. https://t.co/F1jvqqte84
Hearing great things about the documentary I Am Not Your Negro, distributed by my good friends at @MagnoliaPics: https://t.co/r2eXGzciHz
Clemson is playing it's heart out, but it's offense hasn't got into a rhythm thus far against one of best defenses in college football.
Bama dominating early. If-if-this continues, it won't be close. Defense is the difference so far.
Just before kickoff a wee voice whispers, Clemson can win. Best defense usually wins. Bama has best defense+depth. Clemson has best offense
National championship game tonight. Never bet against a Saban team in a big game, but Clemson has a chance to upset. #cfbplayoff
Friends please follow my new digital news feed, as well, here on twitter @NewsandGuts. We'll be following all the days news there. https://t.co/e9hNhZETvJ
Fed Reserve hints another interest rate increase may come in 2017. Easy to ignore, but so important to natl and world economic planning.
What happens when you put Trump and Twitter together with the age of the hack? https://t.co/TF8wCngVBe
Meryl Streep's anti-Trump speech at The Golden Globes touches on protecting journalists RT @goldenglobes: https://t.co/FTubRjDN5T
The White House has issued a goodbye video to @potus w/messages from a variety of voices (some quite recognizable). 	https://t.co/233uD99udl
A heartfelt happy 75th birthday to Stephen Hawking. We need science now more than ever. https://t.co/n1TYXZ3jZs
Donald Trump loves to tweet. And that poses a problem for journalists: https://t.co/Ve9ic4DjzG
There is "great concern" over incomplete ethics reviews into Trump's cabinet nominations: https://t.co/ehjbN5mP3R
.@teenvogue continues to establish itself as a beacon for issues impacting young women's lives. https://t.co/ENx0cvwdj6
We're all living on one planet, this one, for the foreseeable future, and it's literally starting to break apart. 		https://t.co/p9864gNP2F
Big q's as the Russian influence story has unfolded: How strong is the evidence and how high did it go? https://t.co/saTJexflPh
Several people have been shot at the Ft. Lauderdale airport. Hearing reports that the shooter has been detained.		https://t.co/tfouFkKd6g
As someone who has been around news for a long time, I can tell you this feels big. The plot is beginning to thicken https://t.co/ZEGp1RWULo
An interesting perspective on how the Republicans are going to schedule confirmation hearings. 		https://t.co/bxAMoUi6aw
I am not one to usually make big deals of numeric milestones. https://t.co/O02wJWvpSD
Hillary Clinton will attend Donald Trump's inauguration, as will former Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.		https://t.co/N2ld9q9I7d
If this is how it’s going to be, we’re in for a wild ride. The Pres-elect is making news as fast as he can tweet. https://t.co/AJz0iqE9Xm
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@erinburnett of @OutFrontCNN joins @DanRather LIVE #DanRathersAmerica
The @Wsj editor's decision about how it will report on Donald Trump’s potential future lies is deeply disturbing: https://t.co/ZLp21EmtB2
We know Donald Trump knows how to Tweet, but it is unclear what else he knows about computers: https://t.co/RFJkQpOGNk
In honor of the New Year spirit, I thought it would be worth sharing a poem from the incomparable Emily Dickinson.. https://t.co/u0J4vF7SXN
So it's Alabama v Clemson for college national championship. Result of Clemson's total domination of Ohio State tonight. #fiestabowl
Too early to count Ohio State out but they are in a heap of trouble.		So far Coach Urban Meyer has been badly out-coached. #fiestabowl
Field goal chances figuring heavily thus far. Clemson makes one; Ohio State misses two. #fiestabowl
Ohio State v Clemson defensive game so far. Early on Clemson, both lines, slightly outplaying Buckeyes. #fiestabowl
'Bama pass rush was difference against Washington. Tide too big, tough &amp; deep for Huskies - they win 24-7 &amp; head to title game.
Have the US sanctions against Russia actually strengthened the relationship between Trump and Putin? 		https://t.co/tx04MAuXHo
President Obama issues sanctions over Russia's involvement in the election. 	https://t.co/TZVbuM97Ny
I cannot believe 2016 has now taken Debbie Reynolds as well - just the day after her daughter Carrie Fisher's death. https://t.co/AeJ47SXh48
Such sad news to report, but word has just come in that Debbie Reynolds died. Her son's statement said "She's with Carrie."
Subscriptions for many publications are surging as perhaps Americans realize that good reporting isn't free... https://t.co/P3Eh4OE5HT
Carrie Fisher has passed away at the age of 60. https://t.co/p31kkmvHxF
George Michael, quietly and secretly gave a lot of his money and time to charitable endeavors:		https://t.co/ROx1ZoRhEW
Are the gloves off between President Obama and President-elect Trump? https://t.co/8CUqtm6Whc
I am sorry to break the Christmas spirit, but a colleague brought this GOP message to my attention... https://t.co/rUfq6G89kZ
Waves of division, anger, and suspicion course throughout our nation, and a restive world. https://t.co/GuEQ6h90z2
A great football day today. Seahawks seem to be coming on. Not predicting it, but they just might be SuperBowl material despite down period.
My thoughts and prayers are with Carrie Fisher, her family, loved ones and countless friends. 	https://t.co/JJaEv72EwO
From the world of rationality and science. Advances like this are not miracles. They are the product of smart minds		https://t.co/Hn3Y3Gl0bL
Nuclear weapons are not a game. They are not a toy for the petulant + ill-informed to boast about in tweets: https://t.co/0T9jN9YkBN
Climate change is real and those who deny its existence at this pivotal juncture will not be judged well by history. https://t.co/tLHwZ2yt11
I think at this point, we can stop calling them climate change deniers. Reality Deniers is closer to the truth. 	https://t.co/j6zNxzfs3P
Jeff Bezos' ownership has turned the @washingtonpost around, returning it to relevance and, if not greatness, ... https://t.co/ZvETXex2AI
The brain of an octopus. It's pretty amazing when you dig below the surface. https://t.co/Ee6XlwyfBh
RT @RadioAndySXM: Just ahead on @DanRather's America @laurenduca &amp; @MichaelPeppard join us! Plus the latest news headlines
It's official. Donald Trump has received enough votes from the electoral college to make him President. 		https://t.co/VxL6hCFbHi
Several people are dead and at least 50 injured after a truck plows through a Christmas market in Berlin. 		https://t.co/YXg205Ue5t
Do not think that American greatness is preordained. It needs cultivating and care: https://t.co/UNTXXAXLaW
Here is where I would caution the incoming administration of @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/UNTXXAXLaW
The heartache and terror in Aleppo continues as buses meant to evacuate residents are burned.		https://t.co/1Sf1KQTJP5
A scientist's passionate plea for rationality... and courage in the @washingtonpost:		https://t.co/UcSLLE2g9b
A profile of our mercurial president from the point of view of race: https://t.co/IsmmmEgtgQ
Excellent article on Hank Williams in books section of weekend edition of @WSJ: https://t.co/xwyFti8OYZ
Bowl season starts today. Expect Alabama and Ohio State in championship final. But, hey, you never know. #CFB
Deeply troubling questions for those in the "news" business. 		https://t.co/UTKHEEutJy
Enjoyed @SamHoustonState's annual Christmastime alumni event at 21 Club this week.
I know there is a deep and abiding fear and panic across a lot of the country. https://t.co/gqMmJh4BrF
Is this tweet referencing this bad @VanityFair restaurant review of Trump Grill? https://t.co/06XCnc7zs8 https://t.co/MQZ6CKq73A
Austin bound to intervirew artist Jim Hodges at Contemporary Art Museum tonight.
Thanks to @HuffingtonPost for providing a visual representation to my idea for an Anti-Climate Change Monument. 		https://t.co/mEPgyCJrv2
A headline about the climate that hints at the sign of the times...		https://t.co/4s2Z6FDxR0
To cherry pick the science you like is to show you really don't understand much of anything: https://t.co/fJcWm2ZTMV
When Santa came to visit a child he had no idea he would be there for the boy's final moments. Get tissues ready.		https://t.co/RxAMgmg6gv
This article tells the story of what could be considered one small act of kindness. https://t.co/oFQDfTgz6b
Actually people do know climate change is real - like scientists and almost every other head of state in the world.		https://t.co/WB1VKDyCFO
.@teenvogue may be an unlikely source for a detailed look at "Gaslighting" + Donald Trump, but there you have it...		https://t.co/mgh534J8AG
The question now is whether this will be a Trump Putin Administration or a Putin Trump Administration? https://t.co/PF20Xo89zh
A dramatic headline, and the reporting behind it. 		https://t.co/iU0h41f4mW
RT @AXSTV: Get a first look... @billboard has an exclusive preview of @KeithUrban on The #BigInterview with @DanRather: https://t.co/B5CYKe…
John Glenn, one of the truly great explorers passed into the great unknown. May his spirit, whose restlessness expanded our horizons, RIP.
In San Fran? I'll be leading a panel tonight about a documentary I'm developing on the '64 Tokyo Olympics. Details:		https://t.co/YCOXjDBsfn
Programming note: If you can tune in tonight at 11p ET/10p CT I'll be on @BravoWWHL with @Andy and @CourtneyBVance.
75 years ago today, the United States was plunged into World War II by the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. https://t.co/5GH121K5FG
.@TIME magazine names President-elect Donald Trump "person of the year" saying:		https://t.co/fSdgub6qdd
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@DanRather is back LIVE with an all-new #DanRathersAmerica &amp; today's guest @JoyAnnReid
Jeff Foxworthy gives us a timely reminder of the kindness and generosity needed this holiday season, and beyond.		https://t.co/Ck1tn3U9Yr
President-elect Donald Trump nominates Dr. Ben Carson for secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).
Montgomery... Stonewall... Standing Rock?    	https://t.co/TUMcBmPHKK
Trump's Twitter feed suggests our in-coming president is obsessed with the minutiae of his thin-skinned vanity: https://t.co/RUSyWqsZ3k
If people want to live in a post-truth world, where experts are all biased and facts are up for interpretation... https://t.co/rvU7HPlZQ4
I have said before there are no training wheels to becoming president. We may have seen the effects of that today. https://t.co/yFUQkyimvp
The (so-called) House Science Committee tweets out Breitbart "article" denying accepted science of climate change..		https://t.co/u7Ekzuq1MS
61 years ago today a seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama refused to give up her seat on a segregated city bus... https://t.co/bs4mllLsyf
President -elect Donald Trump says he will be leaving his businesses behind to focus on being President. Wonder what the kids role will be? https://t.co/ffTRd7NuJ8
How do you deal with a president-elect, and eventually a president, who regularly Tweets untrue statements? https://t.co/eFvvX5nPJp
RT @davidbrockdc: Heads Up: I'll be on @DanRather's America this morning starting around 10:15AM. Sirius XM Ch. 102
Frightening situation. Motive still unknown. https://t.co/8jFNobfVBH
Could someone who has Donald Trump's ear please take away his phone + tell him that he now has a very big job to do? https://t.co/WcrtzMw2i2
This story from @voxdotcom is a reminder that sometimes small actions, close to home, can have real effects. 	https://t.co/QOzBBOT9yc
I met Castro several times, and whatever one thought of him and his policies there was no denying his charisma: https://t.co/hZDPPPUe6y
Fidel Castro's death comes at a time when the global environment has shifted + yet ghosts from the Cold War remain.	https://t.co/qADe3lA9pj
A great summary on @voxdotcom of the current situation at Standing Rock as winter + a Trump presidency approach. 		https://t.co/r3qsa0if2h
Florence Henderson bounded onto our television screens in another moment of tumultuous social change: https://t.co/hIkMkodH1T
Fly fishing for bass today on Texas Colorado River. Hope everything had a great Thanksgiving.
Read "A Torch Kept Lit: Great Lives of the Twentieth Century." It's a collection of work by the late William F. Buckley Jr. It's excellent.
Sometimes a voice from the past seems to speaks with uncanny clarity across the ages. https://t.co/RsR8zMn7Mi
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@DanRather is talking to @davidfrum from The Atlantic about President-elect Trump's transition and more. #DanRathersAmer…
An old book to recommend by my old friend/helluva reporter, the late Tommy Thompson. "Hearts" weaves in important, understandable science.
Donald Trump confirms the future First Lady will not be moving to The White House after the inauguration.		https://t.co/yPCRPZJPtJ
Alec Baldwin responds to Donald Trump's tweet about his portrayal of the President-elect on @nbcsnl. https://t.co/NUhcyyhMh7
Looks like even though he is now President-Elect, Donald Trump still doesn't enjoy Alec Baldwin's portrayal of him on @nbcsnl. https://t.co/zNjUTWsSsh
As Donald Trump continues to go after Hamilton here are my thoughts... https://t.co/PzzPX0inlk https://t.co/29c9vGE4j3
Donald Trump says his meeting w/ Mitt Romney "went great." No word on whether he will be named Secretary of State.		https://t.co/c7g1ZWpVek
Dr. Denton Cooley, who implanted the first totally artificial heart in Houston in 1969 has passed away. Knew him a bit. He was brilliant.
With Donald Trump in the White House could NASA return to the moon?		https://t.co/5WI94mVLwp
Alex Jones bears scrutiny in the Trump circles, as this @washingtonpost article makes abundantly clear. 		https://t.co/e6tck4Yors
Of all important issues to not get enough attention this election season, you can put drugs near the top of the list https://t.co/4fsC6RraPB
Mel Laird passed away today at the age of 94. I first met Mel when he was a Congressman out of Wisconsin. https://t.co/4Nq596KXUP
There are certain norms about the press and the presidency that are there for a reason. https://t.co/n02R80au1N
If you want to know what you can do, please choose to support the press. https://t.co/Wb66hQmqUh
Just a week after the election Mike Pence is finding himself embroiled in his own email squabble. 		https://t.co/drb4klz3iM
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@DanRather's America is LIVE now on @RadioAndySXM from coast-to-coast and everywhere in between! (844) 305-2639 https://…
I first met Gwen Ifill when she was a reporter at @nytimes. She became a pioneering journalist at NBC + PBS. My prayers are with her family.
A man who has significant ties to white supremacists is now part of Donald Trump’s White House. https://t.co/YDFs3oNZ9u #stevebannon
LA Rams v Jets yet another dull, poorly played NFL game. Boring. Compounded by too many commercials and promos.
Bryce Petty gets QB start for Jets. Watching with interest to see how the ex-Baylor star does. Have a hunch he might be good.
SNL puts comedy aside as Kate McKinnon opens the show singing Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah: https://t.co/PctUnB3rW1
RT @AXSTV: Join @DanRather as he hosts a Movie Marathon featuring Primary Colors, In the Line of Fire, and Ides of March. Begins today at 1…
Will Donald Trump only live in the White House part-time? https://t.co/0Ni5Kev6Oo
After a political defeat like the Dems suffered, there is always going to be a debate about the future of the party. https://t.co/0ZzbxacqWR
RT @THR: Dan Rather on Trump: "We cannot simply slough off these worries with incantations that everything will work out" https://t.co/2yGA…
RT @CNNTonight: .@DanRather: This was not just a political earthquake. It was a "psychological and emotional earthquake" for many.  https:/…
As the Trump administration starts to take shape in Washington, I find myself thinking of that historic city... 	https://t.co/8VmWq7naGE
As we sort through the aftershocks of the election it is perhaps fitting that we now celebrate Veterans Day: https://t.co/LrxIGtau8L
Tonight I have found myself returning to a spirit of uplift courtesy of Maya Angelou's Still I Rise. https://t.co/7y3tpNj2CC
Hillary Clinton has spoken - with graciousness and pathos. It was a speech she never wanted to make: https://t.co/RWHoDq5RAn
RT @RadioAndySXM: Reaction to @realDonaldTrump's stunning win in yesterday's election begins 9a ET w/ @DanRather, followed by @WillieGeist…
Trump's first words as President-Elect  https://t.co/BX79MbeJzL
We are entering a new America...  https://t.co/H4tJoSoEaX
If Trump wins: most stunning, unexpected Prez. election outcome since Truman beat Dewey (1948) &amp; maybe most unexpected in all US history
If this holds Clinton’s chances are doomed. Yogi Berra: “It ain’t over till it’s over” Rather’s corollary: “but when it’s over it’s over” https://t.co/Q5qjvuYHut
This isn’t over yet. But Clinton now must win WI, MI, &amp; PA to have any chance. But, to repeat for emphasis, it is not yet over.
Markets are reacting to a potential Trump win. Dow Futures are now down 500 points. World markets also falling.
Nearing cardiac arrest time for team Clinton. She trails in FL + VA. Early indications in Michigan are enough to give them heebie jeebies.
Trump now leading in Florida and Virginia. If--if--he wins both of those states his hopes for the Presidency will be very much alive.
The news out of Virginia have the Democrats shaking like a wet dog.
Democrats pick up a senate seat. Illinios’ Tammy Duckworth (Democrat) defeats the incumbent Mark Kirk (Republican).
This is what my late Grandmother would call “The Sweet Hour of Prayer” for Presidential candidates. Possible long night, so much at stake.
If Clinton wins Florida, this race will go faster than a Hamilton ticket at face value.
Scary situation unfolding near a Los Angeles polling place as one person is shot dead, others injured.	https://t.co/00pVEE4J1I
The fact that Georgia is “too close to call” means that the Solid South has gone the way of the VHS player.
The difference between “too close to call” and “too early to call” is the difference between looking for a Xanax and looking for a beer.
No surprise Trump wins Indiana + Kentucky. Clinton wins Vermont. Bigger, swing states, where polls just closed, are still too early to call.
No matter who you support, I think the anxiety in this country is as nervous as bird dogs in a duck bind.
Please keep in mind, exit polls can shift faster than a feather in a tornado. As can these early results coming in.
According to exit polls: Democratic turnout is generally down some from 2012, Republican turnout seems to be generally up.
1st exit poll info all about turnout, not about voting preferences.	Turnout exceptionally high in many places.
However this turns out, keep in mind the words of Roosevelt:  “The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.”
Some sketchy, very early trends in voting are being analyzed in secret by senior operatives on both sides. https://t.co/e9tc0AG3Z1
A child who suffers from cerebral palsy wanted to protest against Trump. What happened next is worth the read. 	https://t.co/k4tzc6LxjG
Well Election Day has finally come. May the coming hours proceed peacefully and may every vote be counted.
Why are some in political power so afraid of people voting? https://t.co/AyVd1f0i11
Hope you can tune into @CNN's @DonLemon tonight. I'll be on at 10:10p talking about the election.
Comey may want to say “oh nevermind” but we should mind and not forget - and not just on this issue. https://t.co/fWxfPHwsDe
A shameful campaign winds up with a shameful final chapter. How fitting. How disappointing: https://t.co/fWxfPHwsDe
Breaking: The FBI director says they've gone through all the emails relating to Hillary Clinton and reached the same conclusion as before. https://t.co/xdeL6U8SDm
RT @HDNETMOVIES: The choice is clear. Watch @DanRather's Election Movie Marathon starting today at 2|1c. Movie Lineup: https://t.co/qY0RZlm…
The Latino vote (even amongst voters who have never voted before) seems to be surging to unprecedented levels. https://t.co/ySUjg1SjXH
Woe to the nation that succumbs to cynicism. It is a poison that suffocates hope: https://t.co/xeX5KchANB
My heart goes out to @MichaelBuble and his family.  I just read his 3-year-old has been diagnosed w/ cancer. .God speed for a quick recovery
Watch @HDNETMOVIES on FB LIVE right now. They're talking about Sunday's Election Movie Marathon that I'm hosting: https://t.co/h2CQlx04kt
The Big Interview on @AXSTV has allowed me to interview some country greats like @tanya_tucker. Great to see her at #CMAawards50 last night. https://t.co/bEFCQmbetS
Missed my FB live about my @Udemy course? Check it out here: https://t.co/bAyKo0Hemi
As the KKK's official newspaper announces "support" for Trump this was especially timely: https://t.co/JugzG88vhd
Thanks Fred. It's been a great birthday and year. https://t.co/aWthGkRuU3
A week to Election Day and all the oxygen in the press is over the email controversy. Some provocative q's here...		https://t.co/0owgHcq8gq
Donald Trump's charitable contributions (or lack thereof) are again making news: 		https://t.co/ggqspJDxjJ
I understand that these final days of this unprecedented election season are sending many of us into a frenzy... https://t.co/0MvcgMDqnv
The Standing Rock protesters are proving to many the unequal differences in how our nation's laws are enforced. https://t.co/4cOoTXKMFF
Hillary Clinton holds a news conference to address the FBI's statement today about her emails. https://t.co/jvTXhOwKDp
Vice Presidential candidate Mike Pence is safe after his plane skids off the runway at LGA.
Even after the election expect the Supreme Court to be a very contentious issue not just across party lines...		https://t.co/INkjQx173g
Interviews Trump gave for an eventual biography show Trump's obsession with being the center of attention... https://t.co/BSJOXhYd4M
Do you agree with @NateSilver538's World Series predictions? See what he told me today on @SIRIUSXM. Who are you rooting for? https://t.co/wnR8vum9Lh
Colin Powell announces he will vote for @HillaryClinton:		https://t.co/RxKFCNbFzL
RT @AXSTV: New Tonight! Watch @MikeLoveOFCL on The Big Interview with @DanRather! https://t.co/CfIBkAYxDt
RT @brianstelter: T-minus 1 hour til a spicy edition of @ReliableSources... with @SeanSpicer, @DanRather, an essay about AT&amp;T &amp; much more...
RT @brianstelter: 24 hours til @ReliableSources... With @DrGailSaltz, @MZHemingway, @DanRather, @JaneHallAU, @MatthewJDowd, and hopefully y…
Cardinal Timothy Dolan says something rather interesting happened when he was with Clinton and Trump last night:	https://t.co/EWDq9xEKaV
Who knew that the best guide to this election was Donald Trump, albeit in reverse? https://t.co/Aw0aN8nfoR
.@voxdotcom's @ezraklein explains Clinton's effective debate strategy in a must-read piece. https://t.co/SWfcqEROMt
Trump may not agree to abide by election results, but hopefully the rest of the country can act with more maturity. https://t.co/CY5ieM8mJn
It ends with Clinton smiling, Trump frowning
Trump again denies that he ever favored invading Iraq. Record clearly shows that what he said is untrue
Trump refuses to say whether he will accept the result of the November election
Moderator puts Clinton on the defensive about Clinton Foundation
Trump tries to pivot from sex accusations to emails
Clinton points out President Obama inherited disastrous situation from Bush. Says Obama saved the economy and doesn’t get credit for it
There it is -we tried cutting taxes for the wealthy and it didn’t work
Hillary points out that when Bill was President he changed the national debt to a national surplus
Trump doesn’t answer economic question, goes back to his concerns of NATO. He's gambling this position is a winner for him
Clinton says growing the economy, particularly to benefit the middle class, is a priority
Trump straightforwardly calls Clinton a liar, twice
Clinton hits Trump for raising possibility of helping Japan and Saudi Arabia get nuclear weapons
Trump now says he never met Putin. Earlier in the campaign he said he had
Hillary scores by saying Russians would rather have a puppet, i.e. Trump
Trump has abandoned quieter tone, now raising his voice to more typical fashion
Hillary points out Russian government has tried to sway election to favor Trump
Trump compliments moderator for asking question about borders
Hillary points out Donald used undocumented workers to build Trump Towers
Hillary says Trump “choked” in meeting with Mexican president - looking to poke the Trump Tiger
Trump again casts immigrants as “killers”...
Good strong questions from moderator
Hillary jabs, Donald goes for “scare rhetoric”
Stark difference between the two on guns and abortion
Fairly substantive back and forth about guns, women’s right to choose, and pro life
Trump continues with subdued, for him, responses
Moderator Wallace keeps overall Supreme Court discussion focused on guns. Advantage to Trump
Clinton argues her support for second amendment doesn’t exclude “reasonable” regulations
Debate skewers the long back and forth about guns, whether or not there should be more regulation
Trump makes straight appeal to second amendment gun enthusiasts in answer to Supreme Court question
Trump has lowered his delivery tone. Quieter presentation and answers first question
Clinton seems no-nonsense. Steely. Determined.
Climate change may be one of the biggest threats facing the planet. I hope it comes up during tonight's debate: https://t.co/btZXiKK6FY
Don't miss my interview tonight on @AXSTV with @gloriaestefan + @emilioestefanjr: https://t.co/0zzhSYK53w
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@DanRather's America is LIVE now and you can talk to Dan - (844) 305-2639!
Want to see the hairs on the back of my neck rise, tell me about cowards who threaten journalists with violence.... https://t.co/36ryMutjLw
The man who shot at George Zimmerman in a case of road rage is sentenced to 20 years behind bars. https://t.co/KJK9gIPpzc
Looking forward to you all seeing The Big Interview with @GloriaEstefan + @EmilioEstefanJr on @AXSTV tomorrow at 8p ET/5p PT. https://t.co/HL3y9BZ4Jh
Perhaps we are seeing a shift in thinking in how we value work in the service economy? https://t.co/RQcNoUUJeM
Is Trump suggesting SNL is part of the media here? Sure seems that way. https://t.co/oeyQtLexke
Trump's rhetoric into the legitimacy of an election he looks increasingly likely to lose is a threat to democracy: https://t.co/YCLAqvVODi
Donald Trump's accusers come 25 yrs after Anita Hill's testimony in front of Senate Judiciary Committee via @slate https://t.co/PhAlCp7sfd
RT @GloriaEstefan: Watch our conversation with @DanRather! Premieres Tuesday, Oct 18th at 8|7c on @AXSTV: https://t.co/D2WIpp5CBM https://t…
Have you entered @HDNETMOVIES giveaway yet? Sign up for a chance to win a signed copy of my book Rather Outspoken: https://t.co/0ZvJgexkAH
Worth a read for the opening paragraph alone. https://t.co/NnuiQmD0S0
How one student took to Facebook and created a page to bridge divides (via @washingtonpost):		https://t.co/pn0LxZ9Z9f
It's hard to deny that the First Lady's speech today marks a singular chapter in our national story: https://t.co/XnPwCQHRjI
Such a pleasure! RT @RadioAndySXM: So honored to have @DanRather's America on @RadioAndySXM! https://t.co/J9C8EWLEiU
Check out @Michaelbuble doing a few impersonations and even singing a bit of a country duet with me. https://t.co/pZWhTiOPjD
RT @michaelbuble: Watch my conversation with @DanRather on The Big Interview — tomorrow Oct 11 at 8|7c on @AXSTV. https://t.co/FomimHFbe0
When Trump told Clinton she would "be in jail" if he were president, those are the threats of a despot, tyrant...	https://t.co/qTyce2IKfO
It's just one poll, but this is what "the bottom falling out" of the Trump campaign may look like. https://t.co/ko6gxiWdX0
Reason for hope? The candidates shook hands at the end. Perhaps when this is all over we can do that as a country. https://t.co/IuFncLGbKV
Question as debate ends: did it sway anyone who hasn't already made up their minds -independents, swing voters?
Somewhat surprising, no closing statements. But it's finished
@realDonaldTrump playing the role of schoolyard bully
@HillaryClinton keeps smiling, @realDonaldTrump keeps frowning
@realDonaldTrump suggests that if he were President, @Clinton “would be in jail”
@realDonaldTrump doesn’t address the audience, attacks @HillaryClinton directly
@realDonaldTrump faces @HillaryClinton, attacks her directly for emails
Challenged to apologize, @realDonaldTrump doesn’t
@realDonaldTrump trying to stick to talking points - moderators not letting him dance away from the spotlight of his latest comments
For whatever it may be worth, they didn't shake hands #debate
What happens with handshake between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton? Does he offer one? Does she? Normally, this would be a given.
Don't know what to say about this... RT @WSJ: Donald Trump holds press conference with Bill Clinton's accusers https://t.co/h4XBDmihcO 🔓
Other groups were insulted by Trump and yet his supporters stood by him? #butthatwasnotenough https://t.co/ZSLrDI3UyQ
Perhaps the biggest blow yet to Donald Trump's campaign as @SenJohnMcCain withdraws his support. https://t.co/pOQGAvwg90
Watching Oklahoma-Texas game. Longhorn coach Strong's job may be at stake in this one.
Trump's late-night statement on the firestorm that has engulfed the political world. I share it, without comment... https://t.co/O8IeugKRbB
There are few times in my career when I've been more at a loss for what I could expect for the future of my country. https://t.co/97Ir26YX4B
Will @SenJohnMcCain pull his support? https://t.co/NSAI0Mq3fz
More fallout from Trump's comments... https://t.co/R9BFxlgFoe
RNC chair @Reince Priebus responds to Donald Trump's lewd remarks: No woman should ever be described in these terms. https://t.co/lQBNqe0e3t
Gary Johnson's latest flub comes as @nytimes asks the candidate to name North Korea's leader. 		https://t.co/vkt7d5Tfrh
These are men, women, and children who are largely seeking nothing more than what so many of us pray for at night: https://t.co/s1IZRsguzL
Looking forward to having everyone tune in! RT @michaelbuble: Watch Michael's interview with @DanRather this Tues Oct.11 at 8/7c on @AXSTV
RT @olivianjnews: The Big Interview @AXSTV @DanRather https://t.co/3hmvDx94WK
RT @HDNETMOVIES: Win a signed copy of @DanRather's book 'Rather Outspoken'! You could buy it, but we'd rather you enter here: https://t.co/…
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@DanRather and @BrianStelter discuss why this has been the most challenging presidential campaign to cover https://t.co/…
As it comes to close, call it a draw -one with lots of substance
@timkaine argues @HillaryClinton is a uniter, @realDonaldTrump is a divider
@timkaine asks why can't women choose for themselves?
@GovPenceIN argues @realDonaldTrump statement on punishing women who choose to abort  because "he's not a polished politician"
@GovPenceIN tries to turn discussion on North Korea into one on Clinton's emails
Each of these men is more articulate than either of the Presidential candidates
@timkaine points out Clinton Foundation, a higher rated charity than Red Cross
@GovPenceIN more effective in attacking Clinton than @realDonaldTrump was in first Presidential debate
@GovPenceIN attacks Secretary Clinton for ties to Clinton Foundation
Both of these candidates extraordinarily well prepared. They know their stuff
@timkaine points out @realDonaldTrump's business deals with Russia would be exposed with his tax returns
@GovPenceIN calls @timkaine's arguments "nonsense"
@GovPenceIN  goes on stout run blaming Clinton/Obama for increased Russian ties with Iran and what's happening in Syria
@GovPenceIN accuses @timkaine of engaging in insults. Kaine says he's just stating facts
@kaine goes on a run on a one-time @realDonaldTrump campagin manager with a tie to Putin
@timkaine points out that @GovPenceIN &amp; @realDonaldTrump think Putin is a "great leader"
@Kaine says @GovPenceIN refuses to defend @realDonaldTrump on key subjects but still urges people to vote for @realDonaldTrump
@timkaine presses about @realDonaldTrump suggestion that Japan &amp; Saudi Arabia perhaps should be allowed to develop nuclear weapons
When @GovPenceIN says @realDonaldTrump supports the troops, @timkaine counters that Trump doesn't pay taxes
@timkaine strong in pointing out that @realDonaldTrump probably didn't pay taxes before and after 9/11
@timkaine hits hard on Trump praise for Putin. Says @GovPenceIN doesn't know difference between dictatorship and leadership
@GovPenceIN seems to have had more talking time than @timkaine up til now
@GovPenceIN in strong defense of @realDonaldTrump praise for Putin
Argument over emails gets hotter than depo stove. Moderator @Elaine_Quijano squelches it, plows on with other questions &amp; another subject
@GovPenceIN seeming to get stronger, attacks Clinton on emails
@GovPenceIN  defends excluding immigrants on basis of race or home region. @timkaine says that's unconstitutional
@GovPenceIN now more on the offensive, @timkaine on the defensive
@GovPenceIN with a long bit about Iraq and the growth of ISIS. Effective.
@timkaine strikes back at @realDonaldTrump's "personal Mt. Rushmore of dictators"
@timkaine scores pointing out @realDonaldTrump hasn't apologized to @SenJohnMcCain or the Khan family
@GovPenceIN scores by referencing Clinton's "basket of deplorables" remark
@GovPenceIN attacks @timkaine for "avalanche of insults"
@timkaine goes after @realDonaldTrump for remarks about Mexicans, women, a federal judge, etc.
@GovPenceIN has a good run talking about police and race
So far @timkaine has been the slugger, @GovPenceIN has been the counter-puncher
@timkaine points out that when @GovPenceIN was in congress he pushed for social security
This debate is crackling like a hickory fire
@timkaine stays on the offensive about @realDonaldTrump and his tax returns
Moderator @Elaine_Quijano does well by pointing out @GovPenceIN didn't answer the question about @realDonaldTrump and taxes
@timkaine remains more aggressive, more on the offensive
@timkaine scores criticizing @realDonaldTrump for not releasing his tax returns
@GovPenceIN goes on a roll with theme that Obama/Clinton haven't put workers first
@GovPenceIN mops @HillaryClinton on Obamacare
@timkaine is the first to go to a water glass
@timkaine the most aggressive and early-going
moderator losing control as they talk over each other
@timkaine is the first to interrupt
@GovPenceIN strikes back criticizing foreign policy
@timkaine goes on the offense, pointing out Trump's weaknesses
@GovPenceIN when it comes his turn speaks almost entirely straight ahead to camera and people at home. Then lapses back talking to moderator
@timkaine goes first, makes at least minor mistake talking to moderator rather than audience at home
@thedailybeast dubbed VP debate "The Thilla in Vanilla." This contest of two pretty plain men will be as exciting as watching milk clabber
I have a long history with hurricanes. It goes all the way back to my earliest memories of childhood: https://t.co/1yEuZRVikV
RT @RadioAndySXM: Call @DanRather live now! (844) 305-2639. https://t.co/dcYVBq4yI0
It may be hard to get info out of Haiti because the storm is hitting them hard, but I'm hoping the major news agencies are taking notice.
RT @RadioAndySXM: Going LIVE with @DanRather at 10 AM ET #danrathersamerica
Tomorrow on the Big interview I talk with the delightful and talented @OliviaNJ. Tune in to @AXSTV at 8pm et/5pm PT. https://t.co/tKvnnpIwtx
Syria has been almost absent from the news cycle this week and to say it is heartbreaking is an understatement. https://t.co/iBessYTAGs
Donald Trump responds to the bombshell report from the @nytimes showing he may not have paid taxes for almost 20 yrs https://t.co/pdyIhhTrqO
A blockbuster report from @nytimes reveals Trump could have paid no federal income tax for 18 years: https://t.co/hqVTNg5wrU
For the first time several species of bees are on the endangered list.	https://t.co/PGZSnpV40I
@GregMitch I will check it out. Thanks.
Reading "Finks: How the CIA tricked the world's best writers" @Joel_Whitney. Deep, revealing look at Cold War propaganda. In stores in 2017.
How to talk to kids about politics? @BehaviornBeyond helped us formulate some great tips: https://t.co/l5hW1oirm5
Many are asking why Donald Trump is tweeting about a former Miss Universe rather than important issues.		https://t.co/SayQLpPkD8
Wow. Another tough headline for the Donald Trump campaign. This time from @USATODAY: https://t.co/22b5IvGQmM
Next week Nobel Prizes are announced. https://t.co/9HFrZaDUDC
Of all political leaders I have ever met, few commanded a room with as much grace, charm, and depth as Shimon Peres: https://t.co/aYlY8YXF0G
RT @RadioAndySXM: Watch @DanRather react to last night's debate on Facebook Live!! #DanRathersAmerica #RadioAndy https://t.co/mpt5JfUSug
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@DanRather's America is LIVE and you can talk to Dan - (844) 305-2639!
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@DanRather's America returns to Radio Andy at 10 a.m. ET! Watch him react to last night's debates via Facebook Live. htt…
Ladies and gentlemen, whatever civility once existed in our politics is tonight officially dead... https://t.co/4iFzlSW6K5
@realDonaldTrump heats up re: immigration policy
Note: “stamina” is just a codeword for weakness and “you’re not up to the job,” that women have been hearing for far too long
@realDonaldTrump brags that he's drawn even with @HillaryClinton
@HillaryClinton begins winding up with a strong appeal to women, saying @realDonaldTrump has said terrible things about women as a whole
@realDonaldTrump hits hard saying @HillaryClinton has experience but it's bad experience
@HillaryClinton smiles as @realDonaldTrump says she doesn't have the stamina to be President
@realDonaldTrump again steamrolls moderator @LesterHoltNBC 's effort to intercede
@HillaryClinton now playing much more to camera, speaking to audience at home. When she does this she's most effective
@realDonaldTrump talks over and down moderator @LesterHoltNBC
@realDonaldTrump attacks Germany and Japan for not paying more for defense
@HillaryClinton points out correctly that @realDonaldTrump suggested that Japan &amp; South Korea should be allowed to develop nuclear weapons
@HillaryClinton praises diplomacy with Iran as better alternative to war
@HillaryClinton smiles broadly as @realDonaldTrump says "I have a better temperament than she does"
@realDonaldTrump for first time of either candidate, argues with moderator @LesterHoltNBC
@realDonaldTrump attacks the press
@HillaryClinton tries unsuccessfully to answer @realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump repeats his mantra that NATO may be outdated. Then turns around &amp; says, for first time in campaign, that he's all for NATO
@realDonaldTrump makes one of his strongest presentation by talking about mess in Middle East and how it got there
@HillaryClinton attacks by pointing out that @realDonaldTrump has tried to demonize Muslims
@HillaryClinton states a fact. @realDonaldTrump originally supported invasion of Iraq. He says into the mic "wrong, wrong". But it's right
@realDonaldTrump yet again goes for glass of water
@HillaryClinton scores by saying she was disappointed when @realDonaldTrump encouraged Russia to hack into American business &amp; politics
@realDonaldTrump congratulates himself on what he says is his racially sensitive past
@HillaryClinton: "he has a long record of engaging in racist behavior"
Then @HillaryClinton follows up with effective reminder of early @realDonaldTrump racial housing policies
@HillaryClinton hits hard on @realDonaldTrump's Obama birther pass
Moderator @LesterHoltNBC  getting more assertive, getting better as debate passes the first hour mark
Good line from @HillaryClinton  "I prepared for this debate and I'm prepared to be President"
@realDonaldTrump is coming off as more reasoned than reasonable more than any other time in the campaign (may be damning with faint praise)
@Clinton is catching up with @realDonaldTrump in amount of time on the mic
@realDonaldTrump may strike many as not as "hateful" tonight. He's made mis-statements &amp; untruths but he's done it in a more thoughtful way
Moderator @LesterHoltNBC engages @realDonaldTrump directly and effectively for the first time
@HillaryClinton may have scored by calling @realDonaldTrump the king of debt and a stiff by not paying people what he owes
@realDonaldTrump launches into a basic law and order argument, much like the one Presidents Nixon and Reagan used in their campaigns
@HillaryClinton coming across as calm, pleasant, cool, and collected. @realDonaldTrump comes across as more aggressive and passionate
For whatever if anything it may be worth @HillaryClinton has the best facial mein and body language
@HillaryClinton smiles broadly as @realDonaldTrump frowns
@realDonaldTrump advertises new Washington hotel
@realDonaldTrump defends self by saying that even when people who worked for him were not fully paid, what he did was legal
@HillaryClinton strong in laying out case @realDonaldTrump often been deadbeat in not paying contractors &amp; others who have worked for him
@realDonaldTrump slugs back, says emails were not a mistake. What was done wrong was done purposefully
@HillaryClinton directly acknowledges a mistake about her emails
@HillaryClinton appears to score by emphasizing @realDonaldTrump must have something to hide by refusing to release his tax returns
@HillaryClinton may have scored by calling @realDonaldTrump's answer on tax returns as bait and switch
@realDonaldTrump  gets defensive about not releasing his tax returns
@realDonaldTrump briefly rolls his eyes, shakes his head negatively
@HillaryClinton  hits @realDonaldTrump on his tax proposals that would benefit him
Moderator @LesterHoltNBC tries to bring things back to reason
@realDonaldTrump talking to the moderator @LesterHoltNBC not to the audience in the hall or at home
@HillaryClinton smiling a lot. @realDonaldTrump smiles almost not at all
@LesterHoltNBC tries to get a word in edgewise. @realDonaldTrump rolls over and through him
@realDonaldTrump interrupts @HillaryClinton again, tries to talk over her. @HillaryClinton ignores him
@realDonaldTrump has spoken for the most minutes. More than @HillaryClinton
So far @HillaryClinton scoring on substance. @realDonaldTrump may be scoring with his aggression
@realDonaldTrump steamrolling over @HillaryClinton by talking over her. @HillaryClinton stays calm
@realDonaldTrump again interrupts @HillaryClinton
@realDonaldTrump not talking to the hall audience or audience at home. Most of the time he's talking directly at @HillaryClinton
While @HillaryClinton talks, @realDonaldTrump looks at her like she's a hitchhiker with pets
@realDonaldTrump is the first to go through a glass of water. Some might read that as a first sign of nervousness
@realDonaldTrump again trying to talk over @HillaryClinton
@realDonaldTrump is talking directly at @HillaryClinton more than she talks directly to him
@realDonaldTrump again interrupts @HillaryClinton, tries to talk over her. Moderator remains silent
@realDonaldTrump briefly interrupts @HillaryClinton
@realDonaldTrump talks over moderator briefly
@realDonaldTrump early in his standard China bashing, playing on fears. Maybe effective with some...
@HillaryClinton keeps neutral face as she listens to @realDonaldTrump
@HillaryClinton not looking straight ahead to camera enough. Looking side to side...
@realDonaldTrump not looking pleasant as he listens to @HillaryClinton
Nice, soft, and easy opening question
@HillaryClinton wearing red. Blue might have been a better color. @realDonaldTrump not wearing his usual red tie. He's wearing a blue one
Wish moderator @LesterHoltNBC luck, chance for great glory, high-risk for being tagged a loser.
Moderator came out with his left hand in his pocket, trying to convey a sense of calm.
Look for which candidate speaks most often straight to camera, speaking more to TV audience, less to those in the hall.
I've never seen such a chasm between candidates for the presidency as I see between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump https://t.co/a4FWV39KA2
Another investigation from @Fahrenthold @washingtonpost on Trump's charity. Did @realdonaldtrump divert $? https://t.co/EjDS9ZviYj
RT @AXSTVConcerts: Watch a 4 minute clip of @martinamcbride on The Big Interview with @DanRather. Full episode premieres Tuesday at 8|7c. h…
Les Miles' firing echos the saying "There are only two kinds of coaches: those who have been fired and those who are going to be fired."
As long as golf is played and talked about, Arnold Palmer’s name will be in the conversation.
Arnold Palmer brought an “Everyman” look, style and approach to professional golf, helping to increase its popularity.
Jose Fernandez is being remembered as a rare presence on and off the diamond: https://t.co/Ug6JfVPEVd
RT @RadioAndySXM: It's official! @DanRather's America is back every week on @RadioAndySXM &amp; we couldn't be happier!! Returns Tuesday 10a ET…
.@politico investigates how Trump seems to be enriching himself alongside his wild ride to November. https://t.co/iDVJZiSMkH
Honored to attend the @CableFax award ceremony in NY today. Our @AXSTV program, The Big Interview, was awarded Best Talk Show on TV.
Don King stirs up controversy. The longtime Republican used the N-word while introducing Trump at a black church:,https://t.co/b7oFbI3R4r
.@washingtonpost @Fahrenthold's investigative journalism into the Trump Foundation is award worthy. https://t.co/A1gZkZM8R1
Tonight on the Big Interview on @AXSTV I talk with the one, the only, @realMeatLoaf. Tune in at 8p ET/5p CT https://t.co/JMprv9kiip
RT @AXSTVConcerts: Fun times on the set of The Big Interview with @DanRather and @RealMeatLoaf! Premieres tomorrow (Tuesday) at 8/7c. https…
I heard from a colleague who lives in Manhattan, only a few feet away from where the bomb went off... https://t.co/7IMV9qO121
At the moment, there are rational and irrational fears sweeping the nation. https://t.co/77smkZGwTC #chelsea
Several people injured after an explosion in NYC. Happened in the Chelsea area. Cause is unknown. The situation is still unfolding.
Trump’s relationship with the press is at the heart of so much that is troubling about his candidacy: https://t.co/C2UgCTJCGv
Donald Trump just held a brief press conference to say "Obama was born in the U.S. period." May have been his shortest media event ever.
RT @ParadeMagazine: Dan Rather Gets The Big Interview https://t.co/MeQXIMm3Sp https://t.co/MztFrlSUEq
Thanks to @ParadeMagazine for talking to me about The Big Interview on @AXSTV: https://t.co/fYx6Orqtlo
The campaigns lay out ideas on a wide variety of science, technology, health, environmental and other issues. https://t.co/dPzMrj6oWF
There is a very important difference between a story worthy of coverage and a tsunami of wall-to-wall overkill. https://t.co/sQjVw1UZV9
RT @AXSTV: It's show time! @DanRather @Neilyoung https://t.co/o5INHRWvEE
Tonight on the premiere of the Big Interview on @AXSTV I interview the legendary Neil Young: https://t.co/1kEZjIWZ87
With @HillaryClinton sidelined, we are seeing more of her husband, former President @billclinton:	https://t.co/57QoXSCPA8
The @washingtonpost investigation into Trump's misuse of "charities" is getting less attention than it deserves: https://t.co/AKtIT1xcJw
Steelers, Panthers, Patriots, Seahawks. My early season guess is that 2 of those 4 will most likely face other in the Super Bowl. #nfl
Silver lining in the Cowboys loss is that rookie QB Dak Prescott was just short of sensational. Look like a future superstar in the making.
Giants edge Cowboys in classic NFL rivalry duel. Went to the wire. Good news for Giants is that they look rebuilt and solid.
New @DallasCowboys QB off to great start versus @Giants. Pinpoint passing! #nfl #football
To my colleagues in the press, enough with the darn Clinton emails. It's time to move the conversation forward. https://t.co/o37MOehrE0
A stark reminder of the real "stakes" of this campaign comes today out of North Korea: https://t.co/YeCeY3X274
A rather humorous, provocative, column about the so-called presidential look of all of our previous presidents. https://t.co/ZkmuKEQ0b7
The movement for Native American rights is given new life by the winds of change being felt on the Great Plains. https://t.co/0ueFF89zSS
RT @ibiology: .@DanRather has a candid conversation in science with Jennifer Doudna @UCBerkeley https://t.co/n9wLB0P7Be #CRISPR https://t.c…
Have you heard of the term CRISPR? If you haven’t, you probably will soon. https://t.co/JErTSGRyOG
RT @ProducerRidley: #GMWrecap @ABC7Larry speaks with legendary newsman @DanRather about @AXSTV + election 2016 https://t.co/9iYe1Un2Eh
A pretty famous immigrant weighs in on Donald Trump. Here's what @davidortiz said: https://t.co/4Lp7Cr4PyU #RedSoxNation
The latest twist in the ongoing drama surrounding Fox News. https://t.co/UIcBSZvlIK
This coming hour I'm excited to talk to @azfamily @JasonShowTV about the new season of The Big Interview on @AXSTV.
RT @ABC7Larry: Looking forward to my chat with legendary newsman @DanRather coming up in a few minutes on @ABC7GMW! @NewsChannel8
New Big Interview episodes start Sept 13th on @AXSTV. This AM I'm talking to @ABC7GMW @greatdaywash @wfaagmt about it. Hope you can tune in.
Watching college football again. Ole Miss v Florida State. No Fritos tonight. I've switched to tostadas and guacamole dip. Healthier?
Notre Dame with all of their talent should win easily over Longhorns. Will they close the gates of mercy and run up the score? We'll see.
Ahhh. Sunday night football and baseball. Texas v Notre Dame and Mets v Nats. Love it. Settling in with Fritos and beverage.
Pope Francis elevates Mother Teresa to Sainthood: https://t.co/j1JB1WezJy
With a convincing defeat of a good Oklahoma team today, the Univ of Houston registered one of the greatest football wins in school history.
Thinking of all the good people in FL taking a hurricane beating. I know hurricanes, whatever size can cause havoc and human suffering.
Brock Turner, convicted of sexually assaulting a fellow student, left jail today after serving just three months. https://t.co/NDzloeN3Ef
We now know who will moderate the upcoming debates. What do you think of this list? https://t.co/Vkku9uPJxX
Hoping our friends in FL, GA and the Carolinas are able to safely ride out Hurricane Hermine: https://t.co/9REuWNFZHr
Please pass the brisket. New research indicates barbecued brisket is good for your health. I knew that all along. https://t.co/6ZMz0xSYMD
"Who is an American?" This has been echoing in my mind since Donald Trump's chilling speech on immigration: https://t.co/I9VZwHEsTK
Many reporters say they weren't allowed to travel with Trump to Mexico today. Press should be allowed to do its job.	https://t.co/old6W5H6qR
RT @AXSTV_PR: Don't miss @AXSTV's @DanRather tonight on @chrislhayes at 8pE on @MSNBC and @donlemon at 11:20pE on @CNN talking #TrumpEnMexi…
How Facebook and the larger digital trends are reimagining my chosen line of work and all of your access to news. https://t.co/wD2Rpgaj80
Marco Rubio declaring victory in Florida and looking ahead to November. https://t.co/RPCdCoz3Iw
A thought on the passing of Gene Wilder: https://t.co/MRHV34nmMr
RT @apbspeakers: #APBspeaker @DanRather delivers insights on what it means to be a leader today w/ @hrflorida! #HRFL16 #Leadership #SHRM #H…
A must read: @ForeignAffairs "Notes From the Chairman: A Conversation With General Martin Dempsey." https://t.co/ZwobmltC5L
This is certainly a headline worth pausing over - that someone like Paul Wolfowitz may vote for Hillary Clinton. https://t.co/FW6st74Lef
France's highest administrative court has suspended the "burkini" ban:		https://t.co/vhEWtr1RoN
RT @SXMPolitics: .@DanRather: "When the history of this country is written, the bottom line is gonna be race" https://t.co/sVf6MUusVF https…
Small gestures make a BIG difference. Hospitals who treated Orlando massacre victims won't bill patients: https://t.co/5km5b9UPj5
RT @StandUpWithPete: It's news legend @DanRather hanging for the final hour. #SUPD https://t.co/0fxbpRF1Az
Congress should figure out this unreasonable EpiPen price hike quickly. Let's put saving lives over politics. https://t.co/CqNsDnbrbt
RT @DRobertsNYC: Next 3 #Olympics are in Asia. 1st one in Japan was legendary. Working w @DanRather &amp; Bob Whiting to tell this story https:…
.@donlemon is always sharp, alert, and savvy. It's a pleasure to be on his show @CNNTonight https://t.co/HtNfwiaDDV
Looking forward to joining @DonLemon CNN on his show at 10:35pm ET. There sure is a lot of politics to talk about. Hope you'll join us.
We've been working on a new season of The Big Interview on @AXSTV. First up on 9/13 is @NeilYoung: https://t.co/8es6rh3dgi
Great discussion this morning with CNBC's Squawk Box team. Smart people and a good time. @ SNY… https://t.co/BnOjNnymqM
"The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my	tongue" Dorothy Parker, born 123 years ago today - one of a kind!
The role of TV "commentators" gets more blurred with this potential news about Sean Hannity from the @nytimes: https://t.co/rDu3BReKq4
Should the Clinton foundation be shutdown? https://t.co/QKLYcUxQNS
As I watched stories about the swimmers who claimed to have been robbed and nary a mention of floods in LA.... https://t.co/OqcTp3aeEj
If residents of Louisiana are watching television news, they must be feeling woefully forgotten. https://t.co/ryIaQqNwBM
Changing your campaign team at this pt is like trying to change tires while going 90MPH. Hold on to your hats, the wild ride has just begun.
.@UsainBolt's smile goes viral and trust me this story will put a smile on your face as well: https://t.co/dJz0DJCCD6 #Rio2016
.@EzraKlein's provocative thoughts on Trump + the media are another sign he's one of the most thoughtful journalists https://t.co/ZQrKif1Sf6
This election will not only be taught in history classes - it will be a case study in journalism schools for years. https://t.co/ZG1YrISu4o
Trump's "Law and Order" speech last night in Wisconsin may be his best ever. That may be damning w/faint praise, but speech was pretty good
If poll numbers hold - big IF - Trump may have a new reality program on his hands in November - Biggest Loser.
A nice reminder that a helping hand is a far more striking image than a victory lap. https://t.co/5SALjV5ITb #Rio2016
Rudy Giuliani's comments on terror attacks -SMH- more proof this election is brought to you by Rod Serling #TwilightZone2016.
You can't say the Louisiana floods are necessarily caused by climate change, but scientists say it will make these events more frequent.
Donald Trump calls for “Extreme Vetting” for immigrants. A standard that should be used for would-be presidents.
This image from @GettySport @cjspencios of @UsainBolt has already skyrocketed to iconic status. #Rio2016 https://t.co/rLWbKh2hZv
Amazing video from @cnn of a rescue in the Louisiana floods. Pet lovers will definitely want to watch this: https://t.co/nKJ9oiisbA
Enjoyed being with @MHurstKENS5 @KENS5 this am in #SanAntonio talking about the @RatherPrize for schools.
On a road trip with my eldest grandson. By bus, bus--Austin to San Antonio. Only cost 5 dollars. Not a bad way to travel.
A story you may not have heard today? The Syrian city Manbij, liberated by pro-American forces from ISIS: https://t.co/r0elMgaQZq
Female athletes taking center stage at Olympics is a beautiful sight to behold. Grit + determination know no gender: https://t.co/0lfaWolBCQ
Advanced age is tricky. Not easy to come to grips with it. But not so hard either, at least on most days: https://t.co/hU3SjJM4SV
This @washingtonpost story on how Albuquerque @Mayor_Berry is helping his city's homeless is inspiring: https://t.co/v2Kz30Irgl
RT @CoriC_KVUE: Hey guess what guys! We've got @DanRather and grandson @MartinRather on @KVUE right NOW! Talking education..tune in! https:…
Calling Trump on his lies (i.e. Obama founded ISIS) is not partisanship, it's citizenship: https://t.co/I7CEp9v8rk
Thanks to all @TheAtlantic and all of you for your support. I love interacting with everyone via social media: https://t.co/REqhMVaEso
RT @AdrienneLaF: I caught up with @DanRather about Trump, campaign coverage, and his belief that Facebook is the future of news. https://t.…
RT @CNNTonight: .@DanRather on Trump's 2nd Amendment: "It was not a joke" https://t.co/u52Ea97Ny8 https://t.co/Q8M4RVWsJh
I understand it is easy to be deeply dismayed by the presidential campaign, but I refuse to lose my optimism in the future of this country
Our actions in this election will be studied for a long time. I suspect its verdict will be harsh.  #historyiswatching
RT @USATODAY: 'History is watching': Dan Rather rips Trump in epic Facebook rant https://t.co/CgoBotLtbE https://t.co/hMppG77Ecz
When Trump suggested that "The Second Amendment People" can stop Hillary Clinton he crossed a dangerous line. https://t.co/4KmJSuPr5e
Donald Trump just said something that many are reading as a direct threat of violence to Hillary Clinton. 	https://t.co/NUwLW7Be7I
.@georgepbush is now telling Texas Republicans to help elect a man who ridiculed his dad: Thoughts? https://t.co/1B7yH1a2fg @texastribune
This is perhaps the most important time in election history for the media. Tough questions are our job. 	 https://t.co/kDtFh9wAzj
Sen Rubio, who is running for re-election in FL, recently stated that he doesn't support abortion in cases of Zika: https://t.co/hlzHp0cdN5
One of the most complicated careers in baseball is over. How do you think ARod's legacy will be written?	https://t.co/xqkQeL83h6
The magazine @TheWeek is consistently a good, informative read. Check it out if you haven't.
Congratulations to West Virginia University sophomore, Virginia Thrasher, who won the 1st gold medal in Rio in the 10m women's air rifle.
Homeland Security considers listing voting machines as "critical infrastructure" to bring more security to voting. https://t.co/kyonGMcG9i
'Tis the season for unusual presidential endorsements... https://t.co/qyoJktTG5Y via @nytimes
Donald Trump is not your normal candidate, and these latest poll numbers may spell big trouble for his prospects: https://t.co/dmp57JHwuP
Many people find Donald Trump so frightening that they feel he is a threat to the future of our republic: https://t.co/RivGAIga3M
Interviewed Meat Loaf today. He is a rocker  whose intelligence is wide and deep. Looking forward to you seeing the interview on @AXSTV soon
We do not have a yardstick yet for how to judge a female candidate for president. https://t.co/59PMOhMoAU #hillaryclinton
I think that there is a lot to suggest that if Trump loses, even if he loses big, he is not going away. https://t.co/TCq7JRhwLG
RT @CNN: .@DanRather: "The candidate who wins Florida will probably win the election." https://t.co/UbM815d5Qp
Running for President might be the first time Donald Trump has actually applied for a job. So how do you think his "interview" is going?
Pleasure to be on today. MT @brianstelter: miss today's @ReliableSources? watch the interviews here: https://t.co/w4R6dkeMkX
My hometown newspaper, the @HoustonChron, has issued a surprisingly early endorsement for Hillary Clinton. https://t.co/b6y3zJmcW8
RT @brianstelter: 24 hours til @ReliableSources… set your DVR now… We've got Julian Assange, @Sulliview, @DanRather, and @BBCKimGhattas all…
The speech last night by Khizr Khan, a Muslim-American whose son - died serving in Iraq, was perhaps the most chilling of the Convention.
RT @randizuckerberg: “Covering politics is the most fun you can have out of bed.” @DanRather  on @SIRIUSXM Bus. 111 @ 1 PT/4 ET
@brianstelter @ReliableSources Looking forward to speaking on Sunday
I have been to 31 presidential conventions, but never before has it been a woman standing on stage at the end. https://t.co/kKZYit0Hpw
Chelsea's eloquent thoughts tonight, full of anecdotes anybody with a child could instantly relate to... https://t.co/61JGgnNKPp #DNCinPHI
Our electoral cycles tend to divide our political eras into tidy increments, but few careers match the Age of Obama https://t.co/8qQ47EXZsp
RT @RadioAndySXM: Joining @DanRather's America, Sen. @DickDurbin. #DemsInPhilly #DemConvention https://t.co/12wwzCpxal
Michael Bloomberg grabbed the crowd by the beginning with the line: I am here for one reason, and one reason only: https://t.co/mvogzlK6Kk
RT @SIRIUSXM: .@DanRather explains the ethics of interviewing @realDonaldTrump and what he would ask Trump, if given the chance https://t.c…
Paul Ryan's office in response to Trump asking Russia to hack Clinton's emails: "Russia is a global menace led by a devious thug..."
How an Uber driver's provocative question helped me make sense of the Age of Obama: https://t.co/6h6MsjAomm
RT @SXMInsight: #demsinphilly @MayorLevine and @DanRather discuss the similarities btw the '68 convention and today https://t.co/FEZ5tC8Uzm
RT @PeteDominick: .@DanRather is on with me right now!! @SXMInsight 121
The cadence, timing and words of @flotus are impeccable. A natural speaker, a message of hope and optimism, with nuanced attacks on Trump.
@CoryBooker delivers long but strong powerful speech to kick off convention. Captures the room. #DemsinPhilly
New polls show if the election were held today Trump might win. This feels a little familiar to me... https://t.co/NABjB34yOj
@DKinchenFOX29 Great meeting you.
@stabenow The honor was all mine
RT @ABCNewsRadio: .@DanRather is here on ABC's Radio Row with Gary and Shannon of @KFIAM640! https://t.co/eqlRmQwvAL
RT @RadioAndySXM: .@Andy is getting the latest from #DNCinPHL with @DanRather #andycohenlive
Fascinating read in the @NewYorker as Donald Trump's "ghostwriter" speaks out: https://t.co/9eARE3wlem
RT @SHO_TheCircus: #SHOCircus caught up with legendary journalist @DanRather at #RNCinCLE. All-new episode SUNDAY, 8p/7c. #Election2016 htt…
It's official @HillaryClinton picks @TimKaine as her running mate and she announced it right here on @twittter. https://t.co/sMWKRmfhBP
RT @DBG_Peace: @DanRather &amp; @MartinRather interrupt topdown education bureaucracy w/ Rather Prize for ed innovation #WeAreNexus https://t.c…
Make no mistake, the GOP is now Trump's party. He owns it. It is angry, aggrieved, and ready to assert itself. https://t.co/PWbF5xt8sX
Clocking in at an hour and fifteen minutes that was one of the longest convention speeches in memory. #RNCinCLE #Trump
If you are the President of the United States, your words can move markets and start wars. https://t.co/nv544aWxvo #trump #RNC2016
Ted Cruz clearly wants Trump to lose, thinks he will and is positioning himself to run again in 2020. #RNC2016
Ted Cruz's refusal to endorse Trump throws GOP convention off message and off course yet again. #RNC2016
There are so many universes spinning in northern Ohio, it's enough to make you as wobbly as Jello.	https://t.co/ZSnATHeaXu #RNC2016
RT @SXMPolitics: "I'm at the age &amp; stage where I don't have to kiss up to anybody" - legendary anchor @DanRather tells @MichaelSteele https…
RT @SXMPolitics: Can we expect trouble at the #gopconvention? @DanRather describes the violence at ... https://t.co/zBNvGhALqq
RT @RussWKYC: Me:"How much fun is this for you?"	@DanRather:"Politics is the most fun you can have out of bed."	#RNCinCLE @wkyc https://t.c…
You never know who you'll run into at the conventions. Great to catchup with @TomBrokaw today at #RNC2016. https://t.co/B42LPrHO0d
Hope you all can join me tomorrow at 7am ET on @Andy's @RadioAndySXM (Sirius Ch 102). I'll be covering the RNC. #trump
Ahead of their interview tonight on 60 Minutes one thing I'd ask Trump and Pence is "do you believe in evolution?" https://t.co/rK0zjPzN8I
Hope everyone will tune in! RT @RadioAndySXM: The premiere of @DanRather's America starts now! https://t.co/zL4c7FGGEB
Another horribly tragic dateline, the beautiful city of Nice, France on a day meant to celebrate freedom. Signs point heavily to terrorism.
If Pence is Trump's choice doesn't figure to make a difference in the race - which is usual in the end with Vice Presidential pick.
Trump camp indications that Indiana Governor Pence is VP choice. Could be a head-fake but if true, safe conservative choice.
IMHO choosing NOT to vote in the election is a dereliction of duty as a citizen: https://t.co/2mfNHrbRdf #trump #clinton #jebbush
Missing our FB live tonight? We covered a lot of political ground. Here's the link: https://t.co/aravt7HqvK
A tip of the Stetson to @ezraklein for a solid piece of political reporting: https://t.co/jB5K6in8OH 	 #realjournalism #clinton
RT @allinwithchris: Joining @chrislhayes tonight: @MichaelSteele @stuartpstevens @DanRather @deray @HeidiPrzybyla @hmcghee #EugeneODonnell…
Clinton and Sanders will "rally together" in New Hampshire tomorrow. Will Sanders endorse Clinton at the event? https://t.co/zFYVKs1BTu
After days of sorrow and with more hard days ahead, a friend highlighted this story via @zzcrockett @voxdotcom: https://t.co/QJ75kAZgu4
Humans being hunted by snipers in cold blood in our city streets is so far beyond the bounds of a civilized society: https://t.co/ZPTYyA9wt2
RT @washingtonpost: Updated: Police say two snipers have shot 10 officers in Dallas, killing 3 https://t.co/FpalUGuMdy
RT @BreakingNews: Officials: 1 officer killed, 3 others injured in shooting during protest in downtown Dallas - @dartmedia https://t.co/jYH…
In light of recent police-involved shootings and other recent news events I feel the need to address something: https://t.co/QDDtEnIjGq
Wishing the Dalai Lama a happy 81st birthday. https://t.co/rI7cHkK5Db
The justice department is now investigating the death of a man at the hands of police in Baton Rouge. https://t.co/yLxzal8sHn
RT @TheLastWord: We asked @DanRather what he thought about @realDonaldTrump's plan to fight #ISIS. https://t.co/muElYXwbFS https://t.co/DNj…
Happy 4th of July. Hoping some of you are singing "My Country Tis of Thee, Sweet land of liberty...." today: https://t.co/eBhKiTPvhm
So sad to see Elie Wiesel has passed. He was such an inspiration to so many people: https://t.co/wFY0u5pejn #eliewiesel
There are lots of reports about who Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are vetting for potential VP's. Who are your picks?
Contemplating death of Buddy Ryan, master of pro football defenses. Great coach, helluva man, but a volatile one.
Knicks get Bull's Noah: great get if he can stay healthy.
Nate Silver just out w/ estimate that Trump has 20% chance of winning. I think that's low, but Nate's good at this https://t.co/jP3SeUwUz5
When I talk to scientists about the state of journalism's coverage of their world, many bring up the issue of GMOs. https://t.co/OzCSHJEIwO
RT @HuffPostPol: Dan Rather worries that the media has become "a business partner of Donald Trump" https://t.co/7xbL6UZ5Kp https://t.co/S0E…
A story to warm your heart. @TimTebow performs a small act of kindness on an airplane for a dying man: https://t.co/Nk5mtxISPS
Pat Summitt, a legendary coach gone too soon. She was a leader and a pioneer in too many ways to count. #RIP
Pleasure talking to brianstelter @ReliableSources this morning about Trump and more: https://t.co/1YkyB8c3oe
RT @brianstelter: Ahead at 11am ET on @ReliableSources: @FareedZakaria &amp; @DanRather will help me assess media coverage of the #Brexit decis…
Bill Cunningham's eye and camera documented, inspired, and challenged in a manner unlike any other. https://t.co/y5U365xQMI via @nytimes
News coming out of Brexit, our election, violence and many other stories have a lot of us frightened: https://t.co/zcy3pC2CJb
Many have speculated on what this might mean for Britain &amp; the larger world. Now we will all find out https://t.co/z9cXaJRw0d
A lot of eyebrows being raised by CNN's decision to hire former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski to be a paid commentator.
It may be my imagination but DC looks cleaner than I can ever remember it. Nice to be back on the campus of the great #Georgetown University
RT @opry: Before @CharlieDaniels takes the #Opry stage tonight, watch the story behind one of his biggest hits w/ @DanRather! https://t.co/…
RT @kingsthings: On #LarryKingNow, the legendary @DanRather speaks out...https://t.co/Z4zEWfeC7H
One of my missions is to pioneer a new era of storytelling highlighting the wonders of science. Could you all help? https://t.co/I6JExtyw5R
We don't know whether the famous catchphrase "you're fired" was used, but Trump parted ways w/ his campaign manager:	https://t.co/MuBg011Fqu
Warriors v Cavs an 'for all the marbles' Gm 7. Seems a toss-up but Warriors at home. Key: can Green slow LeBron enough? #NBAfinals
Liked the movie Genius. Good cast. Acted well. Deep, literary (story of novelist Thomas Wolfe). On a 5 scale give at least 3, maybe 4.
The President steps into the role of Commander-in-Grief:	https://t.co/7mVxMgAekp
Seth Moulton on the Daily News. I met him when he was a Marine. His take on gun control is necessarily provocative		https://t.co/4obaI5nAEk
Moved by Lt. Gov. @SpencerJCox 's words in the wake of the Orlando shooting https://t.co/slToUwGjd1
I had a great time with the @SquawkCNBC team talking politics and the Presidential race #nastierthananopossumsmouth https://t.co/yiFJrlgUSw
Worldwide Exchange's @WilfredFrost gave me an informative briefing on Brexit and British politics today before my appearance on @SquawkCNBC
Starting my morning with an appearance on @SquawkCNBC
Today a victory for #NetNeutrality and shift towards a more egalitarian Internet. 	 https://t.co/pC1JcKsUxL
Missed my chat on Facebook Live? Here it is: https://t.co/uxaRK5CjY5 #OrlandoStrong
On Facebook Live, I'll be reflecting on Orlando and the politics that have followed: https://t.co/uxaRK5CjY5
I'll be talking to you all via Facebook Live at 5:30pm Eastern. Tweet your current event questions; I'll answer many of them during the chat
Yes, I'm watching Cavs-Warriors game but my heart's not in it. My heart is in Orlando. Can't get killings out of my mind... #WeAreOrlando
The latest show of force from the Trump campaign: revoking the Washington Post's press credentials. https://t.co/obmYYoA977 via @Reuters
Greenland has recorded its hottest temperature on record. Higher temperatures were first marked by ice melt season starting early last April
@TheTonyAwards best moment: @Lin_Manuel's award acceptance sonnet for Best Score
This may be the best @TheTonyAwards telecast ever
FBI interviewed the killer 3 times previously? Way too early for blame-game but the bureau has serious questions to answer. #OrlandoStrong
A deep, profound, and abiding sadness... that is how I feel in the wake of the sickening mass carnage in Orlando: https://t.co/X89eLxRgXa
Warriors beat Cavs. Curry's return to form + superior team depth the difference. GS goes back home w/commanding 3-1 lead. #NBAfinals
NBA Finals Game 3: Cavs destroy Warriors. Embarrass &amp; humiliate them. Vintage LeBron puts them right back in championship hunt. #NBAfinals
I pray for a fierce and independent press to do its job. https://t.co/sXRCfKPqft #donaldtrump #hillaryclinton
Join me tonight for a Facebook live chat at 5:30. Send me questions here: https://t.co/jgxhBxgbRl
Our Legends Lost special is on @AXSTV at 8p. Natalie Cole is just one of the special performers we pay tribute to: https://t.co/BJnCXfd4bh
I talk to Prince's best friends tomorrow on @AXSTV during our Legends Lost special at 8pm ET. Here's a preview: https://t.co/spxNJnc2NL
The Warriors win game 2 w/beautiful team basketball. Not since '70s era Lakers has any entire team played so well together. #NBAfinals
There are icons. There are legends. And then there was Muhammad Ali. https://t.co/cHOvIa0gx0
En route to Quebec, Canada. Road trip with one of my grandsons. Treasured time indeed.
The Warriors will look to exploit Kyrie Irving's weak defense. We know Lebron will get his points, but will Kevin Love? #NBAfinals
. @kingJames &amp; the Cavs are a real threat to beat @StephenCurry &amp; the Warriors - in Game 1 &amp; the 7-game series. #NBAfinals
Some thoughts this Memorial Day! https://t.co/5yb5vZoEC3
Interesting tweets today from @MarcoRubio https://t.co/EHoJdxkYNA
In case there was still any question about whether Donald Trump has enough delegates to secure the GOP nomination: https://t.co/ocRU8Tkywc
An interesting breakdown of takeaways from the State Department report on Hillary Clinton's emails: https://t.co/xvmIPVffMP via @ABC
Is Paul Ryan about to endorse Donald Trump? https://t.co/ik1aS6zKVs #GOP #Trump
RT @AXSTV_PR: Press Release - @DanRather @AXSTV Special Profiles Prince, Bowie, Merle Haggard, B.B. King and Natalie Cole June 7 https://t.…
There will be a big NBA storyline heading into the OKC + Golden State showdown tonight. https://t.co/DnDJerxV1Q
The United States is now selling arms to the communist government in Vietnam: https://t.co/XcvOi6U6zU
RT @BreakingNews: More: Police say someone has been shot just west of the White House; condition not known - NBC Washington https://t.co/jn…
The search for answers into what brought down the EgyptAir plane continues as debris is discovered:	https://t.co/EUCVGeGM5L
Reflecting with sadness on the news of Morley Safer's passing. Superb reporter, writer and chronicler of his times.
Scary news as a plane from Paris to Cairo goes missing. Hope the families of those on board get some answers soon.	https://t.co/EUCVGeGM5L
How Robin Wright fought to get equal pay on House of Cards: https://t.co/YGgOB0yE9B via @vanityfair
Just in: @HillaryClinton is declared the "unofficial" winner of Kentucky, but it doesn't get much closer than this: https://t.co/9SOlDRM5KL
Facebook schedules a meeting with well-known conservatives to talk about how the site picks trending topics: https://t.co/H1hRuGXwBU
@CMT can you help? RT @JHockenbrough: @DanRather Loved your interviews w @CharlesEsten @conniebritton. Fans are trying 2 #BringBackNashville
Much talked about commencement address by @POTUS at Rutgers: https://t.co/E5bt0InNZv
RT @AXSTVConcerts: Looks like @DanRather is a @GreggAllman ​fan! 👏 The Big Interview: tonight 11/10c https://t.co/7yFUh6CDmb
NBA: Curry + Golden State deservedly getting overwhelming attention, but LeBron James and Cleveland are still rolling in the other division
RT @PureNTrue1: @DanRather @maddow Hillary needs a WILD CARD VP, if she selected Mike Bloomberg he could neutralize Trump's arguments, no D…
RT @ElizabethFryer2: @DanRather @maddow 	It was so great to see you tonight! Wow! No one can tell it EXACTLY the way it REALLY IS like you!…
Important read: Orville Shell's piece about what's happening in China now and why you should care: https://t.co/PVuQ4zRSle via @nybooks
Tune into to Rachel @maddow tonight at 9p. Ill be joining her to talk about the meeting between Donald Trump and Speaker Paul Ryan.
A guess but reckon Condoleezza Rice must be among those under consideration for Trump VP running mate. Would she take it if offered? Dunno.
Read: @Sam1Fleming's story "Neglected Nation" @FinancialTimes. Imp benefits of immediately rebuilding infrastructure https://t.co/oHzNSlowlv
Campaign: new low. @nydailynews has a poll showing more people would rather have head-lice than have Trump as Pres. https://t.co/GWFHr8v050
Recommendation: I really like reading @TheAtlantic magazine. Meaty stuff covering a wide range of subjects.
Liked the finale @TheGoodWife_CBS. Not sure I understood it all, but liked it. The series had some of the best writing. Hate to see it go.
Good read @FinancialTimes @EdwardGLuce explaining Trump's rise. Don't agree w/it all, but it's thought-provoking https://t.co/oDVAjvR7Li
Should be interesting to see how North Carolina's Governor responds to the controversial bathroom bill today: https://t.co/J4K10DV5qw
Hope everyone had a great Mother's Day. A mom's job is a hard, but rewarding one and we should honor them each and every day. #mothersday
Who's getting ready to watch the Kentucky Derby? Such a fun race with so much tradition surrounding it. #kentuckyderby
Will a snub by Bush 41 and 43 hurt @realDonaldTrump? @washingtonpost has some interesting insight. https://t.co/2LM48i6q9Z
Elizabeth Warren has been noticeably silent in the primary contest between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. But.. https://t.co/nOI8nSqaXK
Senator Ted Cruz just announced he is dropping out of the Presidential race as Donald Trump wins Indiana.
It's "Mental Health Awareness" month. A reminder to pay more attn to the effect of widespread mental health problems on our communities.
It's "Teacher Appreciation Week." Do you have a favorite teacher whose story you want to share? https://t.co/QlsaaCIprM
.@Chobani CEO decided to give 10 percent ownership to his employees (via Mary Josephs @VeritAdvisors @Forbes) https://t.co/VMwKrP5goj
It's @willienelson's birthday weekend. Let's all send him birthday wishes: https://t.co/W3gS3uYWKC
The 1st round of the 2016 NFL Draft was an exceptional display of the modern power of social media: https://t.co/WAmo3N3ksP #nfl #tunsil
Surprised little has been done on how remarkable it is we are about to have a woman as nominee of a major party: https://t.co/ZxriAcVaW0
A clarification about my quote in the Texas Standard describing aspects of the Republican campaign: https://t.co/3Nt1obOqdU
Looks like it may be a big night for Trump and Clinton: https://t.co/bFkJAIxpFP via @Yahoo #primaries #trump #clinton
Still think Warriors and Cavaliers likely to meet in finals, but San Antonio is a threat to Golden State and Miami a threat to Cleveland.
Many, including myself, were shocked at Prince's death at only 57 years of age. Still so young: https://t.co/8dZBOcrk3b
My thoughts on Earth Day: https://t.co/YP9a9hJDFi
I hope to go to Afghanistan before the year is out. I appreciate @ESQPolitics touching on it in @esquire: https://t.co/oFsBSQUmyY
Expect the unexpected and beware of drawing conclusions before this wild and wooly campaign is over: https://t.co/kqp2SYR3lX #trump #clinton
Let's talk over on FB. I'll be doing a Facebook Live chat at 5:30p ET. Send me q's now and I might answer them live: https://t.co/pk71wSQr4x
Eye In The Sky is a taut, tight, edge-of-your-seatt thriller; deep, substantive, meaty food for thought and so relevant to today's headlines
Beloved children's author Beverly Cleary celebrated her 100th birthday this month: https://t.co/ccDqwoHZjf
Glad to see NY Mets break out with some offense late in week. They gonna need all they can muster to hold off Washington Nats this season.
Happy birthday @lorettalynn. May your voice continue to bless us for years to come: https://t.co/WzjubCUkAq
"Awash in Corn, U.S. Imports More." This @WSJ story may help you understand some of why Trump is striking a cord. https://t.co/63NgbIiuGK
As we get closer to a potentially contested GOP convention Donald Trump calls party rules rigged and crooked: https://t.co/tPjy5RHMvx
RT @AJFasano: It was wonderful to hear .@DanRather speak about the importance of public education at the #NSBAConf  https://t.co/FI2qAsZiNX
NYT's @DraperRobert spotlights Houston's food scene. Always nice when your hometown food hits the big leagues: https://t.co/P7oMyfKo4D
Why NY is so important to both @HillaryClinton and @BernieSanders (via @washingtonpost): https://t.co/54MqK60he0
The Big Interview I did with Merle Haggard is coming up at 9am. Hope you can tune in. #RIPMerle
RT @HuffPostEnt: .@DanRather on Merle Haggard: Requiem For A Heavyweight https://t.co/jmMboBAiIb https://t.co/2na1SXxFEb
RT @NancySinatra: Amen. The Good TImes (really) Are Over For Good. @DanRather
I'll never forget this interview I did w/ Merle Haggard about why he was still working later in his life: https://t.co/mvjh5FOKS6 #ripmerle
In mourning for my friend Merle Haggard. There's never been anyone quite like him. May he rest in peace. #RIPMerle https://t.co/NkLWtrXkXV
Panic of many in the GOP to Stop Trump meant reaching the only lifeboat left - Ted Cruz. Odds improve for "brokered" convention. #Wisconsin
Missed my Facebook live chat today? Check it out. We talk all things politics and more: https://t.co/g7R4amfl9v
Looking forward to being on @DonLemon's program on @CNN tonight. Will be on around 9:15 pm ET.
Spent opening day of NY State fishing season with my son on the Beaverkill River. Bliss. Sheer bliss. We even caught some suicidal trout.
Least Interesting Final Four in memory. Neither game was close.	Villanova blowing out Oklahoma was the most one-sided game in tournament.
Ran across a thought-provoking piece about the Internet. It's about efforts to control the Internet: https://t.co/2PHJEyEdyA
Interesting approach for dealing with ISIS on @truthout. How to treat ISIS like an artichoke: https://t.co/RYDh2H7340
Eric Engberg, an award-winning former CBS News Correspondent, passed away  at his retirement home in Florida: https://t.co/sqeTcxdFiX
North Carolina too strong down low for Notre Dame, ending the Irish's run of comeback wins in tourney. #marchmadness
Syracuse becomes 1st 10th seed in NCAA history to reach the Final Four with a gritty come-from-behind victory over number 1 seed Virginia.
Oklahoma soundly beat a very good Oregon team tonight. Sooners playing as good or better right now as anyone ... https://t.co/rrvvA3ymNC
I chatted with @davidhasselhoff about those Baywatch slo mo shots and more. Tune in to The Big Interview Saturday: https://t.co/zT0I1CGtk6
As we get closer to the Final Four which teams do you think will make it there? https://t.co/VwxuBmalo8
Contemplating the immensity of the Pacific Ocean, at a moment when the journalist in me knows the story is elsewhere https://t.co/eVKUz6GWx8
Awful news to wake up to as dozens are dead or injured after terror attacks at Brussels airport and Metro station: https://t.co/Pzze03d95E
March Madness: I reckon either Kansas or NC may win it all, but I used to think Michigan State was going all the way so what do I know?
Must read @nytimes story on Carrier workers for anyone seeking to understand what is happening to America today: https://t.co/e5whUZWZlJ
Some consider the Super Bowl the pinnacle of the sporting calendar, but for me it's March Madness: https://t.co/E4iltYthIL #marchmadness
RT @AXSTV: Next week on The Big Interview with @DanRather​, we get to know the star of "Hoff The Record," @DavidHasselhoff! https://t.co/U1…
Possibility of historic, wild, unpredictable and chaotic GOP summer convention now has dramatically increased: https://t.co/T2VPCJ4ObC
Thanks to @MrRJervis @USAtoday for the kind words in this story about @SXSWedu, an event that addresses education:  https://t.co/aLlvl2YcvE"
It looks like the President, by choosing Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court decided to pick someone w/ the highest chance of confirmation
Marco Rubio drops out of the race for President after Trump wins Florida: https://t.co/uw7NC4IV5C
Early indications, by no means conclusive yet, are that Trump is likely to win Florida and looks like Kasich will win Ohio.
I know some people are frustrated w/ politics, but if you live in one of the states w/ primaries today please vote. Let your voice be heard.
Please tune into the @maddow at 9:25pm tonight. I'll be on talking about Donald Trump.
It's fascinating to see what's happening w/ Marco Rubio in his home state. One poll now has him placing third in FL: https://t.co/imtGahdx4s
I am struck by how little attention has been paid over this campaign to the issue of climate change: https://t.co/I5VJy6FLiI
The whole dynamic of the Republican nomination campaign may have just changed: https://t.co/nDoxwzgdVN #trumprally
RT @AmandaWills: Thanks everyone for coming to hear me and @DanRather. Great crowd! #sxsw https://t.co/zm2qEz8z6y
Donald Trump announces Dr. Ben Carson will endorse him tomorrow. #GOPDebate
RT @jackiegerstein: Eastside Memorial High School teacher wins inaugural @RatherPrize for college ready courses https://t.co/tLrARIrlhQ #sx…
Michael Bloomberg has announced that he has definitively decided not to run for president https://t.co/XLg9yS32iW
Some thoughts on the passing of Nancy Reagan: https://t.co/Vaqvjxj0Xu #NancyReagan
A week from today I'll be hosting a panel @sxsw on how technology has changed presidential campaigns: https://t.co/8P6JgPKkfZ
Romney blasting Trump: Aching to run again. Dreaming of a comeback. Interesting theory from @NYMag: https://t.co/nIdwTNRhbG
Who is following the Twitter back and forth between @MittRomney and @realDonaldTrump? Romney is set to talk about Trump at 11:30a ET.
Big night for Clinton and Trump: https://t.co/sUeLJL8Nue #SuperTuesday
Ted Cruz wins his home state and Oklahoma. https://t.co/ofdfDQZn7L
I have not seen many more spectacular runs than that of @Warriors guard @StephenCurry30: https://t.co/0b9BHbS1yv
RT @AXSTV: Next week on the season finale of The Big Interview, @DanRather ​chats w/ legend, Phil Collins (@PhilCollinsFeed)​! https://t.co…
Today's wild turn in politics comes thanks to Christie endorsing Trump. What do you think this endorsement means? #ChristieEndorsement
Wanted to give you a behind-the-scenes peek at a project we're working on. It's related to the Olympics in Tokyo: https://t.co/Fgx6b43gUw
Here comes Rubio. He got a second place finish in Nevada and is making major push to eliminate Cruz: https://t.co/XaxQSIKhea
Excited to see my interview w/ @sammyhagar in @nytimes. Hope you can tune into to see it tonight on @AXSTV at 8p ET: https://t.co/pgasw1G4cH
Jeb Bush announces he is suspending his presidential campaign. This comes after what looks like a distant 4th place finish in SC.
Bulletin: Clinton wins Nevada caucuses. Holds off late sanders charge. Best news she's had in months.
Sanders is moving like a fast freight on Hillary in Nevada. Clinton forces are worried sick re: possibilty of an upset in Nevada caucus.
Excited for everyone to see this interview tomorrow in @AXSTV at 8pm ET/7pm CT. https://t.co/xuDSHlIA3O
We could have done a whole program on all of the amazing treasurers that John Rich (@bigandrich) has in his home: https://t.co/mmgYBsieNA
Hope my friends in the NE stay safe this AM. These frigid temperatures are expected to tie or break records. https://t.co/kGZ3yLM5y3
Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia dies while on a hunting trip in Texas: https://t.co/DmGjehK43L
RT @sammyhagar: Had a great interview w/@DanRather then headed to @ElPaseoMV for a fantastic meal with amazing company! Read more at https:…
I think it's safe to say that the results of the New Hampshire primary certainly increase the chances that Bloomberg will jump into the race
NH results mean the Dem and Rep races are now assured of stretching out for a long while. GOP may not see a nominee until summer convention.
Ben Carson is now hinting he might run as Vice President with Trump. (maybe not as far fetched as might seem).
@Andy Hi Andy, I'm talking NH primary on FB LIVE at 6pm. I thought you might enjoy tuning in. It's new venue for me: https://t.co/lFL9kvMihr
@maddow Hi Rachel, I'll be talking NH primary on FB LIVE at 6pm. Curious to get your thoughts. Hope you can watch: https://t.co/lFL9kvMihr
I'm entering exciting territory today on Facebook and I just might answer your question over there live today: https://t.co/lFL9kw3TG1
My thoughts on the New Hampshire primary: https://t.co/Oyc7z70Nho
Peyton Manning bravely staged a battle of time. And won. Denver defense coach Wade Phillips is the unsung hero of Denver win.
Carolina is heavily favored, but if Denver's defense and running game can get going--they might keep it close and even upset.#SuperBowl
Christie has been trotting out the "boy in a bubble" line to attack Rubio, now he has soundbites to prove it https://t.co/OIE0VmOglO
Christie and Kasich had strong nights. Rubio hurt some, esp by Christie's attacks. Trump may have helped himself some w/humor. #GOPDebate
My reporter's notebook on this primary season:	https://t.co/CKm9Bl4LYl #GOP #Democrats #trump #HillaryClinton #Cruz #Rubio #Sanders
The GOP race for the White House sure is changing by the minute. Now it looks like Rand Paul and Rick Santorum may both be out.
A candid, insightful and in depth conversation with the Texas tornado, @tanya_tucker tonight on @axstv at 8pm ET:	https://t.co/yEXLJ8uhcR
Warning: It's going to be long time  before we begin to see contours of Iowa races. You got plenty time before paying any attention.
RT @thebootdotcom: .@Tanya_Tucker opens up about her battle with depression to @DanRather....WATCH: https://t.co/N77pTGuFxf https://t.co/Uf…
The never married @tanya_tucker  celeb tells me who she would tie the knot with: https://t.co/9f5lJB35aV Tune into @AXSTV tomorrow at 8p.
The drowning death of scores of migrants including at least 10 children off the coast of Turkey is heartbreaking: https://t.co/6LkXaq562C
I attempted to sing one of my favorite songs w/ Tanya Tucker: https://t.co/qCMamDj7sJ The full interview is Tuesday on @AXSTV.
P.T. Barnum would have a hard time staging a bigger circus than the 2016 presidential election. Here are my thoughts https://t.co/25K2QoFVyH
Tonight's GOP "debate," like the most recent Democratic one, mostly bloviating and posturing. If you missed it you didn't miss much.
Perhaps one of the most chilling and depressing recent news stories is the explosive spread of the Zika virus: https://t.co/DEanT2K4BK
Interesting story from @TIME today about the "feud" between Donald Trump and Megyn Kelly. What are your thoughts? https://t.co/sduGULLZ9K
Fascinating interview @potus did w/ @politico. Did he nod in the direction @HillaryClinton w/ a subtle endorsement? https://t.co/GMw2lk4CzI
Tonight on @AXSTV at 8pm ET/7pm CT , an in depth conversation with my favorite outlaw @willienelson: https://t.co/4Ge6MLxw5R
Thanks to @billboard for this exclusive clip from my @willienelson interview. It's about Willie's vocal inspiration. https://t.co/q1uqV4CktH
Part of tomorrow's @axstv interview w/ @willienelson tackles his own brand of weed coming out in a couple of months: https://t.co/0pZrnK3Rbx
What a game! @Patriots Brady was valiant + great as always but couldn't beat the greatness of @Broncos Manning today. Next stop: Super Bowl
This blizzard was not overhyped, reporting and info kept people safe and remember the aftermath remains very dangerous. Please be prudent.
As we enter one of the greatest football days of the yr I contemplate the future of football: https://t.co/0JiW2GD8Xk
Loved talk to @willienelson about the first poem he wrote. Check it out here and see more Tuesday on @AXSTV: https://t.co/RKmBuYIr7p
Great story by @mollyesque @TheAtlantic about whether @SarahPalinUSA paved the way for @realdonaldtrump's campaign: https://t.co/hfcTw7et24
I want to wish a big happy 70th birthday to one of the most engaging people I have ever met  @DollyParton! https://t.co/Ve1Fjy5v93
Tune into @AXSTV tonight at 8pmEST/7pmCST for my interview with Oscar-winning actor Benicio Del Toro https://t.co/yNpHR5G67N
What did you think of the recent Democratic debate? Here are some of my thoughts: https://t.co/bPAnuWqEI9
Today we celebrate Martin Luther King Junior's birthday, a national holiday I strongly support: https://t.co/sMovuMXFhi
Benicio Del Toro tells me some interesting things about The Usual Suspects. Catch the interview tomorrow on @AXSTV https://t.co/psLaPA3aEF
Unbelievable Cardinals v Packers game. This is what makes the NFL.
I am curious to find out more about how the prison swap with Iran transpired and what's next with Iran relations: https://t.co/gtgP0vzurq
How does Benicio Del Toro gain + lose weight? Check out this clip from this Tuesday's @AXSTV interview w/ him: https://t.co/watnz2HbGK
My interview with Oscar winner Benicio Del Toro is just four days away. Look for details soon. https://t.co/EO8pvPRZ3D
Who won the GOP debate? And a subtext to that question, in this crazy election season...does that even matter?  https://t.co/zRGyaoHMuE
The words of President Obama and SC Gov Nikki Haley will likely loom large when the GOP field debates tonight: https://t.co/EdqsuO3lok
Here's a clip cut from our @AXSTV interview w/ @John_Fogerty. Don't forget to check @AXSTV for re-air times https://t.co/2CskxwfFff
As I reflect on the #SOTU I am struck by how it was an unusual address from an unusual president: https://t.co/XefVaBUbFX
Are you watching our interview w/ @John_Fogerty on @AXSTV right now? @RollingStone is featuring a bonus clip: https://t.co/SpGnlN7SIQ
Who is going to miss having President Obama in the White House and who will be happy to see him go? #SOTU https://t.co/kKoExwh2Vj
.@John_Fogerty opens up about CCR's breakup, his struggles with alcohol, depression and more. Watch my interview on @AXSTV  at 8pm ET.
As a writer, performer, innovator and businessman David Bowie was a pathfinder, a pioneer. #RIP You are missed and remembered.
RT @RatherPrize: Have an idea to improve #TxEd? Deadline extended on the $10k Rather Prize- now midnight Tuesday, January 12th! Visit https…
.@John_Fogerty fans you'll love this exclusive clip of him singing from our @AXSTV interview airing Tuesday: https://t.co/2e2YcXsLti
I'm excited to unveil our new website. I invite you to check it out, explore, and share your thoughts: https://t.co/F21QsnAVWo
As my grandson and I wind down our trip to Israel we visited Capernaum, where Jesus lived for a time. https://t.co/yYpZWbKxf9
The apparent nuclear test by North Korea of what might have been a hydrogen bomb will require some sort of response.
Today we went to the the Wailing Wall and some other well-known landmarks in Israel. So much to ponder and wonder. https://t.co/bZoIYasdtj
This week as I visited Yad Vashem (Holocaust Memorial) with my grandson we were shown a copy of Schindler's List. https://t.co/GphfVFdjrL
RT @AXSTV: The Big Interview with @DanRather mini-marathon... TODAY! https://t.co/0CojLHC9ZZ
Visiting Israel to show this important land to my grandson. This is at Knesset, the legislature in Jerusalem. https://t.co/BBLgUAxmfl
If only our political leaders spoke w/ such clarity and passion for the pursuit of knowledge as scientist Paul Nurse	https://t.co/vO1U8KQRio
Armed protesters (or a militia depending on who you ask) in Oregon take over a bldg in a federal wildlife refuge: https://t.co/Uzaa3haRPQ
Most people break New Year's resolutions quickly, but I'm curious to hear what your resolutions are and how you plan to stick to them?
New Years means new laws, etc. One causing controversy, esp in the restaurant world, is the minimum wage hike in NY https://t.co/C7wUKs4og7
What are New Year's Resolutions other than pledges to fix? Personal resolutions are important but I'm more concerned about societal ones.
Hope you are having a very Happy New Years and spending the night with family, and friends old and new, and planning great things for 2016.
Big-time gamblers odds now favoring view that either Trump or Cruz will be GOP nominee. But yellow caution alert: it’s still early, folks.
I got a chance to chat w/ @WillieNelson yesterday about his life and career. Look for the interview in 2016. https://t.co/O9eue6yXkK
Must read @washingtonpost Daily 202 on Afghanistan. A dire situation receiving far too little attention: https://t.co/1xHegobAbg
I may be the last person who hasn't seen the new #StarWars film. I plan to, because it's proof an epic story can bring people together.
Interesting comments from @BernieSanders today. Can he sway @DonaldTrump supporters to back him? https://t.co/4YA6PvdkBt
I hope that whether you celebrate Christmas or not, you can find some peace for you and your loved ones this time of year. #MerryChristmas
Why Christmas Eve reminds me of a famous image taken by the Apollo 8 astronauts: https://t.co/RjfLySZC4S #ChristmasEve
So great to see the I Love Lucy Christmas Special still airing all these yrs later for new generations to enjoy. https://t.co/mywgwtsUG9
The Big Short is flawed but worth seeing. Dives into deep problems in home mortgage and financial underpinnings of US economy.
As football season winds down it looks like Carolina and Patriots in the Super Bowl? Maybe. Seahawks also coming on strong.
Great investigative report in @nytimes about lobbyists shielding a billion $ tax loophole for casinos, etc: https://t.co/fphr3AS4B9
My thoughts on last night's Democratic Debate: https://t.co/clvSr3sBQZ
Delighted to see @PaulMcCartney join @Springsteen on @nbcSNL last night to sing this holiday classic: https://t.co/EErEerh1z6 @mashable
Kudos to @HeraldTribune 	+ @TB_Times for investigating mental health hospitals https://t.co/9U5TNpwnLz…/florida-mental-health…/competency/
Curious how you all think Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton reacted to their recent campaign controversies? #DemDebate
A big controversy brews in advance of tomorrow's Democratic debate: https://t.co/jgIIMDANYI
Thanks! RT @leogirlj: &amp; this story about @realDonaldTrump is why I STILL love @danrather . #donaldtrump #UniteBlue https://t.co/RP6MtiOl7k
Last night's debate was both a snapshot in time, and a sign of a much larger epoch in American history https://t.co/aq68hKxGdx
As we look to tonight's debate, here are some of the q's I will be thinking about. I am curious to hear from you too https://t.co/f8hhPFYCa5
Interesting poll from @washingtonpost in advance of tonight's @CNN GOP debate. What issue do you want addressed?: https://t.co/l5fHrrARpp
Bowe Bergdahl, who was a Taliban prisoner for nearly five yrs, faces court martial on charges of desertion: https://t.co/1eRzFefO64
The stage is set for Tuesday's @CNN debate w/ @WolfBlitzer. @ChrisChristie will be on main stage. Other surprises... https://t.co/WvRdsREDyi
Landmark climate accord just approved in Paris: https://t.co/qQVQHsnVEp
With climate talks reaching a resolution, I want to share an interview w/ a leading climate scientist ... https://t.co/rMhET2qJNa
.@HillaryClinton tells @LateNightSeth that @realDonaldTrump isn't really funny anymore: https://t.co/pNFU8oSUxX
RT @HuffPostImpact: Mugged by Reality: @DanRather discusses the dangers of climate denial with George Shultz  https://t.co/DME28dVGsV #COP21
RT @JudgeJeanine: #Throwback to 15 years ago at a charity gala with @DanRather. #tbt https://t.co/rNhRn8V4Bk
Good chat w/ @maddow. @DonaldTrump, @TedCruz and the like are confusing the bully pulpit w/ the BS pulpit. https://t.co/gZI7lx9fsh
Looking forward to a good conversation tonight w/ @maddow about @realDonaldTrump's comments about Muslims. Tune into @MSNBC at 9pm.
The climate talks in Paris today will be one of the most important story lines of this century: https://t.co/jFuCiUR1Bd via @HuffingtonPost
When Trump calls for banning all Muslims from entering this country he is threatening to tear... https://t.co/Syk2mAO35w #DonaldTrump
It is easy to criticize President Obama's address to the nation last night as too little, too late: https://t.co/2Ab3XpcHhg #SanBernardino
Happy Hanukkah to you, your family and your friends. May your holidays shine bright and may we all remember the true spirit of the season.
There are reports that President Jimmy Carter is cancer free! Tempted  to say he does so much good God wanted him to stay a little longer.
Wouldn't it be great if lawmakers stop pointing fingers and start saying what can we do about all these threats? https://t.co/oRl9JV3zFI
I recommend @marymacTV's @latimes piece. We can't let these shootings become our new normal: https://t.co/EnFt5EC48Y #SanBernardino
What do Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders have in common? They are both anti-establishment: https://t.co/u5OMrDBD02
Such a pleasure to present @CMT's Artists of a Lifetime award to @_KennyRogers last night: https://t.co/svabV9ouXo https://t.co/vXzEnWEJf9
We are attacked by foreign terrorists and spend trillions to defend ourselves. But we are terrorized daily by gun violence, and do nothing?
It is not enough to say our prayers are w/ the victims. This is a national security issue: https://t.co/u5OMrDBD02 #SanBernadino
RT @mhess4: Worth re-upping this from @DanRather: we can’t just accept gun violence as a norm + just move on https://t.co/qLS75NeXwI
It was fun chatting w/ @FatJew for my Drinking with Dan series on @Mashable. Find out his drink of choice: https://t.co/T81KjPI6x1
.@kathyireland is helping us honor friend+ AIDS activist Elizabeth Taylor on @AXSTV right now. Also visit https://t.co/Kilco4RoNb for more.
Tonight at 8 on @AXSTV we spotlight AIDS crusader Elizabeth Taylor, as told by friend @kathyireland #WorldAIDSDay https://t.co/GdQrfXXpqO
RT @ifpfilm: Dan Rather on the red carpet at the #GothamAwards! https://t.co/5idW9nB0GB
Global warming, GMO's and politicians saying 'I am not a scientist.' Take a look at my news series on @Mashable https://t.co/s2IyvP8hVn
Tomorrow our Big Interview w/ @kathyireland airs on @AXSTV. We cover her business, her friend Liz Taylor and more: https://t.co/pq2Br9CNIC
RT @dianelewis48: .@DanRather well, it normally takes 3 hrs to travel on the interstate from Portland to Seattle. Right now, it's 4 hrs. #T…
People often think the day before Thanksgiving is the busiest travel day of the yr, but it's actually today. How were the airports + roads?
Can't say enough good about my current favorite book:  Mythology, by Edith Hamilton. World classic since 1942, but I'd never heard of it.
RT @AXSTV: Can you believe she is 52?!?! The stunning @KathyIreland on #TheBigInterview with @DanRather TUE 8/7c! https://t.co/o2kDMoIKVk
Thinking of our service men and women and others-serving our country far from home and often in danger.	Happy Thanksgiving everyone.
Hope you enjoy quality time w/ your family tomorrow and remember there will be time for shopping later. https://t.co/Vzmcwxvdi7 #BlackFriday
Good insight from @washingtonpost on the Turkish downing of a Russian jet, an especially dangerous development: https://t.co/6T7BKrJVOy
RT @TVTango: Watch tonight @AXSTV 8pmET/5PT #TheBigInterview @DanRather Guest: Filmmaker #QuentinTarantino About: https://t.co/FJiMI6bzit
Near panicked "mainstream-traditional" Republicans are planning negative ads in an effort to stop @realDonaldTrump. Watch how it develops.
I had a rather interesting conversation w/ the huge social media mavens @betchesluvthis for @Mashable: https://t.co/jEICRlnEoE
A tense moment as I ask Quentin Tarantino to describe what matters to him: https://t.co/PAYtWyVIkF Watch the @AXSTV interview tomorrow at 8p
What a football weekend. From @TonyRomo's comeback to the Michigan State-Ohio State thriller: https://t.co/Vzmcwxvdi7
Congratulations fellow Texan, great running back @LT_21 LaDainian Tomlinson. His jersey was retired at halftime by the San Diego Chargers.
As Quentin Tarantino gets @thehatefuleight ready, we talk about violence in his movies: https://t.co/KEO5f9i4cU Interview airs Tues @AXSTV
Appreciate mention in @statesman by Ginger Blair. She used an old quote of mine in column about gratitude + healing https://t.co/rsuD3Qipvn
In the wake Paris, I wanted to share some thoughts about where American politics stands: https://t.co/vKMuIMfP2H
I know airline employees and security staff are under pressure, but no excuses “please,” “thank you" + smiles cost nothing, but help plenty.
Saw @Sicariomovie. Benicio Del Toro is terrific. May get some Oscar nominations. It’s about some of the realities of Mexican drug cartels.
Thoughtful piece on @NYDailyNews by Richard C. Clarke (former WH Terrorism Czar) about how to deal with ISIS:   	https://t.co/f20aa75npQ
In thinking about the Paris mass murders, my mind goes back to the first time I saw Paris...: https://t.co/VzmcwxMOGH
On the next Big Interview - Charley Pride - TONIGHT on The Big Interview at 8pm EST on @AXSTV: https://t.co/f5OUEgSta2
Catch my interview w/ Charley Pride tomorrow at 8p on @AXSTV, but 1st a bonus clip about Pride's love for astrology https://t.co/NYe2HFvksJ
RT @mikeavila: This was quite entertaining.  @DanRather interviewing @Andy Cohen on @mashable: https://t.co/XaQabb6WtN
Don't miss a full hour w/ Charley Pride this Tuesday at 8PM EST, on @AXSTV. Here's a bonus clip:  https://t.co/25hHNwBzrg
RT @ChefCindi: A must read from @DanRather on the tragedy in Paris. His insight is poignant and realistic: https://t.co/DRj4h6SK38
I remain optimistic in the triumph of the human spirit as a force for justice and peace... https://t.co/Ycw4Bvag7j #Paris
We will need answers and action in the wake of Paris attacks. We must grieve for the dead and mourn another attack on a free society.
I put @Andy Cohen @Bravotv in the hot seat for @mashable ! We talk badly behaving housewives, growing up gay, etc https://t.co/qJp3h6VnTp
Coming up this Tuesday, Nov. 17th, I sit down with THE legendary country music singer, Charley Pride on @AXSTV. https://t.co/7dam5TRJn9
Thanks to Eric Mink for this @HuffingtonPost story on #TruththeMovie: https://t.co/wGzdix3B9y
#GOPDebate: All of them did reasonably well.	@marcorubio and @tedcruz seem to be the consensus winners: https://t.co/u5OMrDTdRA
Veterans Day always resonates in my heart. We owe them so much, lest we forget. More of my thoughts: https://t.co/u5OMrDTdRA
Christie helped most in under card debate. Jindal second. Not that any of them have much if any chance of being nominated. #GOPDebate
Jeb Bush: Wheels are threatening to come off of his campaign, but he's not out yet.  Needs momentum changer in the #GOPDebate tonight.
Tune in at 8p et RT @AXSTV: TONIGHT on #TheBigInterview, @BryanAdams is in the house! Catch the full interview 	https://t.co/Kt7OTaJivP
.@tedcruz has only begun to tap his full potential w/ the hard-right. Will Cruz help or hurt himself in this #GOPDebate? We'll soon find out
My hometown getting much-deserved love for its unique cuisine. Well written piece from @tomsietsema @washingtonpost: https://t.co/QIBolroHqR
#GOPDebate tonight: Look for Trump to lambaste Carson every chance he gets. Watch how Carson handles himself on the defensive.
On @AXSTV tomorrow @BryanAdams takes me behind the scenes of the 30th Anniversary tour for his album, Reckless, https://t.co/pZFVVf9RTQ
What a football wkend! Green Bay is the best bet to win Super Bowl w/ Carolina most surprising, early leader for coach of the yr honors.
"Spectre" is said to have made $73 million this wkend. Safe to say James Bond is as big a British institution as Queen and fish and chips.
On @AXSTV Tues at 8p ET @bryanadams talks to me about his hits, photography books, philanthropic work and more. https://t.co/yzMcQIV2Rg
RT @WCUofPA: An Evening with Dan Rather at West Chester University @WCUofPA #RamPride @danrather https://t.co/w7Y24QjzTd
Passing through Philadelphia on a gray autumn late afternoon.  Never come here and not think of Ben Franklin. ... https://t.co/IjN9QrXwRF
I was struck by a @nytimes story articulating Vietnamese labor concessions in the massive trade deal just negotiated https://t.co/nq1YmiCUiK
Another tidbit from my interview w/ @TopherGrace. He's soon off to Abu Dhabi to do a @Netflix film with Brad Pitt. https://t.co/MfCojf6sEL
.@TopherGrace explains to me how he was a huge geek in high school. The interview will be on @mashable soon. https://t.co/QSrvCfhXrz
I talk to the legendary @GreggAllmanNews about music, marriage and loss TONIGHT at 8 PM EST on @AXSTV https://t.co/IKfaVrSVH6
RT @WNYC: .@DanRather talks about the state of new today &amp; new film 'Truth' on @heresthething: https://t.co/0SAwXlGZEA https://t.co/mqqbHuJ…
Tired and sleep deprived at foggy airport, waiting for a plane. Feeling faded as my jeans... With apologies to Janis Joplin.
Excellent Sunday @nytimes investigative story about credit cards, "justice", big corporations and politicos: https://t.co/1y8sbU4ZCD
When I see great World Series catchers like @salvadorperez15 &amp; Travis d'Arnaud, they remind me of my favorite:	https://t.co/4qSUBsfHTs
RT @brianstelter: At 11am ET on @CNNReliable: @DanRather talks about "facing the furnace..." he's talking about both CNBC's moderators and …
RT @brianstelter: 24 hours til @CNNReliable! With @DanRather, @RonBrownstein, @MZHemingway, @JaneHallAU, @DylanByers, Apple exec Eddy @Cue …
Thanks RT @SIRIUSXM: Happy happy to #Halloween birthday buddies @DanRather and @PeteDominick! https://t.co/IVyZjJhqyB
Love @brianstelter's passion for the media. Look for our conversation on @CNNReliable Sunday 11am ET. https://t.co/AZjDbGCQOK
Thanks for having me on RT @OpieandJimmy: Dan Rather on Journalism Today - @OpieRadio @JimNorton. https://t.co/5hvQeS1J2R
RT @OpieRadio: Loved our time with @DanRather Quick vid: is it true you're still not allowed at @CBSNews ? https://t.co/VCalQyDXis
RT @StandUpWithPete: News legend, @DanRather in studio with @PeteDominick now, &amp; that's the "Truth". #supd https://t.co/L0m1n9pW2D
RT @OpieandJimmy: Legendary newsman @DanRather joins us https://t.co/y9eXyE74yc
Nicest vampire I ever met! It was a pleasure to appear on @BravoWWHL @Andy alongside @SMoyer. https://t.co/uhpJRNdbSP
What a fun time w/ @Andy and @SMoyer on @BravoWWHL last night. We tackled some good issues and played games. https://t.co/f6daX5T2ny
RT @BravoWWHL: This should be fun! @DanRather &amp; @smoyer are live at 11/10c! Tweet your Qs to @Andy, now. #WWHL https://t.co/m5ncHHO9Nx
I worked w/ @Andy at CBS. He’s got me in the hot seat tonight on @BravoWWHL. Sure to involve some embarrassing (but fun) and creative game.
Rooting for great World Series and Fox to stay on air. When was the last time you saw "technical difficulties" on your TV?
Jeb Bush has the most to gain or lose tonight. He needs a breakthrough showing to get his campaign back on track. #GOPDebate
It was such a pleasure to interview @MsPattiPatti. The interview is tonight on @AXSTV at 8p ET/5p PT: https://t.co/WRlH6khpiU
RT @mashable: Dan Rather on 'Truth,' the future of news and the brass at CBS https://t.co/mW8gbT0smp
My latest post on @mashable reflects on 'Truth,' the future of news and how I'd love to hear your story ideas: https://t.co/6KNaco2oQQ
I believe this is the @HillaryClinton...who is ready to be president https://t.co/DfFwmcnbc2
RT @AXSTV: On the next #TheBigInterview, @DanRather sits down with Lady Marmalade, @MsPattiPatti! Catch it TUESDAY at 8/7c!	https://t.co/9H…
RT @sonyclassics: .@DanRather (Robert Redford) tells Mary Mapes (Cate Blanchett) to "protect yourself" in this clip from #TruthMovie https:…
RT @TVTango: Watch tonight @AXSTV 8pmET/5PT #TheBigInterview w/ @DanRather Guest @officialheart @AnnHeartMusic @NancyHeartMusic. https://t.…
Here's a deleted scene from my upcoming hr w/ @officialheart. Full interview airs tomorrow at 8p on @AXSTV https://t.co/TAPVPl4z3P
Great talking w/ @brianstelter + filmmaker James Vanderbilt about #TruththeMovie. Thx @wexler for this pic http://t.co/P7cYEvfXx1
RT @brianstelter: National Archives building in DC– I'm in town for a screening of #TruthMovie– moderating a Q&amp;A with @DanRather after http…
Missed my interview on @TODAYshow today w/ @MLauer? Here it is: http://t.co/CipRYfhD1I
I had a great time talking to @MLauer on @TODAYshow this morning. #TruththeMovie http://t.co/1tbKV6TOd2
Tune into @TODAYshow this hour to see my chat with @MLauer. #TruththeMovie
Looking forward to talking with @MLauer tomorrow AM. Look for it on the @TODAYshow in the 8am hour. #TruththeMovie
This should be a good one! @DonaldTrump to host @nbcSNL http://t.co/KluWtq8qQ1
From my conversation w/ @AlecBaldwin MT @indiewire: .@DanRather on why TRUTH is the best journalism movie http://t.co/Zc5MuGs72n
Fun interview MT @AXSTVConcerts: #TheBigInterview returns Oct 20th. First up, @DanRather interviews @officialheart! http://t.co/cnw0go75sX
RT @soledadobrien: He would totes approve.  https://t.co/Vv2Qek7GAc
Interested to see tomorrow's 1st democratic debate with @andersoncooper. What do you want to see him ask @HillaryClinton and @BernieSanders?
Great company RT @HamptonsFilm: .@DanRather, @oliviawilde​, @LievSchreiber, World Premieres &amp; #redcarpet #HIFF2015! http://t.co/SN0PkiVkBg
Thank you for such a great conversation. RT @ABFalecbaldwin: Thank you, @DanRather .
RT @HamptonsFilm: Standing ovation for @DanRather &amp; @ABFalecbaldwin in Conversation! #HIFF2015 #TRUTH #SagHarbor http://t.co/JJSfJvlCEU
Looking forward to talking with @AlecBaldwin tomorrow @HamptonsFilm "Conversation With." #TruththeMovie
I wonder if Murrow would approve? Look for some of our content on @Vizo_News app https://t.co/OSEXu3keY4 @mashable http://t.co/keDD01Xhfe
RT @TimesTalks: Thank you for joining us for tonight's #TimesTalks ft. @DanRather, Mary Mapes, Cate Blanchett &amp; Robert Redford #Truth http:…
RT @TimesTalks: Our #TimesTalks with Cate Blanchett, Robert Redford, Mary Mapes &amp; Dan Rather has begun. Join us live at http://t.co/wDNwdoC…
Watch Robert Redford, Cate Blanchett, James Vanderbilt and myself live on @AOL right now: http://t.co/W9Kvz0S86b via @AOLBUILD
Tonight RT @TimesTalks: #RobertRedford #CateBlanchett #MaryMapes and @DanRather on Tonight's @TimesTalks. Watch live http://t.co/kwjWhhT7jH
RT @catebblogbr: Robert Redford, Cate Blanchett, Dan Rather, Mary Mapes - Truth NY Premiere	#TruthMovie http://t.co/C7s0NmcWyg
RT @sonyclassics: Mary Mapes, Cate Blanchett, Robert Redford, and Dan Rather face the flashbulbs		#Truthmovie… https://t.co/AK29yPKcco
RT @varietyjl: Cate Blanchett, @DanRather and Dennis Quaid pose for a selfie at the NY premiere of "Truth." Photo by @AndrewHWalker http://…
On the red carpet at the NYC premiere of #TruththeMovie with Robert Redford and @ExtraTV. http://t.co/o96oHpl8E4
#Truththemovie premieres tonight in NYC. Looking forward to seeing Robert Redford, Cate Blanchett, @TopherGrace and all the cast and crew.
Check out Cate Blanchett on @TheEllenShow right now talking about #TruththeMovie.
My grandson is a freshman @RiceUniversity. I hope this will be part of his college experience.  https://t.co/JhUhshCNFq
Some laughs last night with Robert Redford and @SAGFoundation @NS4drama. #TruththeMovie http://t.co/Z731bo8wiR
Bob Redford had great thoughts tonight @sagaftra about why he has done so many movies about journalism #TruththeMovie http://t.co/JDQixDE7Wz
Excited to talk to @sagaftra @SAGfoundation @NS4drama tonight about #TruththeMovie. Should be an interesting conversation w/ #RobertRedford.
.@iamjohnoliver @LastWeekTonight tackles mental health/mass shootings last night w/ an e.g. from our show: https://t.co/PwLitvP7kT
Watch the Big Interview tomorrow at 10:30a on AXSTV w/ @EdwardNorton. It's a re-run, but definitely worth watching: https://t.co/j87ahoVzPN
An early start to football Sunday as the @MiamiDolphins play the @NYJets from London. Who are you rooting for?
My heart goes out to the victims in Oregon. We may not know all the details but the general storyline is horrifyingly familiar. #UCCShooting
Got to have a sense of humor when @southpark mentions you MT @SouthPark: I'm Dan Rather and I got news for you... http://t.co/sh1iFjREdp
See you next week at the NY #truththemovie premiere! RT @TopherGrace: Another photo of me and the man at #tiff http://t.co/3ramjD0Em1
@BrianTylerMusic The music you composed for the upcoming movie #Truth was truly powerful and emotional. I can't wait for everyone to hear it
In case you missed my, "Ignoring Science..." article, thx to @Iamjohnoliver &amp; @lastweektonight for the inspiration http://t.co/zPBxeemDr3
Re: John #Boehner stepping down: Sign of GOP lurching to the right. More difficult to win the coming presidential next election.
Probable biggest threat to Trump in tonights debate is @CarlyFiorina. Knowing how to handle a woman on stage will be a challenge for Trump.
Some of my thoughts on tonights debate: https://t.co/zz0JdoXaP6
Looking forward to sharing my thoughts on #leadership &amp; my experiences with @Chicago_ACC @ACCinhouse! http://t.co/wOu2ioJqea @apbspeakers
Great fun seeing @TopherGrace and Elisabeth Moss at the Truth movie premiere. https://t.co/rGVAb5ygX5
Re: #WDBJ shooting: Ghastly, shocking. Condolences to victims' families. So much for us to contemplate.
Thinking of my dear friend @abc Peter Jennings... still hard to believe it’s been so long.
Pleased to be referenced in this article http://t.co/6GQZ2VVm6q
RT @RatherPrize: .@thedanrather and grandson @martinrather are looking for the best ideas to improve #Texas #education. Learn more: https:/…
Folks over at @dmagazine did a podcast with me the other day- some very funny guys helped us promote #RatherPrize http://t.co/DBwjILllgb
RT @CNNTonight: He should be worried. He comes off as...a man whose shoes hurt him - @TheDanRather on #JebBush http://t.co/nj8DjTo3pP
Honored to be on @weareaustin this morning to discuss @ratherprize - &amp; they showed me this relic! http://t.co/P65b2M9TPO
Excited to be in @mashable HQ to watch the #GOPDebate with @jmsummers
RT @mashable: LIVE on #Periscope: .@TheDanRather talks #GOPDebate with politics editor @jmsummers  https://t.co/0g1telB0C1
No big winners, no big losers, no "ah hah" moments. #GOPDebate
That's a wrap on the JV debate. Pretty vanilla. But all of these candidates come off as competent, smart people. Shows depth of GOP field.
Wrote up a little game for @mashable to help you all get through tonight's debate. 		http://t.co/H0jquRGvzn
Gratified that the article about my work by the @AP 's David Bauder is getting a lot of play on the internet.  http://t.co/na64wiFHWr
Still getting my head around my interview this morning w/@thefatjew_ Be interesting to see how it plays on @mashable http://t.co/L42XVbVf1Q
My grandson @martinrather helped write nat'l guidebook called @truthhighschool. Great young #education perspective http://t.co/LzR7u2E47t
Chris Wallace among choices to moderate debates.  Good choice.  He's a pro.
I sit down with the country-pop sensation @rascalflatts TONIGHT for the Big Interview on AXS-TV at 8pm ET/5 pm CT. https://t.co/iPwsdgTL6g
RT @mashable: Forget the drama. @TheDanRather on why you shouldn't get caught up in the 2016 election yet: http://t.co/1BoqKDAlov http://t.…
Recently spoke with Cindy Adams about James Vanderbilt's new movie, Truth. 	http://t.co/jwBMwGEPXh
American Program Bureau is giving away my book “Rather Outspoken: My Life in the News”! To enter &amp; win, use #APB50 on Twitter or Facebook!
It's @apbspeakers 50th anni. &amp; you can win my book Rather Outspoken! Enter to win by using #APB50 http://t.co/wbNnhg4dQE #ReadingWithRather
A candid photo from my Big Interview with Pat Benatar and Neil Giraldo Tomorrow night on AXS-TV at 8 pm ET/5 pm CT. http://t.co/eFCYRV0mI5
Next up on The Big Interview: Pat Benatar and Neil Giraldo. Premieres Tuesday, July 21st on AXS-TV at 8 pm ET/5 pm CT http://t.co/2F62OP042H
Such a pleasure to meet this one of a kind talent. http://t.co/Q5U6SdKW25
Had a great time chatting with @JohnLeguizamo The interview premieres tomorrow night at 8pmET/5pmPT on @AXSTV http://t.co/fTruJGp6nA
Here are my thoughts on the #SCOTUS ruling on marriage equality. What do you think? http://t.co/xTWlhAAa9c
President Obama's eulogy yesterday so different in tone from 2008 speech on race. How has time in office changed his views?
If Hillary wins the election she may look back on today and Supreme Court's decision on Obamacare as a decisive moment.
Huge round of applause here for @mcuban and all of his work for tonight's #unwantedinamerica event. Thanks so much for making this possible!
A hearty thank you to @jimlangevin for a wonderful introduction at the #unwantedinamerica event http://t.co/h3ZNQlMmik
Great to talk with @RepHankJohnson at the #unwantedinamerica screening http://t.co/GX3vDvqAup
Here at #uscapitol for #unwantedinamerica screening (our documentary on int'l adoption)- will be tweeting all night to raise awareness!
Fly fishing Beaverkill river. Released him immediately. Consider the big one my Father's Day fish. http://t.co/2jXPiy2RKP
By this point we should have made more progress in reducing racial hatred &amp; gun violence. There's much work left to do. #CharlestonShooting
Watch me &amp; others discuss the widespread criminal conspiracy known for shorthand as Watergate tonight #SeventiesCNN http://t.co/3DsmN2xdGr
Interviewed by Dr. Laurie Nadel &amp; the Mind Body Network discussing topics ranging from religion to Abu Ghraib http://t.co/7WG1ZHTJBv
First episode of #TheSeventies on @CNN is riveting and entertaining.  First rate television.
#Republican efforts to suppress #Voting likely for emphasis in #HillaryClinton’s big speech tomorrow. @HillaryClinton
President Obama's eulogy for VP Biden's son stunningly moving. Impossible to get out of my mind even hours afterward.
Continuing the Canadian Maritime Provinces cruise. Today we tour St John's. Like all of Canada its amazingly clean. How do they do this?
Cruise stop in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia. An on board lecture about the War of 1812 by Dr. Bill Cogar, provides much food for thought.
Did you know?  Besides the Titanic, some 5 thousand ship wrecks are on the bottom of the sea off the coast of Nova Scotia!
Hard to believe it's been 50 years since man first walked in space. Brings back memories from my Space Race coverage https://t.co/Mgewx8FJ3W
Aboard the MS Saint Laurent's inaugural #cruise where we have stopped off at #Gaspe, a beautiful, clean and windy city with a rich history.
Let's hope @SeppBlatter 's resignation will lead to a greater opening for change and transparency within #FIFA	#Blatter
Disappointed President al Bashir has been sworn in for another 5yrs. Am skeptical he wants dialogue w/the West #Sudan	http://t.co/BuIVItJwg5
Senate approved  #USAFreedomAct meaning the most significant surveillance reform bill in years is headed to @POTUS
Touring the Canadian Maritimes. The cleanliness of Quebec &amp; everywhere else we've been is remarkable-how do they manage this?	#TravelTuesday
In Quebec, one of most beautiful and interesting cities in North America. Here to work and relax some. Been a while since I was last here.
Reading Pete McCloskey's (latest) book "A Year in a Marine Rifle Company."  Excellent.
Thinking about floods in Texas, Oklahoma and on into Ohio while listening to Johnny Cash's "How High's the Water Mama"
My thoughts, spirit, and heart go out to the people of Wharton, the place of my birth.  #Wharton, #flood, #flooding, #floodhouston
#JFK's birthday was little noted today. Too little. Another reminder that fame is fleeting and fickle, even for a President. #jfkbirthday
Thinking of flood victims in Houston &amp; floods when I was growing up there. These are among the worst in Houston's history which says a lot
@tomfriedman's "Contain and Amplify" is worth a read and worth thinking about deeply https://t.co/FdWYdceIAc
Had coffee with a friend at the University Club where he is a member.  Their library is one of the great rooms of New York and the country.
Great visit w/my old friend Tom Goodman at his spectacular @GoodmanMedia HQ where they've filmed everything from #TheGoodWife  to #GIRLS
@tampabaybuzztap fans: Forgive me if you will, but I'm hoping the @NYRangers can pull even tonight in the hockey playoffs
Watched #TexasRising last night and was impressed by the quality of the production and the acting @HISTORY
Thank you @mashable and all those who shared in my reflection this memorial day. @nycjim @ninatypewriter @ricfouad @ChefCindi @LanceUlanoff
RT @W_C_Productions: Dan Rather says it simply yet powerfully, "The price of war" http://t.co/Hs8XyQgMrk via @mashable @thedanrather #danra…
I was asked about the Kardashians. To paraphrase Winston Churchill, "I don't worry about the Kardashians and they don't worry about me."
Visited @BuzzFeed newsroom - very impressive in size, energy and hopes.
A salute to NY firemen whose bravery saved a Brooklyn mother and twins from burning
RT @BoLauder: Another #ACIS championship comes to roost @FriendsOwls   This time golf!! Congrats all! http://t.co/BwJeZhlTCe
Turns out some of the biggest banks have been as crooked as the Brazos River.
Banks settle criminal acts for 5B, but nobody goes to prison? What about "equal justice under the law"? This goes down worse than bad chili.
@Letterman Hope the 33 years was as rewarding for you as it was for your millions of fans. #davidletterman http://t.co/wkOi3am6e5
#DavidLetterman http://t.co/I0rTTwdmUm
@amdhit Confirmed.  I can be your second source on that.  Come over and say hi when we are finished.
Greatly enjoyed my time on The Rachel Maddow Show. Big thanks to @maddow for having me on. http://t.co/0hDtlIlMlK
Don't miss our Big Interview with Florida-Georgia Line​. TONIGHT at 8pmET/ 5pmPT on AXS TV. https://t.co/lgVkYq4gd6 @FLAGALine
Tonight on @AXSTV , I'm thrilled to bring you the Big Interview with @joshgroban​ at 8 pm et/5 pm ct. https://t.co/EXlqZ7y1vw
Take a listen to one of my favorite clips from my conversation with @joshgroban premiering tomorrow night on @AXSTV https://t.co/IlXUEvEOVE
A bonus clip where @joshgroban talks about his rendition of the holiday classic, I'll Be Home for Christmas. https://t.co/dXqsVQ2c94
Another clip from my interview with @joshgroban airing May 5th. This time on whom he’d like to collaborate with next https://t.co/fNav7HgqfD
A moment from my upcoming interview with @joshgroban that didn't make the final cut. https://t.co/LiFgn6uW8A
Only one hour until the premiere of my Big Interview with Lindsey Buckingham! Tune in at 8pmET/ 5pmPT on @AXSTV.	https://t.co/2qoGVkoivt
What is Lindsey Buckingham's relationship with Stevie Nicks today? https://t.co/GKPslJpYcT
On tomorrow's The Big Interview, Lindsey Buckingham takes you inside the making of an iconic album. https://t.co/7cAR2Cs1wQ
This morning I'm on @CNNReliable with @brianstelter talking about the press and access to the President.
Here's a sneak peak of my interview with Vince Gill premiering TONIGHT a 8pmET/ 5pmPT on @AXSTV. https://t.co/vOAvq7ECr7 @VGcom
Tune in tomorrow night for the premiere of my Big Interview with Vince Gill at 8pmET/ 5pmPT on @AXSTV @VGcom
Who does Vince Gill think is the greatest country music artist of all time?	https://t.co/k2zV0KNKq2 @VGcom
One hour until my Big Interview with @trishayearwood on @AXSTV http://t.co/tmv3EthF1v
Be sure to tune in TONIGHT for my Big Interview with the great @trishayearwood 8pmET/ 5pmPT on @AXSTV	https://t.co/15Hsji1StK
Singing superstar @trishayearwood on why she thinks there are too few women singers being played on country radio. 	https://t.co/PhcooEpHjz
On this episode of The Big Interview I sit down with @trishayearwood Here we discuss her latest album and cookbook. https://t.co/hn42MiMh4I
An entertaining bonus scene from my interview with comedy legend @DonRickles airing TONIGHT 8pmET/ 5pmPT on @AXSTV https://t.co/3q1OHegk3b
Don't miss my unique conversation with the legendary @DonRickles premiering tomorrow night at 8pmET/ 5pmPT on @AXSTV https://t.co/0Jranv9Guw
A few words about my friend and long-time colleague, Bob Simon http://t.co/scZG5CtFfe
Condolences to the family of my friend and long-time colleague, CBS News Correspondent Bob Simon.
Be sure to tune in TONIGHT for my Big Interview with the great Daryl Hall! 8pmET/ 5pmPT on AXS TV. @LFDHcom https://t.co/5RmLqTNo0J
A bonus moment with Weird Al Yankovic -- catch his Big Interview tonight at 8pmET/5pmPT on @AXSTV https://t.co/JcMfgB0deX
Tune into My Interview with Weird Al Yankovic tomorrow 8pmET/5pmPT on AXS TV. His world tour begins in May. #WeirdAl https://t.co/Uw21ZvrSm1
My tour of @alyankovic collection of Hawaiian shirts. Check out our interview Tuesday night 8pmET/ 5pmPT on @AXSTV  https://t.co/hZxjR4PF4A
Don't miss The Big Interview with @martystuarthq premiering TOMORROW NIGHT January 27th at 8pmET/ 5pmPT on AXS TV.  https://t.co/o4ORf8Hw9H
A behind the scenes photo of my interview with @martystuarthq premiering January 27th at 8pmET/ 5pmPT on AXS TV. http://t.co/CZzATbesB6
Just heard on @mrBobbyBones that I was invited to @RadioLunchbox wedding! Delighted and honored to attend.  Awaiting further instruction.
Check out this sneak peak of our "Big Interview" with @WynonnaMusic Premiering tonight at 8PM ET/5PM PT on AXS TV http://t.co/WRgPPPFZAG
Don't miss the Season 3 premiere of The Big Interview with superstar @WynonnaMusic Tomorrow at 8pmET/ 5pmPT on @AXSTV http://t.co/1uYcUTuDm7
Wonderful afternoon with @WynonnaMusic in Nashville. A true legend. Tues @ 8 on AXS-TV http://t.co/F0uOf3sL6a
RT @donlemon: Grew up wanting to be this guy. Tonight  he was a guest on my show. For real surreal! @TheDanRather #DanRather http://t.co/kD…
RT @AXSTV: Children adopted to the US from overseas are being abandoned. @TheDanRather has the story. Unwanted in America 8 ET http://t.co/…
Excited for the premiere of our new doc "Unwanted In America". TONIGHT, 8pm EST on @AXSTV http://t.co/PjtYL77eGO
Can't wait to highlight amazing musicians @moonhooch @LorenzoLaroc Caitlin Claessens and @jesselharry Tonight on AXS. http://t.co/skw5Kp4dju
I can't wait for you all to see The Big Interview with @AnnieLennox premiering tomorrow night at 8pmET/ 5pmPT on AXS. http://t.co/sGhvlhqTKm
Don't miss my fascinating conversation with the one and only @AnnieLennox, November 11th at 8pmET/ 5pmPT on AXS.
Excited to sit down with @brianstelter to discuss the future of television and media on Reliable Sources this Sunday.
If you listen to Carlos Santana live as we did and can keep your head or feet still, you must be dead.
The Santana rehearsal yesterday barely prepared me for the incredible spectacle that is watching Carlos Santana live. http://t.co/fSHCm45eJR
I wanted to share this inspiring Ted Talk from Kim Motley, the subject of a story we covered a while back.	http://t.co/kh3k3IFrdI
Rest In peace Ben Bradlee. You set a high standard for journalists everywhere. You will be missed.
RT @RoySekoff: Here's the full video of my convo w/ @TheDanRather. His passion and sense of purpose burn as bright as ever. http://t.co/P6e…
Really enjoyed my conversation with @RoySekoff. Thanks to AOL Build for having me! http://t.co/UMCH50P3fu
Really enjoyed my conversation with @RoySekoff. Thanks to AOL Build for having me! http://t.co/5peG1lhyDa
With my friend and mentor Bill Small at the Emmy Awards where he received a lifetime achievement award. http://t.co/F46uAasyAr
@genesimmons is a Hollywood guy now but he grew up here in NYC after immigrating to the US at age 8. http://t.co/n1ZZxbV9v4
@Yankees @YESNetwork  wonder what D Jeter's feeling on day one of new life. I'm still thinking about the last 20 yrs. http://t.co/9B3n8wIkmz
RT @sehrbearr: So glad I got to meet @TheDanRather :D http://t.co/lsC4WX18Ni
Learned a lot @SEGL event in Austin + good to catch up with @JoaquinCastrotx http://t.co/7mIHguwg2d
Here is another @_KennyRogers bonus moment: I give singing along with Kenny the old college try. https://t.co/aEX28ZWVtF
Here is a moment with @_KennyRogers  that didn't make it into the final program where we discus his dedicated fans. 	https://t.co/Fe77YpI3Aj