Last year, Lewandowski would only answer “relevant” questions when he went before House Intel - and little after he left campaign in June 2016. He told Dems he wasn’t going to answer their “f*cking” questions. Dems wanted subpoena; Nunes wouldn’t allow it https://t.co/yp9OdnhWNz https://t.co/LjXyb4TM4d
Hillary Clinton on 2020: "I'm not running but I'm going to keep on working and speaking and standing up for what I believe'. https://t.co/ePVWKsvGUn
RT @RiegerReport: TRUMP to D.C. Attorney General KARL RACINE: "I feel like you’re — like I know you."		RACINE: "I feel like I know you as w…
DOJ spox: “Following General Barr’s confirmation, senior career ethics officials advised that General Barr should not recuse himself from the Special Counsel’s investigation. Consistent with that advice, General Barr has decided not to recuse.”
“We have to make sure this is not a dictatorship,” Nadler said. Asked if probe is intended to lay groundwork for impeachment, he says on @OutFrontCNN: “It may come to that. It may not.” https://t.co/U6sYwAotZE
Will Ivanka Trump be pulled into investigation and asked to provide info to the House Judiciary Committee? “Quite conceivably,” Nadler tells @ErinBurnett
Comey: ”The Hillary Clinton case was one where the public interest required that we speak. Angry voices in July 2016 said we should have said nothing. ... The decision to decline prosecution would have been far less credible without those details.” https://t.co/fU02QBnITS
Dems who back impeachment are giving House committees space to investigate first. AOC says: “I defer to the chair. I defer to party leadership.” https://t.co/RfGWH0OcAO
Leaving Khashoggi briefing, Marco Rubio criticizes admin handling of fallout of murder		“It’s not the right approach to it - I’ve said that from the beginning,” Rubio told me	Admin saying privately what they assert publicly about MBS role in murder: “They have no direct evidence”
Asked if she saw the SNL skit about her this weekend, Dianne Feinstein told me she didn’t. “Thank god,” she said.
Nunes’ office attacks House Dems for not being “honest investigators” and instead being “zealous, partisan operatives.” https://t.co/cKjCRyfGU3
Sen. John Kennedy on House probe: “I think there are some House members that decided they want to start the election early, and they're going to do everything they can to tear down the president. I'm not saying that Republicans wouldn't do it if the shoe were on the other foot.” https://t.co/kogVgPc79N
RT @jmhansler: A State Department spokesperson confirms that they have received the letter and "will work cooperatively with the committees…
RT @TheLeadCNN: The House Judiciary Committee announced a sprawling investigation into Trump's inner circle, sending letters to 81 people &amp;…
RT @Hadas_Gold: Jane rightly credits @oliverdarcy in the piece but adding the link to his original story on it here: https://t.co/hNkeaZsiz…
House Democratic leaders, responding to concerns over Rep. Omar's latest remarks, moving forward with resolution condemning anti-Semitism, per @KilloughCNN @ckmarie https://t.co/DpURdRQjhn
Dems tell Pompeo they want transcribed interviews with all staff who have knowledge of Trump-Putin talks, including translators https://t.co/ch0616YXUJ
Here's the letter to Mulvaney, asking among other things, did Trump destroy the interpreter's notes: https://t.co/yrfkmAMYXP
Three House Democratic chairmen -- Schiff, Engel and Cummings -- demand details about Trump's talks with Putin, sending letters to State and WH. They say they are investigating a "number of issues surrounding these communications."
Among the demands: Committee asks Hope Hicks for “any personal or work diary, journal, or other book containing notes, a record or a description of daily events related to your employment" with Trump, campaign, WH, Trump Org https://t.co/ggXxsVZ2r5
Trump, when asked if he will cooperate with House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler's new probe, says: “I  cooperate all the time with everybody," per pool.
RT @CNNnewsroom: The House has "announced the breadth of this sweeping investigation into allegations of obstruction of justice, involving…
Here’s the list of everyone on Nadler’s list and the Dem doc request: Eric Trump, Don Jr, Jared, David Pecker, Allen Weisselberg, and many more https://t.co/0PAmv5nMBF https://t.co/pEv4eZ3Fav
Nadler demands documents within two weeks from all aspects of Trump world, with 81 letters requesting a broad array of info as part of new obstruction probe. Committee got greenlight from SDNY and Mueller team; expect public hearings too  https://t.co/NlqNHXaL8o
Pelosi this AM on new House Judiciary probe: “I think what they’re doing is exercising their constitutional responsibility for oversight. That is part of article 1 of the Constitution .. To do anything less would be delinquent in our duties than to exercise our oversight.”
RT @AaronBlake: Trump is now over 9,000 false or misleading claims as president https://t.co/UB1REqIKKY
RT @JaneMayerNYer: New from me: Fox News HAD the story of Trump's hush money payoffs to Stormy Daniels BEFORE the election but killed it be…
RT @bradheath: Pompeo appeared to learn of North Korea's diplomatic response to the halted summit during the interview. His first reaction…
Trump seems to be blaming Michael Cohen hearing for failure with North Korea https://t.co/9KRQ3o0AhM
Very rare - the most recent example of a freshman getting this level of pushback from own party was Ted Cruz after the 2013 shutdown https://t.co/k2u8j3tov6
RT @maggieNYT: Publisher has said there is no manuscript. Potus says media is suppressing something that publisher says doesn’t exist. Very…
Rand Paul becomes vote 51, all-but ensuring Trump will have to veto resolution of disapproval to block his emergency declaration on border wall  https://t.co/3dOxLtoscp
RT @ryanstruyk: .@jaketapper: "Do you take Kim Jong Un at his word?"  		.@AmbJohnBolton: "The president takes him at his word."	  	@jaketap…
Trump’s own Justice Department implicated him in two felonies, with prosecutors writing in filings that Cohen “acted in coordination and at the direction of” Trump in hush-money scandal https://t.co/YlknDwKRpC
GOP Rep. Justin Amash to @jaketapper on whether he would run for WH as Libertarian in 2020. “I never rule anything out - that’s not on my radar right now. I think it is important we have someone in there that is presenting a vision for America that is different” than GOP and Dems
RT @igorbobic: "My opinion doesn't matter," Bolton says on CNN when asked if he agrees with Trump's defense of Kim Jong Un over Otto Warmbi…
Asked if he’s relying on circumstantial evidence on Trump-Russia, Mark Warner tells @jaketapper: “Folks who I talk to who have been in the prosecutorial business have said, when you are looking at conspiracies, it is almost always based upon a pattern of circumstantial evidence”
Asked about Trump hush money payments as POTUS, Kevin McCarthy blames Cohen. “The attorney has the responsibility to determine what’s right or wrong.”  Asked why Trump lied, he says on ABC: “This is a personal issue .. why would most people not go to the .. public about this?”
House Judiciary Chairman Nadler says tomorrow “we will be issuing document requests to over 60 different people ... including Don Jr and Allen Weisselberg” as part of its investigation into obstruction. Asked on ABC if he believes Trump obstructed justice, Nadler said: Yes, I do”
RT @cnnadam: Fact Checking Trump (and others) at CPAC, ⁦@HolmesLybrand⁩ weighs in	https://t.co/iPJ4jXbgPb
RT @sahilkapur: Josh Hawley was served with a subpoena as he left the CPAC stage, according to the Kansas City Star.		https://t.co/TcaP9QHg…
RT @ryanobles: Another sign 2020 will be much different than 2016 for @BernieSanders —&gt; he will show much more of his personal side at tomo…
House Dems moving closer to issuing WH subpoena over security clearances https://t.co/84VWDLsnGd
Rare cleanup by Trump, who typically digs in after making comments that generate controversy. But there was no misinterpretation to Trump on Kim: “He tells me that he didn’t know about it, and I will take him at his word. I don’t believe that he would have allowed that to happen” https://t.co/iUG61S43oj
RT @jimsciutto: Breaking: US &amp; South Korea expected to reconfigure annual large-scale military exercises, a cornerstone of the defense rela…
A member of Dem leadership, who sits on House Judiciary, says Hannity should testify about Trump hush-money after his comments last night. “If he feels he has information that's relevant to this investigation, he should share it under oath before Congress” https://t.co/RhhIlrdzS7
Kushner clearance fallout: "I'd like to see the Kelly memorandum so we got a full picture of what he was told, why was he told it and what were his reservations," said Rep Connolly, who sits on Oversight		"I would love to see Mr. Kelly come before our committee to talk about" it. https://t.co/AngaI0RPeP
RT @Rene_MarshCNN: More than 1k TSA employees still haven't received backpay post longest government shutdown in U.S. history. https://t.co…
Cummings writes to WH on security clearances. “For these reasons, I am now writing a final time to request your voluntary cooperation with this investigation. I ask that you begin producing all responsive documents immediately, ...Please provide your response to” panel by March 4
RT @jimsciutto: Breaking: Warmbier family blasts Trump statement on their son: “Kim and his evil regime are responsible for the death of ou…
Rep. Gerry Connolly, a senior Dem on Oversight, told me that he wants former WH chief John Kelly to appear before the panel - and he says the committee needs to obtain the Kelly memo about Trump ordering the Kushner security clearance
RT @jaketapper: Nunes tells CPAC “everything that Mueller did” should be made public, “every email...everybody that they wiretapped, every…
RT @CNNnewsroom: Michael Cohen will return to Capitol Hill next week for further testimony.		@mkraju says Congress wants "to know specifica…
RT @joshscampbell: Hannity says Michael Cohen didn't tell President Trump about illegal hush payments. Trump agrees. 		The audio recording…
RT @maggieNYT: Giuliani said Trump was reimbursing Cohen beginning almost immediately after the election. https://t.co/AbECyFqRuG
RT @davidcicilline: Sean Hannity is now volunteering himself as a witness. I look forward to his testimony. https://t.co/eOjhlkg4mU
Cummings told me 5-6 committees would split up probes of the various crimes alleged at Cohen hearing https://t.co/loaQfzMBGA
Trump tries to claim the hush-money payments were Cohen’s doing - not his, telling Hannity: “He did and he made the decision. Remember this, he’s an attorney - whatever decision he makes, you’re supposed to rely on your attorney to make a decision. ... It’s also called reliance.”
Cummings not happy WH not giving him info on Kushner security clearance as he’s been demanding. “To date, the White House has not produced a single document or scheduled a single interview. The Committee expects full compliance ... it may become necessary to“ subpoena
Where Kushner met with the Saudi crown prince https://t.co/qibJ9TdR9n https://t.co/iupd0sYlSG
Asked Schiff about whether Cohen revealed anything about WH involvement in editing his false statements to Congress from 2017, and Schiff would not discuss "the substance." He said they went into "great detail" about topics discussed yesterday and talked about new topics https://t.co/BdQnop6Hi0
Schiff says Felix Sater before his committee in public session on March 14; he won’t comment on the substance of Cohen’s testimony
Cohen is coming back to HPSCI March 6
RT @Phil_Mattingly: .@senatemajldr McConnell just filed cloture on 3 more circuit court nominations	-Readler, Sixth Circuit	-Rushing, Fourt…
Lanny Davis: “Mr. Cohen testified truthfully . ... He also backed up much of his testimony with documents. It may not be surprising that two pro-Trump Committee members known have a baseless criminal referral. In my opinion, it is a sad misuse of” justice system with partisanship https://t.co/26TNVlobE9
Lamar Alexander also raises serious concerns about emergency declaration but won’t say how he’ll vote. Just one more is needed to approve disapproval resolution but no one seems to want to say they’ll be vote 51 - yet https://t.co/xqYJq9JTiz
Rand Paul signals he may vote to block national emergency 		I asked him if he would vote for resolution to block it: “I think it’s a bad idea to run government by emergency and the power of the purse should remain with Congress.”		Asked him again how he’d vote and he wouldn’t say
More details here on what Jordan and Meadows are alleging: https://t.co/Nt0BxudIhd
Kevin McCarthy on Cohen allegations against Trump: “From what I’ve seen and what we’ve investigated, doesn’t give me any pause whatsoever about this president.”
RT @spettypi: BREAKING: North Koreans in press conference disputed Trump's account that North Korean asked for removal of ALL sanctions. Sa…
Meadows and Jordan write to the Justice Department and refer Michael Cohen for possible criminal prosecution, claiming to have evidence that Cohen "committed perjury and knowingly made false statements" in his House Oversight testimony.
Mark Meadows on the floor talking to Rashida Tlaib, they just hugged and appeared to have a warm conversation
Pelosi sidesteps questions about Cohen testimony and impeachment. “Impeachment is a divisive issue in our country. Let us see what the facts are, what the law is, and what the behavior is of the President.” She says she didn’t watch testimony but saw reports on it
Mark Meadows, asked about his 2012 comments about sending Obama back to Kenya, says he “certainly didn’t indicate any personal malice” and says, “anyone who knows me knows that there is not a racial bone in my body,” per @SunlenSerfaty
Eiljah Cummings told me his panel will “probably” focus on investigating Trump’s role in the hush-money payment scandal while he was president. He said that if people were named at the hearing yesterday, they can expect to hear from the committee one way or the other.
Lawmakers, heading to votes, say that the Michael Cohen hearing today is starting very slowly and that it’s going to be a long day of questioning.
Josh Hawley, after wavering, gets behind Neomi Rao’s nomination to the DC Circuit. Her nomination was successfully voted out of the Senate Judiciary Committee on a 12-10 vote.
Off the floor, McConnell won’t comment to @tedbarrettcnn on Trump’s Otto Warmbier remarks. “Yeah, I just addressed this whole issue on the floor."		Q-I don't think you brought up Warmbier.		"I just addressed the issue on the floor and that's what I have to say about it today." https://t.co/o78njr48Uf
After his Tuesday tweet, Gaetz was asked if he spoke to Trump about the Cohen allegations he was making, and Gaetz said: “I think the President’s a little busy saving us from nuclear war on the Korean Peninsula to be worried about my Twitter feed.” https://t.co/6CbjUxbV8Z
Senate GOP’s official position on a Roy Moore redux https://t.co/mnTz3JlwCI
On the floor, McConnell praises Trump’s “smart” handling of North Korea and says he “should be commended for walking away.” He doesn’t mention Trump saying he believes Kim Jong Un didn’t want Otto Warmbier tortured
Nunes just returned to the hearing
About 30 minutes in, Devin Nunes left the Michael Cohen classified hearing. Members often leave hearings when they have other conflicts, and sometimes return. Nunes was the first person seen splitting from Cohen hearing
RT @eorden: It's all about SDNY.		In public testimony before Congress, Cohen provided fresh details about Trump's participation in Cohen's…
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump took Vladimir Putin at his word on Russian election interference.		He took MBS at his word over the brutal murder o…
Talks stall between Trump and Kim. Last June, Trump said North Korea is “no longer a nuclear threat.” https://t.co/rVNldNdIMi
Trump takes the dictator’s word for it https://t.co/q0vRmZEGUC
RT @JakeSherman: House Republicans are putting a lot of mainstream media stories — WaPo, Vanity Fair, CNN — in the record. Many of the same…
RT @heatherscope: The GOP's procedural victories continue to give Democratic leaders heartburn. Pelosi raised the issue in a meeting tonigh…
Higgins today at hearing to Cohen: “Well, I didn't know who you were until today, really.” https://t.co/tu7iVhNO3A
RT @EliStokols: Would also add that Kim answering this @DavidNakamura question this morning (perhaps the first time he's ever responded to…
RT @jdawsey1: He was deputy finance chairman of the Republican National Committee until last year. https://t.co/XutNAJldd4
Quite a shift from yesterday when Gaetz was defiant and defending his initial tweet https://t.co/yqAWOKpGTu
RT @annafifield: Kim Jong Un just answered a question from a journalist. Unprecedented https://t.co/HCJtL9MDyE
Clarence Thomas appears to be doing a little lobbying as a freshman Republican wavers over a Trump pick to fill a key spot on the federal bench, per ⁦@ElizLanders⁩  https://t.co/4YanfLEjDR
Cummings thinks "more shoes will drop."		Asked him if he wants to bring Don Jr and Weisselberg in, he said he "probably" will but will consult with SDNY.		Also, said he warned Cohen not to lie bc he would "nail you to the cross."		On impeachment, wants to "proceed cautiously" https://t.co/r0E1YfKm40
Schiff said tomorrow his committee will “drill down” on a number of the topics that came up today and will ask about a “number that were not raised.” He didn’t specify but he said HPSCI will be “doing a lot of the painstaking work of identifying the source’s corroboration.”
Asked if he believes Trump committed crimes, Adam Schiff told me that the Southern District of New York implicated him in crimes and: “What we saw today was those crimes continued while he was in the Oval Office.”
Cummings also said he privately warned Cohen not to lie and he told him he would “nail him to the cross” if he did lie to his panel
Cummings says he believes Trump may have committed crimes while in office. I asked if Trump committed an impeachable offense, he said he wants to proceed cautiously.
RT @jiveDurkey: ‼️		Question by @mkraju: Will you be looking to call in Donald Trump Jr. or Allen Weisselberg?		@RepCummings: “We probably…
Getting very personal at end of this hearing. Rashida Tlaib says Mark Meadows made a 'racist' comment by bringing in a black woman as a 'prop' to say Trump isn't racist. Meadows, getting angry, asked it to be stricken from the record. She clarifies she's not calling him a racist
Cohen giving committee much to continue probing. 		AOC asked about David Pecker's knowledge of "treasure trove" of docs; and for individuals who know Trump improperly inflated assets 		Speier wants tapes of his conversations and initial pre-edited  testimony in which he lied
"There are three other people who are equally involved in this conspiracy, is that true?" asks @RoKhanna 		Cohen: Yes		https://t.co/n5SYOSBtP6
RT @LisaDNews: UNIVERSAL GUN BACKGROUND CHECKS - GOP yes votes today:	Buchanan (FL)	Diaz-Balart (FL)	Fitzpatrick (PA)	Hurd (TX)	King (NY)	M…
When Cohen hearing reconvenes, there will be no more Republicans left to question and a handful of junior Dems, including AOC
Asked Jim Jordan if he has any concerns about Trump involvement in a hush money scheme and Cohen presenting copy of a check. “I think it’s news we knew about.”		He thinks payments were for services based on a retainer with Trump, though Cohen testified that they had no retainer
Cohen says Trump called him when he was in the car and gave the phone to Melania, and Cohen then knowingly lied to her and denied Trump’s extramarital affairs
Speier: "Is there a love child?	   	Cohen: "There’s not to the best of my knowledge."	   	Speier: Pecker paid to kill a story of a “love child that doesn’t exist?"		Cohen: "Correct -- $15,000" https://t.co/lLU3sniw9a
Cohen says Trump asked him to threaten or intimidate people more than 500 times during his 10 years with him
Matt Gaetz, sitting behind Mark Meadows, whispering to him here in Cohen hearing
Cohen says that Trump friend David Pecker paid $15K to kill a story about Trump having a love child with an employee -- something based on a conversation overheard by an elevator operator.
Richard Burr pushes back to @tedbarrettcnn when asked about Cohen’s allegations that Trump talked to Stone about WikiLeaks dump.		“Did he produce proof?  Any notes, times, days?  There are a lot of accusations he’s making without anything to back it up.“
RT @jeremyherb: Cohen's testimony ping-ponged between Democrats who walked Cohen through the actions Trump took and Republicans who challen…
Michael Cohen says that Jay Sekulow made "changes" and "additions" to his false testimony to Congress. He suggests that Sekulow, Trump's attorney, made "several changes" as to "how we were going to handle that message" related to the Trump Tower Moscow project and timeframe.
Michael Cohen says that a conversation between him and Trump last year after raid of Cohen's properties is "one subject" that is under investigation by the U.S. attorney from the Southern District of NY -- and tells Rep. @CongressmanRaja he's been instructed not to talk about it.
Cohen testifies that he met with Trump and Jay Sekulow before he lied to the House Intelligence Committee about the Trump Tower Moscow project. Trump didn't "coach" him, but said he believed Trump wanted him to say there was no collusion and downplay ties to Russia
"Not one question so far has been asked about Mr. Trump," Cohen says, reprimanding GOP for going after him and not asking about Trump's conduct.
GOP trying to rattle Cohen with these posters in the hearing room https://t.co/f4UKAk1qAT
"Liar, liar pants on fire." -- Paul Gosar on Michael Cohen
Cohen on Trump Tower Moscow project: "After each communication that I had, I would report back to [Trump].  ... We were interested in building what would have been the largest building in all of Europe. .. The lies that I told to Congress, in fairness, benefited Mr. Trump."
“At the present moment, no one,” Michael Cohen says when asked by GOP Rep. Hice it anyone is paying Lanny Davis’ legal fees. GOP congressman asks if Tom Steyer is paying his fees. Cohen says Steyer isn’t
Cohen says he has taped 100 conversations over 10 years, though says he has no tapes of Trump making racist comments. Meadows says he has spoken to Trump over 300 times and says, “I have not” heard Trump make a racist comment
“Ask Ms. Patton how many people who are black are executives at the Trump Organization?” Cohen says to Meadows. “The answer is zero.”
RT @CillizzaCNN: Cohen says Hope Hicks called him in London when the "Access Hollywood tape" broke and said he had to start describing this…
“Shame on you, Mr Jordan,” Cohen said after Jordan asserted Cohen was disputing facts of his charges. “I take responsibility for my actions.”
GOP Rep. Comer: “What would you call yourself?” Michael Cohen: “A fool.”
“Mr. Trump’s desire to win would have him work with anyone,” Cohen says when asked if Trump worked with Russia
Cohen says Trump wanted him to work in the WH counsel office -- and Trump "reamed out" Priebus for not putting him there. But Cohen says there's a memo that urged him not to take the job because the scandals he was involved in would not be protected by attorney-client privilege
Cohen says there were several negotiations with Stormy's attorney for  hush money payment and he briefed Donald Trump each time. Allen Weisselberg, CFO of Trump Org, was heavily involved. Donald Trump Jr. had a "cursory" knowledge but his signature was on at least one check
“Worst judgment of anyone in the world.” - what Trump said about his son, Don Jr., according to Cohen
“For the record: Individual #1 is President Donald J. Trump.” https://t.co/Pvcy86wBwH
READ: The documents that Cohen is presenting to the committee to back up some of his allegations  https://t.co/hANX0kqcCn
“You’re their patsy today,” Jordan says to Cohen, saying Dems using him to pursue impeachment. “Fraudster, cheat, convicted felon and in two months, federal inmate.”
Cummings: “The day of this committee protecting the president at all costs are over.”
RT @CNNnewsroom: .@mkraju: "Do you think that now that you've seen the testimony, that the Russia investigation is going to be part of the…
Elijah Cummings says if Cohen is lying, he will have no problem referring him to DOJ. Rejecting GOP claims Cohen has nothing to lose by lying today, Cummings says: “He does have a lot to lose.”
RT @jeremyherb: And the Michael Cohen hearing is underway. Follow along here all day long, w/ @mkraju https://t.co/GtaSuEkR1y
Jordan says: “CNN had it before we did.” Here’s the testimony: https://t.co/5sXInkLBp2 https://t.co/Xbjp2zhUyw
Meadows moves to postpone Cohen hearing, saying that his testimony was not received 24 hours in advance as required by committee rules. It was received by the committee at 10:08pm
Matt Gaetz, not a member of the committee, is in the Cohen hearing room
This is significant. And just discussed at closed-door meeting - Dems Can now question Cohen on Russia after his opening statement was revealed. Here was our story from last night about Dem grumbling about the limits. https://t.co/YuVfx69X0q https://t.co/1ANaVtqAIs
Cohen’s testimony contradicts what Trump told Mueller in writing that Roger Stone did not tell him about WikiLeaks. Here’s what Trump told Mueller. https://t.co/15Gm8dSHfo https://t.co/9kBZiIeR1E
How the WH is acting on the world stage next to an authoritarian regime https://t.co/5E6f8XLFzV
Here’s a check Trump signed as president for $35K to Michael Cohen, per @GloriaBorger. Cohen will tell committee today it was one of 11 payments and part of a criminal scheme to silence Trump affairs. More here from the testimony circulating last night: https://t.co/5sXInkLBp2 https://t.co/pfJIMKimZe
RT @PhilipRucker: Trump did not respond to a reporter’s question about Michael Cohen testimony as he sat face to face with Kim Jong Un.
RT @JonLemire: Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un. 		Hanoi, 2.27.19 https://t.co/R9zPR7of2T
Gaetz apologizes after initially saying he was witness “testing” not “tampering” https://t.co/psst1wylNf
Cohen will say Trump lied about having bone spurs to get out of serving in Vietnam - testimony delivered on same day Trump is in Vietnam. “You think I'm stupid, I wasn't going to Vietnam,” Trump said, per Cohen. He also called black people “too stupid” to support him, per Cohen https://t.co/oVPrQeKZz5
Cohen says Trump reimbursed him for illegal hush money payments - while serving as president - and has an August 2017 check signed by Trump from his personal bank account, saying it was “part of a criminal scheme to violate campaign finance laws.” https://t.co/oVPrQeKZz5
Here’s his opening statement where Cohen makes a litany of stunning allegations - from racist comments to federal crimes - against a sitting president https://t.co/fzD6JPvWrA
NEW: In Cohen’s opening statement, he will say he witnessed Trump speaking with Roger Stone about Stone’s outreach to Assange and say that Trump knew about WikiLeaks dump in advance. He will also say Trump lawyers edited his false statements to Congress. https://t.co/5sXInkLBp2
An early sign of the turf battles between various committees investigating the president. Asked about splitting the lines of inquiries between multiple committees, Lynch added: "I'm not sure that's the most effective way to do it." https://t.co/UC1MBithYf
No comment yet from Jim Jordan, ranking Republican on Oversight, on whether he thinks Republicans should engage in the kind of questioning suggested by Matt Gaetz, an ally of Jordan’s. Jordan and Meadows have accused Dems of trying to turn tomorrow’s hearing into a circus.
NEW: House Oversight tells Dems in memo not to deviate from agreed lines of questioning at Cohen's public hearing, prompting grumbling from several Dems eager to query him on Russia and worried about presenting an incomplete picture. w/⁦@jeremyherb⁩ https://t.co/YuVfx69X0q
RT @pkcapitol: 13 House GOP votes against Trump on border wall emergency:	Amash	Herrera Beutler	Fitzpatrick 	Stefanik	Johnson (SD)	Rooney (…
“Still looking at it” - Martha McSally to me on if she’ll vote to block Trump’s emergency declaration
Q: Have you spoken to the president about these allegations you’re making? 	Gaetz: “I think the President’s a little busy saving us from nuclear war on the Korean Peninsula to be worried about my twitter feed.”
A bipartisan rebuke to Trump with 13 Republicans joining Democrats to pass a resolution blocking Trump’s emergency declaration by a 245-182 vote in the House. But far short of veto-proof majority
He would not answer any of our questions, including whether he believes Trump broke the law while in office or if he provided any corroborating evidence https://t.co/o6XoYy1ZT5
Rep. Matt Gaetz, speaking outside his office to reporters, repeatedly argued that his tweet on Michael Cohen is not a threat and it’s not witness tampering but “witness testing.” Per @KilloughCNN
Sen. Richard Burr, asked by @tedbarrettcnn if after a day of listening to testimony by Michael Cohen in closed session he is worried President Trump could be damaged by Cohen’s much-anticipated public testimony Wednesday, says: “I don’t worry about Michael Cohen.”
Mark Warner, vice chairman of SSCI, said of Cohen: “Two years ago when this investigation started, I said it may be the most important thing I’m involved in in my public life in the Senate. Nothing I heard from today dissuades me from that view.”		He would not comment further
Trump enjoys Gaetz’s style of questioning. When Gaetz missed the House Judiciary Committee hearing with Matt Whitaker earlier this month, Trump called him and asked him why he wasn’t there. Gaetz told me earlier laughingly he got an earful from Trump on it.
Biden today on 2020: “I’m not there yet. I don’t want to mislead you. I’m being more straightforward – look, no one has ever doubted that I mean what I say, the problem is I sometimes say all that I mean. .. We are in the final stages of that decision.”
Hearing still going on after 7 hours - and the questioning has been done by staff in the room. Senators have been able to ask questions by passing notes to staff, who then ask Cohen https://t.co/G8dg6cXSA1
Michael Cohen expressed contrition upon his return to Capitol Hill, apologizing to the Senate Intelligence Committee for the lies he told during his 2017 testimony, sources say. https://t.co/No1qVUKAMC
From a GOP member who speaks to Trump and is close to members on committee who will be doing the questioning tomorrow https://t.co/lmoiZOeIiU
Sen. Kamala Harris, leaving the classified hearing with Michael Cohen, declined to comment but said: “Yes” when asked if she learned anything new.
Today’s classified hearing before Senate Intel has been professional and Michael Cohen has shown some contrition, I’m told. He even apologized for the lies he told the committee back in 2017, per sources. Publicly, Cohen has said he lied to protect Trump
Mark Harris, Republican in disputed NC-9 House race: “Given my health situation, the need to regain full strength, and the timing of this surgery the last week of March, I have decided not to file in the new election for Congressional District 9.”
RT @eorden: There has been a sealed document filed in the docket of Michael Cohen's SDNY case.
Susan Collins wouldn’t talk details but said Michael Cohen is enduring “an extensive grilling” from Senate Intel. 	Asked by @tedbarrettcnn if there was anything that surprised her, she responded, “uh, yes. He’s a very different guy.”
Looks like he will need to veto it; the Senate on the verge of getting votes to pass it with Murkowksi, Collins, Tillis planning to vote for this measure and several others threatening to https://t.co/uCoU2CpCD3
Michael Cohen today spent fair amount of time explaining the lies he told the Senate Intelligence Committee, per sources. Questioning has been led by staffers - as is practice during witness interviews in committee’s probe. Senators are passing along notes with their questions
RT @MichaelRWarren: Incredible, from @kylieatwood and @Kevinliptakcnn: https://t.co/qi9aOu6Gvv https://t.co/5628QSCwDV
RT @jameshohmann: At a House intelligence committee hearing, Madeline Albright just formally apologized to Mitt Romney for making fun of hi…
House Oversight Committee votes to issue subpoenas to force DOJ, DHS and HHS to produce docs on family separations at border. The vote was bipartisan with Republicans Justin Amash of Michigan and Chip Roy of Texas voting with the Democrats, per @FoxReports
Here’s the one-page resolution that will pass the House tonight to revoke Trump’s national emergency declaration, which says it is “hereby terminated.” Some Rs have justified their opposition to this resolution by saying it says more than it actually does.	https://t.co/hpIhucyNIL
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr on what he wants to hear from Michael Cohen, and he said: “The truth.” 	Asked if he could trust Cohen, and Burr noted Cohen’s questionable track record.
RT @jeremyherb: Michael Cohen arrives at Senate Intel https://t.co/Qpz1UJSx8h
RT @ryanobles: On @BernieSanders refusal to call Maduro a dictator:		@JohnBerman- "Is it a mistake then in your mind by Senator Sanders not…
Cohen is expected to discuss publicly for the first time Trump's role in some of crimes Cohen pleaded guilty to last year, per a source familiar.	He is expected to give behind-the-scenes details raising questions of Trump's conduct in business and  more https://t.co/No1qVUKAMC
RT @willripleyCNN: Kim Jong Un continues calling the shots, whether in North Korea or Vietnam. The US wanted the summit in Da Nang, which a…
RT @jdawsey1: Spotted in Hanoi. https://t.co/ioWu21X886
RT @Acosta: The North Koreans were clearly not happy the American press was set up at the Melia Hotel in Hanoi. As we had heard earlier, Ki…
Cummings: “People will be reading about what’s happening now, 200 years from now. And they will be asking the questions, ‘What happened’? And all I want to do is make sure the record is clear. And I want it so information comes out now and not when we’re dancing with the angels.”
Cummings tonight on Michael Cohen before his committee:	 	“This is one moment in history. And when you get to my age, and you look back and you realize, these moments are very, very, very significant. It may very well be a turning point in our country’s history, I don’t know.”
Tillis announces he’ll vote to block Trump emergency declaration, meaning the resolution is moving closer to getting the 51 votes needed to pass Senate. But still short of veto-proof majority
RT @jeremyherb: Senate Judiciary Chair Lindsey Graham says he doesn't think Mueller should testify before his committee, as House Ds have s…
Kevin McCarthy expresses confidence GOP would deny votes in House for veto-proof majority to disapprove Trump’s emergency declaration		“Yes,” McCarthy told me about having votes to deny veto-proof majority. “If you read what the Democrats say - the emergency is over -no it’s not”
Sen. Grassley, who had warned Trump that it would be a bad precedent to declare national emergency, said he was “leaning no” on resolution disapproving of move. 		“The no. 1 priority of the federal government is to protect the American public.”
Will be common theme in coming days: GOP senators concerned about Trump emergency declaration but holding cards close if they’ll vote to block it. Alexander says he’ll wait to announce his vote but says Trump move is “unnecessary, unwise, and inconsistent with the Constitution”
RT @pkcapitol: “If you don’t want to get re-elected, you’re in the wrong business,” Lindsey tells @MarkLeibovich 		That’s about all you nee…
A sign Mueller report may not get into as much detail as many Trump critics would like. Rosenstein: "If we aren't prepared to prove our case beyond a reasonable doubt in court, then we have no business making allegations against American citizens." 		https://t.co/akc2MAHFY7
Berke firm: "For the past several years the firm’s work has involved only minor tasks for single purpose companies, such as pro forma amendments to condominium offering plans that date back more than a decade or the  clearing up of minor building violations for management" firms
Trump Org asks House Judiciary to stop probes given role of new adviser Barry Berke, citing conflicts.		His law firm calls it "baseless"		"None of the work that the firm has done for Trump-affiliated entities is  related to the work Mr. Berke will be performing for the Committee"
Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Jim Risch says Trump administration will brief members of his committee this week about sanctions under the Magnitsky Act -- which comes as administration has faced bipartisan criticism over failure to blame MBS for the Jamal Khashoggi murder
RT @bethreinhard: Trump campaign staffer says he gave her unwanted kiss on her mouth before Florida rally in 2016. “I can still see his lip…
RT @DanaBashCNN: Thanks for watching, Mr President. 	 https://t.co/k7gjQa7DAU https://t.co/j6MI747xaT
A movie totally underrated by the Academy: First Man
Trump tonight at governors’ dinner suggests this is his bottom line on North Korea: “What’s going to happen I can’t tell you. I’m not in a rush, I’m not going to rush anybody, I just don’t want testing. As long as there’s no testing I’m happy,” per pool
@guypbenson Especially for toddlers
Senate Dems just wrote Trump: “The Singapore meeting gave Kim .. legitimacy and acceptance on the global stage while effectively undermining our policy of maximum pressure and sanctions, which now appear to be in the process of showing strain, and putting at risk vital” alliances https://t.co/aUaYtXhGhF
One of my favorite campaign reporting trips. Hitting in the UP - in February - for a dog sled race. https://t.co/z4gTymPB1h https://t.co/XtghIcmhpY
RT @jmartNYT: Ya can almost taste the Italian beef sandwich as ya read this Chicagolandia		“A subsequent revelation that a different alderm…
“Do you think North Korea remains a nuclear threat?" Pompeo: "Yes." Tapper: "But the president said he doesn't." Pompeo: "That's not what he said." Tapper: "He tweeted, there is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea." Pompeo: "What he said was“ risks have been reduced to US
Blunt acknowledging here what’s quite apparent: Senate Intel doesn’t have the information Mueller has to allow committee to make any real conclusions in its Russia probe. He said they want “reciprocation” from Mueller team after Senate panel has shared its info https://t.co/Dy8X3JbD0V
Roy Blunt, a member of Senate GOP leadership, says he doesn’t know how he’ll vote on blocking Trump’s national emergency declaration at the border. “I don’t like the process,” Blunt says on CBS
“We’ve given Mueller full access“ to material from the Senate Intelligence Committee’s Russia investigation, according to Roy Blunt, a GOP committee member, who says on CBS that the Senate panel is waiting for the Mueller report to write its own report
“I concur,” Pompeo says after @jaketapper notes there haven’t been “concrete” North Korea steps on denuclearization. “There are many things he could do to demonstrate his commitment to” denuclearize. Last June, Trump tweeted: “There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea”
Schiff also renewing his argument that DOJ decision to send thousands of documents to Hill last Congress on Clinton probe at GOP request set precedent for Mueller; now DOJ will have to provide docs to Hill over matters they chose not to prosecute. “They’ll have to abide by that.”
Schiff warns that House would subpoena for Mueller report, bring Mueller to Hill to testify and says on ABC the House may potentially challenge the administration in court for the report if it isn’t released.
View leaving DCA never gets old. See you in a few days https://t.co/4MM4QfIb9D
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: Nominations for Dr. Ronny and Heather Nauert follow similar patterns: 1) The White House nominates someone who is, at b…
RT @meridithmcgraw: Just in: Acting Sec of Defense Shanahan just told reporters he hasn’t determined if there is a military necessity for a…
Pence today in Munich, per pool: “Literally within hours or days, the ISIS caliphate will be no more.”
This is the 169th day of Trump’s presidency at one of his golf clubs. This is the day one since yesterday’s declaration of national emergency. (Left out word “yesterday” in previous tweet.)
RT @loriamontgomery: And much of Obama's debt was the result of the recession. Trump has a booming economy -- and the debt is *still* going…
RT @TracyJan: When Trump was challenged by a reporter on his border facts and figures, he insisted he got them from the Department of Homel…
“This opens up a tyranny - a dictatorship ... It’s a tremendous shift in power from Congress to the president,” House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler says to @ChrisCuomo, predicting a resolution of disapproval will be approved soon after Congress returns after next week’s recess
Judge Jackson also said many of Manafort's lies revolved around his "relationship or communications" with Kilimnik, suspected to be tied to Russian intel. "This is a topic at the undisputed core of the Office of Special Counsel's investigation,” she said https://t.co/439hkFgago
RT @ShimonPro: Wow! 	Prosecutors say Manafort’s crimes amount to 19.5 to 24.5 worth of prison time, according to a probation office assessm…
RT @kpolantz: NEW: Mueller says they have account data showing communications between Stone and Wikileaks. They've never said this before.…
NEW: Cummings says new information he’s obtained shows Trump attorneys may have given false info to federal ethics officials regarding Trump hush money payments. Their story changed after Rudy’s comments to Hannity last year. w/@FoxReports @KaraScannell https://t.co/Sxc96gGMlT
"We are particularly troubled in light of your statement today that ‘I  didn’t need to do this, but I would rather do it much faster," the Democrats write, saying they are commencing  an immediate investigation into this matter, which raises" constitutional issues
NEW: House Judiciary to investigate Trump's decision to make national emergency declaration. Nadler and Dems tell Trump in letter they want a hearing with WH counsel Pat Cipollone and Justice officials in the coming days.
RT @jimsciutto: CNN Exclusive: WH @PressSec Sanders interviewed by Robert Mueller's office - @PamelaBrownCNN reporting https://t.co/8zNp7uP…
RT @ShimonPro: Roger Stone news.		A federal judge has placed a gag order on Roger Stone and attorneys involved in his criminal case.
RT @kaitlancollins: Huge scoop from @PamelaBrownCNN -- Sarah Sanders has been interviewed by the special counsel.
Big SCOTUS news: The court will take up the census case this term to decide whether Trump admin can add a citizenship question to the 2020 census, per @Arianedevogue
RT @pkcapitol: This is a really good, detailed, thoughtful, measured @ktullymcmanus story about Thursday's bizarre Capitol Police behavior…
If he didn't "need to" declare a national emergency, then is it an emergency? https://t.co/Vvo2CrcZtk
Trump claims that the Japanese Prime Minister Abe nominated him to win the Noble Peace Prize on "behalf of Japan."
RT @gelles: "What do you base your facts on? @BrianKarem asks Trump		"I get my numbers from a lot of sources," Trump says
Trump describing the conservative voices who influence him: "Sean Hannity has been a terrific, terrific supporter of what I do." On Rush Limbaugh: "Try speaking for three hours without taking calls." He says Ann Coulter is "off the reservation" and "I don't speak to her."
New Schumer and Pelosi statement: “This issue transcends partisan politics and goes to the core of the Founders’ conception for America..  The President’s emergency declaration, if unchecked, would fundamentally alter the balance of powers, inconsistent with our Founders’ vision”
Trump: "I've already done a lot of wall for the election... The only reason why we're up here talking about this is because of the election." 		He says Dems are making it harder for him to hurt him in 2020, essentially forcing him to declare national emergency
"Didn't sound too important to me," Trump on taking money away from military projects to build the wall. He says generals tell him it won't be a problem.
The president describes the process of declaring a national emergency -- and getting sued https://t.co/knUzNxznTI
RT @MarkHertling: @mkraju That’s why the first MilCon to suffer will be from overseas bases - where they are often most needed - because co…
Trump speech veering from topic-to-topic: North Korea, China, wall, Angel Moms, drugs, markets.
One aspect in the $8 billion for the wall is likely to generate significant bipartisan pushback: The $3.6 billion the Trump admin plans to tap into from military construction projects
"Tremendous crowd, tremendous crowd," Trump says in WH speech over national emergency, discussing how the wall was received at his El Paso campaign rally
House Democratic leaders plan to make it a top priority after next week’s recess to try to approve a resolution to block Trump’s emergency declaration - but they are still trying to sort out the various legislative options. Multiple committees involved but Judiciary may take lead
“Quick construction” is not how the Hill sees it. Even the $1.375 billion for the 55 miles in the spending bill is unlikely to be spent by the new fiscal year, which starts Oct. 1 https://t.co/3cDihQbV06
CNN POLL CONDUCTED BY SSRS	Jan. 30-Feb. 2	Should Trump Declare	Emergency to Build Wall?	 	Yes       31%	No        66%	 	Sampling error: +/-3.8% pts	 	Jan. 30-Feb. 2	Trump Should Declare	Emergency to Build Wall	 	Republicans   64%	Independents  34%	Democrats      3%
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is at the Supreme Court today and will participate in the justices’ scheduled closed door conference, according to the Supreme Court public information officer, per @Arianedevogue
A major public break with the commander-in-chief: The US commander leading war against ISIS told @barbarastarrcnn he disagrees with Trump's decision to pull troops out of Syria “and warned that the terror group was far from defeated.” https://t.co/H4Ak9aN0vx
RT @rebeccaballhaus: In new book obtained by @ByronTau, McCabe says Sessions once said of the FBI workforce: “Back in the old days...you al…
Trump tomorrow: Declares national emergency in the morning, heads to Mar-a-Lago in the afternoon
RT @gregpmiller: We all knew McCabe would take aim at Trump in his book, but his contempt for Sessions is staggering. Depicts him as addled…
Asked whether the 35-day shutdown was worth it, GOP Sen. Mike Rounds said to me: “I wish we didn’t have that shutdown. I don’t think it was necessary. I think we could have done the same thing back in December, but .. this should have been resolved before October 1st.”
300-128, House sends spending bill to Trump’s desk. Bills passed both chambers by veto-proof majority
Mark Warner on federal judge saying that Manafort lied about his contacts with a man tied to Russian intel: "This is one of the reasons why the president is terrified about the results of the Mueller investigation and the Senate Intelligence investigation." https://t.co/3DonciVKb5
GOP pushback on Trump's move over national emergency -- but they need to see the details before deciding whether to block him		Collins: "It's really of dubious constitutionality."		Rounds: "The question is what if somebody else thinks that climate change is a national emergency?" https://t.co/9vXw5hBPBO
RT @jaketapper: Will GOPers who said they opposed emergency declaration buck Trump? @mkraju reports @TheLeadCNN https://t.co/jqnqghzdjv htt…
McConnell dodged questions about his views on a national emergency, instead telling us that it was all about getting the bill signed into law. It’s clear he needed to trade Trump his support for national emergency to win president’s signature on the bill https://t.co/90odSjvHNl
WH released this right during the breaking news of the national emergency declaration. I’m sure that wasn’t a coincidence ... https://t.co/RtGos27BsX
Republicans Voting NO on spending bill:	Braun	Cotton	Cruz	Hawley	Inhofe	Lee	Paul	Rubio	Sasse	Scott of SC	Toomey	 	Democrats Voting NO:	Booker	Gillibrand	Harris	Markey	Warren	 	NOT Voting:	Burr
Schumer and Pelosi vow major fight to stop Trump: “Declaring a national emergency would be a lawless act, a gross abuse of the power of the presidency and a desperate attempt to distract from the fact that President Trump broke his core promise to have Mexico pay for his wall.”
Leaving the floor, McConnell sidestepped questions about his reservations on a national emergency and said: “What I believe is we got a presidential signature on a bill that funds the rest of the government and deals with the border barriers.”
RT @jdawsey1: There's quite a long ways between "Mexico will pay for the wall" to "I will declare a national emergency to fund the wall bec…
This is why a number of GOP senators are fearful of going this route https://t.co/HZcg8O18qT
“This is a fight worth having,” Lindsey Graham on a national emergency. I asked him if he concerned about the precedent it would set: “I’m not worried about what some Democrat is going to do in the future,” he said.
“I think it’s ridiculous,” Kamala Harris on a national emergency declaration
Pelosi: “Did I ever say I was filing a legal challenge? I may. That’s an option and we will review our options. But it’s important to note that when the president declares this emergency .. it’s not an emergency what’s happening at the border It’s a humanitarian challenge to us“
“Clearly I have concerns about using this declaration for this set of circumstances,” said Roy Blunt, a member of leadership.		Rand Paul suggested it was a “bad idea”		“I generally don’t think it’s a good idea,” said Marco Rubio		But all senators say they need to see the details
Cory Booker on national emergency: “Obviously this is something on its face I wouldn’t agree with,” he told me		He said he wants more details
GOP sens have no information about how Trump will handle national emergency. Cornyn said he still harbors concerns but wants to get more info.		Roberts didn’t know this was happening  until we told him.		Graham, who supports the move, hasn’t been told how it’ll be done.
McConnell says he will support a national emergency declaration and Trump “will sign the bill,” ending a shutdown threat and moments of panic in the Capitol — but opening up legal and political questions about the national emergency declaration
Trump hasn’t said what he’s going to do, again causing anxiety in the Capitol and now, per ⁦@kaitlancollins⁩ ⁦@Kevinliptakcnn⁩, at the WH https://t.co/MoUJ4EX321
Trump not saying if he would sign the spending bill is complicating GOP senators’ deliberations.		“Waiting to see what the president is thinking,” Ron Johnson told me when asked if he’d back the bill. “Doesn’t make much sense to support something he’s going to veto.”
“He made me the first woman on the Judiciary Committee 26 years ago, and I've never forgotten it," Feinstein said in the Capitol. "I've known him, I've worked with him and it's just a logical step for me." https://t.co/pUIkuGRDOL
NEW: Feinstein told me she met today with Biden and believes he will run for president. But she said Biden did not say he would run one way or the other - she came away thinking he’s going to do it.
Dem senators who voted for the nomination: Sinema, Manchin and Jones. GOP senators opposing the nomination: Rand Paul
54-45, Bill Barr is confirmed
Mark Warner whacks Trump over lack of contractor back-pay in the spending deal: "I guess I shouldn’t be surprised that this president threatened to veto this whole bill over treatment of contractors because he’s had a history of stiffing contractors throughout his whole career."
Senate Judiciary Chairman  Lindsey Graham called Andy McCabe’s 25th Amendment comments a “stunning revelation” and said he would try to subpoena deputy FBI Director Andy McCabe “if I have to.”
“Thank you, Sen. Booker,” Harris says. “And Happy Valentine’s Day to you.”
Sens. Booker and Harris on the floor calling for passage of anti-lynching legislation
Pat Toomey on spending bill being unveiled after midnight. “I have lots of concerns about lots of aspects of that - not the least of which is we’ve had no process, no ability to amend this, very little ability to even evaluate it. ..I  haven’t decided yet how I’m going to vote.”
Sen. Graham: “After Mr. McCabe’s 60 Minutes interview, it is imperative that he, and others, come before the Senate Judiciary Committee to fully explain how and why a FISA warrant was issued against Carter Page and answer questions about what appears to be ... bias“ against Trump
Elizabeth Warren to us on McCabe citing 25th Amendment: “Look, the 25th Amendment is there for a reason. And if officials believe it’s time to invoke it, then that is their independent obligation as part of their faithful service to the Constitution. That’s for them to decide.”
Asked about Burr saying no evidence of collusion, Warner pointed to Russian efforts to offer dirt on Clintons, Manafort-Kilimnik meeting and Trump Tower project. “That would have been a relevant fact as people decided who they want to vote for in 2016,” he said of Moscow project
Mark Warner on news of a federal judge saying Manafort lied about contacts. “This is one of the reasons why the president is terrified about the results of the Mueller investigation and the Senate Intelligence investigation.”
Senate Appropriations Chairman Richard Shelby told us “I pray” Trump signs the bill. He said he spoke with Trump last night and he was in “good spirits” and he spoke w/ Pence about 15 minutes ago. He said he didn’t ask directly if he would sign it but indications are that he will
RT @jmartNYT: NEW: 		-HBCU visits		-meetings w black pastors and legislators 		-conversations w scholars about Va history and race 		W @jel…
RT @evanperez: As McCabe rips off the scab from early-2017, it’s interesting to note the one thing seeming to guide DOJ officials on how to…
RT @JeffreyToobin: RBG doesn't want to retire from #scotus, but does another Justice? Watch for Clarence-Thomas-for-Amy Barrett switch in 2…
RT @cnnadam: Daughter and son-in-law of AG nominee leaving the Justice Department - CNNPolitics https://t.co/tu0oSwrIhw
McCabe describes a shaken FBI after Trump’s Comey firing, Trump’s rants on Comey and McCabe telling Hill leaders of Mueller appointment. Also discusses the four people who were under investigation at the time: Carter Page, Papadopoulos, Flynn and Manafort https://t.co/qBSkLujn1s
RT @mattzap: The McCabe book tour is on!		CBS played a clip this a.m. of its interview with the former FBI Acting Director, in which he des…
RT @NorahODonnell: .@ScottPelley on what McCabe told @60Minutes: "There were meetings at the Justice Department at which it was discussed w…
RT @brianstelter: "Why have so many of President Trump's associates been caught lying about contacts with Russians?" https://t.co/buL2l23Pov
One of the conferees had just 60 minutes to review a bill nearly 1,200 pages long and decided he couldn’t sign off on it https://t.co/kFaYzdUhRG
Just after midnight when most lawmakers are sleeping, the 1,159-page spending bill has been released, providing $22.5B in overall border security with $1.375B for 55 miles of new barriers at border. Congress will pass it in just a matter of hours. https://t.co/nsFxpPcj4b
A bill to keep one-quarter of the federal government open - that hasn’t been released to the public yet and virtually no one has read - is expected to pass the Senate first tomorrow then the House. #congress
RT @brianstelter: Roger Stone, it seems, wants people to be talking about CNN, instead of his alleged crimes and his Trump connections. Her…
The top Republican on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Michael McCaul, says the Trump administration's response to determining whether the Saudi crown prince is responsible for the Khashoggi murder is "completely inadequate." https://t.co/XyuTOJieQY
How Ilhan Omar is dealing with the aftermath of her controversial remarks, as Pelosi says she won't be stripped from committee spots, Engel declines to comment, and Omar says: "What's wrong with you?" when asked about her morning tweet on Trump. https://t.co/yPdEq3D7N2
RT @kpolantz: BREAKING tonight: Federal judge says Paul Manafort 'intentionally' lied to the FBI, special counsel and grand jury about Kons…
RT @ShimonPro: Important!	William Barr has started discussions on how to handle two significant decisions awaiting him as attorney general:…
Just asked Pelosi whether she believes Trump will sign spending deal: “I think he will.”
Nadler writes to Whitaker, saying testimony is "contradicted by other evidence."		He wants to know about Whitaker's testimony and interactions with Trump after Cohen guilty plea and conversations w/WH when he was private citizen.		Nadler told me Whitaker "may have" misled panel https://t.co/gxU0cVDJLX
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Rep. Adam Kinzinger deployed to active duty on southern border https://t.co/Di4N2lB2E1
Pelosi just reiterated this now, and said: "No" when asked if Omar would be removed from committees as GOP is demanding. "A newcomer member of Congress has apologized for her remarks. It took them what, 13 years to notice Steve King?" https://t.co/LUG0wsKxhu
Pelosi confidently says, "yes" the spending deal will pass House tomorrow night. But she said "we're still pushing" to get federal contractor backpay into the deal. "We have to keep trying because it's totally unfair."
I asked Oversight Chairman Cummings if Michael Cohen is going to come before his panel this month, and he nodded yes, adding: “As sure as day becomes night.”		Public testimony was delayed earlier this month because Cohen cited concerns over his family safety due to Trump threats
Speaker Paul Ryan took procedural steps late last year to deny this resolution from getting floor vote https://t.co/DXwxwrEiwr
And it’s approved with near unanimous support, 424-0, with two voting present. These procedural votes rarely succeed. https://t.co/7WofqTeD0u
RT @kaitlancollins: FEMA administrator Brock Long has resigned, per @Geneva_Sands. "Deputy Administrator Pete Gaynor will become Acting Adm…
Senate vote on New Green Deal not going to happen this week; will be after next week’s Presidents Day recess, aide says.
After this exchange, a reporter from a Spanish-language network tried to ask Omar a question in the halls as she was leaving hearing and an aide stood in front of her, preventing her from asking questions https://t.co/uElrN7nrt9
Asked about Sen. Burr’s comments that he’s seen no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion, House Intelligence Chairman Adam Schiff told me: “That’s not our view in the House.”
DOJ investigating leak last year of confidential reports about Cohen's personal bank records which led to revelations that the former Trump lawyer was profiting by selling his access to the White House, sources tell ⁦@KaraScannell⁩ ⁦@eorden⁩  https://t.co/XhG9NzL2lu
Separately, the Senate Foreign Relations chairman, Jim Risch, says that he’s satisfied with Trump team handling of this. “They’ve been very forthcoming with us,” Risch told me. He’s the only one of the top four on the key committees to say they’re good with Trump team on this https://t.co/BSl2al5JBe
GOP Rep. Michael McCaul told me this of admin failure to respond to a deadline about whether Saudi crown prince is responsible for Khashoggi murder.	“The response that I received was completely inadequate. It was about a half page and it was not in compliance with the law.”
RT @brianstelter: This attitude from @IlhanMN -- don't question me, just quote my tweets -- is a problem on both sides of the aisle. Politi…
RT @DHBerman: Advice to lawmakers: @mkraju is going to track you down no matter what. https://t.co/nthFz79yOV
Before I even got my question out the second time I saw her, Ilhan Omar angrily said: “Are you serious? What’s wrong with you.” https://t.co/uhQ2stdrsF
Asked about her tweet this AM attacking Trump for trafficking in hate, she angrily said: “Yes I tweeted, and there’s a response. You can run that. Have a nice day.” And she walked into a meeting
Rep. Ilhan Omar in no mood to talk about her controversies this week. First, she said: “No thank you” when asked to comment on Trump saying she should resign. Second time I saw her, she yelled: “Are you serious?” when I tried to question her.
Trump's pick to lead ICE still in limbo as Senate Homeland Security Committee again delays a vote on nomination. Ronald Vitiello’s faces controversy over past tweets	 	“We are going to hold over the ICE director nomination there are some issues that continue,” Ron Johnson said
Not only did all reporters get indictment at same time, this article explains how CNN got video of Stone arrest. Not a conspiracy, actual reporting of what was happening in the investigation, long stake outs and expectation Stone would soon get indicted https://t.co/vZrv9xxIza https://t.co/QY49MLhtng
In the past several weeks, Trump hasn’t played as much golf as he’s used to - but not to worry since he’s installed a “room-sized” golf simulator at WH. The cost: $50K. Meanwhile, executive time consists of 60% of his schedule  https://t.co/ARZf3N5z5t
RT @LaurieUreCNN: “No thank you,” @IlhanMN told  @mkraju when asked if she would like to respond to Trump saying she should resign and Penc…
Nadler told me Matt Whitaker “may have” misled his panel in last week’s testimony. He declined to give specifics on how Whitaker might have misled — or say when they will bring him for deposition		“We’ll review the testimony. I’m not so sure he was truthful in everything he said”
Overall, however, House Dems reacted positively to deal, per multiple attendees https://t.co/TkHYyFnKc3
Pramila Jayapal, co-chair of progressive caucus, raised concerns about lack of caps on beds for immigrants detained by ICE, I’m told. She made her concerns known in caucus.  But importantly, she also said they would not whip their progressive caucus members to vote against deal
House plans to vote tomorrow night on spending deal, Hoyer made announcement at closed-door meeting, sources say
Sarah Sanders: “We want to see what the final piece of legislation looks like. It’s hard to say definitively whether or not the president’s going to sign it until we know everything that’s in it,” per @betsy_klein
RT @bridgetmnolan: Two women @NitaLowey and @RepKayGranger will lead the powerful House Appropriations Committee for the first time in hist…
Dems could lose two formidable candidates for Senate races. Bullock looks like a WH candidate rather than challenging Daines (though he’s signaled little interest in Senate bid despite Dem hopes.) And Hickenlooper wants to run for POTUS rather than Senate and challenge Gardner https://t.co/l8TWX43tEs
Howard Schultz won’t say if he would sell all his shares in Starbucks if he were to become president, calling it “way too premature” before insisting vaguely he would have no conflicts of interest. “I’m not evading the question.” #SchultzTownHall
Howard Schultz: “If the math doesn’t tally up ... in the next three or four months ... I will not run for president ... I will not do anything to re-elect Donald Trump.” But he doesn’t say explicitly at CNN townhall if he would drop out in fall 2020 if he sees no viable path
Howard Schultz, in CNN town hall, slams Green New Deal: “Let’s not throw things against the wall because it’s a good slogan.”
Shelby seems to have sold Trump on spending deal - for now https://t.co/pVdM2XXQzN
Shelby said he didn’t ask Trump if he would sign deal. But he told Trump there was a “good reception” for the deal in GOP conference meeting. He said he told president that “it’s going to cost a lot of money” to build wall but this a start. No discussion of national emergency
Shelby said he and Trump had a positive conversation about the funding deal. He said Trump was “concerned” that he wasn’t getting everything he wanted but Trump “realized after I talked with him that he’s getting a good down payment.”
RT @CNNSitRoom: .@mkraju describes the public split taking place between Senate Intelligence Chair Richard Burr and Democratic Vice Chair M…
Manchin, Jones and Sinema are the lone Dem votes to advance nomination; Rand Paul lone R to vote to block Barr’s nomination
Asked if she would vote against spending deal, Kamala Harris said: “That’s an issue I am concerned about: I’m waiting to see the text of what has been negotiated. But it is a concern I have that I’m going to pay particular attention to.”
Kamala Harris told me she’s “concerned” spending deal does not cap detention beds for undocumented migrants. “I’m concerned about basically a manufactured crisis and how it simply may end up resulting in the detention of people who have not committed crimes and even families”
55-44, Senate breaks Democratic filibuster over Bill Barr’s nomination to be attorney general.
Schumer says he’s not going to support the Senate rules changes pushed by GOP to speed up consideration of nominees unless they agree to move the threshold back to 60 votes or restore the use of “blue slips” over judicial nominees
And hardly a word outta Congress or the WH on this https://t.co/BJ8JL8Xhnt
Lot of focus on Burr saying Senate Intel has seen no evidence of collusion - but this is one of the most vigorously disputed matters along party lines in the committee. Burr and Warner have kept their disagreements private but it’s now spilling into public https://t.co/Id3cC2qOEs
RT @jeremyherb: Warner responds to Burr's comments on collusion, saying he disagrees and that the committee still has key witnesses to spea…
Campaign comes to the Capitol https://t.co/sIVcBB3v1y
RT @byrdinator: Just a few hours after prospective 2020 candidate Sherrod Brown dodged questions and refused to take a position on AOC’s Gr…
Richard Burr fumes about Michael Cohen delaying SSCI testimony. “He’s already stiffed us being in Washington today because of an illness yet on Twitter, a reporter reported him having a wild night Saturday night eating out in New York with five buddies,” per @TheOtherKeppler
McConnell doesn’t know if Trump will sign the deal. I asked him if he has gotten any assurances from Trump; McConnell said he has not but wanted Trump to wait til all the details were on paper. He said if the final deal looks like what they agreed to, Trump should sign it.
McConnell opens his presser saying they’ll put Green New Deal on the floor “to see how they feel about the green New Deal”
Shelby acknowledges that Trump would have gotten more money for border security had a Homeland Security funding bill that moved through Senate Approps last year become law. 	 	“I would have liked that,” he said.
Lindsey Graham, who has yet to speak to Trump on spending deal, says president should accept it if it shows he can reprogram money with respect to the detention beds AND if he can use the money to build steel barriers. GOP appropriators say he can
Here are the 25 Dems who signed onto Josh Gottheimer and Elaine Luria’s letter asking House Dem leadership to condemn anti-Semitism and saying they were “alarmed” by Omar’s remarks https://t.co/fsopbicH7d
House Intel releases transcript of the committee meeting last week to send the witness transcripts to Mueller’s team. https://t.co/PqZ8giYJF9
Trump: “We’re thinking about doing, on the 4th of July or thereabouts, a parade, a Salute to America parade. I guess it’d be really more of a gathering than a parade. Perhaps at the Lincoln Memorial...But we’re thinking about doing something that would perhaps become a tradition”
Pelosi among the members who weren’t able to go to John Dingell funeral bc planes carrying lawmakers had to turn around because of the weather
After saying he'd "own" this past shutdown, then blaming Schumer and Pelosi on the longest shutdown in history, Trump now says it was his shutdown and "I've accepted" that.
In interview with ⁦@tedbarrettcnn⁩, Susan Collins defends her Kavanaugh vote after the justice dissented from a ruling blocking a Louisiana abortion law. She calls it a “very careful dissent” that doesn’t say how he’d rule on Roe https://t.co/g7ARlMzaFx
Trump says he's "not happy" and is "adding things" to deal. But, he tells the WH pool,  “I don’t think you’re going to see a shutdown. If you did have it, it’s the Democrats' fault.”
Pool: Trump tells reporters he can't say he's happy about the border agreement but the wall's getting built regardless.
Trump keeping Senate GOP guessing, just days before the shutdown and as they're about to get briefed on the deal. https://t.co/uPz9AypmNx
An early indication of the pushback Trump may face on emergency declaration: Dem Congressman John Garamendi proposes bill to prevent President Trump from diverting funds from Army Corps civil works projects to build border wall
RT @jeremyherb: House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler hires two new lawyers, @NormEisen &amp; @BarryBerke, who have written the case for possib…
RT @ArletteSaenz: Two military planes carrying members of Congress from Washington to Michigan for former Congressman John Dingell's funera…
In Obama years, Senate GOP forced votes on Obama budgets (which Dems voted against.) This time, McConnell wants to give the Green New Deal a vote to put Dems on the spot, per aide
RT @mattzap: The day after this photo was taken, Michael Cohen's lawyer announced Cohen would not appear before the Senate Intelligence Com…
RT @MichaelRWarren: By declaring a national emergency, Trump would likely trigger a series of events that would make things extremely diffi…
McConnell’s conference has zero appetite for another shutdown fight, attempting to make clear that Trump should sign it. https://t.co/KnmPoco2wm
Several GOP senators want Trump to get behind spending deal, a sign he may not have much support in Senate if he were to veto it.		Asked if Trump should sign a deal, GOP Sen. Isakson told me: “Shutdowns are bad period.” Sen. Collins added: “”Absolutely” Trump should sign it
Numbers being circulated by Senate Appropriations GOP staff argue there will be hike in detention beds to 58,500 because of reprogramming authority. They are pushing back on Dems who say there will be a decrease in beds. Also GOP emphasizing $1.375B can be used for “new” barriers
Beto tells @jeffzeleny a 2020 decision will come before month’s end.
Pushback begins on the right to the deal, raising more questions about how Trump will respond https://t.co/FEyQscbW0x
One thing is clear from deal tonight: Trump not getting $5.7B for the wall as he’s been demanding for weeks and that led to the government shutdown. The question is will he sign off on the emerging deal and try to act administratively to fund the rest of it - despite the risks
Rather than hear the details about the deal in principle - including whether it funds his central campaign promise and to give him a chance to influence the drafting of the deal, which is happening tonight - Trump chooses to get to campaign rally first https://t.co/vk50fzkcuE
"Lock her up!" the crowd chants at Trump rally tonight, referring to Hillary Clinton, of course
RT @Phil_Mattingly: More via @mkraju: deal includes a $1.7B increase in overall DHS spending (primarily for technology, ports of entry secu…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Deal includes $1.375 billion for physical barriers - specifically bollard barriers. In total 55 new miles of barriers…
And just like that the top four negotiators say they have a deal in principle to avoid a shutdown. No details yet. “We think so. We hope so,” Shelby says when asked if the WH is on board https://t.co/zCYyU8WSei
Negotiators believe they're closing in on deal to avert shutdown, multiple sources tell @tedbarrettcnn, @Phil_Mattingly and me. One aide says they're “very, very close” to agreement and checking the votes in the House. 		Still a ways to go to cut a deal, but new optimism tonight
How Omar responded to questions about her apology tonight - via @KilloughCNN https://t.co/gA4Y63aDn6
Democratic Rep. Dean Phillips, the first Jewish member elected to the House from MN, puts out a statement saying he “had an impassioned, face to face conversation with Rep. Ilhan Omar this evening during which he expressed offense to her recent anti-Semitic tropes.”
RT @ZcohenCNN: New from @NicoleCNN and @ElizLanders. https://t.co/0AunRg07c5
I noted to Matt Gaetz that he wasn't at Matt Whitaker's hearing before House Judiciary. He responded that I wasn't the only one who noticed he wasn't there -- so did Trump, who called him	 "The other one [who noticed] resides at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave."
Rep. Omar has not spoken to reporters today until now when she declined to weigh in further on her apology as she arrived at the Capitol, deferring to her statement from earlier		She also said she is “absolutely not” worried about losing committee assignments, per @KilloughCNN
Appropriators are sounding more optimistic tonight about avoiding a government shutdown - of course there are a lot more hoops to jump through. But different than yesterday when all sides sounded dour
Senate Intel Chairman Richard Burr on whether his committee will get to interview Michael Cohen before he goes to jail 		“You’ll have to talk to his lawyer - not me,” Burr told me.
Hoyer added: “The difference between the (Steve) King scenario was that it was a long time coming. The president of the United States has used some pretty harsh language about people - should he be removed?”
“Of course not,” Steny Hoyer said when we asked if Omar should lose committee spots. “I say of course not because if every time a member said something they were at risk of losing their committees,” suggesting that could be a slippery slope.
Shelby said leaving the meeting that they’re “talking seriously” among negotiators to find a deal to avert a shutdown.		“We’re trying to discuss seriously some obstacles to an agreement,” Shelby said.		Asked if a CR will be necessary, he said:  “I don’t think so. I hope not.”
RT @MichaelRWarren: Read the piece the Russian embassy is for some reason displeased with: https://t.co/CQioJdzT1I https://t.co/SluO9guK2s
Steny Hoyer says “no” additional punishment is warranted against Rep. Omar. “I’m glad she apologized. It was appropriate for her to apologize. As you know, the leadership asked that she do so. What she said was clearly anti-Semitic and she has apologized,” per @KilloughCNN
House Appropriations Chairwoman Nita Lowey, entering meeting with appropriators, said she was “cautiously optimistic” a deal could be cut.		Asked if she is open to not capping the number of ICE detention beds, Lowey said: “It’s part of the negotiation with Sen. Shelby.”
Michael Cohen now delays appearing before the THIRD congressional committee after he initially agreed to testify. This time, Senate Intel, with Cohen lawyer saying it’s postponed tomorrow “due to post surgery medical needs. A future date will be announced by the Committee.”
McConnell, on the floor, railed on the “poison pill” demand from Democrats over limits on ICE detention beds, saying they are risking a second government shutdown. Leaving the floor, McConnell declined to comment on whether he backs a CR.
Omar responds, and offers an apology https://t.co/69GKvFQRxb
RT @vplus: New from @kfile: Kamala Harris supported 2008 San Francisco policy that reported arrested undocumented juveniles to ICE 	https:/…
RT @bykowicz: NEW: American Media told the public last year that Saudi operatives had nothing to do with its production of a slick, pro-Sau…
Criticism builds from right and left on Rep. Omar, who is expected to issue a statement today over her remarks. Dem leaders call on her to apologize, as her defenders say she and Rep. Tlaib unfairly singled out.		I tried to ask Tlaib about BDS last week, and she wouldn't engage: https://t.co/cFPKiEcNOu
RT @CNNnewsroom: "We do know that Congresswoman Omar is working on some sort of statement," reports @mkraju.		"Nancy Pelosi and the rest of…
Pelosi responds to Omar, saying along with the rest of the House Democratic leadership team that they “condemn” her remarks, which they call “deeply offensive” https://t.co/Pb8Ek3OhFj
Eliot Engel, chairman of House Foreign Affairs, where Omar serves. He told me last week of Omar and Tlaib and support for BDS: "It singles out the only Jewish state in the world, and I think it's inherently unfair." https://t.co/y9Q0oAiJBm
"It's exhausting to try to keep up with so much of his ignorance and racism for Native people," Rep. Deb Haaland, New Mexico Democrat and Native American to @katebolduan, on Trump's weekend tweet. "It would be nice if he picked up a book and read about Indian history."
“America’s not covering up for a murder,” Mike Pompeo today on administration refusal to determine if MBS to blame for Jamal Khashoggi murder.  “The president’s made very clear ... as we get additional information, we’ll continue to hold all of those responsible accountable.”
Jerry Nadler jumps into the fray, saying of Omar’s comments: “It is deeply disappointing and disturbing to hear Representative Ilhan Omar’s choice of words in her exchange with a journalist yesterday, wherein she appears to traffic in old anti-Semitic tropes about Jews and money”
RT @ryanobles: NEW: Patrick Hope is backing off plans to immediately file articles of Impeachment against Justin Fairfax. 		I’m told this m…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: The top 4 conference committee negotiators - Shelby/Granger/Lowey/Leahy - are planning to meet today to try and resurre…
RT @KFILE: “I have and and I did inhale" - Kamala Harris says with a laugh when asked if she’s smoked pot.		“I think that gives a lot of pe…
RT @eilperin: Amid a class of rebellious Republicans in 1994, Walter B. Jones Jr. stood out. He was a man who reflected on his beliefs, tal…
Asked Omar last week if she were surprised re attention. “It's not surprising. I think it is actually exciting because we are finally able to have conversations that we weren't really willing to," saying there needs to be a “different lens” on peace talks https://t.co/qIrt3ojcze
RT @KateSullivanDC: Virginia delegate Patrick Hope has outlined his plans to offer up articles of impeachment against Lt. Gov. Justin Fairf…
Klobuchar responded to bad headlines about her treatment of staff, saying she has “high expectations.” “You know I love our staff...And yes, I can be tough and yes I can push people... but in the end there are so many great stories of our staff who have been with me for years.”
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Negotiators haven’t settled on a topline border barrier number, but that’s not driving the impasse - it’s an issue btwn…
Schiff on his committee’s investigation: “Our priority is to make sure that the president of the United States is working in the national interest - that he is not motivated by some pecuniary interest or fear of compromise,” he said on NBC
Liz Cheney attacks Elizabeth Warren but has no issues with Trump’s rhetoric https://t.co/8jnESbY3OE
Gov. Northam gives his reason for not leaving. “Right now, Virginia needs someone that can heal. There’s no better person to do that than a doctor. Virginia also needs someone who is strong .. and who has a moral compass...And that’s why I’m not going anywhere,” he said on CBS
The White House acting chief of staff, Mick Mulvaney, has no answers when asked on MTP about the administration refusal to comply with legal requirement to determine if the Saudi crown prince is responsible for murder of Jamal Khashoggi.  “I don’t know the status of the report.”
Senate GOP pushing back on Dem proposal to limit ICE detention beds in interior of US. “We had been making progress on both border barriers and ICE beds, but Dems cannot agree to physical barrier spending above the level we want without GOP concessions on ICE,” per aide https://t.co/sQCgeaGpWU
Lot of pessimism this morning about a deal; on Friday, lawmakers were optimistic a deal was within reach. Shelby just now: “I’m not confident we’re going to get there.” https://t.co/UM9rqwu8hA
“I think talks are stalled right now,” Richard Shelby says on Fox, just days before another shutdown.
“It’s not reasonable to expect the president to work with you on Monday on a big infrastructure bill and have you punching him on the face on Tuesday on 15 investigations,” Mulvaney says, reiterating Trump claim that they can’t do “both” - legislate and investigate
“It’s a question that goes to the Trump Organization - not the Trump White House,” Mulvaney punting on questions about Trump Org hiring undocumented immigrants at its properties
Mulvaney: “Government shutdown technically is still on the table,” he said on Fox. He suggested they’re having “difficulty” getting to a deal. “I don’t know where the Democrats are,” he said on border security. He adds: “I’m not going to say what (Trump) will sign or won’t sign.”
RT @ryanobles: Add Vanessa Tyson’s name to the witness list. She too would be willing to testify in a Fairfax impeachment hearing. https://…
@JimPolzinWSJ Missed too many short jumpers and layups. Could have won that one
RT @jmartNYT: NEW: Our Sunday story on the Va vise		-Fairfax is NOT quitting as of now, we’re told. Wants an independent inquiry 		-He flub…
RT @RebeccaBuck: (Swiss is not a language) https://t.co/IqWeGnEGdk
RT @ron_fournier: I can’t stop reading this from ⁦@JohnDingell⁩:		“I now leave you in control of the greatest nation of mankind and pray Go…
Putting pressure on the rest of the Dems in the Va delegation to follow suit https://t.co/Ru2cvWPNMh
This is what Nadler wants to push Whitaker on further. “It is not credible that you both interviewed for a job handling the President’s response to the special counsel’s investigation and never conveyed your opinions about that investigation to the White House.”
“Maybe,” Jerry Nadler said when I asked if he wants to bring in former WH counsel Don McGahn for questioning
Asked Nadler what he’s still looking for if Whitaker didn’t reveal anything: “No, he didn’t reveal anything nefarious that he’d done but we still don’t have answers as to whether he interfered with the investigation, whether he communicated with any people from” WH about probe
Nadler: “This administration is used to evading any questions they want to evade. They’re used to not having to answer the questions. We’re going to pursue them we’re going to show them that era is over and that the questions.”
Asked Nadler why Whitaker saying he didn’t talk to Trump about Mueller wasn’t enough for him. “He said rather contradictory things. At one point he said that that but then he alluded, I think to some conversations. But there were other questions he refused to answer,” Nadler says
RT @dsamuelsohn: NEW: Mueller's office urges court to gag Roger Stone. Story update TK. Here's the proposed order: https://t.co/52hwqRRf59
Jerry Nadler says he “laughed” at Whitaker telling him his five minutes were up but called it  “arrogant.”
Wasn’t the way I was expecting the hearing to end as I was approaching him to ask a question. https://t.co/ROFoykfRoL
He seemed to be in a surprisingly good mood https://t.co/d7RehYv3Bj
Nadler says to Whitaker at end of the hearing: “You owe us answers” on a range of issues, says his testimony was “inconsistent.” And he fully intends to bring him back for an interview
Wouldn’t be surprised if there was some truth to this. (h/t: @joshscampbell) https://t.co/xNTzW5oqbs
Tiny print: Rasmussen Poll https://t.co/WGS8TLMrrl
Matt Whitaker punts when asked by Rep. Val Demings whether he talked with Trump about SDNY probe of Michael Cohen, which implicated Trump in two crimes. “Congresswoman as I've mentioned several times today, I'm not going to discuss my private conversations with the President.”
RT @MLevineReports: In the @HouseJudiciary hearing today, Whitaker says he has had no conversations with @realDonaldTrump about the Mueller…
Five hours into this hearing (not including breaks) and Whitaker testimony has yielded little new information
This has been a regular line from Whitaker today, and it’s only served to enrage Democrats who view it as patronizing https://t.co/96W4rClENO
RT @sahilkapur: Matt Whitaker: "There was no family separation policy."		(There was. The zero-tolerance policy necessitated the separation…
Looks like there are no Republicans left, and all Democrats - so Matt Whitaker going to get aggressive questioning for the next hour or so. Collins still here to defend Whitaker and interjects  during contentious back-and-forth between Whitaker and Raskin
Whitaker won’t say to @tedlieu if he agrees there’s nothing in the Constitution that says a sitting president can’t be indicted. Whitaker instead points to DOJ policy saying a president can’t be indicted. It goes on like that for a bit, then Lieu submits Constitution for record
One Republican not at the Whitaker hearing: Matt Gaetz
Matt Whitaker, asked by Swalwell about his comments that the Mueller probe is about to wrap up, makes clear that was his view, NOT Mueller’s. That was “my position,” Whitaker said
Getting heated: Doug Collins tries to stop Swalwell from asking about Whitaker former group and whether it received foreign donations. Swalwell tells Collins to sit down at witness table and be his lawyer if he wants to protect him. Collins accuses Swalwell of campaigning for WH
RT @brianstelter: Breaking: Prosecutors "are reviewing the National Enquirer's handling of their Jeff Bezos reporting to determine if the c…
Hakeem Jeffries lays out indictments and guilty pleas in Mueller probe - and then asked him specifically about Whitaker tweet on witnesses not cooperating with Mueller “lynch mob.” He said he doesn’t “necessarily” agree with what he retweeted, calling it an “interesting read”
Dem Steve Cohen told me he doesn’t believe Whitaker that he didn’t talk to Trump about Mueller probe, accusing Whitaker of lying. Lying to Congress is a crime - and I pressed Cohen on that and he has no evidence to contradict Whitaker. Yet he thinks Whitaker broke the law.
More here on WH refusing to meet legal requirements to determine if MBS responsible for Khashoggi killing https://t.co/d8TzH5QARn
This is what GOP Rep. Doug Collins is objecting to; he says Dems shouldn’t be allowed to ask about this because it’s “outside the scope” of the hearing  https://t.co/BC9cnLAcXv
Whitaker says it’s still DOJ policy that a sitting president can NOT be indicted
Whitaker won’t say if he discussed with Rosenstein the reports he discussed wearing a wire in conversations with Trump. “I’m not hear to answer questions about the internal” talks within DOJ, he tells GOP Rep. Biggs
Siding with Saudi crown prince, WH will NOT make determination on punishing those responsible for  Khashoggi murder under Magnitsky Act. “The President maintains his discretion to decline to act on congressional committee requests when appropriate,” official tells @Kevinliptakcnn
Whitaker: “I made my recusal decision by myself,” doesn’t answer a “yes or no” question about whether DOJ ethics officials advised him to recuse. (Career ethics officials did advise him to.)
Hank Johnson to Whitaker: “Why would you comment on the Roger Stone investigation and you are reluctant to talk about special counsel investigation?” Whitaker doesn’t answer directly, Johnson intrerrupts and moves on
Whitaker will NOT say if he thinks the special counsel probe is a witch hunt, as Trump frequently says. “I think it would be inappropriate for me to talk about an ongoing investigation.”
Jim Jordan says Rod Rosenstein “got all huffy” when Jordan demanded to learn if there are “specific individuals” in the undredacted memo laying out the scope of the Mueller probe. Whitaker doesn’t answer directly
Whitaker won’t say if he’s shared his public concerns about the Mueller probe privately with the special counsel’s team. He cites an “ongoing investigation.”
“I don’t know if your time has been restored,” Whitaker says to Sheila Jackson Lee as she asked Nadler her time be restored. Jackson Lee snaps back: “Your humor is not appropriate.”
Hakeem Jeffries told me this of Whitaker: “We’ll see whether he’s going to be respectful of the fact that Congress is a separate and coequal branch of government and we have an oversight responsibility — or whether he’ll continue to keep acting like a petulant child.”
Whitaker, after not answering the question several times about whether he discussed his concerns on special counsel’s investigation with the White House when he was a private citizen, finally says: “No, I did not.”
RT @Fahrenthold: NEW: @realdonaldtrump’s Bedminster golf course employed so many undocumented immigrants that there’s an entire town in Cos…
“Nope,” Nadler says when asked if he’s been satisfied with Whitaker assurances
This is not going to be Whitaker’s last time before the House Judiciary Committee. He will return for a closed-door, transcribed deposition on topics he refused to answer, Nadler said
Given Doug Collins’ innuendo about why CNN was staking out Roger Stone during time of arrest, here’s the actual reason why: Reporting, piecing together clues from grand jury moves, long stake outs and the widely reported expectation Stone was in trouble https://t.co/vZrv9xxIza
“Mr. Chairman, I see that your 5 minutes are up,” Whitaker says to Nadler, trying to cut him off. A witness never does that to a chairman. Dems shocked
Whitaker: “I have not talked to the president about the special counsel investigation. .. or senior White House officials.” He says, “I do not believe” I’ve briefed third parties about probe.
Whitaker says he’s been briefed on special counsel probe but he won’t say how many times he’s been briefed, citing ongoing investigation. Nadler is puzzled.
“At no time,” Whitaker says, has he given assurances to the WH about the special counsel probe
Reaction from several Democratic members on Doug Collins insisting on a roll call about whether to adjourn Whitaker hearing: “Oh my god!” “Dog and pony show!” “Jesus...”
Collins furious: “That’s offensive!,” referring to Nadler questioning why Whitaker was placed in the top job at DOJ. https://t.co/3yCmOZgPNY
“This is nothing more than a character assassination,” says GOP Rep. Doug Collins, ranking member on the House Judiciary Committee, saying Dems are just trying to smear Matt Whitaker and Trump in the process
Nadler angry about this. “That’s not how it works,” he says to Whitaker about saying he may cite executive privilege. “I take your reluctance to answer questions about these communications as a deeply troubling sign.” https://t.co/Wn0V0yaJ7H
Mood music: Nadler torching Whitaker in opening statement: “Why did President Trump choose to replace Attorney General Sessions with an outspoken critic of the Special Counsel, instead of with any number of qualified individuals who had already received Senate confirmation?”
Whitaker to cite exec privilege on talks with Trump. “I also must make clear that I will continue the longstanding Executive Branch policy and practice of not disclosing information that may be subject to executive privilege, such as .. deliberations or conversations with” Trump
Whitaker will say: “Although I cannot speak about my communications with the President, I do want to make clear that I am personally committed to the integrity of the Department of Justice. ..There has been no change in the overall management of the Special Counsel investigation”
Burr’s committee is still conducting the Russia investigation and has not released a final report. Burr, the GOP chairman, has long been skeptical about Trump-Russia collusion - at odds with the Democratic vice chairman, Mark Warner https://t.co/TOlyMlk6Rv
Ivanka Trump says she knew “almost nothing” about talks over the Trump Tower Moscow project https://t.co/jz4rfS3HyV
Four House Democratic chairmen write to Matt Whitaker saying they’ve obtained new records showing “he failed to return thousands of dollars that would have been distributed to the victims” of World Patent Marketing’s “alleged scam.” https://t.co/MEgvdULqZ8
“Somebody was grabbing me from behind, grabbing my arms, and was shaking me to the point where I felt maybe somebody was hugging me,” Conway told ⁦@DanaBashCNN⁩  https://t.co/DgkncXfhbd
RT @maggieNYT: This should be getting more attention &gt; https://t.co/6E8VlovDxw
RT @maggieNYT: Hours after new reporting by @MarkMazzettiNYT on MBS telling an aide he would use “a bullet” on Khashoggi a year earlier. ht…
Trump’s physical exam is the only thing listed on his schedule tomorrow. It’s scheduled to last just over 3.5 hours at Walter Reed
RT @PhilipRucker: With Trump getting his physical tomorrow, @JDiamond1 &amp; @Kevinliptakcnn serve up some details on Trump's diet and fitness…
Kavanaugh writes dissent for conservatives in tonight’s 5-4 decision blocking a Louisiana abortion law that was opposed by abortion-rights groups. Roberts sides with the liberals. The court could still take up the case and uphold the law.
A pillar of the House who wielded the gavel of the powerful Energy and Commerce Committee with its sweeping jurisdiction over issues touching virtually all aspects of American life. https://t.co/Tp28DkML3J
DOJ says Nadler agreed to “not issue a subpoena on or before February 8” in follow-up talks. “In light of that commitment, Acting Attorney General Whitaker looks forward to voluntarily appearing at tomorrow’s hearing and discussing the great work of the Department of Justice.” https://t.co/5IEjCR9L26
Dems had expressed confidence all day that Whitaker would ultimately appear. The question is how much will he say about his conversations with Trump over the Mueller probe, Cohen plea and his decision not to recuse. Probably not much https://t.co/TW8w6mQwi8
Trump in November: “Our intelligence agencies continue to assess all information, but it could very well be that the Crown Prince had knowledge of this tragic event – maybe he did and maybe he didn’t!” https://t.co/r7yAJKBH0c
Nadler has made clear he wants to ask 	- whether Whitaker talked to Trump about decision not to recuse from Mueller probe 	- Whether he’s spoken with Trump, the WH or his legal team about his briefings on Mueller probe	- Whether Trump spoke to Whitaker about Cohen guilty plea https://t.co/2tJ9KSS56X
Nadler to Whitaker: “If you appear before the Committee tomorrow morning and if you are prepared to respond to questions from our Members, then I assure you that there will be no need for the Committee to issue a subpoena on or before February 8.“
RT @kenvogel: WOW: Per new court filing, KONSTANTIN KILIMNIK, the Russia intelligence-linked PAUL MANAFORT deputy, was in DC for TRUMP's in…
RT @ShimonPro: More from transcript: Prosecutor Andrew Weissman  talking about Kilimnik, the alleged Russian operative, his relationship wi…
RT @CNNSitRoom: Acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker is refusing to appear before a House panel tomorrow unless he receives a written a…
Bill Barr expected to be confirmed as attorney general next week after McConnell takes procedural steps to overcome a Dem filibuster attempt
Bill Barr told Graham he won't allow WH to assert exec privilege to hide wrongdoing in Mueller report		Blumenthal responds: "William Barr is likely to take the position there can be no indictment of a sitting president. If there is no indictment and no report, there's a coverup" https://t.co/2MctP1HHIJ
RT @jeremyherb: Here's what @RepAdamSchiff said about Trump's tweet this am: “We have a long tradition of hiring out of the intelligence co…
Schiff hires aides with NSC experience to help on his committee, rattling WH as House Intel prepares to beef up oversight. Trump angry and accused Dems of “stealing” staff. w/⁦@kaitlancollins⁩ ⁦⁦@Kevinliptakcnn⁩  https://t.co/evEG3YSR95
McEachin says there should be hearing and probe of Fairfax allegations. He said that AG Herring called him and was “on the verge of tears.” The Hill Va delegation met today and is expected to issue a statement of support for Herring, members say https://t.co/dhZfRgQuyi
“I think Justin has handled the situation poorly. One of the curses of being an African-American man in the United States is you don’t get to play the angry black man,” said Rep. McEachin, who is also black, saying that the Va. Lt. gov “should have been much more deferential.”
Lindsey Graham meeting with Trump today. Asked about spending talks, he said: “The president may not get all he wants, I doubt he will, but I would recommend this would probably be a good down payment.”
RT @ShimonPro: It appears the SDNY is continuing to investigate the campaign finance crimes that Michael Cohen pleaded guilty to and where…
Major escalation ahead of tomorrow’s hearing https://t.co/rWEQm8xEw5
The Senate Judiciary Committee approves the nomination of Bill Barr to be attorney general on a straight party-line vote, 12-10.
Fuel the Secretary Ryan rumors https://t.co/zZBRsFpD3G
Kamala Harris: “Senator Warren has made a statement. I hear what she said and I take her at her word.”
Kamala Harris tells reporters she thinks there should be an investigation into sexual assault allegations against Virginia Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax. 		“It’s quite detailed, and suggests there’s credibility there,” she said of accuser’s letter
Lindsey Graham said that Bill Barr told him he would “not allow executive privilege” to be used to “cover up wrongdoing” in the Mueller report.	“I’ll hold him to that.”
Trump has acted like the deal has already been approved and erroneously said it amounted to Mexico paying for the wall. But Pelosi comments make clear that Hill approval will be a slog https://t.co/Pr8nfxBSe9
CNN POLL CONDUCTED BY SSRS	Jan. 30-Feb. 2	Did Trump’s Campaign	Collude with Russia?	 	Yes       48%	No        42%	 https://t.co/HV2adqRemR
RT @jeremyherb: House Judiciary Committee approves authorizing a subpoena for acting AG Matt Whitaker -- if necessary -- on party-line vote…
Pelosi names members to new select climate change committee; notably @AOC not on there. Members: Castor, Luján, Suzanne Bonamici, Julia Brownley, Sean Casten, Jared Huffman, Mike Levin of California, Donald McEachin, Joe Neguse
Sparring at onset of Senate Judiciary hearing as Dems decry GOP not honoring “blue-slip” tradition where Senate moves on judicial nominees backed by home-state senators. Whitehouse: “We are unilaterally disarming the Senate Judiciary Committee.” GOP says Ds are abusing blue slips
Graham quips that someone on Senate Judiciary may soon become president since “half” the members there are running. Committee includes Booker, Harris and Klobuchar
Lindsey Graham this AM announced Senate Judiciary will hold a hearing next month about the two migrant children who died in US custody shortly at southern border last year
Chris Coons spox confirms he’s a no on Bill Barr. He doesn’t say so explicitly in his statement raising concerns about Barr’s comments about Mueller - but he’s indeed a no. Not a surprise but if there was one Dem on Senate Judiciaey who may have defected, it would have been Coons
RT @heatherscope: .@SpeakerPelosi on the #GreenNewDeal: 		“It will be one of several or maybe many suggestions that we receive,” Pelosi tol…
Bill Barr passes us by ahead of Senate Judiciary vote. Asked whether he’s talked to the president ahead of vote, Barr shakes his head “no.”		Asked if he were confident he’ll get the votes, he says: “We’ll see.”
The investigations haven’t begun in earnest yet. What will his reaction be in a few months? https://t.co/8tlCxzuMiM
RT @BadgerMBB: On, WWWWWW-isconsin!		Make it six straight wins		#OnWisconsin https://t.co/AOh6MRBV34
RT @merica: Virginia lt. gov. retains Kavanaugh's lawyers. His accuser hires Christine Blasey Ford's.		w/ @caroline_mkelly: https://t.co/oD…
Tim Kaine, asked today by reporters if he’s ever worn blackface, said: “No, no. I never have. I grew up in Kansas City, it wasn’t something that was done.” https://t.co/RM78sYaQrw
Susan Collins wouldn’t say how she would vote on Barr, but after meeting with Trump’s AG pick, sounded positive about how he would handle Mueller. It’s widely believed she will support him https://t.co/jcntuDg0Ui
In private meeting today, House GOP pushes Dems on House Intel to investigate Clinton campaign and whether it colluded with Russians. Also called for extension of Nunes FISA probe. Dems rejected it. w/⁦@jeremyherb⁩  https://t.co/etZQ9Dt3Pf
Cory Booker added: ”This is a deeply disturbing allegation that should be thoroughly investigated.”
Booker said  allegation against Virginia’s Lt Gov. Fairfax is “deeply, deeply disturbing,” and the accuser should be commended for coming forward.		“I have not read the allegations but it takes tremendous courage for someone to come forward in the way that she did.”
Warren rivals don’t seem eager to use the Native controversy as an issue against her just yet. Booker said: “I am not aware of what you guys are talking about.”
We caught up with Kamala Harris who claimed she wasn’t aware of the details of Elizabeth Warren’s Native American flap. I asked her if she believes this could be an electability matter for Warren - and Harris suggested the race is about real issues and not “distractions.”
RT @AaronBlake: Warren suggests other documents might come out on which she claimed to be Native American.		"This was consistent with what…
“What began as consensual kissing quickly turned into a sexual assault.” https://t.co/5wUsM56lUE
RT @ckmarie: Democratic Rep. Don McEachin of Virginia tells @KilloughCNN of the situation unfolding in the state with its top three leaders…
Dick Durbin on meeting with Bill Barr today ahead of committee vote tomorrow: “In today’s meeting, Mr. Barr continued to hedge on the question of how much of Special Counsel Mueller’s findings he would make public.”
Trump on Schiff’s new investigation: “He’s just a political hack trying to build a name for himself,” Trump said in the Roosevelt Room Wednesday, adding that Schiff has “no reason to do that.”	 	“It’s called presidential harassment and it is unfortunate.”
Caught up with House Oversight Chairman Elijah Cummings and asked if Michael Cohen’s public hearing is still delayed tomorrow, and he declined to comment.		Asked if it were possible he may appear, Cummings said: “Anything can happen.”
Schiff says his new investigation will also look into whether Trump or his associates sought to influence US policy “in service of foreign interests.” https://t.co/wg7qT2wzGM
House Foreign Affairs Chairman Eliot Engel, who, among other things, plans to look into how Trump finances affecting foreign policy.		Asked about Trump calling for an end to Hill probes, Engel said: "That's ridiculous." https://t.co/tmwheiAYL2
RT @KateBolduan: If the Pres was hoping for less congressional investigations, House D's are answering with a resounding NO.  House Intel j…
Border security officials meeting with House-Senate conferees today stuck to the administration push for $5.7 billion for barriers at border, Dems and Republicans said. But Dems saying there's no way Trump will get that, though talks will intensify in next two days
Details of the new House Dem investigation Schiff announced today, including "whether any foreign actor has sought to compromise or holds leverage, financial or otherwise, over Donald Trump, his family, his business or his associates."https://t.co/AfdFAWPKyC
I asked Schiff what he meant when he said he delayed the Cohen hearing “in the interest of the investigation” and whether Mueller team asked for a delay. He declined to comment. But Cohen, he said, is being “fully cooperative.” https://t.co/8dqZMbKqNZ
Schiff announces his and other House panels would work in tandem to examine how Trump’s financial interests driving his decisions - beyond Russia. He said this includes Russians, Saudis and others		“We will be conducting our investigation to make sure our country is protected.”
RT @CNNnewsroom: Michael Cohen's testimony before Congress has been postponed.		"What Adam Schiff said in a pretty terse statement was that…
We tried to ask Devin Nunes, the ranking Republican, whether he voted to release the transcripts. “You guys are an embarrassment to yourselves,” he snorted as he walked onto an elevator. https://t.co/8HQhst4UsR
The House Intelligence Committee voted to send the special counsel l interview transcripts of witnesses who testified in Russia probe, per multiple Republicans
Pelosi said, per aide: “He talked about childhood cancer, we’re talking about a moonshot, he’s talking about a trolley ride.  $500 million over 10 years – are you kidding me?  .. Who gave him that figure?  It’s like the cost of his protection of his Mar-a-Lago or something.”
At private meeting this AM, Speaker Pelosi told Dems that Trump’s commitment to cure childhood cancer is insufficient and meager — and that the US probably pays more for security at Mar-a-Lago than Trump’s proposal to cure childhood cancer, multiple Dems told me
Pelosi tells reporters about spending talks: “Left to their own devices I think they can come to an agreement by Friday.”
Sad update regarding the health of the former Michigan congressman, a giant of the House https://t.co/4zFP98vQ1z
Michael Cohen delays Friday’s testimony before House Intel. “In the interests of the investigation, Michael Cohen’s testimony has been postponed until February 28th,” Schiff says
We caught up with her after an event at the Center for American Progress; CAP employees tried to prevent us from leaving the room to question Omar. But @DaniellaMicaela and I ran down 10 flights of stairs from their 10th floor office to catch her on her way to her car
Rep. Omar on whether she's surprised criticism of Israel has gotten so much attention: "It's not surprising, it's actually exciting; it is really important for us to get a different lens" about peace in region. 		She answers on if Israel is friend/foe and doesn't answer on BDS https://t.co/rXQbaUMtM9
RT @AllisonLHedges: "That's like a 10-year-old in a schoolyard in Brooklyn or Queens." - @senchuckschumer responds to Trump calling him a "…
RT @NorahODonnell: Do you think the shutdown was a mistake? -@jeffglor		“I never think it's a mistake –“ -@VP		Why? -@jeffglor		“To stand u…
Very interesting here showing how Trump’s words compare to past presidents  https://t.co/IVLMSn6QV8
Pelosi: “The President spoke about the honor of being in the House Chamber, and all the progress that has been achieved here. But at the same time, he threatened the United States Congress not to exercise its constitutional responsibility of oversight.” https://t.co/eSeFjfXHyF
When @tedbarrettcnn tried to question Gillibrand about this after the speech, her aide aggressively tried to prevent him from asking her a question https://t.co/0Ch8aHrwJD
Romney on Trump saying Dem probes may hurt economy. “I am not going to go through and pick out items that people might change or that I might have change. Overall, you have to say this was an address that laid out the President’s agenda,” saying agenda is “strong” tedbarrettcnn
Very negative reaction among Dems. House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer says he was “disappointed” by the speech, says Trump engaged in demagoguery. Dem Rep. Marc Veasey of Texas says Trump’s speech was full of “lies,” particularly about immigration, walls and caravans
Coons, Manchin and Doug Jones waited to shake Trump’s hand as he leaves House chamber. Virtually all other Democrats quickly left
Speech was supposed to end at 9:55p per WH schedule. It ended at 10:29pET
This is a first. House chamber breaks out in bipartisan singing of happy birthday to Pittsburgh shooting survivor Judah Samet, a Holocaust survivor who turns 81 today
Gina Haspel applauding Trump’s railing on Iran; last week she sparked his ire when she said: “At the moment technically they are in compliance” with agreement
McConnell stays seated when rest of GOP stands up to Trump’s line: “Great nations do not fight endless wars.” McConnell offered an amendment raising concerns about quick troop withdrawal from Syria/Afghanistan, which was adopted by the Senate
As Trump rails on calls for “socialism in our county,” @aoc flashes a smile. Pelosi claps but doesn’t stand when Trump says U.S. will “never” be a socialist country
Trump hints at a new arms race if there’s no new deal with Russia after US pulled out of INF. If no new deal, “we will outspend and out-innovate all others by far.”
RT @burgessev: Trump wants people to come into US "in the largest numbers ever. But they have to come in legally"		Last year's White House…
Trump calls it a priority to “protect patients with pre-existing conditions” as his administration supports litigation that would undercut pre-existing conditions
First real bipartisan roar in the crowd when Trump notes more women are serving in Congress than ever before
Manchin the only Democrat to clap when Trump says of a border wall: “I will get it built.”
According to the printed out speech given to reporters in the gallery, Trump has 15 pages to go. Doubled spaced.
Alex Mooney, the West Virginia Republican, is the lone R sitting in the middle of the Democratic section. When he stands up, it’s quite noticeable with the Dems seated
Dems groan as Trump says “large, organized caravans” are on the “march” to the U.S.
As Dems prepare to conduct oversight in the House and mount investigations, Trump claims that “ridiculous partisan investigations” will undermine “an economic miracle”
Absolute icy reception from Democrats throughout this speech so far, most have barely clapped or joined the GOP in regular standing ovations
Manchin and Carper the only two Dems to join GOP for standing ovation when Trump boasts of the economy and says: “We are just getting started.”
Some Dems like AOC did not stand for Melania Trump as others gave her a standing ovation
A very muted reaction in House chamber for Trump arrival. Most Dems are NOT clapping. It took several seconds for Democrats like AOC to stand up. Some are still seated.
GOP Reps. Gaetz and Biggs, saving seats early on the Democratic side, hoping to be first to shake Trump’s hand
Inside the House chamber, a pretty remarkable contrast: Trump will be staring at a sea of white worn by Democratic women and dark suits dominating the GOP side
Joe Manchin, the lone Democrat for Kavanaugh, shakes his hand and other justices in the SOTU
“Probably March,” Sherrod Brown telling @ErinBurnett when he will decide whether to run in 2020
"The gap is narrowing," Shelley Moore Capito, a GOP negotiator, said of talks to avoid another shutdown. Dems offering more money, GOP coming down, but still no wall. Big question is if Trump will back it -- and if not, if Senate GOP will take him on. https://t.co/EpdfVMecI1
House Dems circulate talking points laying out their concerns with emergency declaration, saying it would violate the law and detailing how they may try to block it https://t.co/7ovxOA2zK1
Federal prosecutors seek interviews with Trump Org. executives	https://t.co/0ukwNq8ycp
Grassley walks back his remarks that Mueller report will be out within a month. “It's just based upon all the rumors you hear, which probably isn't a very good basis for me saying what I said,  but ... it's been reported every month it was going to come out, and I want it out.”
Dick Durbin, who sits on the conference, said: “I don’t have any reason to believe” wall money will be in a final spending deal. He said talks are essentially on hold because they don’t know what Trump will say tonight.		“We are on hold until the speech is completed.”
Lisa Murkowski told me she will be voting for Bill Barr as attorney general, a key sign he will get confirmed
GOP warning Trump not to declare national emergency but senators won't say yet if they'll vote to block him, saying they'll wait to hear plan first		Collins: "I think it's of dubious constitutionality."		Ron Johnson: "This would be just another erosion of congressional authority" https://t.co/Ye7a1NRILI
RT @jeremyherb: NEW: Nadler has scheduled a committee markup on Thursday for a subpoena for Matt Whitaker that he will keep in his back poc…
RT @byrdinator: alright y'all!! who's ready for...[airhorn noise] 🚨my first story at CNN???🚨		[crowd just frickin' loses it] https://t.co/q…
RT @jmartNYT: EVENING NEWS: Fairfax softens on claiming Northam is behind the sexual assault claims, but hints in second gaggle that Richmo…
RT @evanchill: This is a bombshell from CNN: Saudi Arabia and the UAE have given US military equipment, including armored vehicles, to Al Q…
RT @eorden: The prosecutor listed on the subpoena, Tom McKay, is a member of the office's public-corruption unit and was one of the lead pr…
The State of the Union tomorrow is scheduled to last 45 minutes, from 9:10p-9:55pET, per WH schedule.
RT @KaraScannell: Trump inaugural subpoena pertains to allegations of conspiracy against the U.S., false statements, mail &amp; wire fraud, mon…
RT @ShimonPro: The SDNY subpoena obviously significant. It would appear as Mueller is winding down, certain aspects of what the subpoena de…
RT @ErinBurnett: And I’m told a focus is on whether there were any foreign payments to inauguration vendors or foreign PIK contributions. h…
Sen. Warren explains to me why she apologized to Cherokee leader. “I told him I'm sorry for adding confusion about tribal citizenship and tribal sovereignty and for harm caused to native tribes -- and also for not being more mindful of that decades ago.” https://t.co/5LrFh3SvxN
The Southern District of New York subpoena shows a wide ranging request for documents related to donors and benefits offered in return, including potential donations from foreign nationals.  ⁦@ErinBurnett⁩ ⁦@GloriaBorger⁩  https://t.co/22RgM1oXT7
GOP fearful about Trump emergency declaration and senators are warning they may revolt if it comes to the floor for a vote. Cornyn calls if a “dangerous step.” Wicker: “There’s much concern among people who wish Trump well on this about the slippery slope” https://t.co/drRh3XGa4k
Asks about Fairfax allegations, Warren said she doesn’t know all the details but added: “We will learn more about that but it doesn’t change the fact that Northam needs to resign.”
Elizabeth Warren told me this of Gov. Northam’s Saturday presser saying it wasn’t him in the racist picture:	“He admitted to enough involvement with racial stereotypes that he’s disqualified himself as governor and he should resign.”
Senate GOP anxious over Trump emergency declaration at border. “There are lot of reservations in the conference about that and I hope they don’t go down that path,” Senate Majority Whip John Thune says of emergency declaration by Trump, warning of “the precedent that it sets.”
Dick Blumenthal, after meeting with Bill Barr, said Barr declined to say if Bob Mueller would be allowed to testify when the probe is done. Barr declined to say he would comply w subpoena to release the report 		Blumenthal warned there could be a “cover up” of the Mueller report
RT @jmartNYT: NEW: An extraordinary day turns chaotic as Fairfax suggests Northam is behind "a smear" aimed at blocking his ascent to the g…
RT @ryanobles: NEW- a source inside this morning’s cabinet meeting tells me that Gov. @RalphNortham asked his cabinet for time to clear his…
Trump immigration policy coming under microscope in Dem-led House https://t.co/LtGh8AgDoJ
Asked McConnell if a shut down is off the table, he said: “We don’t know quite yet how this is going to end. But I’m hopeful and optimistic.” Meantime, House and Senate negotiators haven’t really focused on the wall on their talks; plan to later this week https://t.co/drRh3XGa4k
RT @seungminkim: The Post did not find “significant red flags and inconsistencies within the allegations,” as the Fairfax statement incorre…
Correct, meaning McConnell’s hands are tied and can’t stop vote from happening if Trump declares an emergency and lawmakers try to block it https://t.co/exuXalu2Jx
RT @GlennKesslerWP: UPDATED count in the Trump claims datebase: 8,459 false or misleading claims through Feb. 3. January 2019 is the third…
RT @ryanstruyk: 12% of Americans say they've never heard of Mike Pence in new @CNN poll
RT @Cliff_Sims: We got these schedules emailed to us every morning. Just consider the sheer amount of time and effort it would take to comp…
Lieberman a rare voice coming to Northam’s defense https://t.co/Q5x1X9zYVk
RT @maggieNYT: White House has decided that some bad press - very light schedule! - is better than keeping accessible records of his meetin…
No impeachment, meaning it’s all up to Northam to decide whether to keep going https://t.co/vvtzyGqXGu
“Two-thirds say Trump should not declare a national emergency in order to build the wall (66% should not vs. 31% should), and 57% say they would oppose another partial government shutdown over wall funding.” https://t.co/xjBbIm0bkd
RT @jmartNYT: Dems are confronting issues of race and identity head-on in the Trump era, policing their own ranks &amp; speaking bluntly about…
“The schedules, which cover nearly every working day since the midterms, show that Trump has spent around 60% of his scheduled time over the past 3 months in unstructured ‘Executive Time.’” https://t.co/ra3JwyPzis
Asked about Tim Scott calling him racially insensitive, Trump says: “I have a great relationship with Tim and .. with his state, South Carolina .. And I think if you look at the numbers for African-American unemployment, best numbers they've had... And I think they like me a lot”
Brennan: Can you trust Taliban?	 	Trump: Look, whether we should have been there in the first place, that's the first question.	 	Brennan: That's where 9/11 was launched from.	 	Trump: we've been there for 19 years, almost, we are fighting very well.. ..I think everybody's tired.
Any chance I have to bring up Super Bowl XX and the '85 Bears, I'll do it. Thanks @johnkingCNN https://t.co/VVQWy41tQA
Trump says on CBS that it was “fake news” that McConnell talked to Pompeo about a Senate bid. But when told Pompeo confirmed he talked to McConnell, Trump says: “Well, he may have spoken to him, but I think he loves being secretary of state... He says he's absolutely not leaving”
He was responding to this question on CBS: “But you- but you also campaigned saying that, you know, President Obama made a big mistake by telegraphing his military moves. You're telegraphing your retreat.”
Trump: ”I’m not telegraphing anything. No, no, no. There's a difference. When President Obama pulled out of Iraq in theory we had Iraq. In other words, we had Iraq. We never had Syria because President Obama never wanted to violate the red line in the sand. So we never had Syria”
RT @jdawsey1: Trump is revising history here on Mattis in CBS interview. "He resigned because I asked him to resign." What really happened?…
Chances are “slim” to cut a deal to keep government open if Pelosi and Trump remain at odds, Richard Shelby says on @CNNSotu, saying they can get a deal by Wednesday if it was just up to the top four appropriators
“I’d like to do it,” Terry McAullife says to @jaketapper , sounding like a 2020 candidate, saying Dems need a candidate with a record of “getting things done”
“Heartbreaking” and “one of the hardest 48 hours,” Terry McAullife tells 	@jaketapper of Northam, who was his Lt. gov. “If it wasn’t him in the photo, he should have said that Friday night ... I can’t understand what’s going on.”
Asked on CBS what was wrong with what his intelligence chiefs said, Trump said: “I think- let me just say it wasn't so much a report. It was the questions and answers as the report was submitted and they were asked questions and answers. We've done an incredible job with Syria.”
Would you shut down the government again?	 	PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Well, we're going to have to see what happens on February 15th and I- I think--	 	MARGARET BRENNAN: You're not taking it off the table?	 	PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Well, I don't- I don't take anything off the table
RT @CNN: US cities as cold as the Arctic. An Australian inferno. The UK covered in snow. It's only one month into 2019 and extreme weather…
RT @StevenTDennis: Strom Thurmond has a room named after him in the Capitol	Byrd was in the KKK	Segregationist Richard Russell’s name is on…
Sens. Kaine and Warner and Rep. Bobby Scott drop the hammer: “After we watched his press conference today, we called Governor Northam to tell him that we no longer believe he can effectively serve as Governor of Virginia and that he must resign.“
In 1984 in San Antonio, Northam said he put some shoe polish under his eyes and on his cheeks and dressed up as Michael Jackson for a dance contest, which he said he won bc he learned to do the moonwalk
The Virginia governor says there’s “no way” he’s ever worn a “KKK uniform” https://t.co/VZgyEZlB3f
He reveals another episode, wearing blackface for a Michael Jackson costume, and says he regrets that decision
“I was seeing it for the first time,” Northam says when his staff approached him yesterday with the racist photo. He said he didn’t purchase the yearbook and had never seen it before . “I believe ... that I am not either of the people in this photo.”
Pelosi ups the pressure on Northam https://t.co/qOME797xhN
RT @jdawsey1: Trump is golfing with Tiger Woods and Jack Nicklaus today.
RT @jmartNYT: NEWS: Northam is calling Va Dems and telling them that’s *not* him in the yearbook photo and he will make a statement this af…
Today breaks the longest stretch of Trump’s presidency away from a Trump golf course - first time since Nov. 25. It is his 167th visit to a Trump property golf course since becoming president and the 215th day at a Trump property since taking office.
Not good when you can’t remember if you were the guy photographed as the person wearing blackface or as a klansman https://t.co/GQpiN88OvQ
RT @JDiamond1: NEWS: Kash Patel, a congressional aide who was key in crafting the controversial Nunes memo that accused FBI &amp; DOJ officials…
RT @BadgerMBB: Kohl Center atmosphere tonight 🔥💯		We protected our house tonight		#OnWisconsin // #Badgers https://t.co/IiL1I3aEbB
Gillibrand now says it’s time for Northam to go https://t.co/8UIRAT8j8n
RT @samstein: Josh Hawley’s office just flat out said they didn’t have any email records to turn over during the course of the election whe…
Freshmen House Dems from VA going further than their senators. Abigail Spanberger: “Governor Northam must resign and fully acknowledge the painful past these images evoke. Bigotry has no place in Virginia.”
RT @LarrySabato: If Ralph Northam resigns, he'll be the 1st VA Gov since the civil war not to complete his term. VA appears to be the only…
Freshman House Dem Elaine Luria of VA calls on Northam to resign. “Unfortunately, the existence of this photograph does not bring us together. I ask Governor Northam to resign. This isn’t about politics, this is about what is right and wrong.”
RT @merica: Northam in new vid statement:		“I am deeply sorry,” he says. "I cannot change the decision I made nor can I undo the harm my be…
Warner issues similar statement. Neither senator call on him to resign. Warner: “This photo is shocking and deeply offensive ... The Governor must now listen to the people and communities he has hurt, and carefully consider what comes next." https://t.co/mX0nrkIeCc
Kaine adds: “I hope the Governor—whose career as an Army officer, pediatrician and public official has always manifested a commitment to justice and equality for all—now takes the time to listen to those he has hurt and reflect on how to move forward.”
Tim Kaine statement on Northam: “The racist photo from Governor Northam’s 1984 yearbook is horrible. This causes pain in a state and a country where centuries of racism have already left an open wound.”
Kirsten Gillibrand stops short of calling on Northam to resign, per @AthenaCNN.  “I haven’t seen them, but I have heard of them. They sound very disturbing and racist. I think he needs to explain to the voters of Virginia what that was about and I think he needs to apologize.”
RT @jeremyherb: House Intel gets busy next week: 		Schiff has scheduled a Wed meeting to organize AND vote on "Transmission of Certain Comm…
Rep. Jimmy Gomez says his SOTU guest will be Sandra Diaz, a Costa Rican who is undocumented and worked as Trump’s housekeeper from 2010-13
Will the other presidential hopefuls follow suit? https://t.co/gU05Vv5R9m
Northam apologizes but suggests he may fight calls for his resignation. It’s also unclear which person he was in the racist photo https://t.co/pXAFGKU2OB
There has been no comment yet from the governor's office. https://t.co/2urhiSQ985
RT @GlennKesslerWP: Did Booker not read the text of the bill which he co-sponsored? Check out Section 303 of S.1804 - Medicare for All Act…
RT @kpolantz: ROGER STONE in court today for the first time in front of Judge Amy Berman Jackson, who'll oversee his criminal case to trial…
Booker wouldn’t comment on this when I asked him earlier this week, but was asked today: “If you become president, will you do away with private healthcare?”	His response: “Even countries that have vast access to publicly offered healthcare still have private healthcare, so no”
The federal judge overseeing the Roger Stone case is considering a gag order.	 	“This is a criminal proceeding and not a public relations campaign,” Judge Amy Berman Jackson said, suggesting he’s treating the build up to the trial “like a book tour,” per @kpolantz
Pelosi today, asked on local radio about the use of subpoenas by House chairmen, says Democrats will be "strategic in how we use it... but we will not be delinquent."
Trump responds to Pelosi, whom he says is "hurting our country." On her criticism of him pulling out of the INF treaty, Trump says: "I don't think she has a clue, I don't think Nancy has a clue." https://t.co/A6GwiGGWFQ
”We are encouraged by her action and hope that the slurs and mockery of tribal citizens and Indian history and heritage will now come to an end,” said Cherokee Nation’s Executive Director of Communications Julie Hubbard
Cherokee Nation: “Senator Warren has reached out to us and has apologized to the tribe. We are encouraged by this dialogue and understanding that being a Cherokee Nation tribal citizen is rooted in centuries of culture and laws not through DNA tests.”
"Many of them want the wall," Trump says of Democrats, who are almost  universally opposed to Trump's plans for the wall. He says they can't  say it, but "I see it."
"We have lot of money that we are spending on hand. .. it’s being built," Trump says
Trump continues to give Dems less incentive to give him any money for the wall, telling reporters in the WH just now: “We haven’t declared the national emergency yet, but we’re building the wall."
Dem criticism over Trump decision to pull out of INF treaty is building. House Intel Chairman Adam Schiff: “Unilateral American withdrawal from the treaty allows Putin to expand without constraints development of a class of weapons he has coveted.”
Pelosi on INF move: “The Trump Administration is risking an arms race and undermining international security and stability.”
Lindsey Graham says “I completely support” Trump administration decision to pull out of INF treaty. “It’s a bad deal for America when Russia cheats and the United States complies.”
RT @BrandiKruse: Video of @HowardSchultz ignoring the press, many of whom sat at Moore Theatre for 2+ hours on the explicit promise there w…
RT @NYTnickc: Booker, in first radio interview, calls for marijuana legalization: "It means changing our drug laws. Ending prohibition agai…
Pressed repeatedly, Trump won’t explain why he is keeping military option available in Venezuela and how that’s different than other places. “Terrible things are going on. Terrible things are going on in Venezuela,” he says repeatedly  https://t.co/3MzSBfG0IO
Trump, who boasts his memory is the best, claims he can’t remember what he said about Michael Cohen’s father-in-law just a couple weeks ago. “I did have to read what I said. What did I say? I don’t know. What did I say?”		He also claims he didn’t talk to Bill Barr about his memo
TRUMP: So let me tell you about about Trump Tower Moscow. This was a very unimportant deal. .. the only thing you heard is through Rudy...Rudy was incorrect. No. 1, he was incorrect, and we’ve explained that, he was wrong. Rudy has been wrong. A little bit https://t.co/a1V40Grktg
Booker is in the race, waiting for black history month to announce  https://t.co/vSySpSVHWc
RT @vplus: Barack Obama did not begin collecting campaign funds in earnest until the third year of his first term in office and had raised…
Former Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper tells @donlemon about 2020: “I’m leaning towards running; I think there’s a lot of traction we’ve gotten.”
RT @juliebosman: At least 20 people have died because of the cold paralyzing the Midwest. https://t.co/Pd8Bnu2iJE
Conveniently left out of Trump’s tweet: This was initially reported by CNN, citing three sources with knowledge of the matter. https://t.co/aOLQfx5Hcb https://t.co/mfmpx8iXMT
Schiff responds, telling Maddow HPSCI will seek phone records.	"Those conversations could have taken place over the phone or they could have taken place by Don Jr. walking down the hall to talk to dad. But it's key to understanding the president's involvement in all of this” https://t.co/sQpiL4qmPo
RT @PoliticsReid: Cory Booker making calls to lawmakers telling them he’s running for president, from @scottwongDC and not-on-Twitter Mike…
Last week after his arrest, Sarah Sanders downplayed Stone’s ties to Trump. “Look, Roger Stone is somebody who has been a consultant for dozens of Republican presidents and candidates and members of Congress,” Sanders said https://t.co/e2X6yQUyuk
Next shutdown two weeks away, and no votes in Senate til Monday, no votes in House til Wednesday and Trump heads to South Florida for the weekend
Trump says Rosenstein has told his attorneys that he’s not the target of the Mueller probe. But he doesn’t know about SDNY, which implicated him in two crimes. https://t.co/XJY2PiCXTU
Dems say they still have ample questions for Don Jr’s testimony and want to bring him back to the Hill https://t.co/aOLQfx5Hcb https://t.co/sHM3zvoOh0
RT @scottwongDC: Stumbled upon the CBC retreat in the Capitol. Cory Booker popped in; then Kamala Harris. So I wrote a story. Lots of good…
Asked Romney whether his vote for McConnell amendment was meant as a sign that he disagrees with Trump Syria policy. “My concern is that we continue and we maintain to show our support for Israel and for Jordan, and we maintain a sufficient commitment to our interests in Syria.”
Elijah Cummings' office won't comment on whether Michael Cohen is going to testify next week, after GOP Reps. Jordan and Meadows ask for details		We've been told the Feb. 7 may still happen, even though Cohen said he would delay his appearance, citing concerns about his safety
So going back to the CSPAN tape shows something interesting: Jim Inhofe votes 'aye,' and the clerk says at 3:15pmET, "Mr. Booker, Mr. Booker, 'aye.' Thereby causing the confusion.		Note: Booker and Inhofe don't look alike.		Booker's initial 'no' vote was read at 3:09p (not 4:09p)
RT @jaketapper: Details revealed about Don Jr.'s mysterious blocked calls before &amp; after Trump Tower mtg @PamelaBrownCNN and @mkraju report…
And Booker's comments to me suggest he was a 'no" on the McConnell plan.	He said he's concerned about giving Trump "license for perpetual war," saying: "I have a lot of worries about this president and the checks and balances we're supposed to provide on presidential power."
But Booker is recorded as a 'no' on the official Senate tally.  (We've reached out to his office for more clarity) https://t.co/qbIQVDNgSq
There's been some confusion about how Booker voted on advancing McConnell's amendment expressing opposition to troop withdrawals in Syria/Afghanistan. The clerk had called his name as 'voting in the negative" at 4:09pm. About six minutes later, the clerk says Booker voted 'aye.'
Mischaracterized by airing and reporting their comments verbatim in open testimony? https://t.co/yfEmKfPJhm
The calls, Senate Intel was told, were to two of Trump Jr.'s business associates. The reason why this sparked interest is that Trump Jr couldn't recall with whom he spoke, and his father has a blocked number in his primary residence
NEWS: Senate Intel has obtained info showing Donald Trump Jr.'s mysterious phone calls ahead of the 2016 Trump Tower meeting were not with his father, sources tell @PamelaBrownCNN @KaraScannell @jeremyherb and me. Dems had suspected that it was Trump’s. https://t.co/aOLQfx5Hcb.
68-23, GOP-led Senate breaks with Trump policy on Syria and Afghanistan, expresses opposition to quick troop withdrawals there
The cost though the end of January of 2,300 active-duty troops currently deployed: $132 million https://t.co/qxsOzIUC1v
Shelby on wall money: "As long as people are polarized, we will get nothing." https://t.co/W4a4GqNldM
Bernie Sanders tells reporters he will oppose McConnell amendment expressing opposition to immediate withdrawal of troops from Syria and Afghanistan
Trump seems to misunderstand Pelosi. “If you go to Tijuana and you take down that wall, you will have so many people coming into our country that Nancy Pelosi will be begging for a wall. She will be begging for a wall. She will say, ‘Mr. President, please, please give us a wall’”
Senate Appropriations Chairman Richard Shelby just told us that he still wants to see if they can get wall money in a House-Senate agreement. “The president could be right, it could be right back where we started .. As long as people are polarized, we will get nothing.”
Asked whether he has confidence in Haspel and Coats, Trump doesn’t answer directly. “I think time will prove me right.” He also says he would not accept a deal to avert a shutdown without wall money.
Mueller wants to place a protective order that would lock down the confidentiality of evidence collected against Roger Stone, as the prosecutors begin sharing the documents with Stone’s legal team, per @kpolantz
Trump will be seen at the WH for the first time in six days after the WH agrees to allow cameras in the room where he’ll be signing an executive order
At her presser, I asked Pelosi about her statement last week that Putin may have something on Trump.	“I think it’s a question .. I’ve been asking that question for two years.”	Asked if she had seen evidence, she said: “What is this? Something is wrong with this picture. Yeah.”
“No wall money” in any conference agreement, Pelosi says, drawing her first red line in the talks to avert another government shutdown
“Winning is good,” Pelosi quips as she enters to a crowded press conference
McConnell railing on House Dem election overhaul plan, saying: "I know it's not fashionable on the far left to praise the wisdom of our constitutional structure. It seems to be out of fashion. I'm sure that in some corners I'll be derided for referencing the Constitution at all."
Trump seems to be giving the OK that he doesn’t need the House-Senate conference to come up with any money for the wall, as he considers declaring a national emergency. If the wall is out of the talks, a deal can be easily reached and another shutdown can be averted https://t.co/GVSG9IdyRv
Trump has called them steel slats and a barrier. In the WH letter to Congress this month, OMB called it a “steel barrier.” https://t.co/h3rE1Hbh0u
RT @NYTNational: Senator Kamala Harris, a Democratic presidential candidate, was misleading in saying that as California's attorney general…
First time since last week Trump has an event on his schedule besides lunch and intel briefing, but he still won’t be seen as of now.  Tomorrow, Trump meets with American manufacturers, has his intel briefing and meets with a senior Chinese official. All events closed press
Graham last week to me about Stone’s alleged outreach to WikiLeaks at direction of Trump official. “I don’t believe much I read. And Roger Stone is probably the last guy I’d hang my hat on. Let’s see what the legal process does. I’m not going to jump into the middle of that.” https://t.co/K8ibC7gnbS
RT @shaneharris: Intelligence officials have privately told Trump that Iran is not trying to build a nuclear weapon. When they said so publ…
RT @donie: #BREAK Fancy Bear, a Russian hacking group, targeted Washington think tank @CSIS.  A Virginia court today gave Microsoft control…
Trump keeps passing blame for failing to secure wall funding - this time saying Ryan convinced him not to veto omnibus. But he could have drew a line in sand a number of times over first two years of his term when GOP controlled Congress - but chose not to https://t.co/bYYljz2leQ
RT @ShimonPro: President Trump said he will leave decisions on the special counsel Robert Mueller to the Justice Department. “They’ll have…
RT @kaitlancollins: Trump made his displeasure with the intelligence team clear just after 6 a.m., but he didn't single Coats out in his tw…
Schumer to Dan Coats: “I believe it is incumbent on you, Director Wray and Director Haspel to insist on an immediate meeting with the President to educate him about the facts...He is .. hurting the national interest in the process. You must find a way to make that clear to him.” https://t.co/b2bvDL0K8D
"I think God calls all of us to fill different roles at different times and I think that he wanted Donald  Trump to become president, and that's why he's there," Sarah Sanders told CBN. https://t.co/4IwHroD5sD
Trump's relationship with Hill GOP on national security has become more strained in aftermath of Syria move and his comments on ISIS-North Korea -- along with his criticism today of his intel chiefs.		"I think we need to trust their judgment," Thune said	 	https://t.co/xygqGNTJLS
Graham: “ I am leery that a subject of the Special Counsel’s investigation,  who had retained counsel, had publicly stated that he believed that he  would at some point be indicted, and was apparently willing to surrender  voluntarily, was arrested in a pre-dawn raid at his home"
Senate Judiciary Chairman Lindsey Graham, who has yet to raise concerns about the circumstances around Roger Stone's arrest, writes to the FBI and demands an FBI briefing by next week, saying he's "concerned" about what he believes were heavy-handed tactics on Stone raid
House Appropriations Chairwoman Nita Lowey is steadfastly refusing to say whether House Dems will ultimately support money for new barriers/walls as Trump demands. "Everything is on the table." 		But Dems are NOT offering any money for the border wall in their opening proposal.
RT @MarshallCohen: NEWS: Mueller indicted the Russian troll farm. They got US lawyers and are fighting the case. During discovery, Mueller…
Nunes still the ranking Republican on House Intel. https://t.co/eLIAAqKW5S
GOP officials said there was nothing untoward about not naming members - and that it was the normal course of reshuffling members on various committees. Just a bit ago on the floor, McCarthy indeed named GOP members to House Intel, meaning panel will be up and running next week https://t.co/aR7R9TLoFm
Adam Schiff told me the GOP failure to so far name members to his committee has had an impact. “We had a briefing today on hot spots around the world, classified briefing - none of the Republican members were there. So they’re also cutting themselves off from good information”
Homeland Security Chairman Bennie Thompson says he wants to hear from Nielsen by end of February and will subpoena her if necessary. "I hope it doesn't come to that .. But if it comes to the fact that we can't get it any other way, it would not be a problem for me to do that."
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr declined to comment specifically about Trump’s tweets today attacking intel leaders, but when pressed about his views told @LaurieUreCNN: “I have ultimate faith in the intelligence community.”
Joe Crowley, who was vanquished by @AOC in the primary, walks onto the House floor
Asked if he had confidence in the intel leaders, Romney said: “I have the highest degree of confidence in our intelligence community.”
Romney to me on Trump attacking IC: “I just don’t comment on tweets - instead I’m focusing on the content of what is being said. I think there is clearly concern about challenges in the world but ... we are making progress. So both opinions can be countenance at the same time.”
Tester: “I think the Congress ... needs to do what they think is right to secure the southern border.. If the president decides not to sign that, then we’ll come back as I said before and do a veto override.”
Jon Tester, who sits on the conference committee, responds to Trump tweets saying that the negotiators are “wasting their time” if they don’t fund the wall. “The president says a lot of things,” he told me.
Thune said of the national security leaders: “I think we need to trust their judgment.” He also said of Trump tweeting that conference negotiators are “wasting their time” if they don’t fund the wall, “I think we ought to give them some room to negotiate this.”
I asked Senate Majority Whip John Thune about Trump’s criticism of his intel chiefs, and he said: “I don’t know how many times you can say this but I prefer the president would stay off Twitter- particularly with regard to these important national security issues.”
Asked Pelosi about Trump tweeting conference is 'wasting' its time, and she said they should talk "without interference from anybody else." 		In private, Pelosi told freshmen this AM she has confidence in conference, didn't draw red lines and discussed polls showing Trump tanking https://t.co/Jypgj4bWw1
“I have a twitter alert for the President’s tweets,” Rob Portman tells @KateBolduan but said he didn’t see Trump’s tweets from this morning slamming his intel chiefs. Portman adds of IC chiefs: “They’re not always right but they are the best we have, and we need to rely on them.”
Trump in a few minutes begins his intelligence briefing after engaging in open warfare with his hand-selecting leaders who are warning of the dangers of ISIS, North Korea, which he continues to downplay  https://t.co/vzFkAs2DGB
I asked if Trump should stay out of talks, and Pelosi said: “He should sign the bill.”
Pelosi, responding to Trump’s tweet that it’s a “waste of time” to negotiate if they won’t discuss the wall, told me: “I think a conference committee can reach a good result left to its own devices without interference from anybody else. I have confidence in the appropriators.”
RT @jimsciutto: The news from Trump's tweets this morning is that he is markedly walking back his earlier claims:	On ISIS, from "defeated"…
After speaking with most of the House and Senate Dem negotiators, they are careful not to explicitly rule out wall money bc they don’t want to be seen as torpedoing these talks before they begin. But both Rs and Ds believe getting to Trump’s $5.7B number is incredibly unlikely https://t.co/Cqa8leVp8x
Tomorrow yet another day where the WH lists no events on Trump’s schedule. The only thing: His intel briefing
Not ruling it out https://t.co/KHlTXcEnQT
RT @jaketapper: BLAKE Act would target ex-congressman for not repaying settlement money @CNN https://t.co/8s2ubQM6nh
Not many Dems ready to embrace Harris’ call on private health plans. “Well, I’m not there,” Feinstein said. Kaine: “I’m not going to say you have to give it up.” Another plan more “politically palatable,” Murphy said. w/⁦@arogDC⁩ ⁦@ElizLanders⁩ https://t.co/fVuN5LOyMR
Bennie Thompson is angry at Nielsen for refusing to testify next week. He told me last week he may subpoena her. Nielsen refusal comes after Mnuchin declined to testify before Ways and Means and Azar declined to appear before Energy and Commerce. https://t.co/mwLw1zXoFo
Some discussions underway to have Hill negotiators on DHS funding at WH tomorrow to meet with Trump, even as some GOP senators suggest that POTUS should stay away from these talks. Unclear if meeting will happen yet or if Trump will take advice to step back from conference talks
Lindsey Graham uncertain if his committee will take up bipartisan bill to compel release of Mueller report. 	“I’ll have to look at it,” the Senate Judiciary chairman told me of the Blumenthal-Grassley bill that would require public release of Mueller report
Pelosi being careful not to draw a red line on border wall money ahead of conference talks. Just asked her if she would be open to any wall money in this round, and she said: “Why don’t you show up tomorrow and see what we have to say?”
Asked about her views of a Howard Schultz candidacy, Nancy Pelosi said to me: “I’m not for anyone who stands in the way of a Democratic victory.”
Asked Durbin about Kamala Harris call to eliminate private health plans: "I  don't want to guess what she's thinking but that is a massive part of the American economy. There is a system in place for funding it. It would take a mighty transition to move from where we are to that"
“I don’t think there’s any hurry to have to announce,” Joe Biden told @ArletteSaenz as he was deplaning a flight from Fort Lauderdale. “I don’t have any particular timetable. I don’t think there’s any hurry, but there’s a bigger hurry to decide just personally.”
Breaking with Trump, McConnell offers amendment that would “acknowledge the plain fact that al Qaeda, ISIS and their affiliates in Syria and Afghanistan continue to pose a serious threat to us here at home.  It would recognize the dangers of a precipitous withdrawal.”
Graham to Trump: Tie a debt limit hike to border plan by the Feb. 15 to avert another government shutdown. “I think the President understands we need to raise the debt ceiling. It comes due in March, so why not just expedite things." https://t.co/55Q1AxHp5I
Coats says he wants to talk in a closed session about the Putin-Trump meetings after Wyden raised concerns about lack of interpreter notes
Gina Haspel won’t say when asked by Ron Wyden if the Senate was wrong when it voted to hold the Saudi crown prince responsible for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. But she says it’s the CIA’s job to provide the Senate with intel to support its deliberations
Dan Coats said “that’s another issue I’d like to discuss in closed session” when asked about the status of the public release of transcripts of witnesses who testified before HPSCI in Russia probe. The House panel voted last fall to release them but they haven’t been released
Gina Haspel says North Korea is working to develop a “long-range nuclear missile.”  She added: “I don’t think I can point to any changes in their behavior” with regards to human rights over the last couple years
Pelosi told her colleagues in caucus this AM that she told Trump yesterday she wants to work with him on lowering prescription drug costs and on an infrastructure package, per sources. Trump agreed, she said. She didn’t discuss border security or wall funding with him.
Roger Stone’s attorney informs the judge his client is entering a ‘not guilty’ plea
Schiff on Cohen testimony: “It’s certainly our intention to cover the broad range of Russia related issues including Trump Tower Moscow. We will be doing our best to deconflict with the special counsel, to see if there are any concerns the special counsel has.”
Schiff told me this re Cohen testifying before HPSCI: “The president’s statements, Giuliani’s statements, they’re all meant to intimidate Mr Cohen and to be dragging his family into this is kind of a classic mafia tactic and something that we better see an end to with president”
DNI Dan Coats tells Congress that North Korea is “unlikely” to give up WMD and won’t completely denuclearize - a break from Trump’s rosy outlook
Lindsey Graham told me that he is urging Trump to raise the DEBT LIMIT along with a deal to keep open the government by the Feb. 15 deadline. Asked if Trump would move off the $5.7B for the wall, he said there’s no reason to if he agrees to raise the debt ceiling.
He is on CNN right now https://t.co/D8tez7YTLu
RT @matthewamiller: The timing of this lunch is really interesting: 12:30 pm on Feb. 14, according to Trump's public sked. It's later that…
RT @RamCNN: Harris writes about her roots: “Our classic Indian names harked back to our heritage, and we were raised with a strong awarenes…
RT @jmartNYT: Why Kamala folks should be happy: she's warm, engaging and connects on personal level w audience		Why Kamala's rivals should…
RT @RebeccaBuck: In which Jake asks Kamala Harris whether people would be able to keep their private insurance, if they prefer, under Medic…
More indictments may be coming down despite Whitaker saying today that the Mueller probe is close to being completed, per ⁦@SaraMurray⁩ ⁦@kpolantz⁩  https://t.co/dNz0wwrWH1
Kamala Harris says she won’t support funding for Trump’s wall - which she calls his “medieval vanity project” - under “any circumstance,” when asked by @jaketapper about trading funding for permanent protections for DACA recipients in exchange for wall money
Wow - this is stunning https://t.co/k2HYjn6B6s
Kamala Harris, asked by voter in townhall how she’d take on Trump at a debate and show a contrast, says even showing “some level of interest or concern in something other than oneself” will be a “a big contrast” with Trump
“I believe the solution is we have to have Medicare for all,” Kamala Harris says when asked by Iowa voter at CNN townhall about affordable health care
Joe Manchin in line with his party on prospective Howard Schultz candidacy, saying on @CuomoPrimeTime that he “should take Mike Bloomberg’s advice” that an independent candidate can’t win the presidency
As they head into talks to avert another shutdown, lawmakers don’t think a broad immigration deal is possible and hope Trump stays out of process. While Dems say they’re willing to talk, “I think we are all against the wall,” Rep. Cuellar said https://t.co/75occlwuZa
RT @jeremyherb: Michael Cohen has tentatively agreed to go through with his previously scheduled Feb 7 testimony with the House Oversight C…
Asked Romney about the WH not seeming to rule out a pardon for Roger Stone, and he said: “I think it’s too early to consider that.”
Trump Tuesday: “THE PRESIDENT has no public events scheduled,” per WH schedule
House Intel Chairman Adam Schiff just told me of Whitaker: “The special counsel should speak for the special counsel’s investigation.”		Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse: “I’m not thrilled he’s been fully briefed because I don’t think he’s independent or reliable.” https://t.co/Xk9m3vNXI7
Bernie Sanders told me when asked about his views of Schultz running as indy. “Anybody who wants to run for president has a right to run for president.”		Sherrod Brown says: “I don’t have much opinion about a rich guy who thinks he can help save our country.”
Pelosi says “the purpose was clear,” of her conversation with Trump, which was to agree on a date for SOTU. She said the tone of the conversation was “very pleasant.”		Asked if they discussed the scope of conference talks on homeland security spending, Pelosi says: “No.”
Feinstein told me of Whitaker: “He should not be a censor; it should stand on what Mueller and his group found.”
This is what Whitaker said that has Democrats unnerved. “I am comfortable that the decisions that were made are going to be reviewed through the various means we have.”
Sen. Coons says it’s “chilling” to hear Matt Whitaker say there would be a review of Mueller report		“I don’t have full confidence that the acting attorney general Whitaker intends to respect the independence of the special counsel and simply support and sustain“ Mueller report
Both Dems and Republicans, heading into conference talks, don't seem to have much appetite for a larger immigration deal -- saying a narrow deal focused on border security seems to be the only real possibility, if anything
Michael Cohen to House Intel for *closed* testimony on Feb. 8, Schiff announces
Whitaker: “I’ve been fully briefed on the investigation. ... I am comfortable that the decisions that were made are going to be reviewed through the various means we have. But, right now the investigation is, I think, close to being completed.”
NEWS: Acting AG Matt Whitaker said he’s been “fully briefed” on Mueller investigation and investigation is “close to being completed,” per @LauraAJarrett
GOP not thrilled about Trump keeping open the option of a shutdown. Senate Majority Whip John Thune told me this when asked about Trump comments to the WSJ: “I certainly don’t think [its an option]. I think that’s a bad idea all around.”
Pelosi’s office releases letter saying she’s invited Trump to deliver SOTU next week based on their conversation today. Sarah Sanders, appearing unaware of this, just suggested to reporters they hadn’t heard from Pelosi yet on a date https://t.co/7bmNFSB2Fx
RT @jdawsey1: Sarah Sanders won't answer why the president employed immigrants not here legally at his businesses &amp; why he didn't do more t…
Sarah Sanders would not say when asked repeatedly if Trump is considering Roger Stone pardon, saying she’s “not aware” of discussions or calling it “a hypothetical.” Also wouldn’t say if Trump were aware of Stone’s 2016 outreach to WikiLeaks, only saying Trump “did nothing wrong”
Sarah Sanders says she’s “not aware” if any individuals indicted in Mueller probe have tried to make contact with Trump through their associates
Sarah Sanders says Pelosi hasn’t yet extended an invitation for Trump to deliver SOTU in House chamber
“I won’t acknowledge any of that right now.” That’s a new one, despite the view of non-partisan budget analysts https://t.co/RhgQEaSZNM
RT @abbydphillip: Bolton reiterates that "all options are on the table" when asked if the U.S. considering using military force in Venezuel…
RT @RamCNN: Mitch McConnell says: 	"I think a shutdown is a bad idea, remains a bad idea and I'm optimistic we will not be in that position…
Mitch McConnell says that a shutdown is a “bad idea.” Just asked him if he could rule it out in this round of talks, and he said: “I think a shutdown is a bad idea, remains a bad idea and I’m optimistic we will not be in that position yet again.”
As the shutdown was ending Friday, Pelosi was careful not to rule out wall money or money for barriers in this coming round of talks. 		While she wouldn't draw a line for this new round, she said: "Have I not been clear on a wall? I've been very clear on a wall." https://t.co/Eiq31HujWm
Asked Susan Collins if she’s going to back Bill Barr - and she said she still wants to meet with him next week before making a decision. She said she hasn’t had chance yet to focus on his nomination, read his memo or watch hearing - because of being consumed with the shutdown.
RT @evanperez: Yes, it’s the first such instance. We take it as another sign of the Mueller hand-off preps. The other cases, the transition…
Same question that tripped up Sessions, later leading to his recusal from Russia probe https://t.co/B1h53PPwUe
Barr asked if he had discussed possible recusal from Mueller probe.	 	His response: “To the best of my recollection, I have not discussed the possibility of recusal from the Special Counsel’s investigation with anyone at the White House.”
Sarah Sanders to hold rare on-camera press briefing today at 3pET
Lamar! calls for Trump and Pelosi to step away from talks over border security to avert shutdown. Also told me that negotiators should tie bill to prevent future shutdowns to a conference agreement - an idea picking up bipartisan support https://t.co/spivdIgeu0
Barr’s written response to Senate Judiciary. Says it’s “very important that the public and Congress be informed of the results of the Special Counsel’s work,” and vows that it will not be withheld for any “improper purpose,” but stops short of vowing to release the full report https://t.co/XeQhSGgo4I
“As a result of reduced economic activity, CBO estimates, real (that is, inflation adjusted) gross domestic product in the fourth quarter of 2018 was reduced by $3 billion (in 2019 dollars) in relation to what it would have been otherwise.” CBO on shutdown https://t.co/gPQzHzbM72
Trump clearly is daring Schultz to run, knowing he’d pull votes away from the Dem https://t.co/Hz9xpZv8dY
Member of House Dem leadership raising concerns about a Schultz indy bid https://t.co/69lrnqMpU0
Trump rejects citizenship for dreamers in an immigration deal and says he doesn’t want less than $5.7B for the wall in new round of talks. As for another shutdown? It’s “certainly an option.” https://t.co/lSEmALyc06
RT @jimsciutto: New: Treasury Dept has officially lifted sanctions on three companies tied to Kremlin ally Oleg Deripaska saying they’ve cu…
Trump’s Monday: Lunch with Pence. That’s it for now, per WH schedule
RT @ElizLanders: “Based on our analysis, the U.S. economy lost at least $6 billion dollars by the close of business [Friday], larger than t…
Public does not support impeachment but clearly thinks Trump should be investigated by House Dems, per poll	- 57% believe Hill should probe Russia collusion	- 61% support probe of Trump financial ties to foreign govts	- 60% say Dems should get Trump taxes 	https://t.co/YixyFw2TfH
Susan Collins predicts on CBS next round of talks won’t meet Trump demand. “I think what will happen is that the efforts to continue to build physical barriers, which have gone on the last two administrations will continue - but not to the degree that the president has requested”
“I don’t think it’s a concession whatsoever,” Rick Santorum says on @CNNSotu when discussing Trump accepting $0 for border wall in exchange for temporarily opening the govt
RT @kasie: .@jeffzeleny reports on Inside Politics: @HillaryClinton is telling associates she hasn’t closed the door on a 2020 bid
“This is not something where he’s married to a number,” Mulvaney said on Fox when asked about the $5.7B for wall. He refused to say if Trump would take less than $5.7 billion.
“If there were innocent explanations for all this, why all the lies?” Schiff says on ABC. Asked whether Don Jr lied to his committee, Schiff said he’ll let Mueller investigate when they share the HPSCI transcripts soon
Stone says he will tell the court that any “error in memory was without intent”
“It is unproven, it is a claim,” Roger Stone says when asked on ABC about Russian interference in the 2016 election, a view not disputed in the US intelligence community
“I don’t think shutdowns are good leverage,” Marco Rubio says when @jaketapper asked if Trump and GOP made a mistake, adding “the aggressor” in shutdown fights tend to lose. But he said Trump has a reasonable goal. “I hope people separate the tactics from the policy.”
“Yes, we dated. It was more than 20 years ago. Yes, I may have influenced her career by appointing her to two state commissions when I was Assembly speaker.” https://t.co/1BUf2rVXFO
RT @jmartNYT: Trump fears a primary &amp; is attempting to wire delegates, even playing in state chair races 		Weld (!) is mulling, Hogan is Io…
Steve King at Iowa townhall: “It is stunning and astonishing to me that four words in a New York Times quote can outweigh 20 some years of public service.” He said he’s not racist but said his comments were actually “speaking exclusively and directly about western civilization.”
January 2017: Reporter: “Can you stand here today, once and for all, and say that no one connected to you or your campaign had any contact with Russia leading up to or during the presidential campaign?”		Trump: “No.” https://t.co/C7IuxO9Lzi
RT @kyledcheney: Republicans interviewed all of these witnesses and made no criminal referrals for lying to Congress. https://t.co/YRMywtj6…
Trump yet to raise concerns about Stone allegedly being directed by his campaign to get info from WikiLeaks about emails hacked by the Russians https://t.co/jE9inbcI7n
After getting rolled in spending fight, and seeing a friend of 40 years get indicted today, Trump has a quiet weekend scheduled (not including Twitter). No public events, per WH schedule
Trump signs spending bill, ending the longest government shutdown in history at 35 days.
“We just never discussed this topic,” Stone says, denying he told Trump about WikiLeaks outreach
“It’s the only one that I recall,” Stone said when asked by @ChrisCuomo if he had any contacts beyond Bannon over WikiLeaks outreach
“Process crime,” Roger Stone downplaying his arrest on @CuomoPrimeTime
RT @jeffzeleny: You know Roger Stone was arrested and indicted today. But you likely haven’t seen his indictment, unmasked and decoded like…
If WH is saying they’re going to build the wall even without Congress, Dems have no incentive to give Trump money for the wall in this next round of talks. https://t.co/IX8c9Byp4W
Pelosi: “In the face of 37 indictments, the President’s continued actions to undermine the Special Counsel investigation raise the questions: what does Putin have on the President, politically, personally or financially?“
RT @vplus: TONIGHT ON CNN --		@ChrisCuomo talks live to ROGER STONE.  9 p.m. ET.
As bill to reopen government passes Congress, Republicans publicly and privately criticize Trump’s handling of the shutdown - as McConnell privately told Trump it was growing increasingly tough for Republicans to hold the line  https://t.co/hzSljvD85u
RT @jaketapper: Might Trump repeat shutdown in three weeks? @mkraju reports @TheLeadCNN	https://t.co/1Fep99UrAU
McConnell spoke to Trump twice yesterday. First time, he told Trump about the contentious Senate GOP lunch and said he didn’t know how much longer he could hold the line. Second time: Trump called and said he wanted to open govt, leading to today’s deal. https://t.co/OpJbvfGOzQ
Pelosi doing a victory lap: Holding an enrollment ceremony next hour for the three-week spending bill they are sending to Trump’s desk
McConnell: “Well we got the government open today.”		Asked what finally ended the impasse- and specifically asked if it was the airport chaos we started to see materialize today		“You’d have to ask the president. This was his proposal that we took up and passed.” Per @ElizLanders
That's Senate speak for a Monday procedural vote on S. 1, a Mideast policy bill Democrats have repeatedly blocked during the shutdown. Vote at 5:30pm Monday; Senate is adjourned for the weekend.
McConnell sets Monday schedule: "The motion to proceed to the motion to consider cloture on the motion to proceed ... be agreed to. The motion to reconsider cloture on the motion to proceed .. be agreed to and the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on motion to proceed."
Shelby, Capito, Leahy, Blunt, Durbin, Tester among the Senate negotiators who will try to cut a deal on border security
Senate approves bill by voice vote to open the government until Feb. 15; now goes to the House
I asked Pelosi if she's no longer ruling out any money for the wall.		PELOSI: Have I not been clear on a wall? No, I have been very clear on a wall.	 	Q: But over the next three weeks?	  	PELOSI: Yeah, I've been very clear. But let me just go to the previous question ...
Roger Stone will be arraigned Tuesday in DC District Court
RT @taragolshan: Notably, asking her about a "wall" vs. "physical barriers" does get a different response.		In the press conference @mkraju…
Two things from Pelosi-Schumer presser. 	-- She did not rule out wall money in this round of talks, saying let the talks happen first. 	-- She wouldn't say if the State of the Union would happen Tuesday, saying they'd find a "mutually agreeable" date when government is reopened.
Lindsey Graham on Trump: “I think he’s won on the argument that we need barriers as part of border security plan. I think the shutdown is a vehicle to get it; it didn’t work.“
Tepid reviews among Senate Republicans over Trump’s performance. Portman told me: “I’m not a big fan of shutdowns - I don’t think they’re good for anybody or provide leverage.”  Collins on Trump: “I don’t believe that shutdowns are ever justified - and I wish this never happened”
Reminder, Senate approved by voice vote a measure to keep government open until Feb. 8. That was approved by the GOP-controlled Senate on Dec. 19; Trump changed his mind, the House GOP wouldn't take it up. And shutdown followed		Now, he'll accept a measure to open govt til Feb 15
Trump warns that he will "address" this emergency unilaterally if there's no deal by Feb. 15.
RT @PhilipRucker: To build a wall Trump has:	-Delivered primetime Oval Office address	-Toured the border	-Shut the government down for 35 d…
RT @damianpaletta: 800,000 federal workers will get repaid, but there will be no backpay for the 1 million + contractors.
RT @maggieNYT: TelePrompTer has now frozen as Trump does extended riff on duct taped women,’accounts that trafficking experts say aren’t gr…
RT @samstein: Art of the Deal: hold out 35 days to end up where you could have been on Day 1. Only you’ve pissed off the opposition and let…
Trump confirms this -- a major capitulation after demanding funding for border wall tied to spending legislation. This is the exact deal both sides tried to sell him on more than a month ago -- and has been pitched to him ever since, which he's rejected. https://t.co/LSJTZlULv3
Trump says he's "very proud" there's a deal to reopen the government. He says he has a "very powerful alternative" that he doesn't want to use "at this time," referring to declaring a national emergency at border.
Just yesterday, Senate GOP blocked Dem effort to reopen the government until February 8 and allow border talks to proceed in interim. The reason: Trump's opposed.		Today, Republicans are getting behind similar deal. Reason: Trump supports it.		https://t.co/LSJTZlULv3
Dems say the deal will include a stop-gap measure until February 15 to reopen the government, and then they will try to cut a border security deal as part of the Homeland Security funding bill in a House-Senate conference. There's no wall money. Furloughed workers get backpay
RT @jimsciutto: Several Democratic sources briefed on the talks say Trump is caving on shutdown, @DanaBashCNN &amp; @mkraju reporting. Dana add…
Sarah Sanders today: "Look, Roger Stone is somebody who has been a consultant for dozens of Republican presidents and candidates and members of Congress." https://t.co/Wq1J3g0JiY
Want to know exactly how CNN got footage of Stone being arrested? Piecing together clues based on meticulous reporting from the courthouse and the activities of the grand jury. Then long stake outs at Roger Stone's home bc possibility he could be arrested. https://t.co/vZrv9xxIza
The deal under discussion - short-term deal along with possible national emergency and border security talks - has been the exact thing under discussion for weeks, which Trump has rejected repeatedly. Will see how he frames it in the WH momentarily https://t.co/iiQcAqrOBj
More optimism in the Capitol that the shutdown is coming to an end. Trump will speak, then McConnell will speak. And several Dems believe Trump has effectively caved
Warner adds: “This is not the way a traditional presidential campaign has ever operated - Democrat or Republican in the last 50 years.”
Mark Warner tells me of Stone: “What I know is that we have a whole host of individuals that have been affiliated with Donald Trump - some for decades - who all seem to have a disproportionately large number of contacts with shady characters or direct Russian individuals .”
The White House is now making plans for an afternoon event today, where President Trump is poised to make an announcement about the border and the government shutdown, per @jeffzeleny @kaitlancollins. Invoking national emergency has been on the table
Schiff: “The first order of business for the Committee will be to release all remaining transcripts to the Special Counsel’s Office, and we will continue to follow the facts wherever they lead.”
Schiff vows probe: “Most significant is the allegation that a senior campaign official was ‘directed’ in July 2016 to contact Mr. Stone about additional Wikileaks releases. Our Committee will be eager to learn just who directed a senior campaign official to contact Stone.”
Important for folks to note: CNN was reporting yesterday about unusual activity in grand jury - and how the exact same steps were taken the day prior to a Mueller indictment - suggesting that a Friday indictment could be coming. And Stone, of course, has been a target for months https://t.co/ec2f2redSz
Roger Stone, shackled around his waste and ankles, was by U.S. marshals on $250,000 signature bond.	When asked by the judge to turn in his passport, Stone said “I do not have a valid passport, it is expired.”
RT @gregpmiller: His campaign adviser is indicted, flights are scrambled across the Atlantic seaboard, and Trump concerned about who alerte…
RT @ShimonPro: cc: @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/lPX94xxLha
Outside events like this could change the dynamics of the shutdown https://t.co/0hdTqBsPou
Trump’s jailed campaign chairman in court at the same time as Trump’s friend of decades and adviser Roger Stone arrested and sitting in federal court in Florida  https://t.co/eTGAyYXeVh
CNN: Stone appears in court and is in a blue polo, with disheveled hair, wearing glasses. The gallery is overflowed.
RT @AaronBlake: GUILTY:	-Trump’s lawyer/fixer	-Trump’s campaign chair	-Trump’s NatSec adviser	-Trump’s deputy campaign manager	-Trump’s for…
McConnell also waiting for Trump, per Lindsey Graham. Leaving McConnell’s office, Graham said McConnell is “going to let the White House figure out what move they want to make” and that McConnell is “waiting to see what the White House wants to do,” per @ckmarie https://t.co/Nzd35sTeXc
Dems are trying to see what Trump could accept as a downpayment for border security - that is NOT related to the wall, per multiple sources		This is apparently what McConnell and Trump are discussing. Unclear what Trump would go for given that he has demanded wall money
Status of shutdown talks: Dems are waiting to hear back from McConnell about his talks with the WH, per Dem		This comes as Schumer has been pushing to reopen government first before border security talks - something Trump has rejected repeatedly
CNN: The FBI is executed a search warrant at the New York residence of Roger Stone, according to Kristin Davis who shares the duplex with Roger.  Davis was notified at 6am by the FBI, she said.
Stone forgot, his attorney says https://t.co/mt2oKJgrkI
RT @oliverdarcy: What an irresponsible thing to tweet with no evidence. The reporter who was there, @davidgshortell, said on CNN that the c…
RT @costareports: Giuliani declined to discuss the indictment's mention of a Trump campaign official being directed to contact Stone and sa…
Sarah Sanders WON’T say repeatedly if Trump directed a senior Trump campaign official to contact Stone to make WikiLeaks contacts, says she has not read the indictment. “I’m not an attorney - I’m not able to get into the weeds on this subject.” @NewDay
“This has nothing to do with the president - and nothing to do with the White House,” Sarah Sanders tells @JohnBerman, calling him a political consultant for dozens of candidates. Then she pivots to an attack on Clinton, Comey and others alleging they made false statements
“Like everybody else in this building, I’m thinking about it,” Sen. Michael Bennet says about a 2020 bid on @NewDay
37 people and entities have been charged by Mueller. Most are Russians charged w/ interfering in 2016. But list includes 6 Trump associates	 	Michael Flynn	Rick Gates	Manafort	Papadopoulos 	Michael Cohen 	Roger Stone 	 	199 charges total @MarshallCohen https://t.co/HyAD2zyPhh
RT @kyledcheney: THE TAPE: Right after Stone testified, @mkraju asked Stone whether he wanted Trump to fire Mueller.		Stone said, "Yes" and…
Very rare footage here —-&gt; https://t.co/q0ZeN4xl2w
Here’s the indictment: https://t.co/3WQ6ZzXL64
Indictment says Stone was asked before HPSCI: ‘Did you discuss your conversations with the intermediary with anyone involved in the Trump campaign?’ He lied: “I did not.” Filing says: “In truth, STONE spoke to multiple individuals involved in the Trump Campaign”
From @davidgshortel: Cars w/ sirens flashing pulled in front of Stone’s home on darkened Ft. Lauderdale street just after 6 a.m. 	 	About a dozen officers w heavy weapons and tactical vests fanned out across Stone’s lawn. Shining a flashlight, officer yelled: “FBI. Open the door”
Stone has been indicted by a grand jury on charges brought by Mueller, who alleges that the longtime Donald Trump associate sought stolen emails from WikiLeaks that could damage Trump's opponents at the direction of "a senior Trump Campaign official." https://t.co/pgaSN4aRXi
RT @betsy_klein: GOP sends 'distinct message' to possible challengers: Get on board with Trump in 2020	https://t.co/Qegd6WZjEu w/ @JDiamond…
“I’m not sure the president fully understands what it’s like to live paycheck-to-paycheck,” Susan Collins says to @ChrisCuomo on Day 34 of the shutdown
Michael Bennet is a mild-mannered guy and doesn’t raise his voice much - if at all - but he’s downright yelling in anger and frustration over the shutdown and Ted Cruz on the usually tame Senate floor https://t.co/xxEgnjE7ML
GOP leaders have no issue w/Trump Cabinet ignoring requests to testify. McCarthy: “Why don't we have every committee focused on solving the shutdown problem?“		Scalise says Ds have to decide if they want to reopen government “or just harass the President.” https://t.co/yHL3f9qwrt
RT @Phil_Mattingly: People are, indeed, talking, but no breakthrough and certainly no deal for the moment. @ckmarie @KilloughCNN @mkraju ta…
After talks between Schumer and McConnell, Schumer’s office says wall is off table. “Sen. Schumer and Senate Democrats have made clear to Leader McConnell and Republicans that they will not support funding for the wall, prorated or otherwise,” per Justin Goodman, spox for Schumer
RT @Phil_Mattingly: McConnell, as he departs the Capitol: “Don’t misinterpret my going home, we’re still talking.”		How much progress has b…
Cryptic remarks by Pelosi tonight about what she’s hearing from Schumer. “We’re optimistic about everything but sometimes you’re disappointed. So we’ll just wait and see,” she said, per @KilloughCNN
RT @ShaneGoldmacher: "Ocasio-Cortez is media-savvy and appears to have tried to preempt this fact-check shortly after we had a tense conver…
As talks between McConnell and Schumer take place, Democrats are flatly rejecting Trump's demand for a large downpayment for the border wall, while Senate GOP is at a loss about what Trump would support. Meantime House Dems prep plan to fund border security -- without the wall https://t.co/dLYwhoGzRU
While the ball is in Schumer-McConnell's court right now, as they talk about a way to open government, Schumer can't get a deal without Pelosi's backing -- and McConnell can't cut a deal without Trump's blessing. Shutdown continues.	https://t.co/IaSxTiT2rh
RT @jeremyherb: Cohen attorney Lanny Davis says Cohen expects to comply with the Senate Intel subpoena and they "hope to agree upon reasona…
Pelosi rejects new Trump demand: 		"The president just said that if they come to a reasonable agreement he will support it. I hope it doesn't mean some big downpayment for the wall."		Asked about a down-payment: "That is not a reasonable agreement between senators."	@KilloughCNN
RT @CNN: EXCLUSIVE: The White House is preparing a draft proclamation for President Trump to declare a national emergency along the souther…
Senators flatly confused about what Trump means by a "large down-payment" for the wall and for "prorated" payment for wall. "I don't know what that means," Murkowski told me
Senate Judiciary moving ahead with Bill Barr nomination; on the calendar on Jan. 29 but will be delayed to Feb. 5 under committee rules. That means he's likely to be confirmed either the first or second week of February.
RT @arogDC: "It's what I expect from people who think they are authoritarian leaders of our government -- and it starts with the President…
Trump’s plan got two fewer votes than the Democrats’ plan - and both failed https://t.co/4tfZAYXD5i
Sen. Angus King, who caucuses with Dems and is part of this negotiating group seeking a deal, told me: “He is basically saying give me what I want - or give me part of what I want - or I’ll shut the government down. ... I don’t like rewarding shutdown politics.”
Senate Ds push back on Trump demand for “large downpayment” in exchange for 3-week CR		Stabenow said giving into Trump will mean WH will use shutdown to get what it wants next: “What does he hold workers’ wages hostage for next? How many times will he try to hold wages hostage?”
Sarah Sanders: “Leader Mitch McConnell and Senator Chuck Schumer are meeting now to see whether or not they can work out of the deadlock. As was made clear to Senator Lindsay Graham, the 3 week CR would only work if there is a large down payment on the wall.” (Misspelled Lindsey)
Schumer, leaving McConnell’s office, declined to comment. “We’re talking” he said to reporters as he walked back to his office. 		He said that phrase seven times, per @sarahmucha. This is a sign that there are some talks happening, which have been non-existent up until now
Rob Portman, who is helping lead effort to reopen government and allow  for bipartisan talks to continue over shutdown, said that Vice President Mike Pence  didn't say Trump would endorse this idea that is being discussed by senators on the floor right now
Lindsey Graham said he just spoke with Trump, told him they are talking about a three-week CR to open government.		He said Trump was reasonable in his requests, which he said McConnell and Schumer are discussing right now. 		"Money for a barrier is required to get this deal done"
Schumer walks into McConnell's office, as some GOP senators say that a way out of the shutdown now may be up to them
Very talented guy any newsroom would be lucky to have https://t.co/2e1pbIf5C3
GOP senators who voted for House CR to open govt: Alexander; Collins; Gardner; Murkowski; Isakson; Romney
Dem plan to reopen government gets more votes than Trump plan in GOP-controlled Senate - but both failed. Dem plan failed 52-44. Trump plan failed 50-47. Sixty votes needed to advance.
Democratic voting yes:	Manchin	Republicans voting no:	Cotton	Lee
Senate Dems block Trump plan, 51-47, far short of the 60 needed to advance.
At Senate GOP lunch, Vice President Mike Pence did not lay out a clear strategy to end the shutdown after the votes fail today, prompting frustration from Senate Republicans, I’m told
Joining House Dems on Senate floor: @AOC
Capitol theatrics on Day 34 of the shutdown: Roughly two dozen House Democrats just walked on to the Senate floor to showcase their concerns with McConnell’s handling of the shutdown
"No, never," Ted Lieu said when I asked if there's any chance Dems would give Trump moeny for the wall to reopen the government.		Bennie Thompson, the homeland security chairman, says they're drafting a plan outlining roughly $5.7 in border money -- but no wall. https://t.co/5TLLoiDZ5C
Several senators said they're trying to find a deal like this: A short-term spending bill to reopen government, combined with an agreement to draft a border security package. Details are still being hashed out, but idea is to pressure Trump and Pelosi		https://t.co/882ZaHx6dL
Asked Lindsey Graham about Trump criticizing Cohen's father, and he said: “I remember what the Ken Starr days were like.  I can remember what Juanita Broderick went through.  I can remember what Kathleen Willey went through.  Paula Jones.  Nobody mentioned much about that then.”
RT @jeremyherb: Mark Warner declined comment on the Cohen subpoena, but had this to say about his testimony: "He has an enormous number of…
Schumer objects to Sen. Kennedy bill to pay Coast Guard during shutdown, saying government needs to be opened first
Senators from both parties are trying to see if there’s a “third way,” meaning an agreement to open govt in short term with commitment for boarder deal. Portman said to me it “would help” if Trump would say he would agree to open govt first but said Trump needs commitments too https://t.co/nLLiHjZd3N
A number of senators are not saying how they’d vote this afternoon, including newly elected Sen. Sinema. After the votes fail, roughly 15 senators will take to the floor and to commit to a border security deal in exchange for a brief spending bill.
Here was our exchange: https://t.co/dD0ETOhdIn
RT @MarshallCohen: NEWS: Russian pop star Emin Agalarov (who set up the Trump Tower meeting) told CNN that his lawyers "cannot guarantee th…
RT @jeremyherb: Michael Cohen subpoenaed by Senate Intel for testimony in mid-February, via @GloriaBorger @PamelaBrownCNN and me https://t.…
“I didn’t see that,” Kevin McCarthy told me when I asked about Trump going after Michael Cohen’s father-in-law, instead criticizing Cohen for lying to authorities
“Low point in history” for Pelosi not to allow Trump to deliver SOTU before House chamber, GOP Leader Kevin McCarthy said
Schumer jumps on Wilbur Ross comments. “Those comments are appalling and reveal the administration’s callous indifference towards federal workers it is treating as pawns.”
Joe Manchin will vote for both bills today to open government, becoming the first Senate Democrat to announce his support for Trump’s plan. It will still fall short of 60.
For the 11th time this year, House passed a bill to open up federal agencies. Today, the House passed a bill to reopen the Department of Homeland Security until February 28. It passed 231-180 but far short of a veto-proof majority
RT @nielslesniewski: "I don't quite understand why" federal workers are needing to go to food banks, says Secretary Wilbur Ross on CNBC.
Rep. Ted Lieu, leaving a meeting of the Democratic Whip team, told us that Dems will “never” give Trump money for his wall before government reopens. After government reopens, he said: “Everything is on the table.”
Thompson also told me he has invited DHS Secretary Nielsen to testify before his committee as one of his first witnesses. “We won’t hesitate if she chooses not to come” to subpoena her.
House Homeland Security Chairman Bennie Thompson outlined the next Dem offer over shutdown, saying there would be more than $5 billion for border security money. But when I asked if there would be any money for the wall, he said: “At this point, there’s no money for the wall.”
Sheila Jackson Lee, who usually is more than willing to talk to cameras, said: “No comment” when I asked if she regretted her handling of this episode.		https://t.co/IzGvuwGMhX
I also asked about Michael Cohen delaying his testimony and Pelosi called it “very concerning” that he is worried about his family’s safety over Trump remarks but “I believe that he will testify at a time that is safe for him.”
Speaker Pelosi told me this morning she’s glad the fight over the SOTU is “off the table” because it’s “about the least important thing we have to talk about” during the government shutdown.
No State of the Union Tuesday as Trump caters to Pelosi’s demands https://t.co/1iLrMaUWWo
RT @donie: A mysterious Twitter account stoked the DC protest controversy, but who was behind it? @CNN https://t.co/xJhNPQupTW
RT @JenniferJJacobs: NEW: After divorce records meant to be sealed went public, a US senator shares her personal story of rape in college,…
The president has had more interactions with the North Koreans than he has with Democratic leaders over the shutdown in the last two weeks  https://t.co/EeRpTffV3X
Mike Pompeo tries to dismiss talk of him running for Senate, but doesn't rule it out. He says on Fox "lots of folks" have reached out to him, saying McConnell asked him to think about it. "I have suggested to them I have a very full plate," saying "singular focus" is current job
The last time Pelosi or Schumer talked with Trump: Jan. 9, when the president abruptly left in the middle of the WH meeting. Meantime, two bills slated to fail in Senate tomorrow and McConnell won’t take up bill passed in House today. Shutdown continues https://t.co/qcwlEyvOyv
Trump’s schedule tomorrow on Day 34 of the shutdown: “THE PRESIDENT has no public events scheduled,” per WH
Pelosi tells caucus to stay united, as Dems fall in line - though anxiety among freshmen remains high		GOP prepares to block short-term bill, as senator up in 2020 tells me he'll vote no		"It's fundamentally the CR that we voted on the President rejected," Tillis said		Our piece: https://t.co/YbzT7GTwGW
McCarthy, Scalise and Cheney rip Pelosi over State of the Union move: “This is a sad day and an embarrassing showing of how Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats are blinded by political gamesmanship above all else.”
RT @jaketapper: No indication tomorrow’s votes to end shutdown will do so, @mkraju reports @TheLeadCNN https://t.co/PnpqQZXLqZ
Trump said today that "Honduras is doing nothing" to stop migrant caravans from coming toward the US, less than a day after Vice President Mike Pence praised Honduras for its efforts to stop caravans, per @maeganvaz https://t.co/3mWuQGAs2t
House scraps votes Friday, meaning final votes of week are tomorrow. With two Senate bills likely to go down tomorrow, the shutdown likely to continue through the weekend into at least early next week
Cummings said "it's unacceptable in a democracy" a witness feels threatened by a POTUS		"I promise you we will hear from Mr. Cohen. ... We will get the testimony as sure as night becomes day and day becomes night"		Can you get his testimony if he goes to jail?	"Of course we can." https://t.co/bz0WBNvdMC
RT @DanaBashCNN: A GOP source familiar with discussions tells me if the WH and Dems can’t reach a deal soon, President Trump is considering…
RT @TheLeadCNN: “I think everyone’s frustrated that we aren’t actually solving this … I think we need to open the government and immediatel…
House Oversight Chairman Elijah Cummings said: “I promise you we will hear from Mr. Cohen.”	I asked him if they could still hear from him after he goes to jail, and Cummings said: “Of course we can.”
Just 10 House Republicans voted for bill that passed the House this afternoon to reopen shuttered federal agencies   https://t.co/oA337EnFHk
Asked if they could hear from Michael Cohen even after he goes to jail, House Oversight Chairman Elijah Cummings told me: “We will hear from him.” He’s not ruling out a subpoena and is insistent they will hear from him
Pelosi responds to Trump argument that she invited him initially when the government was shutdown. "When I extended an invitation on Jan. 3 for you to deliver the State of the Union address .... there was no thought that the government would still be shut down," she said https://t.co/Fmolxj8BBv
Schiff and Cummings not ready to let Cohen off the hook. "Not appearing before Congress was never an option. We will not let the President's tactics prevent Congress from fulfilling our constitutionally mandated responsibility." https://t.co/sR2XBKvnRD
Trump and Giuliani both took public aim at Michael Cohen's father-in-law, but Trump says: "Well, I would say he’s been  threatened by the truth. He’s only been threatened  by the truth.” 	 “He doesn’t want to tell the truth for me or other of his clients,” Trump added.
No SOTU Tuesday, Pelosi says to Trump https://t.co/XZzPNju6Ft
Subpoena may be coming. But will Cohen comply? https://t.co/085tKNKvMr
Elijah Cummings told me last week: “When we cannot get information because people feel intimidated, that’s a problem, that’s a major problem.“
Michael Cohen DELAYS House Oversight testimony. “Due to ongoing threats against his family from President Trump and Mr. Giuliani ... as well as Mr. Cohen's continued cooperation with ongoing investigations .. Mr. Cohen’s appearance will be postponed to a later date,” per his spox
“We want to make sure that policies are being made based on what's good for the United States and not what might be good for the president personally," Engel told me. "There are a lot of people who look at the Constitution and say it's being violated” now https://t.co/AQMNUFrD1s
Tillis told me: “Now we need to see if Pelosi and Sen. Schumer really want to start negotiating in good faith or take the childish ‘I don’t like that tone’ or ‘What else are you going to give me approach?’ which has no place in the U.S. Senate.”
Pelosi suggested to her members this morning not to invite their families to Washington next week, a sign she had no plans to let the State of the Union take place in the House. She has yet to officially say the SOTU is off https://t.co/R2ypx1Ev4C
Thom Tillis, who is up in 2020 and was viewed by Dems as a potential pickup to support their plan to reopen government, just told me he would NOT support the House-passed plan - and called on Dems to come to the table and negotiate.		Another sign this will lack 60 votes tomorrow
RT @kaitlancollins: Beyond their letters, President Trump and Nancy Pelosi haven't spoken since their last meeting at the White House, whic…
Letter seeks documents about Flynn, Flynn Jr., McFarland, Bolton, Kushner, Rob Porter, Townley, McEntee, Gorka https://t.co/RgUzX9d4Nn
NEW: Elijah Cummings announces "in-depth investigation" of the WH and Trump transition team security clearance processes, citing breaches at the highest levels of government, including with Michael Flynn. Cummings sends letter to WH asking for an array of documents.
Speaker Pelosi advised members not to bring family to Washington next week, an implication that the State of the Union is not going to happen, per source in a morning caucus meeting.	 	Members often invite spouses and other family to attend the SOTU
In private caucus meeting, Pelosi urged her caucus to stay united and stick with the plan, referring to reopen government first before border security talks, per sources. She emphasized to caucus that they are more powerful when they are united, not when they are freelancing.
It’s not even February of the off-year, and there are already nine candidates running for the Democratic presidential nomination - and many more have yet to announce
RT @jimsciutto: !!: “We could end up with zero growth” in first quarter “if shutdown extends for the whole quarter” says WH economic advise…
CNN Poll of Polls (average of five polls)	ALL AMERICANS	Jan. 2-21	How Trump is Handling	His Job as President	 	Approve        37%	Disapprove     57%
Rep. Hakeem Jeffries says he does not regret calling Trump grand wizard. “I do not believe the president is a card-carrying member of the KKK, but he has presided over and engaged in directly a series of racially insensitive remarks. We cannot whitewash that,” he said on @NewDay
RT @Arianedevogue: Supreme Court conservatives tee up potential big issues for next year— much closer to election: 	https://t.co/GBegimH4UJ
House Freedom Caucus members and close Trump allies - including Meadows and Jordan - among the 22 who voted against House bill tonight stating that it’s US policy to remain a member of NATO and prohibiting US funds for being used for a withdrawal from the alliance https://t.co/DpOED2YCZw
True, but she’ll also be one of the most junior members and will sit at the end of the dais, meaning her time for questioning witnesses won’t occur until hours into a hearing. And often times at that point of a hearing, most questions have been asked. Part of being a freshman... https://t.co/8h6aS7EHp4
Easily passes with veto-proof majority https://t.co/ArtoHhnSgz
Rudy: “I do have a mastery of the facts which is why I can spin them, honestly, argue them several different ways.” https://t.co/qx0sKGl7VA
Elijah Cummings said it’s unclear just how much Michael Cohen can discuss during his testimony before his panel. Republicans said today that Cohen’s rep said many topics will be off limits. 	“Our discussions with Mueller’s office are ongoing,” Cummings said to me https://t.co/KXrSt7hkUh
RT @cnnross: NEW: An internal TSA email obtained exclusively by CNN's @Rene_MarshCNN asks for 250 workers who can move to airports struggli…
RT @merica: Dems running - or eyeing - 2020 campaigns: Is it too late now to say sorry? https://t.co/XXJlaALVs8 w/ @jeffzeleny
McConnell told me this when asked if he would oppose House plan to reopen government til early February: “Well, of course.”		Asked if he believed Dem-backed plan would get 60 votes, he said: “We are going to have to two votes set up for Thursday, and we are hoping to pass ours.”
Among judicial nominees the WH just sent to the Senate: Wendy Vitter, who Dems opposed last Congress over her Brown v. Board of Education answer. She’s nominated to serve on a court in the Eastern District of Louisiana and is David Vitter’s wife https://t.co/f32kTAjhhB
RT @Arianedevogue: The DOJ plans to ask Scotus to take up whether citizenship question can be added to the next census.: 		https://t.co/fDM…
RT @MichLKosinski: NEW: The State Department has just had to cancel its big international conference on BORDER SECURITY and preventing WMD…
RT @DavidWright_CNN: New from @SaraMurray: Special counsel Robert Mueller's team has expressed interest in the Trump campaign's relationshi…
Jerry Nadler sends a letter to Matt Whitaker with a series of questions he wants to ask the acting AG at Feb. 8 hearing before House Judiciary. Says if WH wants to invoke executive privilege, he wants 48 hours notice https://t.co/Q9C1T2u3a2
Collins will be back in the Senate for the Thursday votes https://t.co/s8oecr9Ofp https://t.co/o4JkDnRKik
RT @ryanobles: Major development in #NC09 today as a Judge turns back a @MarkHarrisNC9 request to certify the results. This opens the door…
McConnell is NOT supporting the House bill that the Senate will vote on Thursday to reopen the government until early February, and the WH has indicated Trump will NOT sign it. Several GOP aides say it won’t get 60. Dems have votes to block Trump plan also. Shutdown continues
Collins, who takes pride in not missing Senate votes, will have to either reschedule fundraiser or McConnell will have to leave open the Thursday shutdown votes, scheduled to begin at 230pm, until she returns https://t.co/l2iGrFBVeW
"For the first time, we will get a vote to open up the government without any decision one way or the other on border security," Schumer said.		But House plan needs 60 votes, which means 13 Rs would have to defect and push it through - something that almost certainly won't happen
McConnell sets up dueling votes at 2:30pm on Thursday. First on Trump's proposal, then on a House-passed bill to open government. Both will fail.
RT @gelles: Power struggle paralyzes 'irrelevant' White House press shop @CNNPolitics https://t.co/Cv6htDdshB
Mark Warner introduces the Stop STUPIDITY (Shutdowns Transferring Unnecessary Pain and Inflicting Damage In The Coming Years) Act, which would fund all of the government except the WH and Congress to stop further shutdowns
“Davis stated Cohen does not plan to testify before any other congressional committees in open or closed session,” Jordan and Meadows write https://t.co/Jp3p2FMxA7
Rudy told New Yorker yesterday: “I am afraid it will be on my gravestone. ‘Rudy Giuliani: He lied for Trump."		Rudy told @DanaBashCNN today: “I am not lying for the president. The reason I said that is everybody is concerned with legacy. ...  I think he is being unfairly treated"
With the Senate about to get locked into a Thursday vote on Trump's plan,  which Dems have the votes to block, we are almost certainly looking at another lost week and shutdown persisting -- barring an unexpected breakthrough
McConnell objects to moving forward with House-passed bill to reopen Department of Homeland Security
RT @RohdeD: FBI Agents Association releases 72-page report detailing how shutdown is dangerously slowing counter-terrorism, child abuse, &amp;…
McConnell said he expects the key vote on Trump’s immigration proposal to take place Thursday but declined to answer further questions, per @tedbarrettcnn
GOP says Michael Cohen rep told them he won’t testify on issues under investigation, suggesting that Trump Tower Moscow talks may be off limits as well as hush-money scandal. Cohen doesn’t want to testify again - open or closed. per @jaketapper @jeremyherb https://t.co/12IBfvVDG9
Shutdown Day 32, Speaker Pelosi makes clear that no discussions over border security will occur without opening govt first, saying fed workers shouldn't be held hostage. She criticized Trump plan for trading "temporary" DACA protections for "permanent" wall, per @ryanobles
Wilbur Ross headed to House Oversight on March 14 for a grilling about the citizenship question on the census. As Elijah Cummings said to me earlier this month: “He has to answer for something that he said that I don’t think was accurate.”
CNN: The Supreme Court took no action today on DACA, signaling that if the justices  were to take up the case it would only hear arguments next term. That leaves in place for now protections for some 700,000 recipients of the program for at least the next several months.
The four liberal justices would have prevented the ban from going into effect; the new justice, Brett Kavanaugh, joined the conservatives https://t.co/4P16dll4SH
RT @saraashleyo: NEW: @CNN has obtained a 26-page internal memo on Uber's special investigations unit, where investigators were overworked…
Rudy “afraid” his gravestone will say: “He lied for Trump.” Also on his Moscow comments: “Lawyers argue in the alternative. If we went to court, we would say we don’t have to prove whether it’s true or not true because even if it’s true, it’s not criminal” https://t.co/UNGTGgLMgN
RT @evanperez: “Agalarov wanted to appear voluntarily in his interviews and would not agree to be served with a subpoena...	If he agreed to…
Text of 1,301-page Senate GOP bill to open government, provide disaster relief, enact Trump’s immigration changes on DACA, TPS and appropriate $5.7B for border wall. McConnell will try to bring it to floor later this week but lacks 60 votes to move forward https://t.co/jXn7oiWqa2
Trump’s Tuesday: Intel briefing at noon; lunch with Pence at 12:30p. Nothing else on WH schedule
Rudy cleanup, second time he’s had to do so since last week. “My recent statements about discussions during the 2016 campaign between Michael Cohen and .. Donald Trump about a potential Trump Moscow 'project' were hypothetical and not based on conversations I had with” Trump https://t.co/aH4cv0SwP3
RT @jaketapper: Michael Bloomberg's stop-and-frisk policy could be an issue if he enters 2020 race - CNNPolitics https://t.co/7Iq2aojaWr
RT @GeoffRBennett: The trip lasted about 90 seconds. https://t.co/N0QsqP8hTt
2020 field so far. Announced runs:	Sen. Kamala Harris 	Julian Castro 	Rep. Tulsi Gabbard 	Rep. John Delaney 	Former West Virginia State Senator Richard Ojeda		Announced exploratory committee:		Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand 	Sen. Elizabeth Warren
No public events tomorrow for Trump on MLK day, per WH schedule
Tulsi Gabbard says on @CNNSotu she has no regrets over meeting with Assad, saying it’s important to meet with foreign leaders
Rudy doesn’t say if Trump talked to Cohen about his testimony https://t.co/DDFfSoENVU
Giuliani defends Trump attacking Michael Cohen’s father-in-law ahead of his House testimony, suggests to @jaketapper that the father-in-law may have ties to organized crime. “Michael Cohen is withholding it.”
Giuliani seems to suggest to @jaketapper that Trump told Mueller in written answers that Trump Tower Moscow project conversations occurred through 2015 and 2016
Susan Collins sounds receptive to Trump plan. “I am encouraged that the proposal put forth today would allow the Senate to consider next week a proposal to reopen government” with immigration reforms and disaster relief
Virginia senators - Kaine and Warner - want Trump to agree to open the government first before immigration talks. “To start this process, we have to immediately reopen the government.”
McConnell will have to file cloture and force a vote on Trump plan, which would bring senators who are all over the country to come back to Washington. But it has little chance of getting 60 votes to proceed. McConnell has been decrying “show votes” for the past few weeks
Another thing Dems will cite to oppose the Trump plan https://t.co/hpI5WVfiTt
Trump plan being rejected by elements of the right, including hard-line immigration group NumbersUSA. “The offer the President announced today is a loser for the forgotten American workers who were central to his campaign promises.“
McConnell, who has said repeatedly only bills with support of Trump and Dems can end shutdown, says he will hold vote on Trump proposal - even though Dems are rejecting it. “Everyone has made their point—now it’s time to make a law. I intend to move to this legislation this week”
Trump plan: $800M in humanitarian aid, $805M for drug detection, 2,750 border agents, 75 new immigration judges, Central American minors apply for asylum in homes, $5.7 billion for steel wall. And three years of relief for 700,000 DACA recipients, three-year extension of TPS https://t.co/LUQr12joIP
Dick Durbin, a co-sponsor of Bridge Act, says government must open first before talks over immigration can happen. 	“I cannot support the proposed offer as reported and do not believe it can pass the Senate. ... I am ready to sit down at any time after the government is opened”
RT @BadgerMBB: IT'S A MADHOUSE IN MADISON!		Wisconsin takes down No. 2 Michigan!		#OnWisconsin // #Badgers https://t.co/F1UhI1OBnX
RT @BresPolitico: How did the border wall fight get so bad? The great David Rogers walk us thru what happened  https://t.co/1Nev7tJEJV
Not much support among Dems for this Trump plan on two fronts: they want permanent protections for DACA recipients, not just temporary. Plus they want to reopen government first before immigration talks. Shutdown continues.
Trump praises Mueller - a man he has attacked relentlessly for months - for issuing statement denying BuzzFeed story, saying, “I very much appreciate it.”
“Caravans are coming up,” Trump tells reporters at the White House ahead of his “major” announcement at 3p.
House Dems to move next week on a package of six spending bills that include $1 billion for additional border security - but there’s no money for the wall so it’s not going to break the standoff with the White House
RT @kylegriffin1: Fascinating that Rudy Giuliani and Trump supporters are now taking Robert Mueller's office at their word about inaccuraci…
RT @abbydphillip: Trump is expected to offer another proposal to end the shutdown tomorrow, per a senior admin official. It will include it…
The special counsel’s office never ever comments on stories, but did so on this one. https://t.co/jlFXyXKLP1
RT @OutFrontCNN: Robert Mueller's office is disputing a BuzzFeed report that President Trump directed Michael Cohen to lie to Congress.		"I…
WH won’t say if Trump will declare national emergency tomorrow https://t.co/IADuE9awiN
I support this https://t.co/TlXcOOOYaM
And the envoy, who had led the fight against US up until a few weeks ago when he resigned in protest over Syria withdrawal, said: Trump’s “recent choices, unfortunately, are already giving the Islamic State — and other American adversaries — new life.” https://t.co/nfNYvhkG9s https://t.co/O3jv5o26lH
Trump Tower Moscow project and Michael Cohen's role in Trump's world of very high interest in the early days of new Dem House, with House Intelligence and House Judiciary both vowing to dig in. GOP mostly quiet on the matter.		Plus what Cohen can say publicly remains clear. https://t.co/3wXGaZSO90
Asked GOP Sen. James Lankford on Trump stopping Pelosi trip: “I wish they could’ve gone to Afghanistan;it’s important to see what’s happening and talk to people on the ground. I was just in Afghanistan a few weeks ago, and so it is exceptionally important to  be able to be there”
"Do not offer specific call out data at your airport," the email adds. "You can say you have experienced higher numbers of call outs but in partnership with the airport and airlines you are able to manage people and resources to ensure effective security is always maintained." https://t.co/p8j3gZux1b
Rob Portman on Trump halting Pelosi use of military aircraft: "I think the speaker was irresponsible to cancel the State of the Union and I think that he should not have followed up with the CODEL cancelling. Neither of these are going to help us get to a resolution" on shutdown.
RT @DavidMDrucker: #DearLeader is really good at this. No meaningful concessions and two presidential summits. =&gt;&gt; https://t.co/O1TKW8FEOM
Trump and Kim Jong Un's summit in Singapore in June ended with a commitment  from the North Korean leader to "work toward complete denuclearization  of the Korean Peninsula," but negotiations appear to have stalled since  then.	 https://t.co/NfxM7JxP6q
Only time reporters can question Sanders on camera is immediately after her Fox hits. No press briefings during the government shutdown. https://t.co/yFRHeaVzRo
New Rudy statement after not outright denying report last night https://t.co/xth7nFK7kL
The Senate adjourns til 11am Saturday, and the House is out. Shutdown continues
RT @jeffzeleny: Joe Biden knows more than most anyone about running for president. What he knows less about is how to win. A new look at th…
Pressed on whether she was accusing the president of endangering members of Congress and troops, she said she was just relaying what the state department told her office.		“This is a fact. It’s not even an opinion,” she said, per @KilloughCNN
Pelosi told reporters that WH leaking of their travel plans scrapped their trip, calling it “very irresponsible” and saying it endangered lawmakers traveling there
Mark Warner on Michael Cohen: “We expect to have him back to the Senate Intelligence Committee in February. We have a lot of questions to ask.... And the recent articles are quite disturbing if Mr. Trump instructed him to lie repeatedly,” per @sarahmucha
GOP Sen. Lankford told me: “We are waiting to see what’s true” from the BuzzFeed report but said that if Trump directed Cohen to lie to Congress, “that’s a very big issue.”		He would not comment directly on if it’s an impeachable offense, saying he wants to see all facts first
Schiff on Buzzfeed report. If true, allegations would constitute “subornation of perjury as well as obstruction of justice.Our committee is already working to secure additional witness testimony and documents related to the Trump Tower Moscow deal and other investigative matters”
WH non-denial denials this AM on story that Trump directed Cohen to lie to Congress, a crime. Hogan Gidley on Fox attacked Buzzfeed and Cohen; Rudy last night also questioned Cohen credibility
Pelosi’s office said that the congressional delegation was looking at filing commercially to Afghanistan but State’s security services said that Trump’s announcement of their travel - and leaks about alternative plans - “increased the danger” to the troops and lawmakers https://t.co/KwWLJcPxPv
Two House committees - House Intel and House Judiciary - now plan to investigate whether Trump directed Cohen to lie to Congress. https://t.co/DirD15CO3t
This sentiment raises the stakes substantially for Cohen’s Feb. 7 testimony before House Oversight. Cohen’s attorneys have said he won’t discuss the Russia investigation in open session; it’s unclear the extent to which he will be able to reveal Trump Tower Moscow conversations https://t.co/cNmrMAJb4R
At Bill Barr hearing this week: Lindsey Graham: So if there was some reason to believe that the president tried to coach somebody not to testify or testify falsely, that could be obstruction of justice? 	 	BARR: Yes, under that -- yeah, under -- under an obstruction statute, yeah
RT @lbarronlopez: Rep. Steve Scalise blames Nancy Pelosi for lack of diversity in House GOP conference at E-PAC launch: "I’ve noticed that…
On Day 28 of the shutdown, Trump’s only event on his Friday schedule: a closed meeting with the Treasury secretary whose department is shutdown.
"I think he'll give the State of Union somewhere else, and Nancy Pelosi's politics will come back to bite her," Mark Meadows said to me right before Trump canceled her official trip abroad https://t.co/f9rUx7EX0m
Schiff said of Trump revealing Pelosi heading to Afghanistan: “The President’s decision to disclose a trip the Speaker is making to a war zone was completely and utterly irresponsible in every way.” https://t.co/Nw0yfEZ8pB
RT @abbydphillip: Just in: First Lady Melania Trump has arrived in West Palm Beach for the holiday weekend.
RT @KFILE: NEW: My look at Kirsten Gillibrand's time as a hawk on immigration. Where she bragged about increasing deportations in a mailer,…
RT @MarshallCohen: NEW TODAY: Trump was startled during  Barr's confirmation hearing, and bristled when Barr gushed over his 30-year friend…
“We’re still obviously discussing the situation - and if I have any news to make, I’ll let you know,” McConnell said just now when asked about his Pence meeting 		Asked if the president was right to cancel Pelosi codel, McConnell was silent and walked into his office
McConnell declines to comment on meeting with Pence or weigh in on Trump canceling Pelosi travel. “Why are you here?” he says with a laugh to a group of reporters. He walks on floor
After a meeting of just under an hour with McConnell, Pence and Kushner leave the Capitol. Pence didn’t answer questions. He didn’t request a meeting with Pelosi while he was here, and she didn’t ask for one either. Shutdown continues
RT @EliStokols: White House catching up, plugging a big hole in the administration’s argument about canceling Pelosi’s secret Afghanistan C…
Senators mostly on their way out of town on Day 27 of the shutdown. The Senate will be in session during what was supposed to be a recess next week but no votes are scheduled - and members will be given 24-hour notice before a vote. So in effect, virtually everyone will be out
RT @jeremyherb: The Air Force bus appears to FINALLY have left the Capitol, per ⁦@KilloughCNN⁩ ⁦@ckmarie⁩.		Here's a video of the bus going…
Alos, senior Trump officials -- Mnuchin, Pompeo, Ross, Lighthizer and others -- still planning to travel to Davos https://t.co/TaFcN4zuH8
Schumer on Trump move to pull Pelosi’s air travel: “No reaction,” he told me when I asked him for his reaction
Susan Collins tells @tedbarrettcnn she’s still undecided on the Bill Barr nomination for attorney general
James Lankford, the Oklahoma Republican, decried both sides for “messaging” in the fight over the SOTU/Pelosi travel, but said Trump should let the delegation go on the trip. “It seems odd to me to not let them go,” he told me
Pelosi’s official travel - along with Reps. Engel, Schiff, Lynch, Takano, Davis and Luria - was scheduled to last five days, not seven as Trump said. Also they weren’t scheduled to go to Egypt, as Trump said, per Pelosi spox. And Brussels trip was intended to meet NATO leaders
“All too often in the last two years, the President has acted like he’s in the fifth grade. And to have someone who has that kind of character running the country is an enormous problem at every level,” Schiff said
Schiff also said speaker’s office has been in communication with the Defense Department which he said was caught off guard
Schiff, leaving Pelosi office, rails on WH move to deny military travel while others in Trump admin travel to Davos, says Trump has been acting like a “fifth grader,” and says House will still conduct oversight no matter what Trump does. He won’t say if the trip is still on
McConnell, who often doesn’t answer questions in the hallways but has been doing it more frequently as of late (when he wants to), would not answer @tedbarrettcnn questions about Trump denying Pelosi use of military jet for official travel
Schiff also told me he’s still working to get Michael Cohen voluntarily before HPSCI and said of Rudy’s collusion comments last night: “This is an attorney who has continued to issue misleading and false representations about his client's actions from the very beginning.” https://t.co/0b8QwxzYv1
RT @kaitlancollins: WH officials, including Mulvaney, began discussing canceling Pelosi’s trip this a.m., two people said. They felt caught…
”And you better not expect that if the House changes hands and Democrats are in the majority, that you're going to be able to deny us information on the Mueller investigation. .. Certainly in my view they're in no position to say no to Mueller's report,” Schiff said
Schiff warns DOJ on Mueller report, telling me: “For the last two years, the Justice Dept at the request of the GOP, has been turning maybe hundreds of thousands of pages of discovery in the Clinton email investigation to the Congress. And I said you're setting a precedent here.”
Pelosi spox responds to Trump denying use of military jet for her overseas travel https://t.co/O2MHLjCpMC
RT @jamiedupree: WOW.  Hoyer confirms that a GOP lawmaker today yelled at California Democrat Tony Cardenas, "Go back to Puerto Rico!"
Lindsey Graham: “Speaker Pelosi’s threat to cancel the State of the Union is very irresponsible and blatantly political. President Trump denying Speaker Pelosi military travel to visit our troops in Afghanistan, our allies in Egypt and NATO is also inappropriate.”
Trump traveled to Iraq, Louisiana and Texas during the shutdown. And he kept his Iraq trip secret until he landed.
Pelosi was slated to leave this afternoon on overseas official travel, per multiple sources. Hoyer said Trump’s move “demeans the presidency,” calling it “petty”
Rep. Mark Meadows told me he thinks Trump will give SOTU “somewhere else” and blasts Pelosi.	“I think he'll give the State of the Union somewhere else, and Nancy's poltics will come back to bite her ... I mean, she invited them on January 3rd. We already were in a shutdown.”
House now out of session til Tuesday, virtually guaranteeing the government shutdown will last at least 32 days
House GOP furious and accusing Dems of gaveling close a vote too quickly to reopen government til Feb. 28. The bill passed by voice vote but GOP says it wanted a recorded vote. Dems say they didn’t hear the request and members are gone. Looks like they’ll have the vote again Tues
RT @CNNnewsroom: "When we cannot get information because people feel intimidated, that's a problem," House Oversight Chairman Elijah Cummin…
"When we cannot get information because witnesses feel intimidated, that's a problem," House Oversight Chairman Elijah Cummings told me of Trump's attacks on Michael Cohen. "We just wanted to make sure the president is reminded of what the law is. https://t.co/uJ9Eab4CNE
House overwhelmingly adopts measure to stop Treasury move to ease sanctions on firms linked to Russian oligarch Deripaska. It passed 362-53. But with Senate GOP blocking measure, it won't go further. A look here at the lobbying effort to ease sanctions: https://t.co/IBER2hafs3
Always unusual when a member resigns at the beginning of his/her term to take a new job, setting up a costly special election and leaving a seat vacant. Tom Marino announces he’s leaving next week https://t.co/Vf7F02S6w8
Trump, at the Pentagon at an event on missile defense, spoke longer about border wall and dinging Democrats than about those killed in Syria. Trump spoke for 20 seconds about the attack in Syria; and for 3 minutes and 14 seconds on the border wall and shutdown. 	per @AlliemalCNN
Just asked Pelosi if she's simply trying to deny Trump a platform after DHS said it could secure SOTU, and she said: "I'm not denying him a platform at all...Let's pay the employees. Maybe he thinks it's OK not to pay people who do work. I don't, and my caucus doesn't either." https://t.co/RODDSMihbK
Rudy cleanup to ⁦@DanaBashCNN, says Trump “did not himself, nor does he have any knowledge of collusion with Russians. If anyone was doing that, he is unaware of it... But neither he nor I can possibly know what everyone on the campaign was doing.” https://t.co/sBDhz3kOmy
Pelosi, speaking to Ds at private meeting this AM, said when discussing her request to delay SOTU: Maybe president is comfortable not paying his employees for their work, but Dems aren’t, per source 		She said law enforcement would rise to challenge but would be doing without pay
House Oversight Chairman Elijah Cummings tells me Michael Cohen is “definitely” still testifying before his panel “as of today.” He warns Trump on witness intimidation: “When we cannot get information because people feel intimidated, that’s a problem, that’s a major problem.“
RT @CNNnewsroom: House Speaker Nancy Pelosi tells @mkraju she's had no response from the White House about delaying President Trump's State…
Asked the speaker this morning if the WH had responded to her yet about the delay she’s seeking in the State of the Union, and she said to me: “No, no response.”
In response to the WSJ story this morning, Michael Cohen tells @PamelaBrownCNN: “What I did was at the direction of and for the sole benefit of Donald J. Trump. I truly regret my blind loyalty to a man who doesn’t deserve it” https://t.co/7gv2YNgcet
RT @Anthony: Cohen hired a tech firm to rig online polls in Trump’s favor and was reimbursed by Trump. The firm was referred to him by Jerr…
Michael Cohen will testify before House Oversight in February, but he is concerned for his family, a source familiar with the matter tells @GloriaBorger. Trump’s comments about Cohen and his family prompted strong criticism from House Democrats about witness intimidation
Vitter’s firm has been hired by a member of Britain’s House of Lords who also is chairman of the board of Deripaska’s firms and is under investigation himself by the British Parliament https://t.co/hRcvomdpUz
RT @barbarastarrcnn: Trump is fraying nerves inside the Pentagon @CNN https://t.co/G0nR6n2w2q
RT @jeffzeleny: Will @BetoORourke road trip lead him to a 2020 decision? My story with @ericbradner from El Paso tonight: https://t.co/7MHR…
We’ve gone from Trump saying in January 2017 there were “no” contacts between anyone associated with him and his campaign to Russia. To now where Trump’s attorney says: “If the collusion happened, it happened a long time ago.” https://t.co/MsqfdKL7yU
“If the collusion happened, it happened a long time ago. It’s either provable or it’s not. It’s not provable because it never happened ... There’s no chance it happened with the president of the United States,” Rudy Giuliani said. “I have no idea what other people were doing.”
Rudy Giuliani to @ChrisCuomo: “I never said there was no collusion between the campaign or between people in the campaign. I have not. I said the president of the United States,” adding that Trump “didn’t commit a crime.”
“It looks to me that they don’t have much of an executive privilege argument,” Schiff says on @AC360 https://t.co/QRSfFOaKAu
RT @desiderioDC: Great @mkraju @jeremyherb piece on former Sen. David Vitter’s involvement in the effort to lift sanctions on Russian oliga…
David Vitter, who registered as a foreign agent, lobbied to ease sanctions on firms tied to Russian oligarch Deripaska. Deal to ease sanctions spread shares to Deripaska family and Russian bank, but Treasury says it hurts Deripaska. w/⁦@jeremyherb⁩ https://t.co/IBER2hafs3
Bobby Rush says he allowed his censure resolution of Steve King to be referred to committee to avoid putting Dems in awkward spot of voting against Pelosi. He said he was disappointed in the resolution of disapproval that passed House bc it “condemned bigotry” but “not the bigot”
“I have never been prouder of President Donald Trump. In today’s meeting, he stood up for a strong America and steadfastly opposed foreign wars. Putting America First means declaring victory in Afghanistan and Syria.” - Rand Paul after meeting with Trump
Rep. Tim Ryan told reporters that his censure of Steve King will be  referred to the ethics committee and he will not object — meaning it  wont get a vote. 	  	Ryan said he was disappointed and feels that King “dodged a bullet” with the disapproval resolution.	  	per @KilloughCNN
After Bill Barr meeting, Schumer lays out his opposition, saying he would not commit to issuing Mueller report with redactions only requested by intelligence community; would not promise to NOT interfere with Mueller would not say if he'd recuse if ethics officials advise him to
The federal workers will be paid after the shutdown is over, but government contractors impacted by shutdown still without pay https://t.co/ShcfIsCIXe
RT @CNNnewsroom: JUST IN: Senate Republicans blocked a Democratic effort to keep sanctions on companies tied to Russian oligarch Oleg Derip…
Senate Finance Chairman Chuck Grassley reiterates his opposition to pursuing Trump’s tax returns, saying he won’t go along with Dem “efforts to weaponize the authority of tax-writing committees to access tax returns for political purposes. Such an action would be unprecedented.”
Hoyer, leaving Pelosi's office, says he doesn't believe the WH has responded yet to Pelosi's request to delay the State of the Union. Hoyer said earlier today that the SOTU was off, but his aides later said he misspoke
CNN: The General Services Administration failed to consider constitutional implications when deciding to maintain the lease of the Old Post Office Building to the Trump International Hotel after Donald Trump became president, according to IG. https://t.co/fNVuJ1hDqQ
RT @RichLowry: They’re trying this on the guy on Capitol Hill least likely to be swayed by theatrical pressure tactics 		https://t.co/ZpgnE…
Josh Gottheimer said the controversy over the State of the Union and Pelosi’s ask to delay the speech did NOT come up at meeting with Trump https://t.co/JT1fjcubOy
House Dems in Problem Solvers Caucus told Trump they wanted the government open first before negotiations on immigration. But both sides say it was a positive exchange of ideas - not a negotiation - and plan to have further talks
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy says Pelosi acting “unbecoming” of a speaker on SOTU		“It is not a security issue - that’s politics. It’s pure politics.”		Asked if Trump should still speak in House on Jan. 29 if Pelosi rescinds  invite, McCarthy said: “Yes, absolutely.”
Senate Intel Chairman Richard Burr WON’T pursue notes from American interpreter at the Trump-Putin meetings.		“If I were the president, I would try to claim executive privilege in anything that had to do with him.”		Asked if he would try to get those notes, Burr told me: “No.”
57-42, Senate GOP blocks effort targeting Treasury move to ease sanctions on firms tied to Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska. Eleven Republicans joined with Democrats to advance the measure but 60 votes needed to break a filibuster
RT @abbydphillip: Per @mkraju, the WH is lobbying Republican Senators not to sign a letter asking Trump to reopen the gov for 3 weeks while…
Kamala Harris on Bill Barr not saying he’d recuse even if he were advised to do so. “There’s a very specific question before him. Would he recuse himself if the career people at the Department of Justice advised him? He didn’t say he would. I’m inclined to vote no,” she told me
Lindsey Graham today: “My concern, by the statements made by President Trump, is that you set in motion enthusiasm by the enemy we're fighting. You make people we're trying to help wonder about us. ... I saw this in Iraq. And I'm now seeing it in Syria.”
It’s Pelosi’s call, not Trump’s. And Hoyer makes that clear here https://t.co/QC04Ex8wJJ
Dems at WH with Trump: Reps. Josh Gottheimer, Thomas Suozzi, Vincente Gonzalez, Anthony Brindisi, Dean Phillips, Max Rose, and Abigail Spanberger
RT @KilloughCNN: Pelosi argued that the security issues surrounding SOTU are "completely out of my hands" and told reporters Trump "can mak…
Citing furloughs at DHS and Secret Service, Pelosi asks Trump to delay this month’s State of the Union until AFTER the government is reopened, per @FoxReports @arogDC
RT @MarshallCohen: Some big new developments in the latest Mueller filing. We learned that Konstantin Kilimnik, a suspected Russian agent,…
“Well what I told him, ‘Mr. President, this is Lindsey talking, and at the end of the day if it’s more than Lindsey it’s different. There’s a good many Republicans and Democrats who share the same view, then I would encourage the president, sit down and talk with them.”
Lindsey Graham said he spoke to Trump today about the shutdown and said to him if there’s a critical mass of senators from both parties working on an immigration deal it would make sense to reopen govt. Trump has previously rejected Graham effort to reopen govt for three weeks
More than 8 hours later, Bill Barr’s confirmation hearing is over
Asked by Harris if Trump confiscating interpreter's notes of his meeting with Putin violated the Presidential Records Act, Barr says he's not familiar with what the law says.		"At one point, I knew what it said," Barr said. "But I'm not familiar right now."
11 Republicans who broke ranks:	 	Boozman	Collins	Cotton	Daines	Gardner	Hawley	Kennedy	McSally	Moran	Rubio	Sasse
"I see no reason to change them," Barr says when asked by Blumenthal about DOJ policy that sitting presidents can't be indicted.		Today, Barr vowed to be independent, let Mueller do job and not be 'bullied.'		But he hedges on recusal, releasing report, allowing subpoena to Trump https://t.co/FpK4I0wJHy
“As we say in Louisiana, you’re as mean as a mama wasp.” — Sen. John Kennedy to Bill Barr
In rebuke to admin, Senate votes 42-57 to keep alive measure seeking to block Trump effort to ease sanctions on Russian companies tied to oligarch Oleg Deripaska. Still faces hurdles to pass Senate, but vote comes just a couple hours after Mnuchin lobbied GOP senators at lunch
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, ranking Democrat on Senate Judiciary, said this of Barr hearing: “So far, so good” and that, “I think he’s doing well answering questions.”	She says she wants to hear more of his views on Roe first before saying how she’d vote
Democrat Chris Coons just told me this on supporting Bill Barr:  “I’m going to consider it seriously.”		Coons said he’s “encouraged” by his comments about protecting the Mueller probe.		But said he has concerns about Barr’s immigration views
RT @jeremyherb: Matt Whitaker has agreed to testify on February 8, whether or not he's still acting attorney general. It'll be a busy week:…
NEW: House Judiciary reaches deal to bring in Matt Whitaker for his testimony on Feb. 8. "The Committee will expect you to provide direct answers to questions asked by members of both parties," Nadler says in letter to Whitaker.
McConnell explanation on why he won’t put a bill on floor to open government in attempt to win veto-proof majority https://t.co/nZkwVxf1qB
"You call it the Trump shutdown," Barr said to Leahy. "But it takes two to tango."
In wake of Steve King controversy, House adopts resolution rejecting white supremacy and white nationalism, 424 - 1	 	The lone 'no' vote: Bobby Rush, who said it didn't go far enough as he's pushing much-tougher censure resolution on King. per @KilloughCNN
Cory Gardner, up in 2020, signals he’ll join Democrats in attempt to block Trump move to ease sanctions on Russian-linked companies, as administration lobbies to prevent loss on initial vote this afternoon  https://t.co/YMHYRXPd1C
Asked by Feinstein if waterboarding is torture, Barr said: "I’d have to look at the legal definition ... Right now, it’s prohibited. The law has definitively dealt with that."
RT @costareports: biggest story of the day https://t.co/SNWDKZ2HK4
Bill Barr tells Kamala Harris he might not recuse even if DOJ ethics officials advised him to do so. Why wouldn't he take their recommendation, she asked. His response: "If I disagreed with it ... and I came to a different judgment."
Barr also says to Kamala Harris he doesn't plan to use DOJ resources to go after states and DC that legalized marijuana
"I'm advocating a barrier system in some places," Bill Barr, asked by Kamala Harris, if he's advocating for a wall. "In some places, it might not be necessary to have what some people imagine as a wall."
Blumenthal told me he thinks Barr could "invoke unknown rules and regulations that would permit him to say no to a subpoena, no to an indictment, no to resources, no to additional area of investigation." 	"I’m concerned that he will fail when the Elliot Richardson moment comes"
Cory Booker starts off his questioning of Bill Barr asking him about medical marijuana, and Barr suggests that he will allow medical marijuana to continue. His goal is to "not to upset settled expectations," Barr said
"Just asking to trust you is not enough," Hirono says to Barr. "Why won't you follow Jeff Sessions' lead and follow the advice of Justice Department ethics officials?"		Barr: "I'm not going to surrender the responsibilities of the attorney general just to get the title."
Barr tells Blumenthal that U.S. attorneys can be fired by the president, but says: "I would not allow a U.S. attorney to be fired for the purpose of stopping an investigation."	The significance: The Southern District of NY, which has implicated by the president in two crimes
Bill Barr on allowing Mueller subpoena for Trump to testify: "I don't know what the facts are. If there was a factual basis for doing it ... and I couldn't say it violated established policies, then I wouldn't interfere."
Coons says he's "encouraged" by Barr's comments on this, a sign he could flip
Bill Barr, asked by Coons if he would quit if Trump told him to fire Mueller, says: "Assuming there's no good cause, I would not carry out that instruction."
More than three hours into the Barr hearing, and it's been remarkably civil so far, lacking contentious exchanges of many other high-profile hearings before Senate Judiciary. Still a long way to go, but hard to see Republicans defecting at this point
"There could be a situation where someone could be held in contempt," Bill Barr says when asked by Amy Klobuchar about any situation he sees of jailing journalists for doing their jobs
Barr says he doesn't know the specifics surrounding Matt Whitaker's decision not to recuse himself from overseeing the Mueller probe
Susan Collins, who is not on Judiciary, non-committal so far on Bill Barr, says she has not been watching the hearing today but will get caught up later. Needless to say, only way Barr goes down is if more than three Republicans vote against him. If Collins is a yes, he gets job
Hawley was referring to Lindsey Graham questioning Bill Barr about why there weren’t checks and balances on the investigation to start with.
Asked freshman GOP Sen. Josh Hawley if he had any concerns about FBI probe that Trump may have worked for the Russians. “Yeah, very concerning behavior on the part of the FBI,” saying Lindsey Graham’s questions to Bill Barr were “very important” on that topic.
WH strategy of picking off individual Dems on shutdown not bearing much fruit https://t.co/t0L8DKjutZ
Speaking to reporters, Dems say they need make clear they’re not satisfied with Barr testimony so far. Dems don’t believe he’s been firm enough on allowing Mueller probe to proceed or allowing the report to be released.
Hoyer warns that if shutdown is still going next week, the House will not be in recess.		He also said that doesn’t mean they’ll be here the entire week and that on days they’re not here, members will be given 24-hour notice to come back and vote on a potential deal. @KilloughCNN
Bill Barr says, "I'm not going to be bullied" to do something he thinks is wrong -- not by editorial boards, and he says, "not by the president."		"It doesn't give me pause" dealing with Trump.
Bobby Rush among Dems not happy with decision to move forward with resolution of disapproval of Steve King, pushing for tougher censure measure. “While I strongly condemn white supremacy and white nationalism, my position remains unchanged.  Anything short of censure is shallow.”
This AM, Kevin McCarthy stopped short of calling on Steve King to resign, as did Joni Ernst and Chuck Grassley. "That's up to Steve King," McCarthy said. 		Liz Cheney, however, said she agrees with McConnell: "I think he should find another line of work."
Bill Barr says he can't answer whether Trump has the authority to dip into Pentagon funds to build the border wall, says he'd need to consult with the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel first.
Trump asked him, 'How well I know Bob Mueller?" 		Barr said they were close and said to Trump: 'Bob is a straight shooter and should be dealt with as such."		Trump: "Are you envisioning some role here?"		Barr: "Right now, I couldn't do it."  Trump asked for his phone number."
Barr recounts one of his conversations with Trump. June 2017, Ambassador David Friedman reached out to him and said Trump was interested in finding lawyers for defense team. Barr wasn't interested but met with Trump at Friedman's urging.
Feinstein: “Has anyone given you nonpublic information about the Mueller investigation?”	Barr: “I don’t -- I don’t recall get any confidential information about the investigation.”
Barr also says he spoke with Trump in June 2017 about private legal representation, and says he's willing to discuss that in more detail -- but no follow-up from Feinstein.
Barr says he talked to Trump about Mueller probe: "I discussed the Mueller investigation, not in any particular substance."		Then says he's willing to detail that conversation.		Feinstein says, "Not at this time." And says she's run out of time.		Leaves audience hanging
RT @ryanstruyk: CNN: A federal judge has struck down the Trump administration's proposal to reintroduce a citizenship question into the 202…
Barr not fully committing to publicly releasing Mueller report. He says he will commit to releasing "as much as I can" consistent with the law. Big gray area.
Bill Barr thinks that the efforts to prosecute Sen. Bob Menendez were based on a "fallacious" theory
"Don't you think President Trump is a one-pager kind of guy?" Graham asks 		"I suspect he is," Barr says, asked about his 19-page memo questioning Mueller probe		Graham tells Barr to remember that
"I don't believe Mr. Mueller to be involved in a witch hunt," says Bill Barr, breaking with President Trump. 		Barr also breaks from Trump by discussing Jeff Sessions' recusal: "I think he probably did the right thing."
Graham also reads Strzok/Page anti-Trump text messages, and asks Barr his reaction to them: "I was shocked when I saw them," Barr said.		Barr promises to look into 2016 FBI actions as attorney general.		Graham also raises concerns about DOJ Bruce Ohr's wife working for Fusion GPS
Graham opens up line of questioning about NYT article on Trump having faced investigation over whether he was secretly working for Russians and suggests there needs to be "checks and balances" on opening counterintel probes on president.
Barr's opening message all aimed at reassuring skeptics: He'll allow Mueller probe to proceed, give Mueller time to finish, err on side of transparency in releasing the report, says he has given Trump no assurances on how he'll handle overseeing Mueller probe
Bill Barr's subtle message to Trump: "In the current environment, there are places in the government where the rule of law -- not politics -- holds sway. .. The Department of Justice must be that place."
GOP may buck Trump administration move to ease sanctions on Russia-linked companies, but Mnuchin doing last-ditch lobbying on Hill https://t.co/EhGU8Jme5Y
Feinstein notes that 25 years ago there were no women on the Senate Judiciary Committee, and now the committee has her, Blackburn, Ernst, Hirono, Klobuchar, Harris
“The immigration Lindsey will show up. But the other guy will too,” Lindsey Graham says at start of Barr hearing and referring to his new chairmanship, joking he doesn’t like the other guy either
Asked Joni Ernst whether Steve King should resign, and she said to me: “That’s up to folks in the fourth district”
Just asked Iowa Republican Chuck Grassley if Steve King should resign and he said that he “detests” the use of that language and said: “This business of white supremacy is just plain wrong.”
RT @ElizLanders: The Kremlin overnight: "America has found itself in a situation unique to itself: There is a division both in society and…
Adam Schiff told me tonight that he and Engel are still discussing how to obtain the interpreter notes at Trump-Putin meeting and whether House can question interpreter. “We are exploring our options right now to find out what recourse we have.”
On Friday, I asked Steve King if he were concerned he would be stripped of committee assignments. So this clearly came as a surprise.	He said this Friday: “I've heard nothing like that -- why would anybody do that?" King said
RT @jaketapper: The House Steering Committee has voted to remove Rep. @SteveKingIA from his committee assignments, @KilloughCNN reports
Rep Clyburn tells @arogDC that he would introduce a resolution of disapproval of Rep. Steve King’s comments, adding it would be “a condemnation of white supremacy and white nationalism.”
House will vote as soon as Tuesday on a resolution to disapprove of the actions of Steve King, per Democratic sources. It is being proposed by Rep. James Clyburn. It is not as severe as a censure resolution that other Democrats - like Tim Ryan and Bobby Rush - are proposing.
McCarthy says GOP steering committee meeting after these votes on next steps over Steve King
Romney tells me this of Trump-Putin interactions.		“I think it’s inappropriate for the president ... to communicate with the president of another global power without having people there keeping careful records .... That is an enormous mistake and should not be repeated.” https://t.co/J7G2w2DYmJ
RT @KFILE: Romney calling on Steve King to leave Congress: "I think he ought to step aside and I think Congress ought to make it very clear…
In one of his early acts as chairman, Jerry Nadler has requested numerous documents and communications related to the administration's “zero-tolerance” policy that led to separation of migrant families that crossed the southern border illegally last year.  https://t.co/jQRZNdPzrb
RT @LauraAJarrett: Some news from @Arianedevogue - that controversial June 2018 Barr memo on obstruction went to WH lawyer Emmet Flood, SG…
Mitt Romney tells me there’s NO place in the GOP or Congress for Steve King, calling on him to resign. “I think he ought to step aside and I think Congress ought to make it very clear he has no place there.”
RT @burgessev: “I wish he wouldn’t do that,” Sen. Thune says of Trump’s tweet attacking Warren; which references SD massacre
McConnell goes further than Trump, who has been silent on Steve King controversy. “There is no place in the Republican Party, the Congress or the country for an ideology of racial supremacy of any kind. .. Rep. King’s statements are unwelcome and unworthy of his elected position”
"Well, Mr. President, when are you going to help us open the government?" -- Lisa Murkowski on Trump rejecting three-week deal to reopen government https://t.co/xvYHyBbOGO
Just asked Lisa Murkowski about Trump rejecting a three-week bill to open govt, and she said: “Well, then Mr President when are you going to help us open the government?” She raised concerns about the “indefinite state of impasse.” She said: “It’s just not good for any of us.”
Poll shows that nearly half of the public (49%) viewed Trump address to the nation on immigration/shutdown as mostly misleading, 32% that it was mostly accurate. On Pelosi/Schumer response, 38% said it was mostly accurate and 39% mostly misleading. https://t.co/J0OKShWFxd
RT @ElizLanders: .@mkraju asks @lisamurkowski if she thinks @realDonaldTrump is working on behalf of Russia: “No, that’s like something out…
Bobby Rush, Chicago Democrat, announces plans to introduce resolution to formally censure Steve King
Harry Reid has never sent a Christmas card in his life. “Nobody cares about them.” https://t.co/G3K78BGyq7
RT @OmarJimenezCNN: So I’m at @ATLairport and this may be the longest security line I have ever seen. Even growing up here, and even for a…
Engel on Trump saying he "never" worked for Russia. "It's unthinkable that an American president worked for Russia. I'd like to believe him, but we're going to find out."
Eliot Engel says the House Foreign Affairs Committee and House Intel will work together to get notes from interpreter at Trump-Putin meeting. He tells @KateBolduan that "no decisions have been made on subpoenas," but adds: "What we're not going to do is sit back and do nothing."
Trump often falsely calls Mueller and Comey "best friends," but Bill Barr - Trump's AG pick - is actually much closer to Mueller. He writes in opening statement that he has known Mueller for 30 years, and they've worked closely together in past. "We have been friends ever since"
RT @CNNPolitics: 81 (and counting) very real direct effects of the partial government shutdown https://t.co/ZFbxi2WWKt https://t.co/6y55j1a…
Barr also says his June memo critical of Mueller's obstruction inquiry is "narrow in scope," and did not address Russian interference probe, "nor did it address other potential obstruction of justice theories," saying he didn't suggest that a president can never obstruct justice
Bill Barr, Trump's AG pick, trying to reassure senators after his writings critical of Mueller, planning to tell members in his opening statement tomorrow that he will let Mueller finish probe and provide "as much transparency" consistent with law over releasing final report
RT @abbydphillip: Trump is very up on the details of Jeff Bezos’ divorce. But when asked about Steve King’s white supremacist comments he s…
"That was a suggestion that Lindsey made, but I did reject it," President Trump said of Graham idea to reopen government for three weeks to allow for further negotiations before declaring a national emergency for border wall
The president of the United States just denied he was working on behalf of Russia after not answering directly this weekend. "I never worked for Russia, and you know that answer better than anybody," Trump said on the South Lawn.
RT @jeremyherb: NEW details on the FBI's internal deliberations about investigating whether Trump was acting in ways that seemed to benefit…
A quarter of Trump’s Cabinet is filled by acting department heads. On top of that, across the government, almost 40% of key leadership positions that require Senate confirmation are vacant. GOP senators uneasy. “Not OK with that,” Lankford said  https://t.co/K15f2mfVFA
“The President should make no statement or take any action to obstruct Congress’ independent oversight and investigative efforts, including by seeking to discourage any witness from testifying in response to a duly authorized request from Congress,” the Dems said
Schiff, Cummings and Nadler issue statement after Trump’s comments about Cohen testimony. “Our nation’s laws prohibit efforts to discourage, intimidate, or otherwise pressure a witness not to provide testimony to Congress.”
“Action will be taken,” Kevin McCarthy said on CBS of Steve King after his comments about white supremacists. “I'm having a serious conversation with Congressman Steve King on his future and role in the Republican Party." He said they’re meeting Monday
Pence told reporters this week that Trump has been “clear” that now DACA is before the Supreme Court, he wants to wait to see how the high court rules. Trump has rejected proposals trading DACA for the wall https://t.co/NeYXD82u8Z
Schumer announces today he will force a vote in the Senate to disapprove of the Trump administration decision announced in December to lift sanctions on three companies tied to Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska, a close Putin ally
Senate Homeland Security Chairman Ron Johnson, asked by @jaketapper if there are any concerns about the possibility of the president of the United States being an unwitting agent of the Russians, pivots to “evidence of collusion between Democrats on Russia,” citing Steele dossier
Graham also says he’s “dead-set” to confirm “a hard-right” conservative  Justice if there’s a vacancy on the Supreme Court
Lindsey Graham, asked about the NYT report that FBI investigated whether Trump worked for Russians, says on Fox: “To me, it tells me a lot about the people running the FBI ... what I want to make sure is: How did the FBI do that? What kind of checks and balances are there?”
Lindsey Graham urges Trump to open government for three weeks to see if a deal can be cut before declaring national emergency.
Here’s the poll: https://t.co/VW05EWEF21
CNN POLL CONDUCTED BY SSRS	January 10-11	More Responsible for	Government Shutdown?	 	Donald Trump           55%	Democrats in Congress  32%	Both                    9%		Feelings About Building a	Wall Along the Entire	Border with Mexico?	 	Favor        39%	Oppose    56%
Could have said ‘no’ https://t.co/WawxTjG2sW
RT @jdawsey1: "Anyone could have listened to that meeting. That meeting is open for grabs," Trump says responding to reporting from @gregpm…
Another sign of Trump’s new reality: Foreign Affairs Chairman Eliot Engel to probe Trump-Putin contacts.”We will be holding hearings on the mysteries swirling around Trump’s bizarre relationship with Putin and his cronies, and how those dark dealings affect our national security”
RT @morningmoneyben: Russia worked very hard to help Trump get elected. Trump and Putin have spoken privately five times and we have no ide…
“As a result, U.S. officials said there is no detailed record, even in classified files, of Trump’s face-to-face interactions with the Russian leader at five locations over the past two years.” https://t.co/equmcjOnQl
Schiff on NYT report: “This is also why the President’s financial interests and entanglements ... have been of core interest. The House Intelligence Committee has a responsibility to the American people to ensure that the President is working in our national interest.”
RT @cnnadam: Trump's temporary Cabinet and vacancy-riddled government @mkraju @abbydphillip @akesslerdc https://t.co/qqLsAY8E9P
Saturday morning in the Trump era https://t.co/yfIGOkmJZf
Pelosi said in letter to Dems: “Leadership and our Committees are working together to develop legal, policy, and communications responses should they be needed.”
Pelosi last night went further than she has before over Trump declaring emergency, saying he’s “threatening to grant himself extraordinary powers to steal billions of dollars from disaster-impacted communities, the military and urgent civil works projects in order build his wall”
Trump told Russians in the Oval Office that firing Comey had taken “great pressure” off of him; this AM, he’s on a Twitter tirade after the NYT report saying FBI had investigated whether Trump as a US president was secretly working for Russia https://t.co/MZogq31GA4
The shutdown is officially the longest in US history 	https://t.co/6R7PDVEDBc
RT @oliverdarcy: The TV station that accused CNN of not bringing one of its reporters on air for political reasons appears to be walking th…
RT @jimsciutto: Where, when and how?	-Russia is still in Crimea and Eastern Ukraine and just expanded into Black Sea. 	-Russian has expande…
RT @maggieNYT: The headline is stunning, and does not at all overstate the story https://t.co/Tl24jU94gw
Grassley: "I think that any claim of white supremacy is wrong and I detest it." Grassley was non-committal about whether King reelect.	  Asked if King was fit to serve in office, Grassley said, "The people of Iowa elected him and so, you know, the people have made a choice."
Clyburn - the top black leader in Congress -- backs censuring King; Pelosi wouldn't say yet. Karen Bass, CBC chair, worries House censure would make it a partisan issue.		Scalise wouldn't say if he backs King censure. NRCC Chair wouldn't say if King would get support in a general
Steve King NOT concerned about backlash from GOP.	"I've heard nothing  like that -- why would anybody do that?" he said of losing committee seats. On not getting NRCC endorsement, he said: "That's nothing new."  		House GOP leaders mum on punishing King https://t.co/0FP9WrMZ30
Pelosi continues to punt on her views of Trump declaring a national emergency, telling reporters, she'll respond if he does it.
Sen Cornyn warns WH not to dip into Hurricane Harvey money for wall.		"I will tell you that I will oppose any reprogramming of Harvey disaster funds. We worked very hard to make sure that the victims of Hurricane Harvey - their concerns are addressed and Texas is able to rebuild"
Dems have tried to pressure McConnell, hoping he will budge and allow votes on House bills to reopen government. But as he heads back to KY for weekend, he's brushed off Dem attacks and aligned himself with Trump demand for wall money, per @tedbarrettcnn 	https://t.co/bu4ytt3qTJ
Lindsey Graham meets with Trump, then says that "it's clear to both of us that Democrats don't want to make a deal and will never support border wall/barriers on President."		Then Trump a couple hours later says: "Congress should do this."		Even as there are no talks happening
Trump not ready to declare national emergency, acknowledges administration may be sued if he declares one to build border wall. He calls on lawmakers to pass bill. "Congress should do this... If they can't do it, I will declare a national emergency." 		Shutdown continues
Schiff writes to Trump officials asking for wall info by Wed., saying he hasn't seen anything from the Intelligence Community "to substantiate the Administration’s dire proclamations about the magnitude and nature of this claimed crisis – particularly with respect to terrorism”
House also has adjourned
Graham: “They hate President Trump more than they want to fix problems — even problems they acknowledged to be real and serious in the past.  Democrats will do everything in their power to defeat Trump in 2020.	 	“Mr. President, declare a national emergency now. Build a wall now”
Tim Scott, lone African-American GOP senator: "Some in our party wonder why Republicans are  constantly accused of racism — it is because of our silence when things  like this are said."	https://t.co/YOBFTHQexZ
The Senate just adjourned til Monday, ensuring this will be the longest U.S. government shutdown in history
House GOP keeping defections to a minimum after Dems push through individual spending bills.		Today, 10 Republicans joined with Dems to open Interior and EPA	Yesterday, 10 voted to open USDA and 12 voted for Transportation/HUD	Wednesday, 8 voted to open Treasury/IRS
Speaker Pelosi to me on whether the House should censure Steve King over his white supremacist comments. “I have not seen what he said, but he makes terrible comments all the time so this is not anything new.”
RT @abbydphillip: Grassley on whether Trump should declare a national emergency via @mkraju : “I think the president should not do it. I th…
The money that allegedly would be saved would go to the Treasury, and Congress would still have to appropriate the money for the wall. Plus the trade deal needs to be approved by Congress - and it’s far from clear a divided Congress will get behind it. https://t.co/7xu0GeDoCw
Day 21 today of the government shutdown, tying 95-96 for longest ever. With no votes in Senate today, the only path to avoid making this the longest shutdown in history: Trump declares national emergency to build wall, and both chambers pass by voice vote measure to reopen govt
“I can’t see any reason why not.” Trump to Hannity on declaring a national emergency to build wall if he can’t get a deal with Congress (which he can’t)
Hannity doesn’t ask Trump about campaign pledge of Mexico paying for the wall after president falsely said today he never suggested Mexico would pay with a check. Also doesn’t ask about controversial idea of tapping into disaster relief money to pay for wall
Trump in 2016 on Mexico: "They may even write us a check."		Trump today on Mexico: "I never said they're going to write out a check." https://t.co/OwgD0vyMql
"Frankly, I'm not crazy about going down that path," Thune said to me about Trump declaring a national emergecy. "Inevitably, I suspect it probably gets challenged in court." https://t.co/jBvyn8qKt7
Asked Cummings about Cohen testifying on hush-money scandal: "The American people will have an opportunity to hear from him, Mr. Cohen" and see questions asked. "I think the American people will see that it did matter, their votes did matter" in elections	 https://t.co/AJeUHgzrL3
Jim Jordan bashes Cummings on Cohen hearing. “Chairman Cummings promised to pursue rigorous, responsible, fact-based oversight. However, the Chairman's announcement today suggests he will be using the committee as a venue for political theater rather than legitimate oversight.”
RT @burgessev: .@PhilipRucker pool report from the border: "Sean Hannity has special access here. He huddled with Bill Shine and Secretary…
The Senate will be in session tomorrow but with no votes, most senators will be back home for the weekend as we close out week three of this government shutdown
RT @Phil_Mattingly: The U.S. Senate, by voice vote, passed a bill to provide for the compensation of Federal and other government employees…
Pelosi blasted a classified briefing from Steve Mnuchin on Treasury lifting Russia sanctions as a "waste of time" and "one of the worst classified briefings" she has received		She said Mnuchin mostly read from an unclassified document and “barely testified at all.” @jeremyherb
Elijah Cummings just confirmed what Schiff said to me earlier: Cohen will NOT discuss Russia in his open testimony, saying he doesn’t want to interfere with Mueller. “The American public will get an opportunity to hear from him,” Cummings said
The House tonight also passed bill to reopen Agriculture Department, 243-183, with 10 Republicans supporting it. GOP managing to keep defections to a minimum; they’ve ranged between 5-12 Republican defections on spending bills to reopen government
The heads of the House and Senate Intel Committees both want Michael Cohen behind closed doors before he goes to jail. Schiff told me they have been in contact with Cohen attorney and believes he will agree to a date. https://t.co/1OPdXgN4DE
Lindsey Graham says Pelosi opposition to border wall “virtually ends the congressional path to funding for a border wall/barrier.	 	“It is time for President Trump to use emergency powers to fund the construction of a border wall/barrier.”
Speaker Nancy Pelosi; smiling, said to me when I asked about the news of Michael Cohen testifying before House Oversight: “I am just hearing about it.” She smirks and said: “Interesting.”
“Of course,” Elijah Cummings, chairman of  House Oversight, said when I asked him if Mueller team cleared Michael Cohen to testify before his panel. “They cleared it.”
Adam Schiff told me Michael Cohen will NOT address Russia in open testimony, based on what his attorney told them. Schiff said Cohen is “going need to answer questions” behind closed doors before HPSCI on Russia. They haven’t agreed to date. Cohen will tell “his story” in public
House GOP defections grow - incrementally. Twelve Republicans - four more than yesterday - voted with Democrats to reopen the Department of Transportation and the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The vote was 244-180. Still far short of a veto-proof majority.
RT @CNNnewsroom: "Very significant #BreakingNews, Michael Cohen - the President's former lawyer, longtime fixer - has agreed to testify bef…
Cummings just made clear to @jeremyherb that the Cohen hearing will be public
Cohen: “I look forward to having the privilege of being afforded a platform with which to give a full and credible account of the events which have transpired.” https://t.co/F57uxRfGZA
Schiff adds: ”We hope to schedule a closed session before our committee in the near future.”
Schiff: “Mr. Cohen has expressed an interest in telling his personal story in open session, and we welcome his testimony before the Committee on Oversight and Reform. It will be necessary, however, for Mr. Cohen to answer questions pertaining to the Russia investigation..
MICHAEL COHEN, President Trump's former fixer and personal attorney, will testify in PUBLIC before House Oversight on Feb. 7. Expect questions about his involvement in hush money scheme to silence Trump affairs, the Trump Tower Moscow project in 2016 and other controversies
Graham to reporters: "I have never been more depressed about moving  forward than right now. I just don’t see a pathway forward. .. Somebody’s gotta get some energy to fix this," per @sarahmucha
Pence, speaking to reporters on the Hill, said Trump has the "absolute right to declare a national emergency," but said "the president has made no decision" to do so
One school of thought: by declaring national emergency, Trump could tap into Pentagon money, and agree to reopen the govt.		But doing so opens up legal complications and could get tied up in courts.		At this point, few see any other path given the bitter stalemate
Last-ditch effort -- led by Graham -- essentially dead amid lack of support from both sides, per senators. Plan would have funded Trump's wall, dealt with DACA, TPS 		With McConnell blocking House bills and WH-Dem talks dead, many believe only option: declaring national emergency
Last-ditch effort
For the second time this week, Senate Dems block effort to bring up a Mideast policy bill in protest over shutdown. The vote was 53-43. The bill would have allowed senators to express their views over Trump's Syria policy and it includes other measures, included related to Israel
Steve King tries to clean it up: https://t.co/EOKN6y2PJg
RT @jeremyherb: AG nominee William Barr is meeting with Democrats today ahead of next week's hearing. Feinstein, the top D on Judiciary, sa…
A member of House GOP leadership rebukes Steve King over his latest controversy https://t.co/TiEXZrvWp2
Wow https://t.co/HqKjYYkWpR
RT @kpolantz: NEW SCOOP ON MUELLER INVESTIGATION from @CNNPolitics: Trump campaign pollster Tony Fabrizio visited the Special Counsel's Off…
Romney won’t say if he thinks declaring national emergency is a good idea. “I think the right course is to consider common ground between the two parties. But the president indicated he’s considering that option.” And he walked into Senate GOP lunch
At the end of presser, Sanders was asked about sexual harassment allegations during 2016 campaign – he appeared to be reading from notes while he apologized to women who have made accusations. Sanders called it “unacceptable behavior” that some women were harassed. @ElizLanders
Asked Pelosi if national emergency is a way out of shutdown, and she said: "If and when the president does that, you'll find out how we will react but I'm not going to that place now. Trump will have "problems" w/GOP "for expoiting the situation in a way that enhances his power." https://t.co/TLXwYsCEgy
RT @vplus: Video may show Khashoggi's body being moved https://t.co/RV7yvh0nqK
This group has been discussing this rough outline with Ds, McConnell and Pence today. There likely will be changes in the numbers, details. So far, Dems haven't embraced it. Portman told me he's spoken with two Dems. "People are looking for a solution." https://t.co/v0jZiKlz9n
Interesting - I asked Pelosi about possibility of Trump declaring a national emergency at border, how House would react and whether that’s the way out of the shutdown. “Let’s see what he decides to do,” Pelosi said, holding her fire. She added that Trump may get pushback from GOP
“Do you take an oath to the Constitution or an oath to Donald Trump?” Pelosi said after Senate GOP blocks House bills to reopen federal agencies
“I think the meeting was a setup so he could walk out,” Pelosi says at her presser about yesterday’s meeting
RT @MarcACaputo: An “inconsiderate” Scott leaves DeSantis camp fuming at the way, they say, the former guv frustrated &amp; slighted his succes…
Trump this AM also denied knowing about former campaign chairman Paul Manafort’s sharing of 2016 polling data with a man suspected of being tied to Russian intel.	 	“No, I didn’t know anything about it, nothing about it,” Trump told reporters today
Sen. Chuck Grassley told me “absolutely not” when I asked him if he spoke with William Barr about his criticism of Mueller probe.		Instead, he said he spoke with Barr about other issues like the new criminal justice law. “He was committed to carrying out the law,” Grassley said
Trump AG pick Will Barr, who has faced criticism for not meeting with Democrats amid shutdown, will meet with some today, including Feinstein and Leahy
RT @jdawsey1: Pretty remarkable quote here from Trump: “I find China, frankly, in many ways, to be far more honorable than Cryin' Chuck and…
Trump cleanup on campaign pitch of  Mexico paying for the wall. “Obviously I never said and never meant, they’re going to write out a check. Mexico will pay for the wall indirectly.” He continues to say Mexico trade deal (which hasn’t been approved by Congress) will pay for wall
RT @JDiamond1: I asked Trump, who said he is prepared to declare a national emergency, when this emergency/crisis began.	"Oh, it began a lo…
Trump again setting as the standard for declaring a national emergency the inability to get a deal with Congress https://t.co/tHRfhn3tha
Senate Majority Whip John Thune to me about the possibility of Trump declaring a national emergency for the border wall: “Frankly I’m not crazy about going down that path. ... Inevitably, I suspect it probably gets challenged in court.”
RT @ZcohenCNN: While on the Hill today, future Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, Gen. Mark Milley told reporters, "I have no opinion on anythin…
It’s still very early in these discussions — and a very steep climb at best for this to become law — but with the Dem-Trump talks broken down and no willingness on McConnell’s part to put House bills on floor, it may be the only game in town
In Graham’s office, GOP senators discussed an immigration deal - $5.7B for the wall - plus provisions to entice Dems: DACA, TPS, H2B. Kushner told them if it has wall money and can pass Senate, WH would be open to further talks. Rs now plan to pitch Ds https://t.co/grbISgPn9U
Nadler reiterates to @ErinBurnett that Matt Whitaker will get a subpoena “in the next couple days” to appear before his committee if he doesn’t commit to a date in January
Kushner came to the Capitol today after talks at the WH collapsed; Graham has pushed a bigger immigration deal including DACA and the border wall, something Kushner has been open to. Kushner left without taking questions https://t.co/AdmykMjxRY
Durbin on WH meeting: “Mitch McConnell didn’t say a word at the meeting. Not a word, come to think of it, I don’t think McCarthy did either.”
The new Republican defectors: Herrera Beutler and Adam Kinzinger. Pete King voted last week to reopen the shuttered government agencies (minus DHS) but voted against today’s bill to open financial services agencies like Treasury and IRS https://t.co/HzbZuf0HW5
Per congressional aide, this was the exchange at the WH: Schumer: you are using people as leverage. Why won't you open the government and stop hurting people?	 	Trump: "because then you won't give me what I want."
The House passed the bill to reopen Treasury and IRS, the first of four appropriations bills the chamber will vote on this week.		The vote was 240-188.		Eight Republicans joined with Democrats to pass the bill. That’s one more than number of Republicans who broke ranks last week
Warner on whether he’s reassured by Bill Barr telling Lindsey Graham he won’t interfere with Mueller: “Absolutely not,” saying he believes Barr was chosen because of the concerns he expressed about Mueller
Asked Warner if Senate Intel wants to look into Trump polling, he said: “I would like to see what specific information was relayed” by Manafort to understand if it was intended to aid efforts by Russians to try to suppress the vote, as the Trump camp did as well
Mark Warner on Manafort revelation: "This appears as the closest we've seen yet to real, live, actual collusion ... Trump's campaign chairman shared confidential Trump campaign data with a Russian intelligence operative ... How is that not evidence of an effort to collaborate?" https://t.co/yQNBKlMr1c
McConnell also said his chief concern is Democrats blocking action in Senate over shutdown: "What I'm interested in is there's no rationale for shutting down the Senate. .. No matter how you feel about the border dispute there's absolutely no basis for shutting down the Senate"
Mitch McConnell, back from WH, on next steps: "I hope we made clear to you guys after lunch: We're sticking with the president on this. In the meantime, the Senate is here and ought to be doing work...I'm going to guarantee  we are going to keep on voting on motions to proceed"
RT @alexburnsNYT: NEW: Steyer will NOT run against Trump		He chose a campaign manager, conducted polling &amp; hired Deval’s top adviser ... be…
“It wasn't even a high-stakes negotiations, it was a petulant president of the United States,” Pelosi said as she returned to the Capitol, per @KilloughCNN @Phil_Mattingly
Durbin said Trump threatened to walk out of the last meeting too but sat back down for 45 minutes in that meeting
Schumer, returning to Capitol, said that Trump made the demand for “the wall” - not border security as the GOP said - when he asked Pelosi if she could give that to him if he ended shutdown		Trump also said at start: “I question why we are even doing this meeting,” per Durbin
McConnell not at this GOP press avail outside the WH; he missed the Trump press conference after the last meeting on the shutdown because he wasn’t told about it ahead of time. McConnell did appear with Trump in the Capitol after the lunch today
Schumer: He asked Speaker Pelosi if she would agree to my wall and she said no and he just walked out of the meeting.” Pence said Trump asked Pelosi if she would allow a wall if he agreed to open up government: “She said no. The president said, ‘Goodbye.’ https://t.co/Rmt9IGkqt0
Schumer said Trump walked out of the meeting https://t.co/HUGR9hhwfY
RT @ryanstruyk: .@MarkWarner tells @mkraju that Manafort sharing polling data is "one of the most significant activities of this entire inv…
RT @jaketapper: "How is that not evidence of an effort to collaborate in some way?" Senate Intel vice chair @MarkWarner tells @mkraju of Ma…
So the end result after Trump’s decision to speak to the nation and then visit the Senate GOP lunch is that both sides are now more dug in than ever with no end in sight
"The President was resolute. He's like, I'm not from Missouri, but I've heard this story my whole life, he's like the Missouri mule who sits down in the mud and says, I'm not moving. He's resolute. It doesn't look to me like he's going to give an inch.” - Sen. John Kennedy
Rubio: “I didn’t hear anybody challenge” him. Rubio signaled he’s inclined to stick w Trump for now. “The notion that he’s not going to get” anything from these talks “is just not real.” 		Trump message: “Stick together... not everybody spoke but I didn’t hear anybody object”
Murkowski told me: “I shared my support for a need for border security ... but a recognition that when the government is shutdown there are consequences and people are starting to feel those consequences.”		“He urged us to remain unified.”
Rand Paul said Trump brought up Syria withdrawal and “endless wars”
Romney told me he didn’t speak at the Trump lunch, declined to comment
Murkowski raised concerns to Trump about the impact of the shutdown on federal workers; he responded that they should remain unified 		She said it was respectful exchange
Rubio says Trump’s message: “Stick together.” He said nobody challenged him in lunch; he said Trump said that declaring national emergency “remains an option.”
RT @cnnadam: SCOOP: Law firm that represented Russian interests part of mystery Mueller subpoena case @kpolantz @laurarobinsontv Em Steck &amp;…
RT @lindsaywise: Newly minted Missouri Sen. Josh Hawley won’t be answering Qs about shutdown (or anything else) on Capitol Hill		“No commen…
Nadler writes to Matt Whitaker, demanding his testimony by Jan. 29 and rejecting Whitaker’s request to delay his testimony until two weeks after the government is reopened. “We will not allow that date to slip past January 29, 2019.”
Sen. Whitehouse also not convinced of Barr’s assurances to Graham. “It will be very important to test those assurances through the hearing process.” Blumenthal and Whitehouse both asked to meet with Barr but haven’t gotten a response yet from DOJ.
Barr vow to not interfere with Mueller probe yet to assuage Dems on Senate Judiciary. “I want iron clad, specific commitments, and possibly even recusal,” Blumenthal said. “If he can’t provide very definite, iron-clad assurances (to support the Mueller probe,) he ought to be out”
Declaring national emergency - and building wall through Pentagon funds - not off the table. "I really believe the Democrats and the Republicans are working together. I think something will happen, I hope. Otherwise we'll go about it in a different manner” https://t.co/FxguLdO3un
Schiff on Manafort revelations: "It raises a series of questions, why additional meetings, why lie about it, what interest did the Russians have in Trump campaign polling data. But it just adds to a long growing list of meetings, communications and lies." https://t.co/UQMvi9RnCY
Schumer adds:  "It’s much harder to achieve a good negotiation while the government is shut down. The first order of business – we’ll continue to negotiate – the first order of business, open up the government"		Tried to follow up about middle ground, and he said: "Next question"
I asked Pelosi if there'll be a point where Ds will have to negotiate on the wall. "We have been negotiating. The White House seems to move the goalposts - every time they come with  a proposal they walk away from it. Pretty soon these goalposts won’t even be in the stadium."
Graham says Barr believes Mueller will be “fair” to Trump. “I can assure you based upon what I heard, he has a high opinion of Mr. Mueller.... He has no reason for Mr. Mueller to stop doing his job and is committed to letting Mr. Mueller finish his work.”
Lindsey Graham says AG nominee Barr told him he would NOT interfere with Mueller investigation.		Barr told him that he would follow procedure while "airing on the side of transparency" about sharing Mueller's final report with Congress and the public, per @jeremyherb
Adam Kinzinger, who voted against Democratic efforts to reopen government last week, says today: "If it's an agreeable bill, I'll open as much government as we can," railing on the "stupid shutdown idiocy cycle" and calling on both sides to cut a deal https://t.co/sha5cax1XY
RT @DavidPriess: It’s still the morning, but we have the quote of the day—to @mkraju @cnn from Rep. Adam Kinzinger (R-IL):		"Stupid shutdow…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Rep. Adam Kinzinger tells @mkraju  if folks don't come to the table  soon "we're going to continue in this stupid shutd…
GOP Rep. Kinzinger, on if he would vote to open agencies without a border deal, told me: “I’m going to look at each bill on the merits of their own.”		“If they’re clean and good bills, I’ll look at them on the individual merits as opposed to any kind of political leverage issue.”
RT @alanhe: Also said that the President and Dem leaders “both did an effective job presenting their respective cases” last night https://t…
He declined to take any other questions.
Just asked Romney if shutdown should end absent a border deal: “I think it’s important for us to complete the border wall ... at the same time, I want to see government open again. A lot of people are hurting and more people will be hurting if we don’t get the government open.”
Schiff also raised concerns about Rosenstein departure and called on Barr to recuse himself from overseeing the Mueller probe if he’s confirmed. “I do think he should recuse himself.”
RT @Arianedevogue: Ruth Bader Ginsburg not on the bench today . Third day she has missed.
Schiff told me Manafort revelation raises “profound questions about why all the secrecy, why all the lies. And most seriously, why is a campaign manager of a US presidential candidate providing campaign polling data to someone linked to a foreign adversary’s intelligence agency?”
RT @CNNnewsroom: Trump's "speech did very little to change the dynamic on capitol hill," reports @mkraju.		"Both sides believe this could g…
CNN: U.S. potentially risks losing its triple-A credit rating if shutdown continues long enough, Fitch Ratings said. The head of sovereign ratings said if the shutdown continues to March 1 and complicates debt ceiling, “We may need to start thinking about the policy framework.”
The House today will pass legislation to reopen Treasury and IRS, in an effort to pressure Senate Republicans to buckle. McConnell has dismissed the move as a partisan show vote since it lacks Trump’s support
While he wanted to hear more from Trump, Boozman added this about federal workers caught up in the standoff: "We don't need to hold them hostage." Rubio said he wants to see how the bills are structured first, but said he “potentially” could back opening govt with no border deal https://t.co/uLOKm85Mfx
Rosenstein will be out, per ⁦⁦@LauraAJarrett⁩  https://t.co/fDOLKFMTlp
Trump is scheduled to be in the Capitol for the Senate GOP lunch from 1p-2:05p tomorrow before heading back to WH for a 3pET meeting with the top congressional leaders - again in the Situation Room of the WH, where it will be closed press
Lindsey in 2016 also said that electing Trump would destroy the party. “Embracing Donald Trump is embracing demographic death,” he said at the time. He said in 2017 that there would be “holy hell to pay” if Jeff Sessions were fired as AG https://t.co/L6WfdIUoar
RT @arappeport: DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen planning to go to Davos during a national emergency crisis at the border --&gt; https://t.co/bV…
RT @maggieNYT: Trump didn’t want to give the speech tonight and told TV anchors at lunch today that his planned trip to the border is a was…
Trump campaign raising cash off of tonight’s speech, sends fundraising solicitation to donors saying it wants to raise $500,000 in one day. “We sent him a list of all patriots who donated to our Official Secure the Border Fund and he noticed your name wasn’t on the list, Friend.”
“There's a time when that may run out," Georgia Sen. Johnny Isakson said of Senate GOP support for McConnell's refusal to back spending bills that lack Trump's support. "But right now that doesn't run out.”
Trump last week to @kaitlancollins: "I know you're not into the construction business, you don’t understand something. We now have a great steel business,” noting that "steel is stronger than concrete."	Trump tonight: Steel wall - not a concrete - done at the request” of Dems
Trump continues the blatant falsehood that the trade deal with Mexico will pay for the wall. He said it will do so “indirectly.” Even though it has not even been approved by Congress
New warning signs for Trump and the White House as Senate Republicans offer tepid support for WH strategy, and clear warnings of a revolt if shutdown lasts indefinitely. Capito calls shutdown “useless” and says "that pressure is going to build." https://t.co/sX2dfhAl34
Hurd was one of seven House Republicans to defect last week. The question is how many more will buckle during this week’s votes https://t.co/K4fmBx7RnM
RT @jeremyherb: House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler says acting AG Matt Whitaker will testify before his committee in January -- one way…
Rashida Tlaib, who said Dems would impeach the motherf*cker, tells @ErinBurnett that she didn't like how her remarks "became a distraction." 	Asked if she'd apologize, she said: "What I want to do is not allow woman like myself who have every right to be upset ... to curse."
I asked Rick Scott about heat he's getting for a fundraiser tonight, but he instead said this on shutdown: "It doesn't make sense to me. You ought to be able to do border security and fund the government. ... I look forward to being up here." He then got on senators-only elevator
“I am supportive of a process that is going to allow us to get these six bills through and if we need need to do something with homeland ... let’s do that,” Murkowski added
“I am one who is amenable to a process that would allow for those appropriations bills that have concluded some time ago that they be enacted into law - whether it’s the department of interior or the IRS. I’d like to see that,” Murkowski said
Lisa Murkowski joins calls for the rest of the federal agencies to open up even before funding fight over border security is resolved, “I think we can walk and chew gum,” she tells us
Senate Intel Chairman Richard Burr doesn’t know if Michael Cohen is going to come back to SSCI before Cohen goes to jail		“I don’t know - the request has been out for about six months,” Burr told me
“No,” Thom Tillis said when I asked if he’d be willing to open specific agencies before wall fight is resolved, saying he wants border security money. “I don’t want to start picking it away. We know how to get this done. We just need to execute.”
Mitt Romney would not comment to me about the idea of Trump declaring a national emergency to build wall. “I’ll have comments after the speech, not before.”
Vice President Mike Pence stopped in the Senate reception room, shook my hand and I asked him if Trump would declare a national emergency tonight over the border. And he paused, grinned and then said: “Nice try.” And he walked into cloak room.
Newly elected Sen. Josh Hawley refuses to comment on idea to cite national emergency to build border wall: “I don’t have a comment for you.” He also would not comment on opening up individual federal agencies as border fight plays out. “I’m not going to comment on any of that.”
Asked Rob Portman if it‘d be wise for Trump to make emergency declaration over wall. “No,” he said. “It’s a much wiser idea to negotiate something out because if it’s done it will be tied up in the courts for a long time, and it would not be successful in achieving the objective”
RT @jeremyherb: Meanwhile, seven House Dem chairs are raising concerns and demanding Mnuchin provide a briefing on lifting of sanctions for…
Asked about Trump talk of declaring a national emergency, Rick Scott says: “We are going to hear tonight what his plan is.”		Scott would not say if he’d support spending bills to reopen specific agencies as border fight is playing out.		“I don’t understand why we can’t do both.”
McConnell, leaving the floor, declines to answer for the second time today whether it’s a good idea for Trump to declare a national emergency for the border wall
The Senate will "not waste time on show votes," McConnell says, rejecting efforts by House Democrats to pass individual appropriations bills to reopen federal agencies
McConnell, on the floor, complaining that Dems planning to block Mideast policy bill tonight to keep focus on shutdown. "Now they want to shut the Senate down," he said.		The $5.7B Trump request for the wall is a tiny fraction of budget, he says, dismissing the cost complaints
Senate chaplain Barry Black, in opening prayer: "As we wrestle with the stalemate with this partial government shutdown, aspire our lawmakers to do what is best for our nation and world. ... Help them appreciate their accountability to you."
RT @ShimonPro: A Madrid meeting between Paul Manafort and Konstantin Kilimnik, a man the FBI believes to be Russian intelligence, during th…
GOP divided over Trump declaring a national emergency and dipping into Pentagon funds for the wall. Rep. Mac Thornberry, the top Republican on the House Armed Services Committee, thinks border wall construction is a responsibility of DHS, not the military, per @KilloughCNN
RT @jeremyherb: What did we learn from the botched redactions? Mueller asked Manafort about: 		-- A Ukraine peace plan discussed w/ Kilimni…
Leaving lunch, McConnell declines to comment on border wall, Trump’s ability to declare national emergency or if he’ll put individual approps bills on the floor. He says he will make an opening statement at 3pm on the floor and leaves it at that.
RT @daveweigel: Before 2018, Democrats had just 195 House seats, and just 10 white male Democrats from the South.		After 2018, Democrats ha…
RT @ShimonPro: We are now getting details from the Manafort filing. Manafort says he tried to tell the truth in cooperation interviews, and…
Another Dem 2020 candidate seems likely to get into race https://t.co/thacYL4EtI
Indiana Sen. Mike Braun and West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin propose bill to require lawmakers to pass annual budget resolutions and all appropriations bills by the start of the fiscal year - or they will not be paid and can’t get retroactive pay.
RT @joshscampbell: Natalya Veselnitskaya, reached by telephone, said she couldn’t comment on the details of an indictment unsealed today th…
RT @CNNnewsroom: House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer will deliver the Democrats' response tonight after Pre…
RT @oliverdarcy: Each of the big four broadcast networks (ABC, CBS, Fox, and NBC) will carry the Democratic response, as well as all of the…
Rare acknowledgement of an error by this WH https://t.co/QNzB3bfWsn
Here’s the indictment https://t.co/1hdR8q4c1Y
US attorney in NY charges Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian lawyer who met in Trump Tower with Donald Trump Jr and others promising dirt on Hillary Clinton, in a separate case highlighting her ties to the Russian government.	 	She has been charged with obstruction of justice.
Schumer and Pelosi are delivering the response tonight
RT @CNNnewsroom: "Jared Kushner, I am told by a source familiar with the matter. is making the case that after the President's speech tonig…
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was not on the bench for oral arguments for a second day in a row, per @Arianedevogue
Ahead of Trump’s speech, Jared Kushner has made calls to Hill and to at least one Democrat, per source. Kushner’s message: Public support will grow for border wall after Trump’s speech and his visit to the border. 		The hope is to rally GOP support and pick up a Dem defector
RT @CNNnewsroom: .@jimsciutto: "Are you concerned that the President will lie to the American people tonight?"		Dem. @Sen_JoeManchin: "Some…
Coons, Tillis, Graham and Booker reintroduce bill to protect special counsels like Mueller from political pressure
"Nearly 4,000 known or suspected terrorists were apprehended attempting to come into the United States through various means in the last year," Pence said on ABC's "Good Morning America."	That number, however, is deeply misleading, per ⁦@Betsy_klein⁩ https://t.co/PEZwKoatl8
“Elizabeth will have a hard time in West Virginia,” Manchin said
“West Virginia is not going to accept an extremist,” Joe Manchin on 2020 Democrats to @jimsciutto
Democrats have accused Justice officials of dragging their feet to get a date on the books, but in negotiations with lawmakers the department has privately cited complications from the government shutdown and Whitaker's travel schedule as the reasons  https://t.co/hoyHbwRiYW
CNN plans to take the Democratic response live, the network announces; it’s unclear who will deliver the Dem speech
RT @betsy_klein: The word "crisis" was used 37 times during today's briefing on border security with VP Mike Pence, DHS Sec. Kirstjen Niels…
In statement, Pelosi and Schumer demand that Democrats be given equal air time to counter Trump’s speech tomorrow
Blackwater founder Erik Prince tells @ErinBurnett that he spoke with Mueller’s team nine months ago and hasn’t heard back. When asked if he‘d go back to House Intel voluntarily, he called it “political grandstanding” by Dems. “We’ll see,” he said when asked if he’d testify again
Trump last week: “This should have been done by all of the Presidents that preceded me.  And they all know it.  Some of them have told me that we should have done it.” https://t.co/XTqDSV9YN9
RT @jmartNYT: Keeping options open!		Mulvaney inquired with a senior official at USC about the presidency there, which is coming open this…
RT @MarshallCohen: NEW: It was this week, two years ago, when Comey briefed Trump about the STEELE DOSSIER. That day changed the course of…
A senior Democratic aide said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer "has notified the caucus that he will vote against proceeding to S.1 because Senate Republicans should instead bring to the floor the House-passed bills to reopen the government." https://t.co/hkS2CXXTWX
"At year’s end there was no credible evidence indicating that international terrorist groups have established bases in Mexico, worked with Mexican drug cartels, or sent operatives via Mexico into the United States," per State report https://t.co/jo00fr5sql	https://t.co/L0mjF6ZYbw
Asked Cornyn if he believes new trade deal will lead Mexico to pay for wall, as Trump says. "We've got a long way to go with this new trade agreement .. I'm willing to consider it but we got a long way to go to know if there are the votes to ratify the new trade agreement."
Cornyn: “I’m confident he could declare a national emergency but what that may mean in terms of adding new elements to this - court hearings and litigation that may carry this on for weeks and months and years -to me injecting a new element in this just makes it more complicated” https://t.co/n80FM8tcs6
Senate Dems will try to block action on a Syria bill when it comes up for a vote Tuesday, an effort to keep the focus on shutdown.   	 	Democrats also will discuss at lunch Wednesday whether to broaden that blocking tactic to all legislation, aides tell @tedbarrettcnn and me
Kyl had said he probably wasn’t going back to work and would retire for good after he got the Senate appointment https://t.co/Hu8W7mJvvh
House Armed Services Chairman Adam Smith, speaking to @KateBolduan, on Trump's Syria policy: "He's changing course like a drunken sailor... All we have is the emotional rantings of a child. And he goes back-and-forth" based on the last conversation he had, which "undermines" U.S.
Adam Smith responds with @KateBolduan: "There is no national emergency. .. The president can declare a national emergency and take money from [DOD} .. It'd be wrong, horrible policy. .. He'd be challenged in court .. It's a terrible idea, but he can do it" https://t.co/QKuiJ7eAgO
House this week plans to move on four approps bills individually	- Financial Services (would open Treasury, IRS)	- Transportation, HUD	- Ag/FDA	- Interior, EPA (would also open national parks)	Ds hope to pressure GOP to open agencies not tied to border fight. WH rejects this push
RT @jeremyherb: Smith, continued: "But primarily it's been done to build facilities in Afghanistan and Iraq...In this case, I think the pre…
RBG missing oral arguments today since she’s still recovering from surgery performed last month to remove two cancerous nodules from her lung.		Ginsburg has survived other bouts of cancer which never caused her to miss oral arguments, @Arianedevogue reports
Here’s the WH letter sent to Hill requesting $5.7B for a “steel barrier” along the southern border... which amounts to $5.7B more than what the Ds are willing to give WH. Also $800 million to address “urgent humanitarian needs,” and money for law enforcement and detention beds https://t.co/Kq9j71aeVg
This makes a lot of sense now. https://t.co/sbzePQHCNL
Absolutely devastating https://t.co/9B1xQ6LFRI
I’m numb in shock and anger
You gotta be kidding me. Parkey is absolutely terrible.
Trump makes it sound like they are moving closer to a deal to reopen government, but multiple people in both parties say no real progress was made to a deal. And Dems continue to insist that govt be reopened first before any border deal, a strategy the WH rejects. https://t.co/uyMFBQBqxP
Multiple sources said there was no real negotiation about a dollar amount they could agree to. And Dem official says admin “didn’t come with a full budget justification for the $5.7 billion. That means they couldn’t explain what they would do with all of the money“ they want
No surprise but no deal — or signs they’re closer to a deal — after today’s WH meeting on shutdown, per multiple sources. Admin walked through details of its $5.7B request for border money, and Democrats asked for individual approps bills to be enacted first, which WH rejected.
Asked by @jaketapper if Trump has played role in coarsening national dialogue, Mulvaney said: “No, I don’t think anybody blames the president for the coarsening of the language.” Pressed on that, he adds: “I think there’s more important things as to who’s coarsening the language”
During Obama years, GOP bashed his use of “czars” - advisers who didn’t need Senate confirmation. https://t.co/Foeu6LD4nD
Means that his agency heads can avoid the scrutiny of a Senate confirmation process https://t.co/XpAQQef4kA
“I’m getting ready to run,” Susan Collins says on NBC of her 2020 re-election bid, saying she will make a final decision “toward the end of the year.”
WH staff and Hill aides meeting at 1p on shutdown. They are expecting to receive at the meeting the budget justification for $5.7B for border wall and security measures. Hill hasn’t received that yet
“The goal is not to open up the government; the goal is to fix a broken immigration system. ... We will not give in to this radical left - ever -until we can find a rational way forward that will have a wall as part of a border security plan,” Lindsey Graham on CBS
On people not getting paychecks: “I can relate and I'm sure the people who are on the receiving end will make adjustments, they always do... but many of those people who won't be receiving a paycheck, many of those people agree with what I'm doing,” Trump said, per pool
Trump again this morning claims to reporters that many of the government workers not getting paychecks because of shutdown over the wall "agree 100 percent with what I'm doing"
Mulvaney blames Congress - not Trump - for rising deficits and debt. “It’s the Congress that actually spends the money. If the Congress had adopted the president’s budgets over the last two years, we would not have the deficit that we have now, not have the debt that we have now”
WH chief “not too concerned” about president misstating history and defending Soviet invasion into Afghanistan https://t.co/fZrEQRiwC6
Mulvaney says he’s “heavily involved” in effort for Trump to use emergency powers to build wall. He claims it’s not the same as when he bashed Obama for acting without congressional approval on DACA. “Presidents have authority to defend the country.”
Mulvaney basically acknowledges to  @jaketapper that trade deal with Mexico won’t directly pay for wall. “That still requires appropriation” from Congress, he said, if the trade deal generates more money to the treasury. (Also the trade deal hasn’t been approved by Congress yet)
Seeking to force Senate R defections, Pelosi says: “Next week, House Democrats will begin passing individual appropriations bills to re-open all government agencies, starting with the appropriations bill that covers the Department of the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service”
“We did not make much progress at the meeting,” Mulvaney told ⁦@jaketapper⁩. Dems continue to insist to reopen government before talks over border security, which Mulvaney contended was an opening line that they didn’t want to seek agreement  https://t.co/07N295rnez
Also Dem position continued to be at meeting: No talks over border until government is reopened. Obviously this remains a key sticking point
Multiple sources say Dems asked for an official justification of admin request for $5.7B for border. Dems argued that  last request is a year old and asks for $1.6B. They want to see what DHS will cut to make it work in the budget. New WH justification coming tonight or tomorrow
Pence office says that Hill staff and WH aides will meet again tomorrow afternoon on shutdown. They did NOT have an “in-depth” discussion today about dollar figure but talked about “priorities” for security. Nielsen provided a briefing on border security.
RT @joshscampbell: No one outside the Mueller team knows their timeline to completion. Folks insisting otherwise are simply guessing. So ma…
RT @ddale8: Helpful video compilation of the things the president says he knows more about than anybody: https://t.co/FpKBNEy12I
Warren facing questions from Iowa voters about why she took a DNA test and gave Trump ammunition in the process https://t.co/UwRtXZ2nHM
Trump injects back into the news cycle the fact that federal prosecutors implicated him in two crimes involving a hush-money scheme to silence his affairs in an effort to help his election prospects https://t.co/S5jYxl3EXE
Buried in the shutdown news/Trump presser today is the fact that the GOP-led Senate is set to debate Syria policy on the floor next week, giving senators a chance to attempt to tie Trump’s hands on withdrawal and express their opposition to his moves  https://t.co/qXtuB2zyvK
A real-life impact from the shutdown over the border wall, likely to make security lines longer and could affect airline safety, per ⁦@Rene_MarshCNN⁩ ⁦@gregorywallace⁩  https://t.co/8t78iplXwa
RT @RebeccaBuck: With Cory Booker likely nearing a decision on 2020, a campaign-in-waiting is taking shape https://t.co/08S8qMEGd0
"It's a legitimate discussion to have." -- Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez told me about impeachment.		"I'm not comfortable .. making that kind of leap," says Rep. DeFazio, saying wait for Mueller report first. https://t.co/qDL6bnDaYR
RT @jaketapper: Some Republicans bucking Trump on border wall money https://t.co/ypFroEEN45 @mkraju reports @TheLeadCNN
The fact that aides are talking is not necessarily a good sign; staff-level talks can only go so far. Deals require principles to come together, and there's no willingness to do so. 		And as is abundantly clear, WH aides clearly don't speak for Trump. 		https://t.co/v3ywiaXeMD
RT @eorden: Special counsel Robert Mueller's federal grand jury has been extended by Chief Judge Beryl Howell of the DC District Court for…
Pete King, one of seven Rs to vote for Dem bill: "The president shouldn't always be listening to the Freedom Caucus."		Dems mostly standing firm, with one - Van Drew - questioning Pelosi tactics		But Rep. Rice - major Pelosi critic - says she "completely" backs Pelosi's position https://t.co/HNi9RgeBOh
So much for the predictions that this investigation is winding down 		https://t.co/vMLq0cBR8Q
RT @MarshallCohen: Trump just repeated the widely debunked lie that lots of terrorists have entered through the US-Mexico border. It's tota…
Trump's confusing message: He claims he can declare a national emergency and build wall himself; Mexico is paying for it through a trade deal that hasn't been approved by Congress; and the wall is already being built. 		But he wants Congress to appropriate $5 billion for the wall
"Because he's running the Senate." -- Trump on why McConnell is not at the press event with him and GOP leaders.		The Senate is out of session until Tuesday		McConnell's aides say the GOP leader and Thune were unaware of press conference and had left before being told about it.
Trump says he "might" consider scrapping $10,000 raises for his top political appointees but he wouldn't commit to it. He said he will look into it.
"I can do it if I want," Trump now saying he is "allowed" to build the wall himself without congressional approval or appropriation. "We can call a national emergency and build it very quickly."
Trump continues to somehow make claim that Mexico trade deal - which has NOT been approved by Congress - will pay for wall. Won't explain what will make Mexico pay for it or why he needs taxpayer money. "We just made a trade deal, we will take in billions and billions of dollars"
"Highly disrespectful to the United States of America," Trump on Rashida Tlaib's comments, saying she "dishonored" herself and her family
Trump said Pelosi told him: "We're not looking to impeach you."
"We want to do what's right and we want to do it all at the same time," Trump when asked why other agencies - not DHS - have to stay closed over the fight over wall. The House passed two bills last night -- one to reopen DHS and another packaging six bills to open other agencies
Trump confirming he said the shutdown could last years. 	 	"I did say that, absolutely I said that. I don’t think it will but I am prepared and I think that I can speak for Republicans in the House and Republicans in the Senate they feel very strongly about having a safe country"
McConnell, who came back to the Capitol and has kept his distance from the shutdown fight, noticeably absent at WH event with Trump and House GOP leaders after shutdown meeting
Trump says at meeting he asked for $5.6 billion to meet his border security demands -- that's in line with the bill passed by the House GOP late last year -- but far more than the $1.3 billion offered by Dems
Trump says he told Pelosi and Schumer about "traffickers with three or four women with tape on their mouths" driving a car to enter the U.S. where there aren't barricades
McConnell, returning from WH, says there’s an agreement to have staff-level talks with the WH and Hill aides this weekend about shutdown. Schumer refuses to comment
Schumer: "We made a plea to the president once again .... 'Open up the government and let's continue our discussions.'" 		Schumer says Trump is prepared to keep govt closed for "MONTHS OR EVEN YEARS"
Pelosi calls it a "lengthy" and "sometimes contentious" conversation with Trump at the White House. She says Democrats can't have discussions over other matters until the government is reopened.
RT @RebeccaBuck: GOP source says the party is eyeing Secretary of State Mike Pompeo as the top recruit for this seat. 		"The list is him,"…
“I intend to sprint to the finish line,” Pat Roberts says
Kansas Republican Sen. Pat Roberts will NOT seek re-election in 2020	 	“I will serve the remainder of this term as your senator, fighting for Kansas in these troubled times. However, I will not be a candidate in 2020 for a fifth Senate term.”
Pelosi announces House intervening in Texas lawsuit seeking to gut Affordable Care Act. Here’s the House’s filing: https://t.co/CvQsZiuvRa
Meanwhile some impatience among Dems. Freshman Rep. Jeff Van Drew called on Pelosi to cut a deal.		“Yes, in my opinion” Pelosi should cut a deal, he said. “I know there are people in my party who don’t agree. But there are people who are not getting paid.”
GOP Rep. Peter King told me “it’s wrong to hold hundreds of thousands of employees hostage” over standoff on the wall.	“If Chuck Schumer and Nancy weren’t bound by their base, they’d be able to negotiate more. The president shouldn’t always be listening to the Freedom Caucus”
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez told me about impeachment: “I certainly think it a valid question and it’s one that a lot of voters were interested in having in the run-up to the election. It’s a legitimate discussion to have.”		On Tlaib: “That’s an issue that she’s passionate about.”
Dem divisions on impeachment on sharp display this AM. Rep. Jim Costa rebuked Rashida Tlaib’s impeachment talk, telling me: “It’s inappropriate: we can have our differences but we set a higher standard.” Dem Rep. Al Green: “I’m absolutely convinced that impeachment is not dead.”
Pat Roberts making an announcement about his future at a press conference in Kansas at 12:15pET. He’s been on retirement watch
House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler to @JohnBerman on Rashida Tlaib impeachment comments. “I don't like that language. More to the point, I disagree with what she said. It is too early to talk about that intelligently. We have to follow the facts and get the facts.“
Tlaib wrote an op-ed today calling for impeaching the president. “Those who say we must wait for Special Counsel Mueller to complete his criminal investigation before Congress can start any impeachment proceedings ignore this crucial distinction.” https://t.co/Nm8QDnQY6c https://t.co/LUFBZtb25G
Tomorrow’s 1130amET meeting on the shutdown between Trump and Hill leaders is again in the Situation Room and is closed press, meaning we won’t say them spar in public like the Schumer-Trump-Pelosi meeting last month
The seven House Republicans who voted to fund the other shuttered agencies for the rest of the fiscal year: Hurd, Stefanik, Upton, Fitzpatrick, Pete King, Walden, Katko
The five House Rs who broke with Trump and voted to reopen DHS til February 8: Hurd, Smith of New Jersey, Fitzpatrick, Katko, Stefanik
Asked Pelosi earlier if she would accept even a dollar for the president's border wall, her response: "A dollar? A dollar. One dollar. Yeah one dollar."		Pressed on whether she'd allow any money, she said: "The fact is a wall is an immorality. It's not who we are as a nation." https://t.co/0KDUYZ28mV
241-190, the House votes to reopen the rest of the govt through the rest of the fiscal year, with seven Republicans joining Democrats
The House votes to reopen DHS until February 8, the same bill the Senate approved by voice vote right before Christmas. But with Trump opposed since it punts on border wall money, McConnell won’t take it up now. The House vote was 239-192
“Probably the quickest and simplest thing we’ll be able to do is to vote to authorize the transcripts to be provided to Mueller for any purpose with which he needs to make use of them. That can be done obviously without redaction,” Adam Schiff tells @jeremyherb
Pence on Fox: "Bottom line, if there's no wall, there's no deal."		Pelosi on Hill: "The fact is the wall is an immorality ... We're not doing a wall. Does anybody have any doubt that we are not doing a wall?"
Rep. Adam Smith, new Armed Services chairman, on impeachment: "It's not too soon to be talking about it, we'll have to decide whether or not it's the correct course of action, but certainly we should be discussing it and asking those questions and figuring out" course of action https://t.co/hSJX46QKG9
Trump's new reality clear on Day 1: Dems push bills out of House, protected by Senate GOP		Dems prepare slew of oversight hearings with Cabinet secretaries, with subpoenas in the ready		And talk among the left about impeachment even as Dem leaders seek to tamp it down		Our piece: https://t.co/c8DxOueemm
I asked if she would accept even $1 for the wall, and she responded literally: “A dollar? Yeah, one dollar."		Pressed if she would accept any money at all, she said:  “The fact is a wall is an immorality. It’s a wall between reality and his constituents, his employers."
Pelosi defiant at evening news conference, says Trump is a "master of diversion" and using the shutdown to distract from his policies. She said the border wall is "an immorality" and added:  “We are not doing a wall," Pelosi added. "Does anybody have any doubt?”
“Maybe the real meeting is at 1030 with the men,” Pelosi says with a laugh after Hoyer mistakingly says tomorrow’s WH meeting about the shutdown is at 1030am and not 1130am
RT @jaketapper: Remains absolutely stunning that POTUS yesterday said "the reason Russia was in Afghanistan was because terrorists were goi…
Republicans got dinged last year for not having any women on Senate Judiciary; this Congress, they’ll have two: Ernst and Blackburn
RT @TheLeadCNN: Trump's new reality: opposition, new probes as Dems take House https://t.co/z9vRZMc2Su @mkraju reports @TheLeadCNN @brikeil…
McConnell keeps his distance from shutdown fight. “So, I haven't been sidelined," McConnell said today, per ⁦@tedbarrettcnn⁩. “It's just that there's no particular role for me when you have this setup." https://t.co/qB7suzA6l5
On Day 13 of shutdown, Trump appears in briefing room - for the first time in his presidency - to make the case for the wall, with supporters behind him. Many of his allies have questioned why he hasn't done this sooner. He leaves without taking questions. https://t.co/UoO2AHlpAI
When sked if the committee will subpoena Whitaker, Nadler told me: “We will if we have to.” https://t.co/WBS0eB1D8P
The House vote on bill to reopen the government won't occur until 9:30pm-10pm. It is expected to pass the House but McConnell says he won't take it up in the Senate because of Trump's opposition
Three voted “present:” Jeff Van Drew;	Elissa Slotkin; Jim Cooper
Dems who voted for candidates other than Pelosi 	- Jason Crow	- Max Rose	- Jared Golden 	- Joe Cunningham	- Abigail Spanberger	- Mikie Sherrill 	- Anthony Brindisi	- Ben McAdams	- Ron Kind 	- Conor Lamb	- Kathleen Rice	- Kurt Schrader.
McCarthy gets 192 votes	Jordan 5	Bustos 4	Abrams 1	Biden 1	Marcia Fudge 1	Joseph Kennedy 1	John Lewis 1	Massie 1	Stephanie Murphy 1	3 recorded as present
Pelosi elected speaker with 220 votes out of 430 cast. She needed 216 to be elected speaker.
Jeff Van Drew, another freshman Dem, votes "present"
Mikie Sherrill, freshman D from NJ,  votes for Bustos. Elissa Slotkin of Michigan votes “present.” Abigail Spanberger of Virginia votes for Bustos
Kathleen Rice, a major Pelosi critic, votes for Stacey Abrams as speaker. Max Rose, freshman NY Dem, votes for Tammy Duckworth
Mark Meadows votes for McCarthy as speaker. Two other conservative Republicans voted for Jim Jordan, Meadows’ close friend. (Meadows backed Jordan in his bid for GOP leader before he lost to McCarthy in conference)
Golden of Maine also votes for Bustos. Five protest votes against Pelosi so far
Jim Cooper of Tennessee, a Dem who opposes Pelosi, votes “present.” Jason Crow, a new Dem from Colorado, votes for Tammy Duckworth. Joe Cunningham, freshmen Dem of SC, votes for Cheri Bustos
Gil Cisneros, California freshman who signed the anti-Pelosi letter after the elections and vowed to support new leadership during campaign, votes for Pelosi as speaker
Anthony Brindisi, a New York freshman Democrat who opposed Pelosi on campaign trail, votes for Joe Biden as speaker
Andy Biggs of Arizona votes for Jim Jordan as speaker
Mitch McConnell calls GOP Senate majority "fertile soil" for bipartisanship and says House Democratic majority must decide whether it seeks to bring momentum to "a standstill." He said Dems need to decide, among other things, between "policy making or presidential harassment."
DSCC wastes no time putting out a digital ad attacking Martha McSally, a sign she’ll be a top Dem target ahead of her 2020 race
RT @jeremyherb: At least one House Dem isn't going along with Pelosi's plea that it's too early to talk about impeaching Trump -- Rep. Brad…
Chuck Grassley becomes the president pro tempore of the Senate, making him third in line to the presidency after the VP and House speaker.
Romney gets sworn in as senator; he is expected to get a seat on Senate Foreign Relations
Josh Hawley just got sworn in as Missouri senator; he’s expected to get a spot on Senate Judiciary
Sean Spicer spotted in the halls of the Capitol on this first day of new Congress
Elijah Cummings told me his first priority to investigate as chairman will be over the citizenship question in the census.	 	He said Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross will be called to the committee.	 	“He has to answer for something that he said that I don’t think was accurate.”
Rep. Adam Smith, new chairman of Armed Services, told me this of impeachment:		“It’s not too soon to be talking about it. We will have to decide whether or not it’s the correct course of action. But certainly we should be discussing it and asking those questions.”
Rep. Jerry Nadler, new chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, told me that Matt Whitaker has not agreed to a date to come before his committee yet. He has wanted Whitaker to be the first witness. Asked if they will subpoena Whitaker, he said: “We will if we have to.”
RT @JohnDingell: As this Congress begins, a bit of advice for new Members that I received back in 1955:		For the next six months you're goi…
116th Congress, Senate breakdown	Republican                    53        	Democrat                      47 	 	New senators:	Total                  9	Democrat          2 (AZ, NV)	Republican        7 (AZ, FL, IN, MO, ND, TN, UT)
116th Congress, House breakdown	Democrat          235	Republican        199	Vacant              1	 	Freshmen                    92	·         Democrat          62	·         Republican        30
Pelosi on vacationing during shutdown. “The fact is we all stood ready and told our members we would give them 24 hours’ notice to be where they need to be. The president may not know this but Hawaii is part of the United States. ... Maybe he does not know that,” she said on NBC
Lindsey Graham to Hannity last night on the wall/shutdown. “If he gives in now, that’s the end of 2019 in terms of him being an effective president. That’s probably the end of his presidency. Donald Trump has made a promise to the American people: He’s going to secure our border”
White House releases Trump’s schedule for tomorrow, the opening day of the new Congress. Nothing is on his schedule yet
RT @timkmak: Bernie Sanders says on CNN that he wasn't contemporaneously aware of  allegations of sexual harassment during the 2016 campaig…
More than 40 executive branch nominees confirmed - including US ambassadors, FCC commissioners, Coast Guard officials
“I’m thinking about it in terms of what I can bring that isn’t already available,” billionaire Tom Steyer to @ErinBurnett on 2020 run. “Unless I believe that my background and my priorities are different than other people who are running, there really is no point” in running
McConnell announces that he and Schumer have cut a deal to confirm several of Trump’s nominees in the final day of the 115th Congress
“We’re not interested in having show votes in the Senate,” McConnell says on the floor, railing on House Dem plans to reopen the government as “partisan show votes.” The proposal Dems will take up tomorrow is one Senate Republicans have floated to Trump, who has rejected them
RT @sbg1: That sound you hear is historians, everywhere, weeping... https://t.co/Zbo41WI9pG
Big focus: How will he handle the Mueller investigation, will he act on reservations and concerns he raised about the probe before he was nominated - and what did he tell Trump about it https://t.co/5aVt7ZMgYA
McConnell reiterated that he won’t put the measure the House Dems plan to pass tomorrow to reopen government on the Senate floor because Trump has said he won’t sign it, per @tedbarrettcnn. Many GOP senators support that plan, but Trump’s opposition will deny it a Senate vote
McConnell, back from WH, says shutdown could take “weeks” to resolve, per @tedbarrettcnn. “I don’t think any particular progress was made today.  ... It was a civil discussion and we are hopeful that somehow in the coming days or weeks we will be able to reach an agreement.”
“He was endorsing me, I wasn’t endorsing him,” Mitt Romney to @jaketapper on Trump’s endorsement in 2018. He also says he’s NOT going to challenge Trump in 2020.
RT @jeremyherb: Democrats are publicly talking up legislative priorities like health care and voting rights, but they are also quietly prep…
See you in the new year, folks
RT @MarshallCohen: This is Trump's first trip to visit US troops in a war zone since taking office 23 months ago. (For comparison, Obama vi…
Mark Meadows tells me Trump is "holding firm" over the wall, based on his conversations with the president since Saturday. 		"If Democrats believe that this president is going to yield on this particular issue, they are misreading him," Meadows said in an interview. https://t.co/ToMrGXznaZ
@JesseFFerguson @DougHeye @BresPolitico @pkcapitol It would take longer than 280 characters to explain
Mark Meadows just now said to me that  he’s spoken to Trump since Saturday who is “firm” in his resolve on shutdown fight and he said Trump won’t go near the $1.3B proposed by Dems.
Final day filling in for @JohnKingCNN on "Inside Politics" at noonET. Will be speaking about shutdown latest with Mark Meadows, who told me this AM that there has been "little progress" in talks. Also: @SaraMurray @margarettalev @seungminkim @damianpaletta and yes, @BresPolitico
RT @Eugene_Scott: McCaskill on AOC: “I don't know her. I'm a little confused why she's the thing. But it's a good example of what I'm talki…
RT @AaronBlake: Trump received the bone spurs diagnosis that exempted him from Vietnam via “a foot doctor in Queens who rented his office f…
RT @JakeSherman: I am a bit confused because last week, the White House said Jared was critical to the negotiations when he was on the Hill…
RT @sahilkapur: 68 senators voted in 2013 for $46 billion in border security.		54 senators voted in 2018 to give Donald Trump $25 billion f…
Trump on Christmas Day talking about shutdown signaled he's feeling little pressure to cut a deal with Democrats -- and raised little concern about the 800,000 workers impacted by the shutdown. "Many," he claimed, want the government shut down til the wall gets funded		More here: https://t.co/sebgWLx4ep
McCaskill on Trump: "He's almost the master of, 'I'm going to do so much stuff that's crazy that nobody notices crazy anymore. ... I mean, Kanye West was in the Oval Office M'Fing! I mean, think about that. That's crazy weird." https://t.co/WaDP065IZD
Back in chair filling in for @JohnKingCNN at noonET today on “Inside Politics,” with Trump’s Oval Office Christmas message - wall, Comey, shutdown, economy - giving panelists @JakeSherman @DavidMDrucker @SaraMurray @eschor much to discuss. Plus more from my McCaskill exit intvw
Trump, after railing on Comey, says: "It’s a disgrace what’s happening in this country. But other than that, I wish everybody a merry Christmas." https://t.co/9OdrmHU5Es
Trump goes before cameras on Christmas Day and attacks Democrats over shutdown, saying wall must be completed before 2020 election		Then he says Dems are a hypocrites, like they were with Comey, in his view.		"Everybody hated Comey .... until I fired him."
Trump on his message to the 800,000 federal workers impacted by the shutdown."I think they understand what's happening. They want border security."		He claims that "many of these workers have communicated to me to stay out until" they get the wall
Trump making two contradictory arguments: He says the wall is being built -- and will be built. And also says that he needs money from Congress for it to be built. Says he needs money to "finish it"
Trump alludes to this just now in talking to reporters, saying, they've contracted this 115 miles at a "great price."
Trump, answering reporter questions after his Christmas call with service members, digs in about shutdown. "It's not going to be open until we have a wall, a fence whatever they want to call it ... It's a barrier."		Schumer said on Saturday that Trump "must abandon" the wall
In Christmas call to troops overseas, Trump talks about the shutdown, making his case for a wall and saying the military has built effective walls. He cited the migrant caravans in his call for border security. Per pool report
RT @CNNnewsroom: Stock markets had their worst Christmas Eve ever yesterday, with the Dow plunging more than 650 points.		@mkraju reports t…
WH still hasn’t explained what this is https://t.co/MTAmjmxTLL
RT @thedailybeast: Donald Trump, answering phone call from 7-year-old on Christmas Eve: "Are you still a believer in Santa? Because at seve…
RT @KilloughCNN: Trump in Santa Tracker call with 7-year-old: “Are you still a believer in Santa? Because at seven, it's marginal, right? *…
Shutdown talks at a halt as both sides prepared for this to drag out into 2019 https://t.co/IbS6zVhR8Y
RT @davidaxelrod: Really candid, interesting valedictory interview with departing Sen. @clairecmc, who will be a winter Pritzker  Fellow at…
RT @CNNPolitics: They'll tell you, if it's just the two of you, you know, 'The guy (Trump) is nuts, he doesn't have a grasp of the issues —…
Trump's Christmas time Twitter tirade included him defending Syria withdrawal, saying he trusts the regime in Saudi Arabia -- responsible for journalist's murder and misleading public responses about it -- and the autocratic leader in Turkey more than the likes of Jim Mattis https://t.co/hMVpKX1kMd
McCaskill on GOP: “History will judge some of my colleagues harshly that they didn't stand up to this President at some of the moments where he has been unhinged about particularly the rule of law.” She says McConnell is singularly focused on defeating Dems and protecting R sens https://t.co/4sI2h1Iagm
A taste of 2018 on the Hill, with lots of bobbing, weaving and dodging the latest controversies out of the WH. w/@seungminkim @burgessev https://t.co/TREI5XLZrt
RT @jrezaian: This from the same guy who took credit for my release — the one @brett_mcgurk negotiated — when it happened. https://t.co/hI1…
Since this tweet:	- Railed on the Fed (sending markets tanking)	- disputed that he lashed out at Matt Whitaker	- made odd claim that  wall will be funded by 'shutdown money"	- praised Saudi Arabia	- said he was waiting for Dems all alone in WH ("poor me")	https://t.co/yqvfZOc147
RT @MarshallCohen: "Multiple sources familiar with the matter" told CNN that Trump lashed out at least twice to Whitaker about the Michael…
RT @carlquintanilla: Since this tweet, the S&amp;P is down 18.9%. https://t.co/ICCr8oEruP
Schumer and Pelosi: “It's Christmas Eve and President Trump is plunging the country into chaos.  The stock market is tanking and the president is waging a personal war on the Federal Reserve – after he just fired the Secretary of Defense. “
Pelosi-Schumer say “it’s hard to see” a solution that can pass Congress, castigating Trump’s handling of shutdown. “Different people from the same White House are saying different things about what the president would accept or not accept to end his Trump Shutdown.”
"Somebody who talks about leading in that direction is the one that can win places like Florida, Ohio, Wisconsin, Michigan, and maybe even compete in a place like Missouri."	Asked if Elizabeth Warren could win in those states, McCaskill said, "I don't know. I think it's hard."
"Donald Trump got elected partially because there was such cynicism that we can't get anything done here. And the way you get things done here is by reasonable negotiation and compromise," McCaskill said of the 2020 race
McCaskill: "I mean, Kanye West was in the Oval Office M-F---ing on live TV," McCaskill said, seemingly perplexed. "I mean, think about that. That is crazy weird. Can you imagine would have happened if that happened during the Obama years. The lid would have blown off this place."
Claire McCaskill on Dems/Ocasio-Cortez: "The rhetoric is cheap. Getting results is a lot harder." 		On what GOP senators privately say about Trump: "The guy is nuts, he doesn't have a grasp of the issues, he's making rash decisions."		My exit interview:		https://t.co/QnY0qVgDb8
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: Trump Administration efforts at stabilizing Wall Street appear to fail as Dow plunges 650+ points and S&amp;P enters a bear…
“This is my fifth shutdown,” GOP Sen. Pat Roberts to @KilloughCNN. “I’m beyond frustrated.”		“LBJ said sometimes you just have to hunker down like a jackass in a hail storm and just take it. That’s about where we are.”
Trump on Christmas Eve	-- Railing against Democrats on the wall	-- Criticizing U.S. allies for taking "total advantage" of friendship with US 	-- Rebuking Mattis' worldview	-- slams top U.S. envoy on ISIS fight (whom he said earlier he didn't know)	-- Calls Bob Corker "little"
Filling in for @JohnKingCNN at noonET on Inside Politics, with a surprising amount of news to discuss for a Christmas Eve: Mattis, Mnuchin, markets, meltdown on the Hill and more. w/@margarettalev @seungminkim @shearm @burgessev
Trump tonight says Turkey will go after “whatever is left” of ISIS, when only a few days ago he said: “We have defeated ISIS in Syria, my only reason for being there during the Trump Presidency.” https://t.co/NWoQ4P6JPI
For all the people fired by Trump, he is rarely the one to deliver the message, leaving it to his subordinates to do so https://t.co/IAlUh6wPoE
A member of the Senate Banking Committee at a loss on Mnuchin‘s moves https://t.co/h3PWsU4PWn
Chief Justice pauses contempt order for mystery company in Mueller investigation	https://t.co/Nn507uEKYC
Day Two of shutdown coming to a close with little progress reported in the talks and growing expectations that this could last into the new year  https://t.co/PIfMS7AWww
Rand of course has an excuse, having done part of his education at Duke
When McConnell accidentally showed footage of Duke celebrating in a 2014 campaign ad, he was skewered and had to fix a mistake blamed on the vendor https://t.co/LdruPyJQfm
RT @jhseher: This is not accurate. 		https://t.co/54bHAiZLNw https://t.co/JAkd0udRVV
Corker responds to Trump https://t.co/MXUtRjnMNq
This is also not true.  “The president called Senator Corker on Monday afternoon and asked him to reconsider his decision not to seek reelection and reaffirmed that he would have endorsed him, as he has said many times,” Corker chief said in October 2017. https://t.co/5tdEbIXaS3 https://t.co/5MkNfDDtFM
Indeed Trump is pushing Mattis out, from @barbarastarrcnn: A source familiar with the matter said President Trump is mad at the extensive coverage given to James Mattis’ resignation and therefore is forcing him to leave earlier than he originally planned. https://t.co/Xfe106yy4y https://t.co/SrLMHU9kKc
Mattis had planned to stay until February, but Trump here seems to be pushing him out sooner https://t.co/gyazbBBcaL
There’s virtually no incentive for Democrats to give an inch to the WH with House about to flip in just 10 days and Congress out til Thursday. And with Trump prepared to let this drag out, both sides see this is going into 2019. https://t.co/r3XUJKGRwn
Pat Toomey says on NBC he will support a new defense secretary with a “more conventional” world view, in other words one who breaks from Trump on some key issues, adding this nomination will be “tough for me”
Schiff warns that he’s prepared to subpoena for the Mueller report if the Justice Department or WH seek to block its release. “That pretty much is a yes ... We ought to make sure this report is public,” he tells @jaketapper
The Senate overwhelmingly approved a joint resolution 10 days ago to condemn MBS for Khashoggi murder. But House GOP leaders have been silent on whether they'll bring it up in final days of Congress. If it were to pass, it would land on Trump's desk and put him in an awkward spot https://t.co/Hv0MKGdtnJ
"Technically, you and I both know that it cannot work exactly like that."		Wasn't exactly Trump's campaign pitch		https://t.co/sqHcMh3rgy
"I've not been heavily involved in this," Mick Mulvaney says on ABC about Trump decision to pull out of Syria (not many in administration have)
Corker says there's a "very important three months" on whether Trump WILL RUN AGAIN		"I think these next three months could well determine whether he runs again or not," Corker says of Trump		Asked by @jaketapper if he wants him to run, "It doesn't matter what I think or not"
"I'm saddened for our country for being so unreliable," Corker said of pulling out of Syria. 		"He did the right thing -- I don't look at that as grandstanding," Corker on Trump tweet saying U.S. envoy resigning in the aftermath of Syria move. Trump tweeted he was grandstanding
"This is a made-up fight so the president can look like he's fighting," Bob Corker tells @jaketapper of shutdown, saying that "no matter who wins" the border still won't be totally secure. "It has to be" just a campaign issue for Trump, he added.
RT @bpolitics: Every time the Fed raises rates, Trump’s payments on some $340 million in variable-rate loans go up https://t.co/j8pHHlADCB
It’s not the media that has revolted over Trump’s Syria move: It’s much of the GOP, his defense secretary who resigned over it and the US envoy involved in ISIS fight who also quit in protest https://t.co/4eAKOFdLEU
How far off are they from a deal to reopen government?  Pence, in Schumer’s office, continued to offer $2.5B for border security/the wall today as Schumer stood by the $1.3B that Dems have offered, sources tell @Phil_Mattingly and me. Both sides expect a prolonged shutdown
RT @JohnKingCNN: Not enough votes for #wall $$ so no #shutdown end in sight: #InsidePolitics 8aE @eschor @mkraju @shearm @jmartNYT https://…
Trump scraps Mar-a-Lago vacation https://t.co/15SSpq4zI8
Pelosi tells Ds in letter that shutdown likely last at least “several days.” “Until President Trump can publicly commit to a bipartisan resolution, there will be no agreement before January when the new House Democratic Majority will swiftly pass legislation to reopen government”
Shelby, who was at lunch with Trump, makes clear Trump’s position: “The President’s goal is to try to get enough money, as he explains to me, for securing the border. And he’s working around $5 billion, always was. One way or the other, you know?”	 	Per @sarahmucha
With the Senate not planning on returning until the 27th, that means the shutdown is poised to last at least six days, the longest of the three shutdowns in Trump’s presidency. And raises the likelihood it lasts at least until Jan. 3 when Dems take power in the House
Pence meeting with Schumer this afternoon, per @tedbarrettcnn, though no signs of any breakthrough
Trump invites the following to lunch over border security - none are top Democrats whose support he needs to open government: Mike Lee, Lindsey Graham, Richard Shelby,	Mark Meadows, Jim Jordan, Matt Gaetz, Andy Biggs
This doesn’t bode well for an agreement today - and another sign they’re nowhere near a deal to reopen government https://t.co/U0fLpNvdw6
“President Trump, if you want to open the government, you must abandon the wall - plain and simple,” Schumer said on floor
After Trump flip-flopped on short-term deal, McConnell has been making it as clear as possible that the way to a deal is between White House and Democrats - Hill Republicans are not a part of the talks https://t.co/qDVIRwgFla
McConnell aligning himself with Trump argument blaming Dems for shutdown over refusal to back billions more for border security. This after McConnell said repeatedly - including this week - there wouldn’t be shutdown and believed Trump would sign a short-term CR punting on issue
McConnell, opening Senate on Day One of shutdown, says the procedural agreement was made to “create space” to allow discussions between Senate Democrats and White House. McConnell says they’ve hit “the pause button” and won’t have votes until Trump and Ds reach deal to open govt
Another top official resigns in protest over Syria. Brett McGurk, the Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIS, submitted his resignation Friday because of Trump’s decision to pull US forces out of Syria, per @EliseLabott
Folks concerned about Bill Clinton talking to Loretta Lynch on the tarmac during HRC probe may want to look at this https://t.co/W6Igz1nZha
Dem leaders showing no signs of caving. Pelosi and Schumer call the wall “expensive” and “ineffective.” “If President Trump and Republicans choose to continue this Trump Shutdown, the new House Democratic majority will swiftly pass legislation to re-open government in January."
More than 420,000 government workers to work without pay, including 41,000 federal law enforcement and correctional officers.	Many Department of Homeland Security employees required to work without pay, including Customs agents. More than 380,000 fed employees on furlough https://t.co/UJLXXfRUuV
It’s midnight - and Congress and Trump have not agreed on a spending bill. Government agencies are now shut down. The last time there were three government shutdowns in the same year? 1977	9/30/1977	10/31/1977	11/30/1977
Here’s what happens when there’s a government shutdown in 15 minutes: https://t.co/OzpZaBALxP
First time in 40+ years the government will have shutdown three times in one year -- amid a day of confusion on both sides, and anger at Trump. "Americans are expecting that a Republican President, along with his Republican House and Senate, will have an end game," Murkowski said https://t.co/QUDbGwoDXN
House and Senate gone for the night; Pence is still in the Capitol as virtually every lawmaker has left. Shutdown imminent.
RT @RamCNN: Trump lashed out at Whitaker after explosive Cohen revelations https://t.co/oVcgMWde6c	(From @LauraAJarrett @PamelaBrownCNN)
McConnell, leaving for the night, said  “constructive talks are underway.”		Asked if he would be coming back to participate in the talks he said, “as I’ve said repeatedly.  We need Democratic votes and presidential signature.”		@tedbarrettcnn
Headed for the third shutdown of the Trump presidency in just a matter of hours. The House is out of session. The Senate won’t vote tonight, per John Cornyn. The question is how long it lasts.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said this just now when asked if he would bring a bill with $1.6B in border security money, as previously agreed to by Senate appropriators: “I’m not bringing any bill to the floor that does not have the support of the President.”
Kushner, Pence and Mulvaney just left Ryan’s office
Coons says there's a firm commitment in the Senate for 24 hours notice before any vote to reopen the government after a midnight shutdown, per @tedbarrettcnn
RT @jeremyherb: NEW: The FBI is pushing back against a Christmas Eve deadline from Judiciary Chair Goodlatte for reviewing interview transc…
Walking from the Senate side to the House side, Rep. Mark Meadows said  bringing up $1.6B agreed to by Senate appropriators wouldn’t fly with him.	 	 “1.6B in terms of where we were two weeks ago is not acceptable”	 	@KilloughCNN @sophie_tatum
What this means then is that unless there’s an agreement by unanimous consent, there would be a partial government shutdown at midnight, heading into the weekend.
Cornyn told @BresPolitico and me that the negotiation will continue though the night. “There’s not going to be a vote tonight.” I asked him if we could take that to the bank, he said: “You could take it to the bank.”
Expect a long night of talks. Cornyn said he thinks a deal could come together “within hours,” suggested $1.6B for border security as agreed to by Senate appropriators
Who missed the vote to proceed to House bill?	Hatch 	Heller	Isakson	Kyl	Paul	Feinstein
The senators basically just agreed to continue talking and negotiating. Had they not have voted to proceed, there would have been no obvious legislative vehicle. And it would have kicked a short-term CR back to the House to consider. Jones, Flake, Corker all voted yes https://t.co/I4DTYXXESk
McConnell: Senate voted to proceed “in order to maintain maximum flexibility” to cut a deal on funding at a later time. That’s why the Senate voted to take up the House-passed bill. But there is NO agreement on funding. $5B in wall funding has no chance of passage
Schumer and McConnell are on the floor. #thingsarehappening
Asked if she believes Trump is providing steady leadership, Murkowski paused for a few seconds and cited Mattis, Syria and added: "We were told initially - or we were certainly led to believe - that if a short-term CR was advanced that he’d be supportive of it...That concerns me”
Murkowski: “People are expecting, Americans are expecting that a Republican President, along with his Republican House and Senate will have an end game, will have a path forward for us as we are just hours away from a government shutdown.”
Lisa Murkowski told me she’s frustrated with Trump’s handling of the shutdown fight - and expressed her concerns to him at the WH. https://t.co/a6DAbmWI4o
RT @burgessev: .@mkraju is on fire today. He's over it. 		"Who cares, you're leaving in a few days," he implores Corker to read out the dea…
“It’s an agreement ... as to how if we were to get on the bill what next will happen,” Corker said, declining to give us more details. Asked if the president is on board with this, Corker told me: “He’s very aware of what’s happening.”
It’s not clear if this will avoid the shutdown and he refused to give details.		Corker expects the leaders to make an announcement within 30 minutes.		Trump is “very aware of what is happening,” Corker said.
Corker says McConnell and Schumer about to come to floor to discuss a “process” to potentially avoid a shutdown. He just left McConnell’s office.		He made it very clear that this is not an agreement about funding levels. But it will be a discussion to “chart the course forward”
Pence leaves the Senate, walking towards the House
Senate vote now has been held open for three hours and stuck at 44-46, short of majority to even take up the House bill that would give Trump $5 billion for the wall. And well short of the 60 needed to ultimately break a filibuster and pass a bill. Some senators still flying back
RT @PhilipRucker: Lordy did @KFILE find a tape -- Mick Mulvaney, Trump's new White House chief of staff, said during the campaign that Trum…
"We're pretty much flying here without an instruction." 		That's how Sen. Roy Blunt described shutdown situation to me.		But a number of GOP senators are frustrated that Trump has not told them what he would sign to keep government open, leading to tense meetings earlier today https://t.co/I4IaohHM7y
What’s really angering GOP senators is that Trump wouldn’t even say he would get behind the $1.6 billion in border security, which was the president’s initial request and agreed to by Senate appropriators of both parties, per three senators
At closed-door lunch, GOP senators were frustrated Trump has NOT told senators what exactly he would sign, according to multiple sources. 		McConnell made clear to senators that Trump didn’t provide any sense at WH.		“He didn’t say because he didn’t know,” one GOP senator said.
Shelby said Trump "didn't say" if he would accept $1.6 billion in border security money, as was agreed to be Senate appropriators on a bipartisan basis.		"Short of any big intervention or breakthrough, we are headed to a shutdown."		https://t.co/RwTny5f0mq
Asked if Trump showed any sign of accepting a CR without a wall, Shelby said: "No. He hadn't shown that."	Shelby said Trump "didn't say" if he would accept $1.6 billion in border security money, as was agreed to be Senate appropriators on a bipartisan basis.
A source familiar with meeting between Trump and Senate Rs told me “it did not go well” because Trump had no endgame	"He dug in. But doesn’t have a plan, offered no numbers.” Trump also tried to get Rs to go nuclear to change filibuster rules, but McConell said it wouldn’t happen
Vote is being held open as senators return to Washington. Most had left town after getting assurances Trump would sign the CR they passed by voice vote Wednesday night https://t.co/UAdqMFN2v8
This is the sentiment on Capitol Hill right now https://t.co/plChSFlINb
Just asked Lisa Murkowski about the WH meeting and whether Trump dug in on wall funding. “He’s very insistent on border security.”
Corker told reporters just now that he was told they are going to hold the vote open for a while to wait for senators to rerun from the Midwest		GOP going to discuss next steps at lunch. 		He hasn’t voted yet and is non-committal if he will vote to proceed
Asked Sen. Cornyn why he said Trump would sign the clean CR after lunch meeting with Pence. 		“That was my belief at the time based on all the representations made. ... that was my overwhelming impression at the time. I can’t remember his precise words,” he said of Pence.
Susan Collins voted to proceed to the bill
"We're going to have some discussion here this afternoon. I want to avoid a shutdown.That's my bottom line.I want to get all of the appropriations bills done. I want to finish our work in a way that doesn't disrupt the operations of government,” Murkowski to @jeremyherb after mtg
RT @burgessev: Cornyn: “I’m not going to tell you all of our secret plans”		@mkraju: "Is it because you’re making it up as you go?"		Cornyn…
Senate now voting to take up House-passed bill, needs simple majority to begin debate. Even if they get 50, they won’t have enough to end debate, which requires 60 votes
McConnell giving floor remarks exactly what Trump wants to hear, demanding passage of billions for the wall and border security.
McConnell tells reporters: GOP senators had a “good conversation” with Trump and “we are going to continue to be talking about a way forward”	Shelby says if there’s a shutdown, it will be on Democrats
Sen. Bob Corker warns of “tyranny” on President Trump’s handling of shutdown and the events of the last 24 hours.		“Do we succumb to tyranny of radio talk show hosts?” Corker told us on Hill		“We have two talk radio hosts who influenced the president - that’s tyranny isn’t it?”
"They had a deal," Mark Sanford told me about McConnell and Trump. "The President  completely reversed himself on that deal and now he’s going off in a different direction. That kind of back and forth is at odds  with the kind of stability that our country has usually stood for."
Senators summoned to meet Trump having a tough time getting in. “Things are so chaotic at the White House that some Republican senators can’t get in because Secret Service didn’t even have time to clear them (or the staff who is driving them there!),” source tells @tedbarrettcnn
More GOP opposition to changing the rules as Trump demands. Lamar Alexander: “I want to put a stop to this practice of the Senate breaking its rules to change its rules. I will not vote to turn the Senate into a rule-breaking institution and I hope that my colleagues will not.” https://t.co/p7zAhFVl8z
Yet another example of how McConnell wouldn’t be successful in getting the votes to use the nuclear option on legislation - even if he wanted to, which he doesn’t https://t.co/TONlOgilAp
McConnell and other Republicans headed to 1030am WH meeting with Trump. Big question: Can they convince him to accept a short-term, stop-gap bill with no wall money once the Senate rejects the House bill?
Exact words out of Putin’s mouth this week: “If the decision to withdraw was made, then it is a correct one.” https://t.co/lzND4hnvOI
On top of this, McConnell wouldn’t even get 50 votes to change the rules because a number of Republicans are opposed to going nuclear on legislation. Trump can float it but it’s not going to happen now https://t.co/CWn2blZ71I
Trump on Dec. 11 to Dem leaders: “I will take the mantle ... I’m not going to blame you for it... The last time you shut it down, it didn’t work. I will take the mantle of shutting down, and I’m going to shut it down for border security.” https://t.co/XEGWkGNeV3
RT @LauraAJarrett: .@jeremyherb has obtained the letter from DOJ to Congress tonight on Acting AG Whitaker’s non-recusal situation; adds re…
Senate tomorrow expected to hold vote on whether to take up House funding bill with wall money, which needs 50 yes votes. With absences and frustration with Trump, both sides skeptical it’ll get 50. But if they get on bill, they’ll need 60 to break filibuster, which won’t happen
Ryan scrapped a press conference today and didn’t answer questions in the hallway, as is his policy, but he wouldn’t respond when reporters asked if he was OK doing what Trump told him to do on the funding bill or his thoughts on his speakership ending in a shutdown https://t.co/CJ9DkbpXK4
DOJ tells Hill ethics officials said Whitaker “should recuse himself from supervision of the Special Counsel investigation because it was their view that a reasonable person with knowledge of the relevant facts likely would question the impartiality.” https://t.co/rGLKA8hxxW
Pretty strong statement for McConnell on Mattis. “I am particularly distressed that he is due to sharp differences with the president on these and other key aspects of America’s global leadership. 		“It is regrettable that the president must now choose a new Secretary of Defense” https://t.co/ME5aMnRtGU
McCarthy told reporters Trump “made clear” he would not sign a bill to keep govt open without border money		“The House has passed a bill, the Senate has passed a bill, and now we have to find where common ground lies,” McCarthy said when asked if he would put a clean CR on floor
House passes bill to keep government open with $5B for Trump’s wall by a vote of 217-185.	 	Eight Republicans voted against the bill, which the Senate will reject
House moving to pass Trump-backed funding bill, key GOP swing votes flipping towards leadership. Costello and Coffman both voted for it.
Meadows said that if there’s a shutdown he believes pressure will build on Schumer to cut a deal on border security. Trump seems to agree.
I asked Meadows if he believes Senate bill would pass after House bill fails.		“It is possibility it gets put on the floor” of House. “It’s not a possibility it gets signed it to law. ... He made that very clear today.”
Mark Meadows told me that - after the WH meeting - he come away with the impression that Trump won’t cave - even after the Senate very likely rejects the bill now before the House.
Just asked Pelosi about her comments about being "shaken" by Mattis resignation		"This is very serious for our country," she said. "There is something very wrong with this picture"		"This week was one of the most chaotic weeks we've ever seen in American government," Schumer said https://t.co/p8814PbIXW
Big House vote coming up in minutes to give $5 billion for Trump’s wall. GOP leaders tell us they are confident they have votes in House. Pelosi seemed to acknowledge this bill could pass House. But Schumer says the bill will fail in the Senate, something both sides acknowledge.
Schumer says “everyone knows” House funding bill won’t pass Senate
Today’s events, Schumer says, shows Trump is “plunging the country into chaos”
Nancy Pelosi reacts to Mattis resignation: “I’m sad. I’m shaken by it. I had so much respect for him,” she told us in the Capitol. She said that she read his “beautiful letter”
On a party-line vote, House narrowly passes rule governing funding bill, 221-179. Key vote on bill in about an hour
Dem Rep. John Garamendi had a two-word comment when I told him about Mattis leaving: “Oh shit.”
Kevin McCarthy expresses confidence that the House will pass GOP funding bill  tonight. Asked what will happen if Senate blocks it, McCarthy suggested they would have to negotiate a middle ground. “This works on every bill that we do.”
Mattis objected to Trump’s decision to remove troops from Syria, that is
Mattis objected to Trump’s decision to remove troops. Also, Corker once said that only three people are separating US from “chaos:” Tillerson, Kelly and Mattis. They’ll all soon be gone. https://t.co/2PTdffAsl7
First test for Trump’s push to add $5 billion for the wall about to come momentarily where the House will vote on the rule governing floor debate of the funding bill. Either way, the final vote on the funding bill will be close in House and has no chance in Senate
A federal judge sentenced former Senate Intelligence Committee staffer James Wolfe to two months prison Thursday, following a guilty plea in October for lying to the FBI about media contacts, @EliBWatkins reports
McConnell returned to Capitol from WH and would not directly answer several questions about what he thinks Trump will do or if he discussed the spending standoff with the President while there for the farm bill signing. Roy Blunt told @tedbarrettcnn Friday Senate vote possible
Then, more GOP members spoke out against it in the conference meeting, Trump called Ryan and expressed his concerns. Ryan then huddled with GOP leaders and looked to find a way to vote on $5 billion. Trump then issued his veto threat at the WH meeting. 		And here we are.
Amazing how quickly things shifted today. At start of GOP meeting this AM, members came out saying it was clear Trump would sign CR based on what leaders were saying	 	Asked Chris Collins if there was "any doubt" Trump will sign it?	 	Rep. Collins: No there is no doubt at all
Republicans perplexed at Trump's handling of shutdown fight as House GOP scrambles to try to pass $5B for wall, along with disaster aid, tonight. But both Dems and Republicans don't know if they have the votes in the House. And even if it passes House, the Senate will block it. https://t.co/5QdBP8hOu6
Some House Rs are angry that Trump has given no clarity on what he would sign - and at their leadership for heeding to Trump’s demands.		“So what if this puts him in a tough spot,” one GOP member said of passing a clean CR. 		Other members echo that sentiment.
She plans to vote against the $5B for the wall.
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, who is retiring, says: “I’m going out with a bang with the chaos, uncertainty and the drama that I have come to know and expect out of Congress ... Just to expect anything other than unpredictability out of President Trump is foolish.”
“This is not a good situation,” Pat Roberts said, adding 90 percent of the Senate has already left https://t.co/t5tgmF7Zmd
Carlos Curbelo, whose loss Trump ridiculed, will oppose $5B for wall. Other Rs also are expected to vote no.		Curbelo criticized leaders for listening “to the extremes.” Asked if leaders communicated next plan to them after $5B fails, Curbelo said: “I don’t think they have one.”
Most senators have already left town. So this means the only option to avoid a shutdown is one that everyone in Senate will accept is the one Trump says he won’t sign https://t.co/fjifgvMN3p
Susan Collins almost dropped her handbag as she gestured disbelief at word, delivered to her by reporters, that Trump would not sign the continuing resolution unless border wall money was added.	 	“Did he just say that?  Ugh, are you ruining my life,” she asked? 	 @tedbarrettcnn
Roughy 40 House members from both parties have missed votes in this latest series of votes, adding another complication to the last-ditch scramble to pass a funding bill with Trump’s wall money.
Warner also wants DOJ to explain to SSCI who they can interview. They haven’t gotten a “firm” answer. “We have worked with the Mueller investigation on a regular basis. .. I do think that it’s important that the Department of Justice officials will come up and talk” to committee
On Whitaker not recusing, Warner says Dems have demanded answers but haven’t gotten answers back yet: “We need to hear an answer on that. I find that very troubling as well, but we see this constant pattern.“
Warner: “It appears that the number one qualification Trump is looking for in an AG is someone that will try to undermine the Mueller investigation.”
The question is what do they do after it fails, and Republican leaders aren’t sure yet. I just asked Mark Meadows what happens if this bill for wall money fails in the Senate, and he said: “I don’t know - I’m not in the Senate.”
House GOP is putting together a bill to give Trump his $5 billion in wall money and adding disaster relief money to keep government funded past Friday. This could be voted on today.		It’s uncertain it will pass the House and it has NO chance in the Senate.
WH signaled yesterday Trump would sign bill. Cornyn emerged from a lunch with Vice President Mike Pence and told me that President Trump will sign a clean CR.	“He will sign a clean CR,” Cornyn said yesterday https://t.co/hJ5hCIoLCC
Paul Ryan says Trump “won’t sign this bill,” referring to a Senate-passed stop-gap spending bill to avoid a shutdown by Friday. Shutdown now appears far more likely. Trump had signaled to Hill earlier he would sign
Mark Warner, top Dem on Senate Intel, tells me that Trump should withdraw William Barr's nomination as attorney general after memo surfaced showing his concerns about Mueller probe. Warner also criticizes Whitaker move not recuse. And he discusses Senate Intel work w/Mueller team https://t.co/5FAsgU13lX
RT @CNNnewsroom: Trump seems unwilling to back down from  the border wall fight reports @mkraju, adding that it's "uncertain how congress i…
Trump squeamish about signing CR, sending Hill into a tailspin. Meeting House Rs at noon. Sanders: “At this moment, the President does not want to go further without border security, which includes steel slats or a wall. The President is continuing to weigh his options”
House GOP may add more money on the clean stop-gap measure that passed the Senate. Among the items under consideration, more wall money and more disaster aid, Republican leaders tell us		Of course doing so would complicate passage in Senate and would raise prospects of shutdown
This comment comes after he spoke with Paul Ryan. Ryan is 30 minutes late to his press conference https://t.co/296J63YKB3
House Intel votes to release the Roger Stone transcript and send to Robert Mueller, according to Mike Conaway, who said the vote was unanimous https://t.co/omqNtFamCa
Ryan presser was supposed to start at 10am. ... But it hasn’t yet started because Ryan took a call from Trump in conference meeting.
Rep. Mike Conaway told me special counsel Robert Mueller made a request for a transcript and that he would vote to release the transcript to Mueller today.
Matt Whitaker has consulted with ethics officials at the Justice Department and they have advised him he does not need to recuse himself from overseeing special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation, ⁦@LauraAJarrett⁩ reports  https://t.co/IzHUvLr4ir
Rep. Chris Collins, a New York Republican, told us that at a closed-door meeting Speaker Paul Ryan indicated that he expected the CR to pass and Trump to sign it. He said there was no doubt Trump would sign it.
Putin said this today: “If the decision to withdraw was made, then it is a correct one.” https://t.co/32rY9LQYKr
RT @NickMiroff: “Tight?” Arrests along the border last month reached the highest level of Trump’s presidency, with record numbers of famili…
Trump has been getting a lot of pressure from his right, including Freedom Caucus, to veto CR, which would lead to a partial shutdown. It’s not clear if he means he won’t sign “their” legislation if he’s referring to the CR, or if he will sign the CR and is warning about later https://t.co/aMj22Sv1qJ
RT @jimsciutto: Breaking: Russian President Vladimir Putin says he agrees with President Trump on ISIS defeat, Syria withdrawal. At his ann…
"Mueller should not be able to demand that the President submit to an interrogation about alleged obstruction," Barr wrote. "If embraced by the Department, this theory would have potentially disastrous implications” for the presidency, exec branch and DOJ https://t.co/PZHh4GHYwo
End of the 115th Congress - sine die - very very near https://t.co/2rs2yUyKNP
Cory Gardner now yelling at Mike Lee on the floor, saying, “I’m pretty doggone upset” that he blocked a vote, slamming his hand on the desk https://t.co/w8ktk9OB80
This after Mike Lee objected on the floor, scuttling effort by senators to push lands package through in final days of the Congress. He says Utah is treated unfairly in measure. Senators and House members had been negotiating all day on this, but any one senator can block action https://t.co/ARKi4NRf7i
Senate passes stop-gap resolution by voice vote, keeping government open til Feb. 8. McConnell says Senate will be in session tomorrow to see what House does with the measure
The Senate‘s presiding officer, Jeff Flake, said “Rudolph” voted “present”
New letter - signed by Lindsey Graham, Jeanne Shaheen, Joni Ernst, Angus King, Tom Cotton and Marco Rubio - to Trump demanding he “reconsider” Syria move. “The withdrawal of American presence from Syria also bolsters two other adversaries to the United States, Iran and Russia.”
Signs Senate about to close up shop for year. They are voting to request presence of absent senators, then McConnell expected to try clear CR to keep government open til Feb. 8. Other unfinished items will likely clear before senators head home. But any one senator can object
RT @RyanCostello: Confirmed https://t.co/1VYSOsARkg
Republicans on House Intel, including Mike Conaway, tell us they are ready to vote Thursday to release the Roger Stone transcript to the special counsel, assuming Mueller made the request, as the Post reports he did. That raises the legal stakes for Stone https://t.co/omqNtFrY0K
House members furious at Thomas Massie right now. Several have expressed their displeasure to him.	He’s making them take many roll call votes - rather than quick voice votes -as a way to protest GOP leaders denying vote on resolution to pull US support from Saudi-led war in Yemen
“We’ll let you know,” McConnell told reporters when asked if there would be a vote on CR tonight.		Asked if they had resolved the snag over lands package, McConnell told me:  “We’ll be in touch.”		He also walked in silence when asked if Trump has told him if he would sign the CR
Giuliani is the president’s attorney and spokesman on highly sensitive issues involving the special counsel https://t.co/UgNyWz76JC
What's taking so long to pass a short-term CR to keep government afloat? Senators see the last train leaving the station and are looking for their initiatives to hitch a ride -- namely a major lands package pushed by Western senators. https://t.co/hY1FTIurLC
John Cornyn to me on Flynn being 'ambushed." "The idea that he somehow did not know that it was against the law to lie to the FBI is not credible, in my view."		 https://t.co/HC04OXunfd
Remarkable to cancel on a chairman of a Senate committee who was at the WH for a scheduled meeting when Trump didn’t have anything on his schedule til an evening Christmas party. Seems Corker’s criticism of late - over Saudi Arabia and now Syria - got under Trump’s skin https://t.co/aGyrgoxgDx
Corker said his planned meeting with Trump was canceled
In final days, House Rs say Lynch sheds light on Comey decision to not prosecute HRC. “We’re finding some very interesting things about his feeling that he didn't have to inform her before, during or after he made the decision not to prosecute,” Issa said https://t.co/5JyrBQ0odq
After WH meeting, Corker on Trump pulling out of Syria. "I've never seen a decision like this" in 12 years in the Senate over a "massive decision" ... "where nothing is communicated in advance. .. For all involved, this was a major shock...It's obviously a political decision. "
John Cornyn, No. 2 Senate Republican, told me Trump made a "mistake" by blindsiding Hill on Syria move, warning of the impact of withdrawing from Syria. I also asked him if Pence was involved in this decision, and Cornyn said it was clear that Pence was delivering Trump's message https://t.co/90YamZbaUn
RT @MariannaNBCNews: The anti-lynching bill spearheaded by Sens. Harris, Booker &amp; Scott just passed the Senate by unanimous consent. 		The…
CORKER told me GOP senators are giving Pence an “earful” about Syria in lunch right now.		“It doesn’t feel to me there was any interagency process” in deciding to pull out.		“I’m not sure even the principles knew,” referring to agency heads, adding Trump just “woke up” and did it
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn emerged from a lunch with GOP senators and with Vice President Mike Pence and told me that President Trump will sign a stop-gap to keep government open.	“He will sign a clean CR,” he said
Trump allies urging the president and Republicans to dig in and fight the last train leaving the station: A short-term CR to keep government open til Feb. 8 https://t.co/BB4ui0k0Uf
Sens disagree w/WH that FBI 'ambushed' Flynn	Graham: "I've got concerns about the way the interview was conducted, but he plead guilty and his plea was accepted, so in that regard there’s no ambush"	Kennedy: "I don't believe he was tricked"	Johnson: "I would take his word for it'
Graham: “If this decision is a withdrawal of all of our forces in Syria, now, we’re dramatically less-safe. ...... This is the role of the Congress. To make administrations explain their policy, not in a tweet, but before Congress answering questions.”
Lindsey Graham believes Trump made a huge error in Syria and it will make country less safe 		He told us he is also “annoyed” that he’s just learning about this now, vowing “aggressive” oversight of the move and saying he was meeting with Mattis TODAY on topic
Flake and Coons going to go back to the floor this afternoon to try to force a vote on bill to protect special counsel - but GOP leaders will block it and prevent it from getting a vote
Marco Rubio railed on the president’s decision to pull out of Syria, saying whoever advised him has done a “great disservice” to the country. He said to us that Trump has put the US at risk by his decision - and it will make the world view America as an unreliable partner.
Lindsey Graham on Trump’s Syria move: “If these media reports are true, it will be an Obama-like mistake made by the Trump Administration. While American patience in confronting radical Islam may wane, the radical Islamists’ passion to kill Americans and our allies never wavers.”
McConnell just said he wants a vote “later today” on measure to keep government until Feb. 8 https://t.co/SQ9cyOcxkF
Loretta Lynch arrives for an interview with House GOP-led investigation into FBI actions in 2016. GOP expected to press her about decision not to prosecute Hillary Clinton. She’s likely the final witness as part of this inquiry, which Nadler vows to end when he becomes chairman
RT @Phil_Mattingly: US preparing for 'full' and 'rapid' withdrawal from Syria, via @barbarastarrcnn @rabrowne75 https://t.co/8aWUAITIk3
Trump signaling he’s going to back down after vowing to own a shutdown over the wall and border security. Senators drafting a CR til Feb. 8, and Trump hasn’t said he would sign it - but lawmakers believe he will agree to punt https://t.co/KBANpA6hkV
Rudy on Sunday: "It was a real estate project. There was a letter of intent to go forward, but no one signed it.” Turns out that Trump did sign the October 2015 letter for the Trump Tower Moscow project, according to a copy of it  https://t.co/g9JBo7hF6E
Judge Emmet Sullivan's blistering rebuke of Michael Flynn today reminded me of covering the Ted Stevens trial in 2008, when he delivered tongue lashing after tongue lashing of DOJ's handling of the case. He's a no-nonsense judge. Here's one example of that https://t.co/EiK75dHII6
RT @jeremyherb: Full rundown of the Comey transcript, where he was pressed on the FBI's Flynn interview a day before it became a major part…
RT @RalstonReports: History. https://t.co/KFQ9jxHFTP
RT @ElizLanders: A richly reported piece by my colleagues @JDiamond1 &amp; @arogDC (and yes, they spoke with Kim Kardashian and a slew of membe…
Zinke not out of woods yet. “He’s got serious problems that he has to deal with in terms of the investigations, in terms of the oversight our committee is going to do," Raul Grijalva, incoming chairman of House Natural Resources, told ⁦@ErinBurnett⁩  https://t.co/wed2bdUjrE
Senators drafting stop-gap resolution to keep government afloat until Feb. 8, postponing shutdown fight until right before my birthday (assuming Trump signs it, which senators do expect.) Expect this to move across Capitol like a laser as lawmakers look to bolt town for Christmas
Here are the no votes. https://t.co/WPlx8rJv4P
87-12, Senate passes major overhaul of criminal justice system, kicking it over to the House for final action
RT @ShimonPro: Judge Emmet Sullivan ordered Michael Flynn to stay within 50 miles of Washington and surrender his passport. He is imposing…
Key passages from today where Flynn says he was aware lying to FBI is a crime before his interview. And Flynn lawyer saying he was NOT entrapped by FBI and that his rights were not violated bc his attorney wasn’t present at time. WH claims he was “ambushed” - but Flynn disagrees https://t.co/KUKO4mLhtx
Senate to pass criminal justice overhaul tonight; still unclear how funding fight to avert shutdown will be resolved
Not a yes or no https://t.co/3Wk7OnuCG9
@StevenTDennis Every Thursday at 1:45pm
Comey: Had FBI announced Trump wasn't under investigation, then "if at any point he became under investigation, which has happened -- in this case, as I understand it, special counsel has told Mr. Trump he is the subject of their investigation -- we would" have to correct record
The council said that the complaints -- the first of which were referred by Chief Justice John Roberts on October 10 -- could not be acted on because Kavanaugh, as a justice, is no longer covered by the judiciary's misconduct rules. ⁦@JoanBiskupic⁩  https://t.co/4sV5PWiRbG
Comey on why FBI didn't warn Flynn about lying 	1) He said McCabe told him subject matter of intvw and that he could have a WH counsel rep there	2) "It's not protocol"	3) "You want to find out what the witness will say to you before ... raising the prospect" witness may be lying
Comey won’t answer if the FBI had reason to believe in July 2016 that then-presidential candidate Trump himself was “working with Russia to influence the election.”	 	“I can't answer that. Yeah, I can't answer that.” h/t @LauraAJarrett
Comey, pressed by Gowdy on why FBI was interviewing Flynn just because he lied to VP about his interactions with Russians, said: “Because one of the FBI's jobs is to understand the efforts of foreign adversaries to influence, coerce, corrupt the Government of the United States.“
House GOP chairmen release 173-page transcript from yesterday’s interview with James Comey. https://t.co/hzqjz9TZq7
Sarah Sanders today: “We don’t have any reason to walk that back,” disputing what Flynn’s attorney said in court - that he was NOT entrapped - by citing Comey’s comments that he made the decision to send FBI agents in to interview Flynn. Comey calls that criticism “nonsense” https://t.co/NXM0O1PZwE
"It's something we would very seriously consider," Schumer sounding open to a short-term CR. 		At this point, the only question is if Trump signs off on it and it's probably only way to avoid a shutdown. If he does, Senate and House can quickly pass something to keep govt afloat.
GOP and Democratic senators, emerging from private lunches, make it clear they believe the only way to avoid a shut down is to pass a short-term CR to keep government open until early next year. Just asked Richard Shelby about a short-term deal, he said it's "looking toward that" https://t.co/43lQJ8RF49
“Not when it comes to things that pertain to the president,” 	 Sanders when asked if Trump is concerned that Flynn lied to the FBI and worked for a foreign government without disclosing. Pressed by @jdawsey1, she says: “There’s certainly concern” but “we’ll let the courts decide”
“No,” Sarah Sanders says when asked if she would amend her statement that Flynn was “ambushed” by the FBI, even though Flynn and his attorneys said in court today he was not entrapped in his interview when he lied to the FBI and was aware he lied
Stunning turn of events for the president’s former national security adviser https://t.co/FklpjxuQSr
After the Senate passed a joint resolution last week condemning MBS for the Jamal Khashoggi murder, House GOP leaders have been mum on whether they would take up that measure this week. If they did pass it, it would land on President Trump’s desk and put him in an awkward spot.
Bob Corker, the Senate Foreign Relations chairman, just told me he spoke with Speaker Paul Ryan on Friday and said that Ryan indicated to him he “would be interested in speaking to the topic” of condemning MBS as the Senate did with a resolution last week.
With Flynn still willing to cooperate, another sign the Mueller probe continues to proceed https://t.co/a7kUpyz2RH https://t.co/4f2J7u5OyC
Judge Sullivan says it is fine to delay Flynn's sentencing and proceed by having both sides update the judge on Flynn's case in March, per @kpolantz
Pelosi emerges from closed-door meeting with Schumer and formally rejects the WH offer, raising new doubts about getting a deal to avoid shutdown https://t.co/lEO4ZEMWmi
Democrats not happy with the latest Trump move to avert shutdown. A senior Democratic aide said it includes a $1B “slush fund” for Trump’s immigration priorities. “Not going to fly with Democrats,” aide said
RT @kpolantz: This Flynn hearing is NOT going the way it was expected by either Mueller's team or the defense. Judge Emmet Sullivan asked i…
As Trump's first national security adviser awaits sentencing - after the judge said he "arguably sold your country out" - the president's foundation agrees to dissolve because he and his children violated campaign finance laws and abused tax-exempt status https://t.co/gGxJiWgj5q
Just asked Richard Shelby, the Senate Approps chairman, if he's more confident now that there won't be a shutdown by week's end. "Maybe, maybe not. It maybe more fluid than they were a week ago. We've got a lot of parties involved. And we got to thread the needle."
Judge Sullivan asks if Flynn's conduct "rises to the level of treasonous activity?"	 	Brandon Van Grack, speaking for special counsel,  says prosecutors did not consider charging Flynn with treason.	 	Sullivan asks again: "Could he have been charged with treason?” Per	 @kpolantz
RT @evanperez: Judge Sullivan tells Flynn that serving as unregistered agent of a foreign country while serving as National Security Advise…
Some on Hill downplaying impact of a shutdown given that most of government has been funded, though some 400,000 workers could be affected.		“I think most people are not going to notice it if this occurs for some period of time,” Pat Toomey told me
RT @stevenportnoy: SULLIVAN WARNS FLYNN OF A PRISON SENTENCE: 		"You were an unregistered agent of a foreign country while serving as the N…
Mueller’s team makes clear that Flynn STILL may cooperate with probe. Prosecutor Brandon Van Grack says "it remains a possibility that General Flynn is continuing to cooperate with the government."
Trump and some of his allies have downplayed Flynn’s lies to the FBI, but Judge Sullivan said:  “A high-ranking official of the government" making false statements in the White House is a "very serious offense.”	 https://t.co/a7kUpyz2RH
Schumer, leaving McConnell’s office, says he hasn’t heard a “peep” from the White House but is waiting to see details about funding agreement to avoid shutdown. “We are talking and it was very broad and we are waiting to see details,” per @tedbarrettcnn
With Sarah Sanders holding a rare press briefing today, it will be interesting to hear how she attempts to square Trump’s allegation that Flynn was entrapped by the FBI with Flynn’s own words that he wasn’t https://t.co/6mSkH1FxJN
Judge Sullivan asks Flynn's attorney Stephen Anthony if Flynn was "entrapped by the FBI." Anthony says, "No, your honor." Per @kpolantz
NEWS: Michael Flynn just deflated Trump’s contention that he was duped into lying to FBI. "I was aware" that lying to FBI investigators was a crime when he did so over interactions with Russians, Flynn tells judge 	 	"I do not" seek to withdraw the plea, Flynn tells the judge.
This is a big reversal for WH and sign a shutdown may be avoided. This is incidentally what GOP lawmakers have been saying to WH for weeks. There are other ways to get border security money, including using unspent money. The question is if Trump will agree to $1.6 billion https://t.co/8iZ4S2Nhxh
As he departed Capitol, I caught up with Jeff Sessions, who didn’t want to engage on his decision to recuse from Russia probe. But I asked him about Trump saying Sessions should be “ashamed of himself” for recusing, and he said: “The president always says what he wants.”
RT @CNNnewsroom: A government shutdown could happen in 4 days — but there still seems to be no plan to avert it. @mkraju reports. https://t…
Also known as Tuesday https://t.co/jyQ5XsU7T2
It’s still not entirely clear why Flynn lied about his interactions with Russians https://t.co/uiacFjQxXi
Asked if Trump would sign a short-term measure to punt the fight into January, Cornyn was still at a loss.		"I've heard that mentioned," Cornyn said of a short-term funding bill. "But I don't know if the President would sign it." https://t.co/Wf7qDVZuiO
RT @jimsciutto: This FBI memo effectively buries the “perjury trap” defense for Michael Flynn. He twice lied about conversations with the R…
RT @ElizLanders: Relevant yet again https://t.co/flmz0ZPfP3
I asked @Comey today to respond to criticism that the FBI interview of Flynn was not done properly. “Oh come on. Think about what’s happening in the Republican Party. They’re up here attacking the FBI’s investigation of a guy who pled guilty to lying to the FBI...That’s nonsense”
GOP at a loss over Trump's plans to avoid shutdown. "I don't know of a specific plan yet," Cornyn said after McConnell mtg. "I really don't know, and I don't think anyone does," said one GOP senator of Trump's thinking. w/ @Phil_Mattingly @tedbarrettcnn https://t.co/BM7saByj0p
RT @jimsciutto: !!: “Flynn again stated that he appreciated the interviewing agents reminding him that he had another conversation with Kis…
82-12, Senate overwhelmingly opens debate on a bill to overhaul criminal justice system
Trump has left GOP leaders in the dark about the next steps to avoid a shutdown. Republicans assembled in McConnell’s office for an evening meeting had no idea what he would sign, including short-term CR, according to attendee.		“I don’t know of a specific plan yet,” Cornyn said
RT @jaketapper: Comey unleashes on Trump, GOP over attacks on FBI https://t.co/czK8c3ZEbx @mkraju reports @TheLeadCNN
Senate Republicans are prepared to go first before the House to fund the government beyond the Dec. 21 deadline, two sources familiar with the strategy say. Short-term CR for DHS may be only option but waiting for Trump sign off. w/@Phil_Mattingly @tedbarrettcnn
RT @CNNSitRoom: Former FBI Director James Comey appeared before a closed door meeting of GOP-led congressional panels for the 2nd time in 1…
Comey told lawmakers he made right call not to announce Trump wasn’t under investigation as Trump wanted him to do, per source. Comey was concerned situation could change. And he said - based on public reporting - it appears Trump is under investigation  https://t.co/ETBqwzLjKR
Comey presser: He goes after Trump and GOP for staying quiet: "We have to stop being numb to it, whether you're a Republican or a Democrat, stand on your feet, overcome your shame and say something"	He also defended Flynn interview and wouldn't express confidence in Matt Whitaker https://t.co/NfMMrQr78g
Facing reporters, Comey also defended how FBI questioned Flynn	- he defended not informing Sally Yates of Flynn interview, saying had he done so, it would have fed criticism that Obama holdover had green lighted intvw	- he said he bears no blame for FBI reputation taking a hit https://t.co/NWRBAYdhcH
Should say: Just *asked* Comey about Trump calling Cohen a rat. “This is the president of the United States calling a witness who cooperated with his own Justice Department ‘a rat.’ Say that again to yourself at home and remind yourself where we have ended up,” he said
Just about Comey Trump calling Michael Cohen a “rat.” “This is the president of the United States calling a witness who cooperated with his own Justice Department ‘a rat.’ Say that again to yourself at home and remind yourself where we have ended up.“
RT @CNNnewsroom: CNN’s @mkraju: “Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker — do you have confidence in him?”		Former FBI Director James Comey:…
RT @kaitlancollins: "Do you have confidence in the acting attorney general, Matt Whitaker?" @mkraju asks. "No comment," Comey says.
Trump wanted Lamar! to run for reelect, I’m told. A source familiar says that Trump called Lamar Alexander yesterday and urged him to run for re-election. Alexander announced today he would retire and not run in 2020
Elijah Cummings, incoming Dem chair of Oversight, not happy about the second day of Comey interview. “I know on their way out they seem to be wanting to play defense now for the President and want to do everything in their power to bring doubt regarding the Mueller Investigation”
RT @kaitlancollins: Outgoing Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, who had a 1:45 meeting with the president, was just seen leaving the West Wing…
Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker spotted leaving the White House, per @stark_talk
Meadows also thinks if there’s a shutdown this week, it will last til the new Congress convenes and won’t be resolved in the last week of this year
Mark Meadows doesn’t see a point of a short-term CR to keep govt open til early next year, saying $5B is a compromise	I asked him if he believes Mexico will pay for wall, and he said: “Obviously that’s one of the questions the president needs to answer so you’ll have to ask him.”
Huge Senate news. Lamar Alexander, HELP chairman and close ally of McConnell’s, says he will NOT run for reelection in 2020. “The people of Tennessee have been very generous, electing me to serve more combined years as Governor and Senator than anyone else from our state.”
Rep. Lacy Clay, a Democratic member of the House Oversight Committee, emerging from closed-door interview with James Comey, said it’s been a waste of time so far and amounts to the “last gasp” for the Republican majority.
RT @RamCNN: READ: Indictment of two former business associates of Michael Flynn, charged in connection with efforts to extradite Turkish cl…
RT @scottwongDC: .@RepChrisCollins continues to feud with his arch-nemesis @louiseslaughter, who died nine months ago https://t.co/yrhSH8cs…
RT @MarshallCohen: Here's my YEAR IN REVIEW for the Mueller investigation....  2018 was crazy, there were indictments, guilty pleas, FBI ra…
Asked Mark Meadows about Trump calling Cohen a “rat,” and he said: “I’ve learned a long time ago to concentrate on what I say than what other people say. ... There are more than enough quotes to critique and at this point I’m going to be critiquing mine more than anything else.”
Mark Meadows, entering James Comey‘s second day of testimony, said there were “inconsistencies” in Comey’s testimony, telling reporters that Comey needs to explain when he learned about the DNC and Clinton camp payments to Fusion GPS. “At what point did he become aware of that?”
RT @donie: NEW: A company the Senate Intelligence Committee hired to review data provided by tech giants about Russian meddling in 2016 has…
Trump, who has boasted that he has one of “the great memories of all time,” doesn't really remember when the conversations about Trump Tower Moscow took place but acknowledged to Mueller they happened sometime in 2016, Giuliani told ⁦@DanaBashCNN⁩ https://t.co/gqm71tQICD
RT @NBCSChicago: Winning the division is even sweeter when you do it against the Packers! 		The party continues with the #FootballAftershow…
RT @ChicagoBears: #DaBears are NFC NORTH CHAMPS!		🐻⬇️! https://t.co/Myunj5Ol92
Trump deleted that tweet and reposted it, cleaning up a typo. https://t.co/Ohad6eLAzu
Blagojevich was impeached and removed for office and then sentenced to 14 years in prison over a major corruption scandal, including trying to sell a Senate appointment. Corsi has been under investigation over what he may have known about WikiLeaks and leak of Clinton camp emails https://t.co/fHcvcDiuxm
Collins: “This was not a good week for President Trump, nor for his campaign organization.  And these allegations are concerning.  But we need to wait until we have the entire picture.” https://t.co/PTeTJXf3b4
WH not backing down on shutdown threats over Trump’s demands for $5 billion for border wall. “If it comes to it, absolutely,” Stephen Miller says on CBS when asked if Trump would shut down government if his demands aren’t met
Rudy hedges, saying “if” Stone gave anybody a headsup, “that’s not a crime,” adding that “collusion is not a crime” https://t.co/0shpicExvj
They didn’t break into his office. They had search warrants authorized by a federal judge - who would need to find probable cause - for his office, home and hotel he was staying at https://t.co/dL0L3ynQkl
“Not at all,” Susan Collins on whether she regrets her vote for the GOP tax law given that a federal judge cited it in ruling against Obamacare
Elijah Cummings tells @jaketapper he wants Michael Cohen in front of one of the House committees in January
RT @jaketapper: CNN/DES MOINES REGISTER IOWA POLL	Dec. 10-13	LIKELY DEMOCRATIC CAUCUSGOERS	Top Choices for Nominee	 	Biden        32%	Sande…
RT @joshscampbell: FBI releases document intel officials used to brief @realDonaldTrump on Steele dossier		https://t.co/8ezp8KqCYW
Get caught up on what happened here: https://t.co/I0e0gWE3B2
Quite a turn for Zinke. He had been weighing challenging Tester in 2018, where he would have been the favorite. But Don Jr successfully lobbied he get Interior. Now he leaves Interior under ethical cloud and GOP lost Montana Senate race despite heavy Trump campaigning
@danpfeiffer Of course. Though if he stayed at interior, he would have been called to the Hill pretty regularly/faced barrage of inquiries that he may have an easier time avoiding as a former secretary
This avoids Zinke being hauled to the Hill and facing aggressive questions from House Dems - namely Raul Grijalva https://t.co/kW5UHCZtuA
RT @joshscampbell: From @LauraAJarrett &amp; me:	Comey sent agents to interview Flynn without coordinating with Yates. According to person fami…
RT @joshgerstein: Really not true. Or should I say NOT TRUE. Judge said the law couldn't stand after GOP Congress, in bill signed by Trump,…
RT @harrysiegel: From calling Trump "a terrible human being" to serving as his chief of staff in two years flat https://t.co/jrZM9xpD35 htt…
A federal judge in Texas said on Friday that the Affordable Care Act's individual coverage mandate is unconstitutional and that the rest of the law must also fall. https://t.co/23UHVSio8a
RT @stark_talk: LATEST: Mueller’s team continues to be interested in interviewing the President, two sources familiar with the matter tell…
RT @jmartNYT: An acknowledgment from the Warren camp of damage done by DNA test &gt;&gt;		https://t.co/sJsM777wHb
“Acting” chief, meaning Trump hasn’t settled on permanent replacement https://t.co/NEVcegXfdJ
Devin Nunes on Cohen-Trump hush-money scheme to silence Trump affairs right before election: “Even if what Cohen said happened, people do this all the time. They do settlements out of court. It happens. I don't know what the big deal is,” he said on Fox
RT @burgessev: CBO score for Criminal Justice reform:		- Reduce prison pop "by about 53,000 person-years over the 2019-2028 period"		Would…
RT @ProPublica: SCOOP: As the inaugural committee planned the event, concerns were raised about whether Trump’s DC hotel was overcharging,…
Top Dems call on DHS acting inspector general to investigate situation surrounding death of 7-year-old girl who tried to enter US illegally with her father https://t.co/hZ279CTJSs
@pkcapitol @jrjesmer @HolmesJosh @KevinMcLaughlin Thanks for reminding me, pk. https://t.co/eF4VD40roF
RT @oliverdarcy: I obtained audio of today's staff meeting where Clarity Media Group announced the closure of The Weekly Standard. Clarity'…
“Nothing about the way the interview was arranged or conducted caused the defendant to make false statements to the FBI on January 24.” https://t.co/j0EaMavmnZ
RT @gtconway3d: Thank you, @senorrinhatch, for eloquently reaffirming your longstanding commitment to the rule of law:		“[O]ne of the core…
"Earlier this week in an unplanned hallway interview with CNN, I made comments  about allegations against the President that were irresponsible and a poor reflection on my lengthy record of dedication to the rule of law," Hatch said in a statement	 	https://t.co/81UyyAnzBT
RT @MarshallCohen: Court officials went to extreme measures today to prevent the public from learning anything  about a secret hearing that…
Mueller probe, since its start in May 2017, has cost $25 million, per new filing-- not $40 million as Trump tweeted a couple weeks ago
Mueller says when Flynn lied to FBI on Jan. 24, 2017 about substance of his policy conversations with Russian ambassador, he had already lied to several members of Trump’s team and was “committed to his false story” that he and Kislyak did not discuss sanctions, per @kpolantz
Hatch issues statement regretting comments he made to me earlier this week about Trump and Cohen allegations. Says no one is above the law. Video of his initial comments in our story here 	https://t.co/QuTov2XW4D https://t.co/ameHMvtIKM
CNN POLL CONDUCTED BY SSRS	Dec. 6-9	DEMOCRATS/DEMOCRATIC-LEANING INDEPENDENTS	Top Choices for Nominee	 	Biden        30%	Sanders      14%	O’Rourke      9%	Booker        5%	Kerry         4%	Harris        4%	Warren        3% https://t.co/4Cl8j2lxAs
RT @JasonLeMiere: Federal prosecutors, not the media, have concluded Cohen is telling the truth. https://t.co/6ZGQ2CnrtH
WH upset media giving air time to Michael Cohen because he’s a “convicted” liar. “The fact that you’re giving credence to someone who is a convicted, self-admitted liar ... and for him to say I’m going to stop lying... now, starting now, is somewhat silly,” spox Hogan Gidley says
Gidley said: “It's a horrific, tragic situation. Obviously, our hearts go out to the family and to anyone who's suffered any type of danger and peril that they see so often when they make that trek up from the southern border. It's a horrific situation.”
Asked if Trump admin takes responsibility for the death of a 7-year-old child trying to enter US illegally with her father, WH spox Hogan Gidley said: “Does the administration take responsibility for a parent taking a child on a trek through Mexico to get to this country? No."
RT @kylegriffin1: George Conway, Kellyanne's husband, penned another op-ed with Neal Katyal.		"Trump's claim that he didn’t violate campaig…
Jon Kyl to resign from #azsen seat on Dec. 31, giving GOP Gov. Ducey another replacement to sit in McCain’s seat until 2020 election. The winner of that election will fill out the final two years of the late senator’s term https://t.co/bV07If7zjJ
"I don't think there's anybody that believes that," Cohen said of Trump's denials that he knew about hush money. "First of all, nothing at the Trump organization was ever done unless it was run through Mr. Trump." https://t.co/82RBgs7YT5
“Because the special counsel stated emphatically that the information that I gave to them was credible and helpful,” Michael Cohen said on GMA. “There’s a substantial amount of information that they possess that corroborates the fact that I’m telling the truth.”
RT @brianstelter: It's been one of those nights 😟 https://t.co/wOS3jm8Dav
DSCC chairmanship a ticket to seat on Finance. See Michael Bennet, Bob Menendez https://t.co/K9qo9ZKFDE
Criminal probes affecting Trump	- obstruction of justice	- Russian interference	- Hush-money payments	- Inauguration committee spending
One reason why lot of folks on the Hill believe there will be a deal next week, at least a short-term CR https://t.co/DJUg6EvLnl
RT @ShimonPro: Trump inauguration spending is under investigation by the SDNY, a source confirms to CNN. The Wall Street Journal first repo…
RT @jmartNYT: More on the Sanders-Warren meeting: no staff, just the two senators.  both laid out their thinking on ‘20, but neither urged…
Senate speaks with one voice in condemning MBS and blaming him for Khashoggi murder, a major break from Trump and his decision to side with Saudi. But House GOP leaders, who already are blocking Yemen resolution, have yet to commit to a vote on condemning MBS before year's end https://t.co/BayD1fubmQ
RT @eorden: Federal probe is looking into whether Trump’s inaugural committee misspent funds and top donors gave money in exchange for acce…
RT @GlennThrush: ? https://t.co/Ta0kQUrzGj
RT @jmartNYT: This gets at why House Rs also can’t come to terms w why they lost  their majority.   McCarthy deflecting bc about 80% of rem…
Kevin McCarthy, when I asked about Trump being implicated in two crimes and his campaign allegedly working with AMI to conceal hush-money payments before elections, blamed Michael Cohen.	 	"If you hire an attorney to solve a problem, do you expect the attorney to do it legally?"
A double-whammy towards Saudi Arabia and White House’s handling of the Khashoggi murder. Senate approves resolution pulling back US support for Yemen war. And just now, Senate approves by voice vote resolution condemning MBS. Pressure now on House on whether to take up MBS plan https://t.co/goXpDPxVBo
Major rebuke of Trump administration’s Saudi policy, as Senate approves resolution 56-41 to pull back US support for Yemen war. https://t.co/goXpDPxVBo
Wow https://t.co/WUAqrolMTy
Senate will pass plan condemning Saudi crown prince for Khashoggi murder. If it passes House too, it will land on Trump’s desk. 	Asked if Ryan supports bringing up plan, spox says: “The House isn’t back in session until Wednesday but we’ll keep you posted” https://t.co/t1R8L2817G
House announces no votes next week now until Wednesday. That means House will have to move quickly on any deal to avoid shutdown next Friday.
Despite voting against judicial nominations and holding up a bunch in committee, Jeff Flake told me he’s made no progress about getting a vote on the bipartisan bill to protect special counsels like Robert Mueller. He has had no talks with McConnell. “I don’t see it happening.”
Bob Corker is trying to get the Senate to pass his joint resolution TODAY to condemn the Saudi crown prince for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. If it also passes the House, it would land on Trump's desk for him to sign and either side with Congress or Saudis. https://t.co/pIbWwRjeUd
Later she was asked about pursuing Trump tax returns, and she said: "I think that’s the Ways and Means Committee’s decision that they have to make. I think they see a path in that direction," saying WH will resist and then "the question is ... where do we go  from there?"
So I asked her does that mean she doesn't want the House to investigate these allegations, and she said: "The committees will have to make a judgement at that time, when they come in as to where we go."
She then turned into media critic. "I wish the press would spend a lot more time on what we need to do here to meet the  needs of the American people, instead of morning, noon and night,  allegations against the president." She adds: "I think you’d have more viewers and readers."
I asked Pelosi at presser about Trump being implicated in crimes, and she said: "Well let me just say that it’s interesting these allegations against the president are coming from his own Justice Department. This is not about Robert Mueller. This is about the Justice Department."
Corker introduces resolution condemning MBS for murder of Khashoggi. This is a joint resolution, which means it must pass both chambers and it would have to go to Trump’s desk. That would present him with a difficult choice. It’s not clear if the House will act on a similar plan
McCarthy just told me House would have the votes to pass $5 billion in wall money, disputing Pelosi. At first, he said: “we’ll see.” Then he said, “yes” they had the votes. He wouldn’t say if they’ll put it on floor. “I haven’t announced the schedule, but when I do, you’ll see.”
Pelosi made clear there are NO negotiations at the moment between Dem leaders and the WH to avoid shutdown next week
“I did tell the president I’ll pray for him.”
“I think the Oval Office is an evidence free zone,” Pelosi said
“They do not have the votes to pass the president’s proposal for $5 billion for the wall,” Pelosi declares at her press conference, essentially daring House GOP to put it on the floor
Jeff Flake giving his farewell speech on floor
RT @jmartNYT: News: Warren had Bernie over to her DC condo last night, per two Dems.  No commitments made by either, i’m told.
And NAFTA 2.0 still needs to clear Congress - far from a sure bet https://t.co/rPc8f6fhUD
Asked if the evidence is clear on MBS, Pelosi demurred: “I’m not going to comment on that as it was the basis of a classified briefing yesterday.”		She added sanctions should be applied to all involved: “If the evidence is clear on anyone, there should be consistent sanctions.”
Just asked Pelosi after briefing with Pompeo and Mattis if she has any doubt that MBS was involved in Khashoggi murder. She said: “If the evidence is that he was (involved), then we would have to be consistent in applying sanctions to him as to the other 19 people.”
McConnell, asked by @tedbarrettcnn: if Trump has a plan or strategy to avoid a shutdown: “I’m optimistic there won’t be a government shutdown.”	 Asked what the break-the-glass scenario is if Trump doesn’t move off where he is.	“I’m optimistic that’s not going to happen,” he said
RT @seungminkim: McConnell is delivering his farewell tribute to @JeffFlake on the Senate floor, notes he once topped the Hill's 50 most be…
Hoyer makes clear his distaste for the deal Nancy Pelosi cut on term limits for top three leaders. After a bit of a pause, he said “Pelosi made the deal,” per @TheOtherKeppler
RT @DanaBashCNN: 100 percent right @maggieNYT . Reupping this piece we did in May making this point https://t.co/jeWa49DPkC https://t.co/ZI…
Trump said in April he knew nothing of the payments, which Sarah Sanders repeated from the WH briefing room. Now says: “I did nothing wrong with respect to campaign finance laws.” https://t.co/4s3O4aJkks
Lawmakers leading Russia probe have consistently had problems interviewing key witnesses because of Mueller investigation. But now top leaders - Burr, Warner, Schiff - tell us the witnesses who cooperated with Mueller may be hauled to Hill. w/@jeremyherb https://t.co/u8Q4Taq99i
RT @jeremyherb: "I think it's safe to say if they were indicted, they were on our list," said SSCI Chair Richard Burr. Congressional invest…
Remarkable to watch Trump and the WH's evolution from in March when Trump said he didn't know about hush-money payments to women to this week when he called them a "simple private transaction" and claimed they were legal (despite what federal prosecutors say) https://t.co/bc4V5RLswY
Hill Saudi update: Senate will pass resolution tomorrow to withdraw US support for war in Yemen, House GOP moves to block it. Corker to offer plan to blame MBS for Khashoggi murder. Menendez-Young plan to sanction MBS, suspend arm sales punted to next year https://t.co/vh3AeLIOvG
“We should all follow the law, but these cases are far more difficult to prove than you would think. I think the president ... has paid people money through a non-disclosure agreement, just for his business and his personal situation. So that'll be a challenging case,” per Graham
Asked him as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, would these payments be an issue he would look into: “I want Mueller to issue his report, that's what I want. The main thing I want to do is let Mr. Mueller tell us what he found.”
Sen Graham to me on news of Trump camp working w AMI on $150k payoff: “You’d have to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the payment was designed to benefit the campaign exclusively and there was no other reason. So I think that would be somewhat of a challenge for a prosecutor”
RT @joe_palazzolo: American Media to WSJ in 2016: "AMI has not paid people to kill damaging stories about Mr. Trump."		Fed prosecutors in 2…
Trump told Dems at WH yesterday that Mexico was still going to pay for the wall, but even Rs don’t believe him. 		Kennedy: No. I think we'll have to pay for it		Shelby: That would be the best way if somebody else paid for everything. I wish somebody had paid my bills. They didn't
A bipartisan group of senators made clear tonight they'll push Menendez-Young legislation imposing sanctions on individuals responsible for murder of Khashoggi while also suspending arm sales with Saudi Arabia. But they acknowledged that it was unlikely to move this Congress
Some of her biggest critics -- Moulton, Ryan, Vela, Bill Foster -- all now supporting Pelosi after she cut a deal on term limits. https://t.co/V9bKtQgl73
The deal puts Steny Hoyer in a bind, who strongly opposes the term limits.
In statement, Pelosi makes clear she's "comfortable" with term limits on top three leaders and says even if it doesn't get adopted, "it is my intention to abide by it." That means Pelosi won't be speaker for longer than four more years. Most believe next Congress will be her last
Mark Meadows played the chief-of-staff game well. He never said he wanted the job, but told the press he was “honored” to be considered. So he stayed on Trump’s good side by talking positively and now will get to keep his seat in the House since he’s out of the running
Picking farm bill over ending war in Yemen https://t.co/VmiFkAeG7W
RT @jaketapper: Jeannie Rhee, w Special Counsel’s office, said in court that Michael Cohen “has provided our office with credible and relia…
60-39, Senate votes to begin debate to pull back US support for the Saudi-led war in Yemen
RT @kaitlancollins: President Trump does not answer questions about Michael Cohen after signing an executive order in the Roosevelt Room.
House narrowly adopts this rule to weaken the ability of proponents like @RoKhanna to force a vote pulling back US support for war in Yemen https://t.co/jKqhrDVcP9
Federal prosecutors in NY have now tied an illegal payment directly to the Trump campaign https://t.co/61H3TfZyOb
More: “AMI further admitted that its principal purpose in making the payment was to suppress the woman’s story so as to prevent it from influencing the election.”
SDNY: “AMI admitted that it made the $150,000 payment in concert with a candidate’s presidential campaign, and in order to ensure that the woman did not publicize damaging allegations about the candidate before the 2016 presidential election.”
RT @ShimonPro: Woah! This from SDNY, saying they reached a non-prosecution agreement with AMI, in connection with AMI’s role in making the…
Tester and Wyden win Congressional Review Act vote to reverse Trump Treasury rule that allowed donors to non-profits political organizations not be disclosed. 	 	It passed 50-49 with Collins defecting and Tillis absent. But it won’t pass the House. @tedbarrettcnn
RT @ShimonPro: Here we go!! 	Cohen:	 "Recently the president tweeted a statement calling me weak and it was correct but for a much differen…
RT @kenvogel: SCOOP: While TRUMP was facing mounting pressure from prosecutors, @RUDYGIULIANI was in Bahrain on Tues, meeting with the King…
RT @MarcACaputo: Looking more and more like @AndrewGillum was NOT a target of the federal corruption probe in Tallahassee. https://t.co/xq3…
Warner wants Michael Cohen to come to Senate Intel before he reports to jail in March. Burr just told me: “He’s had an invitation” to talk to the committee. Asked if he would issue a subpoena, Burr said: “We’ll chat.”
Mueller probe: 36 people and entities charged	- 7 people pleaded guilty	- 4 people sentenced to prison	- 1 person convicted at trial (h/t: @MarshallCohen)
House Intel plans a “deep dive” on Saudi, per Adam Schiff. It shows the Khashoggi murder and aftermath not going away https://t.co/n612oF2i17
Was interesting Haspel decided to take the way out in front of the cameras after the Khashoggi briefing. There are many exits out of the SCIF and she could have avoided being seen if she wanted to https://t.co/yxQ6i2f9Wh
Three years for Trump’s long-time lawyer and personal fixer, Michael Cohen https://t.co/sBDTc5ncvQ
Eliot Engel vows that his panel - House Foreign Affairs - will hold hearings on Saudi Arabia and Khashoggi murder. 		Asked him if they would look into Kushner ties to MBS, he said: “We are going to start by looking at all aspects of Saudi Arabia and see where it takes us”
RT @spettypi: BREAKING: Cohen said Trump was right to call him weak, and says his weakness was a blind loyalty to Donald Trump
RT @kaitlancollins: Michael Cohen, in court, says, "I take full responsibility for each act that I pled guilty to: the personal ones to me,…
Schiff, heading into Haspel briefing, promises “deep dive” into Saudi Arabia next year. It’s truly my intention next year to ... do a deep dive on Saudi Arabia, the war in Yemen, on the Saudi role in the peace process, the conflict with Qatar, all of these things.”
McConnell urges senators to block Yemen resolution and instead calls on senators to support Corker measure blaming MBS for murder. Durbin believes Yemen plan has the votes to pass today, but House leaders will soon be empowered to deny a vote on the floor on the resolution https://t.co/jKqhrDVcP9
Hoyer says “no” when asked if he supports term limits, which Pelosi is negotiating with Democratic critics. Pelosi said: “When I have something to say, I’ll announce it.”
House GOP inserted a provision in an unrelated rule to gut resolution withdrawing US support for Saudi-led war in Yemen and give Republican leaders more power to block measure - essentially giving cover to the WH that is trying to block the plan https://t.co/vh3AeLIOvG
RT @CNN: Here's how we got from President Trump's campaign pledge that Mexico would pay for the border wall, to his latest shutdown pledge,…
RT @kylegriffin1: Full report: An AP investigation finds Ivanka and Jared stand to benefit from a program they pushed that offers massive t…
RT @costareports: President Trump to @Reuters today on possible impeachment in coming months by House Dems: "I'm not concerned, no. I think…
"I don't have any observations to make about that." -- Mitch McConnell from today's presser when I asked about Trump being implicated in two crimes in the run-up to the 2016 elections https://t.co/LxYJto6b8j
The proposed deal would guarantee Pelosi two more years as speaker and she could serve no longer than four more years in the job. Hoyer and Clyburn also would be limited. Term limit would amount to a major shift in House power dynamic. ⁦@KilloughCNN⁩ https://t.co/9OlMHNcXz1
Asked Ted Cruz three times today if he had any concerns about Trump being implicated by prosecutors in two crimes. First time, he said he was late for a vote. Second, he was running to a meeting. Third time, he told me to call his office
RT @jdawsey1: I thought he said he had no idea about them? https://t.co/j9tpv1Uomr
Flynn’s sentencing memo here: https://t.co/xcaeN7bkCW
RT @DHBerman: Flynn: Don't lock me up	 https://t.co/zsR2L8f0Zt
Sources confirm this - deal would essentially guarantee Pelosi one more term as speaker. If she wants an additional two years after that, she would need two-thirds majority of caucus support. So that means 4 more years max for Pelosi. Eight years max for top leaders going forward https://t.co/XpcLKjg5Xs
Trump sides with MBS over view of his own CIA that the crown prince ordered the killing of an American-based journalist. The Senate is preparing to take the opposite approach and formally blame MBS for murder as soon as this week. https://t.co/pWrYWaZ6du https://t.co/TucHZPM1Jf
Corker to me on Kushner saying intel community still gathering info on Khashoggi murder. “I’m not sure that he had access to the same intelligence that we do ... I've been in all kinds of  intelligence briefings. I've never had one as crisp as the one I had the other day.” https://t.co/i7C6iqFJzC
“I don’t think he would know the truth if it yodeled, jumped up and bit him in the ass,” Sen. John Kennedy to @ErinBurnett on Michael Cohen, when asked about prosecutors implicating Trump in two crimes
Corker says he’s picked up McConnell as a co-sponsor on his measure blaming MBS for murder. Senate likely to pass it this week; if the House does too, it would put plan on Trump’s desk. “I wish that the President would speak to this.” https://t.co/pWrYWaZ6du
RT @jeremyherb: Senate Intel leaders Burr, Warner and Feinsten asked a judge for leniency in sentencing for former SSCI security director J…
Joe Manchin officially named as ranking Democrat on Senate Energy and Natural Resources, much to the chagrin of some liberals off the Hill
RT @ElizLanders: It continues! Incoming Speaker Nancy Pelosi said that President Trump called her this afternoon after their Oval Office me…
Pelosi said she told Trump: ‘You’re going to take the money we made from the trade agreement.  Well that’s an opportunity cost, Mr. President, for American workers and our economy that’s supposed to benefit from that.”		She added: “That’s terrible.”
Pelosi to Dems on Trump meeting: “He says, ‘Mexico is going to pay for the wall.’  I said, ‘They’re not paying for the wall. ‘He said, ‘They’re paying for the wall with the money we’re gonna make over the newly revised USMCA.’ https://t.co/0dubnhRhT0
Trump, a few minutes ago, doubles down and says, “I don’t mind ... closing down the country over border security.” Also says he likes it as “an issue” and then adds it’s more than just an issue
RT @jaketapper: So Schumer *tricked* the president into saying “I am proud to shut down the government for border security” https://t.co/RP…
RT @ShimonPro: New hearing on the facts about Manafort's breach of plea will happen Jan 25, 2019 in DC federal court.
Graham got off phone with president minutes ago and told Trump that he’s “right” to make the request. “I think the president is on firm ground here,” Graham said. “We need the money and the only reason they're not giving it to him is because they just don't want to help him.” https://t.co/Nfc2kjIixl
This is correct, per Senate historical office. One reason it’s taken so long: Senate filibuster rules changed in 2013 so nominations that could only get 50 votes wouldn’t have cleared a filibuster. It also is the 12th tie-breaking vote Pence has cast as VP - a very high number https://t.co/jL9BX0fGAw
RT @atrupar: CNN put together a montage of Senate Republicans -- including Susan Collins, John Thune, Bill Cassidy, and Orrin Hatch -- each…
Pelosi: “He said at the end of the meeting, he said, ‘We can go two routes with this meeting: with a knife or a candy.’ I said, ‘Exactly.’”
Pelosi to colleagues: “It was so wild.  It goes to show you: you get into a tickle contest with a skunk, you get tinkle all over you.”
At a different meeting, Pelosi privately told colleagues of Trump: “It’s like a manhood thing for him. As if manhood could ever be associated with him. This wall thing,” per aide in the room
Pence breaks another tie in Senate - this for the judicial nomination of Jonathan Kobes to sit on the Eighth Circuit. It was deadlocked 50-50 until the VP broke the tie. Flake voted ‘no’ due to his threat to vote against all judicial noms until he gets a vote on Mueller bill
“I don’t have any observations about that,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell just now when I asked if he had any concerns that Trump was implicated in two crimes by federal prosecutors
Nancy Pelosi said at a private reception for departing members this afternoon that Trump’s remarks at the White House today amounted to a “tirade,” a person in room told me.		It’s similar to what she said publicly, but it shows how Democrats viewed the meeting as off-the-rails.
Mike Pence, arriving at Senate GOP lunch, told @tedbarettcnn that the closed portion of the Pelosi and Chuck Schumer meeting was “very candid"  and a “good discussion”
Some Rs believe Trump was goaded by Schumer into saying he would be proud to shut the government down.		“I think Sen. Schumer was very shrewd in his efforts to make sure whatever blame exists with the shutdown doesn’t rest with the Democrats,” said Sen. Jerry Moran
Senate Approps Chairman Richard Shelby: “We might come together, we might not.” Asked about Trump being “proud” to shut down the govt, “I’ve never said that myself. I’ve always worked to fund the government.”		Sen. Capito: “I’m really concerned always about a government shutdown”
Complaining Pelosi will not accept a DACA deal for wall money, Graham said: “This is liberal arrogance and I have had enough of it. Take it on, stare it down. See what happens.”
“He needs to dig in and not give in,” Lindsey Graham says of Trump. “I think what he is proud of is standing up to the status quo. People elected him expecting him to be different. We are talking about a small amount of money In a multi-trillion dollar budget.”
RT @DavidWright_CNN: https://t.co/nDYax08PIq
RT @CNNPolitics: President Trump: "I am proud to shut down the government for border security" https://t.co/phEU5AvkAe
Pence, meanwhile, sat silently and didn’t say a word.
AND THERE IT IS. Trump: "If we don't get what we want ... I will shut down the government ... I am proud to shutdown the government for border security. ... I will take the mantle ... for shutting down the government."
"Elections have consequences, Mr. President," Schumer said.		Trump: "And that's why the country is doing so well."
"When the president brags that he won in Indiana and North Dakota, he's in real trouble," Schumer says of Trump boasting about keeping the Senate. 		"We did" win North Dakota and Indiana, Trump shoots back.		Pence, meanwhile, sitting silently
Schumer on wall: "It doesn't solve the problem."		Trump: "It totally solves the problem."
Trump getting angry as Pelosi says he doesn't have the votes in the House to fund the wall with GOP votes alone. "Nancy, I do."
“We should not have a Trump shutdown,” Pelosi says. Trump: “A what?” Pelosi: “A Trump shutdown.”
“It’s called funding the government, Mr President,” Schumer says tersely to Trump when he talks about funding the wall
Video of Trump-Pelosi-Schumer heated meeting on @CNN now
RT @ZekeJMiller: Heated meeting right now going down in Oval Office per @catherine_lucey between POTUS and Democratic leaders. Trump says:…
This is going about as expected https://t.co/s4BEBbIh5c
RT @jaketapper: Source close to WH tells me that  POTUS, in his hunt for a new chief of staff, is particularly interested in @David_Bossie’…
In a bad sign for proponents of criminal justice bill, who want swift passage, Cotton says: “I don’t think the Senate should vote to let car jackers and bank robbers out of prison. Maybe other Senators do and that’s their prerogative. But I will have lots of amendments to offer.”
RT @KilloughCNN: In their weekly meeting today, Democrats decided to table further discussion on the idea of term limits for party leaders…
RT @Arianedevogue: When @SenatorCollins said she felt "vindication" about Kavanaugh, she acted as tho we had learned s-thing about  Roe v.…
RT @MarshallCohen: Republican senators shrug as Trump is implicated in Cohen's crimes 	HATCH: "Okay, but I don't care"	GRASSLEY: "Cohen's a…
Corker may offer joint resolution as soon as today to blame MBS for murder of Jamal Khashoggi - in what could be first formal US response to the killing. If it passes both chambers, it could present Trump with a quandary about whether to sign or veto it  https://t.co/pWrYWaZ6du
McConnell also announces the Senate may be in session between Christmas and New Years https://t.co/KCVG5WWNCi
RT @AaronBlake: Orrin Hatch in Aug. on Cohen implicating Trump: "Those are some serious charges." “I’m not very happy about it, I’ll put it…
“As long as Cohen's a liar, I shouldn't give much credibility to what he says," Grassley said. Ron Johnson: "I'm not sure how we would even get that information," he said when asked if his panel would examine Trump's involvement in the hush-money scheme. https://t.co/QuTov2XW4D
“Running through the tape” https://t.co/BH2hu1eUJo
Trump may be signaling a way out of a shutdown fight with two sides deadlocked over funding his wall. He now says if Dems don’t vote to fund the wall, military will build it anyway. Unclear what he means by that, but it could give all sides a way out https://t.co/E4ntoydwvk
CNN POLL	Dec. 6-9	Presidential Approval Ratings	 	Kennedy, 1962     76%	Eisenhower, 1954  69%	Bush, 2002        63%	Bush, 1990        58%	Nixon, 1970       52%	Carter, 1978      50%	Obama, 2010       48%	Reagan, 1982      41%	Clinton, 1994     40%	Trump now         39%
CNN POLL CONDUCTED BY SSRS	Dec. 6-9	Trump’s Consideration	Of Russia Projects Was...	 	Unethical      44%	Unwise         26%	Nothing wrong  23% https://t.co/m7HAmsn0gi
Key parochial issue for McConnell’s 2020 re-elect. Expect him to be talking about this a lot back home. https://t.co/Nrzi96XDSB
Here’s video of my exchange with Hatch in its entirety: https://t.co/QuTov2XW4D
Corker last week after CIA briefed senators. “What I do know is that the CIA director came in with some analyst and gave the most precise presentation I've every heard in 12 years,” saying a jury would convict MBS in 20 minutes https://t.co/Tx04OVpySE
RT @maggieNYT: Kushner appears on Hannity to promote criminal justice reform, which so far is likely to languish without a vote. Hannity is…
Corker and Menendez squabble  over bipartisan bill to sanction MBS and halt arm sales; Menendez says Corker trying to “neuter it” and Corker tells me he’s trying to make it stronger. But Senate may act this week on Yemen resolution and measure blaming MBS https://t.co/3Y42Ela5QQ
Today, Republicans didn’t seem too exercised about the latest controversies - namely the crimes allegedly involving Trump. “You're talking about things that happened before he became president." https://t.co/VtyDLzxdQh
Thirty-two Dems, 10 Republicans and two independents tell their former colleagues in extraordinary letter: “It has been the Senate that has stood in defense of our democracy. Today is once again such a time.” https://t.co/E3EqtQkchw
It wasn’t just Hatch. R after R shrugged off or pleaded ignorance to prosecutors saying Trump may have committed two crimes. “I’ve not reviewed the filings that you’ve referred to,” Collins said	 	“I don’t know that it changes things much,” Blunt said. https://t.co/QuTov2XW4D
Mark Meadows just told me that he has NOT spoken to Trump about the chief job yet. He also would not say he would take the job if offered, calling that talk “premature” and saying Trump has a “long list of people” and he is “one of many.”
“It shows what I said about him all along about his respect for precedent, and I’m very pleased that he’s shown it so early.”		“I certainly do” feel “vindicated,” Collins said
Susan Collins, one of the decisive votes in favor of Brett Kavanaugh, claimed “vindication” after Kavanaugh joined with other justices to decline to take up a case taking aim at Planned Parenthood.
Grassley, the Senate Judiciary chairman, similarly dismisses the federal prosecutors’ argument: “They based it on what a liar says, so it hurts the credibility of it.”
Hatch also told me: “President Trump before he became president that’s another world. Since he’s become president this economy has charged ahead. ... And I think we ought to judge him on that basis other than trying to drum up things from the past that may or may not be true.”
Hatch added this when asked if he was concerned about allegations.	“No because I don’t think he was involved in crimes but even then, you know, you can make anything a crime under the current laws; if you want to you can blow it way out of proportion you can do a lot of things.”
Hatch dismisses allegations of Trump crimes over hush money.	Asked if he had any concerns, Hatch said: “The Democrats will do anything to hurt this president.” Told it was alleged by SDNY, Hatch told me: “Okay but I don’t care; all I can say is he’s doing a good job as President”
Came at a cost of $72 million. https://t.co/CL4ErXvnDJ https://t.co/XYCs90VmnV
Chances he's asked about MBS? https://t.co/TfQ3Y67wwG
RT @tparti: Rep. Meadows' statement to Playbook re: COS role is worded interestingly. 		"Serving as Chief of Staff would be an incredible h…
RT @gelles: 1. Paul Manafort	2. Rick Gates	3. Michael Flynn	4. Jared Kushner	5. Ivanka Trump	6. Donald Trump Jr.	7. Michael Cohen	8. Jeff S…
Corker and Menendez in “intense” discussions over sanctions package on MBS that Corker had wanted his committee to vote on this week
Engel is "committed to conducting a top-to-bottom review of US policy towards Saudi Arabia and that includes what has driven the US response to the Jamal Khashoggi murder.”	Asked if that includes ties between Kushner and MBS: "Everything is on the table."	 https://t.co/3Y42Ela5QQ
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Accused Russian spy Maria Butina appears to reach plea deal, via @kpolantz &amp; @SaraMurray https://t.co/kQuyNpCc9O
Trump seems to be referring to the scheme Cohen admitted to  - allegedly at Trump’s direction - to pay off women and keep them silent about his affairs just days before 2016 election as a “simple private transaction” https://t.co/h6Df85kMUU
RT @SNFonNBC: Mood in Chicago. #Ditka https://t.co/4mFUC480dE
RT @StevenTDennis: Sitting GOP senators who voted to toss President Clinton from office for obstruction of justice:	BLUNT	BURR	CRAPO	ENZI	G…
“What the prosecutors did not say in Mr. Cohen’s sentencing memorandum filed on Friday, however, is that they have continued to scrutinize what other executives in the president’s family business may have known about those crimes,” involving hush-money https://t.co/e7OPYCs4KZ
@jonathanchait Angry tweets
Buckle up. Trump’s schedule tomorrow only has one thing listed: lunch with Pence. Nothing else at the moment.
Comey on differences b/w Obama and Trump. “I was struck that Barack Obama is the best listener as a leader I had ever seen and Donald Trump is the worst I've ever seen,” saying Trump sits behind desk and is “always talking” while Obama and Bush would listen in common sitting area https://t.co/nK25leSGWx
RT @BillKristol: "What has seemingly been lost with Mr. Bush’s burial Thursday in College Station, Tex., and Mr. McCain’s in Annapolis, Md.…
RT @jimsciutto: 'I can't breathe.' Jamal Khashoggi's last words disclosed in transcript, source tells CNN. Exclusive via ⁦@NicRobertsonCNN⁩…
@MarcACaputo Amazing. This was the closest I could think of. https://t.co/Pq4P11QibI
RT @MichaelCBender: NEWS — Pence Chief of Staff Nick Ayers Won’t Be Next White House Staff Chief -- Sources https://t.co/MFh95DTwBJ
When does this play ever work? Wow https://t.co/V7UoA1QIkz
“I’m concerned he has been a big supporter of the Patriot Act,” Rand Paul says about Bill Barr, adding he’s “disturbed” about his views on civil asset forfeiture. Says on MTP he hasn’t made a decision yet on Barr’s nomination to AG but is “very troubled” by Patriot Act views
“There’s a very real prospect that on the day Donald Trump leaves office the Justice Department may indict him,” Adam Schiff said on CBS. “He may be the first president in quite some time to face the real prospect of jail time.”
Rubio to @jaketapper on fact it was prosecutors alleging Trump committed crimes. “That’s why I think people should reserve judgment, because we don't know what additional evidence they have that has not been introduced in the public record to corroborate taking that position.”
“There are thousands and thousands of rules, it’s incredibly complicated - campaign finance,” Rand Paul, on NBC, about Trump/Cohen. “We have to decide whether or not penalities are the way we should approach campaign finance,” saying an error in paperwork “ought to be a fine.”
RT @jaketapper: “It would be a mistake and I would strongly counsel against it,” @marcorubio says of a Manafort pardon, which @RepMattGaetz…
“Of course, we’re worried,” Rep. Adam Kinzinger, Republican of Illinois, on @CNNSotu about Trump implicated in two crimes
“Certainly they would be impeachable offenses,” Jerry Nadler to @jaketapper on Trump implicated in two crimes over hush money payments, calling it a “massive fraud” on public. He said whether it “rises to the gravity” of initiating impeachment proceedings is another question
RT @jeffzeleny: Good Sunday morning ... joining #InsidePolitics with @JohnKingCNN. Around the table today: @mkraju, @elianayjohnson, @seung…
RT @PoloSandovalCNN: “It's a whole new level of hypocrisy..." says former Trump National Golf Club housekeeper on being hired as undocument…
RT @jeremyherb: House Republicans release Comey transcript -- @LauraAJarrett and I are reading now to see what's inside -- stay tuned! http…
RT @kaitlancollins: There’s a reason Trump didn’t announce Nick Ayers replacing Kelly yet. Source says they’re still negotiating. Ayers tol…
RT @samstein: it really is amazing how there always is a tweet https://t.co/efGDGcLyCv
RT @gregclarycnn: George Papadopoulos makes first public appearance following stint in prison. Some applause as he takes stage at conservat…
Trump denies to reporters he directed Michael Cohen to make payments saying, “No, no.” Of course, he wasn’t under oath..
RT @abbydphillip: Trump tells reporters on the South Lawn that Chief of Staff John Kelly will be leaving the WH at the end of the year. He…
Trump’s own government connected two crimes directly to him https://t.co/y7C8MlZViA
RT @jeremyherb: Takeaways from the new Cohen and Manafort filings @CNN https://t.co/GJI0YAY9x3
RT @neal_katyal: CNN's @JeffreyToobin gets it exactly right: This is the first time in our lives that a President's own DOJ -- not some spe…
Does “wasn’t already known” mean that the WH concedes that Trump directed his attorney to commit a crime? https://t.co/dJJhF7dJbU
Paul Manafort testified to a federal grand jury twice in the past six weeks, Robert Mueller’s office said in a filing Friday.  The grand jury appearances suggest that prosecutors were using Manafort to build a criminal case against someone else, per @kpolantz
Mueller revealed that a Russian national who claimed to be well-connected in Moscow spoke with Michael Cohen in 2015 and offered “political synergy” with the Trump campaign. They spoke as Cohen was pushing Trump Tower Moscow project at Trump’s behest https://t.co/MWqacaZsVF
RT @hillhulse: Sen Grassley not letting this go. Real clash with Sen McConnell. https://t.co/v8qcnHqt3P
Comey was pressed by members about leaks that may have came from the US Attorney’s office in the Southern District of NY to Rudy Giuliani. And he said he personally ordered an investigation into New York field agents and whether any leaks came from them. https://t.co/hJLHgrvxXd
It's interesting that Comey in this comment took a whack at Trump's attacks on the Justice Department but when I asked him about his view of the Jeff Sessions firing, he said curiously: "That's not something I can comment on." https://t.co/AOsA595ect
At presser, Comey says details of transcript "will bore you" because the GOP -- "for heavens sake" -- was focusing on Clinton email probe.	But he wouldn't discuss his cooperation with Mueller team, his view of Sessions firing, and whether he knew if Rosenstein discussed a wire https://t.co/M1lDG336lH
Manafort lied to the special counsel's office on his contact with the Trump administration this year, the document alleged. He was in touch with the administration through February 2018, according to the document.	 https://t.co/cXr4zk7cq0
Mueller filing said fact that Cohen continued to work on Trump Tower Moscow — and discuss it with Trump — was material to ongoing probes, noting “it occurred at a time of sustained efforts by the Russian government to interfere with the U.S. presidential election.”	@jeremyherb
RT @ShimonPro: There is so much in the Mueller filing for Cohen:	Special counsel Robert Mueller revealed Friday that a Russian national who…
RT @jimsciutto: Tonight’s Mueller filing essentially destroys Trump world story that Special Counsel has only turned up old crimes unrelate…
RT @BresPolitico: Never seen a member of Congress do this before https://t.co/XENa3tcf28
It also said that he was in touch with WH staff and lawyers ahead of his testimony where he lied to Congress
Filing: - Trump and Cohen coordinated to silence affairs and influence election	- Cohen gave “useful information" on "discrete Russia-related matters" stemming from contact w/Trump Org 	- He provided "relevant and useful" info about people connected to WH		https://t.co/tOzXdd6ecT
Filing: "Cohen played a central role in two similar schemes to purchase the rights to stories each from women who claimed to have had an affair with Individual 1 so as to suppress the stories and thereby prevent them from influencing the election" -- in "coordination" with Trump
RT @jaketapper: House Republicans to bring Comey back to testify again https://t.co/otPP7vnoOq @mkraju reports @TheLeadCNN
People who have been convicted or pleaded guilty since Trump became POTUS	-- Trump's personal attorney	-- Trump's former campaign chairman	-- Trump's former WH national security adviser	-- Trump's former campaign adviser	-- Trump's former deputy campaign chairman
Cohen provided Mueller team “relevant and useful information” about his contacts with people connected to “connected to the White House during the 2017-2018 time period,” according to the filing.
Cohen gave special counsel info about his own contacts “with Russian interests” during l 2016 campaign and that included information about “attempts by other Russian nationals to reach the campaign.” Cohen also gave info about Russia matters because of his contact with Trump Org
Comey expressed exasperation that GOP wants to focus on Hillary emails. “For heavens sakes,” he said.		He also praised William Barr, while pushing back on Trump		“The president’s attacks broadly on the Justice Department and the FBI are something you should find deeply troubling”
Just tried to ask Comey several questions but he declined to comment. He would not say how extensively he’s cooperated with Mueller. 		He would not comment on appropriateness of Sessions firing. He declined to comment about whether he discussed wearing a wire with Rod Rosenstein
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Asked by @mkraju if Rod Rosenstein ever discusses wearing a wire with him, Comey says he can’t comment on that
Comey is coming back in two weeks, per Jim Jordan, bc House Republicans - in their final days in power - have more questions for him
RT @PhilipRucker: Two years ago, Rex Tillerson was chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, one of the most powerful industry titans in the world.…
RT @ryanobles: Several developments in #NC09. 	*@DrewGriffinCNN confirms the FBI is assisting the investigation	*NCSBE declares McCrae Dowl…
"In the questioning of Manafort, they did tell them at the time that they believed he was lying about certain things related to us that he's not lying about," Giuliani told @DanaBashCNN https://t.co/8fshaD77wJ
Chuck Schumer says Bill Barr has a “steep hill” for confirmation and must demonstrate two things: 1) Mueller probe “will proceed unimpeded;” 2) Mueller’s final report “will be made available to Congress and the public immediately upon completion.”
Gomez on Comey: “He said that we need to make sure that any appearance of bias, that we move away from it. And that Bill Barr, if he determines that there has been an appearance should probably step away from the investigation.”
Pelosi doesn’t get a vote on William Barr but sets the tone for Democrats: “The President’s proposed nomination of Mr. Barr is deeply concerning.  Barr has spent the past two years auditioning for this job by stoking partisan attacks on our nation’s law enforcement community.”
@kyledcheney I would have offered you slice, but I needed those five boxes for myself ...
And Jimmy Gomez said Comey said he wouldn’t have handled Russia/Clinton probes differently. He also asked Comey if William Barr is bias given his past comments about Mueller. He said if Barr is bias against Mueller, then he should recuse. But he also said he has respect for Barr
Raja Krishnamoorthi said that the mood was “a little bit tense” but said it was appropriate for Comey not to answer questions related to an investigation. He said Comey’s testimony is consistent with his book and previous Hill testimony.
House Democrats, emerging from the closed Comey interview, said that Comey took strong exception to President Trump’s attacks over the FBI, saying it hurts morale at the department, per Ted Deutsch
Rep. Darrell Issa told reporters that James Comey is not answering questions - on issues like the start of the Russia investigation and the Carter Page FISA - at the direction of a Justice Dept. attorney who is accompanying Comey		 “We absolutely need to get answers,” Issa said
KELLY questioned by Mueller team, per ⁦@evanperez⁩ ⁦@DanaBashCNN⁩  https://t.co/B89K7p06ge
Per Mark Meadows: There is a 415pmET hard-stop today for James Comey interview and discussion about bringing Comey back for a second day if they don’t get thru all the questions today
RT @kaitlancollins: Rex Tillerson says it was tough to go from working at Exxon to working "for a man who is pretty undisciplined, doesn’t…
RT @maggieNYT: Heading into 2020, there will be a string of senior appointees who parted ways with Trump on bad terms or think poorly of hi…
Stephen Lynch, latest Dem to flip-flop, over Pelosi, having initially signed letter opposing her and now backing her after he said he got reassurances from her, including that she will help "re-empower" the Oversight committee. (Lynch will chair a national security subcommittee)
Nadler: “It’s a waste of time to start with and there’s nothing. The entire purpose of this investigation is to cast aspersions on the real investigation which is Mueller. There is no evidence whatsoever of bias at the FBI or any other of this nonsense they are talking about.”
Why not allow this to happen in public?	 	Jordan: “Well this is how we’ve done all the others...	 	Manu: Peter Strzok was in public?	 	Rep Jordan: Yeah, well we’ve had I think this is the 16th one I’ve done like this so I think this is the right way to do it. https://t.co/vmXGSqp1c9
@timkmak It’s quite glamorous
RT @CNNnewsroom: Former FBI Director James Comey is testifying before members of the House Judiciary Committee behind closed doors on Capit…
Heading into the closed-door interview with James Comey, the incoming House Judiciary chairman, Jerry Nadler, told me he would no longer continue the GOP’s investigation into the FBI’s actions in 2016, calling it a waste of time.
Even House Dems uncertain. The incoming House Judiciary chairman, Jerry Nadler, just told me he had concerns about Whitaker not answering questions and doesn’t know much about Barr.
It remains unclear how hard Dems will fight William Barr - especially given their concerns about leaving Whitaker at the post. Sen. Feinstein, ranking Democrat on Judiciary, told me yesterday she didn’t know much about him. And Patrick Leahy praised him
Just asked Mark Meadows, who will be questioning James Comey, why not allow Comey to testify publicly as he wanted. Meadows said they may discuss classified intel and if they allowed him to testify publicly: “We would be giving him a pass that I don’t think he deserves.”
Comey arrives for his closed-door interview with House GOP-led panels
RT @burgessev: .⁦@SenatorTimScott⁩ claps back at WSJ on judicial nominees: “we should stop bringing candidates with questionable track reco…
RT @AlliemalCNN: John Kelly is expected to resign in the coming days, two sources familiar tell @kaitlancollins
It’s not even 730am, and Trump has already sent out five tweets attacking the Mueller investigation. This could be a reason: https://t.co/MT1UGjcIY6
RT @ShimonPro: NYPD have given an all clear for CNN staff to reenter the building.
RT @donie: CNN U.S. is back live, @donlemon reporting as NYPD investigates bomb threat at CNN New York offices https://t.co/0t6bNDZuPt
RT @ShimonPro: I’m outside CNN with @donlemon in New York City which has been evacuated. 	We are waiting to get on the air. 	#breakingnews…
RT @jeremyherb: NEW: FBI opened its obstruction investigation into Trump before Mueller was appointed, amid belief from Rosenstein and top…
“It's un-American. When we provide aid to other countries ... we espouse American values around the world. And to say, 'Well, no. They're going to buy some arms for us and so it's OK to kill a journalist,' sends exactly the wrong message about who we are as a country." - Corker https://t.co/ayO3vqNEki
The same day as news that David Valadao conceded to Democrat TJ Cox in CA-21, giving the Dems a net gain of 40 seats in House. Senate GOP had a 52-48 majority at beginning of Congress with 10 Dems up in states Trump won. After losing Alabama, GOP ended cycle with 53-47 Senate https://t.co/xXByZfzBS5
Dual action planned next week: Senate votes to pull back US role in Yemen, possible Foreign Relations action to slap MBS with sanctions and suspend arm sales. At lunch, GOP discussed limiting amendments on Yemen plan, pushing off floor votes on other bills https://t.co/m3J5gxJk5r
RT @JakeSherman: and with that, Dems pick up 40. https://t.co/u31GXZWo1j
Sen. John Cornyn, a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, told me this of Barr: "He would be an interesting pick. I  think getting the next nominee confirmed is going to be a little bit of a  challenge. He may be the kind of person who would be easier to  confirm."
Top Dems -- Schumer, Pelosi, Nadler, Feinstein, Schiff, Warner -- write to DOJ to "immediately" be notified about whether ethics officials have provided guidance on whether Whitaker should be recused from Mueller probe. They say they haven't gotten a response.
Positive signal to Trump from a top Dem about the prospect of picking William Barr for attorney general. 	“I saw him yesterday at the funeral.  He’s a man I’ve always respected," Patrick Leahy tells @tedbarrettcnn, adding that he "could" get "majority" of Senate R and D support
New shutdown deadline: Dec. 21
Corker just now sharply criticized the WH position and refusal to condemn Saudi Arabia for the murder, calling it “unAmerican.”		He also criticized the Saudi ambassador, calling him an individual of “zero credibility” and said discussions about expelling him are ongoing.
RT @merica: One key reason Deval Patrick declined to run in 2020 was his wife, Diane, had recently been diagnosed w/ uterine cancer &amp; had s…
At his request, Corker meeting at WH scheduled next week to discuss where things stand on Saudi. He wants to mark up the Menendez-Young legislation and the bipartisan resolution condemning MBS in committee next week before floor action, which he now thinks could happen Wednesday https://t.co/2ZcC1SRkzU
Basically to avoid a shutdown: Trump will have to agree to a stop-gap measure or the Senate’s bipartisan deal on $1.6 billion on border security. Or Dems will have to move closer to Trump on $5 billion for his wall, which both Schumer and Pelosi said they won’t do https://t.co/2EBzGOEW1h
RT @jimsciutto: Breaking: Executive Director of NC Republicans says he’s open to new election in NC-9 Congressional race. Dallas Woodhouse…
That would avoid a shutdown but would also mean Trump wouldn’t get his wall money now, punting the fight until Dems take the House next year. Would be a big concession for Trump https://t.co/RT3YK2Oxq8
"We are trying to figure out how to send the strongest message without blowing up the Senate floor for a week," Murphy said following private meeting where five senators discussed three plans to target Saudi Arabia as soon as next week https://t.co/m3J5gxJk5r
Durbin: “I said it months ago and I will say it again: we should formally expel the Saudi Ambassador to the United States given the Crown Prince’s direct involvement in the kidnapping and murder of Jamal Khashoggi.”
RT @byrdinator: Extremely deadpan Bob Corker, when asked by @mkraju what hurdles he’s facing on Yemen war powers/Saudi Arabia after a meeti…
Corker yesterday: "The CIA director came in with some analyst and gave the most precise presentation I've ever heard in 12 years .... When I said if [MBS] went before a jury he'd be found guilty in 30 minutes, one of my colleagues came up and said, 'No, no, no, no. Twenty.'" https://t.co/9bdDkCptqu
Tiny print: “Rasmussen Poll” https://t.co/UmwVTvW7tH
RT @Redistrict: Dems' national lead in House votes just surpassed 9.7 million (now 8.6%). Largest midterm raw vote margin ever; largest % m…
Corker was at a loss at how Trump came away with such a different interpretation about what happened with Khashoggi.		"I don't know what presentation he's seen. ... All I know is, I know they have access to the same intelligence I have. They can have Gina come over at any time." https://t.co/foq7f1EKnT
RT @jaketapper: NC-9 scandal: More than a thousand absentee ballots possibly destroyed https://t.co/PDoeOEL1q2 @DrewGriffinCNN reports @The…
Subpoenas have been served on the Trump Organization and a dozen linked entities in a lawsuit challenging President Donald Trump's ongoing business ties while in office, per ⁦@LauraAJarrett⁩  https://t.co/VNIJ6UPpXj
Senators just now introduced a strongly worded but non-binding resolution blaming crown price for contributing to humanitarian crisis in Yemen, the blockade of Qatar, jailing of political dissidents, killing Khashoggi. It could be part of the broader bill - if they get a deal
Raising more questions about whether Trump violated the emoluments clause of the Constitution https://t.co/GZxICTgMlT
We wrote about this dynamic last week: Several freshmen who promised voters they wouldn't support Pelosi are now going quiet or signaling that they'll vote "present" on the floor to help her. Or, they're planning to now vote for her. https://t.co/NCiPPRVL3Z
Freshmen D critics of Pelosi continue to fold: 		Haley Stevens: I “wouldn't be voting against her on the House floor in January.” https://t.co/lKa19wIllP		Gil Cisneros: "I refuse to jeopardize a Democrat being Speaker of the House." https://t.co/UiHzXyD4Hw	(h/t: @AnnieGrayerCNN)
Dianne Feinstein on Roger Stone pleading Fifth in response to her letter: "I don't know what he has to hide." On Trump tweeting that Stone has "guts" for not cooperating, she told me: "I think Americans are supposed to cooperate with their government."
"The charge leveled against Gen. Flynn is sort of a process crime," Lindsey Graham told me, saying Flynn would know if there were any collusion. "The fact you don't hear anything about that makes me suspicious that they really have collusion. But we'll know soon enough."
Asked if he had spoken to the White House about Saudi Arabia, Graham said: "They know where I'm at."		Senators to meet tomorrow to discuss a deal involving suspending arms sales to Saudi, pulling back U.S. involvement in Yemen and slapping MBS. Goal is a deal by Monday.
RT @BresPolitico: Jeff Sessions has no plans to come back to the Senate per @burgessev. "I could go back and spend time in the woods," Sess…
Corker said he would be "benevolent" and give James Mattis and Mike Pompeo the benefit of the doubt for their prior briefing, saying they may be downplaying a link with the crown prince because they haven't seen the same intelligence that the CIA director has.
Corker told me Gina Haspel gave the “most precise presentation I’ve ever heard in 12 years.”	 	He said that a colleague corrected his comments that a jury would convict MBS in 30 minutes. It would have been “20 minutes,” he said a colleague told him. https://t.co/KZL4JIu76M
Flake bogging down Senate Judiciary with the second scrapped meeting on judges in consecutive weeks - until he gets a vote on Mueller protection bill. 22 judges bottled up in committee https://t.co/nus7e0fq2f
RT @ZcohenCNN: Scoop: New satellite images reveal North Korea has significantly expanded a key long-range missile base. They also show cons…
RT @jonward11: Striking that all the former Presidents and First Ladies recited the Apostles Creed, but Trump and Melania stood silently an…
The moment Bush 43 wept as he talked about his dad being a great father and how he was joining Robin and his mom in heaven https://t.co/qLWLsKhZoV
Grey Goose and a steak from Morton's: What James Baker used to sneak to George H.W. Bush late in life, per Bush 43
Overnight, lame-duck Rs in Wisconsin moved to limit early voting days, restrict gov influence over an economic agency Evers targeted, and require legislative backing for certain decisions, something that could prevent WI from pulling out of ACA lawsuit https://t.co/g8gmeVciIS
Trump arrives at Bush 41 services, shakes Obama's hand and Michelle's hand. No eye contact with Bill Clinton or Hillary Clinton. https://t.co/YCLiaA6cFc
The decision to invite Trump also meant that the week of Bush's death would be devoted to a celebration of his life and service, not a messy public feud with Trump, per ⁦@Kevinliptakcnn⁩ ⁦@jeffzeleny⁩  https://t.co/PykQg6FvsU
Trump tries to reassure markets after confusion about what US-China agreed to and his rhetoric sent stocks tumbling https://t.co/l6HyXdKOeG
RT @jgm41: Briefed in 2011 about his funeral and lying in state, the 41st President asked with typical humility, "Do you think anyone will…
RT @KevinBogardus: I got @EPAAWheeler's official calendar under #FOIA		It's for his first full month this August as acting @EPA chief -- he…
And then will become No. 100 on the seniority list https://t.co/rFugudmX0R
Details here about the two other federal investigations Flynn is cooperating with: https://t.co/sNEkuxqjL4
RT @joshscampbell: The anatomy of a tweet... https://t.co/2A68IypHZk
“The defendant provided firsthand information about the content and context of interactions between the transition team and Russian government officials.” https://t.co/M62OJSswvo
Read the documents HERE: https://t.co/kIA5zuZ4uw
New filings: Michael Flynn has sat for 19 interviews with the Special Counsel and Justice, saying he’s helped with three probes, including a criminal one, details of which are redacted as are details about another one. He also helped with the Trump-Russia investigation
RT @CNNnewsroom: In an emotional scene, former US Sen. Bob Dole was helped out of his wheelchair and saluted the casket of former President…
RT @yashar: NEW: No clarity on whether Whitaker sought ethics advice on potential conflicts in Russia probe. @LauraAJarrett reports https:/…
RT @kpolantz: TONIGHT: Big court filing in Michael Flynn case coming.		We may learn:	-How significant his cooperation has been	-How his lie…
The challenge for Dems-Republicans is finding common ground on a proposal to slap Saudi Arabia. For instance, not all Saudi critics want to pull US involvement from Yemen, while supporters of ending US role, like Chris Murphy, worry that the bipartisan push may “water it down.”
RT @ElizLanders: I just asked @SenatorBurr about the #NC09 election:		“I think it’s in the hands of the state election board. And historica…
Stone’s attorney: “Mr. Stone was surprised by the President's Tweet yesterday. This letter (9:33am yesterday) and the one sent in September to the Senate Intel Committee preceded the President's Tweet in support of Mr. Stone."
John Cornyn breaks with others, and told me that Gina Haspel should not come back and brief the whole Senate.	"She didn't tell them anything that (Mattis and Pompeo didn't say)," Cornyn said, "so any senator who wants the information has had access to it." https://t.co/y8CbIoGuoC
Trump, during the 2016 campaign, said invoking the 5th amendment is “disgraceful” and “only the mob takes the fifth,” saying “innocent people” don’t do that
A signal to House Dems who very well may subpoena Stone - and perhaps to Mueller - a day after Trump praised Stone for having “guts” by not cooperating https://t.co/vV1aKkEcdu
Schumer: “While I will not discuss the content of the Haspel briefing, it reinforced the need for a strong response to the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. CIA Director Haspel should brief the full Senate without delay.”
RT @Evan_Rosenfeld: CNN: @mkraju: “Corker &amp; Graham are working w/ a bipartisan group of senators to try to come up with a legislative respo…
Asked Richard Shelby, who as at the CIa briefing, if the Saudis should be punished, and he said: “Somebody should be punished. Now the question is how do you separate the Saudi Crown Prince and his group from the nation itself? That might be the real policy question.”
I asked Lindsey Graham if they heard the audio of the Khashoggi murder in the CIA briefing, and he said they had not. But he said after hearing about and seeing the intel about MBS and the murder, he understands why the CIA wants to limit the number of people briefed
Elizabeth Warren sidesteps my question about whether Biden is the most qualified to be president, as he said last night. "I think the Vice President has many wonderful qualities; I'm glad to hear he's out talking about them." https://t.co/lCX5GdIl9c
Remarkable unanimity between Republicans and Democrats after Haspel briefing. Member after member say it’s crystal clear that MBS is involved in murder and the WH is willfully ignoring evidence. But members are not on the same page yet about a legislative response.
After briefing, Graham said the United States should come down like a “ton of bricks” on Saudis and he said that he can no longer do business with Saudi Arabia if the “crazy” crown prince is still running the country.	Corker said a jury would convict MBS in 30 minutes for murder
Hoyer said Dems would consider not seating Republican Mark Harris if there are still questions about election fraud in NC-9.	 	“If there is what appears to be a very substantial question on the integrity of the election, clearly we will oppose” him being seated, per @KilloughCNN
McConnell and Schumer both leave Haspel briefing without commenting. McConnell walks in silence; Schumer on phone
RT @politicoalex: BREAKING: House GOP campaign arm @NRCC suffered major hack during heat of 2018 midterm election. w/@BresPolitico https://…
Haspel briefing now includes the Dem and GOP leaders of Senate Foreign Relations, Senate Intel, Senate Approps, Senate Foreign Ops subcommittee, Senate Armed Services — and McConnell and Schumer
Rand Paul today has been railing on “deep state” for preventing CIA from provided info on Khashoggi murder to more senators. He complained they are acting like an “oligarchy.” I asked him why he doesn’t blame WH for limiting information, and he mostly blamed the intel community
Corker: “There’s been no response, and what happens over time is leaders like him believe that they can get away with killing people around the world, dissidents who are criticizing them. Well that’s not a world we need to be living in, that’s certainly not an American value.” https://t.co/dJiGa2l2P3
As for her timeline, Warren said: “I said that I would take a hard look after the election, and I’m doing exactly that right now.”		A hard look meaning by the end of the year?		Warren: “No timeline on it. I’m working on it right now”
Just asked Elizabeth Warren if she agrees Joe Biden is the most qualified person to run for president, as he said last night, and she said: “I think that the Vice President has many wonderful qualities, I’m glad to hear he’s out talking about them.”
Corker said he wished Gina Haspel was briefing full Senate - not just a small group of senators, though he didn’t know if the WH were limiting it. He said that he and a bipartisan group of senators are working on a deal to target Saudi, hoping it could be on the floor by Monday
Corker pushed back at WH contention there is no “direct evidence” to tie murder of Khashoggi to the crown prince, telling me that MBS “owns it.”  By not responding, “what happens over time is leaders around  world think they can get away with it” by killing dissidents, he said
McConnell, asked about midterms, said it was “disturbing” what happened to GOP in suburbia, noting how they lost with suburban, college educated and women voters. FWIW: I asked him about this at his post-election presser, and he sidestepped it and wanted to focus on Senate gains
McConnell, speaking at WSJ event last night, said border wall funding to avoid shutdown is all up to Schumer, Pelosi and Trump. He also seemed skeptical there‘d be time to put criminal justice on the floor, while he said looking the other way on Saudi Arabia is “not appropriate”
Tomorrow morning’s classified briefing with the CIA over Saudi Arabia and the Khashoggi murder will be for a key group of senators, including Corker, Menendez, Reed, Inhofe, Graham, Leahy, we are told
RT @jaketapper: Solemn gathering of lawmakers in the Capitol Rotunda https://t.co/gjuerkoSE4 @mkraju reports @TheLeadCNN
House GOP files two-week CR to keep government open til Dec. 21. But with no votes this week and given Senate procedures, it will require unanimous consent to pass, meaning any one member can object and muck things up - or prompt shorter CR
Bush 41 arrives https://t.co/fQDNmxCPxU
After McConnell gave remarks on floor on George H.W. Bush, and after Schumer speaks, Senate will close shop til Tuesday afternoon. No word yet on CR, which will be needed to keep govt. open past Friday. But they will have to get cooperation from all senators to pass it quickly
Senate authorizes use of this catafalque to hold casket for George HW Bush’s services. Same catafalque has been used since Lincoln in 1865 https://t.co/llOhrL7TiZ
Big signal here from Trump of a potential pardon if Stone gets indicted/convicted, encouraging him not to cooperate with federal prosecutors investigating Russian interference in the 2016 elections https://t.co/fGL2JZiLyK
Trump's attorneys concurred with Cohen's timeline of Trump Tower Moscow. Cohen separately said in court that "in coordination and at the direction" of Trump, he engaged in hush money scheme to silence Stormy Daniels and K. McDougal https://t.co/HLMHc2sTzy https://t.co/NIEIo6Qq35
Trump not speaking at Wednesday’s services  https://t.co/HTwNwBbGfN
John Kennedy not running for Louisiana governor. "I love being in the United States Senate.  I will not be a candidate for Governor in 2019."
RT @jgm41: The 41st President will be carried to his final rest wearing socks that pay tribute to his lifetime of service, starting as an 1…
RT @jaketapper: In 2002, CNN accompanied George H.W. Bush to the site of his harrowing plane crash in WWII  https://t.co/IbnWgJbx30
Trump has abandoned all talk of Mexico paying for the wall https://t.co/5Od7z74OW1
”As much that he wishes to implement the rest of the agreement with Chairman Kim and that he will make true what Chairman Kim wishes.”
A message South Korea’s president said Trump asked him to pass along to Kim Jong Un: “A message that President Trump has a very amicable view of Chairman Kim and that he likes Chairman Kim...
RT @adamgoldmanNYT: If Mueller has proved anything in his 18-month investigation — besides how intensely Russia meddled in an American pres…
RT @jmartNYT: The Trump tirade against the House Rs was deeply embarrassing for their colleagues but few spoke out. 		@RepKinzinger was an…
@BresPolitico Only the Giants could blow a 10-point lead with less than two minutes left against a second-string QB and barely win in OT...
Per @LauraAJarrett, Comey’s attorney says he has agreed to sit for a voluntary interview on Dec. 7 - and  House Judiciary will make available to Comey a full transcript within 24 hours of his testimony or “as soon as is reasonably practicable”
House GOP will interview Comey behind closed doors - and likely Lynch too this month - in one of its last acts of power. GOP promises to release Comey transcript, but also had vowed to release Strzok transcript of private intvw, which hasn’t yet happened  https://t.co/U4m8eWdN7v
Schiff this AM says that since Trump was pushing for the Trump Tower Moscow project in 2016 as he was also calling for easing sanctions on Russia suggests Kremlin had “deeply compromising” information on Trump
RT @CNNSotu: James Baker on former President George H.W. Bush's final words: “They got 43 on the phone and 43 said, ‘I love you dad and I j…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: good ⁦@arogDC⁩ look at where things stand with the First Step Act a few weeks from the end of the 115th Congress	https:…
“I don’t equate toughness with just attacking an individual,” Bush said. https://t.co/DhEqs2Za5B
RT @jeffzeleny: NEWS: President Trump has agreed to leave tariffs on $200 billion worth of product at the 10% rate, and not raise it to 25%…
RT @GlennKesslerWP: What kind of staff work allows a presidential statement on the passing of the president to not even get the basic histo…
RT @JonLemire: Mr. Bush suddenly grew alert, his eyes wide open. “Where are we going, Bake?” he asked.		“We’re going to heaven,” Mr. Baker…
Unclear how Trump’s pursuit of Trump Tower Moscow project - and Cohen’s efforts to cover it up - fit into the broader picture? This timeline will clear things up. via @MarshallCohen @talyellin https://t.co/D0vIr0HExq
President George HW Bush will lie in state in the Capitol Rotunda, arriving at 5pm Monday. The public can pay its respects from 7:30pm Monday to Wednesday morning 7am
RT @evanperez: So many lies. Why? https://t.co/YbBH3SgLFf
RT @kristindonnelly: An absolutely amazing story @jamiegangel told on @CNN just now— the first person to call Al Gore after it was announce…
Trump in July: “Thousand points of light, what the hell was that by the way? Thousand points of light, what did that mean, does anyone know? I know one thing, Make America Great Again we understand. .. Thousand points of light, I never quite got that one. What the hell is that?“ https://t.co/dSs9OTjXJj
RT @jaketapper: The letter George H.W. Bush left for Clinton is a lesson in elegance @CNN https://t.co/gxFDe6lSyf
RT @CNNTonight: Former US President George H.W. Bush has died at age 94 in Houston, according to his spokesperson. Born into privilege and…
Late tonight, more big Michael Cohen news. New court filing says he kept Trump apprised of his communications regarding Trump Tower Moscow, including a “lengthy substantive conversation” w/ a personal assistant to a top Kremlin official and other interactions as late of June 2016
RT @yashar: NEW: A highly classified CIA report says Saudi crown prince sent 11 messages to top aide who oversaw hit squad in the hours aro…
RT @brianstelter: CNN's complete obit for George H.W. Bush: "His death marks not only the passing of a president but a reminder of a bygone…
RT @BigTenNetwork: Final: Wisconsin 72, Iowa 66 https://t.co/eaxM3HIQrH
Buckle up: Trump holding a presser tomorrow afternoon in Argentina at 1:45pET
RT @MarshallCohen: BREAKING: After a trip to Mar-a-Lago this year, Michael Cohen believed Trump would offer him a pardon if he stayed on me…
Elissa Slotkin wouldn’t say all week if she voted for Pelosi, then ultimately said she voted against her in caucus but mum about floor. Haley Stevens wouldn’t discuss it. Gil Cisneros “we’ll see” about floor. Mikie Sherrill won’t say what she’ll do on floor after opposing Pelosi https://t.co/qxprmEU2GV
Don’t expect Loretta Lynch on Hill next week. Despite House Judiciary subpoena for deposition next week, she’s in talks with the panel to come later in December, @LauraAJarrett and I are told, taking a different tack than Comey so far
Some of Pelosi’s freshmen critics - who vowed to oppose her on trail - suddenly go quiet about how they’ll vote on floor. Sources say some Pelosi critics weigh voting “present” on floor as they face a dilemma. w/⁦@AnnieGrayerCNN⁩ ⁦@KilloughCNN⁩ https://t.co/NCiPPRVL3Z
And then he yelled repeatedly: “Get lost buddy!" Of course, Rohrabacher met with Assange and was interviewed by both House and Senate Intel as part of their Russia probes. https://t.co/1r26y9CUVO
I asked Dana Rohrabacher if he met w/Mueller team, and he said he hadn't -- and then fumed.		"Obviously all the news stories you guys have been printing have been bogus and based on political bullshit...Have any of your stories ever used the words, Putin's favorite congressman?”
Whitaker agrees to testify before House Judiciary during "mutually agreeable date" in Jan., Nadler and Cummings say after speaking with him by phone. Per Dems, he said he'd "continue to follow all of the regulations, policies and procedures" of DOJ, including over Mueller probe
But I'm told that Senate Intel did NOT refer Michael Cohen for prosecution; the committee did share transcripts of his interview with Mueller's team, with the permission of Cohen's attorney
Richard Burr: "We have shared, when permission has been given by those that we interview, interview notes with the Department of Justice and specifically with the special prosecutor. ... We have made referrals from our committee to the special prosecutor for prosecution."
A minute is a very long time in an earthquake https://t.co/nU302nbrp8
Rep. Jim Costa, who voted against Pelosi in caucus, signals openness to vote for her on the floor. “We need assurances that the House will focus on a bipartisan infrastructure proposal, one that would increase investments in our future water needs and improve transportation”
RT @vplus: Records show Whitaker knew of allegations of fraud at Florida scam company	 https://t.co/TbIh8clM8T
Zinke was responding to this op-ed: https://t.co/ao0Xe6jTHv Grijalva responded to Zinke calling him a drunk: “The American people know who I’m here to serve, and they know in whose interests I’m acting. They don’t know the same about Secretary Zinke.” https://t.co/X82iyPUm85
RT @FoxReports: Secretary Ryan Zinke issues statement in response to @RepRaulGrijalva op-ed. Should make for some interesting hearings in c…
RT @burgessev: McCaskill: "People have black armbands on around the Democratic caucus, because it feels like we've lost Lindsey Graham. He…
President Trump and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman "exchanged pleasantries" at the G20 leaders session, a White House official said.  “We had no discussion. We might but we had none," Trump told the pool shrugging, per @AlliemalCNN
Ya can’t make it up https://t.co/tQR6EV2YSk
RT @ZekeJMiller: Office of the Special Counsel (not to be confused with Mueller) finds six White House aides violated Hatch Act. Issues war…
RT @jaketapper: Like the NBA All-Star Game locker room, except about murdering dissidents and getting away with it https://t.co/rvwe8rBK8w
Pelosi sidesteps question on what House Democrats should investigate in light of Cohen news and Trump's 2016 involvement in Trump Tower Moscow project. "That will be up to the committees," she said
CNN: Judge Trevor McFadden has scheduled a hearing for 2pm today on Comey’s motion to quash a House Judiciary subpoena for him to appear behind closed doors next week.  Comey argues he is willing to appear publicly.	 	Comey has been subpoenaed to appear at 10a on Monday 12/3.
RT @kpolantz: In 20 minutes: Judge Amy Berman Jackson responds to prosecutors' announcement that Manafort breached his plea agreement.  Man…
“I’m not ruling it out, but it’s certainly a long way from my mind,” Jeff Flake on challenging Trump in 2020, speaking to @PoppyHarlowCNN
RT @eorden: Ivanka Trump was poised to have a Trump Tower Moscow spa named after her, with Ivanka or her designee to be given "sole and abs…
RT @CNNPolitics: A former Trump White House lawyer is being considered for attorney general https://t.co/miA0r5X8AG https://t.co/k5W8WUpl8x
Context for Trump’s Twitter tirade railing on Mueller: president’s legal team was informed last night about Michael Cohen’s plea, per @evanperez @PamelaBrownCNN https://t.co/nQ6Drk17he
"I think it would have teeth," Corker said of the developing deal to target Saudi Arabia, which he said he hoped would be on floor Tuesday or Wednesday of next week. He wants to offer it as a substitute for the resolution seeking to end US role in Yemen https://t.co/MbTx9OGOXv
Here’s Tim Scott’s statement opposing the controversial Farr nomination, sinking it this Congress. Trump could renominate him in the next Congress. https://t.co/B7fTk9XYx6
GOP mum on Cohen news. Sen. Johnson, who has blasted FBI handling of Clinton and Russia probes, pleaded ignorance on the Cohen news. Citing Hogan's Heroes, he said: "Sergeant Schultz says, 'I know nothing. I know nothing.' I really have no comment on it." https://t.co/NHDr2sJUKp
RT @LauraAJarrett: .@Comey files new motion to quash the House subpoena served just before Thanksgiving; lawyers argue the committees leak…
Oy https://t.co/t70P4J2iiR
RT @ElizLanders: .@JohnKennedyLA told reporters a few moments ago that he will “issue a statement” on Monday with his decision on whether h…
@benpershing @rachaelmbade @heatherscope @JakeSherman @BresPolitico I may make this my new profile picture
@burgessev Jerry Moran was the first to vote and first to leave
"It would be a shame if the country suffered because of a Trump temper tantrum," Schumer says, saying Trump "hasn't even tried to get Mexico to pay for it."
Trump, Schumer says, is "manufacturing a shutdown" to fire up his base.		These are the options, Schumer says:	- Approve bipartisan Senate agreement for $1.6 billion for border security, including fencing on border 	- Or could pass continuing resolution just for DHS for FULL YEAR
Schumer says they are in "good-faith negotiations" with Republicans to keep government open past next Friday. But he says "the bad news is that seven appropriations bill are hanging in the balance because of President Trump," pointing to Trump demanding $5 billion for a wall
Asked Thom Tillis, co-sponsor of "Protect Mueller" bill, if it were now time to vote on bill, as Flake is demanding. "I’m prepared to vote. I just don’t believe there’s a path to getting to the president's desk. I don’t like show votes, I like results votes."
What's interesting about this is that Burr and Warner had agreed to bring back Cohen -- and force him to testify in public. Then, Burr backed off and threw cold water on more testimony. Burr now says the committee wanted him back. https://t.co/Ba4vSmkZRw https://t.co/kzoA4PQEuA
Richard Burr: “Michael Cohen’s indictment and guilty plea is once again an example that you cannot lie to Congress without consequences. It should be no surprise that Mr. Cohen has had in his possession for months a letter requesting return visits to the Committee.”
And yet Trump dismissed the news this morning and called Michael Cohen a “liar”... https://t.co/khEKDQIuVo
Asked Lindsey Graham about Cohen news, and he called it a “process crime.” Most Republicans downplaying the news, saying they haven’t followed it or saying it’s all about Cohen lying to Congress, while dismissing Trump’s knowledge of Trump Tower Moscow project
Lindsey Graham says he’s been told that the CIA briefing on Saudi is now going to happen. He said he expects it to happen next week - then he will decide how hard to go after the Saudis
Cohen in court said that the Trump Tower Moscow discussions continued through June 2016 - not January 2016 like he told the Hill - and he had “more extensive communications” with Trump than he said in his testimony before Congress, when he contended those talks were limited
Rep.-elect Mikie Sherrill of NJ announces she did NOT back Pelosi in the caucus vote yesterday. She doesn’t say if she will vote against Pelosi on the floor, and she hasn’t answered our questions in the halls. She said she made a “commitment” to seek “new leaders”
Per @MarshallCohen, Trump falsely said today the Trump Tower Moscow project “was a very public deal. Everybody knows about this deal.”	 	This first came to light in August 2017 when Cohen testified to the House Intelligence Committee about it - and lied about it.
Trump’s reaction to Russian aggression over Ukrainian ships has been tepid since the news broke over the weekend. But just a couple hours after Cohen news breaks about his knowledge of the Trump Tower Moscow project, Trump scraps Putin meeting https://t.co/C1xbRZ1hkr
Schiff told us his panel would be “looking into this issue of whether the Russians possess financial leverage over the president of the United States.”		“We need to look into credible allegations that the Russians may has been laundering money through the Trump Organization“
Schiff told us that his panel will try to bring in Cohen and also investigate whether there was any Russian money laundering through Trump Org. Schiff also said he plans to provide transcripts of HPSCI witnesses to Mueller’s team to see if others like Roger Stone lied to Hill
RT @jdawsey1: Trump says Michael Cohen is a "weak person" and a liar as he leaves White House.
FYI - deleted previous tweet that had a wrong date
Nadler: “He lied to Congress apparently about dealings between Trump and Russia, that leads me to suspect that there are more dealings that the president wanted hidden. And this raises all kinds of questions..whether the Russian government has any kind of hold over the President”
Nancy Pelosi on if she’s concerned Cohen lied to Congress: “Of course, I am. He’s lying to the American people.”
The incoming House Judiciary chairman, Jerry Nadler, told us Cohen plea raises serious questions about what the Russian government has over Trump. He said Congress will investigate.		I asked if this raises impeachment possibility, he said: “That obviously depends on what we find”
Michael Cohen admitted he kept Donald Trump apprised of the project longer than previously acknowledged. - @eorden
CNN: According to information which is being read out in court, Cohen made a false statement regarding Trump Tower deal in Moscow that he was working on in 2015 and 2016. He had discussion about the project even later. Cohen had previously said the deal was stopped in Jan 2016
Michael Cohen to plead guilty to misleading Congress in the Russia investigation, a huge development that raises questions about how it will impact President Trump, per @PamelaBrownCNN
RT @betsy_klein: President Trump has threatened to cancel his meeting with Vladimir Putin at the G20, but Russia has announced a date and t…
More than a year after Las Vegas shooting, Trump admin to announce ban on bump stocks, per ⁦@evanperez⁩ ⁦⁦@LauraAJarrett⁩ ⁦@davidgshortell⁩	https://t.co/FJORnTlNln
Schiff to me: Corsi revelations "suggest that Roger Stone’s testimony before our committee may have been far less than truthful, it's important  to provide that testimony to the special counsel so that a determination can be made about whether any witness committed perjury fraud" https://t.co/95bB67lk0v
Rep. Gil Cisneros told me: “In the caucus, i did what I always say: It’s time  for new leadership, no voices - I voted in that.”		Will you vote no on floor? “We will see.”
Freshmen critical of Pelosi in campaign continued to avoid answering questions tonight on if they'd support her.		Elissa Slotkin: “I’m not talking.”		Jason Crowe: would not answer and left down a stair case		Mikie Sherrill left meeting on a cell phone
RT @Phil_Mattingly: 45-day extension of US troops' border mission is under discussion, via @barbarastarrcnn &amp; @Geneva_Sands https://t.co/Gs…
@BresPolitico @heatherscope @rachaelmbade @JakeSherman Only after @JakeSherman voted present
RT @CNNSitRoom: Dem Rep. @AdamSchiff tells CNN's @mkraju that he is not satisfied with President Trump’s written responses to special couns…
RT @jbendery: Republicans were hoping to vote a LOT of judicial nominees out of the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday. 		Grassley just…
Finkenauer issues a statement later announcing support for Pelosi
Art of the dodge: A number of incoming freshmen who had been critical of Pelosi during the campaign were vague about how they voted.	Haley Stevens dodged questions on how she would vote today. Dean Phillips, Rep. Abby Finkenauer and Lucy Mcbath all wouldn’t answer @AnnieGrayerCNN
Pelosi on the 203 votes she got in the caucus: “I’m so excited. It’s much bigger than anybody expected.”
A major rebuke to the WH just hours after Pompeo and Mattis try to convince senators to keep supporting the Saudi war in Yemen. Many dissatisfied about lack of Haspel briefing. This tees up the critical votes next week https://t.co/6sa0B7t9Zu
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Sen. Lindsey Graham just switched his vote on the motion to discharge the Yemen resolution to "yes." Then gave @ChrisMu…
This gives the administration more time to try to stop the measure - and if it passes, will intensify pressure on WH to let CIA brief sens on Khashoggi murder. If WH and GOP leaders were confident they’d stop this, they’d just table it today. Instead they are trying to punt https://t.co/dQ3dHbGy1u
Rice told us voters wanted “change” during the midterms, including new leaders in the House. She refused to give Pelosi credit for the midterm successes, crediting the individual candidates who won including those who ran away from Pelosi.
Kathleen Rice, chief Pelosi critic who met with Dem leader today, demanded a “succession plan” before the ‘no’ votes flip their position and back Pelosi on floor. She insisted that Pelosi will fall short of 218 on floor, saying a candidate to succeed her will eventually emerge
Hoyer elected as majority leader by acclamation, showing the difference with Pelosi who also ran unopposed but had to face a secret ballot vote that was requested by her critics so they could register their opposition
I asked Pelosi about this and she said: “I’m talking about scores of members of Congress who just gave me a vote – are giving me a vote of confidence. That is where our focus is. Are there dissenters? Yes. But I expect to have a powerful vote as we go forward.” https://t.co/vqt3v88pwj
In 2016, she lost 63 votes in the House Democratic Caucus when she ran for Democratic leader against Tim Ryan. Ultimately just four voted against her on the floor in 2017.
Nancy Pelosi nominated as speaker by House Democrats by a 203-32 vote. Three ballots were blank. One was absent. She can’t lose more than 17 on the floor if Dems hold 235 seats and all members vote for a candidate. She’ll have to flip 15 votes, something she’s done before
RT @KilloughCNN: Asked by @mkraju about her meeting with detractors, Pelosi pointed to the “scores” of members who are supporting her for s…
Reps. Ryan, Moulton and Rice attended the meeting with Pelosi - not the others part of the group, per @KilloughCNN
Rep. Kathleen Rice: “Moments ago we met with Leader Pelosi and tried to engage her in a reasonable conversation about leadership transition. Unfortunately, our concerns were dismissed outright. We remain united behind our goal of new leadership“ and will vote against her on floor
RT @CNNnewsroom: CNN’s @mkraju reports that the Senate voted by an extremely narrow margin to advance controversial judicial nominee Thomas…
RT @scottwongDC: Both Barbara Lee and Jackie Speier emerged from the vote saying "ageism and sexism" were a factor in this outcome https://…
Secret ballot vote to nominate Pelosi as speaker starting NOW. She didn’t speak, nor did her critics. But several spoke in favor of her, including Kennedy, Schiff, Swalwell and others, per attendees
Flake the lone Republican to vote no on advancing the Thomas Farr nomination  https://t.co/50PuRSeZLR
Pelosi secures more votes after deal reached with Problem Solvers Caucus on rules changes. https://t.co/4DydTLLrF8
Joe Kennedy - himself viewed by Ds as a potential speaker - is nominating Pelosi for speaker now. I asked him if he thinks Pelosi should specify when she’d leave. “I think that’s a question for her. Look, I think we are going to see an extraordinary outpouring of support for her”
Schiff on Corsi: “It also suggest that Roger Stone’s testimony before our committee may have been far less than truthful, it’s important  to provide that testimony to the special counsel so that a determination can be made about whether any witness committed perjury fraud.”
Schiff also said that they want to get the records from Jerome Corsi and pursue testimony from him to see if Roger Stone misled House Intelligence when he testified to the panel. At that point, Mueller can investigate any further action against Stone, he contended.
Adam Schiff told me that Trump’s written responses to Mueller are “not adequate” and his panel would be pursuing phone records to learn the identity of the blocked number of the individual Don Jr spoke with potentially about the Trump Tower meeting.
Trump told special counsel Robert Mueller in writing that Roger Stone did not tell him about WikiLeaks, nor was he told about the 2016 Trump Tower meeting between his son and Russians, per @DanaBashCNN @KaraScannell @evanperez https://t.co/15Gm8dSHfo
Chris Coons, who previously voted against the resolution to end US involvement in Yemen, just told me he plans to vote for resolution because of concerns of the administration’s handling of the situation. “I left profoundly dissatisfied,” he said of Pompeo/Mattis briefing
Stephen Lynch, a D who signed the anti-Pelosi letter, walked out of the caucus meeting with Pelosi.	Speaking to reporters afterward, Lynch said he told Pelosi that he can be persuaded to support her as soon as TODAY. @KilloughCNN
Thune thinks the resolution to pull US involvement out of Yemen will fail, calling it “counterproductive.”  		Expects it to be tabled.  “I suspect that it fails,” he said 		“At least right now,” he added.  @tedbarrettcnn
Jeffries claims to reporters he doesn’t aspire to be speaker one day, and says he thinks it’s appropriate for Pelosi to not specify when she’s leaving
Yesterday John Bolton said it was “certainly not” the case the WH was preventing Haspel from attending today https://t.co/HZBvXmwj3M
Dems break for lunch, they reconvene at 1p and begin discussion over speaker 		Several critics of Pelosi - Reps. Rice and Ryan - declined to comment when they left.		“The ball is in her court,” Moulton told me, as he said he still believes she lacks the votes.
Pelosi is closing in on a deal with bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus ahead of speaker’s vote this afternoon, according to Rep. Jim McGovern, the incoming Rules chairman, and members of group. Nine Dems have withheld their votes until Pelosi endorses several rules changes
Hakeem Jeffries beats Barbara Lee, 123-113, for Dem Caucus chair
Rep. Joe Crowley, the NY Democrat who lost his primary to Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, just sang an Irish ballad to the House Democratic Caucus. The caucus gave him a standing ovation, per attendees
House Dems will be voting rest of this hour for caucus chair - between Hakeem Jeffries and Barbara Lee. After this vote, presentations will begin for speaker’s race, where a Pelosi is currently running uncontested. Outcome of speaker’s vote won’t be known til early-mid afternoon
Rep. Brian Higgins, one of anti-Pelosi Dems who is now backing Pelosi, says he spoke to the rebels and some are looking for an “out.”		He said he encouraged them to ask Pelosi for policy commitments in exchange for support (like he did). 		“Life is about leverage.” @KilloughCNN
Mike Pompeo arrives in Capitol and faces @tedbarrettcnn, who asks if his “caterwauling” comment on Khashoggi murder was best way to woo senators to oppose resolution ending US role in Saudi war in Yemen.	“I don’t have anything to say to you this morning. Thanks for your question”
Marcia Fudge claims that Pelosi offering her subcommittee gavel was only “part” of the reason why she didn’t challenge her. “I knew that we had become so divided as a caucus that it just really wasn’t worth it anymore,” she just told me. https://t.co/X6FHJlCtPL
RT @HotlineJosh: McConnell holding 53 Senate seats + the ever-growing rural vote for Rs makes 2020 Senate majority challenging for Ds.		Dem…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: in advance of the Caucus vote, do read the @mkraju @KilloughCNN @AnnieGrayerCNN look at how Pelosi has gone about tryin…
RT @jdawsey1: The president just retweeted a vice presidential parody account. https://t.co/HDNMo2y46m
Secretary of State characterizes the reaction to the brutal murder of a journalist as a “media pile-on” and shrill howling on Capitol Hill https://t.co/5EAlkL00cn
"It doesn't seem like there's an alternative as part of their strategy," said Cheri Bustos, whom the critics reached out to and urged her to run against Pelosi. Others want more from Pelosi: Rep. Dan Lipinski: “I will put a blank ballot." w/@KilloughCNN @AnnieGrayerCNN
Kathleen Rice, leader of anti-Pelosi effort, has been fielding a flurry of calls from donors and party bosses to get behind Pelosi. Ayanna Pressley has been given a position on gun task force, and others cutting deals. Rice says they’ll still stop Pelosi. https://t.co/X6FHJlCtPL
And a tiny fraction of national Dem money was spent in MS compared to each of those three states https://t.co/PoTpiHHPP1
RT @StevenTDennis: There have been just under 2,000 United States Senators in American history. 		Just 10 of them - 10! - have been black.…
GOP will hold a 53-47 Senate majority in new Congress - up from 52-48 at the beginning of this Congress - after Cindy Hyde-Smith defeats Democratic challenger Mike Espy in #mssen runoff
"I'm not blaming anybody," Trump says several times ...  just as he blames the Fed for problems in the market.  https://t.co/v4NdW6srlw
RT @kpolantz: Jerome Corsi has not been charged with a crime. But he’s leaked to @cnn the documents he says Mueller drafted to get him to p…
Schumer’s office says $1.6 billion in funding Dems want is for border security generally - fencing, not a concrete wall. Schumer at presser: “The $1.6 billion for border security negotiated by Democrats and Republicans is our position.” He would not say if they’d support more
Schumer’s office says the $1.6 billion in funding Democrats want is for border security generally - fencing, not a concrete wall as Trump wants to spend $5B for. Schumer at presser: “The $1.6 billion for border security negotiated by Democrats and Republicans is our position” https://t.co/nU38Z3Onv8
RAJU: Are you shutting the door to anything above $1.6 billion?SCHUMER: This is our position, we're not negotiating in the press, this is our position
Scalise after WH meeting: “The president has been very clear that he needs $5 billion to properly secure the border," he said. "We need to be there for him and make sure this gets signed." Schumer earlier: “Stick to the $1.6 billion.”
McConnell clearly irked that giving Flake a vote on this would eat up precious floor time - and says he would probably object to efforts tomorrow to call it up for a vote. But he may ultimately have to give in to get all Trump’s pending judicial nominees confirmed https://t.co/P2NvsO3WlF
McConnell raised concerns about “abhorrent” actions by Saudi Arabia when I asked him if he believes crown prince should be punished for Khashoggi killing. He said they are currently discussing how to respond. He would not respond to questions if Haspel should brief sens tomorrow
Sen. Chuck Schumer tells reporters at his on-cam presser that Democrats’ position is $1.6 billion for wall funding - far less than the $5 billion Trump wants - but he won’t say if Democrats are shutting the door on anything more, saying he’s not going to negotiate in public.
RT @Call_Me_Dutch: I am currently at Walter Reed Medical in Bethesda where we've been told there is an active shooter. I am currently safe…
RT @AaronBlake: .@PressSec is asked whether she remains confident that nobody in Trump campaign was involved with WikiLeaks's disclosures…
“We haven’t seen definitive evidence” tying Saudi crown prince MBS to Khashoggi murder, said Sarah Sanders. She also said she “wouldn’t rule out” Trump interacting with the crown prince
RT @jimsciutto: New: President Trump will discuss security and regional issues with Vladimir Putin when they meet this week at G20 in Argen…
"If it fails, that's it -- I can't require passage," Flake said when asked about Mueller bill, a sign he won’t demand it be attached to spending bill. "What I can require is that it be brought to a vote." He also wouldn’t commit to backing Farr nomination  https://t.co/hVjvkq3O2b
Mark Warner on Guardian report about Manafort apparently meeting with Assange: “I’d like to know if the story is accurate or not”		I asked him if he were aware of it, and he said he wants to know if it’s accurate, a sign that this report is news to Senate Intelligence Committee
Sen. Susan Collins told me she would support the district court nomination of Thomas Farr, saying she met with him and he alleviated her concerns, while also noting the American Bar Association’s position on him — a big boost for GOP with his nomination hanging by a thread
RT @DanaBashCNN: Trump lawyer @RudyGiuliani tells me #manafort lawyers told him they were running into trouble with Mueller. “We discuss th…
Tim Scott told me he was still “doing my homework” when asked about his views of the controversial district court nominee, Thomas Farr.	Scott also said there are “probably 25-26 yesses” on the GOP side on the criminal justice bill and will add another 3 or 4 R senators backing it
Senate GOP leaders may allow bill to protect Mueller to come up for a vote - in order to placate Flake on judges, Republicans say. But bill unlikely to pass. “There is a possibility we will have a vote on the Mueller, so-called Mueller protection bill.” https://t.co/ASZunSOgue
Incoming freshman Jahana Hayes, Pelosi critic during campaign who said she wouldn’t back her for speaker at the time, announces her support for Pelosi. She had not signed the letter.
RT @CNNPRUK: A @cnni poll released today shows high levels of anti-Semitism across Europe and a shocking lack of awareness of the Holocaust…
Several people caught up in Mueller probe, including the president’s close confidante Michael Flynn, have actually pleaded guilty to lying https://t.co/3uV7Gvr7Fw
RT @Redistrict: House Republicans will represent 17% fewer seats in January. But they'll also represent:		37% fewer Asian constituents	28%…
And now a very rare event: a White House briefing with Sarah Sanders at 1pm tomorrow
“Simply put, this isn't true at all,” ⁦@MarshallCohen⁩ fact checks Trump saying Bush and Obama had "the exact same policy” on family separations of migrants at the border. “In some ways, they had opposite policies.” https://t.co/6wHOSLRnD2
Trump tomorrow: Lunch with Mattis and Pompeo, a day before they’ll field senators’ questions about Saudi Arabia and Yemen - followed by private meeting with House GOP leaders in their final days in the majority
The anti-Pelosi group, lacking a challenger and struggling to keep their faction in line, insist they’ll still be able to stop her. At the moment this is their plan: Deny Pelosi votes on floor, hoping doing so would convince someone else to step forward https://t.co/v2qO3soOUH
RT @ToluseO: CBP Commissioner contradicts Trump, saying none of his agents  were seriously injured at the border Sunday.		Trump just told t…
Trump, in MS rally, dismisses his party’s potential 40-seat loss in House, instead points to House candidates he campaigned for who won and the fact GOP held Senate. He doesn’t mention the candidates who lost despite his campaigning for them. Said they “almost won“ tough races
With Democrat T.J. Cox pulling ahead of the Republican David Valadao in #ca21, Democrats could pick up 40 seats.	 	So far, Democrats have picked up 38 seats.	 	The overall balance of power according to CNN projections:	 	Democrats – 233	Republicans – 200	Undecided - 2
RT @Kevinliptakcnn: In Miss., President Trump says the tear gas fired on migrants on the US-Mexico border was "very safe," and questions wh…
Dems tamp down talk of Mueller bill causing shutdown. “Nobody has said it that way," Patty Murray told me.	Asked if a shutdown could occur over the special counsel bill, Murray said: "There are so many others in the way -- I don't see that being one." https://t.co/ZVWl4OD5eF
“It’s not an appropriate forum,” outgoing House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte to @ErinBurnett on having @Comey testify in a public session, saying members having five minutes each to ask questions is not sufficient to get answers
RT @kpolantz: BREAKING: Paul Manafort LIED to FBI and special counsel’s office “on a variety of subject matters” after pleading guilty. 		P…
Corker said he expected the Senate to vote this week on a resolution to end US involvement in the Saudi-led war in Yemen. That measure was tabled earlier this year, but its chances may be stronger now in light of Khashoggi murder.	https://t.co/1gb7Rrl1Tl
I asked Shelby if Trump would back off his $5 billion request to fund the border wall, and he said: "Not from my conversation with him."		But he added that it "depends on how the money is configured" since some money already appropriated by Congress has yet to be spent on wall
Schumer on the floor called for the special counsel protection bill to be added to the spending bill but did not issue an ultimatum or warn that there could be a shutdown over it. He said Dems will “push” to add it to funding bill if McConnell doesn’t give it a floor vote
"I'm leaving all options open," Mia Love to @jaketapper on a future run for office.
In response to Saudi, Corker tells us he expects a vote this week on Lee-Sanders-Murphy resolution calling to end U.S. involvement in Yemen, potential committee action on Saudi on Weds. -- and he wants Haspel briefing -- not just Mattis and Pompeo. "There will be a lot happening"
Trump breaks silence on Russians seizing Ukraine ships, saying he's "not happy at all" by renewal of tensions	  	 "Not good. Not happy about it at all," Trump said, adding that U.S. had "let our position be known" but didn't go much further
"The President's behavior towards me made me wonder: What did he have to gain by saying such a thing about a fellow Republican," Love said in speech today. “It was not really about asking him to do more, was it? Or was it something else?“ https://t.co/RbvjM6f7sC
After Mia Love concession in Utah, Dems have now picked up at least 38 House seats, making balance of power:	 	Democrats – 233	Republicans – 201	Undecided - 1
GOP groups outpacing Dem spending in #mssen runoff, with Republican outside groups spending nearly $4 million, compared to $1.2 million for Dems, per @DavidWright_CNN
RT @jeffzeleny: --&gt; GM Plant closing in the heart of Trump country in Northeast Ohio. https://t.co/vv4SkYcT3E
RT @donie: NEW from me and @Hadas_Gold: Facebook tries to thwart another crisis https://t.co/rYGoIBiBGK
Trump, who has repeatedly blamed Obama for Russian annexation of Crimea, has yet to comment on Russians seizing three Ukrainian naval ships. https://t.co/h7B8L7pQHD
This is what the nine Democrats who are so far withholding support for Pelosi and are part of the so-called Problem Solvers Caucus are asking her to back https://t.co/vIpCkIbfGo
As Dems prepare to use subpoenas, some Republicans are counseling the WH to avoid cooperating with most probes, saying it makes little sense to give their foes ammo, arguing voters will believe Dems will overreach. w/@jeremyherb⁩ ⁦@FoxReports⁩  https://t.co/KUB6NE5wP5
Another signatory on the anti-Pelosi letter goes wobbly. Here’s Rep. Stephen Lynch, who signed the anti-Pelosi letter last week, now says: “If it becomes a choice between a Republican and Nancy Pelosi, I will obviously support Nancy Pelosi.”	 https://t.co/mTZN2eqCiS
RT @jmartNYT: The forces of polarization march on, cycle after cycle, and are increasingly immune to candidate/campaign		It has been overlo…
RT @CNNSotu: After being asked by @DanaBashCNN about the dire Trump administration climate report, @SenJoniErnst says the climate "ebbs and…
RT @Acosta: CNN:  A federal judge has denied former Trump adviser George Papadopoulos’ request to delay the start of his prison sentence.…
Trey Gowdy throws cold water on a public hearing with James Comey after he was subpoenaed by House Judiciary, saying no serious interview can be conducted in public. Gowdy adds on CBS that it’s ultimately Bob Goodlatte’s decision
Republicans and Democrats who have seen classified intel, including Mike Lee, Adam Schiff and Jack Reed, all cite the intel to dispute Trump’s views siding with the Saudis on Khashoggi murder
Four mins after this tweet, Trump arrived at his West Palm Beach golf club for the sixth time over the past week https://t.co/EaSZcjPTox
“I don’t know when I have to make a decision,” John Kasich on ABC on challenging Trump on 2020, saying he’s taking it “seriously.” “All options are on the table for me.”
Schiff also reiterates that House Intel will look into any Russian money laundering that may have occurred with the Trump Org
“It would be irresponsible not to find out.” - Schiff on @CNNSotu on Trump’s financial ties to Saudi Arabia
“We absolutely need to consider further action” on Saudi crown prince if he were involved in Khashoggi death, Joni Ernst tells @DanaBashCNN on @CNNSotu. “We also need to be considering human rights.”
RT @seungminkim: “As of Friday night, the Hyde-Smith campaign was not prepared to comment on this story because it was too late for campaig…
Nine of 24 House Ds who are part of bipartisan group the Problem Solvers Caucus say they can’t support Nancy Pelosi for speaker yet because she has yet to endorse their rules reforms. The group is co-chaired by Dem Rep.  Josh Gottheimer and GOP Rep. Tom Reed. (Fixing last tweet) https://t.co/nVZvbhcWcm
RT @jaketapper: Trump: I'm thankful for the difference I've made @CNN https://t.co/G86yC4VCdQ
We’ll take it https://t.co/w1t7QLN8SY
Comey to take this fight to court https://t.co/DXOs1IXgny
Trump this Thanksgiving continues to take Saudi crown prince MBS at his word, saying he “regretted [Khashoggi’s] death more than I do.” Asked who should be blamed, Trump said “maybe the world” because it’s a “vicious, vicious place.” - per pool
RT @jdawsey1: President Trump just told us he was thinking of closing the entire border with Mexico, and said, without offering evidence, t…
Comey rejects subpoena for closed-door hearing. House GOP may try to hold him in contempt in final days of the majority  https://t.co/6lYUDRcJN1 https://t.co/AfoyTCXkr1
House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte, in one of his last acts in power, issued subpoenas for James Comey and Loretta Lynch to come for  private depositions on Dec. 3 and Dec. 4, respectively. https://t.co/q6zqeUYIwM
Another view: Bob Corker: “In essence what the President was saying is if you lavish praise on me and spend a lot of money with our country, we will turn our head as it relates to you killing journalists and doing other things." https://t.co/1sRMaqfLkc https://t.co/MryCbKOSuU
RT @LauraAJarrett: New - the Office of Special Counsel (no, not that one, the other one) has opened a case file on acting AG Whitaker in re…
RT @costareports: "For many at The Post, Khashoggi’s murder is personal. He was a well-respected colleague, and his loss is deeply felt...…
Thanksgiving Eve 2018: The president attacks the Chief Justice of the United States, questions global warning, attacks the media and claims credit for lowering gas prices and causing more people to drive
RT @CNNPolitics: How George Papadopoulos' comments could hurt his request to delay his prison time https://t.co/BaY0WdDvY2 https://t.co/4Wx…
A big setback for the anti-Pelosi faction, though the rebels still have 18 members and incoming freshmen who  say they will hold firm and deny her votes on the floor. But will they continue to peel off as the pressure intensifies and the offers become more enticing? https://t.co/bjFUuaPkob
I asked him about his tweet yesterday saying that WH appears to be moonlighting as Saudi's PR firm. His response: "When you read the release, the crown prince couldn't have written it any better."
CORKER tells me he wants Mattis, Pompeo, Haspel on Hill next week on Saudi. On Trump response: "It took our nation to a very low level," saying it shows US values "money" not "things that we value greatly as a nation: human rights and other moral issues" https://t.co/Rc5UjzFknM
RT @vermontgmg: Nothing says "transparency" and "contrition" and "we're really definitely sorry" like releasing your statement late Wednesd…
RT @Redistrict: If you'd told me before the election that Rs would win an average of 83% of Trump's '16 votes in contested House races, I w…
RT @kyledcheney: People whose tweets have become evidence for the special counsel: President Trump, Roger Stone and, as of today, George Pa…
With Republican Rob Woodall winning GA-7 race, the new balance of power in House: Democrats – 232	Republicans – 201	Undecided - 2. The two races yet to be called by CNN are NM-2, UT-4 as we await clarification on whether there are any ballots left to be counted. @jennagiesta
Got off phone with Brian Higgins, who told me he spoke with Pelosi five times in past 72 hours. He said anti-Pelosi group lacks a strategy and somebody needs to show “guts” and run. He also said he thinks Pelosi will leave after 2020, but she wouldn’t say https://t.co/T9dvOCUEZt
And some, like McConnell and Ryan, are silent so far https://t.co/iiEcUnow0R
RT @jeremyherb: Giuliani tells @PamelaBrownCNN they don't know yet whether Mueller will ask additional questions on obstruction "It's not o…
No comment yet from Paul Ryan either
More here from Pelosi critic Brian Higgins - who signed a letter saying he would oppose her on the floor - on why he flipped and is supporting her now. https://t.co/c6mZMkexAE
Higgins signed the anti-Pelosi letter endorsed by 15 other colleagues. Now he backs Pelosi  https://t.co/nLudvdmXrd
No comment yet from Mitch McConnell on whether he supports Trump's decision to side with Saudi Arabia, and his office will not say if he has any comment.
RT @HotlineJosh: "Beneath the echo chamber of grievance, a significant racial milestone occurred on Election Night...nearly one-third of th…
RT @CNN: Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg denies he and other execs tried to minimize Russia’s role in spreading propaganda on the platform but c…
Cindy Hyde-Smith has refused to comment about her “public hanging” remark beyond a written statement that attacked her critics - until last night when she said, “You know, for anyone that was offended by my comments, I certainly apologize.” https://t.co/ahATadOlUY
RT @colbertlateshow: .@BenSasse speaks about acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker. 		“I think the president should have made a different c…
Stephen Colbert asks Ben Sasse why no “balance” in check-and-balance.” Sasse, pressed on whether Hill should look into Ivanka’s email and the lack of oversight in last two years, says, “The Congress doesn’t work well.”
RT @jeremyherb: NEW: Outgoing OGR Chair Trey Gowdy is seeking information from the White House about Ivanka Trump's personal email use, req…
RT @jmartNYT: A statement on how much Rs want to protect @cindyhydesmith: they send @RogerWicker, not her, out to address press after debat…
RT @nytmike: Updated version of story w/@maggieNYT confirms CNN reporting on how Trump repeatedly pressed DOJ officials — including acting…
RT @maggieNYT: These are the kinds of comments from Trump that his advisers often rationalize as “just how he talks.” In the case of going…
The cost will increase the longer troops are deployed, per @rabrowne75 @barbarastarrcnn https://t.co/CL4ErXvnDJ
Ron Johnson writes to Emmet Flood asking for info about Ivanka’s private email. Johnson told me earlier today he was “concerned” about her email and would “conduct oversight” about it, though he said it’s not as serious as Hillary Clinton’s situation https://t.co/MVeEMT436W https://t.co/ZVu6uYs71e
Cost so far for Trump sending troops to border: $72 million through Dec. 15
Pelosi still does not have a challenger as Marcia Fudge bows out. Fudge had been a Pelosi critic but will now back her for speaker. This is a big blow to the anti-Pelosi faction that has struggled to field a challenger https://t.co/wYYu8F5GxU
The outgoing GOP chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee strongly rebukes Trump over decision to side with Saudi Arabia. Other GOP leaders, including McConnell and Ryan, have yet to weigh in. https://t.co/z6GzngylqR
Lindsey Graham: “It is not in our national security interests to look the other way when it comes to the brutal murder of Mr. Jamal Khashoggi. ...  However, when we lose our moral voice, we lose our strongest asset.”
Pelosi is holding a flurry of meetings and phone calls, both with current members and freshmen, including ones who said they'd oppose her. Roughly 45 Dems making calls on her behalf as some freshmen have now softened on their opposition. w/@AnnieGrayerCNN https://t.co/seUIFnXjMq
RT @PhilipRucker: A signal to dictators everywhere that they will face no consequences for brutally murdering journalists or critics becaus…
"Can you imagine anybody else other than Trump?" Trump when asked who should be Time's person of the year
Trump says he is willing to meet with the Saudi crown prince MBS whom is widely believed to be responsible for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi
RT @rebeccaballhaus: Trump just now: “I don’t make deals with Saudi Arabia. I don’t have money from Saudi Arabia. I have nothing to do with…
"You are so worried about the Thanksgiving holiday for them," Trump says when asked about the troops he sent to the border for the caravan. He calls them "tough people" and says they are "proud" to be on border
Trump says they are finished with their written answers to Mueller's team
"I don't know Admiral McRaven," Trump says when asked if the man who oversaw the bin Laden raid is a hero .... even though he falsely said on Fox News Sunday that McRaven was a Hillary supporter.
"What Ivanka did ... everything is there," Trump says, defending his daughter's use of private email service to do government business -- says it's different than Clinton.
"Saudi Arabia has nothing to do with me," Trump claims despite having done business with Saudi Arabia in the past
Trump asked why he's siding with Saudi Arabia over his own intelligence community. "It's America First to me .. We are not going to give up billions of dollars of orders," claims oil prices will go up. He says: "I'm not saying that at all" when asked if he's ignoring human rights
Incoming freshmen feel squeeze on Pelosi vote, with some who didn't sign letter saying they'll oppose her on floor (Golden, Crow, Spanberger), others haven't made a decision (Cisneros), some now on board (Wexton) and others won't say (Sherrill). Our story: https://t.co/4r2WbQekaY
RT @PhilipRucker: Statement from Wash Post Publisher Fred Ryan: “President Trump’s response to the brutal murder of journalist Jamal Khasho…
Seth Moulton: "And if we, as Democrats, are going to answer that call, we can't turn around and choose the same leadership we've had in place since 2003. Our party is changing, our country is changing and our leadership should change, too." https://t.co/21c1awmPVs
RT @HallieJackson: There has not been a formal White House briefing in that room since October 29. 		(h/t @albamonica) https://t.co/LZZBGGy…
Johnson told me: "In today's world, we have to recognize the reality that people are human beings, they are private citizens and are going to have private email.”		Asked if he was giving Ivanka a pass, he said he wasn’t.		"I will conduct oversight of this; we take this seriously” https://t.co/UeXVMxetwV
RT @LauraAJarrett: Acting AG Whitaker’s financial disclosure forms expected to be made public as soon as today; am told that Whitaker did,…
Cummings not the only one who will look into Ivanka Trump’s emails. Ron Johnson just told me he’s “concerned” and will “conduct oversight on it.” Johnson, however, does not view it as concerning as Clinton emails. But he said: “We take this very seriously” https://t.co/MVeEMT436W
How the math breaks down for Pelosi -- and why it could be a razor-thin vote. @ckmarie https://t.co/x2k2ZjXZvd
House Dems not going to give Ivanka a pass. House Oversight had already been looking into use of private email in the WH and will continue the investigation in the new Congress, aide told me. The goal: To determine whether Ivanka and others complied with the law
Dems continue to ratchet up pressure: Schumer writes to Justice Department Inspector General and demands a probe of communications between Matt Whitaker and the WH, including any potential unlawful or improper discussions
RT @betsy_klein: Former WH Director of Legislative Affairs Marc Short on @IvankaTrump's use of a personal email account for government busi…
RT @Robillard: I’m at @sethmoulton’s town hall in Amesbury, Mass. — my hometown district! 		There’s a contingent of at least a dozen protes…
RT @jameshohmann: The White House Counsel’s Office did not have access to Ivanka's personal account and could not review it without possibl…
Dem Ben McAdams jumps ahead of Mia Love by just 739 votes. Race still not called. Current balance of power: Democrats – 232	Republicans – 200	Undecided - 3
RT @StevenTDennis: Under the new White House rules, if the president flat-out lies to you, you can only ask a followup challenging it if he…
RT @StevenTDennis: New WH rule: If a journalist asks the president two questions they can lose their hard pass. https://t.co/W05GkyDDrI
Awful news from a hospital my dad used to work at https://t.co/qLRLcEgp16
RT @TheLeadCNN: A rebellious faction of Democrats believe they have enough votes to deny Nancy Pelosi speakership on the House floor, @mkra…
16 Dems sign a letter but one (McAdams) may not win. So there are 15 Dems on letter who will be members. Conor Lamb didn’t sign the letter and is a no, as is Spanberger. That puts it at 17. With 233 likely seats, it’ll be close. But some may cave on floor https://t.co/a6utqqp5sh
Per @kpolantz: "The special counsel argued in a new court filing that the appointment of Matthew Whitaker as acting attorney general has 'no effect' on the case of a Roger Stone associate who was challenging a grand jury subpoena from  Robert Mueller"
Pelosi can still be speaker with fewer than 218 votes; Boehner did so after the 2014 midterms. It will require her critics to either vote "present" or skip the vote. We broke it down here earlier this month: https://t.co/oR7GrVP5FL
“The administration has indicated that it will issue a report this week, and in anticipation, we are looking at ways to respond and apply additional pressure if the Crown Prince is not named,” Corker says https://t.co/eOL6a092vQ
"I think it's ridiculous," Scaramucci says to @brikeilarcnn about WHCA hiring a historian instead of a comedian for WH dinner, saying it's not going to curry favor with the president and WHCA should be "doubling and tripling down" by bringing comics to the event
Anti-Pelosi faction finally releases letter saying these Dems are “committed to voting for new leadership.” It is signed by 16 members, including Utah Democrat Ben McAdams whose race has not been called. Marcia Fudge’s signature is not on the letter https://t.co/oVRKAWQWPx
DeGette said: “Over the last few days, however, many of my supporters have expressed concern about pressure they are receiving to return the three senior leaders to their posts without opposition.” https://t.co/J5WxWqKCJn
Rep. Jim Clyburn's challenger for House majority whip, Diana DeGette, withdraws from the race.		This came after CBC chair Cedric Richmond raised concerns about the campaign waged against Clyburn, saying it amounted to "dog-whistle undertones" being played within the caucus.
Trump digs in after belittling the retired admiral who oversaw Osama bin Laden raid https://t.co/n0DzgxYRA4
RT @MarcACaputo: There are reasonable grounds to assume that Broward County’s bad ballot design may have cost Sen. Bill Nelson the election…
RT @ChicagoBears: STILL in first place!		#MINvsCHI | #DaBears https://t.co/YN4wohwW5g
Trump’s Monday: Participating in the delivery of the WH Christmas tree and then lunch with VP
Keep track of how the anti-Pelosi campaign is going here: ——&gt; https://t.co/3d4ihBRU7t
Trump calls for “decorum” at the White House and then a couple days later calls the incoming chairman of the House Intelligence Committee “Schitt”
RT @AP_Politics: Finland's president isn't sure where President Donald Trump got the idea that raking leaves is part of Finland's routine f…
Trump changes his tune after Whitaker named to the post https://t.co/SrXNwVutIX
Cisneros said on the campaign trail that he wants “new leadership” when asked if he backed Pelosi. Will see if that means he’s a “no” on the floor https://t.co/VzNlLQQVrc
RT @MarcACaputo: Rick Scott wins ugly. 		But he wins. 		And winning ugly is better than losing ugly https://t.co/nLPpNClyfT
RT @AaronBlake: The CIA says with high confidence that MBS ordered Khashoggi’s killing.		Trump: “Will anybody really know? All right, will…
Abrams said she believes “there was a deliberate and intentional disinvestment and I think destruction of the administration of elections in the state of Georgia,” calling Kemp a “horrible actor who benefited from his perfidy.”	  https://t.co/dwIU5wFITi
RT @jaketapper: Admiral McRaven tells me: “I did not back Hillary Clinton or anyone else.  I am a fan of President Obama and President Geor…
Nelson concedes - and with likely GOP win in #MSSen, Republicans to hold 53-47 majority in the next Congress - up one seat from the beginning of this Congress before they lost Alabama. https://t.co/vY2aza6yrt
Jeff Flake to @jaketapper about a 2020 primary challenge to Trump.  “I don't think that will be me.  I think there are better candidates out there.  But somebody needs to run.”
Mueller was of course confirmed by the Senate unanimously twice as FBI director - once under Bush and once under Obama - but as special counsel he doesn’t need confirmation. An AG does need Senate confirmation https://t.co/gLfRnJXBCQ
RT @ktumulty: Bill McRaven was NOT a Clinton “backer.” He never endorsed her or anyone for president. He was also on the short list that Ch…
Trump gives himself an “A+” when asked how he compares himself to presidents like Lincoln and FDR
“Wouldn’t it be nice to have gotten Osama bin Laden a lot sooner than that?” Trump on retired US Navy Admiral Bill McRaven, who has criticized Trump’s attacks on the press
In one breadth, Trump says: “I wasn’t on the ballot” when asked about the sweeping losses in the House and beyond. But in next breath, Trump takes credit for victories in governor races in Florida and Ohio and potential Rick Scott victory, calling it a “tremendous success”
Trump says he doesn’t want to hear the tape of Jamal Khashoggi’s murder. “We have the tape, I don’t want to hear the tape - there’s no reason to hear the tape ... because it’s a suffering tape.”
Trump effectively shuts the door to sitting down with Mueller - something he has said repeatedly he wanted to do. “Probably” won’t sit down with special counsel
“I did not know that.”  — Trump claims he didn’t know Matt Whitaker was a sharp critic of the Mueller probe before he named him acting AG. “It’s going to be up to” Whitaker on whether to curtail the investigation, saying he will do the “right thing”
Trump says he doesn’t know Mira Ricardel - the senior aide pushed out by Melania Trump - “very well.” Trump on Fox also keeps the door open to John Kelly leaving before 2020 and says there are some things “that I don’t like that he does.”
Current House breakdown based on CNN projections 	Democrats – 231	Republicans – 200	Undecided - 4. CA-39, NM-2, UT-4, GA-7		(Other outlets may have called the outstanding races but CNN has not yet)
RT @jdawsey1: Calling the press the “enemy of the people” is standing strong for the press? https://t.co/rw29wFX6Iv
Gillum concedes in #flgov https://t.co/duYacWNLvW
RT @kylegriffin1: Trump is asked if the seeing the devastation from the California wildfires has changed his opinion on climate change.		Tr…
McConnell said earlier there won’t be a shutdown. Trump just said: “I think if I was ever going to do a shutdown over border security, when you look at the caravans, when you look at the mess, when you look at the people coming in, this would be a very good time to do a shutdown”
RT @chrisgeidner: Per pooler @tparti, Trump just said — all in the same press avail — that he has "answered" Mueller's written questions to…
Tom Reed and others in bipartisan group have said they will only vote for her if she endorses rules changes making it easier to push bills. Reed said this week: “It is time to change this, and if Nancy Pelosi's the only one's that there, I am open to it." https://t.co/l5ElWSQLyT https://t.co/a81rfD4wIp
RT @jaketapper: The president who recently insulted the porn star with whom he allegedly had an affair by saying she has a “horse face” tod…
RT @kaitlancollins: The White House has wanted to put this story behind them for weeks. But Gina Haspel met with POTUS upon her return from…
In letter that 17 Dems signed, it says: “We believe more strongly than ever that the time has come for new leadership in our Caucus.” Spanberger hasn’t signed it, but the freshman from VA says she’s a no https://t.co/ov8QaCl8xI
RT @greggiroux: NRCC chairman on Walters and #ca45 in September: "She is another candidate who's asked me to not spend in her race. She say…
Liberals close ranks behind Pelosi - with a letter showing 61 signatures from women incumbents and freshmen, including a number who were non-committal - now backing her bid. ⁦@KilloughCNN⁩  https://t.co/joMHfKr3U5
McConnell has said he would let the bill come forward if there’s evidence it has 60 votes https://t.co/S5EqADr0nh
RT @jaketapper: Sr admin official tells me re troops sent to border: “It’s a paper tiger. A total joke. Of limited operational utility and…
RT @jdawsey1: "I should have done that," Trump says, when Chris Wallace asks him why he didn't go to Arlington Memorial Cemetery Monday. A…
Meadows was cited for "failure to take prompt and decisive action to deal with the alleged sexual harassment in his congressional office" and Kihuen for making "persistent and unwanted advances towards women who were required to interact with him.” https://t.co/SDa48uibTb
Nadler: "It is unfortunate that the outgoing Majority is resorting to these tactics. Months ago, Director Comey and Attorney General Lynch both indicated their willingness to answer the Chairman's questions voluntarily.” https://t.co/xiwNk98l4B
Lindsey Graham said this to me earlier this week about one of his top priorities as chairman : https://t.co/zdg0C5PFPM
Trump deleted that tweet and then tweeted this again: https://t.co/v9YVajZdEj
It actually would be a one-seat pickup. At beginning of the cycle, GOP had a 52-48 majority until they lost Alabama. Now they are likely to hold a 53-47 majority despite having one of the most favorable maps in a long time, with 10 Dems up in states Trump won https://t.co/MGDOEGtdkD
It appears there are 18 ‘no’ votes on Pelosi on floor. Rep.-elect Abigail Spanberger left Pelosi meeting but said she would vote against Pelosi on the floor. She said she would not sign any letter - including one by 17 Dems. 	 	“I will be voting but I will not be voting for her.”
New: GOP-led House Judiciary, in its final days in power, is planning to issue subpoenas to former FBI Director James Comey and President Obama’s attorney general, Loretta Lynch - on Nov. 29 and Dec. 5. GOP wants them in private setting, though they’ve said they would publicly
Rep.-elect Haley Stevens, a Pelosi critic during the campaign, just met with Pelosi and said she spoke about a range of issues important to her Michigan district. She kept the door open to backing Pelosi.		“I haven’t said no,” Stevens said
Fudge said she told Pelosi she wanted to know about succession planning and being a more inclusive caucus. 		"I'd like to know what her plans are. She did not share them with me. But it is something that our caucus is interested in knowing,” per @SunlenSerfaty
Sherrill then pointed to aide, “This is Molly,” and she walked into a room. The aide then declined to talk on the record.		This is what Sherrill said during campaign 		https://t.co/o73aSGOgeT
Mikie Sherrill, a NJ Democrat who just won her race and vowed to oppose Pelosi during the campaign, refused to say if she would follow through on that promise after meeting with Pelosi		“I’m sorry I got to go,” she said repeatedly, as she raced away from reporters.
Cedric Richmond, CBC chairman, told me about CBC loyalties: If Fudge declares “it’s going to give a lot of members pause to reevaluate their decision .... People around the country would be surprised about how many people around the country would decommit and recommit for Marcia”
Pelosi spox https://t.co/AzHPZ4j3JK
RT @KilloughCNN: Pelosi now meeting one on one with incoming freshmen who’ve expressed opposition. 		So far spotted: Max Rose, Jeff Van Dre…
She added: “Yes are in the majority, but if we don’t start listening to voters and the message they are sending us, then we’re not going to be the majority again.”
I asked Kathleen Rice - a leader of the Dem anti-Pelosi movement - if she’s concerned this fight will show their party in disarray. “It was not as successful as some hoped it would be, we didn’t pick up as many seats as we thought we were going to get,” she said of the midterms
Rep. Mimi Walters has conceded to Democrat Katie Porter in the race for the 45th congressional district. Democrats have picked up a net gain of 34 House seats.	 	Six races remain to be called by CNN.
CBC Chairman Cedric Richmond told me he would support Fudge over Pelosi because he’s “closer” to Fudge. He also said there’s “dog whistle undertones in the campaign” against Jim Clyburn for majority whip. (DeGette is challenging him.)  “I’m still angry about it,” Richmond said
Pelosi allies warning her Dem critics: A floor fight over her speakership “would be the nuclear option,” amounting to “mutually assured destruction” that “would lead to us losing the majority potentially on the first vote of a new Congress,” @CongressmanRaja says
Fudge said Pelosi asked for meeting but Pelosi’s office said Cummings set up the meeting between the two
Grassley makes it official: He will take Finance chairmanship next Congress, paving the way for Lindsey Graham to take Judiciary
Kyrsten Sinema said on the campaign trail she would not support Chuck Schumer for Democratic leader. I just asked her if she voted for Schumer and she said: “There was no election.”		Schumer won by acclamation. (Members could have requested a secret ballot vote)
Pelosi asks Marcia Fudge for a meeting. The two are meeting now. Fudge tells @jeremyherb she’ll make a decision on whether to run for speaker after Thanksgiving
RT @jaketapper: That’s the Judge Timothy Kelly who’s a former GOP Senate staffer, current Federalist Society member, and was nominated to t…
RT @eorden: CNN is also asking for "permanent relief," meaning a declaration from the judge that Trump's revocation of Acosta's press pass…
Federal judge Timothy J. Kelly sided with CNN on Friday, ordering the White House to reinstate chief White House correspondent Jim Acosta's press pass.
George Conway, veteran Washington attorney and husband of Kellyanne, says: “I'm watching this thing and you know it’s like, the administration is like a shit show in a dumpster fire." https://t.co/GoanHybO0H
Still no Trump tweets about the migrant caravan since the midterms
Gil Cisneros narrowly takes the lead in #ca39 - he too has called for new leadership during the campaign and will be under pressure in the Pelosi leadership race
Marcia Fudge spitting fire at Pelosi tonight. "But she didn't do this by herself. She also was the person who over the last eight years, lost seats. It's one thing to give people credit for winning if you also make them responsible for losing." per @elizlanders https://t.co/NvihIbZeus
RT @jeremyherb: Sen. Flake can stop judicial nominees in committee with his special counsel bill threat, but on the floor he's on an island…
RT @KilloughCNN: "I've not made a decision, I'm still thinking about it," Rep. Marcia Fudge tells @ElizLanders tonight, adding she's been "…
Another comment gets Cindy Hyde-Smith in hot water. Her campaign responds: “Obviously Sen. Hyde-Smith was making a joke and clearly the video was selectively edited.” https://t.co/Z8a9YnlZo4
RT @DaniellaMicaela: NEWS from @AnnieGrayerCNN, who's been at Broward County every day this week: The director of elections announced they…
Bipartisan group of senators - Durbin, Grassley, Lee, Graham, Booker, Whitehouse - releases revised sentencing reform bill that Trump has endorsed. https://t.co/2OrRYAmmyv
@JeffFlake says his great grandpa wrote: "Once again I must kiss the sod and face a cloudy future." 		"That phrase sticks with me whenever ... Manu Raju jumps from behind the Russell trolley to pepper me with gotcha questions." 		He was joking. (I think)		https://t.co/T1AjNdA4LU
No manual recount in #flagov as DeSantis leads Gillum by 33,683 votes. The percentage margin between the candidates was 0.4% - not within the 0.25% threshold for a hand recount.
"You don't need to do that, frankly" Orrin Hatch said when asked why not vote on special counsel bill. "But if you did do that bill all you're doing is getting into a big hassle."		Hassle with the president?		"With him and a with a lot of others. So that's not the way to do it." https://t.co/9yr40TT2wT
Bill Nelson and Rick Scott race headed for a manual recount, based on machine recount numbers released by the Florida Secretary of State's office.	 	The new totals show Scott with slightly higher lead over Nelson by 12,603 votes, or 0.15%, within legal margin for a hand recount
Rep. James Clyburn, who is running for majority whip, said Marcia Fudge “would be a threat to me” and Pelosi if she were to run.		Clyburn, who backs Pelosi, said he had a “long talk” with Fudge about possibly challenging a Pelosi. And he added: “She’s ruminating on the subject.”
Tried to ask Pelosi about letter signed by 17 Ds, and she pushed back: "Have you seen the letter?" (It's not public yet) I then asked how could she have total confidence, she said: "I do." And I continued: How could you be so confident with 17 apparent no votes: "Next question." https://t.co/8FPBT78LbZ
Bipartisan group of members -- who call themselves Problem Solvers Caucus -- say they won't vote for Pelosi until she embraces major rules reforms strengthening the rank-and-file. One Republican, Tom Reed, says "he's so frustrated" with House rules that he's "open" to backing her https://t.co/vqiG1hQrVs
A House R - Tom Reed - tells me he could vote FOR Pelosi if she backs rules reforms, saying he’d endure the backlash. “I am sick and tired of this institution being controlled by essentially one office that I'm willing to take such a disruptive position” https://t.co/l5ElWSQLyT
Rep. Emanuel Cleaver said Marcia Fudge is a close friend and close to his  wife but said he needs to talk to her first about any speaker’s bid. “We don’t want see the creation of the Freedom Caucus inside the House Democratic Caucus,” Cleaver told me
Murkowski says she wants to talk to Flake about his effort to block judicial nominees until special counsel bill is taken up in Senate. Susan Collins, however, said: “I’m not sure I see a link between holding up judges and getting a vote on this bill.  There may be other ways.”
Whitaker trying to keep Republicans on his side, tells Graham he won’t interfere with Mueller probe https://t.co/fsQKIkyHCI
Seth Moulton, a leading Pelosi critic, just said on his way into Dem caucus meeting: “She’s wrong” when asked about Pelosi’s prediction she would win the speakership. “We’ve got the votes.”
Spoils of victory: House Democrats now holding their caucus meetings in the larger and more centrally located room in the Capitol basement - rather than off in the Capitol Visitors Center
This is helpful for Pelosi. Some of her critics wanted Bass to challenge her. https://t.co/RcX4wzlbUG
Tillis on whether he wants his bill to come to floor. “The majority leader’s got to make a decision about how to use the remaining time in the lame duck session.“	 	Why not join Flake?	“Because it was never going to work. It only takes one person to object and I can do the math”
Why not just vote on Mueller bill?	 	Hatch: “Well because you don’t need that. Frankly but if you did do that all you’re doing is getting into a big hassle.”	 	Hassle with the President?		“Him and with a lot of others. That’s not the way to do it.”
In a somewhat testy presser, Pelosi expresses confidence, pushes back at questions she won’t have votes to become speaker. I asked her how can she be so confident when 17 have signed a letter. “Have you seen the letter?” On Marcia Fudge, she said: “Come on in the water is warm.”
"Almost a tsunami,” Pelosi says of the midterm results
Despite Trump’s tweets, GOP keeps rejecting calls to move on Mueller protection bill. Cornyn said it’s “not necessary” and Orrin Hatch told me passing the bill would create a “hassle” with president and others.		Sen. Thom Tillis, co-sponsor of the bill, said it’s up to McConnell
There’s a math problem for Pelosi if these Democrats hold firm. But that still remains a big ‘if.’ https://t.co/kp3uowrAER
A message to his acting AG to intervene? https://t.co/1TbJf0LIwl
RT @AaronBlake: Matthew Whitaker has denied, through a DOJ spokesperson, being aware of World Patent Marketing’s alleged fraud.		Turns out…
There are now 17 Democrats who have signed a letter saying they won’t support Pelosi on the floor, per four sources. Another five haven’t signed but say they’ll vote no. Pelosi prepared to call their bluff and take it to floor. latest w/@KilloughCNN⁩ https://t.co/DvGVmQLJcI
RT @JDiamond1: Our latest team effort peering inside the WH 👇	A political clobbering, bickering aides and now a public grenade launched acr…
Trump belittled Love last week, declaring that she lost because she gave him “no love” https://t.co/Qsq9E8rBfk
CNN:  Michael Avenatti is under arrest for felony domestic violence and is currently being booked. The domestic violence report was taken yesterday in West Los Angeles and the arrest was made today.
I tried to ask Steve King if he regrets his tweets that came under intense scrutiny. "I tried I think people should know, by the time you drill down to the original statements, some of them are impossible to find when you're dealing with the media today." And he walked away
Lamar! Alexander fired up on the floor, fumes over Schumer, calling it "an act of discourtesy" and said he's "very upset" that Schumer left while he was still speaking. They are fighting over a TVA nominee that Schumer blocked. (Schumer and Lamar have been friends)
@jeannemaries1 Yep - she said: the body is NOT cold yet
Martha McSally just told me she's had "no conversations" with Arizona Gov. about appointment to seat that Kyl may vacate.		"The body is still cold," she quipped. Asked if she'd be open to it, she said: "I don't want to talk about it right now. Will you guys just let me grieve?"
I also asked Flake if he believes Whitaker should recuse himself, and Flake said he should given Whitaker’s concerns over the Mueller probe. Both Coons and Flake say Whitaker should be questioned by the Senate Judiciary Committee, which Grassley has rejected https://t.co/6eVNyrI7Fk
Graham and Tillis were co-sponsors of the special counsel protection bill but they aren't joining Flake-Coons-Booker to demand a vote on it now.
Flake says: "I have informed the majority leader I will not vote" for 21 judicial nominees pending in the Senate Judiciary Committee or vote to confirm 32 judges awaiting confirmation on floor
McConnell objects to Jeff Flake's request to quickly pass bipartisan bill to protect special counsels like Robert Mueller
Asked if he would take the Finance chairmanship next year and give up Judiciary, Grassley said he’s made his decision but needs to talk to a couple more senators.		 But he did say this when pressed: “There are lot of trade issues that are important to Iowa in Finance.”
@CahnEmily Not by CNN
With Denham conceding, here’s where  the race for the House stands:	 	Democrats – 226	Republicans – 200	Undecided - 9 races yet to be called by CNN: CA-39, CA-45, CA-48, CA-49, GA-7, NJ-3, NM-2, UT-4, ME-2
Grassley rejected Dem calls to bring Matt Whitaker before his panel by year’s end.		“No,” Grassley told us, adding the “most efficient use of our time” is to consider a new nominee.		“We hope we are going to get an attorney general nominee, and that’s going to be our next step.”
@tedbartett asks Rick Scott if he’s concerned his fraud claims could undermine confidence in elections 	 	“I think everyone should comply with the law. That’s what I’ve asked for. These are laws that are scheduled to prevent fraud. So they ought to comply with the law.”
Dems did not broach Pelosi speakership in caucus meeting this afternoon. They did briefly discuss rules change pushed by Pelosi critics to not bind any member to vote for Dem speaker nominee on the floor. It was pitched by Perlmutter but Lofgren pushed back. But no vote on rule.
This is the difference with today when Schumer was elected by acclamation. It appears no members demanded a secret ballot vote. Kyrsten Sinema said on campaign trail she would oppose Schumer as minority leader but doesn’t appear she registered a vote in opposition https://t.co/z6y0P4eYQ6
Kevin McCarthy now will be House minority leader after a 159-43 vote over Jim Jordan. While it’s a secret ballot, it appears that Jordan didn’t get much support beyond the House Freedom Caucus
"I have ruled out nothing," Marcia Fudge said when asked if she'd challenge Pelosi, adding that she's getting encouragement to run from "a number" of  people. "But what I'm saying to you is I haven't really given it any thought." https://t.co/DTiVrNdsuZ
Jeff Van Drew says he will vote against Pelosi on floor and says "I'd have to say yes" when asked if he were concerned about being punished. Other freshmen Ds who opposed Pelosi equivocate. "We'll have to see how we move forward," Sherrill says when asked about no other candidate https://t.co/5oAN0txfMi
Dems and Trump not close on border wall funding, but McConnell today insisted the dispute woudln't lead to a shutdown. "No. We're not gonna do that."
Will you vote against Pelosi on the floor of the House too?	Mikie Sherrill: “I made commitments like I said to my district and I’m going to vote as I said I would and a lot of that is ... how can we get stuff done for New Jersey and what’s the best way forward for that.”
Senate GOP adds a woman to the ranks of their leadership team: Joni Ernst. The new team: McConnell — Leader	Thune — whip	Barrasso — Conf. Chair 	Blunt — Policy chair 	Ernst — vice chair GOP conference 	Young  — NRSC
RT @jdawsey1: Fox News issues statement supporting CNN in its lawsuit against the White House. "We intend to file an amicus brief with the…
For instance, Haley Stevens from MI: “I’ve said at this time Nancy Pelosi does not have my support..”	Q: So you’re a no on floor?	 	“I’m waiting to see who emerges at this time, I’m not making any voting commitments but at this time I’m looking for a new generation of leadership”
Several House Democratic freshmen who said they would oppose Pelosi during campaign told me they will still oppose her now. But they were squishy about whether they will vote no on the floor if there’s no alternative candidate.
RT @jeremyherb: And we're off: Top Dems on OGR, Intel, Judiciary &amp; Energy and Commerce send SEVEN letters kicking off an investigation into…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Dems seeking to block Pelosi's Speakership say they're "100%" confident they can do it. Pelosi has said she's 100% conf…
Pelosi says she has “100 percent” confidence she’ll win speakership. Two Dems leading rebellion against her say based on their conversations, they are “100 percent” confident she won’t have votes. They claim they’ll soon release letter listing detractors https://t.co/AFCaWrGc2O
“In many districts like mine, the president was not helpful,” Carlos Curbelo, who lost in his South Florida House district, told @ChrisCuomo
RT @JDiamond1: Trump is scheduled to throw his support behind the sentencing reform legislation during an event at the WH tomorrow, per 2 s…
“Totally," Lindsey Graham said when asked if he would look into the FBI's handling of the Clinton and Russia probes, assuming he chairs Senate Judiciary. "The oversight function will be very much front and center." https://t.co/zdg0C5PFPM
Sen. Graham tells reporters he spoke with Trump last night and that the president “seemed supportive last night” of the sentencing reform effort. He said he still has to speak with Jared Kushner after Kushner briefed the president.
Asked if McSally should replace him, Kyl said: “That’s the governor’s decision. The questions I am asked all have to do with ‘Do I think Martha McSally would be a good U.S. Senator?’ And the answer to that is overwhelmingly, absolutely.”
Jon Kyl told me he and his family have made a decision on when to resign and will talk to the governor about it. He won’t say if it’s this year or will serve til end of 2020.
Indicted Rep. Chris Collins told me he doesn’t expect to get his committee assignments restored. 		“Based on the new rule, probably not.”		Should Trump pardon him?	“Oh no, that would be not be appropriate. I will have my day in court, I’m innocent, and that will be Feb. 2020”
RT @TheLeadCNN: Ten incoming House Democrats  and 13 incumbents say they will vote against Nancy Pelosi for Speaker of the House. The quest…
Third time is a charm: https://t.co/RT9mza8dW8
So after initially not including Hindus in his first Diwali tweet, Trump deletes that tweet and reposts another message. And still leaves out Hindus... https://t.co/4Rw5VLkVUe
Hoyer releases letter signed by 155 Democrats backing his bid for House majority leader, ensuring he gets the spot
It also is a major Hindu holiday https://t.co/mPf2tpi3Dm
Nadler sends letter to Whitaker and Wray and says there more than 100 letters House Judiciary Dems have written and have NOT gotten answers. He is demanding responses now that they are taking power. Their requests are outlined here: https://t.co/YWy6vj4CTW
Hatch also said he's not concerned Whitaker would interfere with Mueller probe because it would be exposed by the media.		"Anybody who acts improperly will find themselves on the front page and not be in very good shape."
Just asked Orrin Hatch if he'd like Matt Whitaker to testify before Senate Judiciary this year, and he said: "I don't see an advantage to doing that," saying Democrats would likely try "to smear him -- there  may be some who may like to do that."
RT @jeremyherb: This is wild -- First Lady spox publicly calls for Mira Ricardel's ouster: "It is the position of the Office of the First L…
Asked if he wanted the AG job, Cornyn said: "No." (He had been considered for FBI director after Comey was fired.)
Schumer and Nelson leave without taking questions
Standing next to Schumer, Bill Nelson says Rick Scott has been “using his power of governor to undermine the voting process” — and calls on Scott “to remove himself from the recount process.”
Cornyn told me he hadn't spoken to Whitaker and said it "would be a mistake" for Whitaker to interfere with Mueller probe. But Cornyn added: "I think Director Mueller needs to wrap this thing up. He needs to finish his job. This thing has been hanging out there for a long time"
RT @samstein: Trump just announced that he’s nominating Neomi Rao, administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, to re…
A top adviser to Sen. Bernie Sanders said Tuesday that the Vermont independent's wife, Jane Sanders, has been recently told by the US attorney in Vermont that they have closed an investigation into a land deal involving Burlington, per ⁦@ElizLanders⁩ https://t.co/uxMhJl01iH
Grassley being mum today but it’s widely expected he’ll take Finance https://t.co/0BBOXYVis0
Asked if Whitaker provided assurances he would not interfere in Mueller probe, Grassley said Trump has made that assurance and “doesn’t matter” what Whitaker thinks.	 	“The President is the chief executive and the President said that he wasn’t going to do that.“ @tedbarrettcnn
Sinema promised on the campaign trail not to support Schumer for minority leader. https://t.co/zVoLVOPobO
RT @mateagold: For Trump, even disaster response is colored in red and blue via @mviser @seungminkim https://t.co/RrxopbXfPR
Pelosi, as she faces some Dem critics eager to deny her votes for job: “I have a broad base of support in the country, financially, politically, and otherwise, which is valuable to our caucus.”		"None of us is indispensable, but some of us are just better at our jobs than others” https://t.co/qWNcUxFcRU
WH changes its explanation - no more mention of placing hands on an intern https://t.co/Doij1en327
Ted Olson, solicitor under Bush and CNN attorney in case to restore @Acosta press credentials, says: “The Supreme Court has held in no uncertain terms that the First Amendment protects ‘robust political debate,’ including ‘speech that is critical of those who hold public office”
RT @Rene_MarshCNN: News: CNN has just filed a lawsuit in DC district court saying the Trump admin has violated the 1st and 5th amendment ri…
And now Democrats have a serious shot at taking back the Senate in 2020 https://t.co/h6ZlLl7W0g
RT @jeddrosche: "None of us is indispensable, but some of us are just better at our jobs than others," @NancyPelosi tells @DanaBashCNN as p…
RT @charlie_savage: Maryland is asking a judge for an injunction declaring that Rosenstein, not Whitaker, is the real head of DOJ. It's lev…
On Saturday, Macron’s spokesman said he was able to clear up a “misunderstanding” about his views on Europe’s defense policy during his meeting with Trump. Today, Trump says: https://t.co/nJa3DZNgyI
The group to watch this week as Congress returns: Incoming freshmen who vowed to oppose Pelosi. But will they hold out and vote against her on the floor? They’re now getting pressure from both sides as Dem meetings get underway. ⁦w/@KilloughCNN⁩  https://t.co/lrgZB4MVnN
RT @LauraAJarrett: The Justice Dept’s Office of Legal Counsel is expected to issue an opinion on Tuesday defending the legality of Trump ap…
RT @ElizLanders: Historic for the wrong reasons: 42 people have died in the Camp Fire making it the deadliest wildfire in California histor…
McSally concedes in #azsen. The makeup of the Senate is now 51-47 with Mississippi and Florida races outstanding. GOP majority was 52-48 at the beginning of the cycle before losing Alabama. (Correcting math in last tweet) https://t.co/putXHn6sMF https://t.co/NUoPUDFzf8
Bad news for McSally as Sinema’s lead continues to grow in #azsen, with 92% of vote in	Sinema – 1,097,321 – 49.7%	McSally – 1,059,124 – 48.0%
Jerome Corsi: "To the best of my recollection, I never met Julian Assange. Best to my recollection, I did not have anyone who connected to me to Julian Assange. Best to my recollection, what I knew in advance about what Julian Assange was gonna do... I figured out.” Via @emsteck
First test of anti-Pelosi faction: Rack up signatures on a letter from Dems vowing to oppose Pelosi on the floor. But can they get enough signatures? They’ll try this week. @KilloughCNN https://t.co/dzzHTIY5l3
Here’s what Corsi just on his YouTube show: “I fully anticipate that in the next few days I will be indicted by Mueller for some form or other of giving false information to the special counsel or to one of the other grand jury ... But I’m going to be criminally charged."
Can think of one way to avoid a “perjury trap” .... https://t.co/UoFa0PEDJ9
RT @NickRiccardi: There’s a clear editor’s note at the top of this showing this story is from 2012 and the total number of noncitizens was…
The senator would only say: “I put out a statement, and we stand by the statement - and that’s all I’m going to say about that.” https://t.co/B1kOMeVwXC
RT @AmyEGardner: Florida judge says there's no evidence of fraud in Broward, denies Scott's request to impound equipment, tells everyone to…
RT @MarshallCohen: Today is a federal holiday, but at least five of Robert Mueller's prosecutors are working today at their office in downt…
McConnell delays Tuesday photo-op with new GOP senators til Wednesday, allowing Rick Scott a chance to participate in that and leadership elections that day - even though Scott hasn’t been declared the winner yet and there’s still a recount in Florida underway
RT @rachaelmbade: The @WSJ reminds us of our ignored fiscal responsibilities this a.m.: Interest payments alone on the $20t+ national debt…
Pelosi writes in letter to colleagues she's hearing this message across the U.S. now: “thank you, House Democrats, for saving America!” 		She also says: "In the next few weeks, we need to be unified"		That comes as a small number of Dems try to deny her votes to become speaker
These attacks fail to note that McCain's vote - along with Collins and Murkowski - was to block skinny repeal from advancing to conference w House. GOP was nowhere near agreement on a replacement that could pass both chambers, despite what Lewis says here. https://t.co/BtAVbJUIky
“Presidential harassment” is the phrase McConnell coined last week at his press conference talking about House Democratic investigations. And now Trump blames the stock market on investigations that haven’t even started? https://t.co/9Y2hIi3Itx
Where things stand in House. Democrats have picked up 30 seats so far, with 10 races remaining to be called.	 	Democrats – 225	Republicans – 200	Undecided - 10	 	Races still undecided: CA-10, CA-39, CA-45, CA-48, CA-49,	GA-7, NJ-3, NM-2, UT-4, ME-2
RT @jdawsey1: Beware the days with no public schedule. https://t.co/k925fgBk3X
National Dems have so far sat out this race. https://t.co/aEskDjljkw
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Sunday night Maricopa vote count update comes in and shows Sinema lead expanding even more in AZSEN - now up nearly 33,…
RT @jaketapper: 'It's impossible' to finish recount by deadline, Palm Beach county election supervisor says @CNN https://t.co/8nelLYaLyn
RT @yashar: Incredible. @weeklystandard reported that Steve King referred to immigrants as "dirt." Rep. King and his camp denied he did and…
Other than retweeting one WH message about new asylum rules, Trump’s Twitter feed has been silent since Election Day about the caravans approaching the southern border, which he constantly called a crisis in the days running up to the midterms
Lindsey Graham says he spoke with Whitaker yesterday and will meet with him this week. “I don’t think he has to recuse himself,” Graham says on CBS, adding that Mueller will be “able to do his job” without “political interference” from Whitaker.
Nadler wants to investigate whether WH interfered with Kavanaugh probe, which means Don McGahn will likely be hauled before his panel https://t.co/y5PCnKhDU6
Nadler, asked by @jaketapper re potential campaign finance violations from hush-money, says, “It may well be an impeachable offense ... if it goes to the question of the president procuring his office through corrupt means.” He did say it may not mean Trump is impeached over it
The top Dem on House Judiciary, Jerry Nadler, says “our very first witness” will be Matt Whitaker, saying on @CNNSotu that “if necessary” they wiil subpoena him to appear and answer questions about his views on the Mueller probe
Schumer said Democrats will “attempt to add” bill to protect the special counsel into must-pass measure to keep the government open, but he stops short of threatening a shutdown over it when asked by @jaketapper
“The Kavanaugh dispute I think helped us more than hurt us,” Schumer tells @jaketapper, pointing to gains in suburban House seats and state races
Radio ad just now promoting the American Cannabis Summit, urging you to “join” John Boehner there
Up next https://t.co/qeM2UJ9Ftt
Macron: “Patriotism is the exact opposite of nationalism. Nationalism is a betrayal of patriotism. By saying our interests first who cares about the others, we erase what a nation hold dearest, what gives it life, what makes it great!and what makes it essential: its moral values”
RT @DavidNakamura: World leaders are walking shoulder to shoulder along the Champs Elysses but Trump arrived separately and isn’t participa…
RT @NickMiroff: WP’s @DanLamothe went to check on the troops at the border and found cold tents, a lot of mud and bored soldiers sounding f…
RT @BeschlossDC: In the Paris rain, May 1961, JFK and de Gaulle honor soldiers who gave their lives: https://t.co/4Dh61zgVBI
Sinema – 1,045,779 – 49.5%	McSally – 1,017,091 – 48.2%	 	Sinema lead – 28,688 votes	 	Percentage of vote reporting: 88%.	 Via @jennagiesta
RT @jaketapper: McSally-Sinema update: As uncounted ballots dwindle, Kyrsten Sinema's lead falls slightly https://t.co/l3AJ1lc3gE
RT @colvinj: The White House says the president’s visit to the Aisne-Marne American Cemetery this afternoon has been canceled because of ba…
RT @PostBaron: An attack on one of the world’s bravest journalists. https://t.co/Jy0L2rFHvq
RT @Arianedevogue: Jeff Sessions didn’t realize Matt Whitaker was “self-dealing” until the end https://t.co/FSk5y1xles w/ @evanperez + @Lau…
Sinema – 991,189 – 49.3%	McSally – 970,986 – 48.3%	 	Sinema lead expands – 20,203 votes #azsen
Dem congressman in the middle of anti-Pelosi push responds to reporting of their first steps to stop Pelosi from being speaker: “We‘re the voices of the silent majority” https://t.co/lJlLLihCZE
An olive branch to Whitaker and Trump https://t.co/3vwDBQzXeS
McConnell says Whitaker will be a "very interim" AG, but Susan Collins says, "I am concerned" about Whitaker's past comments on Mueller probe. "I believe that we should bring to the Senate floor legislation that would put restrictions on the ability of" Trump to fire Mueller
McConnell rejects calls to pass bill protecting special counsel.  "Like I've said  before, it's not necessary. The Mueller investigation's not under threat. The President said repeatedly he's not going to dismiss the Mueller investigation." https://t.co/bwpHkVLzeY
RT @MarcACaputo: 🚨 NO ALLEGATIONS OF FLORIDA VOTER FRAUD, says FDLE, the agency Gov. Scott dispatched to investigate in his Senate race htt…
RT @arogDC: .⁦@WhipHoyer⁩ told me today that he expects ⁦@NancyPelosi⁩ will be Speaker	https://t.co/UnNr8ibXge
Swalwell to @wolfblitzer on running for Dem nomination in 2020. "I'm going to spend the holidays talking with my family," noting his family is "supportive." He says "we've spent a lot of time in Iowa" over the last two years, saying he helped Dems pick up seats there.
"The Trump Tower meeting and its aftermath are among several previously  unreported instances in which Mr. Trump intervened directly to suppress  stories about his alleged sexual encounters with women," raising prospects Trump broke campaign finance laws https://t.co/eZGIYfABlK
RT @AsteadWesley: There are embarrassingly few black and hispanic reporters in the WH press corps and four have been personally insulted by…
RT @jdawsey1: There is literally audio and video of Trump saying he knows Matt Whitaker last month. Today, he says he does not know him. ht…
And Trump today said “I don't hold him for that because it wasn't overly, you know, horrible” in the incident that Sarah Sanders claimed was the reason Acosta’s credential was removed https://t.co/jgf2KYIrq3
RBG has been discharged from hospital, is doing “well” and is working from home today, per court spox
Not a denial https://t.co/EuqB5cvZop
Trump making false argument asking why Mueller is not getting Senate confirmed (which is not required) and comparing it to Whitaker - though AG requires Senate confirmation. And suggests Mueller had never been Senate confirmed (though he had as FBI director)
Trump, threatening to further retaliate against the free press if he doesn’t like their coverage, now saying “there could be others” whose credentials he pulls if they’re “not respectful”
Trump derides George Conway, Washington attorney and husband of Kellyanne Conway, saying he’s “just trying to get publicity” in his criticism of the Whitaker appointment
Trump: “I don’t know Matt Whitaker.” Claims he did not speak to him about the Mueller probe
RT @baseballot: Kirsten Gillibrand, Oct. 25: “I will serve my six-year term.” Kirsten Gillibrand, last night: https://t.co/nV9omq4WW2
RT @jmartNYT: In a stark display of the nation’s divide, the lower and upper chamber of every legislature but one — Minnesota — will be con…
There are 10 incoming freshman and 12 incumbents who have said they would not support Pelosi, per CNN tally. The question is how many would actually vote for another candidate on the floor when Pelosi is the Democratic Caucus’ candidate https://t.co/hQ6n9vqIFz
Sessions firing and taking on the Whitaker appointment quickly emerging as the top priority for the incoming House Democratic majority  https://t.co/esRViuGSNN
RT @NewYorker: According to an expert in digital-image forensics, the White House's video of Jim @Acosta features repeated frames, and part…
RT @IsaacDovere: Some things since Tuesday night that reshape midterm thinking:	-4 more House R-&gt;D seats called	-Florida Gov &amp; Senate move…
Pelosi detractors plot their first steps in hopes of generating more support to deny her votes on floor, beginning with debate next week in caucus over a rules change. No candidate yet but they say at least 12 will hold together. w/ ⁦@KilloughCNN⁩ https://t.co/DawbUca3Io
Pelosi: “I don’t think we should impeach a president for political reasons.  But I don’t think we should not impeach him because we think it’s politically… impeding for us to do so.  We have to see what the facts are.”
CUOMO:  What is your level of confidence that you’ll be the Speaker of the House?	PELOSI:  That’s total.	 	CUOMO:  A hundred percent.	 	PELOSI:  A hundred percent, yeah.  I
Pelosi says it’s a wave: “23 votes was a wave, when you talk about the gerrymandered climate, territory that we had to contend in; very gerrymandered and from the start people said, oh, that’s interesting, but you can’t win because of gerrymandering”
Pelosi on the firing of Sessions: ”The latter is the primary purpose is to interfere with the Mueller probe. The timing of that, the Mueller investigation -- the timing of it, of course, to distract from the big defeat that the president suffered in terms of our taking the House”
Pelosi tells @ChrisCuomo that passing a bill to expand background checks on gun sales will be “a priority for us in the next Congress,” though getting it out of the Senate is highly doubtful
New numbers in #azsen               Sinema – 932,870 – 49.1%	McSally – 923,260 – 48.6%	Percentage of vote reporting: 83%
Rick Scott, announcing lawsuits: “I will not sit idly by while unethical liberals try to steal this election from the great people of Florida.” Bill Nelson: “Rick Scott’s action appears to be politically motivated and borne out of desperation.” Drama grows in #flsen
Dems suggested this on today’s conference call organized by Pelosi too, though it’s unclear how hard they’ll push for it in this round of spending bill talks https://t.co/V2yFtyrVIM
Latest info on where the races stand ——-&gt; https://t.co/t4eAiu9VYx
Kyrsten* Sinema
Big shift after more ballots counted - as the Dem, Krysten Sinema, pulls ahead in #AZSEN. More ballots left to be counted but needless to say, this would be a significant pickup for Democrats  https://t.co/VFGy75Zb7K
Republicans pickup a House seat in Minnesota. Balance of power: Democrats – 225	Republicans – 200	Undecided - 10
On call organized by Pelosi, Nadler said firing of Sessions was a “crisis moment.” Along w Schiff and Cummings, Dems said they would seek to protect Mueller, including to try to add measure to must-pass spending bill. They said Whitaker must step aside from probe. w/@jeremyherb
RT @BresPolitico: &gt;@RepLindaSanchez dropped out Dem leadership race is her husband, James Sullivan, was indicted in federal court in Connec…
RT @MarcACaputo: Six recounts		A US Senate seat	The governors mansion	Agriculture commissioner	Two state House seats	A state Senate seat		A…
RT @jaketapper: “The White House News Photographers Association is appalled to learn that the White House spokesperson may have shared a ma…
Lindsey Graham says he has “confidence” in Whitaker: “I talked with the President about a permanent replacement for Attorney General.  I’m confident the White House is looking for someone who the President and country can have confidence in, and be confirmed by the Senate.“
Rep. Linda Sanchez, vice chair of the Democratic caucus, is withdrawing from the race for caucus chair,  per @KilloughCNN
As House Dems raise alarms about Whitaker appointment at DOJ and his role overseeing Mueller probe, with Dems planning an afternoon conference call, Whitaker touching base with Republicans. He and Grassley had a brief courtesy call today, sources say
Rupert Murdoch just swung by Mitch McConnell’s office. Asked why he was there, or his views about Hannity campaigning with Trump, or about the WH pulling @Acosta press credentials, he declined to comment to @tedbarrettcnn
"It’s illegal. And it means that anything Mr. Whitaker does, or tries to do, in that position is invalid," per op-ed co-written by attorney George Conway, husband of Kellyanne Conway https://t.co/xhvrSQ97yx
RT @jimsciutto: 37 days ago, journalist Jamal Khashoggi entered the Saudi consulate in Istanbul and disappeared. Saudis now admit he was mu…
RT @ryanobles: BREAKING: First @AndrewGillum statement on possible #FLGov recount “It has become clear there are many more outstanding ball…
After Karen Handel conceded in GA and Dino Rossi conceded in WA, Dems have picked up 31 seats so far.	 	House breakdown:	 	Democrats – 225	Republicans – 199	Undecided - 11
RT @eorden: New: Mueller has asked Trump's lawyers to produce call and visitor logs related to Roger Stone from Trump Tower in New York, ac…
RT @burgessev: What is the status of the Kavanaugh narrative now that Tester won by the same percentage as Manchin?
Christie, who played a role in Trump camp, would likely have the same recusal questions as Sessions https://t.co/ppvf8wx4I3
In addition to letters top House Dems sent to Trump officials to preserve docs, Democrats call on House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte to hold emergency hearings in the lame duck about Sessions firing and to pass a bill to protect the special counsel. https://t.co/j6qqTZ7RhI
RT @melissakchan: As someone who has had my press credentials denied by authoritarian China, I never thought I'd see this crap happen in th…
Sarah Sanders does not have a press briefing scheduled for today
RBG fell at the court and fractured three ribs and has been admitted to GW hospital, court spox says
RT @PhilipRucker: The president has not tweeted about the caravan “invasion” since before the election.
RT @jaketapper: Whitaker's link to a 'scam' company that was shut down by the government @CNN https://t.co/M7GyIYAXcJ
RT @jeffmason1: I was seated next to ⁦@Acosta⁩ at today’s press conference and did not witness him “placing his hands” on the young intern,…
Pelosi detractors held 90-minute conference call, and some said there are at least 12 firm ‘no’ votes on floor. “If we get 229 (seats), she will never get 218" votes to become speaker, Vela told us. Pelosi more confident as allies move to lock down votes https://t.co/ctzwze5kt8
RT @adamgoldmanNYT: Senior Justice Department officials have viewed Mr. Whitaker with intense suspicion. His is seen by department official…
RT @whca: WHCA statement on White House decision on credentials. https://t.co/bukK7CGu2G
RT @peterbakernyt: Trump @PressSec confirms that White House has suspended the hard pass of a reporter because it doesn't like the way he d…
Bigger GOP majority gives Susan Collins a lot of breathing room as she  heads into 2020 reelection. She can afford to vote no, aligning herself with Democrats while also not infuriating Republicans by being the decisive vote. A gift for her as she becomes a top Dem target
Dianne DeGette sends letter to colleagues saying she’s running for Democratic whip, challenging Jim Clyburn for the No. 3 spot in the new House majority. https://t.co/qJiAsZoTmc
Jeff Sessions just left the Justice Department, shaking Acting AG Whitaker's hand as he gets into awaiting vehicle
Collins: "I’m concerned Rod Rosenstein will no longer be overseeing the probe." https://t.co/5z1UrVxj8v
Pelosi today here in discussing the Democratic plans to investigate and oversee the Trump administration, and offering this warning of sorts: "When we go down any of these paths, we know what we're diong, and we'll do it right." https://t.co/2nMrONUan1
An acting AG can serve for 210 days, though that can be extended if a person is nominated to permanently fill the vacancy and there are some other caveats as well. @tedbarrettcnn
Graham, who said to us in July 2017 there‘d be “holy hell” to pay if Sessions were fired, has been accepting of the idea in recent weeks. Just now on Hannity: “I’m looking forward, not backward. Got a new chapter at the Department of Justice and I’m excited about the opportunity”
Rep. Nadler: “We are immediately issuing multiple letters to key officials demanding that they preserve all relevant documents related to this action to make sure that the investigation and any evidence remains safe from improper interference or destruction.”
Schumer: “Given his previous comments advocating defunding and imposing limitations on the Mueller investigation, Mr. Whitaker should recuse himself from its oversight for the duration of his time as acting attorney general.”
The first sign of the new world of a Democratic House. GOP so far meeting this news with a collective shrug. Dems plan to investigate it when they take power in January. https://t.co/55K0oIwSBC
Another example of the president declining to fire someone himself - and leaving it to his aides to do so instead https://t.co/ECbzO1vPwk
RT @jeremyherb: Before being hired by Sessions, Whitaker wrote an op-ed saying the Mueller probe had gone too far https://t.co/G0iMKLJinJ
Earlier today I asked McConnell if he would be comfortable with Sessions being replaced as AG.	“It's not up to me, Manu to tell the president who to put in a cabinet. They serve at his pleasure. And if he makes changes, we'll be dealing with whoever is sent up.”
Schumer told me he doesn’t know Matt Whitaker and has no opinions of him.
“Oh,” Schumer says as he’s handed a note about Sessions resigning during presser. He warns about a “constitutional crisis” if it leads to tampering with the Mueller probe
Cornyn’s former primary foe in 2014. Cruz refused to endorse Cornyn in those states https://t.co/j31dcuS9tP
Schumer comes out hailing the election results, calling Trump “delusional” for his remarks today and saying the biggest news was the Dems taking the House and a “check” on Trump.
"I think I’m the best person," she added. "And I’m not going to answer any more questions on that subject."
Pelosi reiterates her confidence she will become speaker and have the votes, while talking up her negotiating skills. And makes clear she doesn’t want to answer any more questions about the topic
Just asked Pelosi about prospects of Dem overreach and how far they’ll go to try to get Trump tax returns. "I don’t think we’ll have any scattershot freelancing in terms of” probes.	On taxes:	"When we go down any of these paths, we know what we’re doing and we’ll do it right.”
CNN projects Democratic Senator Jon Tester wins re-election in Montana, defeating Matt Rosendale. Majority will either be 53-47, 54-46, 55-45
“I retired him,” Donald Trump says of Jeff Flake, calling him a “real beauty” and said he’s done a “great service” to the country
"That's such a racist question," Trump asked about his claim of nationalism and whether it amounts to white nationalism.
“I could fire everybody right now,” Trump says on stopping the Russia investigation. “But politically, I don’t want to stop it.”
Trump still claims he is under audit - “a continuous audit” - when asked about Dems seeking their tax returns. “They are under audit... People wouldn’t understand them.”
Trump won’t rule out a shutdown in December over the border wall. “I can’t commit to that.”
Trump on the flurry of House probes expected and potential subpoenas. “Then, government comes to a halt, and I would blame them.”
Trump now claiming that GOP members who “didn’t want the embrace” lost because of that. “Too bad Mike,” Trump on Rep. Mike Coffman. “Mia Love gave me no love.” No mention of Dean Heller, who did the full Trump embrace and lost
Trump showing no regret or signs of readjusting after losing the House -  saying they “significantly beat expectations.” Bush and Obama each acknowledged the “thumping” and “shellacking” they took
RT @JonLemire: This is quite the tweet https://t.co/3KmxJ7S8HS
"I think it's way too early to talk about impeachment," Nadler told CNN. "We have to see what the Mueller investigation comes up with." w/ ⁦@jeremyherb⁩ on the next steps on Russia probe https://t.co/9uKvGZPGc2
McConnell wouldn't discuss the impact Trump may have had downticket beyond Senate races, and whether his rhetoric may have turned tide in House. "I'm proud of what happened" in the Senate. "The president was very helpful to us." https://t.co/NmRU7TgpqK
Asked why not Kevin McCarthy for minority leader, Jordan told me: "I think we have to match the president's intensity on changing this town as we move forward."
Jon Tester now up by 2,030 votes in #mtsen with 99% reporting
Jim Jordan told me of GOP minority: "You stand up for the truth, you stand up to defend the WH and the president." He also said that the reason why the GOP lost the House was because "in some cases, we tried to run some local races. We should have run closer to the president."
“It’s not up to me,” McConnell says https://t.co/7zQyaZnpPg
McConnell won’t say if it’s a “crisis” at the border as Trump has said with regards to the caravan. “It’s not a legislative issue.”
He wouldn’t discuss what impact Trump may have had in suburban areas and what impact president had in costing the GOP the House https://t.co/zMBXcRSJaX
McConnell warns House Democrats against “presidential harassment,” says, “It might not be a smart strategy.”
With three GOP pickups and three Senate races yet to be called, GOP majority could be 53-47, 54-46, 55-45 or 56-44. Beyond confirming nominations, the most significant thing may be that the bigger the GOP majority, the harder it will be for Dems to take back Senate in 2020
@ElizLanders and I visited the district to do a story on Lindsey Graham, where Arrington delivered a fiery Trumpian stump speech, railed on media and called her opponents “evil.” She ducked out and left thru a kitchen when we tried to ask her questions. https://t.co/aKhTby9Mub
“We are proceeding to a recount," Sen. Bill Nelson says of #flsen as Dems hold out hope of saving the seat
This was a big surprise last night - a GOP district lost by a Republican candidate who aligned herself with Trump and beat Mark Sanford in the primary  https://t.co/HAfymFgw3K
McCarthy vs. Jordan for House minority leader. McCarthy heavily favored in the secret ballot election
Among House D probes:	- Immigration/family separation 	- Whether Trump violated emoluments 	- whether WH improperly used security clearances	- why Trump admin not defending ACA in court	- areas not explored by Mueller, including potential money laundering		https://t.co/r06tvB547P
Democrat Krysten Sinema trailing by fewer than 15,000 votes in #azsen with 99% reporting. The Green Party candidate got nearly 40,000 votes
Pelosi detractors plot next steps and say there are talks about challenger. But they don’t have a candidate yet and vast majority of caucus wants to keep Pelosi. Tim Ryan, who ran against Pelosi last year, told me: “I don't have any intention of doing it.” https://t.co/Uy3NMoEYDM
RT @henryolsenEPPC: Heller is gone. Clark County (Las Vegas) dropped its early ballots and he's behind statewide by 8.5%. He's also behind…
Trump doesn’t seem too concerned that they just lost the House - nor does he seem likely to make any adjustments to how he’s handled his job https://t.co/17xcddZsZH
RT @juliehdavis: One president called it a thumping, one called it a shellacking. This president calls his party losing the House a "tremen…
And one indicted congresman, Chris Collins, has won - and another, Duncan Hunter, is ahead in his race https://t.co/HEe0RjGxpS
Clyburn told us he‘ll run for majority whip  - and he predicted Pelosi would not have a serious challenge to her speaker’s bid.		“No I don’t,” he said when asked if Pelosi would face major challenge.		He said he expected Pelosi, Hoyer and himself to return as top three leaders
Bottles of champagne delivered to House Democrats who are celebrating
Any way you slice it, taking control of the House is a very big deal and will change the course of the WH. Many Dems though believed they could have held the Senate to 52-48 - and they may ultimately do that if Arizona and Nevada flip
Real split screen night for Ds tonight. They’re excited for a big House win, but Senate Dems in Trump country going down and GOP could have more robust Senate majority: Donnelly, McCaskill and potentially Nelson lose. Manchin survives and Tester may too. Could be 54-46 Senate
Chants of “Speaker! Speaker! Speaker!” from Dem supporters as Pelosi takes the stage
DNC Chair Perez says Dems will have increased governorships from 16 to at least 21 after tonight
Nadler said that his committee would probe administration’s family separation policy, gun safety, environmental laws and health care policies - including the failure by DOJ to defend the Affordable Care Act in the Supreme Court.
Nadler said “it’s way too early” to be talking about impeaching Trump and downplayed doing that but he wouldn’t rule it out - depending on what the Mueller probe finds. 		“He’s going to learn that he’s not above the law.”
Cummings said they would also look into matters involving the use of security clearances in the Trump administration -- and day-to-day issues affecting many Americans, such as high prices of prescription drugs and insurance coverage for people with pre-existing conditions
Dem majority in House won’t be enjoyable for WH. I spoke w two key committee chairs, Elijah Cummings and Jerry Nadler, and they lay out what they want to do: Cummings: Probe voting rights and whether Trump violated emoluments clause. “We probably will” seek Trump tax returns
With a bigger majority, Collins and Murkowski will lose some influence since McConnell could afford to lose their votes and still get his way, particularly on nominations. Still need to see what happens in Missouri and Montana - and Nevada and Arizona
CNN projects: GOP will maintain control of the Senate - and that Cruz wins re-election
Rick Scott up by 51,000 with 99% of the vote in, meaning GOP could pick up Florida, Indiana and North Dakota. Arizona, Nevada are two Dem pickup chances. Dem seats in Montana and Missouri also outstanding.
Cruz narrowly ahead of Beto with nearly 80% of vote in
In KS, Dems on pace to win two House seats and governorship. We spent time in KS-2 where Pelosi has been the subject of relentless attacks and the Dem said he wouldn’t vote for her as speaker. But he’s probably going to win, and she’s likely to be speaker. https://t.co/l7OWnY6LNi
Dems need 11 more GOP seats to take back House - and are leading in 23 GOP districts
Magic number now 17 for House Dems, per CNN projections
Dem House majority very much within reach. Senate Dem majority increasingly outta reach https://t.co/IVoiK8OynT
Manchin wins in WV; Marsha Blackburn keeps Tennessee seat in GOP hands; Donnelly on the ropes; and Beto’s lead shrinks to less than 1%. Looking good for GOP chances to expand Senate majority; Nevada and Arizona still outstanding
RT @NYTnickc: This is incredible. One of the jurors from Menendez's corruption trial is at his election night party: https://t.co/wH23fIJ15X
Pelosi, addressing supporters, says: “A historic victory is within our grasp.”
Manchin holding steady in West Virginia
Bad sign for Dem hopes of taking back the Senate, with Braun up comfortably over Donnelly.
More than half of the vote in, and Beto is still leading Cruz. Up by 61,000 votes
CNN projects Dems pick up Florida seat, Donna Shalala, taking House GOP seat in Southern Florida. Need 21 more to take House; Dems currently leading in 15 GOP district; GOP leading in two Dem seats
Nelson v. Scott and Gillum v. DeSantis are extremely close at the moment
Beto ahead of Cruz but it is very early. He’s ahead by 170,000 votes. Just 13% in.
CNN projects six Dems will win re-election: Elizabeth Warren, Sherrod Brown, Ben Cardin, Tom Carper, Chris Murphy and Sheldon Whitehouse.	 	CNN also projects Republican Gov. Charlie Baker wins re-election in Massachusetts, and Gov. Tom Wolf wins the Pennsylvania Governor’s race.
CNN projects Barbara Comstock goes down in the Virginia suburbs of DC, a Democratic pickup, with 22 needed for a Dem majority. NRCC had dropped more than $5 million in this race
Bill Nelson up by 71,000 votes over Rick Scott with one-third of the vote in. #flasen
Trump had endorsed Corey Stewart against Kaine, but Senate GOP abandoned him over his controversial views https://t.co/MbnccpNtSb
Around three-quarters said that extremist violence is an important factor in their vote for the US House in 2018, according to preliminary CNN exit data, with a quarter who said it's the most important factor and half who said it's an important factor. https://t.co/aYr0fBGExr
Finger-pointing already beginning as GOP braces for possible loss of House. A number of Rs say Trump's scorched-earth immigration message hurt vulnerable incumbents in key districts in TX, FL and Cali, taking away from their "jobs vs. mobs" argument. https://t.co/Y38vAtoqx0
Roughly four in 10 voters listed health care as their top concern, according to preliminary results from CNN's national exit polls, more than any other issue
Early exit polls: 54 percent of voters have an unfavorable view of GOP. Dems have a 50% favorability rating. But Pelosi’s numbers are upside-down, with more voters having an unfavorable view of her https://t.co/1uJX2NJP87
Early exit polls: Two-thirds of voters say their vote in today’s election is about Donald Trump; a significant 1-in-6 voters say this is the first midterm election they’re voting in
As we head into tonight, here’s where all the House races stand - and the ones most likely to flip  https://t.co/4V6lWmlT5F
RT @jeremyherb: Planning to settle in with your favorite cable news channel to watch returns tonight? Get ready with this great hour-by-hou…
Mitch McConnell, leaving Senate floor, tells @tedbarrettcnn and me how he’s feeling as pools close soon. “How I feel depends on how it turns out. Talk to me afterwards.”	 	Are you predicting Republicans will keep control of Senate?	 	“I sure hope so.”	 And he walks into office
RT @peterbakernyt: Fox chides Hannity and Pirro for participating in last night’s Trump rally: "Fox News does not condone any talent partic…
RT @AnnParks: A super Inside Politics for you happening live! @jeffzeleny @mkraju @MargieOmero @amyewalter @juliehdavis @KSoltisAnderson --…
As of early AM, at least 33.2 million votes have been cast early or by mail nationwide, according to data collected by the firm Catalist.		In 2014 midterms, at least 20.6 million early votes were cast by same point - and ultimately 22.4 million were cast early or by mail
RT @merica: Sean Hannity said he wouldn't campaign on stage at Trump's rally. Hours later, he did exactly that. https://t.co/2p2rHapImQ via…
RT @PhilipRucker: The White House-Fox News nexus has rarely been as evident as tonight in Cape Girardeau:	-Hannity pre-game interview	-Trum…
RT @AlliemalCNN: Sean Hannity just took the stage next to Trump in Cape Girardeau. Earlier today he released this statement: "To be clear,…
RT @ZekeJMiller: Fox News hosts are now stumping for Trump on stage. Fox News is not carrying it live.
Nielsen, Wray, Coats, Sessions: “At this time we have no indication of compromise of our nation’s election infrastructure that would prevent voting, change vote counts or disrupt the ability to tally votes,” saying Russia and others “continue to try to influence public sentiment”
RT @brianneDMR: Chuck Grassley throws his support behind embattled iowa Rep. Steve King #ia04 https://t.co/KP3wqImvu0
RT @AlliemalCNN: Talking to WJLA, Trump says one of his regrets of 1st 2 years in office is his tone. 		"I would like to have a much softer…
RT @jdawsey1: “I don’t care. They can do whatever they want and I can do whatever I want,” Trump says when asked about Democrats potentiall…
Trump, who derided the U.S. intelligence community while alongside Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, says at Ohio rally that U.S. finally has a president who is "standing up for America" on the world stage
RT @kaitlancollins: "You're not allowed to use the word beautiful anymore," Trump says as he brings up Ivanka Trump in Cleveland, arguing t…
A day before the midterms, Trump at Ohio rally pivots to attack on Elizabeth Warren. "She has no Indian blood!"
If GOP loses, will he still say that on Wednesday? https://t.co/0QVtAUPrDU
Sheldon Adelson and his wife contributed a stunning $113M to GOP effort to keep control of Congress this cycle, smashing amount of next closest contributor, Tom Steyer, who dropped a cool $50.8 million for Ds this season (h/t ⁦@DavidWright_CNN⁩) https://t.co/7HC5f8bX4f
RT @DavidWright_CNN: Top 10 Senate races by TV ad spending (gen elex), via @Kantar_Media:	1. Florida: $96.3 M	2. Nevada: $78.7 M	3. Indiana…
Ahead of tomorrow, Pelosi writes to her colleagues and points to what she believes turned the tide. "Our  inside maneuvering and unified votes against the GOP’s efforts to undermine health care and the tax scam for the rich were vital to our success."
RT @jmartNYT: Instant classic:  LEPAGE closes tenure by announcing he's moving to Fla &gt;&gt;		"I will pay no income tax and the house in Florid…
Trump claims he didn't know his campaign's immigration ad now will not air on Fox, NBC and CNN. 		"I don't know about it, you're telling me something I don't know ... We have a lot of ads." 		He added: "A lot of things  are offensive ... Your questions are offensive.”
RT @jdawsey1: So no one is running an ad from the president because it was too racist? https://t.co/JyoNSE7SLd
Even if House flips, the president will still have his veto pen and likely still have GOP control of the Senate. There are significant limits on what House Dems can undo and change, as Trump warns, but they will have subpoena power to investigate, which will be problematic for WH https://t.co/vnsMIuNiCi
“I don’t know, I don’t think so - maybe, maybe not,” GOP Rep. Adam Kinzinger on CNN when asked whether Trump is sending 15K troops to the border to help GOP politically. He later says he believes military has a role to play at border
CNN Poll of Polls (average of polls)	REGISTERED VOTERS	Oct. 14-Nov. 3	How Trump is Handling	His Job as President	 	Approve        43%	Disapprove     52%
RT @meridithmcgraw: John Boehner, the day before the election in @WSJ: Washington Needs to Legalize Cannabis https://t.co/ETMslZGWuZ
Huge interest in key states in midterms: Early voting numbers in Arizona, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, North Dakota, Tennessee, Texas all close to 2016 presidential levels. New Jersey and West Virginia even exceeding 2016 levels
CNN POLL CONDUCTED BY SSRS	Nov. 1-3	Likely Voters’	Choice for Congress	 	Democrat          55%	Republican        42%		Likely Voters’	Choice for Congress	 	             Women   Men	 	Democrat      62%    48%	Republican    35%    49% https://t.co/dGjSPN62ET
Trump to Axios talked about how his momentum may have halted because of bombing attempts and Pittsburgh massacre. “I think momentum might have been stopped because we were doing fantastic. All of a sudden they’re not talking about the election.They’re talking about the two plots”
RT @brianstelter: Things that make you go hmm: Trump's campaign is promoting Sean Hannity as a "special guest" at Monday night's midterm fi…
Steve King, while favored, suddenly locked in his tightest race in years - and perhaps his career https://t.co/TQuuNCBzOx
RT @NickKristof: Jamal Khashoggi's sons seek closure with plea for father's body https://t.co/xSrBjyTybv
“We have too many close races,” Sen. Chris Van Hollen, DSCC chairman, when asked on Fox if Dems would take the Senate
Stacey Abrams says to @jaketapper that Sonny Perdue’s “cotton-picking” remarks amount to “throwback language” coming out of the GOP
Meanwhile, on the Saturday night before the midterm elections, Senate Judiciary releases a 414-page report on the GOP investigation into the allegations against Brett Kavanaugh, saying there was “no evidence” to substantiate any of charge. https://t.co/YdPSCyOE9P
“Did they energize our base or what?” Trump on the caravans
“We have sent so many big talkers to Washington,” Rick Scott says standing next to Trump. “We need to send more doers to Washington, like President Trump.”
RT @nancyayoussef: Thousands of troops have deployed, marking the largest, quick mobilization of the Trump admin, yet not one presser in th…
Corker has said he would support Blackburn but is close to Bredesen, putting him in an awkward spot https://t.co/DlIFOc7BXq
RT @ddale8: Trump lies of his Pittsburgh trip: "It was so respectful of the office of president, and if you got home...read the New York Ti…
This is what Trump is referring to. Nobody on Capitol Hill - not even Dems - took this one seriously. https://t.co/15MOm7Mqii  The allegations they did take seriously were Christine Blasey Ford and Debbie Ramirez, who have not been referred to DOJ for a potential criminal probe. https://t.co/WBeWTKu9gc
RT @jeffzeleny: How the Montana Senate race turned into the ultimate test for Trump. Our story from Bozeman: https://t.co/OTJigDVbEl
Quite an overstatement. As chair of the House Financial Services Committee, Waters would lead an influential committee and oversee the banking system, housing and Treasury. She would not be “put in charge of our Country’s finances.” She was also a target of one of the pipe bombs https://t.co/XepF7WjG2k
@SherylNYT @ahrferrier @thomaskaplan Thanks - that was a fun one to do ...
RT @peterbakernyt: Jobs created during the first 21 months of Trump’s presidency and the final 21 months of Obama’s presidency:		Trump: 4,0…
RT @EliStokols: Subtle. https://t.co/M8oG5CxcPE
Signs here a serious leadership fight for the top three spots may be avoided if Dems take majority. Asked if he believed any CBC member would challenge either Pelosi or Hoyer to the position, Richmond said: "I'm not hearing anything yet about a challenge to either."
RT @LauraLitvan: NEW: AT&amp;T says its political action committee won’t make further donations to anti-immigration stalwart Rep Steve King.…
RT @EliStokols: Trump’s schedule has allowed him to travel constantly to conduct 11 rallies in six days. On Monday, it allowed him almost a…
Jeff Flake says he rooting for GOP Rep. Steve King's opponent, J.D. Scholten, in Iowa. "I'm cheering a few on," Flake says of some Democratic candidates. He won't tell @wolfblitzer the other Dems he wants to win.
"I'm surprised to hear that he would espouse that kind of conspiracy theory with the caravan," Jeff Flake says to @wolfblitzer about this Cruz tweet, calling "fear-mongering "over immigration "unseemly." He says this "just doesn't strike me as plausible"	  https://t.co/SRYfemdf4a
Jeff Flake explaining why he doesn't do more beyond words to stand up to Trump. "Some people .... expect me to become a liberal. I'm not, I'm a conservative," he says on @cnnsitroom. "People shouldn't expect me to vote in lockstep against the president simply out of spite."
Trump continues to single out John McCain, even after he's passed. Without naming him, Trump says: "We actually had Obamacare killed except for one Republican vote." In reality, that bill was a narrow repeal that still had to go to conference w House; passage was far from assured
Trump, who vows to protect people with pre-existing conditions, boasts at West Virginia rally: "We are decimating Obamacare strike by strike."
RT @jdawsey1: Trump supporters, aides dismiss Michael Cohen &amp; Omarosa as dishonorable characters. So why did they hold senior positions in…
“You are creating violence by your questions,” Trump tells a reporter asking him a question at the White House
Trump walks back remarks from yesterday that US would treat throwing rocks by migrants the same as using a firearm. “They don’t have to fire. ... If they do that with us, there are going to be problems... They are going to be arrested for a long time.”
Obama rally in Florida for Gillum and Nelson interrupted repeatedly by protestors in Miami.
After calling for CBC member to be in first two spots of leadership, chairman tells me that there should be a CBC member ONLY if there’s a vacancy. “It could be the same three” of Pelosi, Hoyer, Clyburn. “I'm not ruling that out." w/⁦@KilloughCNN⁩ https://t.co/jcUGNAkFXD
RT @evanasmith: .@tedcruz suggests @BetoORourke campaign funding the caravan. That’s quite a charge four days out. Facts to back it up? #tx…
Marsha Blackburn, meanwhile, has called the caravan “an invading force” and has accused her opponent, Phil Bredesen, of wanting to “greet these illegal aliens with driving certificates, encourage them to work on his campaign, and then go cast a vote for him.” #tnsen https://t.co/k3pPQxMKVU
RT @joshtpm: Trump on mail bomb campaign and Pittsburgh massacre: "We did have two maniacs stop a momentum that was incredible." https://t.…
Trump tomorrow has rallies in Huntington, West Virginia to try to defeat Manchin and then heads to Indianapolis for an evening rally in Indiana Senate race between Donnelly and Braun
Trump now says, “If you want to have a country, vote Republican.”
RT @CNNPolitics: Roger Stone reveals he talked to Trump campaign about WikiLeaks in 2016 https://t.co/kN9Yb9cVMr https://t.co/hjMQs8KjPR
RT @ryanstruyk: .@jaketapper's on-the-spot fact check coming out of President Trump's immigration remarks: https://t.co/368NtT6HVt
Trump falsely claims GOP is in “unison” on immigration when two WH-backed bills were rejected in the House this year after a significant number of GOP defections, joining Dems to reject the measures
A threat to Hoyer more than Pelosi https://t.co/eP0gFVMM0n
RT @maggieNYT: Here are the email exchanges Mueller is looking at https://t.co/78LWThntBm
RT @costareports: Tense scene in Iowa... https://t.co/T1lwJrPqzu
RT @adamgoldmanNYT: Unable to reach Mr. Bannon, Mr. Stone communicated with Matthew Boyle, the Washington political editor of the far-right…
RT @jeremyherb: Hmmm..Roger Stone offers a preemptive defense and discloses that he and Bannon were emailing about WikiLeaks. He says his i…
RT @willsommer: The Wohl / Burkman press conference has been stymied by the fact that their much-hyped witness failed to show at all. https…
“I’m not trying to test any waters,” Oprah says at Abrams rally in Georgia, saying she’s not running for anything
RT @mikeallen: 🚨 “What happens if all of a sudden someone gets shot — someone shoots one of these reporters?” https://t.co/WkbaKLSdAW https…
RT @eliselabottcnn: Trump has told advisers that Heather Nauert, the State Department spokeswoman, is his leading choice to become US ambas…
October 24-29	FLORIDA LIKELY VOTERS	Most Important Issue	In U.S. Senate Vote	 	Health care           26%	Economy               24%	Immigration           18%	Gun policy            10%	National security     12%	Russia investigation   5%	 : https://t.co/Fpo7nssiKS
CNN POLL CONDUCTED BY SSRS	October 24-29	FLORIDA LIKELY VOTERS	Choice for U.S. Senator	 	Nelson      49%	Scott       47%	 	FLORIDA LIKELY VOTERS	Choice for Governor	 	Gillum    49%	DeSantis  48%	 	TENNESSEE LIKELY VOTERS	    	Bredesen      45%    	Blackburn     49%
A reflection of voter interest in a competitive midterm: In Texas, more than 3 million ballots already have been cast, just 100,000 fewer than at the same point in 2016 presidential year. In 2014 midterm, just over 982,000 ballots were cast at similar point
Dems haven’t won this seat in a decade but now have a chance amid Dem energy and missteps by GOP candidate. But the Dem, Davis, is being whacked by Ryan super PAC for 1998 incident where he was at a strip club - while trying to tie him to Pelosi, though he says he won’t back her https://t.co/MR8MH2J66c
The reason behind the surge in Lindsey support among the right. https://t.co/aKhTby9Mub https://t.co/nCfQsFqJDW
RT @jaketapper: One week after a deranged Trump supporter sent IEDs to CNN: https://t.co/o6gNx368KY
RT @Acosta: Had a hell of a night in Fort Myers. One guy dressed as Trump was going off on Soros. https://t.co/IMqdKQkY6r
How a GOP retirement and a novice candidate with questions about his past have given Dems a key pickup chance in conservative Kansas district. But the Dem candidate is running away from Pelosi and has been shredded by Ryan super PAC. w/⁦@KilloughCNN⁩ https://t.co/l7OWnY6LNi
“When I can, I tell the truth.” — Donald Trump https://t.co/Apd4Q2wxbP
Trump today made a broader case against immigration - not just illegal immigration. “A person comes in, was never in our country before, has a baby, and now, all of a sudden, the baby is a United States citizen. And .. many other people come in, through the baby. It's ridiculous”
From Chanute to Lawrence, we visited the Second Congressional District where Dems may pick up a House seat for the first time in a decade. The Dem, Paul Davis, told me there's "no circumstance" where he'd support Pelosi even though she's still likely to become speaker. My piece: https://t.co/CZW3nRYTW3
Jeff Sessions quietly dropped by McConnell’s office tonight and was spotted by the wily @tedbarrettcnn. Sessions: “I have to do my bow to the Majority Leader.”	 	Q-What are your plans after the mid-term and do you plan to step down?	 	“Oh, I’m not discussing those things today.”
RT @jaketapper: NRCC chair condemns Rep. King’s racist views – but why now? https://t.co/uRRDhCaOnE @mkraju reports @TheLeadCNN
Trump offering his logic to reporters just now: Obama did DACA through executive action, so he can get rid of birthright citizenship through executive action
In a face-to-face meeting Oval Office meeting, the President groused to McGahn about Mueller's appointment made on McGahn's watch as White House counsel, and the cloud the investigation has continued to cast over the presidency, per ⁦@evanperez⁩  https://t.co/sd50GCfEy7
Harry Reid, undergoing cancer treatment, issues statement about his past “mistake” on birthright citizenship. “In 1993, around the time Donald Trump was gobbling up tax-free inheritance money from his wealthy father and driving several companies into bankruptcy, I made a mistake” https://t.co/vmZwelsBhS
After months of peace between the two, Trump reprimands Ryan over his comments on immigration yesterday - a warning of sorts to other Republicans who challenge him on this issue https://t.co/Ay6HexFgxY
RT @ryanstruyk: "Our state director is Indian-American, but he does an amazing job," he said. "Our director of all constituent services, sh…
More details here: https://t.co/6QOpe1XRnt
CNN POLL	Oct 24-29	ARIZONA		                Now   Sept.	Sinema     51%   50%	McSally    47%   43%	 	NEVADA	                               Now     Sept.	Rosen                     48%     47%	Heller                    45%     43%	Hagan                      2%      4%
RT @JakeSherman: The Jewish faith has a custom that, when visiting someone mourning, you don’t even speak until spoken to, out of respect.…
CNN: Jamal Khashoggi’s body was dismembered after he was choked to death immediately after entering the Saudi Consulate as a part of a premeditated plan, according to a statement by the Chief Prosecutors office in Istanbul.
What about a chocolate stout? https://t.co/Z2Z0cXbnWD
Early voting numbers in Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Montana, Nevada and Tennessee all show more ballots cast in the 2018 midterms compared to the 2014 midterms, but fewer cast than the 2016 presidential year. But TX, Tenn., Georgia, Montana all are close to 2016 numbers.
Obama narrowly won Indiana in 2008 and narrowly lost Missouri that year -- and lost both states in 2012. https://t.co/MTilXSfo3v
RT @deirdrekwalsh: Wow - Supreme Marriage Proposal - Rehnquist asked Sandra Day O’Connor to marry him - she turned him down but they stayed…
Trump’s first remarks about his Pittsburgh visit were about how he was treated, downplaying the protests and criticizing the media - not about the victims, the community or their families. https://t.co/QnjbfHa1fM
Trump digs in about whether he can reinterpret the Constitution by executive action - which many people on both sides say he can’t do. He also doesn’t make the distinction about birthright citizenship for children of undocumented immigrants versus children of legal immigrants. https://t.co/zsVNzM5ciz
RT @yashar: Jamal Khashoggi was brutally murdered four weeks ago. We’re still waiting for answers. https://t.co/Yzgc2QWELS
“We will win,” Pelosi, bullish, says repeatedly to Colbert about taking the House
RT @TexasTribune: Ted Cruz in 2011: "The 14th Amendment provides for birthright citizenship."		Ted Cruz today in 2018: "I would need to exa…
RT @davecatanese: Some odd phrasing from @SenDonnelly attempting to highlight the diversity of his staff:		"Our state director is Indian Am…
Donnelly in 2013 voted for the bipartisan comprehensive immigration bill, which, among other things, offered a pathway to citizenship for people here illegally https://t.co/3J2Oc38CaP
RT @lrozen: bannon speaking to audience of 17 at Topeka Holiday Inn. https://t.co/xjhoLb5jRT
Comes a day after George criticized Trump’s response to Pittsburgh just as Kellyanne was defending it https://t.co/lXz1cwCB8F
RT @donie: NEW: Twitter responds tonight after a CNN analysis found that Cesar Sayoc made more than 240 threats on Twitter directed to at l…
Larger narrative is how Trump has effectively won over and quieted former GOP critics. Graham told me his ties to Trump have nothing to do with his 2020 re-elect. One possible primary foe, John Warren, told me: "I applaud Sen. Graham in his recent support of conservative values.” https://t.co/0SPc13YDyk
RT @jaketapper: From McCain buddy to Trump pit bull: the evolution of Sen. Lindsey Graham https://t.co/TVsN5QhIym @mkraju reports @TheLeadC…
Asked Ryan's office if speaker agrees with NRCC Chair Stivers on Steve King, and they referred me to earlier statement on King.		"The speaker has said many times that Nazis have no place in our politics, and clearly members should not engage with anyone promoting hate," spox said
RT @JasmineLeeCNN: His advice now for Trump: "Mr. President, if you get mad at me, call me."	https://t.co/7Z80d3j71G via @mkraju and @ElizL…
Lindsey Graham taking his new popularity among GOP voters to key midterm races, telling voters, "I was really pissed" during Kavanaugh hearings. We visited him in North Charleston where he stumped for House hopeful Katie Arrington, who avoided cameras and ducked into a kitchen https://t.co/D7jOucOeBM
“The bottom line is the people who want me to criticize the President want him to lose," Graham told me in South Carolina. "I want him to win. I want him to be successful.” He added: “I don't think there's any room in the party for wanting him to fail.” https://t.co/aBruPS8WIy
Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley cautious on Trump’s talk of ending birthright citizenship through executive action. He was far more critical of Obama’s move on DACA, which he called part of a “long list of abuses of his executive authority.” https://t.co/29fDK05R8B
ZINKE now facing a Justice Department probe about whether he used his office for personal gain, another controversy imperiling a Trump Cabinet member, per @PamelaBrownCNN @evanperez @gregorywallace @foxreports https://t.co/5ZtGCTIPz2
Major repudiation by the chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee against a Republican who suddenly finds himself in a difficult re-election https://t.co/8o7BKy72IG
RT @yashar: 13 days ago I received this tip alleging an attempt to pay off women to make up accusations of sexual misconduct against Specia…
RT @BryanLowry3: Last week, Yoder questioned his Dem opponents anti-Trump credentials and contended he was better suited to hold Trump acco…
If Dems take the House and GOP holds Senate, one potential area to legislate is the reworked NAFTA deal. But fiscal fights loom -- debt limit, spending bill -- and House Dems already prepping for investigations and oversight hearings. https://t.co/HhTTL5QZVY
Hill leaders also got short notice about this trip, which Ryan’s office cited as a reason why he can’t attend https://t.co/Lsk1junsjf
Pelosi still likely to be speaker in D majority, but per CNN tally: of 26 Ds in toss-ups, 11 say they'd oppose her, while an additional 19 Ds in districts that lean Dem or are solid said they would oppose her. How Ds are approaching her bid: w/@KilloughCNN https://t.co/7kxmfNDzbb
RT @jaketapper: This is false. At least 30 countries offer birthright citizenship, including almost every country in Central and South Amer…
Congressional leaders - Ryan, Pelosi, McConnell and Schumer - all invited by WH to join Trump in Pittsburgh and all declined, per two sources
RT @shearm: CLOSING ARGUMENT: Build tent cities for migrants. End birthright citizenship. Fear the caravan. Send active-duty troops to the…
RT @RonBrownstein: In 1996 the Republican platform endorsed a constitutional amendment to end birthright citizenship and the party’s presid…
Gillum responds to Trump calling him a “stone-cold thief” https://t.co/igY4QYsgTY
RT @seungminkim: TRUMP:  If they applied for asylum, we’re going to hold them until such time as their trial takes place.	 	INGRAHAM:  Wher…
Minnesota is a stop left off of Trump’s final campaign schedule before midterms https://t.co/1kRkoP4nKo
Trump curiously defended calling the media the enemy by noting in part that media didn’t tie Obama to SC church shooting. “They didn’t do that with President Obama with the church, the horrible situation with the church -- they didn’t do that. They put my name in the headlines.”
Trump offering without evidence: “You look at that caravan and you look that caravan and look at largely, very, you know, big percentage of men, young, strong -- a lot of bad people, a lot of bad people in there. People that are in gangs -- we don’t want them in this country.”
Laura Ingraham misleadingly says to Trump: “There was a woman who was on CNN a short while ago saying that you have radicalized more people than ISIS -- that was CNN today.” She doesn’t mention the guest apologized for her rhetoric and took back her statement
Trump: “I’m proud of this country and I call that ‘nationalism.’ I call it being a nationalist and I don’t see any other connotation than that.  	 	“Now, as soon as you make any statement nowadays with the political correctness world, they make a big deal. I’m not a globalist.”
Trump on Fox about having rally after Pittsburgh. “Once you start doing that, once you cancel -- so you’re doing a rally and rallies are meant to be fun. Rallies are meant to be everything and I said, ‘Tone it done,’ and then you saw the group saying, “No, don’t tone it down.”
RT @kylegriffin1: As the president calls out CNN and the "fake news" media on Twitter again, remember: Three of the explosive devices that…
RT @ZekeJMiller: .@colvinj asks @PressSec whether Trump will stop 'lock her up' chants and 'Crooked Hillary' in effort to change tone, she…
RT @jdawsey1: Sarah Sanders says the president got elected by an overwhelming majority of 63 million Americans. He lost the popular vote by…
RT @kaitlancollins: "The president is not placing blame," Sarah Sanders tells reporters today. https://t.co/8Eo7vI7KVd
RT @igorbobic: Biden going where Obama cannot: to rally with McCaskill in St. Louis on Wednesday, and Heitkamp in Fargo on Thursday
RT @AaronBlake: Cruz 51	Beto 46		@QuinnipiacPoll
RT @CNNJason: CNN has learned Cesar Sayoc had “a list of more than 100 people” to whom he intended to send packages ... law enforcement in…
RT @jimsciutto: New: Package to CNN intercepted today similar to others sent by Sayoc. Image here: https://t.co/aDPn9cNgGm
Sarah Sanders holding a press briefing at 2pm, now a rare event for this WH
McConnell, asked at a Federalist Society event in Kentucky about the mood of the country, says there's been "a lot of contribution on both sides" in terms of the rhetoric. "I think the whole country has been on edge," adding: "We'll get past this."
Nadler and Sheila Jackson Lee call on Goodlatte to hold “emergency hearing” on “domestic terrorism now gripping our nation.” They say they asked Goodlatte to hold hearing after Charlottesville, but: “You never responded to this request.” https://t.co/fFEdq5cPrN
Mitch McConnell, speaking in Frankfort, Ky., says the shootings in Pittsburgh and Kentucky are clearly hate crimes. "I'm somebody who still embraces the death penalty ... These two occasions in my view would be appropriate for the death penalty."
RT @CNNPR: Another suspicious package addressed to CNN has been intercepted. This time in Atlanta. All mail is being screened off site. Not…
RT @jmartNYT: News here is that Trump was willing to recognize he’d complicate the messaging by appearing in the spot 		https://t.co/fbZ3bt…
RT @DanaBashCNN: His first @cnn intv - trump campaign manager @parscale talks to me about an unprecedented mid term ad paid for and produce…
RT @BresPolitico: From Florida Playbook this morning.... https://t.co/RNTcq3WYdR
“Past presidents were disciplined in their scheduled time, squired from meeting to meeting, event to event, from the moment they arrived in the Oval Office until they headed up ... at night.”		“Trump ... enjoys huge blocks of unscheduled time in which he can do as he pleases.” https://t.co/AuYs3pL4bT
RT @farhip: Number of Trump rallies in which he has bashed the news media so far this month: 15. 		Number of White House briefings in which…
RT @evanperez: Killer was angry at Jews for helping immigrants from Central America https://t.co/hYv1192a3h
Trump, who claims he “never” watches CNN, watches CNN https://t.co/4hGOK0SULb
Paul Ryan says “sometimes” Trump stokes divisions at his rallies. Asked by @jdickerson if Trump actually seeks unity and inclusiveness as Ryan was preaching, the speaker says: “Sometimes he does, sometimes he doesn’t.”
RT @maggieNYT: Reupping- the president falsely said NY stock exchange rebounded five days faster than it did after worst terror attack on U…
In Pittsburgh massacre, FBI and ATF recovered the following weapons at the scene: 3 Glock .357 handguns and a Colt AR-15 rifle. The gunman acted alone, per authorities. Bowers told one law enforcement officer, “they're committing genocide to my people. I just want to kill Jews.”
Trump carrying on. “And at first I was thinking, I’ll cancel,” Trump said after the massacre in Pittsburgh. “And then I said, you know we can’t let evil change our life and change our schedule. We can’t do that.” https://t.co/I0Hvc0BMZR
RT @maggieNYT: The president says the problem is a lack of armed guards inside a house of worship https://t.co/xBTtuTM6wR
RT @donie: CONTEXT: https://t.co/fcDOrs30nu https://t.co/8H7l37XVqb
RT @elianayjohnson: Would be surprised if Trump was hearing about Brett Kavanaugh 10 years ago, which he just said at rally. (Supposedly he…
RT @oliverdarcy: The mail bomb suspect wrote a number of posts on social media vilifying news organizations, including one tweet in which h…
RT @oliverdarcy: —@WolfBlitzer delivers special message at end of show to note it wasn't just on-air CNN personalities put at risk by the m…
RT @BrianSlodysko: WASHINGTON (AP) — Cesar Sayoc is an amateur body builder and former male stripper, a loner with a long arrest record who…
Trump responds to aftermath of suspected bomber’s arrest by suggesting, “I could really tone it up.” https://t.co/qUGJyGREq3
RT @MarshallCohen: NEW: We followed everything Trump said for two days this week... and fact-checked dozens of claims. We found exaggeratio…
Cesar Sayoc had been kicked out by his parents so he has been living in the white van that we have seen pictures of today, according to a law enforcement official, per ⁦@evanperez⁩  https://t.co/Z6JmWFPAdP
"He appears to be a partisan," Sessions on suspected bomber when asked why Democrats were being targeted, declining to comment further
Trump at 10:19am, dismissed the seriousness of the devices, using quotes to call them "bomb" stuff. 		https://t.co/j7HL1bBBxC
Sessions says the suspected bomber faces charges of five federal crimes and up to 58 years in prison
RT @jeremyherb: George Papadopoulos is requesting immunity to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee, sources say, though he test…
RT @kaitlancollins: President Trump says mail bombs coverage overshadowed his proposal to lower drug prices. "It didn’t get kind of coverag…
RT @MichaelCBender: After cable networks cut away from Trump's comments about the bombing suspect, he says the media doesn't credit him for…
He also wouldn’t say Democrats were intended recipients of these packages, saying they were addressed to “high-profile" figures https://t.co/CfiDwrtjES
Trump, about two hours ago, doubted bombing attempts were real, suggesting they were designed to hurt GOP at polls. Trump, now, reading from prompter: "I am pleased to inform you that law enforcement has apprehended" the suspect, calling it "terrorizing" act that is "despicable"
Law enforcement sources say Cesar Sayoc has been arrested in Florida in connection with the suspicious packages. 	  	He is 56, has an Aventura, Florida address, ties to NY, and a criminal history.  		per @evanperez @MarkMorales51
RT @kaitlancollins: What we know about the man arrested in connection with suspicious packages.  https://t.co/gZxpEi8Zdb
RT @AaronBlake: If this is the van and this person did it, this person was driving around with images of crosshairs aimed at Democrats for…
RT @ryanstruyk: President Trump approval rating via new NPR/PBS/Marist poll:		White men w/o degree:	64% approve	30% disapprove		White women…
RT @CNNJason: Notice the political stickers COVERING the suspect's van https://t.co/X9072wKeke
RT @jaketapper: BREAKING: Federal authorities have arrested a man in Florida in connection to the suspected explosive packages, according t…
President of United States engaging in a conspiracy theory over bombing attempts, suggesting it’s designed to hurt Republicans in the midterms. A couple days ago when this first surfaced, he read from a prompter and said this was a serious matter, saying it’s time to unify https://t.co/nljZ4hg9JQ
President of United States at 3am more concerned about CNN coverage than serial bomber or bombers on the loose https://t.co/07EoHG3vHc
A 12th suspicious package to a Trump critic: James Clapper, found in NYC
RT @jimsciutto: At his sentencing, @GeorgePapa19 said: “I made a terrible mistake for which I paid dearly and am terribly ashamed." He admi…
An eleventh suspicious package found  - this one in Florida addressed to Sen. Cory Booker, the Democratic senator and potential 2020 candidate
What Trump is doing at 3:14amET https://t.co/AcQZb6wBn1
Avenatti seems to be welcoming this fight. He announces a 5pmET presser in NY to respond to Grassley’s move
RT @jimsciutto: Latest: Investigators believe some of the packages may have originated in Florida, CNN reporting.
Avenatti, a potential 2020 Democratic presidential candidate, told CNN that the referral is “completely baseless and political.”		“I look forward for a thorough investigation into Judge Kavanaugh,” Avenatti said. “We have all waited long enough.”
NEWS: Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley refers Michael Avenatti and Julie Swetnick to the DOJ for a possible criminal probe over allegations of false statements to Congress regarding Brett Kavanaugh. w/@Arianedevogue https://t.co/59Hnui0sWm
RT @jaketapper: Actually, the very first thing CNN was evacuate our NYC offices because of a bomb threat. 		And I didn’t hear one CNN emplo…
RT @davidfolkenflik: This is the top host for Fox Business Network, peddling a groundless conspiracy theory  after what are believed to be…
RT @maggieNYT: Trying to imagine W conveying this kind of you-did-it-to-yourself message when anthrax-tainted mail was sent to New York Pos…
Trump, reading from a prompter yesterday: “I just want to tell you that in these times, we have to unify.” https://t.co/xe5dV0gu2V
RT @maggieNYT: On the vexing problem Trump, his cell phones, and the Russian and Chinese ears on his conversations @AllMattNYT and me https…
RT @jeffzeleny: The president didn't call the media the enemy of the people as he often does, but he accepted zero responsibility for the h…
Flake on Trump rhetoric: "Unseemly," saying Trump should act like "the most adult among us." Citing anti-media rhetoric and aligning himself w strongmen, Flake on @CNNSitRoom: "That's what's really disturbing, not just what the president says, but to have people following him"
RT @toddgillman: After joke about @BetoORourke sharing a jail cell with Hillary, @TedCruz denounces overheated rhetoric and mail bombs #TXS…
RT @ddale8: Trump said these two things on the SAME DAY. https://t.co/cKhubO2VZZ
Schumer and Pelosi turn “mob” attacks back against Trump. “President Trump's words ring hollow until he reverses his statements that condone acts of violence. Time and time again, the President has condoned physical violence and divided Americans with his words and his actions.”
Why presidents typically don’t attach themselves to gains in the stock market - because when it goes down, they’d have to own that, too. Trump, on the other hand, has taken credit for market gains ever since taking office. Guessing he won’t take responsibility for the drop... https://t.co/AqPT9tFOvE
Strong words from Jeff Zucker about Trump rhetoric against media - whether it’s “fake news,” “enemies of the people” or praising a congressman for assaulting a reporter - saying Trump and Sanders show “no comprehension” that their words matter https://t.co/uZ4PqNKiQi
“I have been informed by U.S. Capitol Police that my Washington, DC office was the target of a suspicious package that has been referred to the FBI,” says Maxine Waters, a frequent target of Trump’s criticism
RT @eorden: The CNN building in New York has been reopened following a security sweep.
RT @DanaBashCNN: Brad Parscale apology for fundraising email under Lara Trump name today citing CNN https://t.co/hz79XfX9FN
RT @seungminkim: Trump does not respond to shouted Q from @jeffzeleny on whether the packages were act of domestic terrorism
RT @jmartNYT: White House a little nervous about Tenn, think too close for comfort and  that Rs were too cocky about having put it away.  W…
Melania and President Trump both condemned attempted attacks against Clintons and Obamas - no mention of CNN by name. Melania said they condemn attacks against other "public officials, individuals and organizations," while president said they don't condone violence of "any kind"
Trump says "we have to unify" in light of the series of suspicious packages and explosives devices. Will see if he carries the same message at his rally in Wisconsin tonight
RT @betsy_klein: There was an extended chant of “CNN SUCKS” from supporters at Pres Trump’s rally in Texas on Monday. It’s a familiar refra…
The package sent to the building that CNN is located in was delivered by courier, law enforcement sources say, per @ShimonPro
RT @cnnbrk: This is a photograph of the suspicious package sent to the CNN building in New York City earlier this morning. Police say it ap…
Time Warner Center is still evacuated, and the powder within the package needs to be evaluated to determine what it is and whether the building is safe to return to, per CNN execs
The devices appear to be pipe bombs, FBI official says
Trump claimed yesterday his tax cut plan would be proposed this week. The Senate Finance chairman, Orrin Hatch,  who is in charge of tax laws, had few answers about this plan. “We’re going to have to get into more details before I comment on it,” he told reporters
Jeff Flake spotted outside evacuated Time Warner Center. It’s not the first time he’s been witness to a chaotic situation. He was on train that crashed earlier this year and tried to help those injured and was also on baseball diamond during shooting that nearly killed Scalise
John Brennan, Hillary Clinton, Obama, CNN, Debbie Wasserman Schultz and George Soros all among those who have been targeted by the suspicious devices in recent days.
RT @PhilipRucker: WSJ: Do you believe [MBS]? Do you believe the denials?		Mr. Trump: I want to believe him. I really want to believe him.…
Meanwhile, Senate Judiciary wrapped up confirmation hearings under an hour with two GOP members present - Crapo and Hatch - for Trump judicial nominees. Dems protested GOP holding hearings during recess and didn’t show. https://t.co/fRiYkwKLzH
The Time Warner Center - the headquarters of CNN has been evacuated - because of a suspicious device. @PoppyHarlowCNN and @jimsciutto had been anchoring from there. Now @Rene_MarshCNN picks up coverage from Washington
Trump’s administration is backing a lawsuit that would gut protections for people with pre-existing conditions https://t.co/Anh5nYXtw6
Susan Collins raising money off her Kavanaugh vote, attacking “ultra liberal extremists” for “not moving on.” (h/t ⁦@DanaBashCNN⁩) https://t.co/dgfWjcmPZX
Rosenstein’s Wednesday Hill intvw rescheduled, the latest postponement after reports he discussed wearing a wire to tape Trump. Gowdy and Goodlatte claim they would be “unable to ask all questions” of Rosenstein in allotted time frame - and he would still appear in “coming weeks”
Adam Schiff tells @CNNSitRoom if Dems take majority, a "high priority" for House Intel Committee will be to determine whether Russians were laundering money through the Trump Organization. Also wants Don Jr phone records to see if he talked to his dad about 2016 mtg with Russians
Trump calls brutal murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi a "very bad original concept" that was "carried out poorly." https://t.co/ezRjgJr6ek
RT @Acosta: On whether there are middle easterners in caravan, I asked:  "there's no proof?"  Trump responded: "There's no proof of anythin…
"There is no proof of anything." -- President Trump in the Oval Office (on discussion about his allegation of Middle Easterners in the Caravans)		Also says: "I'm a very non-political person."
Trump says his supposed 10% tax cut is going to be “net neutral” - believe he means revenue neutral - but he won’t explain how it won’t raise deficit. Says they’re going to propose a “resolution” this week - believe he means legislation - but no bill is close to being introduced
Trump, when he says he's a nationalist, denies he's sending a message that he's a white nationalist. "I've never heard that theory," he tells the WH pool
Brady pretty clear here there’s no middle-class tax cut plan ready to go as Trump has suggested in recent days. https://t.co/hWR8vws3ls
President Trump just said "You can call me a nationalist if you like," as he defended his approach to negotiating the new US trade deal with Canada and Mexico, @mattyhoyeCNN reports
RT @MLevineReports: .@VP just told @costareports: “In the last fiscal year we apprehended more than 10 terrorists or suspected terrorists p…
Two weeks til midterms, Trump relitigating fight over Puerto Rico https://t.co/qteg3UjWbG
RT @costareports: The president's embrace of the word nationalism tonight is a marker, the culmination of many years of resisting the label…
RT @jeffzeleny: President Trump: 50,000 people we love outside.	Campaign manager Brad Pascale: 19000+ inside. 25000+ outside.	Houston Polic…
RT @AaronBlake: This after it was already pointed out to Trump that Congress isn’t in session the rest of this month. https://t.co/29Nh39EB…
Ross twice told Congress in sworn testimony that the idea of a citizenship question originated with the Justice Department, not the WH or with admin officials - something that DOJ flatly contradicted in court filings. Ross now won’t be deposed in this case, at least not at moment https://t.co/HgXmYfWa11
“Republicans will always protect Americans with pre-existing conditions,” Trump says at rally in a state - Texas - that is leading a federal lawsuit to gut the Affordable Care Act and pre-existing condition protections
RT @seungminkim: Eric Trump insisted on stage here at the rally that ISIS is gone.		Pentagon said last week ISIS "remains a deadly adversar…
“Do we love Louie?” Trump on Gohmert
RT @vplus: Michael Avenatti is ordered to pay $4.8 million to former law partner 	 https://t.co/VZNmvFLprK
RT @jeffzeleny: The only Ted Cruz campaign signs here are ones his supporters smuggled in. This is a Trump 2020 rally and his team has pre-…
Yet another sign that this is a campaign talking point rather than a substantive legislative proposal https://t.co/LZ1mZsPdF0
Could be the Trump doctrine: "I don't regret anything." https://t.co/itebzW8wRK
Trump backs off claim from this weekend they would do this before November, given that  House and Senate are both out of session until after elections. Doing this in lame-duck will be hard. But Trump putting it out there now as campaign line in final days https://t.co/rAAHy27sDl
Trump claims without providing evidence that in the caravans, "you're going to find MS-13" and "you're going to find Middle-Eastern." Says they won't be allowed in U.S.
RT @rebeccagberg: Ahead of his rally today for Ted Cruz, Trump is asked whether he regrets suggesting Cruz’s father was involved in killing…
RT @gelles: John Bolton in July 2017 called Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election “a true act of war, and one Washington w…
Top WH national security adviser, speaking to senior Russian officials today, downplayed the impact Russia’s interference had in 2016, saying efforts to meddle in the elections is “not the most important thing.” https://t.co/UFlWceMqrb
Pelosi foreshadowing her eventual departure, a move partly designed to alleviate concerns from some members eager for new leadership.  The question is if she tells them she would only serve until 2020, or perhaps even shorter, or if she stays mum to prevent being a lame duck https://t.co/DoBxHbzCMB
"I am a great legislator," Pelosi said. "And one reason I am is because I recognize the contributions of others, our committee chairs and all the rest."	She added: "I am also politically astute. I took them to a victory in 2006, I know how to do this." https://t.co/SFL6dLEEdn
Kushner’s ties and relationship with the crown prince have come under scrutiny - and today he takes a cautious approach to the Saudis and notes they are a strong ally https://t.co/NPFsxH4QUD
Stunning new video shows Saudis used a body double to cover-up Khashoogi’s murder https://t.co/bLl0y8bYOc
RT @jmartNYT: How about that: will only be two House Rs back next year who came in class of ‘94		via @pkcapitol 		https://t.co/JcOM0jAWTM
Lindsey Graham on Saudi: "The first story was a lie. The second storyline was just manufactured. The relationship is important but our values are more important ... I've been the leading supporter along with John McCain of the US-Saudi relationship. I feel completely betrayed." https://t.co/HMkf2MWldf
RT @joshscampbell: Trump in 2016 on not releasing his tax returns: "You don’t learn anything from a tax return."		Avenatti in 2018 on wheth…
On if Saudi crown prince “loves” his country as Trump said, Graham said: “If the crown prince truly loves his country, he wouldn’t have put his country in this position. If he truly respected the relationship between the US and Saudi Arabia he would never have thought of this”
Lindsey Graham tonight told me that he told Trump they need to work together to send a “clear message” to Saudi Arabia. “I’ve been there long enough to know, I’ve been the leading supporter along with John McCain of the US-Saudi relationship. I feel completely betrayed.”
RT @ElizLanders: new into @CNN this PM: Hatice Cengiz, the fiancé of slain journalist Jamal Khashoggi, has been placed under 24-hour protec…
CNN POLL CONDUCTED BY SSRS	October 16-20	FLORIDA LIKELY VOTERS	Choice for U.S. Senator	 	Nelson      50%	Scott       45%  	FLORIDA LIKELY VOTERS	Choice for Governor	 	Gillum    54%	DeSantis  42% https://t.co/YiccnS3YQr
Corker says he is now getting intel briefings again on Saudi after one last week was scrapped
“In my conversation yesterday with Secretary Pompeo, this did not come up,” Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, tells @jaketapper about Trump scrapping nuclear treaty with Russia
“It just not credible,” Corker, breaking with Trump, tells @jaketapper about the Saudi story about what happened to Jamal Khashoogi. “My sense is MBS was involved with this.” Trump praised MBS, the crown prince, in his WaPo interview
How times have changed: Cruz, who railed on his GOP colleagues as part of the “Washington cartel” in his presidential run, now stumping this week with the No. 2 Republican, John Cornyn, whom Cruz declined to endorse in his 2014 Senate primary
RT @RalstonReports: And he's done after just under an hour.		Most memorable quote was not Trump but Dean Heller to Trump:		"I think everyth…
The House and Senate don’t come back into session until AFTER the Nov. 6 elections https://t.co/1dDiGu7NE8
Tallahassee, the president of the United States says, is one of the “worst” cities in the country https://t.co/sDQG1LDveX
RT @maggieNYT: On Thursday, the president indicated he believed the intelligence. Yesterday, the White House appears to have accepted dubio…
Senate Foreign Relations chairman another skeptical voice among many in Congress, even as Trump says he believes the Saudis https://t.co/C4N8hjOQ7s
Heller on why he fully embraced Trump after resisting him: “What happened was success. We started working together, it builds trust. When you build trust, it builds friendships.“
RT @igorbobic: Of his "hiccup" Kavanaugh comment, Heller says, "I was talking about the process. I was talking about Dr. Ford being a victi…
RT @shearm: Today, @realDonaldTrump proclaimed National Character Counts Week: “This week, especially, we refocus our efforts to be good ex…
RT @brianstelter: Trump called Rep. Gianforte a "tough cookie." @BenCJacobs: "A tough cookie doesn't attack somebody out of nowhere, withou…
WH shows no signs of skepticism about the Saudi story https://t.co/HvZUSdqfQd
In boost to former Sen. Mark Begich, Alaska Gov. Bill Walker abruptly drops out of governor race just days before election https://t.co/dIehR3bxx0
RT @kaitlancollins: The Saudis want a month to complete the investigation into Khashoggi’s death. It’s already been 17 days since he entere…
In #insen, Donnelly’s brother’s company has been a headache for him as it engages in trade practices he opposes. A new detail shows Donnelly’s involvement in setting up a European company, which later outsourced to China a few years after he left there. https://t.co/4LQwKLxLsv
Instead of warning Kremlin re charged Russian national or raising concerns, Trump said: “Had nothing to do with my campaign. ..All of the hackers .. everybody that you see, nothing to do with my campaign. If the hackers, a lot of them probably like Hillary Clinton better than me”
President Trump says he does NOT regret praising a Republican congressman who violently assaulted a reporter.		"No. No. not at all," he said when asked about his remarks, made a night earlier, lauding Greg Gianforte. @Kevinliptakcnn
RT @joshscampbell: Breaking: U.S. govt charges Russian for her role in a conspiracy aimed at inflaming passions online surrounding topics l…
“Listen, here’s my recommendation. Grab your family, grab your friends, grab your neighbors, and get to the poll, because if not, you are going to have another two or another six years of this craziness,” Cohen, Trump’s ex-attorney, told ⁦@mj_lee⁩ https://t.co/NH3ettrdjk
The only members attending are: Nadler, Cummings, Goodlatte and Gowdy
Seems to be a bottomless pit of money this cycle from deep-pocketed donors. Schumer-aligned super PAC, Senate Majority PAC, announces raising over $113 million for the cycle
Anger among House conservatives for being shut out of Rosenstein meeting next week, which only Goodlatte, Gowdy, Nadler and Jordan will attend in a classified setting. Jordan fumes that it’s “very unacceptable” and Meadows says it will prevent the public from learning the facts
Very rare bipartisan agreement: Both sides say Nellie Ohr interview has been led to nothing. She invoked marital privilege preventing her from answering qs about talks with her husband. @MarkMeadows sees no reason to bring her back. @CongressmanRaja calls it a “nothing burger”
No comment yet from Speaker Ryan’s office on Trump praising Congressman Gianforte for body-slamming a reporter who asked a question
RT @PostBaron: Just as the U.S. editor of @guardian said: The president's remarks run "the risk of inviting other assaults on journalists b…
Michael Cohen on Trump’s mind after leaving Montana rally https://t.co/VymtBzQhUz
RT @jonallendc: In one breath, the president says he against mob violence and lawlessness.	In the next, he praises an elected official for…
McConnell this month, citing Hillary Clinton’s comments on incivility and bad atmosphere in DC: “For goodness sake, I think we know who the culprits are here when it comes to the quality of discourse in the country, and it's not coming from the Republican side of the aisle.” https://t.co/rESKFWZt8Y
“I think it diminishes the office, and I think it’s beneath the office and it diminishes women - but it works with some people,” Carly Fiorina to @andersoncooper on Trump calling Stormy Daniels “horseface”
Heitkamp opens debate by apologizing for campaign blunder of identifying victims of sexual assault in an ad.  	“I don’t know that I could ever expect that these women would accept my apology nor am I asking them to accept my apology. But I am praying for guidance and forgiveness“
“It’s a definitive no,” Beto says when asked if he would run for WH in 2020. But when pressed by @DanaBashCNN, Beto says he would serve six years as a senator if he wins and would be back home in El Paso if he loses. Doesn’t seem to shut door entirely if he loses.
“I haven’t,” Beto tells @DanaBashCNN when asked if he’s changed he’s mind that Trump should be impeached, citing in part Trump’s performance alongside Putin and obstruction by firing Comey
RT @jeremyherb: The interview is going to conducted in a secure setting, according to the statement from Goodlatte and Gowdy, and a transcr…