www.webcommentary.com to sign petition against relinquishing our sovereignty to one world global government
Please Retweet and Sign this Petition 'Return Red Eye to the International Broadcast!' - http://301.to/2po
Thank you, Rep. Thaddeus McCotter for all you do for us--you are awesome!!!
Thank you so much Rep.Thaddeus McCotter and Robert Davi for HR 3501	(HAPPY bill),allowing for deduction for pet care expenses!
Support Glenn Beck!!!
Van Jones’s group hires a big Hollywood PR firm; they are pressuring Glenn Beck's advertisers to stop advertising or face boycott.
"Obama’s Green Jobs Czar, self-declared communist Van Jones, has direct ties to the organization trying to silence Glenn Beck." redstate.com
"A communist is someone who reads Marx.  An anti-communist is someone who understands Marx."  Ronald Reagan
Please retweet: just signed petition 'Return Red Eye to the International Broadcast!' - http://301.to/2po
Mike Pence: Members of Congress who support Obama health plan should drop their current plan and enroll in govt.controlled plan.
Mike Pence, thank you so much and God Bless you for fighting attacks on free speech--you are wonderful!
Connie Mack (R-FL) introduces measure condemning Zelaya's ties to Hugo Chavez/move to change presidential term limits.
Connie Mack (R-FL) introduces measure condemning Zelaya's ties to Hugo Chavez/his move to change presidential term limits.
Support Sarah Palin @ http://www.teamsarah.org - Join Today
#thankyouaaron Aaron, God Bless you and your family; you are in our thoughts and prayers and will never be forgotten!
Please retweet: just signed petition 'Return Red Eye to the International Broadcast!' - http://301.to/2po
Everyone, please see the powerful and inspirational film, The Stoning of Soraya M, in select theatres Friday!
Please, everyone see the video of Rep.Thaddeus McCotter's eloquent House speech, "Her Name Was Neda."
Everyone, please see the powerful and inspirational film, The Stoning of Soraya M, in theatres Friday
Fox News has been providing continuous,up-to-the-minute coverage of the protests in Iran!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the courageous people of Iran!
Show support for democracy in Iran add green overlay to your Twitter avatar with 1-click - http://helpiranelection.com/
Our thoughts and prayers are with the courageous people of Iran!
Rep Michele Bachmann, you are an inspiration--fight on!
God Bless you, Senator Jim DeMint!
Congressman Mike Pence, Chairman of the House Republican Conference, is strongly speaking out to support the people of Iran!(Resolution 549)
Show support for democracy in Iran add green overlay to your Twitter avatar with 1-click - http://helpiranelection.com/
Congressman Mike Pence, Chairman of the House Republican Conference, is strongly speaking out to support the people of Iran!
Rep Mike Pence has introduced a resolution supporting Iranian dissidents (Resolution 549) !!!
Thank you, Rep Mike Pence!!!
Rep Mike Pence has introduced a resolution supporting Iranian dissidents (Resolution 549) !!!
Please retweet: just signed petition 'BRING BACK RED EYE TO INTERNATIONAL VIEWERS!' - http://301.to/265
Joe Biden pokes fun at Obama's reliance on teleprompters. Will Joe be sent on another "diplomatic" trip as we speak?
gatewaypundit.blogspot.com has the scoop on the protest at MSNBC headquarters; also, some photos
MSNBC headquarters site of protest rally against corrupt media
R.I.P H.L. "Bill" Billips (CSM) Green Beret Viet Nam vet and all our brave men and women who served--we love you!!!
Thank you, John Boehner, for fighting for the D.C. school choice program!
Yes, I too, wish we had Daniel Hannan in our House or Senate.
1976 gave us 1980!
Bill O'Reilly will do a segment on ACORN's funding sources tomorrow
Time for a nice big bowl of Cheerios smothered in pure cane sugar--an awesome nibble!
Just returned from my friendly neighborhood polling station here in sunny Los Angeles--felt great to vote NO NO NO NO NO NO!!!
Democrat Russ Feingold is obstructing a bill that would honor Ronald Reagan on his 100th birthday in 2011.