It's Friday bitch
So I'm caught up on #TheWalkingDead on #Netflix so how can I catch up on season 9? The AMC app just has like the last 3 episodes
Hurry up baseball season I miss the! #baseball #openingday #braves
#wafflesarepeopletoo
RT @KnockahomaNTN: GIVEAWAY ALERT 🚨		RT and FOLLOW for a chance to win: Early 90’s #Braves mailbox flag, 1992 Braves World Series Coca-Cola…
@scottcoleman55 Try this, you can type in the channels you watch, order them by importance and it will compare them for you and give you a recommendation 	https://t.co/s0JHoVj1e6
I want to get a personalized Jersey any interesting ideas for names and numbers?
@talk_chop My gut tells me something will happen, probably something no one saw coming
All the money in the world would you rather the #braves sign
@KnockahomaNTN Whoever votes green bean casserole cant be trusted and their opinions are trash
Would you rather punch Mickey mouse at Disney world in front of a bunch of kids or walk in on your parents doing it?
Would you rather be eaten by a whale or a cougar?
I saw a tweet the other day that talked about selling commercial time during their funeral. And I LOVE the idea, my casket is going to look like the finish line at a Nascar race!
Pretty sure there was a cat orgy going on in my backyard tonight
Anytime I see the abbreviation WH I think @WaffleHouse not @WhiteHouse
If people could fly, do you think we would have wings on our backs (ex. Angels) or wings for arms (ex. birds)?
@QueenBbecT Dan Blocker
If I could travel in time and have lunch with one person, I think it would be president justin bieber in the year 2056
Hey computers when you take over the world remember I am on your side. You'll need a man on the inside. I volunteer.
Me: My wife is sleeping with another man.		Wife interjects: A younger man with a bigger dick.		Me: There was no need to tell the kids that.
#SuperBowl #pepsisucks #MasterChefThailandSeason3 #callthemidwife what an odd moment in time
Flying is overrated, I always am exhausted when I finally land. Not to mention with how early you need to be at the airport. That 10 hour drive doesn't sound so bad.
Favorite fast food
Just we're all clear The Greatest Showman is a hell of a movie
Just imagine next year @tonyromo is a ref, he'll be throwing flags before they snap the ball. @NFL get on it
@AZHORSEMOM77 Congrats on never being turned down by a hooker #1percent
@scottcoleman55 Determination is impressive
Yo @tacobell you the shit man
Would you rather...
I don't shave, so does that mean I can be offended by the razor commercial bc they're trying to sell me razors?
What planet do you hope we colonize in the future?
Mars = Martians	Jupiter = Jovians
I think I'm going to quit my job and become a professional basketball player, I mean I was voted an allstar in 4th grade
Cheeseburgers are people too
RT @bravesbusyman: So...
So...
Go Bears!
I've just returned from the year 2045, it's very similar to west world, except people are more into martians than westerners.
Sometimes barnes and noble has the perfect gift for your family https://t.co/TttxxsaUX4
@PhilipsCare
Any help @Philips
Anyone have smart bulbs and outlets? I have some questions....	I bought the Philip's hue bulbs, do I have to buy the bridge or can google home control it?	What do you use the outlets for?
Well I made it to another year and I didnt even kill anyone in 2018. My only goal was accomplished. Maybe I can keep it up another year!
@mchooyah Paying taxes is so 2017
This is a tense game. The international juggling championship match will be talked about for generations.
Merry Christmas! That's just early in case I forget next year.
Thanos is a....
Does your kid have any dietary restrictions?		Yeah, dont feed him shit he doesn't like.
When do you take down Christmas decorations?
Help me reach 100 followers — I’m halfway of the way there!
How do you spend Christmas?
If your favorite Christmas movie isn't A Muppet Christmas Carol, you're probably wrong.
Thanks for helping me reach 25 followers! Who else do you think should be following me?
I'm focusing on family the next few days, I'll let all the lunatics in DC worry about whatever they want.
@AuthorKimberley There is no literal way he resigns, gets impeached, Maybe. Nothing happens, probably. Gets reelected maybe, especially if everyone keeps driving a divide in followers. Also I didnt vote for him so stay off my back
I believe very strongly in a consumer tax system. Only pay taxes on money you spend not on money you make. You control how much you pay in taxes.
@GovRonDeSantis @realDonaldTrump What we need to do is get on a budget and quit all this stupid government waste
I'm back
RT @MLBNetwork: 29th, 50th &amp; 100th RT get a signed copy of former @Braves John Smoltz’ book ‘Starting and Closing’. Click for previe ...