ወለጋ ሀገራችን ፣	ኦሮሚያ እናታችን፣	በጋ ገባ መሰለኝ ደረቀ ማሳችን፣	ይለቀም አዝመራ ከልገባ ቤታችን ።
21st century's leadership team	I believe in their strategy.”	•“I think they are the right leaders to follow.”	•“I want you every body to believe in them.”	•“Hop on their back and they’ll carry you across the goal line.”	•“ Please respect they are our team.” https://t.co/oqp36BpSBL
Some political parties leading chaos in west oromia !	I would like to remind them that Security is effective when it is innovative, new, and dynamic, not when it is routine and old .
Say no to OLF's Shitty Politics !	New approaches are always necessary because the human mind, when motivated by enough greed or desperation, will be able to find a way to circumvent the roadblocks and obstacles place in its path.
Message to our country's Political parties !  Unity is important b/c	 group of Parties  together creates a big and huge country, hence if you want to go fast then go alone, but if you want to go far go together, because unity will give you that power and strength,
Equity versus Equality	All Ethiopians should support the current reform and change which benefit our societies.	To be clear, “equity” and “equality” are terms that are often used interchangeably, and to a large extent, they have similar meanings.
Government is, however, essential as the foundation for peace, because peace must at times be secured with force.	Isn't it ?
Dr.Abiyi Ahimed,Dr.Workineh Gebeyehu and Mr.Lema Megersa,	We would like to say that both of you’re the best leaders we could ever have dreamed of working with. Thank you for your reform and change! https://t.co/bf8Xd1Lgdr
Dear our PM Dr. Abiyi Ahimed,	I will forever be grateful for the knowledge and skills that I have gained working under you. Thank you! https://t.co/r8y8JYenTV
Reasons for resistance to Change	1.Misunderstanding about the need for change	2.Fear of the unknown 	3.Lack of competence 	4.Connected to the old way	5.Low trust 	6.Temporary fad 	7.Not being consulted 	8.Poor communication 	9.Changes to routines  &amp;----------------
People react to change in many different ways. Some may respond with fear while others may respond with denial. This resistance to change can be better handled if we knew the reasons why. https://t.co/XHm7En6KaS
•What makes people great?	High moral standards, empathy, kindness, inclusiveness, and altruism. Greatness is not attached with wealth, status,region or power, rather greatness lies in the values one holds.
My message	I think each of us should stop complaining and start doing something for the nation. Let your hands speak. Each of us has a role to fulfill in this mission of making  Oromia/Ethiopia great.Ten hands working for a cause is better than thousand mouths complaining.
A solution to the current conflicts.	Raising children in a positive way,resolving differences with a mutually beneficial solution,and rooting out problems before they grow.Then less lives will be lost.and there would not be as much chaos and death. https://t.co/zlu73mDHzN
Peace has many benefits if we give it a chance,and it is afar more favorable option than conflicts. Imagine all the positive developments we could make if we were have lasting peace throughout the ages. It might be hard,but we must all learn to do it.
Dear God, protect our nation from other peoples that may seek to enter our borders, uninvited and ask that You would be with us and keep our roads &amp; borders. And  Dear God, give the leaders of our country the wisdom and integrity to lead our nation in the best direction.
“Father God, we thank you for your grace and your mercy, for allowing us to be together under your covenant and God we thank you for the revelations and for the breakthroughs; for your direction and for your healing. https://t.co/3tbQ3YRYvM
You know why I'm happy ? not because of the world but....	I belong to Jesus;	  He has died for me;	I am His and He is mine	  Through eternity. https://t.co/2h8fLedSzz
I belong to Jesus;	  I am not my own;	All I have and all I am	  Shall be His alone https://t.co/6Si4IeHvqZ
There is never a spiritual vacuum or neutral spirit affecting and guiding the minds and hearts of the people. Where there is no light darkness prevails. When the light comes the darkness is driven out. https://t.co/YsXee4LLxK
In reality, it is completely impossible to separate spiritual governance from natural governance. If Spirit God does not rule in people, another spirit or spirits will guide their minds and hearts.
Sometimes it Feels cold &amp; you Feel all Alone,	But hold on Better days are coming.	It can be rough in this world, I know it ain't easy.	But hang on in there, I know better days are coming.		You Seen good, you seen bad, You've been happy &amp; sad,	But  BETTER DAYS,  ARE COMING ! https://t.co/7bU9nK8Mvl
Moreover, everyday life and its problems are simply	ignored in light of the bright promise of the future,
If you love peace,equality and equity, so  why you did  sabotage to destabilize the whole country ? ????	You the day hyena   take care. !
ግድፈትና ስህተት ከሰው ባይጠፋም ብዙ ሴቶች የአመራር ቦታ ብይዙ ኢትዮዽያችን የሰላም ሀገር ትሆናለች የሚል አመለካከት አለኝ  ።
. Evidence shows that leaders  have engaged in nepotism, cronyism and favouritism in the appointment of key members of their administration.
Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn't give you credit !
Every one is so focused in when Berso is going to release his Ashelemo book ?.....I think that what people miss.....
I’m Ethiopia on the outside, but Oromia on the inside. Nobody can separate the two equivalent love in my heart https://t.co/S6QrfvUXQR
Oh Lord, I know that trust is a big part of experiencing peace and that fear has no place in my life. Most of the things I worry about or dread doesn’t even happen. So I'm declaring my trust in you. I'm releasing the reins of my life again and asking you to take control.
As when I am going through down phase, I generally used to end up with a fight for small thing with my colleague, senior, friends and family member. That’s why I avoid to react and  ignore and speak less and try to be calm and wait for moment to pass.And then God will help me.
“That's the way life is sometimes: you can fix things up, but you can't make them all better.” “Climb up the stairs cheerfully, climb down the stairs cheerfully! Let your mind is unaffected by the ups and downs of life!” ... life is like a ANalog signal it have its highs and low
Thank you God for the hollysprit on my beloved whife to serve you. https://t.co/HQyv7mV5dS
እኔስ ብዬ ነበር አሁን ሆነ እንጂ:	አብዲ እሌ ተያዘ ለሰው ልጅ የማይበጅ::	ስንት ሰው ገደለ ስንት አካል አጎደለ:	ይናዘዝ ቡተራው አይዞ ባዩ የት አለ ?	ሰው ጨፍጭፈሃል ሃይ ኡዝብላህ:	ፈጣሪ አይቶህ ከፈለህ ከሱማይ::
it is great honor to me to support the current political reform. First all,I 	  would like to express my profound gratitude to His Excellency	  Prime Minister Abiy Ahimed, Foreign Minister Dr.Workine Gebeyehu&amp; Oromia Region president Lama Megersa for  political reform