“Strength of character does not consist solely in having powerful feelings, but in maintaining one’s balance in spite of them” (Clausewitz). Balance, humility, fairness, compassion, honesty. These are among the defining attributes of character. #Leadership
Napoleon once observed that “in war, three quarters turns on personal character and relations; the balance of manpower and material counts only for the remaining quarter.” In any endeavor, character matters. In the most serious endeavors it matters most. #Leadership
“There is no darkness but ignorance” (Shakespeare). Leaders help us learn. The best listen, amplify the best ideas, and include diverse viewpoints in making decisions. #Leadership
”There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies” (Robert Frost). Same with leaders. #Leadership #GiveThemMemories
To gain the respect of all, leaders must demonstrate their willingness to act against their own self interest from time to time. #Leadership
“The measure of success is not whether you have a tough problem to deal with, but whether it’s the same problem you had last year” (John Foster Dulles). Takes a commitment to keep learning, takes focus, takes extensive collaboration. #Leadership
“Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see” (Mark Twain). With leadership comes the responsibility to get the message right, in deeds and in words. #Leadership
Advanced technology makes our military better trained and more precise. This gives us the edge we need against our enemies and limits risk to the innocent. These concerns can and should be addressed to build trust among all involved. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/Vn4MaemP2m
Everything is scrutinized in this era of digital echoes. Every act analyzed. Every motivation questioned. Leaders must work harder to gain the trust of those who follow them in this environment. They must be decent, humble, and caring. #Leadership
Progress, like beauty, is in the eye of the beholder. We may be more prosperous. We may feel more empowered. But experience shows that unless our motivations are principled and our reputation is respectable, our accomplishments will be short lived. #Leadership
“Dignity does not consist in possessing honors, but in deserving them” (Aristotle). The best leaders know that titles mean nothing without the respect and esteem of those who follow them. #Leadership
“You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was” (Lincoln). One of our great Presidents with a simple thought about individual responsibility. My advice to aspiring leaders is to “own it.” Those in positions of responsibility should accept responsibility.
President’s Day. “This country will not be a good place for any of us to live in unless we make it a good place for all of us to live in” (Teddy Roosevelt). The best leaders, in any walk of life, promote fairness, equality, and hope. #Leadership  #RadicalInclusion
The best gifts a leader can can give us are clarity, consistency, priority, and candor. No matter what walk of life, we will thrive when our leaders help us make sense of the complex fast-paced world around us. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
Jr. NBA Day in Charlotte. 1,500 local boys and girls interacting and learning from NBA and WNBA stars and legends. Basketball and life skills: discipline, teamwork, respect. Repeated throughout the year across the country and the globe. #JrNBADay #MakeItMatter
Honored to meet Kay Carter at Second Harvest Food Bank of Metrolina in Charlotte, NC. A woman and an organization that truly makes it matter everyday. #NBAcares #MakeItMatter
“The sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent on it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do” (Galileo). The best leaders attend to matters big and small. Often it’s the small matters that make the biggest impression.
“A leader is best when people barely know they exist...when their work is done, their aim fulfilled, they will all say...we did it ourselves” (Lao-Tzu). When everyone feels like they belong, contribute, and matter the team is unbeatable. #Leadership
Leadership is best seen with peripheral vision. It’s a light touch. The perception of trust and confidence. A sense of belonging. A belief that all contributions matter. Leadership is being persuasive in an on-going and open debate, not a hostile takeover. #Leadership
“Never get bored with the basics” (Kobe Bryant). Truly exceptional performance and greatness begin with learning and mastering the basics. Great leaders are their own toughest critics. They focus. They find inspiration in working harder than others. #Leadership
Feb 9, 1737, Thomas Paine was born. “When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.” Culture—the values that define and hold us together—must be regularly emphasized and constantly reinforced. A leadership responsibility. #Leadership
Humility is what happens when we accept that our accomplishments are never just our own and that we must continue to grow as our responsibilities grow. #Leadership
It’s not too much to ask leaders to inspire us. Not all the time, but when it really matters. Starts with sincerity. Also consistency and credibility. The best leaders, the really inspirational ones, are inclusive and trustworthy. #Leadership
Schools and businesses surround us with signs and posters encouraging us to “Think Big!” But we shouldn’t forget to “think small” too. It is more often small gestures to those around us that create positive memories and a sense of belonging. #Leadership
Congratulations to the officers, crew, and families of the Navy’s newest submarine, USS South Dakota, commissioned yesterday. And to her sponsor, Deanie Dempsey, the people of South Dakota, and the dedicated men and women of General Dynamics—Electric Boat. A great team effort.
Followers have to understand both how to take orders and to give advice. It’s not enough just to validate the boss’s thinking without trying to understand it, contribute to it, and sharpen it. #Leadership
Leaders have to understand both how to give orders and how to take advice. There’s an old saying that when the leader begins a meeting on a particular problem with “I think” everyone else stops thinking. #Leadership
NYC. Polar vortex. Mass of pedestrians walking rapidly, leaning into the wind. No evidence there is anyone hidden beneath the layers of clothing. Except from each quilted form a single naked hand, manipulating the keyboard of their iPhone. Think we may be too connected to think.
Today in 1968 VC and NVA begin the Tet Offensive. Defining battle of the last phase of the Vietnam War. Ending war harder than starting it. Objectives change. Costs accumulate. Public support fades. Takes teamwork across government, steady leadership, a different kind of courage.
The most effective leaders are sense-makers. They clarify and build confidence. They put in the effort required to develop exceptional “bandwidth.” They know how to prioritize and persuade. #Leadership
Diversity produces knowledge, perspective, and strength. But not if it’s just a numerical metric on a PowerPoint slide. Real organizational strength comes in moving beyond diversity to inclusion. Nothing inspires and motivates like a sense of belonging. #RadicalInclusion
“The aim of argument, or of discussion, should not be victory, but progress” (Joubert). Influential leadership comes in illuminating and building on that which brings us together not highlighting and adding to that which drives us apart. #Leadership
Leadership: the art of motivating people to act toward achieving common goals. Brinksmanship: the art of pushing a confrontation to the limit of safety to force a desired outcome. One is persuasive, the other coercive. One feels like success, the other like failure. #Leadership
In solving complex problems and resolving contentious issues, the most effective leaders use their influence much more than their authority. The goal is to solve problems so that they stay solved. Solutions imposed rarely last. #RadicalInclusion
“No man will make a good leader who wants to do it all himself or to take all the credit for doing it” (Andrew Carnegie). So organizations create processes to force collaboration and bring order. Effective leaders know and manage their systems to achieve objectives. #Leadership
“Loyalty to petrified opinion never yet broke a chain or freed a human soul” (Mark Twain). Responsible leaders listen, learn, and never close their mind. In times of crisis, their most important responsibility to those counting on them. #Leadership
At a time when everything around us seems intended to highlight our differences and ignore our similarities, at a time when we need each other’s talents to deal with increasingly complex problems under intense scrutiny, there is great wisdom in these words. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/WUbQyxx17N
Yesterday CG Cutter Bertholf and crew of 170 deployed for months leaving their families without pay. A harsh and avoidable burden on them. Someone may eventually declare victory in the shutdown. It will be a pyrrhic  victory. Responsible leaders acknowledge limits. #Leadership
“Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care” (Teddy Roosevelt). It is unforgivable to leave those who count on you for direction and support wondering if you care. #Leadership
“Hoods make not monks” (Henry VIII, Shakespeare). Titles make not leaders. #Leadership
Trust. Years to build, seconds to break, forever to repair. The one, non-negotiable, indispensable, ingredient of leadership. An everyday, all-the-time factor in any productive relationship. #Leadership
Alternative futures. America active, forward, and partnering to shape events. America reactive, protective, and isolated. The former can be more expensive and inconvenient. The latter emphasizes sovereignty and control. Big question. For 70 years, NATO has been the right answer.
Passing through Raleigh-Durham Airport. TSA agents on watch, professional, courteous. Told me “we have a job to do.” Proud of them. Solid, dedicated citizens who deserve our support. #Leadership
On this day in 1892, James Naismith published the rules of Basketball. Designed to highlight individual skill in the context of team performance, it rewards positive communication. Leaders understand that constant criticism destroys, positive reinforcement builds. #Leadership
“Discipline” is an important leadership trait. In thought, expression, action. It adds order to process. Like the scaffolding around a construction site, it provides a common framework, support, and steady footing to solve complex problems. #Leadership
“Stewardship” is an important leadership attribute. The willingness to accept responsibility for an organization’s resources and people. A full-time commitment. Good stewards weigh every action—or inaction— against its effect on the workforce. #Leadership
“Bandwidth” is an important leadership trait. That is, the ability to manage multiple problems at once and manage them to a positive resolution. Takes knowledge, discipline, perseverance, and teamwork. As Dabo Swinney says “there’s nothing less important than the halftime score.”
Empathy is a particularly important leadership quality.  It connects leaders and those who follow them. It is the clearest indicator of genuine respect and compassion. It reinforces that everyone matters. Leaders feel their responsibilities. #Leadership
One important measure of a leader is whether they grow in the job. Takes a commitment to listen and learn. Requires an instinct to be inclusive and collaborative. Value most leaders who embrace change, especially in themselves #Leadership
The best leaders in the biggest moments are “like a clock in a thunderstorm” (RL Stevenson). Quiet, consistent, steady, reliable. #Leadership
Complex, fast-paced and intensely scrutinized. That’s the environment in which leaders make decisions today. So, in getting things done, their reputation takes on added importance. Because, as it turns out, trust matters. #RadicalInclusion
Big problems require big ideas. As Einstein said “we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.” That means leaders must be willing to learn and to adapt. #Learning
“Today or never, that’s my motto” (Mary Poppins Returns). Sometimes wisdom comes from unexpected sources. In our rapidly changing, complex, highly scrutinized world, leaders need to bear down and get the job done. Problems generally don’t get better with age. #Leadership
“In dreams begins responsibility” (Yeats). Often interpreted as “you can’t lie to yourself.” Leaders have a responsibility to build relationships with integrity so that goals can be aligned across the entire team. No integrity, no trust. No trust, no progress. #Leadership
“In life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit” (Schweitzer). On this first day of 2019, we should commit to being one of those people.
A new year. It’s up to us to determine if it will be a happy one. What if we had the opportunity to make the world a better place? For someone. For everyone. What would we do with the opportunity? I hope we would see it, understand it as a great privilege, and act. #MakeItMatter
“Honesty and transparency make you vulnerable. Be honest and transparent anyway” (Mother Theresa). Great advice for everyone but especially for leaders. #Leadership
“In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst you can do is nothing” (TR). But to decide you have to prepare, to understand, to learn. In the real world, gut doesn’t get it. #Leadership
Democracy is chaotic by nature. The barrage of information makes it more so. That makes respect, fairness, and integrity in our relationships at home and abroad vitally important. Compromise isn’t a dirty word. Neither are inclusiveness, order, and predictability. #Leadership
As a leader, a simple thank you goes further than you think. Good leaders know when to cede the stage to others. #Leadership
A career in government work is hard work. They commit themselves to the service of their fellow citizens. We need quality people in civil service to produce quality services. If we want to recruit them and keep them maybe we should stop holding their pay hostage every few years.
“Poems are made by fools like me, but only God can make a tree” (Joyce Kilmer). A call to humility. Great leaders are humbled by the enormous responsibility of leadership. #Leadership
Christmas 2018. A welcome break from the angry days around it. “You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late” (Ralph Waldo Emerson). Leaders should set the example in this as in all things. Not just on this very special day but every day.
No one logged more miles, spent more time, and took more risk in support of deployed troops at Christmas than Bob Hope. 57 USO tours between 1941 and 1991. His wisdom resonates today: “If you haven’t got any charity in your heart you have the worst kind of heart trouble.”
Saw commentary about the shutdown that disparaged the contributions of Federal workers. That’s just wrong. They do the hard but unseen work of government.90% of them live outside of Washington. They deserve our appreciation. And an apology from both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue.
“There’s only one thing worse than fighting with allies, that is fighting without them” (Churchill). We adjust the number and location of military forces overseas all the time. But we must never cause our allies to doubt our commitments to them. That would be extremely dangerous.
There is an African proverb: “whether the elephants fight or play, the grass suffers.” Unfortunately, seems appropriate today. #Leadership
Syria, Iraq, Jordan, Turkey, Kurds, Israel, Russia, Iran. Lots of implications. Individual actions make sense only if part of an integrated strategy. And only if closely coordinated with those allies who have been marching alongside us. Strategy is a team sport. #Leadership
“You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today” (Abraham Lincoln). You aren’t leading if you’re not taking responsibility. And leaders are doubly responsible: for our todays and our tomorrows. #Leadership
Leaders deal with disagreements and complexity all the time. Whether in business or government about strategy, interests, priorities, and values. Strong leaders accept friction as creative and embrace complexity. Weak leaders are threatened by friction and ignore complexity.
One way to think about leading is helping others to overcome fear. Fear for their well-being, fear of being irrelevant, fear of losing control. Good leaders don’t need to use fear to motivate. They create hope and build trust through honesty. #Leadership
This year’s Oxford Dictionary Word of the Year: Toxic. Two years ago: Post-Truth. We’re better than that. #RadicalInclusion
Gettysburg in winter even more somber than Gettysburg in summer. Where after the battle one truly great leader declared that this nation “shall not perish” and then reinforced it in every decision and in every selfless action he took. #Leadership
“Quiet minds cannot be perplexed or frightened but go on in fortune or misfortune at their own private pace, like a clock during a thunderstorm” (R.L. Stevenson). The best leaders steady us. They lead with quiet confidence. #Leadership
“There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm” (Willa Cather). We can learn a lot about leaders as we watch them navigate changing conditions. The best leaders are calmest in the most difficult situations. #Leadership
The doughboys of WWI used to say “it takes 10,000 casualties to train a general.” It spoke to the great cost if we send troops and their leaders into combat inadequately prepared. We should avoid things that distract from our military’s fundamental purpose—to fight. #Leadership
How to build a team. “Remember upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all” (Alexander the Great). The best leaders build the best teams. That’s no accident. It takes trust, genuine respect, and the acceptance of responsibility. Without those, there is no team. #Leadership
“The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others” (Gandhi). That’s the best way to think about leadership too. #RadicalInclusion
“By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail” (Ben Franklin). A lot of issues converging. Fast and with increasing complexity. Will take a real commitment to be inclusive, listen, learn, and lead. The best leaders are the best thinkers. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
To paraphrase an Irish proverb: if you’re lucky enough to be a leader, you’re lucky enough. What you do with the responsibility—what you give not what you get— is what counts. #MakeItMatter
Honor the leader who when his course is run is described as strong, courageous, and kind.  Who is remembered most for always working for the benefit of others.  RIP President George H. W. Bush. “Thank you for your Service” never sounded so appropriate.
“Tread softly for you tread on my dreams” (Yeats). This is every leader’s challenge. To exert authority to get the job done; to empathize with those doing the work. One without the other is never enough. Effective leaders do both. #RadicalInclusion
True. We should expect leaders to be true. True to those who rely upon them. True to the values that define us. In any line of work, there are always things on which we can compromise to gain advantage. But compromising on values confuses and sows mistrust. #Leadership
Believe. The word of the season. Implies faith more than facts. In leaders, means earning trust as the first priority. In each of us, means learning, an open-mind, and treating each other with respect. In tough times, “I believe in you” is the greatest gift. #RadicalInclusion
Last episode of the season for “This Is Us” today. Then these fictional characters will take a break. But the rest of us will continue to define who we are everyday. As individuals and as a nation. As honest, fair, and respected or not. Reputation matters. #RadicalInclusion
“Human kindness has never weakened the stamina or softened the fiber of a free people” (FDR). We live in a time when leaders must be decisive, inclusive, and uncommonly kind. #RadicalInclusion
The shelf life of the Thanksgiving spirit is often short. Should be longest among leaders with the most responsibility. #Leadership
If you love what you have, you have everything you need (Grandma Bridget). On Thanksgiving, I am most thankful for my family and friends. For the opportunity to serve. For living in a country which can—when it chooses to—show the world what’s best in us.
Thanksgiving thoughts on leading with a moral compass. It’s not only what we accomplish but how. It’s not only about achieving material success but showing compassion. It’s not only about us but also those who need us. It’s not only about winning but being true to our values.
“Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase” (MLK, Jr). Thanksgiving week, I’m thankful for the many men and women I’ve met who believe in the basic goodness of mankind. #RadicalInclusion
“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow” (Einstein). Thanksgiving week, I’m thankful for the many men and women I’ve met who are champions of hope. #RadicalInclusion
“Charity begins at home, but should not end there”(Thomas Fuller). Thanksgiving week, I’m thankful for the many men and women I’ve met who make it a priority in their lives to help others. #RadicalInclusion
“Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us” (Thomas Paine). Thanksgiving week, I’m thankful for the many men and women I’ve met who make character matter. #RadicalInclusion
In Boston to commemorate 100th anniversary of World War I. The lessons of that unimaginably costly conflict: international institutions are necessary to encourage diplomatic solutions; policy makers always overestimate their ability to control events; war is always unpredictable.
Great leaders understand that influence produces better results than authority, that it’s more important to be inquisitive than self-confident, and that humility is a precondition of trust. #Leadership
Good leaders know when to comment, criticize, or compliment publicly and when to do so privately. It’s about motive. Whether it’s about trying to look strong or actually trying to improve performance and teamwork. Shame is never an effective leadership tool. #Leadership
Effective leaders sense as much as see change. In affecting change they build bridges rather than erect barriers. They embrace inclusion as a pragmatic leadership imperative in a fast-paced, complex, information-saturated world. #RadicalInclusion
Power. The mere mention of the word is seductive. Surely, the thinking goes, more is better. But real power is power shared. Real power is power used for the good of the many not the few. Real power is wielded with confidence and humility not hubris. Real power lasts. #Leadership
“Lift Orlando.”  A remarkable community program to break the cycle of generational, concentrated, chronic poverty. An inspiring application of radical inclusion to harvest knowledge, build relationships, and pool resources to make a positive, enduring difference. #MakeItMatter
On this day in 1954, Ellis Island ceased operations. From 1892 to 1954, twelve million brave and determined immigrants entered America there seeking a brighter future. Today, 40% of Americans trace their roots to an Ellis Island Immigrant. The Isle of Hope. #RadicalInclusion
Some sacrificed more than others. To those who support them and their families, we owe a deep debt of gratitude. Especially the Bob Woodruff Foundation #Stand4Heroes and the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors #supportTAPS
They have belonged to the greatest team—and biggest family—on earth. When they hang up the uniform for the last time, they look to find a new team, a new family to which they can dedicate themselves. #Veterans
Memories of military service are mostly of great teammates, wingmen, battle, foxhole, and swim-buddies. Men and women who share one important thing in common: they understand what it means to serve. #Veterans
To them, trust is the most important attribute in a leader. They have walked, ridden, sailed, and flown into danger with trust in each other and in their leaders. We can learn the real meaning and immense power of trust from them. #Veterans
They willingly place themselves at greater risk than most of their fellow citizens in war and peace. Their families serve with them. They return to civilian life with optimism for a future they’ve earned, uncommon resolve, and with a habit of personal responsibility. #Veterans
Among them are heroes, but all are honorable men and women who worked to make a difference. In the past we drafted them from among their fellow citizens; today each one is a volunteer. They were and are dedicated to those who serve with them and to their country. #Veterans
Congratulations to all of our newly elected political leaders at both the national and local level. You will serve us best if you govern inclusively, based on fact not fear, and with compassion for those who need your help the most. #RadicalInclusion
Those elected today take on a leadership role unlike any other. To do what’s right not just for those who elected them but for all their fellow citizens. To ensure America remains a positive force in an ever-shrinking world. To serve. Sincerely and unselfishly. #Leadership
Radical Inclusion: because trust is what’s needed to develop smarter, more collaborative, more affordable solutions to today’s fast-paced, complex, intensely scrutinized, and often ambiguous problems. #Leadership https://t.co/NuRp4xhGHB
“The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear” (Socrates). The best leaders are transparent, consistent, and ambitious not for themselves but for causes greater than themselves. They don’t fabricate their reputation; they earn it. #Leadership
Fifty years ago this week, the Beatles released the song “Helter Skelter.” Since the 16th century a term meaning “disorderly haste and confusion.” History may not repeat itself, but it rhymes. The best leaders provide order, pace, and clarity. They are honest. Always. #Leadership
Our men and women in uniform are better trained, better equipped, and better led so they meet any threat with confidence. A wasteful deployment of over-stretched Soldiers and Marines would be made much worse if they use force disproportional to the threat they face. They won’t.
The art of decision-making. When making big decisions, block out the background noise, take stock in what you know, check your instincts, and then decide. It’s important to remember that just because something is loud and repetitious doesn’t mean it’s right...
...more than any other feedback, in a world of intense scrutiny and super-charged emotion, how we make important choices tells us who we are and what we hold most important. #RadicalInclusion
“Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance” (Francis of Assisi).  The best leaders include charity and wisdom as points on their moral compass. With it they navigate around the dangers of pride, selfishness, hatred, and dishonesty. #Leadership
“When the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.” Whether dealing with security issues at our borders or overseas, building relationships and working with partners is so much more effective than trying to go it alone. #RadicalInclusion
Earlier this year, Ori Brafman and I wrote about digital echoes, influences—good and bad, true and false—that are introduced into social media and bombard us each day. Those using this medium know exactly what impact they seek with their message. Leaders communicate responsibly.
“Better to illuminate than merely to shine” (Aquinas). In faith. In life. In leadership. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
Pittsburg. “May their memory be a blessing.” A tragic end to a week of hate-and-fear-inspired violence. Innocent people murdered for practicing their religion. In America. We can’t possibly be content with what we are leaving those who follow us. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
“The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance but the illusion of knowledge” (Shaw). We all have an obligation to learn in order to be responsible citizens. Leaders, in particular, must learn so that they can fulfill their responsibility as “sense-makers.” #Leadership
Thinking about how it all started for me. There may be some approaching our borders in caravans or as individuals who in desperation will become criminals. Many more whose children and grandchildren will be business, academic, political, and military leaders. Screen but no fear.
There is no legacy so rich as honesty” (Shakespeare). This out-of-context quotation reminds us nevertheless to be mindful of how we will be remembered as leaders. For those who really care about those entrusted to them, Honest should certainly be on the list. #Leadership
Watch, listen, and learn. Complex problems demand inclusive solutions. Jealousy protecting power by trying to exert more control is the surest way to lose it. Those with the loudest voice in this time of information overload bear the greatest responsibility. #Leadership
“If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything” (Mark Twain). The truth is there’s something spiritual about the profound responsibility of being a leader. And that responsibility can only be fulfilled in an environment of honesty and trust. #Leadership
....It will take determined, positive, inclusive leadership to restore our confidence. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
“In the ocean of baseless, the deeper we get, the easier the sinking” (James Russell Lowell). We’re swimming in dangerous, uncharted political waters, and we’re sinking. Unimaginable and unacceptable given all the benefits this nation enjoys....
“The price of greatness is responsibility.” (Winston Churchill, 1943). When our values are at stake—whether at corporate or national level—leaders respond. Regardless of cost. Failure to do so erodes credibility and moral authority, the soul of an organization. #Leadership
If you believe only what you like in the search for knowledge and reject what you don’t like, it’s not knowledge you seek but affirmation of yourself. Effective leaders are open-minded to the possibility that someone knows something they should know. #Leadership
Lived in Saudi Arabia for two years. 2001-2003. A real education. Respect FM Abdel al Jubeir. But absolutely no way that MbS was unaware of Khashoggi murder. For us, clear case of weighing long-term values against near-term economic interests. Values must prevail. #Leadership
The things that we love tell us what we are” (Thomas Aquinas). The truth. Denouncing hatred.  Promoting equality. Building trust. Contributing to the greater good. Easing suffering. Would be a pretty good start for any leader. #RadicalInclusion
Visited “The Wall That Heals,” a traveling replica of the Vietnam Memorial, today in Wake Forest. Very moving. Reflections in granite of heroism at a time of divisiveness and broken faith with those who were called to serve. Bless those we lost and their families. #MakeItMatter
The most effective leaders take greatest pleasure is in the accomplishments of their protégés. They are much more “we” than “I.” They are inclusive. They are men and women of substance. We take on life’s challenges with confidence in their example. #Leadership
“Rivals know that competition’s main purpose is to raise the level of the game. Rivals need each other. They keep each other honest” (Brian Christian). Without rivals, we become complacent. Leaders who “get it” worry more about the absence than the presence of rivals. #Leadership
There are many measures of a leader. Besides their own personal conduct, they can be measured by the friends they keep. Truthfulness, credibility, and trustworthiness are collective as well as individual attributes, habits as well as isolated reactions. #Leadership
Winning is not the only thing in leadership. Ethics matter. Otherwise there is no loyalty, no compassion, no moral compass. Responsible leaders know it’s not just what we accomplish but how. #Leadership
Almost without exception, successful leaders don’t demonize their opponents. To do so would suggest they add no value in helping solve today’s complex problems. Inconceivable. And they don’t use fear to motivate. They illuminate similarities and they make connections. #Leadership
Congrats to Coaches Steve Kerr, Nate McMillan, and Jay Wright who join head coach Gregg Popovich to lead our Men’s National Basketball team through the next Olympics. This group knows that it’s not only what we accomplish but how that makes us champions. #USABasketball
An evening at The Museum of Natural History, New York City. Magical creatures of every size and shape from across time. In this breathtaking setting a call to nature’s most magical creatures of all—us—to safeguard our planet. This place wasn’t on my bucket list; should have been.
“Spirit” as a leadership attribute. Seek the leader with indomitable spirit, the leader who will not accept defeat, but who is wise enough to know that victory is not as simple as adding up wins and losses. To last, victory must be inclusive. #RaadicalInclusion
It takes perseverance, stamina , and will to resolve complex issues. True whether at home (sexual assault, health care, gun violence) or abroad (terrorism, rogue nations, WMD). One important attribute of leaders is their will, measured by their attention span. #MakeItMatter
Trust is an inherently unequal dialogue in which the powerful and the most influential have the greatest responsibility. #Leadership
“Learning never exhausts the mind” (DaVinci). Leaders must learn because the best decisions are the outcome of a competition of ideas. Not from fear or intimidation. Not from repetition and volume. But from knowledge, clarity, and persuasion. That’s a fact. #RadicalInclusion
Responsible leaders don’t dwell on disagreement. That’s just part of life. Rather they dwell on giving everyone in their care a sense of belonging and, with it, hope for the future. This is both the responsibility and privilege of leadership. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
“Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame” (Ben Franklin). Responsible leaders temper emotions not stoke them. They resolve problems not create them. They can be combative for affect but avoid creating lingering animosities. Ultimately a leader has to be persuasive not petulant.
Radical Inclusion is a leadership instinct. It’s clearer, fiercer leadership. Leadership that promotes belonging, participation, values, character and trust. Leadership based on integrity, dignity and respect. Leadership that inspires and brings out our best. #RadicalInclusion
Baseball legend Yogi Berra once said: “I never said most of the things I said.” Maybe not. But today we’d know. Today leaders understand it’s important to get it right the first time. The best are more articulate, more consistent, and as a result more trustworthy. #Leadership
USA Women’s Basketball. 2018 World Champions. Evidence that competitive, tenacious, respectful, and humble can work together. Superb athletes. Wonderful ambassadors for our country. Terrific role models. Congratulations Coach Dawn Staley. Proud of you all! #GoUSAB
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it” (Mark Twain). As a nation, we are at our best—and strongest—when we are inclusive both at home and abroad. #RadicalInclusion
Women’s World Basketball Championship in Tenerife, Spain. One of the game’s greats, Sue Bird, on playing as a team: “We have to help each other. We can’t leave anybody on an island out there.” True in sports. Even more true in everyday life. #Leadership #GoUSAB
There are mechanics of leading and there is “art.” The art of leading is balancing the needs of individuals with the needs of organizations. At the National Level it’s balancing our interests with very real global challenges. Our oceans aren’t moats, so global stability matters.
International organizations (UN, NATO) can seem a burden. So can life insurance. They’re often inconvenient, but they are a bulwark against uncertainty, risk, and crisis. They build  relationships and trust before you need them. Bridges or barriers? Our choice. #RadicalInclusion
Power isn’t control. Not in business; not in foreign policy. The responsible exercise of power is more about influence than authority, empathy than enmity, collaboration than control. Excesses of control may seem a sign of strength but can’t last. #RadicalInclusion
Today, near Paris , a commemoration of the Meuse-Argonne offensive, America’s costliest battle of WWI. But the “War to End All Wars” didn’t. Imperialism, Nationalism, and Militarism would rise again. And again. Leaders must know their history; avoid it’s mistakes. #Leadership
Art is never finished, only abandoned (DaVinci). Same with leadership. #RadicalInclusion
Radical Inclusion: because trust grows proportional to participation and diminishes proportional to parochialism. #Leadership
In the recent movie, “A Quiet Place” the human race is endangered because alien invaders can hear us. In real life, we are endangered because despite technology—or perhaps because of it—we can’t or won’t hear each other. Leaders listen. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
Thanks, first-second-third responders. All who put themselves at risk for their fellow citizens. In times of crisis we see ourselves clearest. #CarolinaStrong #AmericaStrong
On this day in 1814, Francis Scott Key writes “The Defense of Fort McHenry.” This poem later to become our National Anthem. 90 seconds in duration. 90 seconds for us to think about what unites us and whether we’re living up to the promise that is America. #LearnToImagine
Bad news, bad habits, bad policy, bad problems don’t get better with age.  Responsible leaders force us to confront the uncomfortable and the inconvenient. And then they help us resolve our differences. #BiasForAction #RadicalInclusion
History warns us what happens when we underestimate our adversaries, whether hostile nations or killer storms. Also cautions us not to overestimate our own preparations. Better to respect our adversaries, be humble about the unknown, and be ready to be surprised. #Leadership
9/11. Some among us remember every day. God bless the families of those who perished seventeen years ago, those who responded some of whom still suffer consequences to their health, and those who continue to volunteer to serve in our armed forces to protect us.
We might forgive a lot in a leader when things are going well for us individually. But leadership is never just about success. Failures of character and a lack of concern about values eventually tear the fabric that holds organizations together. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
Among the many reasons to be inclusive is this: who can be so sure they have all the answers? #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
Old bumper sticker with new meaning in our digital age: “Don’t believe everything you think.” We look to our leaders to be sense-makers. Their integrity, credibility, and fairness matters. #RadicalInclusion
“An investment in knowledge pays the best interest” (Ben Franklin). Good advice for leaders at every level. When in doubt, take the time to learn. If never in doubt, take the time to learn why you should be. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
America Great: individual freedom, equal protection under the law, transparency supported by a free press, confidence in our elections, champion of human rights, a reliable ally to our friends. These must be respected if we are to respect ourselves. #Leadership #MakeItMatter
#IfTheWorldWereListening. Justice should be blind; loyalty should not. Leaders at every level should know and respect the difference. #Leadership
We learn most when we work hardest. “The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand” (Vince Lombardi). Celebrate the lessons of hard work. #LaborDay
Leaders create impressions. None more important than the first. “When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time” (Maya Angelou). #Leadership #GiveThemMemories
NBA great, community leader, educator David Robinson: “Your peers will respect you for your integrity and character, not your possessions.” Wise counsel for all who lead. #MakeCharacterMatter
Responsible leaders don’t fabricate fear to motivate their followers. There’s usually enough to be concerned about. Rather they are realistic and concentrate on building trust so that the team is confident, inclusive, and resilient when it’s really needed. #Leadership
We give our leaders the benefit of the doubt when we trust their motivations. That trust must be earned over time, reinforced by behavior, and be returned in kind. #RadicalInclusion
Senator McCain was particularly passionate about America’s roles and responsibilities in the world. An astute student of history, he knew that “domestic policy can only defeat us; foreign policy can kill us” (JFK). American foreign policy has lost its greatest champion.
RIP Senator John McCain. Few have sacrificed their own well being on behalf of their country as you have. #Leadership
It’s not possible for leaders to disguise their loyalties. More than any other quality it is evident in their actions. The best leaders share credit, accept blame, and think of those for whom they are responsible first. Leadership is above all a selfless venture. #Leadership
Early 1900s were a time of overconfidence. Author Erik Larson writing of the sinking of the Lusitania said this: “I’ve been asked what message is there in the Lusitania for the modern day. Not much. Except that hubris and overconfidence are always dangerous things.” #Leadership
Leaders should be confident but not over confident. FDR explained it this way: “Confidence thrives on honesty, on honor, on the sacredness of obligations, on faithful protection and unselfish performance. Without them it cannot live.” Without them it isn’t justified. #Leadership
Today in 1305, Scotsman William Wallace was executed. In an era of rival monarchies and frequent revolts, he envisioned “a world renewed through radical concern.” In our era of digital echoes and fragile facts, Ori Brafman and I write of leadership renewed by radical inclusion.
There are no easy answers to hard problems. So the best leaders work the hardest. They out-think, out-hustle, and out-last their competitors. They are great finishers. They are builders not destroyers. They bring hope not fear. #Leadership
In traveling around the world on behalf of our country over the past fifteen years, I’ve seen that in the absence of facts and truth there is no accountability; that without accountability there is only power; and that power corrupts. Truth is always worth the search. #Leadership
What are we if we’re not honest, thoughtful, and trustworthy? Who are we if we’re not considerate, sincere, and humble. We may be in charge, but we’re not leaders. Leaders inspire those around them to be better than they think they can be. #MakeItMatter
Life is a competition of ideas. A competition made especially intense, and much more difficult, by the speed, accessibility, and questionable reliability of information. Our best leaders will be those who learn most intensely. #ListenAmplifyInclude
Another school year begins and with it the promise of discovery, of new friends and better relationships, of becoming better educated so that we better understand each other and the world around us. We count on each other to open our minds and continue to learn. #GiveThemMemories
This week in Belgrade, Serbia, with NBA Basketball Without Borders, Europe. Leveraging the universal language of sports to promote teamwork, discipline, respect, health, and community service. #NBAcares
Wasn’t polled. But I found the mainstream media both tough and professional. No matter who was in power. Roughed me up on occasion, but helped me explain things too. Institutions and senior leaders should be accountable, and the media has an important role in that process.
A row boat moves in the intended direction only if those rowing pull in harmony. Otherwise it drifts. Same in organizations. Leaders set the direction, determine the cadence, and nurture the trust necessary for the team to work in harmony. Otherwise they drift. #Leadership
Appropriate that this year’s comprehensive and bi-partisan National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) was named in honor of a man who dedicated his life to our national security: John McCain. Well deserved, sir. #Leadership
Like the white lines on a highway, leaders identify the limits within which we are expected to operate. Sometimes broadly; sometimes narrowly. Setting limits takes knowledge, often courage, always respect. #Leadership
Believed then and believe now that we are too easily distracted from what really matters about leadership. Thanks! https://t.co/56JaTHWxCZ
Old word with new relevance: insouciance. Casual indifference. As in, no matter how busy, good leaders should never be insouciant to the needs of others. The best leaders are surprisingly caring and empathetic. #MoralCompss #MakeItMatter
We should never have to compete for Liberty. “Rightful liberty is unobstructed action according to our will within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others” (Jefferson). Responsible leaders reinforce our values of equality, dignity, and respect. #Leadership
71 years ago today, the Department of Defense was established after extensive study with a clear mission codified in legislation. Yesterday, the Space Force was raffled off. However, the Congress is responsible for “raising and sustaining” the military. They must sort this out.
Baseball legend and master of malapropism Yogi Berra actually had it about right when he lamented: “It was impossible to get a conversation going; everybody was talking too much.” Effective leaders know there are times to be silent and to listen. #ListenAmplifyInclude
Summer movie night quotes: “Whenever we reach for hate, always, we remember the Titans.” Great message then and now. #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. The reality of nuclear weapons is that they seem unreal. That’s dangerous. Everyday, but especially today, those responsible should ask “what are we doing to avoid a nuclear confrontation?” There is no greater national leadership responsibility.
#IfTheWorldWereListening. Admire most leaders who would rather have their name on a school than anywhere else. #Leadership
#IfTheWorldWereListening. Changing anything—even a light bulb—requires a plan and a certain amount of work to complete the task. Changing world order—with security and prosperity at stake—requires a strategy and intense, persistent effort. Or we’ll be left in the dark.
Talent gets you to the head of the table; character keeps you there. Good leadership will always be about building trust not destroying it. Clarifying not confusing. Encouraging courage not fear. Being inclusive not exclusive. About championing truth. #RadicalInclusion
We call the toughest days “character-building days.” Those times when we are tested: can be physical or emotional; intellectual or ethical; public or private. Our choices in these moments tell us all we need to know about ourselves. If we listen. #MakeCharacterMatter
“In God We Trust” became our national motto 62 years ago today. That simple acknowledgement of something greater than ourselves guides us in the decisions we make as a nation. It calls us to lead with dignity, respect, fairness, and empathy. #MakeItMatter
Leaders help us define, articulate, promote, and protect our principles. They remind us that “a people that values it privileges above its principles soon loses both” (Eisenhower). #Leadership #GiveThemMemories
The more difficult the task, the greater the need for collaboration and inclusion. The best leaders appeal to both intellect and emotion to gain trust and build teams. They do this routinely so that the team is ready in times of greatest need.  #RadicalInclusion
There are relatively few nations who share our values and who will risk their own prosperity and well-being on our behalf. These are our friends and allies. They are a priority not an option. #RadicalInclusion
Stencil on the kitchen wall of a childhood friend: “kissin’ don’t last; cookin’ do.” In matters of national security: “braggin’ don’t last; defendin’ do.” Takes consistency, stamina, and partners. #RadicalInclusion
Not to worry. We serve the ideals and freedoms embodied in the Constitution before, during, and after our time in uniform. We respect our battle buddies. Speeches come and go; service lasts. #RadicalInclusion
Proud lifetime VFW member. Proud of what they’ve done. That they continue to give back to their fellow Americans. That they recognize the contributions of ALL Americans. They “make it matter.”
#Leadership. Disrupt, dismantle, or change the organization as you think necessary, but remember that “ethics, and equity, and the principles of justice do not change with the calendar” (D.H. Lawrence).
“Never mistake motion for action” (Hemingway). Effective leaders provide the discipline and perseverance necessary for the organization to finish what it starts. #BiasForAction
“If you find yourself in a hole, stop digging” (Will Rogers). Effective leaders are confident enough to learn from their mistakes and smart enough to make changes when necessary. Foolish to do otherwise. #ListenLearnAmplify
“Don’t ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up” (Robert Frost). All good decisions made by leaders start with an inclusive, extensive search for knowledge. Foolish to do otherwise. #RadicalInclusion
Two profound moments at the 2018 ESPYs. Families of the 3 heroic MSD coaches and 140 Nassar survivors. To paraphrase Aly Raisman’s powerful challenge: Will those who can and should have the integrity to protect our youth in school and in sports? #MakeItMatter
Those who crave power should remember that it is temporary. 200 years ago, poet Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote “Ozymandias” with a message to the powerful. This year, @oribrafman and I write that the only way to responsibly use and preserve power is to share it. #RadicalInclusion
Tweets		#IfTheWorldWereListening. How to address even the world’s worst problems. Learn. Figure out who shares your values.  Work with them. Think long-term and don’t compromise on your values. Appreciate your friends and allies. Share power or lose it. #RadicalInclusion
The reasons dictators try to undermine democracy: to deceive their own populations, to discredit alliances, to create the illusion that they are protectors. The world should not be a competition in which only the strong matter. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/IIR2EJbmG3
Preparation as a leadership attribute. “Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe” (Lincoln). #LearnToImagine
Democracy forms alliances to influence competitors. Dictatorship picks off competitors one at a time. Democracy is based on common interest; dictatorship on self interest. Democracy is based on rule of law; dictatorship on coercion. Real differences that cannot be ignored.
Courage as a leadership attribute. “Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen” (Winston Churchill). #ListenAmplifyInclude
Disruptive as a leadership attribute. Can be productive and even innovative but only relative to a leader’s ability to communicate an alternative vision. Disrupting existing order without an idea about what will replace it is unwise. #LearnToImagine
Tact as a leadership attribute.  Because “do unto others...” is still golden. Because common courtesy should be common. Because making yourself look smarter or better at another’s expense is unlikely to encourage them to be part of your team. #RadicalInclusion
What an aide-de-camp taught me about finding the right path and staying on it. #leadership https://t.co/gtotR8lEo0
#IfTheWorldWereListening “Don’t find fault, find a remedy” (Henry Ford). Effective leaders understand that regardless of what came before them, they now own the problems and so they get about the task of solving them. #Leadership
History humbles thoughtful leaders. It suggests that lasting legacies are not measured in objects but in relationships. It cautions that self-aggrandizing only makes for a steeper fall from relevance. History doesn’t repeat but it rhymes. #Leadership #MakeItMatter
Loyalty is an important leadership attribute but it comes with limits. To be effective it must work both ways. To be ethical it must not be blind. It is the by-product of performance and behavior. It is accumulated over time but can be quickly lost. #Leadership
My British and French counterparts and I wrote this several months ago. Even more relevant now on the eve of the NATO Summit. We have every reason to work more closely with our allies.  Here are what we think are the three most important. https://t.co/6B9jZ4upAt
Celebrate us today. This land of plentiful resources, independent thought, individual expression, justice, and opportunity. We received these as gifts from those who preceded us. It is our duty to protect and improve upon them for those who follow us. Liberty doesn’t sit still.
In 2008 I landed on the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln in the Indian Ocean. Below her bridge in 6 foot letters “Shall Not Perish” from the Gettysburg Address. Breathtaking reminder. Preserving liberty takes vigilance. Takes work. Takes sacrifice. Among like-minded nations.
A lot of sacrifice and compromise by many over the past 242 years so that we have a nation to celebrate—together—on the 4th of July.  And a legacy of leaders from all walks of life who understood that it is a shared responsibility to keep it together. #RadicalInclusion
Probably the smartest of our Founding Fathers, Thomas Jefferson, was aware of his own limitations: “He who knows best, knows how little he knows.” The best leaders are confident but keep learning, decisive but keep an open mind. #ListenLearnAmplify #RadicalInclusion
Back in the day, the first rule of wing walking was “never let go with both hands at the same time.” Today, the one thing we should never let go is our overseas military presence. With it we deter enemies, assure allies, develop relationships, build trust. For when we’ll need it.
George Washington on the fate of democracy: “The preservation of the fire of liberty and the destiny of the republican model of government are justly considered as deeply, perhaps as finally staked, on the experiment entrusted to the American people.” Our sacred responsibility.
Effective leaders focus us on what we can be and encourage us not to settle for what we are. The best persuade us by their example. #LearnToImagine
Custer State Park thinking about creativity as a leadership attribute. Of all creatures, only we can move beyond instinctive to be creative. This is a great gift but also a great responsibility. Leaders ask: Is my creation meaningful? For just myself or for others? #MakeItMatter
I always learn something important from Ori’s books. This one was my introduction to him. Its pages are on my bookshelf, highly-prized, well-worn. https://t.co/IpOS7t3ygT
At Mount Rushmore. Teddy Roosevelt: “We, in America, hold in our hands the hopes of the world, the fate of the coming years; shame and disgrace will be ours if in our eyes the light of high resolve is dimmed, if we trail in the dust the golden hopes of men.” True then. True now. https://t.co/BPCJMNG57K
Leadership is not a race to be won or lost. It’s a journey where one important measure of success is how many cross the finish line with you. #RadicalInclusion
Harry Truman: “America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination, and an unbeatable determination.” The best leaders are positive, see possibilities others miss, encourage, and inspire. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
Yoda was wrong. Trying is an indicator of character. Often the best leaders have experienced—and learned—from failure. Leaders keep trying. For their benefit and for the benefit of those who count on them. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
The NBA Draft Class of 2018.  An impressive group. They are excited to join the league and excited to make a difference in their communities and across the country. #NBACares #MakeItMatter https://t.co/ipOU77u5lm
Leading with a moral compass. Choosing to be both a successful leader and a good person. #RadicalInclusion
Leading with a moral compass. Always remember that it’s not only what we accomplish but how that matters. Understand that no problem is so important that we should stray from our values to solve it. Never forget that trust must be earned and then earned again. #RadicalInclusion
Leading with a moral compass. If it doesn’t feel right, don’t do it. If you can’t convince yourself, you won’t convince others. If it’s going to hurt someone who doesn’t deserve to be hurt, try something else. If you’re not certain, seek the advice of others. #RadicalInclusion
Tolerance. A leadership attribute. The instinct to lead with an open mind and with heart. The recognition that with power comes responsibility beyond just self-interest. A lack of tolerance is a shortage of heart and an excess of self-interest. #RadicalInclusion
Spontaneity. A positive attribute in personal relationships. Not so positive in leaders. The best leaders clarify, calm, control tempo, listen, learn, and adapt. They champion the values that define the organization. They lead, with consistency. #RadicalInclusion
Congrats on USA Men’s U18 Basketball victory at FIBA America’s Championship against a tough and talented  Canadian Team. Coach Bill Self and his team played with skill and respect for our northern neighbors. U18s great ambassadors of the game and of our country. #USABasketball
Reflecting yesterday about my father. Taught me discipline, respect, and values. He was my protector. Those were my first leadership lessons. Discipline, Respect, Values, Protect. Clearly even more important today. #RadicalInclusion
Yeats: “Empty souls tend towards extreme opinions.” Rather empathy, an open-mind, a habit of listening, a commitment to learning, and an understanding of the power of inclusion. #RadicalInclusion
Many countries in history have had the ability to make the world a more dangerous and shameful place. Only a very few have had the ability to make it a safer and better place. Big responsibility that can be either accepted or rejected. Our greatness is in accepting. #Leadership
Perspective. An important leadership attribute. Necessary to keep us grounded and aware of the contributions of others. We are beyond fortunate that in this country everyone has the opportunity to make a difference and will if allowed to do so. #RadicalInclusion
Today we honor our flag and celebrate the Army birthday. No greater measure of dedication than this: for 243 years, when we were needed, we were there. #FlagDay #ArmyStrong
Yeats: “Think where man’s glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends.” Among many possible measures of success for a leader, the ability to form a cohesive, collaborative, and respectful team is especially important. #RadicalInclusion
Yeats: “In dreams begins responsibility.” Great leaders are relentless finishers. #RadicalInclusion
Today is William Butler Yeats birthday (June 13, 1865). “Talent perceives differences; genius unity.” Leaders unify. #RadicalInclusion
When in doubt take stock of what you can control in your life. Follow Lincoln’s advice: “Whatever you are, be a good one.” Each of us has it in us to lead by example. #MakeItMatter
A question for our times. Should dictatorship and democracy live in harmony? Dictatorships provide stability and benefits but only to a few. Democracy struggles to define stability and benefits because it gives voice to the many....
...The powerful will always seek greater control. So the system of governance must temper their appetite. For the good of mankind, Dictatorship and Democracy must remain in tension.  Work to denuclearize? Of course. Validate a dictatorship? Of course not.
Judge events in Korea by whether denuclearization is truly verifiable, US military in Korea can train effectively, ROK and Japanese allies draw closer or further apart, China and Russia support or undermine the process, and—most important—whether we promote or ignore our values.
Wanting absolute control is unwise. Issues are too complex, mutate too rapidly, are too connected, and scrutinized too intensely to be mastered by any one individual or any one organization. Better Inclusion to learn, share, and solve issues so they stay solved. #RadicalInclusion
Caring leaders work hard to create a sense of belonging among those counting on them for leadership. #GiveThemMemories https://t.co/P0Bj7Z5oTk
Maya Angelou: “I’ve learned that you shouldn’t go through life with a catcher’s mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back.” Worth thinking about as we raise families, build teams, and lead organizations. #RadicalInclusion
Hemingway: “There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self.”  To effectively lead, we must persistently learn. Including about ourselves. #RadicalInclusion
Spinning plates. Russia said they are ready for WWIII (including nukes). China is said to be hiding missiles in the SCS. We’re approaching two decades of conflict in the ME. NK and Iran unclear. And we may have just started a trade war (with our allies). Will require agility.
The best leaders learn to understand connections, the way things fit together. Like plate spinners, they keep things balanced and in motion. Like conductors, they control tempo and keep things in harmony. Requires a soft touch, persistent learning, and trust. #RadicalInclusion
D-Day. When ordinary Americans performed extraordinary acts of courage. For each other. A time of unity. A time we should always remember. #RadicalInclusion
Honor. A often forgotten leadership attribute. As in “a man or woman of honor.” Meaning trustworthy, fair, decent, and reliable. On this 44th anniversary of our West Point Graduation, I thank my classmates for serving with honor both in and out of uniform. #PrideoftheCorps74
Effective leaders clarify not confuse and assure not agitate. They are sense-makers and team builders. #RadicalInclusion
Alliances. Formed of necessity, over time, by forward-thinking leaders, to enhance our power. Most important when times are complex, unpredictable, and dangerous. Like now. This week we remember D-Day, a day of great courage and sacrifice. By us and our allies. #RadicalInclusion
In Baltimore recently, home of orator and statesman Frederick Douglass who wisely said: “It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men.” Thoughtful leaders ask “what example am I setting for our children.” #RadicalInclusion
Eisenhower: “This world of ours...must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be, instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect.” Effective leaders ask “what have I done to create a climate of respect today?” #RadicalInclusion
To get things done right, influence is more important than authority. So the best use of a leader’s time is in developing trust not exerting control.  Smart leaders, those with a strategic, long-term vision, ask themselves “am I building or eroding trust today?” #RadicalInclusion
Good leaders manage issues while making sure the people who provide the advice, make the recommendations, and implement the solutions feel supported and empowered. The best leaders earn that distinction by caring for their people. #RadicalInclusion
“I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday.” On this day in history, 1922, the Lincoln Memorial was dedicated. Learning isn’t optional for effective leaders. #RadicalInclusion
Walking Arlington Cemetery yesterday among our Fallen who are now united in death. Men and women of all religions, races, and ethnicities side-by-side regardless of status or rank. This is us. We, the living, can honor their sacrifice by respecting each other. #RadicalInclusion
This day, of all days of the year, should not be about any one of us. No matter how prestigious or powerful, no matter how successful we perceive ourselves to be. Rather, this day should be about those who gave their lives so that we could live ours in freedom. #MemorialDay
Today, tomorrow, and everyday thereafter, mostly in small ways, but sometimes in big ways, make it matter. #MemorialDay
“Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes it’s the quiet voice at the end of the day saying—I will try again tomorrow.” God Bless the survivors of our fallen servicemen and women this Memorial Day and every day. #MakeItMatter
RT @Martin_Dempsey: Good luck Class of ‘18, especially (but not only) those graduating from our military academies. Hear and answer the cal…
Thanks US Army Downrange for giving of your Memorial Day Weekend for the TAPS survivors. So proud of you. You make it matter. https://t.co/V6poHOYGp5
No summit. The debate about whether cancellation is good or bad is unimportant. What’s important is how we use the next few month to reset expectations. And, how we reassure and build a sustainable strategy inside our own government and with our allies. #RadicalInclusion
Good luck Class of ‘18, especially (but not only) those graduating from our military academies. Hear and answer the call for personal integrity and character. Resolve to be positive, inclusive leaders. Remember it’s not only what you accomplish but how that matters. #Leadership
“Happiness is not found in self-contemplation; it is perceived only when reflected from another.” True of families. True of companies. True of the largest organizations. Best leaders know that servant-leadership brings the greatest happiness. #RadicalInclusion
“If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more, and become more, you are a leader” (John Q Adams). #RadicalInclusion
Inclusion. A word to describe the powerful message Meghan and Harry sent to the world yesterday. Not that they need affirmation from me, but this Honorary Knight of the British Empire is proud of them. #RadicalInclusion
Leaders owe us integrity. They owe us a commitment to life-long learning. Because “integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful” (Samuel Johnson). #RadicalInclusion
Congratulations Meghan and Harry. In December 2014, Meghan Markle was one six celebrities who gave up their holidays to join us on a USO tour. She is genuinely and uncommonly kind, humble, and compassionate. May she and Harry continue to “make it matter” together.
Watching Jeopardy “Salute to Teachers Week” reminds me again to thank the Teachers in my life. No more noble and important profession. They “make it matter” everyday. #RadicalInclusion
Laurel or Yanny.  Entertaining. But, these days, it’s not what you hear or even what you see. It’s who you trust. Leaders have to earn our trust. Every day. #RadicalInclusion
Character matters. Always. In everything. Period. #MakeCharacterMatter
Drive along any interstate and take note of our new national tree: the cell phone tower. It is neutral to what it collects and redirects. It connects but also helps divide us. Worth thinking about its affect on the way we lead. #RadicalInclusion
Inclusion. Because trust is the answer. #RadicalInclusion
With digital echoes heightening our sense of loneliness, leaders must nurture a sense of belonging, make everyone feel like they matter, provide vision, and inspire confidence. Inclusion is the path to belonging and to loyalty. #RadicalInclusion
Toward the end of his life, Author Tom Wolfe said: “The whole conviction of my life now rests on the belief that loneliness, far from being a rare and curious phenomenon, is the central and inevitable fact of human existence.” Our greatest leadership challenge. #GiveThemMemories
Diversity of thinking is a great gift in the deliberations leading to an important decision. The best leaders ask “when is the last time I allowed someone to change my mind?” #RadicalInclusion
The world would be a better place if we all had even a fraction of a mother’s energy, patience, wisdom, trust, and unconditional love. If today you’re looking for someone to admire and emulate as a leader, think first about your mother. #HappyMothersDay
Sincere thanks to military spouses today for YOUR service to our nation. You are our strength and inspiration. You are the glue that holds our families together during long and frequent separations. Our heroes. #MilitarySpouseAppreciationDay
Great leaders are optimistic by nature, wary about what they don’t know, humble in success, eager to learn from failure, complimentary of their team, and reliable partners in good times and bad. #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership. It’s a leader’s responsibility to help us assign appropriate importance and urgency to our tasks. Because digital echoes replace each other at the speed of memes, leaders must keep the focus on what’s most important. Otherwise we drift. #RadicalInclusion
In our book, Ori and I described an environment where leaders MUST listen, learn, and collaborate to find enduring solutions to complex problems. We argued that carefully sharing power grows it; jealously guarding power diminishes it. The stakes are high. #RadicalInclusion
We walked away from allies and withdrew from the Iran Nuclear Agreement. Yet strategically we should share complex problems. Fewer partners means fewer options. We are now alone on a more dangerous path with fewer options. We’ll see. #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. Character is the glue that makes relationships, contracts, plans, programs, and agreements possible. Unfortunate is the team, partnership, or alliance whose leaders have too much pride and too little character. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders learn to Listen, Amplify, and Include (in that order). #ListenAmplifyInclude #Radicalinclusion
#GenInc: Amplifying the next generation of leaders. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/HfX24wkzCm
#Leadership: built on a foundation of optimism, an open mind, and trust. #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion
Bayonne, New Jersey. May 1961. Gregory Epps, superb young black runner, stops black teammates from bullying the even younger white runner on the team. I hope I’ve earned that act of courage and kindness. I know I learned from it. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders allow their minds to be changed. #CocreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion
Best leaders know that some issues are helped by exposure to public scrutiny and some are hurt. They carefully build narratives to influence issues in and outside the organization. They know the story shouldn’t be about them. Personality can affect but only precision can prevail.
Great leaders develop a bias for action. #ABiasForAction #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders leave "white space" on their calendars and require others do the same. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
Because truth is the foundation of every important relationship, it should be treasured not trivialized. West Point’s Cadet Prayer challenges future officers to “never be content with a half truth when the whole can be won.” Profound words. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: Achieving better results by creating an inclusive environment. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/tfezyi4bE7
#LLeadership: doing the right thing when nobody's watching. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders do not need to convince others of their greatness; the quality of their leadership is self-evident. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: Listen to learn, amplify to establish expectations, and include to empower. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/f54Xp71jYI
Today the West Point Class of 2020 visited the WP Cemetery where the loved ones of the fallen from current and past wars waited to tell them the story of their Soldier. An inspiring scene as our future leaders learned about the sacrifices of their predecessors. #MakeItMatter
Rashon Nelson and Donte Robinson, men of character. Thinking not of themselves but of the greater good for their community. https://t.co/WTQUiRAazm		#MakeCharacterMatter #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/nGRZlDsHfe
Leaders should listen because ultimately they must decide, and listening yields the knowledge they’ll need. They should be persuaded by the best advice. Relationships, proximity, and timing matter, but good leaders learn to recognize and take good advice. #ListenAmplifyInclude
Our first lessons in leadership often come from our families. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/BvkPm595Lc
They call us the odd couple… @oribrafman and me on CBS This Morning talking about our new book, Radical Inclusion". #RadicalInclusion""hey call us the odd couple… @oribrafm" https://t.co/fZShyJ3NYi
Those who aspire to lead should take note that more than 40% of people in the greatest country on the planet report that they are lonely, don’t feel like they belong. Can’t be. We can do better. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: giving those who follow you the freedom to succeed. #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion
Character matters in a leader. It is that attribute which makes his or her impact endure beyond their brief opportunity to lead.  When present, it inspires confidence. When absent, it creates uncertainty. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
"Great leaders seek balance and progress; lack of it eventually finds imbalance and frustration" - Eisenhower. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders have and are always alert to where their moral compass is pointing. #ABiasForAction #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders clarify not confuse. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: Building systems within the organization to help you listen, amplify, and include. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/mlWIdgYpGo
#Leadership: choosing to get the job done AND be a good person. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
It’s not too much to ask that people with deep beliefs who disagree preserve a level of decency in their interactions. Ori and I assert that “listen” is among the most important attributes of leadership. Where there is no decency, there is no listening. #RadicalInclusion
Leadership: a warrior's heart, an immigrant's spirit, and a servant's soul. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
#RadicalInclusion - Trust is the Answer https://t.co/D9dCyFp0mD
Real power is measured not in degree of control but rather in the ability to find optimum, affordable, enduring solutions to complex problems. #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/0YyUZSJlHv
#Leadership: Helping balance personal ambition and what's best for the team. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
The first step—literally—toward peace on the Korean Peninsula. Next steps will be harder and more important, but if leaders on each side of the negotiating table can just “imagine” that peace may actually be within reach, they will make the best kind of history. #RadicalInclusion
Leadership is more about influence than it is about control. #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/3f4Rzz1YEJ
Great leaders eat last, sleep least, and listen longest. #CocreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion
A leadership principle. Consider how we think about “problems.” There’s the problem. There’s the problem we think we have. There’s the problem we can solve. To avoid decision paralysis, leaders guide our efforts toward the problem we can solve. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
Congratulations to my fellow College Basketball Commissioners. A healthy debate will continue about other challenges and other paths, but confronting complex problems requires leaders to be inclusive and have a bias for action. Act, decisively, together. So something gets done.
Great leaders "control the clock" and distinguish the urgent from the important. #ABiasForAction #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: Deep commitment to expertise, genuine humility, and moral courage. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
Clear: coherent, rational, believable, witting of existing processes, consistent with desired  values. A clear path will actually take an organization and its members where they want to go in a way that will make them proud when they get there. #ListenAmplifyInclude
#ListenAmplifyInclude to stay on a clear path. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/Jkz3eSpblo
Legendary basketball coach John Wooden’s advice to his championship athletes: “Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.” Worth thinking about, and not just for athletes. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders simply make those around them better. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
In an interview with @NPR's @ailsachang I give my thoughts on a potential path forward for the U.S. presence in Syria. https://t.co/8UmdR6wZNb https://t.co/BfKSPijYvb
Today is National Book Day. We live in a time when “passionate curiosity” and a commitment to learning is more important than ever. Leaders are readers. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
#RadicalInclusion - Harvest the Knowledge https://t.co/d3Oy2K9GAP
The leadership environment has changed since 9/11. It now requires radical inclusion. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/4tK6ihXaI6
Phrase from a clever rental car commercial: “What can I say...control suits me.” Certainly true in our individual choices, but when you’re responsible for large groups confronting serious, complex problems, it’s usually the wrong answer to simply exert control. #RadicalInclusion
Like Curly in “City Slickers” effective leaders find their “one thing.”  When it’s all about them, it eventually fails. When it’s about the well being of their team, it eventually succeeds. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: An understanding of context is most optimally achieved when there is collaboration at every level of the organization. #CocreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/WZxoo3oAoM
Great leaders appreciate all ideas and want to be surprised by a few. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
In a world where the context affecting our decisions changes rapidly, we have to relinquish control to those most able to understand and adapt with it. That means building trust from the top to the bottom of the organization. More trust, better decisions. #CoCreationOfContext
Great leaders give credit and accept blame. #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion
There's far more that brings us together than there is that tears us apart. #CoCreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/nXhsZk8glU
Been asked a lot lately if simply being in a leadership position qualifies you to be called a leader. Absolutely not! Here’s the test: if those you lead don’t respect and admire you enough to want to be like you some day, you’re not the leader they need you to be.” #Leadership
Digital Echoes can entertain, inspire, or be used maliciously to confuse and corrupt. It’s hard to know who and what to trust. Which is precisely why leaders have to dedicate themselves to building trust. In their organizations, among their followers, every day. #RadicalInclusion
Uncertainty is always the greatest drag on progress. Effective leaders reduce drama and increase confidence. Committed, collaborative, self-confident teams win. It will always be true that the shortest distance between two points is a straight line. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders never have a bad day. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
Rest In Peace Barbara Bush. You showed us what servant leadership, commitment to family, patriotism, and courage looked like. #MakeItMatter
A glimpse at leadership by poet Alfred Lord Tennyson as Ulysses reflects: [I have] “drunk delight of battle with my peers, far on the ringing plains of windy Troy. I am a part of all that I have met.” Leaders allow themselves to be touched by those around them. #RadicalInclusion
To the men and women with whom I served and who responded to my last tweet—thanks! You’ll never know how much you influenced my decisions and how you inspired me. Clearly, leaders should tap into the diverse talent inside their organizations and keep learning. #RadicalInclusion
Effective leaders walk the floor, show up in the break room, visit the troops where they serve in harm’s way. They show what matters to them. They lead by example. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
Remember that “a man is known by the company he keeps”(Aesop). Never more true. #RadicalInclusion
#ABiasForAction: Avoiding the endless pursuit of that one exquisite piece of information which seems to be all that stands between you and clarity.  #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/vaLIpcEGVm
Great leaders share the spotlight. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
Consider this undervalued leadership attribute: genuine. Means less time spent by leaders worrying about their image and less time spent by followers worrying about the motivation of those leading them. Starts with leaders understanding they are servants first. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders know it's both what you accomplish and how that matters. #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: Blending egos, not eliminating them. #CocreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion
Of starting a project and finishing it, finishing is always harder. It takes vision, focus, the ability to learn and adapt, and leadership to inspire an extended commitment among those involved. The more inclusive the solution, the more likely it will succeed. #RadicalInclusion
Inclusion leads to the organization's ability to move and adapt more quickly when needed. #ABiasForAction #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/VNLklafl21
Great leaders have an insatiable appetite for learning. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
A morning when we take stock in who we are as a nation. Whether the unalienable rights of “life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness” stop at our borders. It’s good we have a national conscience and good it is tempered by pragmatism. Remain encouraged. #RadicalInclusion
Bless those who tonight act on our behalf to prevent atrocities and innocent suffering. And bless those responsible for linking individual acts together into a plan so that it doesn’t happen again. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
McVegan: My #RadicalInclusion coauthor @oribrafman tells a story about winning a battle of narratives. https://t.co/uL0ePjLd1q
Leadership is above all caring. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
In a Chinese proverb it says that to know a man you must understand his memories. In Radical Inclusion we say that to lead men and women you must give them memories. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders make people feel like they belong. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
#RadicalInclusion - Clearer, Fiercer Leadership https://t.co/MecDs2hoeX
“The dignity of movement of an iceberg is due to only one-eighth of it being above the water” (Hemingway). So great nations should navigate the world’s challenges with dignity, promoting their values but not the impulses that lie beneath. #RadicalInclusion
Anyone can identify strong signals of impending failure. When it’s too late. Effective leaders learn to be alert for weak signals of impending failure. They do so by building and listening to their team. Successfully avoiding failure is a team effort. #ListenAmplifyInclude
The leadership environment has changed since 9/11. We can learn about it by looking to the past. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
Leaders can "learn to imagine" if they place the emphasis on "learn". #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/YQM97n9W4k
In times of crisis, our elected officials must rise above local and regional concerns and work for the good of the nation. As Winston Churchill observed “The nation will find it very hard to look up to the leaders who are keeping their ears to the ground.” #RadicalInclusion
A lot going on globally (North Korea, Syria, Iran, Russia, China). Their behavior is unsurprising, even predictable. The same cannot be said of us and our allies. Some ambiguity in senior leaders is expected; unpredictability is not. It increases risk. #CocreationOfContext
Knowing when (and how) to ask for help. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/lwP1dOmd2F
Great leaders centralize the what and decentralize the how. #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion
Faced with crises in failed states, it is in our interest to act. But with ALL the tools of our power, with allies, with a strategy, and clear-eyed about how long it will take. Issues like Syria aren’t solved over night or with episodic punitive measures. #BiasForAction
All senior leaders, in any line of work, inherit the unresolved problems of their predecessors. Those who succeed accept ownership, recognize what’s changed, and take their turn to solve them. #LearnToImagine #BiasForAction #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders think about the impact of decisions from the bottom-up. #CocreationOfContent #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders decide how they're going to decide. #ABiasForAction #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. For most leaders, being aggressive comes naturally; making people feel like they belong takes practice. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
In describing the desirable attributes of effective leaders, we often forget kindness, empathy, and humility? But these attributes contribute mightily to building trust, and trust unlocks the real potential of each individual on our team. #RadicalInclusion
Leaders are responsible for creating inclusive environments. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/cOHwbw8L6e
Great leaders make it clear that disagreement isn't considered disloyalty. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders know it's both what you accomplish and how that matters. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
In the era of digital echoes we are distracted. Volume matters more than reason. Fears are exaggerated. Facts are the product of selective crowdsourcing. That is, unless responsible leaders clarify, bring order and focus, and earn our trust. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders work to connect to all of their followers. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
#RadicalInclusion - Have You Listened Today? #Leadership https://t.co/jh8Nb8x0Rl
Thanks to all who have entered the discussion about inclusive leadership. https://t.co/FOA3B1p7AU		#RadicalInclusion #inclusion https://t.co/0odpFaue00
We all want to believe that what we do matters. That's true whether we're reflecting on our personal life or on our life in the workplace. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/cAymFknnb7
Great leaders constantly look for ways to make their message more inclusive and more persuasive. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: gaining a group commitment to individual sacrifice. #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion
On this Gold Star Spouses Day, please join me in thanking those who have experienced the unimaginable sorrow of losing a loved one in combat. We can never fill the hole left in their hearts, but we can support them. God bless them. #MakeItMatter @TAPSorg
Great leaders use ambiguity but avoid unpredictability. #CocreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion
...That’s why I’ve become so convinced that inclusion is imperative, especially in this era of digital echoes.
What I’ve learned is that those who benefit most from the status quo will always work to preserve it. But placing too much emphasis on preserving the status quo prevents learning, generates mistrust, and produces fragile solutions to problems...
In my teen years, I was wary— perhaps even afraid—of MLK. After all, in the society of the day, I had all the advantages. Over time, I learned to appreciate his message of strength through inclusiveness. A great man who made his life matter. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
Measure yourself against yourself. What matters is whether you have used your talents to their full potential, and only you can know the answer to that. If you have, be humbled by the opportunity. If you have not, be humbled by the challenge. #LeadershipLessonsofGrandmaBridget
Talking #RadicalInclusion, a day in the life of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, and more. https://t.co/RBvuVgGN55
In simplest terms, leadership is bringing people together for some common purpose. It requires a degree of trust; the more difficult the task, the greater the degree of trust required. Effective leaders understand that the path to trust runs through civility and respect. #Leading
Thanks to the 1,632 men and women college basketball players who entertained and inspired us over the past 3 weeks. They showed us what working together toward a common goal looks like. As March becomes April, hopefully life will imitate sports. #MarchMadness #RadicalInclusion
#RadicalInclusion https://t.co/DNkoGb6zNB
The best leaders don’t just blame everyone else; they just get the job done. They listen to learn and to make sure others know they matter. They value diversity but understand that moving beyond that to inclusion is the real key to delivering lasting results. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders can usually be described in a single, positive word. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
People want to belong to something that matters. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
My #RadicalInclusion co-author, @oribrafman, will be live this hour talking about our new book. Listen here: https://t.co/23Jy61nES6 https://t.co/kes7tS1lSq
#Leadership: lighting someone's fire by your example. #GiveThemMemories #Radicalinclusion
#RadicalInclusion - Leading So It Matters. #Leadership https://t.co/fRBIRudWzC
Only the leader who can harness the power inherent in inclusion will make lasting progress and achieve enduring success. https://t.co/cYFyVBrr3g https://t.co/0K9mWwCNeD
Often the best things come from the most unexpected collaborations. #RadicalInclusion
Thankful to have the support of @DukeU. 		https://t.co/2NX4SNo0Dh
The leadership environment has changed since 9/11. We're now in the era of the digital echo. #leadership #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/Y2wacpzhzB
Give them memories or someone else will. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/rfg5FAbIN5
12 to 17 years old are solving complex problems utilizing inclusion so that the solutions will endure. Some call it Generation Z... we call it Generation Inclusive. #GenInc		https://t.co/3B2T8dbZAC
Great leaders Listen, Amplify, and Include (in that order). #ListenAmplifyInclude #Radicalinclusion
My deepest appreciation who all who served their country in our military during the Vietnam War. You did your duty under the most difficult circumstances in S.E. Asia and at home. #VietnamWarVeteransDay
Thanks, @JayBilas.  And thanks for YOUR thoughtful and inclusive leadership through the years. https://t.co/3TVZC78xQY
RT @post_lead: How a four-star general and a Berkeley professor came to write a leadership book together https://t.co/lm38RwOvJH
Great leaders continually question the relationship of power and control. #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion
@oribrafman @washingtonpost @jenamcgregor Agree! Enjoyed our conversation, Jena. Important topic. And thanks for not mentioning that I tried the Impossible Burger.  Pretty good actually 😎.
Published today in the @washingtonpost: How @oribrafman and I came together to write #RadicalInclusion. 		https://t.co/FVFwocefsk
#IfTheWorldWereListening. Not sure “local” means much in the Era of Digital Echoes. That’s not to say we can’t have local concerns. Rather to say our concerns are becoming more visible and more interconnected. Lasting solutions only possible with inclusion. #RadicalInclusion
Description of good leaders through the ages: caring, consistent, courageous, and candid. Today, those attributes plus inquisitive, informed, and inclusive. In the Era of Digital Echoes, leadership requires hard work, thick skin, perseverance, and a big heart. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders want to know what their most junior member knows. #CocreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders have a bias for action. #ABiasForAction #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening “Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are” (Basketball Coaching Legend John Wooden). #RadicalInclusion
Among the narratives. Unquestionably, the Defense Department justified their budget request with integrity prior to submitting it and having it approved. Anything diverted from the Defense Budget after the fact will create shortfalls in important security priorities. #Leadership
We're no longer in a debate over facts. We're in a battle of narratives. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/wKwppuxfiJ
#IfTheWorldWereListening. “Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man’s character give him power” (Lincoln). #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders "see" with more than just their eyes. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
“Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex. It takes a touch of genius, and a lot of courage, to move in the opposite direction.” Einstein. Effective leaders are sense-makers. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders understand that it is the highest privilege to lead. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
Real power isn’t about exerting more control. Power is about inclusion to gain knowledge and build trust. Power is about finding optimal solutions to complex  problems at an acceptable cost. Power is being adaptable. Above all, power is a team sport. #RadicalInclusion
You can make people feel a sense of belonging by giving them memories.  #GiveThemMemories #Radical Inclusion https://t.co/i9Jqsee7tm
To lead, we must be willing to serve. #RadicalInclusion
Thanks @4enterprisers for including #RadicalInclusion in your list of must-read books for leaders. Enter to win a copy at the link below. #leadership #leaders 		https://t.co/7qdbUA9xni
#IfTheWorldWereListening. “We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them” (Einstein). #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
#ListenAmplifyInclude		https://t.co/U03fHaXXRv
#MakeItMatter started as a commitment to honor the lives of fallen soldiers, but it isn't unique to the military. Today #GenInc is making it matter for those who lost their lives in school violence. #MarchForOurLives
"These young people, like those before them, want to be heard...But unlike previous generations, the way they make their voices heard should be most encouraging to those of us on the other end of the generational spectrum." #MarchForOurLives #GenInc https://t.co/xQMn8djXix
This is isn’t a political movement; this is a new generation announcing its strength—a signal we all need to hear. #MarchForOurLives #GenInc #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion		https://t.co/U03fHaXXRv
Shakespeare Week 2018. “Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.” #RadicalInclusion
Shakespeare Week 2018. “The purest treasure...is spotless reputation—that away, men are but gilded loam or painted clay.” #RadicalInclusion
Shakespeare Week 2018. “Talking isn’t doing. It is a kind of good deed to say well; and yet words are not deeds.” #RadicalInclusion
Shakespeare Week 2018. “There is no darkness but ignorance.” #RadicalInclusion
RT @oribrafman: An idea whose time has come: #foundersforchange for a more diverse and inclusive tech community launches just two weeks aft…
The argument isn’t whether to be protectionist or globalist but rather to be pragmatic. Finding enduring solutions to complex problems requires knowledge and resources. And that means finding trustworthy partners. #RadicalInclusion		https://t.co/6B9jZ4M0s1
RT @oribrafman: From the @MilitaryTimes review of #RadicalInclusion : "That’s optimism from a former Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman and a v…
Shakespeare Week 2018. “No legacy is so rich as honesty.” #RadicalInclusion
In improvisation, “you have to learn to love the bomb” (Stephen Colbert). In leadership, you and your team have to learn from both success and failure. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
On St. Patrick’s Day, this Irish saying: you’ll never plough a field by turning it over in your mind. Here’s to leadership, to taking on tough problems, and working on complex issues. Together. #RadicalInclusion
Thanks Coach Ryan Odom for being poised and humble in victory and Coach Tony Bennett for showing real class and grace under pressure. Congratulations to UMBC players for an historic victory and to Virginia players for a great season. #MarchMadness
Thanks to everyone who helped propel Radical Inclusion to the best seller lists. Now let’s take it from concept to leadership movement. #RadicalInclusion #LearnToImagine @washingtonpost @WSJ
Why "Radical Inclusion"? Turn on @BloombergTV today in the 1p ET hour to find out more about our new book on #leadership in the post-9/11 world. 		#RadicalInclusion is available now at https://t.co/7JaYRx7SWQ https://t.co/QsZNpp02Rb
Tune in tomorrow to @BloombergTV. My coauthor @oribrafman and I will be joining @DavidWestin and @SheryAhnNews live in the 1PM EST hour to talk about our new book, "Radical Inclusion".		Get #RadicalInclusion: https://t.co/7JaYRx7SWQ https://t.co/K2t40VqXw7
RT @oribrafman: Last week on @foxandfriends we talked about the power of narratives and how inclusion plays a role. #RadicalInclusion @Mart…
Last week on @foxandfriends we discussed the book's subtitle and why we chose to write about the "Post-9/11 World." #RadicalInclusion @oribrafman	 	https://t.co/EnzCJfuYyd
Today we got a glimpse of #GenInc: Generation Inclusive. Seventeen minutes of shared silence loudly demanding that they be heard. #Enough
#RadicalInclusion. Because the art of leadership is in helping make sense of things, overcoming skepticism, and gaining commitment toward common goals. #ListenAmplifyInclude
How did a Berkeley peace studies vegan get together with the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs to write a book on leadership? Join the conversation now at https://t.co/uVgcmumtnj.		#RadicalInclusion @amazonmilitary #leadership https://t.co/78aYzsvE4P
Live today from @amazon HQ, @oribrafman will be sharing stories from our new book, "Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership". Stream it here at 3p ET/12p PT: https://t.co/uVgcmumtnj 		#RadicalInclusion @amazonmilitary https://t.co/9GRYxPryaf
Tomorrow at 3PM EST/12PM PST @oribrafman and I will be at @amazon HQ for the Military Speaker Series to talk about our new book, #RadicalInclusion. Livestream the event: https://t.co/QMLVeiUZu2. Get your copy: https://t.co/SZMK7gSbra https://t.co/ZaARttl6EC
On @MSNBC we discussed #RadicalInclusion, the relationship among #leadership, power, and control, and the principles of belonging, making it matter, and learning to imagine.		@Morning_Joe @oribrafman 		https://t.co/iTvRZrZnZA
#MarchMadness will show again that it takes more than skill to win. Winning teams care about each other and know that every contribution matters. They have leadership and heart. They work as one to turn skill into victory. Congrats to the teams and their fans. #RadicalInclusion
On @CNN, @FareedZakaria asked if our book is about decentralization of hierarchical structures in business, industry, and the military. Actually, it asserts that decentralization is not enough: #inclusion is now an imperative leadership attribute. Find out why. #RadicalInclusion
RT @FareedZakaria: Also on today's show at 10am/1pm ET on CNN: I'm joined by former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff @Martin_Dempsey t…
Join me on today's @FareedZakaria GPS on @CNN. Coming up at 10a/1p ET. https://t.co/c9LKC5h6zG
Discussing North Korea, Iran deal, Afghanistan, and #RadicalInclusion today with @FareedZakaria at 10a/1p ET on @CNN. https://t.co/dZdEqAKYNv
@oribrafman @washingtonpost We're in a competition for the trust and confidence of those who follow us. Creating a sense of #inclusion is imperative in the post-9/11 world.
RT @oribrafman: In #RadicalInclusion we talk about the #digitalecho and how it's changing the way we perceive the world and the decisions w…
Tune into @CNN tomorrow at 10a/1p ET as I discuss North Korea, the Iran deal, Afghanistan, and my new book, #RadicalInclusion, with @FareedZakaria on #GPS. The book is available now in stores and at https://t.co/eDVZsD542S. https://t.co/fw5OInrIOI
RT @FareedZakaria: Also on tomorrow's show at 10a/1p ET on CNN: I'm joined by @Martin_Dempsey to discuss North Korea, Iran deal, Afghanista…
Talked @usabasketball and how #RadicalInclusion applies to sports on @NBAGametime_ with @JaredSGreenberg 		https://t.co/EuVagz4EHI
RT @pmeilhan: @Martin_Dempsey, fmr. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, joins @FareedZakaria to discuss America's options in global opti…
RT @oribrafman: On with my coauthor talking about @realDonaldTrump as a leader, what's happened and leadership since 9/11, and #RadicalIncl…
RT @oribrafman: #RadicalInclusion authors @Martin_Dempsey and me on leading in today's world.		https://t.co/axFI6C80kS
RT @FareedZakaria: I asked @Martin_Dempsey for his take on the possible meeting between President Trump and Kim Jong Un: https://t.co/1d9RQ…
#Leading. When you realize you need help understanding complex problems and have the courage to include voices that may disagree with you in solving them. Asking “when is the last time I allowed someone to change my mind?” #RadicalInclusion
#RadicalInclusion. Because exclusion is polarizing, more expensive, produces less, and doesn’t last. #ListenAmplifyInclude
Joining @mitchellreports today with my #RadicalInclusion co-author, @oribrafman. The book is available at https://t.co/uproLOjmfe. https://t.co/rMATiltnAO
Absolutely--the ideas in the book are applicable not only to companies, teams, and organizations, but also to families. @RCamposDuffy @foxandfriends @oribrafman #RadicalInclusion
In case you missed us on @foxandfriends, check out the video here with @oribrafman #RadicalInclusion 		https://t.co/RebDPx3KER
Coming up live on @Morning_Joe. Talking #RadicalInclusion with my co-author, @oribrafman. The book is available now at https://t.co/uproLOjmfe. @MSNBC https://t.co/5gcdkHUQpe
Tune in now to @foxandfriends to see me and my #RadicalInclusion co-author @oribrafman talking about the new book and some news of the day. Pick up a copy of "Radical Inclusion" now at https://t.co/uproLOjmfe. https://t.co/wDU9io7xob
Join @oribrafman on me this morning on @foxandfriends talking about our new book, "Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership". Pick up your copy at https://t.co/5J9JfqVAAe. https://t.co/Ur13gBAdQ0
Will be on @Morning_Joe tomorrow with my #RadicalInclusion co-author @oribrafman on @MSNBC.  "Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership" is available now at https://t.co/uproLOjmfe. https://t.co/KLkBJQT25y
Join me and my "Radical Inclusion" co-author @oribrafman tomorrow morning on @foxandfriends. Pick up a copy of #RadicalInclusion now at https://t.co/uproLOjmfe. https://t.co/vOuuNMQlae
Tune in tonight to NBA GameTime on @NBATV. I'll be on the line talking leadership and #RadicalInclusion with @JaredSGreenberg. https://t.co/KNn43wpUa5
@NPRinskeep asked “what should leaders have learned since 9/11?” This—that facts are fragile, scrutiny is intense, trust is earned, and less control can mean more power. That only inclusion produces optimal, affordable, enduring solutions to complex problems. #RadicalInclusion
Great talking #RadicalInclusion with the team @CBSThisMorning. https://t.co/9f6kVUr6mn
Coming up this hour, join me and @oribrafman on @CBSThisMorning to talk about our new book, "Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership". #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/ZLKeIFkNJa
Joining @CBSThisMorning today to talk about our new book, "Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership". 		https://t.co/5J9JfqVAAe https://t.co/VaJHzLEzBC
Please join me and @oribrafman  today on @CBSThisMorning to talk about our new book, "Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership". #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/J2YZHIFBjp
Talking leadership and #RadicalInclusion on today's @MorningEdition:		https://t.co/uAo9GCYDl6
Tune in now to @MorningEdition on @NPR to hear me talk about my new book, "Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership." @oribrafman #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/rGzZ5JZpBg
Tune into today's @MorningEdition on @NPR to hear me talk about my new book, "Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership." @oribrafman #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/ylimtS8tFU
Tune into @MorningEdition tomorrow, Thursday, March 8 to hear me talk with @NPRinskeep about my new book, "Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership." @oribrafman #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/rxjEBBD57k
Join me and @oribrafman tomorrow, Thursday, March 8 on @CBSThisMorning as we discuss our new book, "Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership". #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/3D6fpmjkPf
"An indispensable read for anyone in a leadership position today." - PATTY McCORD, former chief talent officer, @netflix and author of 'Powerful'		@pattymccord1 #RadicalInclusion #leadership https://t.co/IFOzQbpUYK
Thanks to all who have embraced the idea of Radical Inclusion as a leadership imperative. Together we'll build the trust and confidence necessary to make it matter! #RadicalInclusion #leadership		https://t.co/TBF1CBCoc0
@AmbassadorRice Thanks, Susan. I’ve been blessed to have seen and learned from inclusive leaders throughout my career including during our time together. I hope the message of inclusion spreads beyond the book.
RT @jbyerly81: Thank you .@oribrafman and .@Martin_Dempsey for sharing your thoughts on learning, leadership, and for those great book reco…
Looking forward to visiting @amazonmilitary HQ one week from today. You can livestream the event at https://t.co/QMLVeiUZu2. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/Id8Y7DPE4Q
Pleased to announce that today is the release of my new book, "Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership" co-authored with @oribrafman.  		https://t.co/6algcCHZIZ #RadicalInclusion
Have you preordered #RadicalInclusion? If so, send your proof of purchase to radicalinclusion@starfishleadership.com to receive a handwritten note from me and my co-author @oribrafman. Offer ends today and while supplies last--just 28 left!		Order here: https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5 https://t.co/YXPWXyANJf
#Oscars Inclusion Rider: This is more than just people taking care of each other, though that's obviously important. It's a declaration that outcomes are better when the talents of diverse individuals are included in solving problems in the workplace. #RadicalInclusion
"Listen to learn. Amplify to establish expectations. Include to empower." #ListenAmplifyInclude		Countdown to #RadicalInclusion #1dayleft 		Order now: https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5		https://t.co/AgKLxXy0zY https://t.co/Mx73CscKLr
"Dempsey and Brafman offer current and aspiring leaders extraordinary insights...There is great advice in these pages based on real-world experience." - ROBERT M. GATES, U.S. Secretary of Defense, 2006-2011		Order #RadicalInclusion at https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5 https://t.co/R1cDzFHRmx
"Real power is measured not in degree of control but in the ability to find optimum, affordable, enduring solutions to complex problems." #RelinquishControlToPreservePower		Countdown to #RadicalInclusion #2daysleft 		 Order now: https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5		https://t.co/3rKN7SZ2J3 https://t.co/q096CEaZZ4
RT @hydewhite: Congratulations to Marty Dempsey, Ori Brafman and Mission Day Press on the soon to be released: Radical Inclusion. 😁 https:/…
"Building a team--whether in sports, the military, business, or foreign policy--takes leadership with heart, dedication, and trust. 'Radical Inclusion' should be on the nightstand of anyone who aspires to lead." - @MikeKrzyzewski, head coach @DukeMBB 		https://t.co/oQGzC2mnjv https://t.co/x1sDDeME5x
"An understanding of context is most optimally achieved when there is collaboration at every level of the organization." #CocreationOfContext		Countdown to #RadicalInclusion #3daysleft 		Order now: https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5 		https://t.co/Ua9SYpWQxE https://t.co/5Xpej4TYMF
Only 77 more handwritten inscriptions will be sent from @oribrafman and me in honor of our new book, Radical Inclusion. Preorder now at https://t.co/oQGzC2mnjv and send your proof of purchase to radicalinclusion@starfishleadership.com to get yours. https://t.co/xwTVaZmVut
"A bias for action helps you avoid the endless pursuit of that one exquisite piece of information which seems to be all that stands between you and clarity." #BiasForAction		Countdown to #RadicalInclusion #4daysleft 		Order now: https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5		https://t.co/MBqYAiddGY https://t.co/gtVzSSpXEH
#RadicalInclusion. Because power is measured less in the exertion of control and more in how we develop a common understanding of problems and a shared ownership of solutions.
"Timely and relevant...A refreshing read!" - KLAUS SCHWAB, founder and executive chairman, World Economic Forum		#RadicalInclusion @wef 		Order now: https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5 https://t.co/E9pYp7KXew
"Imagination is a learned attribute. It's some combination of training, experience, and instinct that produces creativity in complex environments." #LearnToImagine  		Countdown to #RadicalInclusion #5daysleft 		https://t.co/HezAg7UbL9
#RadicalInclusion. Because it’s all about trust.  Leaders who give it, get back better results than they could have ever imagined themselves. Leaders who withhold it, get back only what they themselves can imagine.
"The best leaders help those around them understand how their contributions fit into the organization's accomplishments and help them appreciate how they matter." #MakeItMatter		Countdown to #RadicalInclusion #6daysleft		Order now https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5 		https://t.co/m2vNG95JWA https://t.co/F6dvkZNCNL
The Radical Inclusion audiobook, narrated by the talented @hydewhite , is now available for preorder on Audible. Find it here: https://t.co/gXPDRxFcUU		#RadicalInclusion #Audible #audiobooks
"The most important responsibility of leaders is to make their people feel like they belong. No matter how many other priorities compete for their time." #GiveThemMemories		Countdown to #RadicalInclusion #7daysleft		Order now: https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5 		https://t.co/DtAT6Ewtx2 https://t.co/RoTZswsfdV
#RadicalInclusion. Because the knowledge necessary to solve complex problems is often found in unexpected places.
#RadicalInclusion. Because complex problems require collaborative solutions. Because narrowly imposed solutions rarely last. Because inclusion is the right and the smart thing to do.
#RadicalInclusion. Because competing narratives moving at the “speed of memes” make facts fragile. Because we need the trust and confidence of all not just some.
Why a book about inclusion?  Because there’s plenty of emphasis on management; not enough on leadership. Because there’s plenty of emphasis on issues; not enough on identity. Because there’s plenty of emphasis on building support; not enough on building trust. #RadicalInclusion
@MarkHertling We listened, we amplified, we included, and above all we made sure that everyone understood that their contribution mattered.
To thank our friends and supporters of #RadicalInclusion, @oribrafman  and I will send handwritten notes to the first 500 to email the receipt of their book preorder to radicalinclusion@starfishleadership.com. https://t.co/qE2bMJPJ0p
"Such a timely message for an age in desperate need of effective leaders." - FR. JOHN I. JENKINS, president, University of Notre Dame. @NotreDame #RadicalInclusion		Order Radical Inclusion today at https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5. https://t.co/MhJam8doP2
Our next generation of young Americans are calling for inclusion in finding solutions to keep our children safe. I’m proud of them. They are right, they should be heard, we should listen, and we should act. #ListenAmplifyInclude
#IfTheWorldWereListening. “Don’t fear failure. Fear success” (NBA Legend Grant Hill). Failure can bring out the best in us. Success can make us forget it. #Leadership #RadicalInclusuion
"Practical...fascinatingly counterintuitive...Radical Inclusion is the first thing I've read that feels like a light in the darkness for America in 2018 and beyond." - RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC @maddow @MSNBC 		Radical Inclusion is available for preorder at https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5. https://t.co/g5BxifVoKx
An important measure of effective leadership is trust. With it, a company, corporation, or country is protected from Digital Echoes that confuse and distract us. Without it, we are vulnerable. There is no magic formula for earning trust. Except that it must be earned. #Leadership
Presidents. Leaders with the responsibility on behalf of their fellow citizens to protect our freedoms, preserve our institutions, promote our values, and secure our future. To wield power responsibly and respectfully. To unite all of us as these United States. #RadicalInclusion
Leadership is a privilege. And when given the privilege to lead, we should do everything in our power to bring people together for their own and for the common good. “Talent perceives differences; genius unity” (Yeats). #RadicalInclusion
"A playbook for leadership in the twenty-first century...concise and compelling." - Adam Silver, commissioner, @NBA  https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5 #RadicalInclusion
I am grateful for all of my connections on Twitter and around the world. As we near the release of our new book on #leadership in today's world, many of you have asked how you can support. Email radicalinclusion@starfishleadership.com to join us. #RadicalInclusion @oribrafman https://t.co/QzRA21YNYQ
"Radical Inclusion should be on the nightstand of anyone who aspires to lead." - Mike Krzyzewski, head coach, Duke University men's basketball		#RadicalInclusion @DukeMBB @oribrafman https://t.co/BOfRyHfS8J
Want to help spread the word about Radical Inclusion? Send an email to the team at radicalinclusion@starfishleadership.com to learn how. 	The more we share the message of inclusion across our networks, the stronger the message becomes. #RadicalInclusion @oribrafman
#If the World Were Listening. Confident leaders don’t brag. Those with power don’t bluff.  Big problems don’t get better with age.  Calm, consistent, and collaborative leadership is what complex problems demand. #RadicalInclusion
Three weeks until the release of my new book on leadership, Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership. Available now for preorder at https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5 . 		#RadicalInclusion @oribrafman
#Leadership.  Indicators of a leader’s character: own problems, share credit, uphold standards, value integrity, act responsibly, care deeply, behave ethically, show empathy, lead inclusively. #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: being attentive to both the good of the organization and the good of the individual. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
When is the last time you allowed a subordinate to change your mind about something?		#Leadership #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
Respect, Humility, and Inclusiveness.		https://t.co/OqXxprKAso
"Dempsey and Brafman offer current and aspiring leaders extraordinary insights... There is great advice in these pages based on real-world experience." - Robert M. Gates, SECDEF 2006-2011		Radical Inclusion is available now for preorder at https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5.		@oribrafman https://t.co/dc53ioYncg
Five years ago this month with POTUS #44 watching SECDEF Panetta troop the line at his retirement ceremony. POTUS leaned over and said, “isn’t it remarkable the three of us are here.” An African-American, Italian-American, and Irish-American. Only in America. #RadicalInclusion
Leaders who effectively manage uncertainty, overcome complexity, and keep pace do so because they are inclusive. Inclusive leaders build more bridges than barriers. They focus on what unites us. They build trust. 		#RadicalInclusion
We're just one month away from the release of my new book on leadership, Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership. Available today for preorder at https://t.co/oQGzC2DYI5 		#RadicalInclusion @oribrafman
I considered my grandmother my hero. From her, I learned that a sense of belonging is the greatest gift anyone can give someone. #leadership 		https://t.co/lKyBwi6vgy
Effective leaders have a sense of empathy. They listen. In listening they learn. In learning they become empathetic. Empathy is the voice of compassion in our ear. Effective collaborations require a high degree of understanding and empathy.		#RadicalInclusion
Leaders who are humble are more approachable, more genuine, and more trustworthy. Humility encourages trust. With trust, almost anything is possible in a collaboration; without trust, almost nothing.		#RadicalInclusion
Respect isn’t offered in deference to power or wealth or influence. In fact, the stronger party in a relationship bears more responsibility for demonstrating respect than the weaker. Leaders who seek respect, must give respect.		#RadicalInclusion
Collaborations don’t just happen. They take work, commitment, courage, and a lot of trust. They take time, time to build relationships, time to harvest knowledge, time to develop suitable options, and time to make optimum decisions. #RadicalInclusion
In team sports, what most often sets elite athletes apart is the ability to use their imagination in creating opportunities for themselves and for their teammates.		#LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion		https://t.co/xZ9WGdklb5
#IfTheWorldWereListening. In the era of digital echoes, information can clarify or confuse, be used for noble or nefarious purpose, at mind-numbing speed. Requires the trust and confidence that can only come from positive, consistent, inclusive leadership. #RadicalInclusion
#LeadershipLessonsOfGrandmaBridget. You’ll be known by the company you keep. #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. In the Era of Digital Echoes, leaders should behave, act, think, and communicate the same whether on the job, after hours, or in the social media space. Consistency sends its own important message. #RadicalInclusion
#LeadershipLessonsOfGrandmaBridget. Build more bridges than barriers. #RadicalInclusion
#LeadershipLessonsOfGrandmaBridget. Be the person you’d like others to be. #RadicalInclusion
#LeadershipLessonsOfGrandmaBridget. The less said in anger,the less mended. #RadicalInclusion
#LeadershipLessonsOfGrandmaBridget. You should give respect if you want respect. #RadicalInclusion
So, you say you’re a leader. What’s in your heart? #Leadership #MakeItMatter
#IfTheWorldWereListening. All glory is fleeting. In the march of time we are privileged to lead only briefly. When we are done, we have only our reputation. The best leaders ask themselves “what kind of leader am I?” #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
Leaders must meet objectives, achieve goals, and accomplish missions.  But their legacy will be based on how they shaped the culture, treated the people, and developed the leaders of the organization. If those junior to you don’t want to be like you some day, you’re not leading.
Adjectives describing inclusive leaders: inquisitive, attentive, approachable, humble, empathetic, caring. Inclusive leaders know that collaborative solutions are the only lasting solutions. They know it’s not only what you accomplish but how. #RadicalInclusion
Consider “resolute”’as a leadership attribute. Effective leaders are resolute and relentless in getting the job done. They know that tough, complex issues rarely improve with the passage of time. They are honest, collaborative, and have a bias for action. #RadicalInclusion
Shutdown: a failure to listen, learn, and lead. An accumulation of mistakes, misunderstanding, and mistrust. A lack of collaboration, compromise, and inclusion. An avoidable burden on a lot of honest, hard-working, civil servants. #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. We collaborate and come together in times of crisis. But why wait for a crisis? Everyday problems are best solved by inclusion too. Effective leaders make inclusion a habit. #RadicalInclusion #ListenAmplifyInclude
Effective leaders ensure the energy of the organization stays focused on achieving its goals. They avoid distractions. They are sense-makers, agile when opportunity knocks, and adaptable when things go astray. They are responsible, poised, confident, and inclusive. #Leadership
40 years ago, rock music legends, The Who, memorably asked “who are you?” Today we ask, who are we? The world needs us to be champions of truth, justice, diversity, and equality. In doing so we should be humble, fair, and reliable. Because, if not us, then who? #RadicalInclusion
Whether at home or abroad, in every sector of society, for all of the pressing issues of our time, our first leadership instinct should be toward #inclusion.	This isn’t new; it’s just more important now. https://t.co/e093KlRz0t
Consider “trustworthy” as a leadership attribute. Leaders who are trustworthy inspire us to exceptional effort. They are role models. They put our well-being before their own. The best leaders know that it’s not just what they accomplish but how. #Leadership
The way to find clarity and depth in life is to slow down and take the time to reflect. #leadership #Yeats		https://t.co/iNESj92ebY
#IfTheWorldWereListening.  A thought for leaders on Martin Luther King Day. Measure merit after opportunity. #RadicalInclusion
As facts erode, trust erodes. As trust erodes, we focus more on what divides us than on what unites us. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/tJazk1PfJ8
Consider “generous” as a leadership attribute. The best are generous with their time, with their attention, with their expressions of appreciation. They instinctively bring people together and are alert to those who may be struggling. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders share the spotlight. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. Thankfully, none of us get what we deserve. Because that would be very little. What we get is a chance to live a “felt” life and to do our best for ourselves and for others. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders centralize the what and decentralize the how. #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion
Consider “composure” as a leadership attribute. The best leaders are calm under pressure, a steadying influence on those around them, and avoid overreacting to incomplete information. No leader ever helped solve a problem by hyperventilating. #Leadership
Great leaders think about the impact of decisions from the bottom-up. #CocreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. Leaders who believe they deserve everything they have achieved are blind to what actually makes leadership exciting and important. #RadicalInclusion
Consider “authentic” as a leadership attribute.  The best leaders allow us to see them for who they are. They are candid, reliable, and consistent. They understand the importance of being authentic—and therefore understood—by all, 24/7, in and out of the workplace. #Leadership
Great leaders make it clear that disagreement isn't considered disloyalty. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
Consider “tolerant” as a leadership attribute. The best leaders respect and provide opportunity for all entrusted to their care. The first step toward finding lasting solutions to complex problems is inclusion, and the first step toward inclusion is tolerance. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders are sense-makers. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
Consider “integrity” as a leadership attribute. Leaders earn a reputation for integrity. It doesn’t just happen. It’s earned by consistency in small actions so that it’s established when big actions come along. Nothing more important to building trust than integrity. #Leadership
Great leaders work to connect to all of their followers. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
Consider “respect” as a leadership attribute. Leaders must give it before they get it, and they know that all deserve it. #RadicalInclusion
Consider “ambition” as a leadership attribute. The best leaders don’t suppress their ambition. They harness it and blend it into the team. They value team accomplishments over individual accomplishments. They talk about the team more than about themselves. #Leadership
Consider “emotion” as a leadership attribute. Leaders express the full range, laughter to tears. The best ask themselves “when is the last time I became choked up in learning of some great sadness, or in great pride?” Emotion is a good indicator of a leader’s depth. #Leadership
Consider “empathy” as a leadership attribute. The best leaders genuinely feel their responsibilities. They know their decisions affect real people. They consider implications beyond self and listen to the voice of compassion in their ear. Empathy makes a leader human. #Leadership
Consider “curiosity” as a leadership attribute. By being genuinely curious, leaders learn to ask the right questions, learn to recognize the best answers, and learn to admit what they don’t know. Leaders who stop learning stop leading. #Leadership
Consider “presence” as a leadership attribute. The best leaders have an instinct about how to contribute to the team not only with their decisions but by their demeanor. They make their greatest impact by reflecting the culture and character of the organization. #Leadership
Inclusive leadership applied to Iran situation. Listen. Learn from those who really know Iran. Amplify the best ideas. Speak to our values. Include key domestic and foreign partners. Keep it in perspective. Don’t run out of options, and expect the unexpected. #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. A New Year’s resolution for leaders as we begin 2018: lead with a warrior’s heart, an immigrant’s spirit, and a servant’s soul. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. With one day remaining in 2017, celebrate the helpful, the tolerant, and the inclusive who have touched our lives this year. #MakeItMatter
#IfTheWorldWereListening. With two days remaining in 2017, celebrate the humble, the fair, and the decent who have touched our lives this year. #MakeItMatter
Great leaders constantly look for ways to make their message more inclusive and more persuasive. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. With three days remaining in 2017, celebrate the modest, the sincere, and the generous who have touched our lives this year. #MakeItMatter
#IfTheWorldWereListening. With four days remaining in 2017, celebrate the listeners, the respectful, and the open-minded who have touched our lives this year. #MakeItMatter
#IfTheWorldWereListening. With five days remaining in 2017, celebrate the courageous, the compassionate, and the kind who have touched our lives this year. #MakeItMatter
Great leaders use ambiguity but avoid unpredictability. #CocreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion
Traveling in southern US. Met an Argentinian couple with young children on vacation. They want exactly the same things as us. Not surprising. Find the same thing in Europe, Middle East, Asia. We can figure this out. And still be us. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
Between now and the end of the year we decide how we’re doing. Wealth, health, safety of course. More important, the state of our relationships—building trust for the future, when we’ll need it. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
Each Christmas, I recall my grandmother, with her modest widow’s income, giving gifts to those who touched her life: grocer, postman, priest, everyone. My earliest example of humility, kindness, and giving. As our military and first responders do all year around. We’re blessed.
At this time of year, think about “grace” as a leadership attribute. Many meanings, among them decency, dignity, compassion, balance. From 1528 Italian as “sprezzatura,” grace under pressure. Then and now, best leaders exhibit grace, bring calm, inspire confidence. #Leadership
The lasting memory of my time as Chairman is singing “White Christmas” with deployed troops. They want nothing more than to be remembered. We will. #MakeItMatter
Great leaders make people feel that their contributions matter. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. Inclusion will produce more optimal solutions (as we harvest better knowledge), more affordable solutions (as we forge broader partnerships), and more enduring solutions (as we build greater consensus). #RadicalInclusion
Ori illuminates the fact that seeking innovative ways to enable inclusion—we would say Radical Inclusion—is the next logical step after focusing for the last ten years on enabling connectivity. https://t.co/bLjxst6kkd
This passage speaks to me about the kind of #leadership most needed today: it lowers the volume of self-absorption and divisiveness. It clarifies. It encourages self-awareness and openness. It's the kind of leadership that builds trust. https://t.co/vFumwfAsx6
21 December 1620, the Mayflower pilgrims land at Plymouth Rock. A month earlier, to survive, they signed the Mayflower Compact, each pledging to contribute to the welfare of the community. Leading under difficult conditions requires an instinct for inclusion. #RadicalInclusion
A leader’s first instinct when confronting a problem should be to find as many people as possible to help them solve it. And that’s a bit radical. #IfTheWorldWereListening #RadicalInclusion
The responsibility to #MakeItMatter is all of ours. Each of us should embrace the fact that we can make a difference, sometimes in big ways, more often in small ways, so that the aggregate of our lives ultimately matters. #leadership #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/ZeS4HKMfbK
In NYC. Lady Liberty standing tall in the harbor as she has for 131 years. In the entire world, there is no more powerful message of hope, no greater symbol of freedom. Gifts that we safeguard not just for ourselves. #RadicalInclusion
Repose. A word rarely used now but once descriptive of a unique leadership trait: calm, confident, patient, precise. Custer was said to lack the repose necessary for senior leadership.  Napoleon was praised for an uncanny sense of timing and repose on the battlefield. #Leadership
Great leaders continually question the relationship of power and control. #leadership #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders want to know what their most junior member knows. #leadership #CoCreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion
The lesson of the Arab Spring (7-years-old today) is that unless political leaders provide hope for all, unless historical rivals agree to share power, unless religions practice religious tolerance, chaos will persist. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders have a #BiasForAction. #leadership #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders "see" with more than just their eyes. #leadership #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. The way to make information more credible for all is by making inclusion a priority. The more we include, the more trust and confidence we create. The less we include, the more suspicion and cynicism we create. #RadicalInclusion
People want to belong to something that matters. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion @oribrafman https://t.co/bXhqMzCOnl
#Leadership. Always be positive with those doing the heavy lifting. Tougher on those supervising the effort. Toughest on yourself. The true mark of a leader is getting everyone involved. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders inspire others to want to be like them. #leadership #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
Congratulations to Duke’s own @SanyinSiang -- one of LinkedIn’s Top Voices for 2017! Sanyin is a great friend and colleague who is humble, thoughtful, and inclusive.  She inspires trust and confidence.  She is, quite simply, an extraordinary leader. https://t.co/sMcwOU55hO
When you experience a great leader, you hope you don’t let them down. When you experience a poor leader, you hope they don’t let you down. #Leadership
The most important responsibility of a #leader is to make your people feel like they belong. No matter how busy you are. No matter how many other priorities compete for your time. #GiveThemMemories" #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/O7bXNCJd7x
#IfTheWorldWereListening. In our interactions with each other, humility, dignity, and respect matter. That is, if the goal is a positive, meaningful, hopeful future. Understood by our first president: “It is far better to be alone than to be in bad company.” #RadicalInclusion
Great #leaders constantly look for ways to make their message more #inclusive and more persuasive. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
"We can make our minds so like still water that beings gather about us that they may see, it may be, their own images, and so live for a moment with a clearer, perhaps even with a fiercer life because of our quiet." #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/9TGi44YpBm
#IfTheWorldWereListening. Watching grandchildren hanging Christmas ornaments. A universal and timeless tradition of hope. Leaders  have a responsibility to create hope. Or they’re not leaders. When we are hopeful, anything is possible. #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: stepping into uncertainty confident your team can deal with whatever comes their way. #RelinquishControl #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. In the era of of digital echoes, information can clarify or confuse, be used for noble or nefarious purpose, at mind-numbing speed.  Requires the trust and confidence that can only come from positive, consistent, inclusive leadership. #RadicalInclusion
8,000 of America’s finest young men and women assemble in Philadelphia today to support their football team. Bitter rivals today; brothers and sisters in arms tomorrow.   Our future security will soon rely on them working together. But for today GO ARMY, BEAT NAVY!
Leadership is responsibility, and the measure of a leader is how they fulfill it. Dignity, respect, integrity, inclusion, and humility matter. “Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man’s character, give him power” (Abraham Lincoln). #RadicalInclusion
Solving our problems by ourselves means solving them at such expense that we will suffer long term consequences, and it’s highly unlikely the solutions will endure. #IfTheWorldWereListening #RadicalInclusion
“Don’t worry when you are not recognized, but strive to be worthy of recognition” (Lincoln). #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
Great #leaders accept process but rebel against paralysis. #BiasForAction #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: being attentive to both the good of the organization and the good of the individual. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
Effective leaders understand that nothing is as important to people as their religion. It is, therefore, the one thing that should never be reduced to a winner-take-all proposition. Unless we believe we are divinely inspired. Since that’s unlikely #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
Like boxers, leaders determine an organization’s stance and balance. Sometimes leaning forward, sometimes back. Sometimes attacking, sometimes defending. Always in balance, never reckless. Vigilant and learning. Carefully picking their time. #Leadership
#Leadership: "Good judgment seeks balance and progress; lack of it eventually finds imbalance and frustration." - Dwight D. Eisenhower #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/5z727O2VQw
#IfTheWorldWereListening. Trust unlocks potential. If you’re working on building trust within your organization—wherever you are in the organization—you’re working on the right thing. Trust can only be earned. No one, no matter how powerful, can just demand it. #RadicalInclusion
The pillars of democracy are Justice, Free Press, and Fair Elections. These must be honored and protected. The pillars are fortified by education, equality, and trust. These must prioritized and encouraged. #Leadership
The more we highlight our differences and exclude each other, the less likely we are to solve the problems we face. #IfTheWorldWereListening #RadicalInclusion
In the words of baseball great Yogi Berra, “The future just ain’t what it used to be.”  https://t.co/jgINoWJwoT #leadership #RadicalInclusion
In 1770, during the trial of British soldiers responsible for the Boston Massacre, lawyer and later 2nd President John Adams said "facts are stubborn things."	Does anyone really consider facts "stubborn" today? #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/p9NajisMnQ
The things that hold us together have to be earned: fairness, opportunity, hope, trust. Leaders first earn them and then must keep them in harmony. “Untune that string, and hark what discord follows” (Shakespeare). #Leadership
#Leadership: built on a foundation of optimism, an open mind, and #trust. #RelinquishControl #RadicalInclusion
#RadicalInclusion asks: even if leaders can impose solutions to complex, frequently changing, highly scrutinized problems, should they do so? Wouldn’t inclusion share cost, add creativity? Wouldn’t inclusion increase the likelihood that problems stay solved? #Leadership
#IfTheWorldWereListening. Giving Tuesday. A glimpse at the true meaning of the Holiday season. Also a hint at the true meaning of leadership: the instinct to give, to serve, to be responsible for others. #RadicalInclusion
RT @oribrafman: Guess what emerged this week on the nonfiction bestseller list in the @washingtonpost!? #Starfish #decentralization #bestse…
#IfTheWorldWereListening. Worry a little less about what’s in your wallet. Worry a little more about what’s in your heart. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders have a bias for action. #BiasForAction #RadicalInclusion #Leadership
#Leadership. “You can’t help what you were born, and you may not have much say about where you die, but you can and should pass the days in between as a good man” (Anton Myrer).
Great #leaders leave "white space" on their calendars and require others do the same. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: doing the right thing when nobody's watching. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders do not need to convince others of their greatness; the quality of their #leadership is self-evident. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
Thankful for family, friends, for the opportunity to have worn the uniform and serve with the best, to live where our blessings exceed our ability to count them. #HappyThanksgiving
“True humility is not thinking less of yourself; it is thinking of yourself less” (Rick Warren). Thankful for the mentors I’ve had in my life. #Leadership
To solve any of the problems we face—climate, economics, national security—we must harvest knowledge, listen, and generate #inclusion. #IfTheWorldWereListening #RadicalInclusion
When is the last time you allowed a subordinate to change your mind about something? #RadicalInclusion #Leadership https://t.co/yrSpZdC5dO
“Education is not the filling of a pail, but rather the lighting of a fire” (Yeats). Same with leadership. Not the assertion of authority, but rather the lighting of a fire. #Leadership
We think that we've got something important to say, the experiences to back it up, and the stories to bring it to life. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/cUeMPuV29g
Great leaders are thankful, thankful for the privilege of leading, for the opportunity to inspire, for the responsibility to explain, for the chance to build trust. They focus us on the future, where hope waits. #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: giving those who follow you the freedom to succeed. #RelinquishControl #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. We would caution against non-inclusive solutions to complex problems. Because they create the next problem. Because they rarely endure. #RadicalInclusion
Great #leaders "seek balance and progress; lack of it eventually finds imbalance and frustration" -Eisenhower. #RadicalInclusion
The pillars of democracy are Justice, Free Press, and Fair Elections. These must be honored and protected. The pillars are fortified by education, equality, and trust. These must prioritized and encouraged. #Leadership
Great #leaders have and are always alert to where their moral compass is pointing. #BiasForAction #RadicalInclusion
Great #leaders clarify not confuse. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: choosing to get the job done AND be a good person. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: a warrior's heart, an immigrant's spirit, and a servant's soul. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
#IfTheWorldWereListening. We’d explain that when thinking about leadership, think more about “we” and less about “I,” more about responsibility and less about authority, more about building trust and less about building a resume. #RadicalInclusion
Thanks NBA for a special week of celebration with Veterans: Hoops for Troops, Commitment to Service, Jr. NBA. Also for steadfast support to survivors @TAPSorg. The best athletes in the world teamed with the best military in the world!
#RadicalInclusion - Trust is the Answer.
No greater privilege than wearing the uniform and serving our fellow citizens. Happy Veterans Day to all who have had that privilege.  Continue to serve! #MakeItMatter
Control is seductive because it creates the perception of power. #RelinquishControl #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/K1qD8nTJfH
What if the world were listening? We would emphasize things that make us similar not things that make us different. To demonstrate empathy, encourage cooperation, and build trust. #RadicalInclusion
Great to see the national launch today of this "cross-partisan" org @WithHonor founded by vets to get more next-generation vets elected to Congress. https://t.co/rl3soS0pcI
#Leadership: helping balance personal ambition and what's best for the team. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership. Timeless leadership advice that “it is not the Oath that makes us believe the man, but the man the Oath” (Aeschylus, Circa 500 BC).
What if the world were listening?  Suggest that as we double the characters, we halve the anger, and open our minds twice as wide. #Leadership #RadicalInclusion
Great #leaders eat last, sleep least, and listen longest. #CocreationOfContext #Radicalnclusion
Hard to find new words when tragedies occur so frequently. Sorrow, shock, and outrage. We pray for the innocent and for inspiration.
#Leadership: deep commitment to expertise, genuine humility, and moral courage. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
Great #leaders simply make those around them better. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
The fairness, independence, and credibility of U.S. “rule of law” sets us apart. With it we build relationships on trust at Home and Abroad.
#Leadership: remaining approachable. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
#Leaders don’t dwell on their personal accomplishments; they dwell on the accomplishments of their team. #Include #CocreateContext
#Leadership: helping balance personal ambition and what's best for the team. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
In 1893, Yeats reminded himself and others to slow down and take the time to reflect. And in 2017? https://t.co/aObINEExzI #RadicalInclusion
Great #leaders appreciate all ideas and want to be surprised by a few. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
The global battle for faith, trust, and hope raging in social media continues. Must compete, integrate, inspire, include. #RadicalInclusion
Great #leaders give credit and accept blame. #RelinquishControl #RadicalInclusion
ISIS evolved from a group to a movement to a meme. Requires persistent, consistent, multi-domain pressure. Bless NYC victims and responders.
Great leaders are sense-makers. Stance: prepared, confident, alert, mindful. Balance: poised, inclusive, agile, resilient. #Leadership
Dick Cavasos the finest leader I ever met. Fierce warrior with a huge heart. Said battle—and life—is a matter of “stance and balance.” RIP
RT @starsandstripes: At one point, Cavazos commanded all soldiers in the continental U.S. https://t.co/PdYuxt6Fv2
#Leader: A title that defines, motivates, and inspires those privileged to bear it.  Earned. Measured both by what’s accomplished and how.
Smart and talented isn’t enough. The most effective leaders have curiosity, creativity, imagination. #LearnToImagine
Da Vinci, Franklin, Einstein, Kissinger others who have demonstrated genius have one thing in common: Passionate Curiosity. #LearnToImagine
Heard China claims to be “role model” for the world. Nope. The world has a role model. Unless we talk ourselves out of it. #GlobalLeadership
Leaders demonstrate expertise in their role, listen, are notably humble, and act with courage even when no one is watching. #Leadership
Leadership is an around-the clock activity, in big things and in small. Great leaders use all of the “unforgiving minute.” #GiveThemMemories
Leadership: Many show us what success looks like. Leaders show us what right looks like. #MakeItMatter
Great leaders are inclusive because they should be and because it means better results. They lead all with equal fervor. #RadicalInclusion
Leaders who truly understand the responsibilities of leadership and the complexity of their task are humbled by it. #RadicalInclusion
Leadership isn’t 1-upsmanship.The last word only matters if it produces lasting results.Loud doesn’t last.Inclusion lasts. #RadicalInclusion
Leaders know they can’t always control what happens but they can control how they react. Best are positive, poised, inclusive #Leadership
In a world where digital echoes make facts vulnerable, #leaders must be credible, reliable sense makers. #ListenAmplifyInclude
Great #leaders produce--not drain--energy. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
One measure of leaders is the thickness of their skin.  Another is the thickness of the walls of their heart. #RadicalInclusion
Great #leaders develop a #BiasForAction. https://t.co/i4M3CljwWb #RadicalInclusion
We think that we have something important to say, the stories to bring it to life, and the experiences to back it up. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/037VCjckov
Spoke on #leadership, North Korea, and even poetry on the @NPR @drshow https://t.co/10RfrJVNDh https://t.co/MTA13El7M0
Great #leaders produce--not drain--energy. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
The opposite of trust is suspicion, doubt, jealousy, exclusion. Decisions imposed that won’t last, executed without enthusiasm. #leadership
Leadership is trust and trust is leadership.  The special sauce. Listening, learning, empathy, understanding, including, #RadicalInclusion
Leadership: a warrior’s heart, an immigrant’s spirit, and a servant’s soul. #RadicalInclusion
POTUS 43 &amp; 44 and first ladies cared deeply, worked tirelessly for the serving, the fallen, and their families. Not politics. Sacred Trust.
Time for steady.  Puerto Rico, Wild Fires, Budget, Anthem, Iran, North Korea, Cyber Security. Solvable with leadership and #RadicalInclusion
Great #leaders share the spotlight. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
Great #leaders know it's both what you accomplish and how that matters. #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion
#Leadership: blending egos, not eliminating them. #CocreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion
Facing multiple, complex security challenges, we need our allies; we need to control the clock; we need to be consistent. #RadicalInclusion
A Lesson in #Leadership: Develop a Bias for Action. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/QsOD7nnsjP
Great leaders have an insatiable appetite for learning. #LearntoImagine #RadicalInclusion
A new #leadership challenge: Leading in the Era of the #DigitalEcho https://t.co/PqWPuESVcY
Leadership is above all caring. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
Effective leaders lower their volume so others can be heard. Ideas flow to where they are welcome. #Co-createContext  #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders make people feel like they belong. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
Clearer, fiercer leadership is quiet and thoughtful, resolute but restrained, consistent and inclusive, decisive but adaptive. #Leadership
Bureaucracies are a safety net. They exist to ensure things don't go badly wrong. Solid, pragmatic, inclusive ideas get through. #Leadership
The most effective leaders--those who inspire their followers--compliment them in public and criticize them in private. #RadicalInclusion
#RadicalInclusion - Clearer, Fiercer Leadership
Learn To Imagine: https://t.co/04iMkexVZ3 #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
On working with my co-author, @oribrafman  https://t.co/EQsmZQIdsQ #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders think about the impact of decisions from the bottom-up. #CocreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders centralize the what and decentralize the how. #RelinquishControlPreservePower #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders decide how they're going to decide. #BiasForAction #RadicalInclusion
To learn, leaders must listen.  To those who agree and those who disagree.  To compliments and criticisms. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders keep learning. They have to--to fulfill their role as sense-makers for all who rely on them. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
Unimaginable evil met undaunted courage in Las Vegas. God bless the dead, the wounded, their families, and responders.
Great leaders are motivated by results not reviews, accomplishments not accolades, humility not hubris. #MakeItMatter  #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders make it clear that disagreement isn't considered disloyalty. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
Leaders set the tone. Rules matter but so do perceptions. Laws matter but so do ethics. #TrustMatters #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders know it's both what you accomplish and how that matters. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders work to connect to all of their followers. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
Bonnie Carroll @TAPSorg with the right message of support, trust, and hope. Her voice deserves to be heard. #MakeItMatter
RT @TAPSorg: A Message from TAPS Founder and President Bonnie Carroll. 	#WednesdayWisdom https://t.co/lDlAKFatpK
#RadicalInclusion - Have You Listened Today?
Make It Matter. https://t.co/9FMFp5Jb4z #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
Rituals are important. But they are not what's most important. Trust is most important. And it must be earned. Everyday. #RadicalInclusion
Less trust today than when I wrote Anthem OP-ED a year ago. Megaphones can't bring it back. Listening and Inclusion can. #RadicalInclusion
Leadership: gaining a group commitment to individual sacrifice. #RelinquishControlPreservePower #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders constantly look for ways to make their message more inclusive and more persuasive. #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
I often walked through Arlington Cemetery. With awe. Such sacrifice. For all. By all. Our sacred trust. #MakeItMatter#Radical Inclusion
To provoke or persuade.  A leader's choice.  Only one produces meaningful, lasting results. #MakeItMatter#RadicalInclusion
Leaders understand their responsibilities, focus on what's most important, and  are a consistent, calming influence. #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders use ambiguity but avoid unpredictability. #CocreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders accept process but rebel against paralysis. #BiasForAction #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders can usually be described in a single, positive word. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
Make It Matter. https://t.co/ycyARugQfh #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
The poet Maya Angelou had it right. People don't remember what you said;they remember how you made them feel. #GiveThemMemories
The measures of a leader that matter are how much confidence they inspire and how much trust they accumulate. #RadicalInclusion
Leadership: lighting someone's fire by your example. #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
#RadicalInclusion - Leading So It Matters
Give Them Memories. https://t.co/DD6ilupJ3I #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders Listen, Amplify, and Include (in that order). #ListenAmplifyInclude #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders continually question the relationship of power and control. #RelinquishControlPreservePower #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders want to know what their most junior member knows. #CocreationOfContext #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders have a bias for action. #BiasForAction #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders "see" with more than just their eyes. #LearnToImagine #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders understand that it is the highest privilege to lead. #MakeItMatter #RadicalInclusion
We grieve the victims, honor their survivors, and celebrate our heroes 16 years later. We are inspired to come together now as we did then.
Give Them Memories: https://t.co/jlbVg7qmyP #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
The conscience of effective leadership is empathy.  Showing compassion for all who count on you.
The soul of effective leadership is Inclusion. Respect and value difference and diversity. #RadicalInclusion
The heart of effective leadership is Trust. Sharing ownership, responsibility, and accountability. #RelinquishControlPreservePower
The brain of effective leadership is Context. Learn from every part of the organization. #CoCreationofContext
The pulse of effective leadership is Action. Control the clock. #BiasForAction
The spark of effective leadership is Imagination. Of all possible leadership failures, failure to imagine is the greatest. #LearnToImagine
The cornerstone of effective leadership is Character. Doing what's right, because it's right. #MakeItMatter
The foundation of effective leadership is Belonging. One Team, One Fight. #GiveThemMemories
A leader's legacy isn't statistics, policies, or a bottom line. It's people and whether they are inspired to be better by you. #MakeItMatter
RIP 13-year-old Howell Brown III.  You showed us the meaning of courage, trust, and love.  We should all be more like you. #HB3andMe
...even more important, they understand that inclusion creates opportunity and exclusion creates vulnerability. #RadicalInclusion
...and they are "sense makers" who clarify and unify to give us confidence and to inspire us to action. #ListenAmplifyInclude
Great leaders are uncommonly articulate. #listenamplifyinclude #radicalinclusion
Nature shows us again that our natural state is dependence on each other.  God bless those suffering and those supporting. #HarveyWon'tWin
Great leaders share the spotlight. #listenamplifyinclude #radicalinclusion
Listen, Amplify, Include. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/2K0pQuQF5p
Leadership: helping balance personal ambition and what's best for the team. #listenamplifyinclude #radicalinclusion
Of all human interactions, the one that takes the most thought, preparation, empathy, humility, and courage is leadership.#RadicalInclusion
Eclipse 2017. Must not allow bigotry and hate to eclipse the values that hold us together: Freedom, Respect, Compassion,Trust. #ShineThrough
Leadership is measured in trust. Good leaders know it must be earned. Great leaders know it must be earned again and again.#RadicalInclusion
Book coming soon! #RadicalInclusion  https://t.co/1P60mFoLku
Great leaders appreciate all ideas and want to be surprised by a few. #listenamplifyinclude #radicalinclusion
Leadership: Doing what's right just because it's right... for the benefit of all entrusted to your care. #RadicalInclusion
We've joined forces. #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/WvKK21FKgl
The answer to intolerance... the answer to mistrust... the imperative of effective leadership is... #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders are surprisingly articulate: a reflection of their commitment to learning. #ListenAmplifyInclude #radicalInclusion
N Korea: Not just our problem. Security priority 3 or 4. We control the clock. Need steady, calculated, creative, inclusive leadership.
Great leaders constantly look for ways to make their message more inclusive and more persuasive. #listenamplifyinclude #radicalinclusion
Great leaders Listen, Amplify, and Include (in that order). #listenamplifyinclude #radicalinclusion
Proud of NBA Coaches, Players, Referees, Staff giving their time to Basketball Without Borders in South Africa.  #BWBAfrica #MakeItMatter
Leadership Principle #6: Relinquish Control to Preserve Power. #RelinquishControl #RadicalInclusion  https://t.co/zVk0sHeAyx
The service of men and women who volunteer and who meet our standards of service is a blessing not a burden #InclusionMakesUsStronger
Leadership: giving those who follow you the freedom to succeed. #relinquishingcontrol #radicalinclusion
Leadership: stepping into uncertainty confident your team can deal with whatever comes their way. #relinquishingcontrol #radicalinclusion
Leadership: built on a foundation of optimism, an open mind, and trust. #relinquishingcontrol #radicalinclusion
Senator John McCain: Patriot, Public Servant, Champion of National Security.  God Bless You, Sir.
A few words on #RelinquishingControl #RadicalInclusion https://t.co/LDJgaOB8X9
Great leaders need not convince others of their greatness; it is self-evident. #NelsonMandelaDay
Great leaders give credit and accept blame. #relinquishingcontrol #radicalinclusion
Great leaders know it's both what you accomplish and how that matters. #relinquishingcontrol #radicalinclusion
Great leaders centralize the what and decentralize the how. #relinquishingcontrol #radicalinclusion
What makes it work: gaining a group commitment to individual sacrifice #HappyIndependenceDay #radicalinclusion
Great leaders continually question the relationship of power and control. #relinquishingcontrol #radicalinclusion
New article on #leadership posted today on @LinkedIn: https://t.co/kn12hqXr1N  #cocreationofcontext #radicalinclusion
Great leaders think about the impact of decisions from the bottom-up. #cocreationofcontext #radicalinclusion
Upcoming book: https://t.co/tI40dw5aVJ @oribrafman #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders are surprisingly patient provided they see sincere effort. #cocreationofcontext #radicalinclusion
Great leaders allow their minds to be changed. #cocreationofcontext #radicalinclusion
Fathers-Leaders stoic about themselves; emotional about their Families-Teams. #HappyFathersDay
Great leaders "seek balance and progress; lack of it eventually finds imbalance and frustration" - Eisenhower. #radicalinclusion
Great leaders eat last, sleep least, and listen longest. #cocreationofcontext #radicalinclusion
Leadership: vision + communication  + relationships + feedback. #cocreationofcontext #radicalinclusion
Leadership: blending egos, not eliminating them. #cocreationofcontext #radicalinclusion
Video: Joining Forces with @oribrafman: https://t.co/WKxbxhDhST  #RadicalInclusion #upcomingbook
Great leaders use ambiguity but avoid unpredictability. #cocreationofcontext #radicalinclusion
Great leaders want to know what their most junior member knows. #cocreationofcontext #radicalinclusion
Leadership Principle #4: A Bias for Action. Read my new article here: https://t.co/mIEY6ib5Vc  #RadicalInclusion #BiasForAction
They served for many reasons; they died for one.  Every day, in big ways and in small ways, make it matter. #memorialday #makeitmatter
They served for many reasons.  They died for one. #MemorialDay #MakeItMatter
God Bless my TAPS family on this Memorial Day and always. #YouAreNotAlone https://t.co/NdGnkKhlmx
Great leaders have a moral compass and are always alert to where it's pointing. #biasforaction #radicalinclusion
Great leaders "manage the clock" and distinguish the urgent from the important. #biasforaction #radicalinclusion
Great leaders demonstrate grace under pressure (Italian _sprezzatura). #biasforaction #radicalinclusion
What is a bias for action? Why is it important? https://t.co/99nIVs1gZV #leadership #biasforaction #radicalinclusion
Great leaders decide how they're going to decide. #biasforaction #radicalinclusion
Mothers are the most natural leaders: fiercely loving yet relentless to ensure their children's success without them. #HappyMothersDay
Leadership: In decision-making, how, when, and what are equally important. #biasforaction #radicalinclusion
Leadership: Power shared is power preserved.
Great leaders accept process but rebel against paralysis. #biasforaction #radicalinclusion
Leadership thought on Derby Day.  "The horse never knows I'm there until he needs me" (Jockey Bill Shoemaker).
Want updates and info on my upcoming book? Text LEADER18 to 444999. #radicalinclusion @oribrafman
Great leaders have a bias for action. #biasforaction #radicalinclusion
Just published: "Learn to Imagine" by Gen. Martin E. Dempsey: https://t.co/nitSdbn7Gg   #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders leave "white space" on their calendars and require others do the same. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders clarify not confuse. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Leadership: deep commitment to expertise, genuine humility, and moral courage. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders learn to become comfortable with complexity and to be wary of simplicity. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders are sense-makers. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders learn to challenge assumptions and to ask the right questions. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders learn to connect disparate thoughts and to become uncommonly articulate. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders learn to find advisors who will challenge them, encourage them, surprise them. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders have an insatiable appetite for learning. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders make it clear that disagreement isn't considered disloyalty. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders learn to avoid becoming complacent with information affirming their beliefs. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders can usually be described in a single, positive word. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders learn to listen and to want to know what the most junior member of their team knows. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
Great leaders "see" with more than just their eyes. #learntoimagine #radicalinclusion
My newest piece: "Leadership Principle 2: Make It Matter" Click here to read: https://t.co/5sJRjcpSSa
Great leaders are sense-makers. #makeitmatter #radicalinclusion
Great leaders make people feel that their contributions matter. #makeitmatter
Leadership: a privilege--not an entitlement. #makeitmatter #radicalinclusion
Thanks @USABaseball  For representing us, respecting your opponents, and winning the World Classic. Proud of you.
Great leaders understand that it is the highest privilege to lead. #makeitmatter #radicalinclusion
Leadership: attentive to both the good of the organization and the good of the individual. #makeitmatter #radicalinclusion
Thankful my Irish grandparents had the courage and tenacity to come to the US to find a better life... and to make America better. #thankyou
The co-author of my upcoming book, @oribrafman , on making it matter: https://t.co/d1pdRzx7id   #makeitmatter #radicalinclusion
A Warrior's Heart, an Immigrant's Optimism, and a Servant's Soul: https://t.co/rlFSHFOKhs  #radicalinclusion
Leadership: choosing to get the job done AND be a good person. #makeitmatter #radicalinclusion
Great leaders simply make those around them better. #makeitmatter #radicalinclusion
Great leaders never have a bad day. #makeitmatter #radicalinclusion
Leadership is above all caring. #makeitmatter #radicalinclusion
Leadership: doing the right thing when nobody's watching. #makeitmatter #radicalinclusion
Leadership theme for the month of February = Give Them Memories. Why it's so important and how to do so: https://t.co/yBL6bqvkQZ
Great leaders are stoic about themselves but emotional about their team. #givethemmemories #radicalinclusion
Leadership Principle #1: Give Them Memories. Read the article on here: https://t.co/R6Kvmf6e31   #givethemmemories #radicalinclusion https://t.co/5haN6pBvWP
Great leaders need not convince others of their greatness; the quality of leadership is self-evident. #givethemmemories #radicalinclusion
Great leaders inspire others to want to be like them. #givethemmemories #radicalinclusion
Leadership: the sum of a warrior's heart, an immigrant's spirit, and a servant's soul. #givethemmemories #radicalinclusion
Leaders should be our "ThunderShirts"--not the source of our anxiety. #givethemmemories #radicalinclusion
Leadership: remaining approachable. #givethemmemories #radicalinclusion
Great leaders produce--not drain--energy. #givethemmemories #radicalinclusion
Watch the video: https://t.co/GGtqra7be4   #GiveThemMemories #RadicalInclusion
Great leaders work to connect to all of their followers. #givethemmemories #radicalinclusion
Leadership: lighting someone's fire by your example. #givethemmemories #radicalinclusion
Great leaders make people feel like they belong. #givethemmemories #radicalinclusion
RT @DukeMBB: "Leaders defy gravity."  		🇺🇸 Big thanks to GEN(R) @Martin_Dempsey for speaking to the squad after practice today. 🇺🇸 https://…
If the world were listening, I would say there's more that brings us together than there is that tears us apart: https://t.co/pgEZQst6xi
Congratulations Coach Geno Auriemma on another impressive milestone with the UCONN Lady Huskies.  Real, positive, consistent leadership!
Intelligence is hard, thankless work.  Fortunately, we have dedicated, patriotic, and courageous men and women on the job.  Thanks.
If the world were listening, I would say there's more that brings us together than there is that tears us apart: https://t.co/pgEZQsKHoQ https://t.co/riKF7zvjfc
Fallen Soldier and escort on our flight to Raleigh today.  So sad; so inspirational.  Reminds what "thanks for your service" can mean. RIP.
Good luck, Coach Capel.  We have total confidence in your leadership.  Go Blue Devils!
Your recuperative powers are mighty, Coach K.  We look forward to your return!
Congrats to Coach Geno Auriemma for another well-deserved USA Basketball Coach of the Year Award
My final post: https://t.co/jkVlmdDMR3
I share some thoughts on the military instrument of power. Watch the video here:  https://t.co/Pm2BxfMk3w
Today we remember and resolve to stay committed to the values that define us as Americans. https://t.co/En6FfpDVvq
Thank you @GENRayOdierno for serving our Army &amp; nation. We wish you &amp; Linda the best in retirement and welcome GEN Mark Milley as 39th CSA.
Today I met with two spectacular teams: the men &amp; women of @NellisAFB and the @usabasketball team and leadership. https://t.co/ZEump16bal
Happy 225th birthday to @USCG! Deanie and I are proud of all you do. Semper Paratus. #CG225 https://t.co/TbCaLxpRlF
I just completed a great visit to the @ResoluteSupport team in Kabul and Camp Integrity: https://t.co/MVTWnM3a22
I was honored to spend a few hours with some true American heroes on the front lines of our fight against ISIL https://t.co/lvOE5pMNiu
2015 Nat'l Mil Strategy addresses global dynamics &amp; ensures that our force remains the best led, trained &amp; equipped: https://t.co/nut6mRnH5s
I'm hosting my next Facebook town hall Wed. 10:15-10:45 AM. Leave your questions on my page: https://t.co/WPitogr982
150 years ago, my favorite poet, W.B. Yeats, was born. Learn more about his works and legacy: http://t.co/tAWo3u950b #YeatsDay
I support the nominations of @GenDunford as my successor as CJCS &amp; General Paul Selva as the next VCJCS: https://t.co/eGAHS6sx79
Schedule changes here prevent me from holding my Facebook Townhall today. Look forward to discussing Tues. 2:00 PM https://t.co/2XQvk37nr1
Looking forward to answering your questions on Facebook Thurs. 3:15-3:45 PM EST. https://t.co/JOcIYWCeb0 http://t.co/59EXpDT1Wv
The President's Budget for Fiscal Year 2016 reverses the decline in national defense spending of the past 5 years: https://t.co/e5KwWIiYV6
Today, the Military Compensation &amp; Retirement Modernization Commission released its recommendations to Congress: https://t.co/i9Ie0Gk57o
Serving in Saudi Arabia more than a decade ago, I had the opportunity to get to know King Abdullah: https://t.co/XFU9fVyq79
Just completed what was unquestionably the most important meeting of NATO military leaders since I became Chairman: https://t.co/vmURnK6Z45
After a very productive visit with my Italian counterpart, I stood in the shadow of the Arch of Septimius Severus: https://t.co/Gij1S0sMHL
I’m in Williamsburg this morning talking with freshmen congressmen about our military &amp; some of our most pressing national security issues.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the French people following today's terrorist attack in Paris.
View my comments on this extraordinarily busy year as we move quickly towards 2015 https://t.co/dXbi4ZbJUB
Great recap of @the_USO tour by @Nationals' @dougfister58. Thanks for joining us &amp; Happy Holidays, Doug. http://t.co/wftoVI5TmN
Seventy years ago today Hitler's forces launched a major surprise attack on U.S. and allied troops in the Ardennes: https://t.co/E3eHwL7xJk
Hear my thoughts on the 114th Army-Navy football Game tomorrow. #GoArmy! #BeatNavy!  https://t.co/cBzCp3H4M6
I'll answer your questions during a Facebook Town Hall Thursday from 1:00-1:30 PM EST: https://t.co/CJbuxOdQdx
The Joint Chiefs and I have been proud to serve under the leadership of Secretary Hagel. https://t.co/Y7aInYu4Tu
This weekend I spent time with our team serving in Iraq and with our Iraqi partners: http://t.co/71PhlVJwPJ
On Veterans Day, we recognize the military service of our vets but also the national treasure we have in them. http://t.co/o3h8n6dFBN
Ever since the call went out 239 years ago that "two battalions of Marines be raised," the @USMC has served w/ pride https://t.co/NZnuEgLtbh
Looking forward to speaking at @carnegiecouncil. Tune in at 9:45 AM EST here: http://t.co/VHRCz6Fxds
Our deepest condolences are with our Canadian allies &amp; families of those killed in the recent attacks on their soil https://t.co/HMSI97yPgG
The Joint Chiefs are committed to protecting our service members as we deploy them to West Africa: http://t.co/mR7UVvFV5L
I'm meeting with counterparts from 21 nations to discuss coalition efforts in the ongoing campaign against ISIL: https://t.co/qBrmypoEYi
Today's decision by the Afghan government to approve the Bilateral Security Agreement is a welcome one: http://t.co/8LGB28gGfJ
I read Robert Kaplan's book "Asia's Cauldron" and like his other books found it well-written and thought-provoking: http://t.co/s0vk7LlRXQ
Accompanied by General Pierre de Villiers, I visited the American Military Cemetery in Normandy: https://t.co/JXsiaNiUp1
Congratulations to @usabasketball on their gold medal performance at the World Championships. http://t.co/dFXV6XZr1o
I know our force &amp; families have a lot on their minds. Ask a question on Facebook and I’ll answer Thurs. 2:15-2:45 PM http://t.co/snS4FvcIZy
Departing the ISAF change of command, I looked down from my UH-60 on the crowded streets and bright lights of Kabul: http://t.co/ZwGvfAwJjJ
Representing the USA around the globe is one of the great privileges we have as members of our Armed Forces: http://t.co/zWhx96TV7C
Over the past couple of days, our service members have been airdropping critically-needed food and water: http://t.co/Ne1JcMP2vM
We serve, and where we serve we are often at risk: http://t.co/2LBzuUxwB9
Happy 224th birthday to the @USCG! https://t.co/zMwxaAHkil
Those who serve our country in uniform wish Paul George a speedy recovery from the injury suffered while competing: http://t.co/zsFpv2LfvW
This week, I had a great discussion with our partners at @USAID as part of their "Lessons in Leadership" series: https://t.co/r0eQOh7itb
Speaking at @AspenSecurity on balancing the use of the military instrument of power 7:30 PM EST. Tune in: http://t.co/ztmlMzoALg
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of those aboard Flight MH17.
Remembering the life of Louis Zamperini, soldier and inspiration for the book “Unbroken”: 	http://t.co/gRvkaWHX6B
Many of you have served in Iraq or know friends and family who made great sacrifices there: http://t.co/0tdn5TW1Se
Over the weekend, U.S. military forces in support of the U.S. Department of Justice, captured Ahmed Abu Khatallah: http://t.co/uzWj1u3orO
70 years ago today, 160,000 American &amp; Allied partners landed at Normandy and changed the course of the war in Europe http://t.co/mqdMlorCOr
Yesterday, we lost Chester Nez, the last surviving Navajo Code Talker. Listen to his incredible story: http://t.co/YFJcIzY9FW
It is our ethos that we never leave a fallen comrade. Welcome home SGT Bowe Bergdahl.
GEN(R) Rick Shinseki gave his all in the service of his nation.  He will be missed.
Our nation lost a treasure with the passing of Maya Angelou. She'll be missed. http://t.co/jXRa6n2zJu
My thoughts on future military support in Afghanistan: http://t.co/wcjhCf2wb7
In his poem "Easter 1916" Yeats wrote: "All changed, changed utterly: A terrible beauty is born." http://t.co/2roZYvZK1n
I talked &amp; sang w/ some enormously special people: the surviving families of fallen service members at @TAPS4America http://t.co/9t4nqWFNfC
On this Military Spouse Appreciation Day, we thank you for the talents, character &amp; sacrifices: http://t.co/d3jgjdz6Tu
Hosting a leadership discussion today w/ @JayBilas &amp; 7 @USABasketball &amp; NCAA coaches at 1:30 PM. You can watch here: http://t.co/kZStkDzMeM
Congratulations to Joint Staff Civilian of the Year, Penny Powell. Job well done! http://t.co/ouSkHBroc0
Our men and women serving in Afghanistan continue to demonstrate a remarkable sense duty and resolve: http://t.co/qMfHazCzuz
Take a moment to honor the bravery, camaraderie &amp; friendship of our Australian &amp; New Zealand partners on ANZAC Day. #lestweforget
In Poland &amp; in the context of continuing turmoil in Ukraine, 173rd ABCT soldiers are training with Polish forces: http://t.co/zuJgdRweyR
@ARobles125 Great to meet you too! Best of luck and keep inspiring others.
An update on the Joint Information Environment from our J-6 LTG Mark Bowman: http://t.co/xhH4SDbG1j
My thoughts on today’s election in Afghanistan: http://t.co/tLBAbFTIhC
April 5, 1945 marked the first meeting of Gold Star Wives. http://t.co/g4CqrP6nUC
During my visits with senior Israeli officials I assured them that they do not face their security challenges alone: https://t.co/qpJDlGJWRf
On this day in 1863 the first Medals of Honor were given to six Union Soldiers for their actions during Andrews' Raid http://t.co/HLU3EJurKW
I enjoyed answering your questions during my 1st Facebook Town Hall in Dec. &amp; will be back Thur. to answer more: http://t.co/01OS5V6laU
First, I want to thank you for sharing your thoughts on the proposed defense budget. I appreciate your candor: http://t.co/xlrKu2Cgpg
I spent yesterday in Afghanistan meeting with our troops and commanders. As always, I was inspired by them: http://t.co/spvhTbYA97
Great talk with @EvansRyan202 &amp; @JasonFritz1 from @WarOnTheRocks on profession, strategy &amp; more. Listen here: http://t.co/a5q4oU5Gb2
Today, the Secretary &amp; I previewed the defense budget including proposed changes to pay, compensation, &amp; healthcare: http://t.co/Ly7Sr6kRXk
Glad to welcome Lt Gen Michelle Johnson, superintendent of @AF_Academy to Twitter. Follow her at @USAFA_Supt.
@DavidCloudLAT To be clear, in just one year we have opened 57K combat positions (or jobs) or women.
@DavidCloudLAT great question. 57,000 women are serving in combat jobs now.
One year ago this month, we repealed the combat exclusion on women in the military: http://t.co/Jx5iBc2GXO
The Joint Chiefs, our senior enlisted leaders, and I support grandfathering any changes to military retirement: http://t.co/xGo1AzJhpi
Download your copy of my 2nd Term Strategic Direction to the Joint Force: http://t.co/ZBu5NTFhkc
@MarkMelsonUSN thanks for the kind words and for your service. Best of luck at @NDU_EDU this year.
My most sacred obligation is to ensure that our men and women in uniform are trained and equipped to win decisively: http://t.co/0qv6zeSfoU
@ronstauffer That truly was a special event; thanks for the kind words and for getting involved. Best wishes and Happy Holidays!
Thoughtful words from .@Nationals Adam LaRoche who was a part of our USO tour. Thanks for joining us: http://t.co/Oni7vy1PVR
Glad to have been a part of today's rollout of "Backbone of the Armed Forces." Download a copy: http://t.co/T8SICmm2qw
No better way to close out our tour with @the_USO than with the #ArmyNavyGame! Go Army! Beat Navy!
Heading back to the U.S. after a truly inspiring eight days visiting our troops. http://t.co/NdoXgAWCyQ
Wishing the Citizen-Soldiers and Airmen of the @USNationalGuard a Happy 377th Birthday! http://t.co/SGgeGOzeNU
If you missed my Facebook town hall, read all of my responses here: http://t.co/q2y9ihPwrG
ADM Winnefeld &amp; I join @AmbassadorPower &amp; Sec Kerry among other leaders in support of the Treaty on Disabilities: http://t.co/KdfShutZyo
Fantastic opening USO Show last night on Crete for our Sailors--including those from the  USS Stout: http://t.co/iLwy7I59UD
Beginning my Facebook town hall - join me at http://t.co/NCgdpyZ1YY
Remembering T.R. Fehrenbach's contributions as a historian and writer who inspired many in our military profession http://t.co/gQzeEmJeGz
Hosting my first Facebook Town Hall on Thur. 1:45-2:15 PM EST. I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts: https://t.co/U7Yb3C8QWD
@genoauriemma Thanks for the kind words, Coach. Hope you and your family had a great	holiday too.
Thanksgiving is a time to reflect on the blessings in our lives. http://t.co/USGDdmGRYn
On this day in 1863 in Gettysburg, President Lincoln delivered one of the most powerful speeches in American history: http://t.co/OquIQdUOCo
As a nation, we can approach 2025 with the strength our nation deserves:  http://t.co/gKpwxZ7S4y @ronaldreagan40 #RNDF
On this Veterans Day, I've shared my thoughts on the traits that make our veterans, and our nation, strong: http://t.co/7alqY8E8T9
I'm proud to serve among the men and women who exemplify competence and character -- Happy 238th to the @USMC http://t.co/IyImDt6BP3
Spent 2 days focusing on veterans &amp; engaging with/learning from experts in finance, cyber security, foreign affairs: http://t.co/bBf1PfRq9N
Great time at @Stand4Heroes &amp; thanks to all who tuned in to my Google+	Hangout: http://t.co/vTWqeCsNuQ
@OIFVetDave thanks for your service and the encouraging words. Hope retirement is treating you well.
@moore_crouch Thanks for sharing the photo! Team and I had a great time at Duke.
For the past two years, I've had the privilege to serve as the 18th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff: http://t.co/ozgKR7o3Rj
Thankful for Dr. Carter's service. He's a leader &amp; friend to DOD and our Armed Forces: http://t.co/dLo6Qwix1B
I regret that our government has shut down: http://t.co/9nS8iIpCim
@iliza is a talented comedian who visited deployed troops with @the_USO last Dec. Watch her touching 9-11 msg: http://t.co/oqCEtVq2ch
September 11th will always stand apart: https://t.co/VL4e9ca58N
Congratulations to the winners of the 2013 Newman's Own Awards: http://t.co/KZUwGUqyqJ
This morning at 10 AM, Sec Kerry, Sec Hagel &amp; I will testify before the HASC on Syria. You can watch at http://t.co/03ozXmfCmz
For almost two weeks, first responder and the CA National Guard have been battling a wildfire near Yosemite: http://t.co/qcf6etNejT
Returned from Jordan where GEN Austin &amp; I met with allies, regional partners to discuss Syria and its regional impact http://t.co/JxQA1RiAXy
Today, we recognized @USArmy SSG Ty Carter who received the Medal of Honor for his actions at COP Keating: http://t.co/4Prjno95aS
@pburkevt Thanks for sharing the photo. Tom was a great friend to our family and he's always in our hearts. Deanie &amp; I send our best.
Great to be back in Israel for the fourth time since I've been the Chairman: http://t.co/INJWA58BU7
I'm glad to share with you that civilian furloughs have been reduced from 11 to 6 days:  http://t.co/W1FRUMNqAo
Happy 223rd birthday to the @USCG! You're a part of our team and we're proud to serve with you. Semper Paratus! http://t.co/f71WyWnST4
Sat down with @MarthaRaddatz for @ThisWeekABC this morning to discuss a range of issues. Show airs Sunday, check local listings for times.
Humbled by the Senate's reconfirmation &amp; the opportunity to serve as Chairman for another 2 years. Thanks for supporting me and my family.
I want to give a heart-felt “Well Done and Welcome Home” to the airmen of the 4th Special Operations Squadron: http://t.co/I2y8nwMEmr
@patrickhermann @BenJayAdler @EltonArmady @forosha_7 @TheRealMattBrau @Valerie_Hanna thanks for the tweets, enjoyed talking to you today!
Our DOD civilian teammates began furloughs this week: http://t.co/CaJhYjnXMm
Deanie and I joined the fans at Nationals Park to celebrate our Nation's independence http://t.co/FNfBeEL0mv
On this day 150 years ago, the Battle of Gettysburg drew to a close with Pickett’s Charge: http://t.co/bGnEz2tbVR
This week marks the 40th anniversary since our Nation instituted the All-Volunteer Force.  http://t.co/nXcFtz62Yj
Speaking at @BrookingsFP at 1030 on cybersecurity. Although the event is full, you can follow #GenDempsey for updates throughout.
On @ForeignAffairs, I wrote about the future of joint operations. Tell me what you think: http://t.co/PTqbWz1ccU
Yesterday, we lost a talented actor and advocate for our service members. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Gandolfini family.
For fans, like me, of James Joyce's "Ulysses," today marks Bloomsday: http://t.co/QSEpjk9tFf
Happy Father's Day to the dads in our military family: http://t.co/2gqlnPvURn
Happy 238th birthday to the @USArmy! http://t.co/ikOtUswRXj
Thanks for your comments to my Monday post. I was pleased with the diversity of responses: http://t.co/mB52XrqGD3
@starsandstripes @LeoShane Thanks for spurring this conversation. Talked about this last Oct at K State. Looking forward to your next topic.
What do you think America needs to know about our veterans? http://t.co/2ZqxqNniL4
On June 6, 1944, 160,000 US &amp; Allied troops landed on the beaches of Normandy to begin the liberation of Europe: http://t.co/aPKNzmcZUz
Today we mourn the passing of Senator Frank Lautenberg, the last remaining WWII Veteran serving in the U.S. Senate: http://t.co/W29klUvGly
Take a moment to read about the life of MOH recipient &amp; WW2 veteran Vernon McGarity, who passed away last week: http://t.co/N6nk3Kfl07
Memorial Day serves as a moment for us as citizens to reflect &amp; rededicate ourselves to the ideals of our country http://t.co/QLhz7P0yXG
Thanks for your comments on my posts about sexual assault. As we confront this scar on our profession ... http://t.co/NKlKM326d3
As we approach Memorial Day, we should reflect on the history of our Armed Forces ... http://t.co/vWU2oIeqFG
I've spoken often about how sexual assault betrays the trust on which our profession is founded. http://t.co/cKjX4glRoL
On Monday, Gen Breedlove took over as the Supreme Allied Commander - Europe as ADM Stavridis retires after 37 years: http://t.co/u6JsFCWsVF
Happy Mother's Day to the great moms who give so much to their families, and to our military moms: http://t.co/eUDZlAk6cc
I've spent a great couple of days at @ASU where I commissioned ROTC graduates, visited the Tillman Veterans Ctr ... http://t.co/IzVcBysDe5
Sexual assault is a crime that breaks the trust that binds our profession. I share some thoughts on my blog: http://t.co/ooDsZSSuKb
Yesterday, I met with the senior enlisted advisors from the services &amp; @SEAC_Battaglia http://t.co/7RK0Y0ONQ0 @SMAChandler @MCPON13 @SMMC17
I leave Asia-Pacific with a deeper understanding of the issues but with confidence http://t.co/C6AWQ193h8
I just wrapped up my first visit to China but my fourth to the region as Chairman: http://t.co/nRMqWhlXqk
I met with Gen. Jung &amp; Gen. Thurman in Seoul following up on our video teleconference on Thursday: http://t.co/FCjqNHa74m
Today, Secretary Hagel and I laid out our defense budget proposal for fiscal year 2014: http://t.co/j40m6sl6jC
Let's work together to preserve the trust relationship and end sexual assault within our profession: http://t.co/j7P9PTcCtP
Just wrapped up a visit to Afghanistan where I met with coalition leaders and service members: http://t.co/kT6ISWLpcU
Today, I joined the @USAfricaCommand team in paying tribute to GEN Ham and welcoming GEN Rodriguez http://t.co/eUOjWkRjgT
Our Gold Star Spouses have a special place in our Military Family and they continue to inspire us: http://t.co/BW9kLqO2ws
I've mentioned the security challenges of an uncertain future and how our military is working to address them: http://t.co/fEJQbB57nn
Great discussion with @StateDept &amp; @USAID employees about what we can do to keep our nation safe and strong: http://t.co/E3nDZU8n6t
Today, the Joint Chiefs and I met with our UK counterparts at historic Ft. McNair for a dialogue on strategy: http://t.co/4sVuorf0yC
On this day in 1863, the 1st Medal of Honor was presented to @USArmy Private Jacob Parrott of the 33rd Ohio Infantry: http://t.co/74tDBDWD4Y
Yesterday was a special day for Gen. Jim Mattis, GEN Lloyd Austin, and for our nation: http://t.co/EBHoXkOHke
Yesterday, I was glad to visit our Marines and recruits striving to earn the Eagle, Globe and Anchor: http://t.co/6arooknjQa
Glad to have spoken at @CSIS yesterday about the Middle East and Gulf Region: http://t.co/kEg3bL7X70
Last week, I asked you to share with me how sequestration would affect you and your families: http://t.co/dVpRnDichM
Serious and sustained leadership will be needed over the next several months as we adapt to our fiscal constraints: http://t.co/3JdJIfGx1b
Thoughtful discussion at @leagueofcities on how we can prepare service members to transition to civilian life: http://t.co/MiNKFFDq4F
I was honored to speak at @WAC_DC last night. Education is the foundation of our democracy: http://t.co/ftLbiWMYQR
Now that sequestration has occurred, it's important that our force communicates with each other: http://t.co/yojhrmpXF0
On this day in 1991, the Operation Desert Storm campaign ended after a broad, international coalition expelled ... http://t.co/XqxG9e30ZP
Great visit from the Scouts who’re delivering their Report to the Nation. Proud of their contribution to our future: http://t.co/aSbsbkRCj2
It’s Military Saves Week, @SEAC_Battaglia &amp; I want to make sure your families are financially fit: http://t.co/BCdeGnZXzO
.@NationalDet brought a lot of charisma to my USO tour, so it's great to read about the high regard in which he: http://t.co/rRYmHowl3k
I recently spoke with @rachelnpr of @NPRWeekend on the budget crisis &amp; its impact on military readiness: http://t.co/X3CTmQxO
We must place more emphasis on adapting the force, investing in innovation, and getting people right. http://t.co/jXmuiiN0
Happy Valentine’s Day to Deanie, my high school sweetheart and beloved wife of 36 years: http://t.co/oOOwJSNF
Today, Staff Sergeant Clinton Romesha was awarded the Medal of Honor, the nation's highest military decoration ... http://t.co/VMQxgqql
We recognized and thanked GEN Allen for his outstanding leadership &amp; welcomed GEN Dunford as the new ISAF commander http://t.co/qYuzSvEE
This evening, the Joint Chiefs and I honored Secretary Leon Panetta who will retire as our 23rd Secretary of Defense. http://t.co/bey6qyH0
Facing budget uncertainty, we are making adjustments across the Joint Force to preserve readiness: http://t.co/Uzxj5uWd
Great day at the @USCG Academy. Keep broadening yourselves &amp; enriching our profession. Semper Paratus! http://t.co/CXgYXwNC
Pleased to have read about @johnsonr’s Military Ethics Twitter Course. I encourage troops to explore this: http://t.co/QB3h80lF #METC
SgtMaj of the @USMC reinforces some great readiness points about rescinding the 1994 Combat Exclusion Policy: http://t.co/hNK2EVq3
I followed up on rescinding the combat exclusion policy on my blog. You can read the entry here: http://t.co/XSEjjaWC
Yesterday, Secretary Panetta and I signed a memo rescinding the direct combat exclusion rule for women: http://t.co/GktLt3ha
Briefing the press with #SecDef Panetta at 1330 EST. We'll discuss women in combat among other topics. Watch: http://t.co/oaWFThUM
The past few days have provided a unique opportunity to reflect on our profession: http://t.co/135baqGJ
Today marks the 57th time that a President has stood before the American people to take the oath of office: http://t.co/kg0WlU1t
I've just returned from the @NATO Chiefs of Defense conference where I met some new counterparts: http://t.co/hgSsTKYg
Share on my page: what are you reading -- books, blogs, journals, articles -- about the profession of arms? http://t.co/75wV2X3K
Participating in a press briefing with SecDef Panetta today at 1500 EST. You can watch it here: http://t.co/CR3QMCLx
"Units need organizational leadership, the kind that draws on the strength of the organization itself ..." http://t.co/QM1vr46i
@Wang_DangDoodle Thank you for sharing my review with Mrs. Kapuscinski and thanks for translating this great book.
Some say I support a draft, but the topic of service has many dimensions. I talked about this in October: http://t.co/PG9YxCDQ
"Shah of Shahs" by Ryszard Kapuściński is a must-read for those wanting to better understand Iran's ... http://t.co/lkhSgl0j
I hope you enjoyed the holidays and took some time to reflect on the past year and prepare to begin 2013 refreshed: http://t.co/LRyvJdwe
I was saddened to learn of the passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf ... http://t.co/ZX023FB6
Thinking of our service members stationed around the world this holiday season. Deanie and I wish you the best: http://t.co/dKwpXS01
Deanie &amp; I, and @SEAC_JCS &amp; Lisa Battaglia wrapped up our seven-day USO Holiday Tour in Germany: http://t.co/n2USrhSK
I am saddened by the loss of Senator Daniel Inouye: http://t.co/892WAvcM
We've just left Afghanistan where we visited troops &amp; leaders in Kabul, Bagram, Kandahar and ISAF RC - South: http://t.co/CfZBpGUo
Happy 376th birthday to @USNationalGuard! Proud of all you do – http://t.co/z1ThSApy
Except for 1 Saturday every December, I completely support the Navy. It’s that day--#GoArmy! #BeatNavy! http://t.co/rrk2jYtT
On National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, take a moment &amp; reflect on the resilience of our military family &amp; nation: http://t.co/tBkXxsyo
What can we do to ease the transition for military members &amp; families entering civilian life? http://t.co/mA7xhpPA
Alaska Air National Guardsmen MSgt Roger Sparks &amp; MSgt Brandon Stuemke recently saved the life of a gravely-ill woman http://t.co/26npaJBS
As families gather for Thanksgiving, I want to thank the men and women in uniform serving around the globe. http://t.co/FbKqK6cf
I posted about recent allegations against some senior officers. I hope you'll read &amp; share your thoughts: http://t.co/gyMJHjYi
I recently read “Tolstoy on War” edited by Rick McPeak and Donna Tussing Orwin: http://t.co/kBI2nxpH
We spent the past two days in the wonderful city of Perth in western Australia for the Australia-US Ministerial: http://t.co/fQNu9w0i
I was in the Korea for #VeteransDay &amp; @USMC 237th birthday and had the privilege of honoring those who defended ... http://t.co/dXJoJoQ4
As we observe Veterans Day this weekend, @SEAC_JCS &amp; I honor every man and woman who's worn the uniform of our nation http://t.co/PbxjdK2o
Deanie and I want to recognize military families serving around the world: http://t.co/MXLParx5
It is important to recognize the partnership between our military and federal &amp; state agencies during #Sandy http://t.co/VWkWKesz
I've been in Israel meeting Israeli military and civilian leaders and observing the Austere Challenge exercise: http://t.co/461TuboV
"Think like a wise man, but communicate in the language of the people.” — William Butler Yeats
Thanks for your comments on leadership -- it shows that as you 'unpack' the word, it begins to have more meaning: http://t.co/N1sux5JC
Over the past few weeks, I've talked about the attributes of leaders during a time of transition: http://t.co/GX8irSFk
"If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking." — General George S. Patton
As we celebrate the Navy’s 237th birthday, I want to recognize our sailors who live up to the Profession of Arms: http://t.co/9LdwzEme
We celebrate the life and service of CSM (R) Basil Plumley: http://t.co/QUnXyfue
Good discussion today at the @PressClubDC about my first year as the Chairman and the value of relationships: http://t.co/hedxu1vO
I finished reading “Beautiful Souls” by Eyal Press. He examines "the voice of conscience" in times of moral dilemmas: http://t.co/x6klqBwx
I enjoyed spending a couple days at @USAFA meeting with cadets over lunch and talking to the firsties: http://t.co/UweMCcg4 @usairforce
Spent the day meeting with leaders from Boeing, Microsoft, and the Bill And Melinda Gates Foundation in Seattle http://t.co/qZLfNiIN
I had the opportunity to speak at @KState today about that trust with this generation of veterans returning home: http://t.co/PMpfD6xb
Today, on Gold Star Mother's Day, we honor the moms who have lost a son or daughter in service to our nation: http://t.co/3HUcRxvz
As the Chairman, I talk often about leadership. Share with me: what do you think is the most important attribute of a leader?
I recently read "The Revenge of Geography" by Robert Kaplan. He cautions us not to forget history and geography ... http://t.co/gZuLKqWn
Productive discussion about the future security environment and Joint Force 2020 at #afaairspace today: http://t.co/w9m7kKwU @USAirForce
Happy birthday to the finest Air Force the world has ever known! http://t.co/dO0Mt2uv @USAirForce
Wrapped up a series of meetings with Turkish senior leaders where we discussed regional security and recent events: http://t.co/LZQ7hEht
As I look back on how the attacks of 9/11 changed our world, I'm reminded of the service that so many have given http://t.co/75sGbVa7
“Professional competence is more than a display of book knowledge or of the results of military schooling ... http://t.co/l39dbD4W
#SecDef Panetta, Sec. Napolitano &amp; I said farewell to GEN McKinley and welcomed GEN Grass, the 27th @ChiefNGB http://t.co/LawL3qzz
Last night, Deanie and I celebrated our Marines at the Marine Corps Association &amp; Foundation dinner: http://t.co/854kFzi5
On this day in 1960, President Eisenhower dedicated the Industrial College of the Armed Forces building at @ndu_edu:  http://t.co/tlTPKPAw
What’s the best advice a military leader or mentor has given you? http://t.co/rUjH0Wdt
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." – Albert Einstein
I had the honor of leading the U.S. delegation at the opening ceremony of the Paralympic Games in London last night. http://t.co/vWGR0HLO
I just finished reading “American Force: Dangers, Delusions, and Dilemmas in National Security” by Richard K. Betts: http://t.co/Pn8WYiYx
I returned to Iraq for the first time since the formal end of our military mission in December. http://t.co/dgOTfiiR
Thanks for your concern for me &amp; my team - we're safe &amp; the two Air Force maintainers were treated for minor injuries  http://t.co/0L4opAlq
Yesterday I met with General John Allen and General Jim Mattis at ISAF headquarters in Kabul ... http://t.co/0L4opAlq
I attended the groundbreaking ceremony for the solar wind farm at Tooele Army Depot yesterday ... http://t.co/TYQN84mg
Yesterday I awarded the Legion of Merit to LTC Mark Weber, a friend &amp; a courageous soldier with whom I served in Iraq: http://t.co/hKgZEl0k
.@GENAnnEDunwoody served the @USArmy with humility &amp; steadfastness for 37 years. We wish her the best in retirement: http://t.co/8FZ0GVIJ
I'm a big fan of TED Talks-they're a great way to engage each other about new ideas on a variety of topics ... http://t.co/1dtEFFR8
On this day in 1918 during World War I, Opha Mae Johnson made history as the first woman to enlist in the @USMC http://t.co/0bKqW7xZ
Thank you to Gen Schwartz who retired after 39 years of selfless service &amp; welcome Gen Welsh, the 20th Chief of Staff of the @usairforce.
Congrats to Bill Wunderle, @thejointstaff Civilian of the Year, who spent years studying &amp; crafting Middle East policy: http://t.co/SERvT4F3
I had a productive conversation with a dynamic group of Joint Staff Army Interns and Air Force Fellows today ... http://t.co/6JhKiEb9
"Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire." -- William Butler Yeats
I'm proud to see military family members among the athletes representing Team USA in the Summer Olympics http://t.co/UUHxqZ2V
Congratulations to the @USCG, which turns 222 years old tomorrow! Semper Paratus! http://t.co/LNXMh7ia
“No man ever reached to excellence in any one art or profession without having passed through the ... http://t.co/d17kah8Q
In honor of the Olympics, I want to share this video of @usabasketball's weekend in D.C. with our troops &amp; families: http://t.co/Bng5zpsX
Thank you LTG Ron Burgess for your leadership at DIA &amp; welcome LTG Mike Flynn who took directorship today. Best of luck to you both.
In the latest Joint Forces Quarterly, I share my insights on the defense strategy and making the strategy work: http://t.co/qaG7K5g7
Congrats to the 2012 Military Times Service Members of the Year! They represent whatʼs best about our young leaders: http://t.co/IRLixqS3
I just released my Joint Education White Paper. Share your thoughts on the paper &amp; how we can prepare our military: http://t.co/hAOf87CD
I spoke at the 20th Anniv. of the @USNationalGuard #SPP, a program that's paved the way for innovative global cooperation.
Deanie &amp; I brought the @usabasketball teams to @ArlingtonNatl where we honored those who gave their lives http://t.co/eUgLIexb
Amazing time with @usabasketball in an arena full of service members and families! What a memorable day: http://t.co/3VhSi11t
"Leadership is intangible, and therefore no weapon ever designed can replace it." - GEN Omar Bradley, 1st Chairman of the Jt Chiefs of Staff
Glad to have hosted General Marakov, my Russian counterpart, for a series of productive conversations today. http://t.co/EB1awJhP
Deanie &amp; I attended the ThanksUSA "Treasure our Troops" Gala. I'm amazed &amp; moved by the big hearts of our young people: http://t.co/MRf8esim
I want to recognize Saul Bosquez &amp; Matt Kinsey, @USArmy veterans and @WWAmpSoftball members:   http://t.co/hNSeZIW1
On July 6, 1747, CAPT John Paul Jones was born. His legacy has resonated throughout our history. Learn more about him: http://t.co/yQxVrAIv
Independence Day is a holiday about American values &amp; the spirit of those who fought for our young nation: http://t.co/I3SxktCk
The web is a tremendous resource where we can understand context &amp; grow as leaders. What are your favorite blogs and online lectures?
On this day in 1776, the 2nd Continental Congress approved a resolution for American independence from Great Britain.
Great meeting with the @US_Stratcom team yesterday! Thanks for making the @Offutt_AFB community a great place http://t.co/PRXXk7vV
I discuss the civil-military relationship and the importance of embracing political neutrality in my blog: http://t.co/PytzruZY
Spoke at the Gold Star Mothers Conference. Gold Star Mothers have a special place in our mil family, we must never forget their sacrifices.
On this day in 1944, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed the G.I. Bill of Rights into law: http://t.co/4uuM6urN
Yesterday, my office announced the completion of our review of professional military education: http://t.co/UlHwOttj
.@SEAC_JCS released a message to the Total Force on sexual assault. I encourage you to share it with your troops http://t.co/Iwh5aZQJ
Great conversation with @GovExec on the future of the military at the @PressClubDC this morning: http://t.co/1cgNFxzA
Delivered the first pitch at @Nationals vs @Yankees on Friday. Great to meet 2 teams who admire the military family http://t.co/dwVK1DD8
Thank you to @KatherineSophie &amp; @GTownCupcake for helping us celebrate the #ArmyBDay at the Pentagon today. Truly a memorable event.
Happy 237th birthday to the @USArmy! Proud to wear the uniform, and admire the values &amp; commitment of our soldiers. http://t.co/9LhMwnpC
The SecDef and I testified before the Senate Appropriations Committee-Defense on the defense budget. http://t.co/yC0D6WI0
I had a great time honoring the @USCG at the Coast Guard Foundation's 8th Annual Tribute tonight! http://t.co/Pl5Mhksl
Just finished reading "Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk" by Ben Fountain. Read my review here: http://t.co/IViiFCuj
Spoke at my high school’s graduation today—Congrats, class of 2012 and I encourage you to lead lives of impact. http://t.co/w4839lrp
Today marks the 68th anniversary of the D-Day invasion, a major turning point in the European theater of World War II http://t.co/umYaHCdX
What a trip! I just concluded a week-long visit to SE Asia, with stops in Singapore, the Philippines &amp; Thailand. http://t.co/NOIfbNJG
I just wrapped up my first visit to the Philippines, one of our oldest allies in the Pacific. Here are my thoughts: http://t.co/FiEqlFHG
Met w/ Singapore military leaders. We have a great relationship with the SAF, from training to operating in combat: http://t.co/KHBgO0G0
I just wrapped up brief visits to Hawaii and Guam where I learned first-hand about the remarkable work ... http://t.co/rzajmZVN
Recently read @maddow’s “Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power”. Here are my thoughts on the book: http://t.co/QgEVm2lT
At the NATO Summit in Chicago this weekend, I met with my counterparts -- chiefs of defense in countries ... http://t.co/RONH0jYY
Yesterday, the Medal of Honor was posthumously awarded to Spc. 4 Leslie Sabo, Jr. for his courageous actions ... http://t.co/tEnhSOJb
Met with the @NavalAcademy Class of 2012. By choosing this uncommon life, you already live up to your motto “Fortune Favors the Bold”.
Spoke at the Norwich Univ. commencement yesterday. Build trust &amp; be leaders of consequence. Congrats to the Class of 2012! @norwichnews
I want to wish all of our amazing military spouses—including my wife Deanie—Happy Military Spouses' Appreciation Day!  http://t.co/IPvyeVe5
Looking forward to speaking about Law of the Sea at 1:45 PM EDT today. You can watch it here: http://t.co/TyePvzJs
Recently read Stephen Greenblatt’s “The Swerve: How the World Became Modern”. Here are my thoughts: http://t.co/LeyOEanB
Just released the Strategic Direction to the Joint Force on Sexual Assault Prevention &amp; Response: http://t.co/bvSc2gHz
Ooh-rah! Congrats to @USMC, winners of the Chairman's Cup at #WarriorGames! Proud of every athlete who participated: http://t.co/9kuwoAUK
@TrumpetNCO Great question. Jomini offers foundational modern military thought. Sun Tzu offers timeless battlefield &amp; boardroom strategies
@Max_Daddy_DC Thanks for asking: I recommend the Samuel B. Griffith translation of Sun Tzu from 1963.
I’ve released my professional reading list. Take a look and share your thoughts: http://t.co/kJ9k654M
Great conversation about partnerships at @CarnegieEndow today. Here's a link to the video: http://t.co/YGGNhqE2
Inspired by the tremendous strength &amp; character of the #WarriorGames competitors. Deanie &amp; I wish you all the best of luck this week!
This year, our nation will choose many elected officials. Remember that we're bound to the standards of our profession: http://t.co/8RQjaqS9
I visited the training facility for Afghan Special Forces & Commandos, along with my counterpart, Gen Karimi: http://t.co/4BdLQ9So
I wrapped up a short visit to Jordan, where I met with my counterpart, LTG al-Zaben, and Ambassador Jones & his team: http://t.co/b0KarrAf
Mission Command is an old concept vitally important to a new era. To learn more about it, read my white paper: http://t.co/TRyajOQQ
@OneBoyUSO Thank you for your supporting our troops! I’m truly touched by your story and wish you and your family the best.
SecDef & I testified on Syria. Should we be called, our responsibility is clear--provide  SecDef & President w/ options http://t.co/6sNFjmaJ
Impressed by the work that goes into programs like Sesame Street for Military Families: http://t.co/l1fF3eEm
Attended the @TAPS4America Gala & want to extend gratitude to all who honor the legacy of our fallen & caring for their loved ones.
I joined the Secretary of Defense today in a discussion with members of Congress on sexual assault in the military: http://t.co/QHTcjOkA
Fantastic discussion on security at @Harvard's @JFKJrForum last night. You can watch the video here: http://t.co/sk17hLgD
I’m speaking at @Harvard's @Kennedy_School @JFKJrForum at 6 PM tonight. Catch the live-stream here: http://t.co/898IPV8B
Congrats @JoiningForces on a tremendous 1st year. Thanks for honoring troops, families & vets with respect & care. http://t.co/52zCmNxT
I participated in a SecDef-hosted US/Afghan Security Consultation Forum with Minister Wardak & Minister Mohammadi ... http://t.co/P165FfEQ
Great conversation today with some @WestPoint_USMA cadets abt history & how it shapes context, a key factor in strategy http://t.co/gaxl3sY8
Today, I was a guest speaker at former Senator Hagel's class at the Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown Univ: http://t.co/vnjUSTmr
Great job to @DCoEPage for hosting #WRC12 and for your commitment to resilience in the Total Force http://t.co/QSNHs8Xp
I met today w/ leaders at the Amazon Military Cmd in Manaus & visited the jungle training center in the Amazon Basin: http://t.co/gUDYGkEy
I visited Colombian troops promoting the safety of both our countries through security & counternarcotics cooperation: http://t.co/iQqHzWkJ
I met w/ @southcomwatch staff, spouses & spoke at the NDIA Logistics Conf. Both groups are essential to Jt Force 2020: http://t.co/1w0E0OzS
On this day in 2002, Afghan girls were allowed to attend school for the 1st time since Taliban was removed from power http://t.co/VMWKeyxr
Today, we conducted our 2nd Strategic Seminar, a follow-up to my Jan. meeting with leaders from the Joint Force ... http://t.co/HEBdkqd8
I spoke at the Bob Woodruff Foundation reception &amp; recognized the great support they've shown for troops &amp; veterans. http://t.co/OMwspYEM
I met with Lt. Gen. Benny Gantz, Israeli Defense Forces chief of staff, today ... http://t.co/k7HLEOhk
Thanks again to the @CharlieRoseShow for inviting me. Here’s a link to my interview: http://t.co/UyrdZxDQ
On this day in 1802, @WestPoint_USMA was founded. Thanks for 210 years of educating, training &amp; inspiring leaders.
On this day in 44 B.C., Julius Caesar was assassinated on the front steps of the Senate in Rome: http://t.co/8fknOw7C
On this day in 1879, Albert Einstein, German-American physicist who developed the theory of relativity was born: http://t.co/wq537t3x
I was alerted by phone early this morning about the recent shooting incident in the Kandahar province of Afghanistan: http://t.co/ulOqEOVv
Today, @PacificCommand & our military said farewell to ADM Willard & his wife Donna who retire after serving 38 years: http://t.co/tQu4wmYh
Today, Secretary Panetta and I spoke at the Senate Armed Services Committee about the ongoing situation in Syria ... http://t.co/Dx66lKpQ
Thanks @washcaps for recognizing some great troops & honoring local military families tonight: http://t.co/rhlUSZnz
I attended a reception to commemorate the approaching one year anniversary of the tragic earthquake that shook Japan. http://t.co/tHfHfk2L
What’s the most important lesson you’ve learned in a mil. school? How can we improve the mil. schoolhouse experience? http://t.co/kO44567W
MT @SEAC_JCS With suicides in the Force on the rise, NOW is the time to step up our efforts to combat this situation http://t.co/iLLXSe9K
Tonight, we’ll honor more than 1 million Americans who served in OIF & OND at “A Nation’s Gratitude": http://t.co/uezPDTXy
SecDef & I spoke before the Senate Budget Committee today, House Budget Committee tomorrow on the FY13 budget request: http://t.co/9Vn9IbEP
I met with leaders from our department & @DeptVetsAffairs to discuss the needs of service members, families & veterans: http://t.co/wwxIIzgZ
Today in 1991, a US-led coalition embarked on what became a 100-hour ground assault to evict Saddam Hussein's army from Kuwait.
Today I released my Profession of Arms white paper which also outlines the way ahead. Tell me what you think: http://t.co/zgweBF9N
Yesterday Deanie and I visited Tuskegee, Alabama home to the legacy of the Tuskegee Airmen ... http://t.co/P3GnWu7u
I've seen many of your comments about the proposed changes to the military health care system ... http://t.co/Ec2nBdX1
Today we hosted @JoiningForces who just released a report on ways states can help spouses transfer work licenses. http://t.co/3YZtV8ol
#SecDef & I testified before the HASC, the second of three important hearings this week ... http://t.co/r1yLPirR
#SecDef & I testify before the HASC at 10 AM EST on the fiscal year 2013 budget. You can watch the hearing on http://t.co/oaWKqS3W
The Secretary of Defense and I testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee today about the FY 2013 budget: http://t.co/koOTMfId
#SECDEF & I will testify before the SASC at 9:30 AM EST on the fiscal year 2013 budget. You can watch the hearing on http://t.co/oaWKqS3W
Significant day in Cairo with the military leaders of an important ally in the Middle East: http://t.co/terxVug8
I spent the day with leaders & troops in Kabul & Logar provinces ... http://t.co/terxVug8
Today in 1978 was the first time Senate proceedings were aired on radio. Fascinating to see how communication changed … http://t.co/DCUSBz9C
I encourage you to use this month to learn about contributions of African Americans in our military & nation’s history http://t.co/0oZF5Ues
We will be honored to be a part of  'A Nation's Gratitude' hosted by President & Mrs. Obama to recognize ... http://t.co/Joj7zSj2
Today, I released my Strategic Direction to the Joint Force. It goes into detail about my four focus areas ... http://t.co/E2BITMbH
I hope you get to enjoy the Super Bowl today. As a New Yorker, I'm	hoping for a Giants win!
Whether you’re home or serving abroad, I hope you get to enjoy the Super Bowl this weekend. Go Giants! http://t.co/wp5Fa9Mp
.@SEAC_JCS & I talked to senior enlisted leaders about fostering an environment of learning and professionalism: http://t.co/pEw71hlJ
Spoke at the @ReserveOfficer symposium yesterday—I’m very proud of our Reservists’ contributions & partnership in Joint Force 2020. #ROA
I attended the National Prayer Breakfast this morning. A quiet moment to come together and reflect on what's important in our lives.
.@KatherineSophie from Georgetown Cupcake came by yesterday & I got to thank them for donating 10,000 cupcakes on our last @the_USO tour.
@abumuqawama It was great to meet you last night. Thanks for being a leader in the conversation. Keep up the great work.
I recently had a great meeting with GEN Jung Seung-jo, my ROK counterpart. I look forward to working with him again http://t.co/DxQlOvNd
Spoke at the @CNASDC dinner about how strategy is about context & choice. We must develop Joint Force 2020 with this in mind.
Congratulations to GEN Lloyd Austin on becoming the @USArmy's vice chief of staff, and best wishes to the Austin family in this new role.
Great @JoiningForces & @USDOL update on new measures to support caregivers.	@DeanieDempsey talks more about it: http://t.co/W90fkerG
.@DeanieDempsey & I wish the Chiarellis the best in their next chapter. Thanks for 40 years of service to our nation http://t.co/WPrtUDOW
I'll hold a Strategic Seminar to challenge assumptions about the sec. environment in 2017 & assess capability, capacity http://t.co/jizSSw5z
Yesterday, #SecDef & I hosted a preview of the proposed defense budget & discussed what it means to our joint force: http://t.co/lmK9PrPs
I had the honor of attending the State of the Union address tonight. To all of you—thank you for your service. http://t.co/MldD1VIs
In January 1962, President John F. Kennedy established the U.S. Navy SEALs ... http://t.co/2FUErdJ8
Today, ADM Winnefeld and I had the opportunity to visit wounded warriors and their families at a tailgate ... http://t.co/PZh7Gni5
I just concluded my first visit to Israel as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff … http://t.co/GpcPmzYB
I met with the @NATO chiefs of defense this week. Thankful for our unshakable partnership: http://t.co/dSC9URI7
I released the Joint Operational Access Concept (JOAC) today. I invite you to read my blog and share your thoughts: http://t.co/65HI6Nwc
I just finished a productive day in Paris meeting with my counterpart, ADM Guillard, and senior military leaders … http://t.co/5GaSOCkQ
I was a boy when Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. delivered the "I Have a Dream" speech, & it still resonates with me today: http://t.co/iRSmUolA
Delivering the Amb. S. Davis Phillips Family Internat’l Lecture at @DukeU today 5:30 PM EST. You can watch it live: http://t.co/MbKCYRfo
Had a great town hall with 400 ROTC cadets today about what they’ll face in years to come—I’m confident in our military’s future leaders.
@kangkyulee The new defense strategy is an update to the QDR based on changing geopolitical and economic conditions.
Today, the President and Secretary of Defense Panetta released new strategic guidance … http://t.co/FIaq8S9U
We’re investigating allegations of hazing within our ranks, but I want to be clear that hazing is simply intolerable: http://t.co/hziqsmEu
I’m preparing to speak at the Atlantic Council on security & partnership in an age of austerity. Looking forward to a great discussion.
Today, we remember the attack on Pearl Harbor and how it would change our military and our nation: http://t.co/DIhshCa4
Thankful for our UK partners as we face security challenges in a new fiscal environment. We’ll innovate, adapt together http://t.co/nLMLlmGp
Wherever you are serving on this Thanksgiving Day, in uniform or out, know that we are thankful for your service. http://t.co/INBmBcd0
Congrats to Coach K on his 903rd victory. He's proof that you can achieve great things through hard work & integrity. @dukeblueplanet
Thank you military reporters; you're a vital role in telling our story & helping us connect with our communities: http://t.co/7FA5tzsS
The SecDef & I spoke with the Senate Armed Services Committee yesterday about the security environment in Iraq ... http://t.co/vDhppkR1
Happy 236th birthday to @USMC. Your service & sacrifice are a great source of pride for the nation. I’m honored to serve w/ you. Semper Fi!
At the 9/11 memorial today, I also met 6 sailors from this region selected	for @USNavy Sailor of the Year. Best of luck to all of you.
Great tour of the 9/11 memorial site today with Mike O'Reilly whose	father helped build the WTC. Mike now is helping build Freedom Tower.
Thanks @TheNatlGuard @NGBChief @NDNGAberle & everyone who shared the #JSLC event online. I appreciate your comments and feedback.
Met the @USCG members on the USS Stratton yesterday; outstanding partners in national security helping us defend our Nation.
Secretary Panetta and I just concluded successful talks with our Republic of Korea counterparts in Seoul ... http://t.co/rSBIDOfr
I spent yesterday with 50 or so of the most successful business leaders in the country at a leadership summit ... http://t.co/rGIK3De5
It was a privilege to meet Lee Kuan Yew, the 1st PM of Singapore. Singapore is a key contributor in Afghanistan & partner in the Pacific.
Thank you to GEN Duncan McNabb, who retired as @US_TRANSCOM commander & best of luck to GEN William Fraser, the 10th TRANSCOM commander.
Spoke before the HASC today. As we build Joint Force 2020, we must remain decisive in the competitive security environment.
Happy 236th Birthday to the @USNavy, a source of great pride & tradition for our Nation.
GEN John Shalikashvili, 13th CJCS, was laid to rest today. Our military is better for his service and his legacy lives on.
I spoke at the @the_USO Annual Gala and helped recognize the USO Service Members of the Year. Congratulations to these great troops!
Spoke to students at the Nat’l Defense University about trust & leadership. You are our decisive advantage & our hedge against uncertainty.
I met with my team and was able to share some thoughts with them. I trust them to do what’s right and be @thejointstaff our Nation needs.
Thank you for supporting me as the 37th Chief of the @usarmy.  Best wishes to GEN Odierno and as always- Army Strong!
Have a great Labor Day weekend but stay safe! Accidents affect the entire force. Also remember those deployed during the holiday.@usarmy
Thanks to @The_Old_Guard for a great visit.  Proud of your professionalism and dedication. @usarmy #SOT
Thanks to everyone for a wonderful farewell event.  Deanie and I are grateful for support we received during my time as the CSA. @usarmy
Outstanding support for communities affected by hurricane Irene @TheNatlGuard.  I’m proud of you all!@ USArmy #SOT
Great visit @WestPoint_USMA. Discussed Leader Development and the Profession.  The Cadets were enthusiastic and engaging. @USARMY
Happy birthday to the Sergeant Major of the Army, @SMAChandler!  A valued teammate and I wish him the best.  Army Strong! @USARMY
Great to be with @USMC Brigadier General Select Orientation Course today. Very engaging talk about operating as a Joint Team.@USARMY
Here is a link to my professional reading list: http://t.co/AmtbA8R. Leaders are readers! @USArmy
Great talk with the @ArmyWarCollege class today. We discussed the Importance of managing transitions and thinking through complex problems.
We will miss COL(R) Charles Murray.  An American hero and an example to us all. http://t.co/AzCDLUs
Great visit with Army Materiel Command. I thank all of our Army logisticians for their service and commitment. #SOT
Happy Birthday @uscoastguard. Vital members of our Joint Team.
Great visit to US CYBERCOM today.  As we move into the future, these networks will become increasingly important to our national security.
I'm honored to be confirmed as the next CJCS.   I am excited to have the	opportunity to serve with all of our great Service Members.
Thanks to all the Army Families that took the time to talk with Deanie and me at Camp Humphreys, Korea.  @USAGHumphreys #SOT #USARMY
I visited US Sailors and Soldiers in Japan to thank them for their efforts in responding to the tragic earthquake and tsunami in Japan. #SOT
This is the picture that I showed at my confirmation. It is the most important core value of our profession—TRUST. http://t.co/9SRKurl
Congratulations to MAJ Nessel, CPT Harper, MSG Nuemer, SFC Ahern, SSG Roberts and SSG Meister who received the Croix de la Valuer Militaire.
Farewell to Chaplain (MG) Douglas L. Carver, the Army Chief of Chaplains and his wife Sunny.  I thank them for their many years of service.
Congratulations to 1SG Monekia Denkins for being awarded the MilitaryTimes 2011 Service Member of the year. Job well done!  #usarmy #SOT
Congratulations to SPC Jerry Broesch and his Family for being awarded The National Military Family Association, Military Family of the Year.
Which resiliency programs have been helpful and how could we improve them? Answer here:  http://t.co/NqfY0Ka #USArmy, #Soldiers
I was honored to meet and some of our Wounded Warriors today during their visit to the Pentagon. #woundedwarriors #veterans #Soldiers #SOT
@ADACmdt A great Soldier with a wonderful family.  Good luck to you as ADA Commandant. Hope your first month has gone well.  Army Strong!
Honored to attend the Medal of Honor ceremony for Sergeant First Class Leroy Petry at the White House today. A true professional. #MOHPetry
Deanie and I will host SFC Leroy Petry and his family for dinner tonight before he is presented the Medal of Honor tomorrow. #MOHPetry
We bid farewell today to LTG Mike Vane and his wife Liane, one of the most innovative teams in our Army today.
I was privileged today to speak at the Pentagon corridor dedication in honor of a true hero, General George C. Marshall.
I’d like to pose my question from last Thursday again, which pre-deployment training program best prepared you to accomplish your mission?
Today it was my honor to say goodbye to one of the Army’s most devoted and capable leaders, LTG Robert Durbin, and his wife Diana.
I had the great opportunity to gain insights from 41 dedicated senior Army Civilians today over breakfast.
As you celebrate this Fourth of July, please reflect on those who sacrifice to secure the promise of liberty for future generations.
My sincere thanks to those of you-in and out of uniform-who contribute to preserving this great gift of independence every day. Army Strong!
Which pre-deployment training program best prepared you to accomplish your mission in theater?  http://fb.me/csadempsey
On behalf of the Army, I’d like to thank Secretary Gates for all he’s done in support of the men and women of our Army.
I was happy to participate in @the_USO’s ground breaking ceremony for the Wounded Warrior Center on Fort Belvoir. http://goo.gl/ZhO1A
If you think that you or a loved one might be struggling with PTSD, I encourage you to visit http://www.ptsd.va.gov/ or call (802)296-6300.
I’d like to offer thanks to @thenatlguard and the USACE for their tireless efforts during these epic floods. http://goo.gl/ry38z @USACE_HQ
Military Children face unique challenges. Organizations like @MilitaryChild help accomplish the vital mission of educating our future.
I was honored to meet today with future Medal of Honor Recipient SFC Leroy Arthur Petry and his wife Ashley. http://1.usa.gov/lDSP3F #USArmy
An inspiring article about a Wounded Warrior returning to combat operations with the Rangers. http://t.co/N2zLzQg
Which Army programs best support our Soldiers and Families?  Provide your thoughts here: http://t.co/NqfY0Ka
Magnificent twilight tattoo last night.  @theusarmyband was exceptional, and Dr. Hovda was recognized for his service!
Honored to reenlist 14 Soldiers yesterday. Their conitnued willingness to serve shows their commitment to the Nation and fellow Soldiers.
Happy Birthday Army! In 1775 our Army was born. Today after 236 years our Army still stands ready to accomplish any mission our Nation asks.
Congratulations to Senators Patty Murray and @JohnCornyn for receiving the 2011 AUSA Outstanding Legislator Awards today. @SenMurrayPress
I had a terrific visit in Indianapolis with our National Guard Senior Leaders today. @TheNatlGuard does a superb job at home and abroad.
Proud to meet with some amazing WWII Veterans.  It was very fitting to visit the WWII memorial on the anniversary of D-Day. Amazing people.
I enjoyed presenting the keynote address with General Peter Wall today at the @RUSI_org Land Warfare Conference in London.
Attended @TAPS4America's Good Grief Camp for children who lost a loved one in service to the country. They are in our thoughts and prayers.
One of the Arlington Ladies attends each Army funeral at Arlington National Cemetery on my behalf. http://goo.gl/6KMSi
I visited the Wounded Warriors at Walter Reed today. I am committed to their fight! #sot #wounded
@TheNatlGuard is responding to the devastation in Joplin, MO. http://fb.me/joplinmo is up to provide current news. #NationalGuard #Joplin
Congratulations to all of the 2011 Warrior Games participants and to the Marine Corps for taking home the Chairman's Cup. #wounded warriors
@armySOS I'm proud of the critical work the Survivor Outreach Services is doing at Ft. Carson. #army #sot
Visited the flood region today. Please keep those affected in your thoughts as they struggle through this historic disaster.
I spoke to the graduating West Point Class. My simple message, "I trust you". Welcome to all those joining our ranks in the weeks ahead.
Thanks for the RTs! @dongomezjr @bensmp @milhealth @JEHutton @SRA_One @InkSptsGulliver @natecrain
@myarmyreserve Great story of a wonderful family. Thanks for sharing. Army Strong! http://ow.ly/4VP7Y #usarmy #SOT
Congratulations to all of the Soldiers celebrating the 82nd Airborne’s All American Week. #USArmy, #SOT
Joint performance tonight by the Chinese and US military bands. Live stream here:  http://ow.ly/4VnKf  #USArmy
Privileged to meet some of our Wounded Warriors today. No quit in these young men & women. #SOT #WoundedWarrior http://on.fb.me/gklDMN
Good article from @MyArmyReserve about PTSD.  I applaud his willingness to get help and help others. http://bit.ly/kRvi2b #SOT #Veterans.
@TheNatlGuard & @USACE_HQ are both working hard supporting the people affected by recent flooding. I applaud their efforts.
Congratulations to our Army spouse of the year, Crystal Cavalier and husband SGT Dany Cavalier. Army Spouses are Army Strong!
Remember, that today is Military Spouse Appreciation Day. They are the glue that holds us together. I want to thank them for ALL they do.
GEN Chiarelli received a Hero of Military Medicine award for his support to our wounded warriors & their families. http://bit.ly/jI8S5b
What can the army do to improve the effectiveness of the squad?  Join the conversation here: http://fb.me/CSADempsey
Honoring yesterday’s Korean War Medal of Honor recipients and reflecting on the courage of American Soldiers of every generation.
May yesterday’s victory encourage those who continue to fight for our great nation.
Congratulations @ GEN Bob Cone. New TRADOC Commander. He	takes on huge responsibilities for our Army. The right leader in the	right place.
Spoke with GEN. Hibako, Japan’s Chief of Ground Staff about our countries partnership and pledged our continued support after their crisis.
I want to express my concern and support for the people in the Huntsville Al. area.  350K people without power.  Stay Army strong!
http://nyti.ms/i4iOEF Our Army Families also bear the burden of combat. For help visit http://1.usa.gov/cdxSC
I meant to include this link with my last post: http://goo.gl/KzqVx
Any mission, anytime, anywhere, bar nothing. That's what Soldiers do.
Thanks @PreeceDC, Our Soldiers are doing an amazing job and making a real difference.
A quick message to USFOR-I during my recent visit: http://t.co/l57epAy
Just visited our wounded and those who care for them in Landstuhl, Germany. Unbelievably strong.--Army Strong. http://on.fb.me/eTOty4
Two days in Afghanistan. I depart with a strong sense of positive momentum and an appreciation for the courage of our brave Soldiers.
I just visited our troops in Iraq. An inspiring group of Soldiers and leaders doing great work under complex conditions. http://goo.gl/NQ6KH
Just visited with this year's Marshall Award winners at VMI. Our future is in very good hands. An inspiring bunch of future leaders.
April is the month of the military child. If you know the child of a service member please thank them for their sacrifices to our nation.
I want your insights on what you think the top 3 challenges and opportunities are for your Army in the future? Go to: http://on.fb.me/eTOty4
Thanks to everyone for their support and wishes. Working with great Soldiers is always rewarding and the greatest honor. Army Strong!
Proud to be the 37th CSA. I launched my Facebook page and welcome you to join me in a discussion about our Army@ www.facebook.com/CSADempsey
I just saw 12 sites virtually conducting a cordon/search from Bn to individual key leader engagement w/intelligent avatars. We're learning.
Good session today with MITRE Corporation on connecting Soldiers to digital applications. Powerful stuff.
Just published some ideas on leader development in Army Magazine and welcome your thoughts @ my TRADOC blog. http://bit.ly/exzcRJ
I recently published an article on mission command in Army Mag. I welcome your comments at my blog.  http://bit.ly/eWoiZi
A sincere thanks to all vets who have served this country so honorably. I'm humbled by your sacrifices.
I'm interested in your thoughts on an emerging framework for Army adaptation. See my thoughts @ http://bit.ly/9ioVp2
I recently discussed why now is the right time to engage the Army on what it means to be part of a profession. http://bit.ly/8Z4E3D
I encourage you to share your stories and photos of Fort Monroe's rich heritage for a new book.  Details at: http://bit.ly/ftmonroe
Webcasting 26 April 1300-1400 town hall on decentralization and Army’s Starfish Program at http://pl.pscdn.net/003/02467/live3.asx
We are moving forward on the Army Learning Concept for 2015, and we want your input -- http://bit.ly/bJE6tK
GEN Dempsey discussing Cold Harbor battleground. http://vimeo.com/10103599
Gempsey speaking about risk mitigation at TRADOC Senior Leaders Conference.  http://vimeo.com/10104841
GEN Dempsey discussing the BRAC move from Ft Monroe to Ft Eustis.  http://vimeo.com/10103446
GEN Dempsey discussing the changes in Warrior Tasks Training. http://adamsbomb.blogspot.com/
GEN Dempsey speaking at TSLC on Force Design -- http://vimeo.com/10104113
Watch GEN Dempsey talking about the impact of New Media on Vimeo! http://vimeo.com/10105113
Speakers John Rendon, Ori Brafman, and John Wagner addressed TRADOC senior leaders to bring new ideas from academia to the Army.
Outstanding morning of briefers, ideas, and insight at the TRADOC Senior Leaders Conference here in WIlliamsburg, VA.
Off to TRADOC Sr. Leaders Conference where we’ll collectively advance the Army Learning Concept for 2015.
Panel discussion @ Winter AUSA http://bit.ly/br1des
RT @TRADOC: "There are no truly new ideas out there, only different circumstances in which they manifest themselves." - @Martin_Dempsey  ...
During r Army Capstone Concept Summit held recently, TRADOC began the hard work to determine implications to our Army - http://bit.ly/c7bOJQ
RT @TRADOC: RT @USACGSC Great remote interview with TRADOC CG, GEN @Martin_Dempsey, on leader develop't -- http://bit.ly/bnuTSG  // Pls RT
@CONNI4rmNC A staff member will be in touch today.
@CONNI4rmNC thanks for your question. Check in w/ a local recruiter (Goarmy.com) for answers on USAR/AD. If that doesn’t work let me know.
Hope you had a happy Thanksgiving. Offered thanks for our Soldiers, families, civilians.  Proud to stand w/ you. Have a safe weekend.
My heart goes out to the Ft Hood community.  You're in our prayers.  Be strong for each other.  I'm proud to be serving with you.
Thanks for the AUSA feedback. I will give updates on our progress periodically. In the meantime, keep up with me on tradoc.army.mil. Hooah!
I believe leader development is the Army's single most important competency.  Our Army will follow 8 leader development imperatives.
And, don't forget to follow @TRADOC for more information about what we're doing at #AUSA.
We have to develop leaders who understand that the context in which they act matters--headed to room 152 AUSA to talk leader development.
Headed to AUSA Exhibit Floor. Follow me to the Sergeant’s Corner @ 1430 to talk Institute for NCO Professional Development.
Kicking off AUSA w/ keynote @ President's Dinner.  Find post-speech highlights @ tradoc.army.mil.
Great discussion today among Army Senior Leaders on the Army Capstone Concept. Making great progress to inform all on this decisive concept.
Testing out Twitter - getting ready for the AUSA Annual Meeting next week.