Chinese woman suing the Federal Reserve after discovering that the real value of the USD250 she put in an account in 2006 had shrunk by 30%.
Silver SHORTAGE !!!!!!	http://t.co/oeFqYORkra
Mourn For America: Whenever A Tragedy Happens They Take Even More Freedom From Us  http://t.co/vxa3aMTz3O
message to terrorists:  You are winning!  Every time you attack us, they take more of the freedoms you seem to hate !
US Mint Sells 681k ASE’s Monday, Sets All-Time April Gold &amp; Silver Sales Record!	http://t.co/ZSVNqgabUf
why call them public servants if they order you around and you cannot fire them?
If tyranny is taxation without representation, what is the Fed?  You've spent a lifetime voting, have you ever voted for who runs the fed?
The United States is a fascist dictatorship owned by a private family to which you pay your taxes and never get to vote them out of office.
If the national debt was ours, then we could excuse it, the debt is the promise of your future enslavement to the fed, china etc.
why is it that whenever the Government takes your money at gun point with the threat of being caged it's somehow ok?
Why is it the government can lie, cheat, steal, murder, enslave, and forcibly screw everyone at gun point?  Isn't that illegal?
@IngrahamAngle Isn't theft against the law?  Isn't it immoral not only in every nation on earth, but outlaws by most every religion?  Theft!
Is it me, or did the government lose all credibility after operation gun runner?
Why?  Coffins, Hollowpoints, up armored vehicles, assault rifles, 30,000 drones, spying, spending money like their is no tomorrow.  Why?
Clif High of the Webbot project is calling it.  Everything collapses before June.  	http://t.co/ebTbeQvH40
@ShrinkGov The revolution was fought over a 2% tax on their yearly income.  Our nation was founded on a tax revolt.  Fact.
Boston was a raw power display of martial law, and the full boot of government.  25,000 against 1.   Make you feel small, and them big.
@myServal It was a fear operation in order to display to everyone what happens if you should think about stepping out of line.
How many right at this very moment are living in fear of their public servants and those in Government?  Does fear keep you in line?
How many are practicing self censorship when it comes to speech at this very moment?  Are you writing what you truly think?
Are you censoring yourselves right now as we speak?  Are there things that you feel that you dare not write?  Are you trained?
@darrylbrown41 @BarracudaMama How many of us are self censored out of internal fear?  How much of it is our faults?
@FairTaxNancy @jltrachsel I guess our founders were happy whenever they were blowing British heads off then.
@LibertyandEcon The Fed is buying mortgage backed securities, buying treasuries, bailing out foreign banks, and juicing the stock market!
I wish the troops would stop lying to themselves and saying they are fighting for freedom.  If they are fighting for it where is it?
Government is the largest employer in the United States, a giant corporation that produces nothing, and takes from everyone.
In 1912 we had no federal income tax, no federal debt, and no federal reserve bank, now we are taxed slaves.
A health industry designed to make us buy insurance and keep us drugged up and sick
A post office that is bankrupt
An energy department meant to keep us energy dependent.
Our government is a complete and utter failure in everything they do.
We carry some of the largest debts per citizen on the planet.
We are the largest consumers on earth!  72% of our economy is based off of consumption, yet fewer and fewer have jobs.
We have the largest number of immigrants of any nation on earth, and we are without boarders.
We print more money out of thin air than any other nation on earth.
We run some of the worlds largest trade deficits.
We have the largest military on earth, accounting for 42% of the worlds military
We invade more foreign nations than any nation on earth.
We are the most spied upon people in the history of mankind.
The most laws on earth, most idiotic.
The largest government in the world.
The largest prison population per capita on planet earth.
The largest debtor nation in the history of mankind.
One of the fattest nations on earth
We are the most drugged out society in the history of mankind.
Record comets appearing in the skies, just one more of many.  Volcanoes, Earthquakes, die offs, drought, floods, sink holes, all is well!
Comet Ison will be brighter than the moon in the sky, Anyone here a peep about this in the news?
Suicides outpace car crashes as leading cause of deaths from injuries
Anyone sense that something is horribly wrong?  Like we are on the edge of complete and utter disaster?
@PatDollard I didn't see one word about this in the news anywhere all day today.  You?
RT @EyeOnPolitics: Explain to me how govt can shut down a city and search homes, but the FBI can't seem to access the bomber's wife for an …
In 1912 there was No Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve, now we are taxed slaves.
RT @ShrinkGov: Focus on facts and truth. Enough political correctness, enough of preserving feelings, call it what is and you may have i ...
@BarracudaMama Don't you have some healthcare to go buy or something?  I mean you are going to obey every decree right!
@AmericanThinker Only people in the government should be allowed to keep arms, the rest of the population only their legs !  Security first!
@AmericanThinker We should pass a law by executive order that people must turn in their arms.  People without arms and hands cannot kill!
@AmericanThinker We should pass a law by executive order if necessary to outlaw killing people.  This has to stop!
@legalbear "Law is a fiction"  MF GLobal, Operation Gun Runner, Cyprus, Bailouts, Robo Signing, Fraudclosure,   Slavery is still legal today
When is the last time you voted for any of your leaders?  At the Federal Reserve, The IMF, the United Nations?  Anyone?  Can U Say Tyranny
Fascism spelled backwards is USA.  Mussolini ran a government that took over businesses.  In the USA we have banks who have taken over GOV.
@jjauthor You're government is ran by bankers, when is the last time you voted for a banker?
@JessaNaomi You have never in your lifetime voted for those who truly are in control.  Follow the money.  Fascism in reverse is spelled FED
There is a divergence in the Comex!  could this be the signal for economic collapse?  http://t.co/qPiDpMgAOm
Comex risking collapse.  Silver SLV and physical silver going opposite directions, Gold selling at 2,000 an ounce.
@AmericnElephant There is no law, we are a nation of laws ruled by outlaws.  Period.  Lady justice has been raped, beaten and left for dead
RT @kmita3: The Fake state of the Fake Union by a Fake president. #SOTU #tcot
Now the Republican clown is up there.  Wow, this is great theater.
Obama your gun is Predator drones, and your victims were American citizens who deserved a trial.  Murder is murder.
RT @geraldcelente: US "A beacon of Freedom." Sure! NDAA, warrant less wiretapping and we will save the world from bad dictators &amp; su ...
RT @geraldcelente: Now there's the Brian Murphy story. Politicians, like Presstitutes will feed off anyone's corpse to feed their egos.
In 1912 we had no Federal Income Tax, No national Debt, and No Federal Reserve, now we are taxed slaves.
We are citizens of the corporation called the United States, which equals a slave to the system we are not allowed to opt out
Our votes do not count, the system is rigged.  http://t.co/ccQzCqoM
Did the people killed by Fast and Furious deserve a trial?  Deserve a trial?  Deserve a trial?  You are hypocritical jackass.
The man who assassinates American citizens using drones is talking about gun violence, the irony is thick.
Your not even legal to run for a vote!  You fraud.
Improve the voting experience in America?  Is this a joke Mr. Non President Obama?  You got more votes that voters in some districts!!!!
The voting booth is a destination that fools travel to in order to beg from man freedoms given by God, your elections are rigged Mr. Obama
Aids Free Generation?  LOL, yes because we were so great at letting the medical establishment keeping us all from a cancer cure.
I love the part where he talks about operation gun runner, and fast and furious.  Great Mr. Obama
terrorists if you haven't figured it out yet = you
We must control your internet, and take away your ability to speak freely!  I will close down that freedom by executive order!!!
NDAA, 30,000 drones over the U.S., Assassinations of Americans made legal, and the arming of Social Security with hollow point bullets!
Counter terrorism operations, Targeting prosecution and assassinations of Americans who are now terrorists.
Great speech about HSBC laundering money through the drug cartels and being too big to prosecute Mr. Obama
Great speech about the fraud on Wall Street.  Mr. Obama
This is the best reading of a teleprompter I have heard in some time now.  What a great puppet.
How about the wars in Syria, and Africa jackass
We will complete our strategy of invading foreign nations, something we once accused the Soviets of.
Raising minimum wage will put all the 30 hour employees produced by Obamacare completely out of work
Great speech about our war on Syria?  Oh wait he didn't say anything.
Anything about sending our military to Africa?  Mr. Obama? Nothing?
Anything about us buying our own treasuries Mr. Obama?
Anything about The Federal Reserve (A private family) responsible for 25% of the GDP!  Nothing?
Anything about the Federal Reserve being responsible for 25% of our National GDP Mr. Obama?
ANything about our currency being dumped by all the Asian nations Mr. Obama?
Great speech about the national debt.
I like when he talked about the Federal Reserve, and the bailouts on Wall Street
We need illegals to pay taxes so we can keep or social security promises.
Why do we need these assholes telling us what to do.  It would save us all money if they would just all go home.
Is it me, or is this form of Government obsolete?
Who needs a college when information can now be taught over the internet anything you are willing to learn?
The trillion dollar student loan bubble, is he really going there???
A high tech economy like Detroit!
A high tech economy like Detriot!!!!
Why don't they just show the teleprompter, it would be more believable.
It's easy to forget he is reading a teleprompter and a speech that are just fed to him.
He mentioned OKlahoma, the most red state in the Union.  Hello idiot, we all dislike you here.
Preschool education, can't keep the schools we have now open, but we should now fund preschools!!!! brilliant. dipshit
Training our citizens through programming for NWO jobs.  The sooner we brainwash them, the more they will accept our program.
HOme purchases are up because the Federal Reserve is buying mortgage backed securities each month by the BILLIONS!!!
His actions don't match his words, he has destroyed this nation.
If no one acts, I will decree by executive orders!!!!  I am the ruler, I am King, and Congress is null and void.
Wind energy!!!!! and solar????? Yes, solindra worked out great
More executive orders by decree from your king
Meaningful job growth, like the government being responsible for 40% of the gdp
What an idiot!
Combat climate change, shut your lying non presidential pie hole!
Bend over, here comes the carbon tax!!!!
General electric pain nothing in taxes, and he keeps talking about an even playing field
OH, and you also shredded the 6th amendment with the NDAA, you a an illegal government, outlaws!
if you feel you have the power to shred the	1st amendment	2nd amendment	3rd amendment &amp;	the 4th amendments	We decided to shred the 16th!
You have created the largest prison population per capita in the entire world	How are we the land of the free, with more people in prison
Illegal to take anything that is not first acquired through one of your pharmaceutical pushing front men.
Illegal to share food with neighbors	Illegal to have cheese that is made the same way it has been made for thousands of years.
You have made it illegal to drink milk	Illegal to catch rain water	at times illegal to grow a garden
Dear Government, your law allows pharmaceutical companies to kill thousands if not millions each and every year
You are in full assault on all the constitutional rights that grant us our freedom, our liberty, and our right to own property
Dear Government, why is the only amendment you seem to want to uphold is the 16th?
We even watched as you rigged our elections
It was once law that you could own slaves, do youl understand that slavery exists once again.
The message you are sending is that there are no longer any laws, correct?
How about all those corporations that are exempted from Obamacare? Law?
Mr. Bush, where are the damn weapons of mass destruction, does it take longer than 10 years to find them?
How level was the playing field for the stock holders of Chrysler
How level was the playing field for the American citizens you assassinated without trial, was their playing field really level?
call yourself a nation of laws? Obama How can you talk about an even playing field, whenever you exempt all your friends from prosecution
We watched as you sold us all out, and betrayed our nation, our constitution, and our laws.
We watched as you created a supercongress, NDAA, and 30,000 drones to fly over our once free heads.
We watched as you exempted yourself from the health care law.
Giving more and more power to the Federal Reserve with every law passed.
buying your own treasuries, buying your own mortgage backed securities, and constantly bailing out all your buddies and friends.
We have witnessed your so called fair and free markets. High Frequency trading, quantitative easing to infinity,
We have watched, and seen what you have been doing.
We watched as those in power have gotten more powerful, while we have all gotten weaker.
We watched as you have given out trillions and none of it ever reaching main street.
We paid in while giant corporations did not.
showing clearly to us and the entire word once and for all, that we are a nation that use to be made up of laws, now ruled by outlaws.
We depended on a constitution to protect us, but you shredded it
We voiced our opinion on a net that you want to shut down now because of that opposition.
We wanted freedom, but you've stolen it all
We wanted no more wars without congressional approval.
We stood by while the Federal Reserve used our currency to bailout foreign banks
We watched as you handed over our national sovereignty to the United Nations.
We wanted justice for a president who appeared out of no where with no proof of who he was, and you wouldn't even allow us a day in court.
We wanted justice for the Libor scandal and the rigging of interest rates, and nothing.
We wanted justice for MF Global, and the 1.5 billion in stolen funds, and nothing.
We wanted justice for operation gun runner, and fast and furious, but instead you want to take our guns.
We told you we wanted privacy and you have been creating a police state instead
We told you no to listening to our conversations, and still you do it to this day
We said no to fraudclosure and you created documents through corrupt courts
We told you no to the bailouts, you did them anyway
We supported candidates that you would not even allow media coverage of
We marched by the millions on Washington, you laughed
We said no to the tsa, you jailed and fined us
We told you no to Obamacare, you forced it upon us
we wrote you letters, you did the opposite
If you believe in the rule of law, you are a fool, we are a nation of laws, ruled by outlaws.
Do you think cancelling Glen Beck, and Judge Napolitano had anything to do with Obama winning the rigged elections?
We have an illegal government who broke the contract to uphold the constitution. They have shredded everything to do with our freedoms.
Dear Government, you shred the 2nd amendment, we shred the 16th amendment.
Have you noticed the only part of the constitution they are not willing to shred is the 16th amendment?  That one they can enforce!
In fact the 16th amendment, is the only part of the constitution that government seems concerned with not only upholding, but enforcing.
The Government has shredded the 1, 2, 3 4, and sixth amendment of the constitution, perhaps we should shred the 16th?
You are free to keep paying for the police state prison they are constructing with drones, armored vehicles fascism, or go to prison.
RT @EternalRiteWing: I NEVER thought I would C the day when Americans who believe in 2nd amend., pro-life &amp; God would be on DHS' dom ...
@anna12061 @WestJournalism They may jail someone for Fast &amp; Furious, they may find John Corzine Guilty,They may have a hearing on Obama's BC
@PatDollard Because they are terrified of his name (Jesus Christ)  And atheists are just useful idiots for an occult government
@gretawire Buy silver before the dollar loses all value.
RT @tom19803: Webbot Project - Clifs Wujo-Clif High E-24 11/21/2012 (full) Global...: http://t.co/DMkN2mBK via @youtube #tcot #tlot #p2  ...
Ann Barnhardt says she is not paying taxes because of Obamacare, says she fears God, more than Government.
@s_r_hanna United States Government is the largest corporation on earth.  Yet liberals hate monopolies on power.  Ironic.
The 2nd amendment, is the only one we got left folks.  The rest of the constitution no longer exists.
The 2nd amendment, is the only one we got left folks.
Tyranny = Taxation without elected representation.  Can you say United Nations, IMF, world bank, Trilateral Commission boys and girls? NWO
Test your freedom, stop paying "your servants" and see how long it takes them to come throw you in a cage for your audacity.
What was the outrageous tax rate that sent our country into full on revolt against the crown of england? 2%
@RovingPoet Our forefathers revolted because of the outrageous tax of 2% of their yearly income.  So outraged that they took up arms.
RT @RovingPoet: "when the income tax began in 1913, the top rate was 7%." //Mission creep for statism. #tcot #tlot #hhrs #teaparty http: ...
RT @MrJamieMelton: A true sad sight, is to see people that actually believe we have an Administration that is SERIOUS about fixing our e ...
RT @wmathison: Krauthammer on Obama’s fiscal cliff proposal: Any Republican who buys this is a fool http://t.co/3Z026NzH :Right Scoop
@Fathers1787 @uniquelady1245 In 1912 there was No Federal Income tax, and we had plenty of growth,
The dollar bill says in God We Trust, sadly no one stopped to ask which God, Not one mention of Christ anywhere in Government.
@Miami_Jess Sadly you will out of fear of your government, so much so that you will pay no matter what your government does to you.
Pay unto Caeser that which is Casers, pay unto God that which is God.  Guess what it all belongs to God, so grow up!
Murder, theft, slaughter of the unborn, enslavement, lies, are all ok with Christians, as long as Government does it for them. They will pay
Murder, theft, slaughter of the unborn, enslavement, lies, are all ok with Christians, as long as Government does it for them.
@SilverJingles Then after you get off your knees, go buy your Obamacare to fund the slaughter of the unborn.  Praise be to God
The Federal Reserve (not federal has no reserves)
The United States was founded on a tax revolt.
Fact, our country was founded by tax cheats, back then they were called patriots, now texas schools calling them terrorists.
You are funding and paying for it.  	Every single thing you guys are complaining about, you are bitching with your mouths while paying!
Our economy is make believe. A rigged stock market, we buy our own treasuries, securities, and QE infinity.  It's a facade
I voted my entire life, as did my father, and grandfather.  The one tie that binds is that each generation is less free than the previous.
The voting booth is a destination that fools travel to in order to beg from man freedoms given freely by God.
Your government has become your God, complete with the blood sacrifice of the unborn, the right to kill it's citizens @ the push of a button
Who here voted for a single soul at the World Bank, or the IMF?  Tyranny
Curious who here got to vote for anyone who runs your life at the United Nations?
It's been rumored that Obama wants the guns, After operation fast &amp; furious with no prosecutions!  They lost all authority to pass any law.
Fiscal cliff, don't downsize government, the largest corporation on earth, Take from the rich, and starve the poor instead.
Obamacare funded abortions is a blood sacrifice, How are you going to explain to God that you paid for it? "it was man's law"? "I had to?"
If you are free, stop paying your servants and see how free you truly are.
It's not debt that was sold, it was you.  	That is what this is really about. 	Debt is slavery, and you are the slave that was sold.
Every man, woman, city, county, state, and country in the world is in debt.  No one on earth had the money to lend to create the debt..
Question?  Who had all that money to lend in order to create a fiscal cliff?  The entire world is in debt, who had that much money.  No one.
In 1912 there was no federal income tax, No national debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank, now we are taxed slaves.  Fiscal cliff my ass.
You are not free men, but hostages in your own country.  If you were free people you would be allowed to fire your public servants,
What is truly sad is that if you turn on the tel-u-a-vision, All your being programmed with, is how you must submit to tyranny.
I voted, my father voted his entire life, and so did my grandfather, and the one truth is we are less free, and more enslaved than ever.
Did you vote for the private families who own you, and the Federal Reserve?
Who here voted for their leaders at the United Nations?
the people that run your lives aren't even on the ballot to be voted for or against.
You will never in your lifetime be allowed to vote your freedoms back
I knew voting was a futile attempt to regain freedom, and yet to say I told you so seems tragic at this point.
well, I've been very silent over the last year and a half.  I watched as you all rallied behind your favorite candidates to save you.
Dear Lord, Good is now called evil, and evil is now called good.  It is time Lord.
RT @getFFL: Oklahoma becomes open carry state: 1, Oklahoma joined 43 other states in allowing the open carrying of firearms.... http://t ...
@AndreaTantaros Women voted with their vaginas, minorities voted with their skin, gays voted with their assholes, and new phones!
RT @tom19803: Dear Lord, grant your children release for the grip of evil that controls the Earth, please bring us PEACE! Amen
@SalaciousSully I'm for gun control.  Everyone that works for government should be banned from owning a gun.  I would feel much safer.
record earthquakes, floods, tornadoes, flares, volcanoes, mass animal deaths, sinkholes, and economic collapse. the mayans were right.
Government is the largest corporation on earth.
Government is religion.  People worship the government, bow down before the government, and receive their moral laws from government!
Government can steal, murder, enslave, lie, and basically break every commandment known to man, Does paying for it make you guilty?
Greece, or hell on earth?  You decide.  Protests erupt!  http://t.co/738WnW0L
Gun Confiscation Next on Obama List? Feinstein Moves To Ban ALL Assault Rifles, High Capacity Magazines http://t.co/sRrHrLtp
The Next Four Years Brings 'Civil War' to America http://t.co/Qmg1eCa7
Marc Faber's Asset Protection Plan: "Buy A Machine Gun"		http://t.co/sF1c2lKb
Stock indexes are a sea of red. http://t.co/H52XWtTA
RT @LibertarianMike: A nation or civilization that continues to produce soft-minded men purchases its own spiritual death on an installm ...
Television Tell-U-A-Vision
Turn on your television sets, and watch the sedative called Fox News, explain to you how you must except your slavery, Be calm
You will never in your lifetime vote for your true leaders, Pull back the curtain and see the Wizard.  It has all been a production.
Names missing during the election that run your lives. Who sits at the UN, who sits on the Federal Reserve. Who controls the IMF
The Federal Reserve, taxation without representation, you will never elect who truly controls this nation.  Fact.
All the candy Obama gave away in your name was brought to you by the Federal Reserve lending the money to him.
In 1912 there was no Federal Income tax, No National Debt, and No Federal REserve, now we are taxed slaves.
The United States was founded on a tax revolt.
America is going to get what it deserves, unfortunately I live here.
RT @AmericanThinker: Athens in flames as protests against austerity get violent http://t.co/PSwdaLDA
It is Declaration of Independence time. I hereby abolish this government and the tyranny it represents. http://t.co/fUum0Cen
1 irony that is true, that while you all bitch endlessly with your mouth, you continue to pay for it with your wallet and labor, puzzling
our country was founded on a tax revolt.	Ann Barnhardt is now in a tax revolt.	http://t.co/Gd65Mht2
Revolution?	http://t.co/Qmg1eCa7
@ShynJAmDero And now that person with brown skin has given your race the highest unemployment numbers amongst youth in decades.
The Ballot Box is a destination that fools travel to in order to beg man for freedoms provided by GOD! http://t.co/UhXzORoc
Stock market down about 300 points on the good news!
In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank. Obama would not survive 1912!
@tom19803 Agreed Government can break every moral law known to man and it is fine.  It is because people now worship government as GOD
If you paid for this government than you cannot complain.  Your tax dollars are what fed this monster.  1912 No Federal Tax 2012 slaves.
@RedBrightandTru It would like to think that it is rigged, but I  looked in peoples eyes, and many were happy with what they did.
@IngrahamAngle You also canned judge napolitano !	http://t.co/HiSZvFgI
@IngrahamAngle I don't know why I'm talking to you, your organization canned Beck, how about that for throwing the election.
@IngrahamAngle This is what happens whenever over half of the population votes for handouts. America is dead.
@IngrahamAngle Our Slavery wasn't hit upon.  The fact that we are slaves without a voice.  Our stolen labor to pay for promises and votes.
You need to turn on the Television so you can receive your programming about how we should all just accept the results.
The only way these assholes will stop voting for entitlement candy is if the Americans who work stop paying for them!
Obama is not my president, never was, never will be, I'm through.
@realDonaldTrump Most people don't have enough money to march anymore.  It's over. Amerika has chosen the road of pain.  It's so sad.
The Mayan prophecy was true, America is officially dead.
Benghazi is The middle east fast and furious.  Arming Al-queda with American weapons to bring down Syrian President.
RT @infocyde: Drone-murders of Americans ‘Totally right, totally Constitutional’: Homeland Security Chairperson http://t.co/lUdCTF9o
RT @tom19803: Federal Reserve has cheated the American People!: http://t.co/PLdyas3L  #tcot #tlot #p2 #endthefed #policestate #resist #otb
Obama pro guns for the drug cartels including giving them ak-47's and 50 caliber rifles.  Anti-guns for citizens of the United States.
Obama Flip Flops	Was pro assault weapons while handing them to drug cartels, now anti-assault weapons for free Americans.
Obama Pro assault weapons for Drug Cartels	While anti-assault weapons for Americans	Flip flop of the century!
Obama Just lost the election. Pro assault weapons ban, He hates anyone other than Eric Holder handing out AK-47's
Obama just said on National TV he supports a gun ban!  How many people own guns?
Obama, supports assault rifles in Mexican Drug Cartel hands through fast and furious and  Assault weapons ban for Americans !
@gretawire Obama's response to fast and furious, handing over ak-47's to the drug cartels.  No response, instead assault weapons band for us
@glennbeck Obama's answer to giving ak-47's to drug cartels in Mexico through fast &amp; furious.  Nothing!
Fast &amp; Furious 	Obama's reply.  SILENCE!  No Reply!
Obamas answer to fast and furious.		SILENCE!!!!!!!!!  NOTHING!!!!! NO REPLY!!!!!		He gave ak-47's to the drug cartels!
good morning fellow slaves
@AnnDRomney @MittRomney I hope you know what you are inheriting, the financial collapse is already here. Study Iceland  Godbless.
Mitt Romney, he's not Obama.  I wonder if that will actually work?
I've been waiting for that moment to get excited about Mitt Romney, I despise Obama, but that moment has not arrived yet.
Look, once you've been to a real tea party rally, and have witnessed a real speech, watching the Republican convention is a real yawner!
One of my most favorite moments was whenever they nailed that asshole impersonator for not having a birth certificate!
I loved the part during the republican convention when they brought up all the bank bailouts!
I love the part of the speech where they mentioned the Federal Reserve!
RT @jjauthor: Why would anyone want to give an ineffective, inefficient &amp; corrupt organization like the US government more of his or ...
@awakeningaimee Agreed, because most Americans believe they are free.  The stock market &amp; our currency operate in an occult like faith.
USA land of the numbered, tracked, photo id, papers to travel, forced to pay, groped, no privacy, debt slaves to bankers, free people!
United States of Amerika!  Where citizens are finger printed, numbered, tracked, and need papers to leave, &amp; illegals come and go freely!
In 1912 No Federal Income Tax, State Income Tax, and no passports !  Weird sounds like freedom? Wonder what happened. How did they live?Free
Real Freedom is so far removed from your reality that if it walked up to you it would be a complete stranger.
In 1912 No Federal Income Tax / National Debt / and no Federal Reserve Bank, Now we are taxed slaves, with children born into austerity!
The voting booth is a destination that fools travel to in order to beg other men for surrendered freedoms that were given by god!
There is a big difference between those who rule and you.  Those who rule take it, you wait and ask for it, but never receive it. Freedom!
Are you free?  The most important question you will ever answer. Without freedom, what is there?  http://t.co/AZMtWsNA
Ann Barnhardt Declares  federal Tax Strike http://t.co/cSyOgU2t
@derekahunter Obama/Romney, the lessor of two evils = evil
@keder Math is exactly why they will vote for Obama, The math of free!  Free food stamps, free welfare, free health care, free babies/ free
@infocyde Individualism, sovereignty both individual and country, and the constitution are all threats to the collective,NWO, Global bankers
The story of your enslavement	http://t.co/V6vUikup	How it came to be, and how to finally be free
Question, who had enough money to lend, to put every individual, city, state, and country on earth in debt?  Answer-no 1
In 1912 there was no federal income tax, no national debt to speak of, and No Federal REserve, now we are taxed slaves!
@JamieGator Where is the list of the owners of the Federal Reserve, they are private citizens and receive every federal tax dollar.
@JamieGator The real wealthiest individuals you will never hear about.  The men you speak of have billions, those who truly rule- trillions
‘CFTC Has Been Told the Silver Manipulation is a US Gov’t Operation’ http://t.co/SEnoCJfY
law no longer means right over wrong.  No longer means justice.  It now means force, violence, imprisonment, and theft against citizens.
Who has breasts, but bigger balls than Ron Paul?  http://t.co/cde1Z9Sl
@TXgrassroots 82% is high frequency trading / The Federal Reserve is the largest purchaser of stocks &amp; treasuries.  It's electronic illusion
The Red Pill.  	http://t.co/q2HLftj9!
@mfaulkner65 The Federal Reserve Banking family who you never hear about are trillionaires, they are never audited, and never pay a dime.
One sentence that will prove to anyone they are slaves.  http://t.co/xWGI5gCX
Was the arrow shot through the heart of ((Knight Capitol))) done so by Indians???? covert warfare now going on! http://t.co/mr1kUGVq
DHS purchases plastic explosives. (insert exclamation mark for dramatic effect) as if this surprises me any longer! http://t.co/Kz4wwbKu
US military war gaming against Tea Party ! ! ! WTF!!  http://t.co/aqaBLKou
@theabundantgift @michaelemlong Federal taxes R paid to the Federal Reserve. makes no sense to tax billionaires to give to trillionaires.
@Daggy1 Government has become God to most people.  The largest employer in the nation, producing nothing and stealing from everyone.
@CO2HOG If you want a gun, go to Mexico &amp; join the drug cartel, The U.S. government will give you 1 for free.  Or go to Libya or Syria.
@CO2HOG I support gun control, take all automatic weapons away from the cops, and keep the predator drones,  &amp; Armed Military off the street
You just witnessed the passing of the Federal Reserve act of your time!
It's over, do you understand that now?  You will not vote it back, and the supreme court will not uphold your constitution!  RIP USA
I woke up today and turned on my tell-me-thier-vision set, and took in my daily tv programing.  I feel nice and asleep.
Did you enjoy your day of slavery?  Did you even notice the weight of your chains?  At what point in the day were you finally making money?
@LibertarianMike We are a nation of laws ruled by outlaws.  Ask Gandhi that about that one
@AllFiredUpOnBTR nope, it's like watching a fictional show.  Entertainment for idiots, just like the Supreme court.
RT @ndb29401: @TeaPartyShirt Repeal & Prosecute Party.
@LessaT I love what I was led to believe my country was.  That is not the reality.  I think that is what you love also.
RT @HillTeaParty: Judge Napolitano: Final Word on the Last Episode of Freedom Watch [14-Fe...: http://t.co/1YoJwnvb via @youtube
By the power vested in me under the declaration of independence,I hereby abolish the tyranny of the Federal Government. http://t.co/fUuqycnx
http://t.co/iGnCn60g	Anonymous Hacks Greek Ministry Website, Demands IMF Withdrawal, Threatens It Will Wipe Away All Citizen Debts
You think Obama is not legally president (birther)  Someone who thinks he is prez (afterbirther)  It's ok to show up after birth and b prez
@LessaT @youtube So does God bless the country that uses your taxes to slaughter babies in the womb?
@Talking522 You cannot be both Christian and American any longer, it is truly sad. If you pay for it, you are guilty of funding murder.
I'ts Decleration of Indpendence time, abolish the Federal Government, and the FED, and return our constitutional Government.
Bankers are now GODS!  Bow down before your masters. http://t.co/NlkD5htr
One sentence that will prove that you are not free!  Taxes are not voluntary. http://t.co/xWGMCQM7
The USA has become everything they set out to fight against.
@United_Ignited No, it means search grannies panties at the airport while giving tax payer purchased guns to the drug cartels!
@LessaT You are still asleep, you still believe your vote counts? http://t.co/ccQEa0pG  They select your leaders for you.
if they are truly our public servants,and you claim that you are truly free, shouldn't you have the ability to fire them? by not paying them
if taxes were voluntary, government would have a very small box to operate within.
In a free country, why would you need to use violence to collect from it's supposedly free society?
Taxes are enforced at gun point or with threats of imprisonment paid directly to the Federal Reserve (Rothschilds)
@LessaT What the country needs is to fire every last servant shut down the Federal Reserve, confiscate their wealth and start over.
@LessaT Jesus was a freedom fighter, He wanted people to be free from satan, freedom to choose his gift.  We have no freedom left.
@LessaT  It isn't under God, it says in God we trust on the currency, but it doesn't say which God?  There isn't a single christian image.
@LessaT @youtube God does not bless a country that is ran by a satanic occult.  http://t.co/OmP6N8r5
@LessaT subtractt the fascism, socialism, Federal Reserve family, poppy growing, gun selling, police state, then I can wave my flag again.
@LessaT  I know longer take any pride at all in being called an American, not for what it has come to represent, maybe 100 years ago,not now
@keder You will soon see this in the United States, when it collapses, people will be on their hands and knees begging for a world currency!
@keder That's why they aren't marching for freedom from the bankers as Iceland did, but marching for more money from the banks who own them!
In 1912 There was No federal income tax, no national debt, and NO FEDERAL RESERVE. now we are taxed slaves
@keder Health care, is not health cures, or even medical treatment.  It's insurance, bean counters, and making money off of the sick.
I don't pay ) movement sweeping across Greece.  perhaps the world.
Obama doesn't show up for court in Georgia, NOT GUILTY	We don't even get a chance to go to court NDAA GUILTY!
@geraldcelente One sentence that will prove you are not free.	Taxes are not voluntary, but taken by force.
@geraldcelente The ballot box is a destination that fools travel too, in order to beg from man, that which is given by GOD! Godfrequency
@geraldcelente What I find most amusing is those who still believe they will vote it back.  As if they have never voted in the past?
@geraldcelente Complain on one hand, and then whip out the check book and pay for it.  It's TAX time.  How many bombs will you purchase?
@AineBelton beautiful psy-ops, don't want people to remember things like NDAA, SOPA, Patriot Acts, The Fed, Their slavery.
@keder Dear Keder, yes, and let's take it one step further shall we.  Who pays for entitlements?  The Federal Reserve.
Put Americans back to work making pitchforks !
p-i-t-c-h-f-o-r-k-s !
pitch forks
Pitchforks!
The Ballot Box is a destination that fools travel to in order to beg man for freedoms provided by GOD!  http://t.co/UhXEmrp6
Great Article entitled: "Hey frogtards, your asses are cooked!"   http://t.co/VpMTHdnO
There is no such thing as two political parties.  Both parties, are destroying America at the direction of their masters.
Reasons to pay taxes: To give trillions to foreign banks.
Reasons to pay taxes: To help your neighbor buy a house
REasons to pay taxes: To buy your neighbor a new car
Reasons to pay taxes: To bailout the too big to fail
Reasons to pay taxes: To bailout Chevy (more fascism)
Reasons to pay taxes: To bailout Chrysler
Reason to pay taxes: To blow up and drop bombs on innocents in Libya.	next Syria, it's humanitarian!
Reason to pay taxes: To pay the CIA to grow poppy in Afghanistan.
Reason to pay taxes: To purchase guns to give to mexican drug cartels.
To purchase guns to give to mexican drug cartels.
To pay the interest on the money the Federal Reserve (a private family) lent to our government. (they never had the money to lend)
Money sent to foreign countries.
Reasons you should pay your taxes are as follows.
Over the past five years, Carnival Cruise Lines made more than $11 billion in profits, but its federal income tax rate 1.1 percent.
ConocoPhillips, the 5 largest oil company in the United States, made$16 billion in profits from 2007 through 2009, but received $451 million
Citigroup last year made more than $4 billion in profits but paid no federal income taxes. It received a $2.5 trillion
Goldman Sachs in 2008 only paid 1.1 percent of its income in taxes  it earned a profit of $2.3 billion and received an almost $800 billion
Valero Energy, the 25th largest company in America with $68 billion in sales last year received a $157 million tax refund check
Boeing, received a $30 billion contract from the Pentagon to build 179 airborne tankers, got a $124 million refund from the IRS last year
Chevron received a $19 million refund from the IRS last year after it made $10 billion in profits in 2009.
Over the past five years, while General Electric made $26 billion in profits  it received a $4.1 billion refund from the IRS
Bank of America received a $1.9 billion tax refund from the IRS last year, although it made $4.4 billion in profits and received $1 trillion
Exxon Mobil made $19 billion in profits in 2009. Exxon not only paid no federal income taxes, it received a $156 million rebate from the IRS
Tyranny in America ends the day you stop paying for it period.
@buszero It's a tax revolution.  Millions of unemployed are refusing to pay taxes ! ! ! !
Why do we fear tyranny in the United States?  Because we have constructed a police state minus the dictator !
RT @CO2HOG: The EU Crisis Comes to a Head http://t.co/fj9YxORj #tcot
@keder Exactly, once you understand the debt was lent by people who never had the money to lend, you understand completely.
Leading American Companies leading a tax revolution, I hope they inspire you all to follow their lead ! ! ! ! 	http://t.co/u0Fh8KA4
Some are even refusing to pay any taxes at all! Damn! http://t.co/u0Fh8KA4
Yes the Tax Revolution against the Federal Reservefamily IRS Federal Reserve tax, is now being led by some of our biggest industrial leaders
12 massive US companies are now leading a tax revolution against the Federal Reserve and a Fascist state ! ! !
The Federal Reserve (rothschilds paper printing co.) IRS (their collection agency) the courts (guilty until you prove your guilty) guilty
I'm sick and tired of it, so my question to all Americans "what the hell else are we waiting for?"
We are slaves, and every day I read a new article depicting our slavery.
A jobs policy that provides them for everyone else around the world except ourselves, in short!
a tax code that allows billion dollar companies to pay no taxes, while the guy flipping burgers pays much more.
We have capitalism that is actually fascism,
We have a military not designed for freedom, but designed for conquest.
an immigration policy that is designed to destroy us as if they're making new land every day.
an education department designed to train good little slaves and keep us obedient,
An energy department designed to keep us energy dependent,
and a media that spews nothing but propaganda.
Money backed by nothing,
Elections that offer no ability to elect our true rulers at the Fed, the IMF, the United Nations, the trilateral commission, the bankers,
nd a country that pretends to stand for freedom with no freedoms left available.
banks that don't protect our money, but steal it, and enslave us,
Doctors, and pharmaceutical companies that provide no health,
A nation of laws ruled by outlaws.
Judges and lawyers that provide no law,
a tax collection agency working for the non federal organization,
a Federal reserve that isn't really Federal,
we have a president who isn't really president,
The National Debt was created by the Federal Reserve, they say you owe it, did you vote for those who created it? NO!
Tyranny is taxation without representation, and that is what you have. You are taxed, but you never truly get to vote for those who rule
The Fed lent spent or borrowed over 16 trillion dollars around the year 2010, more than your elected officials created in all of US history!
Your true leaders (rulers) aren't even on the ballot, you will never in your lifetime be allowed to vote for who runs the Federal Reserve
The real freedom will be won with an awakening of society, not voting for the fools they place in front of us.
We have voted our freedoms away, or at least voted while our freedoms were being taken away!
I am less free than my father, and he is less free than his, and the one tie that binds is that we have diligently voted in every election
Who here is willing to go to their graves waiting?
Who here has not voted their entire lives, only to watch their freedoms diminish with every passing year.
Who here is still waiting for the return of their freedoms?
The Ballot Box is a destination that fools travel to in order to beg man for freedoms provided by GOD!
@LibertarianMike Laws are only written for the slaves to follow, they do not apply to your rulers, and those above the law.
Bankers are now GODS! ! ! Bow down before you non elected rulers ! http://t.co/NlkD5htr
@wakeup1442 What has been done 2 your constitution, must leave you crying at night, even a child would now understand that it's over! wakeup
@wakeup1442 law where they can control the air you breathe, the land you have, the water you drink, the medicine you take?  No, no more!
@wakeup1442 America the land of laws where a citizen can be groped, killed, disappear, their land seized, property stolen, and work taken
@wakeup1442 What law stands today?  None of them, laws are for you and me for control, nothing else.
In 1912 there was no federal income tax, no national debt to speak of, and no federal reserve bank, now we are slaves stamped with numbers
LAW?		We are nation of laws, ruled by outlaws!
No my fellow American, the laws are written for one purpose. Control, taxation, and the ownership of you and your children.
Laws do not apply whenever it comes to the President of the United States presenting a photoshoped birth certificate.
The laws do not apply even when it comes to waging war an illegal war with Libya!
Laws do not apply to JP Morgan and their manipulation of the silver and gold industry in order to protect their currency.
Laws do not apply to Corzine, and his theft of billions at MF global.
Laws do not apply to the TSA who can fondle people in public areas, and strip search granny.
Drugs are illegal, where are the laws that have locked up those in our GOvernment growing Poppy in Afghanistan?
Laws? Where is the law that locked up Eric Holder for selling guns to Mexican drug cartels?
You are according the laws on the books already an outlaw in the land of the free, and the home of the brave.
Let's put it one more way, if you are an American citizen there are probably a dozen laws that you wake up and violate every single day
The law that states that GE pays nothing in taxes, while you slave your life away only to have your pensions and social security stolen.
What about the law that is the 16th amendment that sold our country to a private banking cartel? It is the law.
There is a law that says no raw milk, or that you can't make cheese the way they have done for thousands of years, are you compliant?
There is a law in effect that says you can't grow food and sell it to your neighbor, are you obeying?
They've passed laws that you must buy health care from a private individual, do you listen?
They are wanting to pass laws to tax the air you breathe, the water you drink, will you follow blindly?
The word law seems to be a very powerful word in controlling human behavior.  They passed a law, we must obey!
Let's put it another way, it was once law that you could own a human being, and use him or her as if they were farm equipment.
Laws R mere figments of your imagination, created to rule your mind, your soul, and your spirit. They are nothing but words written on paper
It's time to live each day forth as if we are Americans as if we are free. There are no laws that should be obeyed that are unconstitutional
It's time to take it back.
My other favorite redirection of anger.		GET OUT THE VOTE ! ! ! ! !
Everything that was done to the Native Americans is now being done to us all.
The only reason we would fear a dictator now in the United States, is because we have created the police state for them to take over!
This isn't America, it's not the land of the free, and from what I can tell no longer the land of the brave.
These are all very real, and very precise charges. These are not light, or transient. They have not been levied without much thought,
4. The Federal Reserve coining our currency and lending it to our government is illegal. Money is to be coined by congress
3. I accuse the government of nothing less than theft. Stealing money from one citizen to give to another citizen or corporation is illegal,
2.The long abuse of this government participating in illegal wars, and illegal actions against the publicOperation Gunrunner, Growing Poppy
1. taxation without any representation. The true rulers of our country are not on any ballot,  The IMF, The Fed The UN are not on my ballot.
That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it,
Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,
By the power invested in me under the declaration of independence, I hereby abolish the tyranny of the Federal Government.
Or my favorite redirection of anger, get out the vote! Vote them out! What a waste, how about drag them out! Fire them effective today!
My point being everyone who tells you to do nothing in fear of getting the dreaded martial law! What do you think is already happening?
Martial law exists right now in the United States, and it's only getting worse.
Web sites being shut down and disappearing
Permits needed to even protest.
Not allowed to film police in Illinois
Searching homes with nothing other than suspicion.
Drone surveillance in US cities.
Passports (papers Please) It's now harder to get out than in.
Wire taps!
THE TSA strip searching Miss America, or playing with Grandma's goodies.
The destruction of our economy, and the selling of our manufacturing.
The growing of poppy in Afghanistan
The poisoning of food in the gulf
The endless fracking of our water supplies
Wanting to control all water
Can't grow and sell your own food
Government Caught selling guns to drug cartels for the design of gun confiscation.
A bill to lock up people without trial
They are already using martial law in the United States.
@GrassrootTroopr You would have to have a someone who has proven themselves to be president first.
Who here thinks they can vote their freedoms back?
How can you both finance and complain about a corrupt system at the same time?
Tyranny in America is funded by those complaining about it
Tyranny in America ends the day you stop paying for it period.
@GrassrootTroopr I stand for freedom, what do you stand for?
AFTERBIRTHER : Definition: Someone who believes if you come to America after your born you can still be a natural born citizen.
AFTERBIRTHER : Definition: Those who refuse to realize Obama didn't come to America until after birth ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Bankers are GODS! http://t.co/NlkD5htr
Step 20. Create an IMF world bank (the bunker) then once the system collapses, the IMF Bank will come in with their new global currency
Step 19. Make sure all currencies around the entire world collapse at the same time.
Step 18. Exempt all your rich banker friends from the tax code. Create a elite ruling class that is above all laws. Also exempt elite rich.
Step 17. Collapse the currency while stealing everything of real wealth. Take all their houses, car companies,  all the little banks
Step 16. Create a boogie man. Someone you can chase into any nation on earth that will erase all boarders and give you global jurisdiction.
Step 15 Create the largest military power the world has ever seen. Send them out across the World and make others pay for your protection.
Step 14. Create the laws themselves for the puppets you financed and placed in office to sign to see what is in them.
Better yet create a war and create the largest prison population per capita in the world. Filled with Drug war casualties.
Step 13. While your at it, throw a party and give them all drugs, lots of drugs, especially CIA grown Opium from Afghanistan!
Step 12. Gut the economic power of the United States, take away al their manufacturing power, limit their ability  energy self-sufficient,
Step 11. Make sure you take away their belief in God, and charity by taking away so much in taxes that no one can give to their churches.
Step 10. Have a nation without boarders! Make sure our neighbor to the South is weak and corrupt, and canada depends on us for their defense
Step 9. Create a system that is sure to collapse.
Step 8. Create huge unfundable and unsustainable social programs, this will make the banks look charitable
Step 7. Enslave the women too. Call it something else, like the womans liberation movement. Take all the mothers  and put them to work
hen once they can't pay the loans on the money that was created out of thin air reposes their now real assets  for even more profits!
Then since they don't have enough money left, lend them money that doesn't exist, and have them pay it back to you with interest.
Step 6. Create a three pronged attack on money collection.	Tax the money out of them.
Step 5.Back the currency with the promise of the labor of your citizens Some call it taxation,but it is stealing of ones labor and freedom.
Step 4. Print money backed by the gold & Silver standard in order to destroy the gold and silver standard, leaving the banks all power
Step 3. Turn the courts upside down. Guilty until we prove that your guilty, then your guilty, and you go to banker family prison.
Step 2. Create an IRS to go out and rough up anyone that doesn't want to pay up. aka the goon squad.
Step 1. Pass the 16th amendment creating a Federal Tax code that is paid directly to private banking families (the FED)!
That's ok though, everything is fine, they just juiced the market with massive injections of money.  Wall Street will be fine!
That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it
I think people are numb to it. We've intentionally been desensitized to corruption, stealing, looting, you name it.
We are slaves, and every day I read a new article depicting our slavery
A jobs policy that provides them for everyone else around the world except ourselves
a tax code that allows billion dollar companies to pay no taxes, while the guy flipping burgers pays much more
We have capitalism that is actually fascism
a military designed to be the world police
an immigration policy that is designed to destroy us as if they're making new land every day
an education department designed to train good little slaves and keep us obedient
An energy department designed to keep us energy dependent
a media that spews nothing but propaganda
Money backed by nothing
Elections that offer no ability to elect our true rulers at the Fed,  IMF, the United Nations, the trilateral commission, the bankers, etc.
and a country that pretends to stand for freedom with no freedoms left available
banks that don't protect our money, but steal it, and enslave us
Doctors, and pharmaceutical companies that provide no health
A nation of laws ruled by outlaws
Judges and lawyers that provide no law
a tax collection agency working for the non federal organization
a Federal reserve that isn't really Federal
we have a president who isn't really president
Watched an old lady at the post office get a passport the other day, she had to show more paper work than our non President.
Over 600 trillion dollars in derivatives, the debts should all be wiped out, and start over.
The Federal Reserve (Rothschilds paper printing company) The IRS (Rothschilds collection agency) The Courts (Rothschilds shakedown system)
JP Morgan Chase is the Federal Reserve
Andrew Jackson fought against A Federal Bank almost losing his life, only to have his image plastered on Federal Reserve Debt Notes.
In 1912 there was no federal income tax, no national debt, and no FEDERAL RESERVE, now we are taxed slaves.
Violence, Force, Theft, Killing, all ok if you are Government, bad if your an individual.  Morality does not apply to Government.
Those waiting to vote back their freedoms will never be allowed to vote for who truly runs their lives.
Those who rule make laws, and force you to obey	You are told to wait for change, vote a little longer, obey.  	Freedom must be taken!
Iceland told the bankers and their debt masters to go screw themselves!  Freedom!
A tax revolution is going on right now in Greece!  The presstitutes won't say a word.
The Declaration of Independence is law, and clearly gives the authority to abolish a destructive government that is threatening our freedoms
By the power of the Declaration of Independence, I abolish the Federal Government for Not allowing a former Governor to sue the TSA
By the power invested in me by the Declaration of Independence, I abolish the Federal Government for a president with no birth certificate
By the power invested in me by the Declaration of Independence, I abolish the Federal Government for open manipulation of gold and silver
By the power invested in me by the Declaration of Independence, I abolish the Federal Government for openly supporting fascism
By the power invested in me by the Declaration of Independence, I hereby abolish the Federal Government for not following the constitution
By the power invested in me by the Declaration of Independence, I abolish the Federal Government for stealing land under imminent domain
By the power invested in me by the Declaration of Independence, I hereby abolish the Federal Government for attacking countries like Libya
By the power invested in me by the Declaration of Independence, I hereby abolish the Federal Government for letting the Fed coin currency!
By the power invested in me by the Declaration of Independence, I hereby abolish the Federal Government for growing poppy in Afghanistan
By the power invested in me by the Declaration of Independence, I hereby abolish the Federal Government for letting GE pay no taxes
By the power invested in me by the Declaration of Independence, I hereby abolish the Federal Government for selling guns to drug cartels.
The only problem with our military is that they are pointed in the wrong direction, they should give Americans freedom first.
Today, they got together and decided to print more money, the slavery continues.
We are the United States of America, not the United Federal of America.
The Declaration of Independence, it is time to abolish the federal government and their tyranny and institute a constitutional government.
I have less freedom than my father, he has less freedom than his, and we have one thing in common, we spent a lifetime voting for fools!
Laws only exist in your mind.  It was once law that you could own humans and use them as farm equipment.  Break the chains.
Yesterday the constitution was once again shredded.  The right to detain without a trial anyone they choose.
One sentence that will prove American Freedom is a lie. Taxes are not voluntary.
In 1912 there was no federal income tax, no national debt, and NO FEDERAL RESERVE, now we are taxed slaves.
The Federal Reserve will never be audited, it is a private organization.  They are your true rulers. It is tyranny
The Federal Reserve must end.
Once freedoms are lost, they will never be voted back, but will have to be taken.
Freedom can never be won at the ballot box, your true leaders are never on the ballot!  IMF, THE FED, United Nations, etc.
We have become a nation of laws ruled by outlaws.
why doesn't the tea party hijack the occupy wall street movement?  I mean really, they do have the right target
@tasteofaz One word for your naive opinions on voting your freedoms back.  SUPERCONGRESS
ARE YOU STILL PAYING FOR YOUR OWN ENSLAVEMENT ?
Freedom, is never free.  It is never given upon request.  It is never voted for, but it is always taken boldly by those who demand it!
2 out of every 3 people are about to die.  http://t.co/pwWQycu
Oh, My, GOD ! ! ! ! !    The Destroyer is alive, and it's biblical!  http://t.co/pwWQycu
Stock Market down 519 points, and that's with the Federal Reserve Manipulating it !
Gold is fixing to bump $1800 dollars an ounce
RT @RasmussenPoll: 16% Say U.S. Heading In Right Direction... http://t.co/fEgRAoc
RT @MisesNews: Peter Schiff : there is no ceiling to the price of Gold because there is no floor to the dollar | Gold and Silver Blog ht ...
Stock Market Panic ! ! ! ! !   http://t.co/oW0T330
How to not pay your property taxes?  http://t.co/GZtyieF
These procedures are known as the Rule of	Law."
If you resist arrest, you will be clubbed. If you defend yourself against	clubbing, you will be shot dead.
"If you refuse to pay unjust taxes, your property will be	confiscated. If you attempt to defend your property, you will be arrested.
@tjholthaus Hell no they didn't win the debate! They're not even real Tea Party members!  The Tea Party was a tax revolt, not a GOP movement
The gun to every American's head.  http://t.co/qAb76JB
RT @CO2HOG: Praying for Marizela: Month 5 http://bit.ly/oPdG3q #tcot
And you damn fools still claim to be free MEN !!!!?
America Watercraft Registration Tax	Well Permit Tax	Workers Compensation Tax
America Telephone Usage Charge Tax	Utility Taxes	Vehicle License Registration Tax	Vehicle Sales and License Tax
America School Tax	State Income Tax	State Unemployment Tax (SUTA)	Telephone Federal Excise Tax
America Service Charge Taxes	Social Security Tax	Road Usage Taxes	Sales Tax	Recreational Vehicle Tax
America Luxury Tax	Marriage License Tax	Medicare Tax	Property Tax	Real Estate Tax
America Inventory Tax	Interest Income Tax	IRS Interest Charges, IRS Penalties (tax on top of tax)	Liquor Tax
America Food License Tax	Fuel Permit Tax	Gasoline Tax (42 cents per gallon)	Hunting License Tax	Inheritance Tax
America Dog License Tax	Federal Income Tax	Federal Unemployment Tax (FUTA)	Fishing License Tax
America Accounts Receivable Tax	Building Permit Tax	Business License Tax	Cigarette Tax	Corporate Income Tax
America When he's gone,	Do not relax,	Now, its time to apply	Inheritance tax.
America Put these words	upon his tomb,	"Taxes drove me	to my doom..."
America Then tax his coffin,	Tax his grave,	Tax the sod in	Which he's laid.
America When he screams and hollers,	Then tax him some more,	Tax him till	He's good and sore.
America Tax all he has	Then let him know	That you won't be done	Till he has no dough.
America Tax his car,	Tax his gas,	Find all the ways	To tax his ass.
America Tax his cigars,	Tax his beers,	And if he cries,	Tax his tears.
America Tax his tobacco,	Tax his drink,	Tax him if he	Tries to think.
America Tax his ties,	Tax his shirt,	Tax his work,	Tax his dirt.
America Tax his cow,	Tax his goat,	Tax his pants,	Tax his coat.
America Tax his tractor,	Tax his mule,	Teach him taxes	Are the rule.
America Tax his land,	Tax his bed,	Tax the table	At which he's fed.
America, if it moves tax it!
America, the most indebted nation in the history of mankind!
America, Come fly with us, and have your right to privacy violated.  WE molest children, grandmothers, and yes even Miss America!
America, Where in Indiana it is now law, that the police can kick your door down if they SUSPECT you are doing something illegal!
America, Where in 1912 Federal Income Tax was unconstitutional, but in 1913 we threw away that freedom to Private Banks!
America, to lazy to work for a living or produce anything, so we print money and fool the rest of the world into thinking it has value!
America, the home of illegal wars.  NO ONE KNOWS WHAT THE HELL WE ARE DOING IN LIBYA!
America, you think you own anything around here, try not paying your rent to the government on it.  THey'll steal it in broad daylight
America, The land of fraudclosure, where the courts, and the banks rig the system to create lost documents to steal your home.
America, The land of the Federal Reserve Banking Cartel.  These are your true masters.  Their currency says in GOD WE TRUST, they r Ur GODS
America The land of Corporate debt becoming private sector debt, otherwise known as fascism!
America, the land where the Man pretending to be president has to show less documentation to be Chief than I do to get a passport.
America where the CIA grows poppy in afghansitan, and we arrest our citizens for using it!
America where the man who doesn't want us to have guns is selling them to mexican drug cartels.  http://t.co/tLa1wOm
America, where our elections are rigged.  http://t.co/XlkRW3e
America the living definition of tyranny under the new super congress.
America, we are told we are a nation of laws, yet we are ruled over by unelected outlaws!
America where we are told we are capitalists, Yet the only thing holding up the stock market is the Federal Reserve the biggest investor
America where we proclaim freedom but have only what the Government allows
The New Super Congress, Taxation without representation ! ! ! ! !   You do not vote for these people, congress does !
Enraged over the new Unconstitutional Super Congress, Start taking it all back now !  !  http://t.co/GavDelF
The Gun Behind Your check !  http://t.co/yBxWK0o
How is the law working for you slaves?
Hows that voting thing working for you all?   Slaves!
@AudiMathisen The Government is only concerned because everyone is waking up to the prison in which they live !  Of coarse their scared
The next tea party movement has begun.  The Declaration of Independence movement.  http://t.co/GavDelF
Declaration of Independence Movement, people are now demanding all their freedoms returned unconditionally.  http://t.co/GavDelF
declaration of independence   YES, or NO,  Go here to, and pin this article, or make a comment.  http://t.co/GavDelF
Declaration of Independence movement is awakening. You can vote, and suggest a pin for this article. http://t.co/GavDelF
The Declaration of Independence is now being declared by millions of Americans,  The powers that b are scared!  http://t.co/V5xEg5C
The next step in the evolution of the Freedom, or what was called the Tea Party Movement, is the Declaration http://t.co/V5xEg5C
The Declaration of Independence movement has started ! People from coast to coast demanding Liberty or Death! http://t.co/V5xEg5C
RT @tnlawgirl: Tax increases/debt ceiling increase serve 1 purpose: allow continuation of endless expansion of govt spending. JUST SAY N ...
The Tea Party was this ! http://t.co/tCZCMg8  and got turned into this ! http://t.co/c5sOY0a
The Tea Party started as a revolution to take back our country ! FOX news, and the republicans turned it into "get out their and vote!"
RT @wakeup1442: We are fighting illegal wars to give money & power to criminal banks. This is not in the interest of The United States o ...
The Tea Party was started as a tax revolt, FOX news, and the Republicans turned it into a get out and vote movement.  3 years later now look
@sonof_liberty Your right !  unfortunately
RT @wakeup1442: Your country's resources are being usurped by foreign banks to fight their foreign wars.Wars meant not just to conquer b ...
Bailouts, and raising debt ceilings are GREAT!  It's Wonderful!  It's Really Cool !  http://t.co/OMpnFaw
If Americans were ancient Jewish Egyptian Slaves, they would try to elect a new pharaoh for their freedom not realizing the game was rigged.
There is no point in history where freedoms have been returned at a ballot box.  No one has ever voted their freedoms back once lost.
Someone needs to explain how we became the United Federal Government of America, instead of the United STATES of America ?
The largest business in the entire world!  THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT!  Producing nothing, yet taking everything!
The founders of our country had a revolution over 2% of their yearly income being taxed.  IT WAS OUTRAGEOUS !! ! ! !
Our country was founded on a complete and utter refusal to pay any longer.  Otherwise known as a TAX REVOLT!
In 1912 there was no federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and NO Federal Reserve Bank!  Now we live as taxed slaves!
Save America, repeal the 16th amendment that was never ratified by all 50 states, and return the power to coin currency to congress.
If they default does that mean we get to stop paying?
The Federal Reserve is using fiat currency to purchase real assets on Wall Street while they collapse everything.
The Federal REserve Banking family is now the largest investor in WALL STREET.  That means they own more industries by the day!
The Federal Reserve is not bailing out Wall Street, and our country with quantitative easing, they are purchasing our industries at discount
@caffine_cigs We'll all be trillionaires, the bill will have Obama's picture on it, and it will buy you a loaf of bread !
RT @keder: Seriously, it's not good for our country when human beings depend on government for their very survival.
Default on the Debt owed to the private Federal Reserve ROthschild Banking cartel, and don't raise the debt ceiling !
RT @uncle_sam1776: #FF Proud To Be 1 Of This Gang Of Americans!  @Tx_NDHamby @j4140 @CelestialSkye @DeanToo @TeaPartyShirt @TheNationalD ...
RT @markross67: @teapartyshirt It's like we can see the iceberg ahead, and The Republican/Democrat answer is: Re-arrange the deck chairs!
@markross67 It's like watching a train wreck in slow motion.  Freedom is never the main issue though is it.
RT @markross67: @teapartyshirt The Republican Plan: Cut, Cap, and allow our national debt to rise by another $2T. #tcot #tlot
Here is where your debt ceiling originated. http://t.co/hmNoEok
Banker consolidation of power explained http://t.co/hmNoEok
RT @LibertarianMike: Liberty is not collective, it is personal. All liberty is individual liberty. -- Calvin Coolidge, 30th US President ...
AMERICA DEFAULT BEGINS IN LESS THAN AN HOUR!!	http://t.co/hvReKIk
People love to credit the innovations & creativity of the individual to the GOV.  We would be on the moon by now if not for Government
@markross67 I honestly believe that this currency is in its death throws.  GODFREQUENCY http://t.co/ddN3yw1
RT @markross67: @teapartyshirt They don't need to raise taxes. All they need to do is keep on printing. Taxation without even a vote!
Andrew Jackson fought and opposed a National Bank, and in a cruel irony his picture now rests on a FEDERAL RESERVE DEBT NOTE ! ! ! ! ! !
We were given freedom, and we gave it away.  We sold ourselves and our children to bankers in 1912.
The Founders of this Nation were so outraged at the oppressive tax rate of 2% of their yearly income they decided to shoot their tyrants.
In 1912 Federal Income Tax was unconstitutional!  Then The Federal Reserve was created, and now we are talking about a new debt ceiling!
Our founding fathers did not vote our freedoms from King George of England.
The Jews did not vote their freedoms from the Egyptians, they took them back.
No people in the history of mankind have ever, I repeat ever voted their freedoms back!
You will never vote your freedoms back.  They own the media, the corporations, the banks, the politicians, and you.  You'll have to take it!
@RonPaulNews Hey man, like do you have some Walnuts man?  I'm desperate man, I just need a quick protein fix, that's all.
@Jenfidel @ttjemery @ttjemery: God Almighty please liberate the US from Obama puppet of the Bankers.In Jesus name, Amen #TeaParty
Federal Reserve (Rothschild's Paper Printing Company) IRS (Rothschild's collection agency) the Law (owned by the Rothschilds) Guilty!
Most Americans worship at the alter of "In God We Trust" Federal Reserve Debt Notes, which have no value.  Paper printed out of thin air.
Our money says "In God We Trust" yet has no Christian symbols, so which God Exactly are you trusting in?
A man of God speaking on the subject of  Federal Reserve and Usery.  http://t.co/lHguOx8
Someone owns this nation, and it's not the Chinese.  Can you name your owners boys and girls?  Can you name those who own you?
Hey Federal Reserve Private Banking family Levitiucs 25:37 You must not lend them money at interest
Hey FED Levitiucs 25:37 You must not lend them money at interest
Hey FED Do not take interest or any profit from them, but fear your God, so that they may continue to live among you.
Hey FED "If you lend money to My people, to the poor among you, you are not to act as a creditor to him; you shall not charge him interest.
@charliemax as citizens we could say that we suspected them of being terrorists also.
@charliemax I think we should protest, by starting to grab the TSA agents in the same places they grab us while they molest us.
RT @charliemax: TSA Screener Brings Woman To Tears Through Aggressive Body Search | Pixiq http://bit.ly/mSvcuw Why does anyone submit to ...
The bible warns christians about usery! ! ! http://t.co/lHguOx8
RT @markross67: This President is worse then a 'Wet Blanket' on business. He is more like a broken dam! @GretaWire #tcot #tlot
Yes, we are going to bank our way into prosperity, because we are the country of usery !  ! !
Banking ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! AMERIKA's Biggest industry.
Reporters are not watchdogs, but Federal Reserve Family lap dogs, laying around on the porch of their masters attacking anyone who steps up
It's not media bias, it's media ownership by the elite across the board.  They frame the arguments they want you to see.
@roadrun775 Yes because MSNBC isn't owned by the non tax paying General Electric, and CNN isn't owned either I suppose. Grow up.
RT @AbleGoodman: UNCONTROLLED SPENDING ISN'T the real threat.The UNconstitutional power 2 create debt-based fiat currency out of thin ai ...
Why is the media framing the tea party for over 100 years of deficits and reckless spending.  Because they're owned by the banksters!
@ConserValidity Because the media is owned ! ! ! That's why no one is listening anymore .
Cop tells U.S. citizen violating no laws "I should have pulled my glock and shot you full of 10 holes" http://t.co/S2ty7ag
RT @getFFL: Cop threatens to kill concealed carry gun owner during routine traffic stop: Granted the man, who is identified ... http://b ...
Their power rests in your belief of their power.  It's like currency countries world wide are dropping the dollar, and the currency is dying
100 of thousands of people across the country are now refusing to even acknowledge the power of this government and their tyranny.
If you always do, what you've always done, you will always get what you've always had.  This is why we're slaves voting for our masters !
RT @LibertarianMike: A body of men holding themselves accountable to nobody ought not to be trusted by anybody. -- Thomas Paine #quote
The Debt ceiling is nonsense explained in simple terms so that even the brainwashed can understand.  http://t.co/IPuoeqx
Debt ceiling talks explained.  http://t.co/qm3BmY8
The biggest crime family in America has just been exposed !   EXPLOSIVE AWAKENING !  http://t.co/Autprru
Obama has to have the debt ceiling raised in order to initiate his plans for the take over of our freedoms.  Remember his civilian army TSA
The Debt Ceiling is crucial for the take over of this country.  If it doesn't pass the NWO fails it's plans for complete control of our live
The Federal Reserve is not bailing us out, their taking ownership of us ! ! !
QE3 isn't the rescue of Wall Street, it's the purchase by the Federal Reserve of American companies.
"The Fed Outsourced Most Of Its [$16 Trillion in] Emergency Lending Programs To Private Contractors http://t.co/1gDAxkC
FOX news who is owned by the richest elite, is threatening the TEA Party to raise the Debt Ceiling to enslave more americans.
BREAKING NEWS!!Merkel says Greece must face 'selective default' after pact with SarkozyShe persuades French president to drop bank levy plan
@pinnie99 @MaineMiiarty Who spent more is not the argument.  Who lent them the money to sell us?  The Federal Reserve Bank !
@Sami_Shamieh @KatyinIndy Good default, and we can stop paying this bankrupt Government ! !
@TheaGood My wife was born with hers.  A tumor.
@TheaGood my wife is disabled, I'm sorry to hear that.
@fairflattaxnow NOTHING PERSONAL, JUST PISSED
@fairflattaxnow  Shut down the departments of education, transportation, energy, etc. then we'll talk about "FAIR"TAXATION !
@fairflattaxnow  Even at 50% not paying they're still able to afford to spend 2 out of every 10 dollars in the United Government ofAmerica!
@fairflattaxnow  Even at 50% they're still able to afford to hire 1 out of every 10 people for Government.  SO that's too much right !
@fairflattaxnow  Even at 50% they're still able to afford to give money away to foreign countries.
@fairflattaxnow  Even at 50% they're still able to afford 30,000 firearms to give to mexican drug cartels ! !
@fairflattaxnow Even at 50% they're still able to afford the TSA so they're being paid too much aren't they.
@fairflattaxnow Good now maybe the other 50% will stop paying, and we can talk about freedom from tyranny.
Politicians are people, they put their pants on one leg at a time, just like u.  They can be dragged into the streets!  Imagine that on TV
Why must Americans wait for another election for freedom?  Are they so weak as to not demand their freedoms back no matter who is in office?
@EternalRiteWing I'm afraid you will vote your and your children's lives away.  Why do we have to wait for another election for freedom?
@TheaGood Yes, I am currently a slave working for the Government Mafia !
I have an uncle who is broke, and keeps asking me for money, should I give it to him?  He lives on credit ! ! ! !
@griffinrc We can file lawsuits against a cookie stand, but not against Illegal guns sales, CFTC rigging, or Obama's Birth C.
@griffinrc I wonder if our lawless government paid taxes on the 30,000 firearms sold to the Mexican drug cartels?
@EternalRiteWing We are a nation of laws governed by outlaws.  This case will never make it to trial, they are cowards !
The largest corporation in the entire world !   THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT!  producing nothing, bleeding us all!
Our country was founded on a tax revolution!
Why is the debt discussion a move to abolish the federal reserve, THey were created to stabilize our currency and markets !
I'd like to introduce you to your masters AMERIKAN comrades!  http://t.co/Autprru
Proof that the media is owned by bankers!!!!!!!!! Where are these peoples pictures at? NO PICTURES! NO DOCUMENTARIES!  http://t.co/Autprru
They own wall street, both political parties, all industries,you, and your children.  If you can't see your slavery U will lose.
With both parties, the media, all the corporations all being controlled by the Federal Reserve, you're going to vote your freedoms back?
Your freedoms are lost forever. You will never vote your freedoms back, the deck is too stacked, they control it all!
RT @1anobody: @carold501 We don't need hope and change we need gut and rebuild. #tcot #teaparty
RT @N_IdahoElection: WHAT IS TO DISCUSS? VOTE NO ON ANY NEW DEBT - NO DEBT CEILING INCREASE!	NONE!	RT @Raul_Labrador Congressman Labrado ...
I officially state here and now that I by the power invested in me under the declaration of independence.  ABOLISH THIS TYRANNICAL GOV
Is it me, or is our Government nothing more than a mafia?
RT @survivalstation: Socialist Party of America releases names of 70 Congressional Democrats that are Members: http://t.co/EFw5TI8 #tcot ...
We have to stand ground somewhere, no one should buy obamacare, and no one should pay the penalties!  If half the country didn't obey ! ! !
@jamiedupree DEBT BRIEF.  You mean the money owed to the private federal reserve banking family.  NOT PAYING IT!
Taxes, why do people say the bible says to pay taxes? It doesn't. It does say that Usery is a sin ! http://t.co/lHguOx8
Usery explained http://t.co/lHguOx8
@TheaGood You're the reason tax revenues are collapsing.  Get back on that treadmill and do you patriotic duty you slob ! GET plugged in!
Sharpen up the Guillotine's Freedom is coming frenchy style ! http://t.co/VewCCcr
HOLY JESUS THIS IS BREAKING NEWS!!		Merkel says Greece must face 'selective default' after pact with Sarkozy
Is it time for this yet ? ? ? ? ? ? http://t.co/VewCCcr
Inn 1912 there was No Federal Reserve Bank, No Federal Reserve Income Tax, and a tiny national debt, now we are taxed slaves !
@Drudge_Report More money they won't pay taxes on!  They're leading the tax revolution !  ! !
U.S. taxpayers likely lost $1.3 billion in the government bailout of Chrysler! Private debt became taxpayer debt! http://t.co/xVLPoyI
We are ruled by the Federal Reserve, and their 6 largest banks in America!
The final nail speech.  Ron Paul http://t.co/DGoU8G4
If the Government defaults, are you still going to pay them taxes?
@Dagny_Galt @American1st  agreed!  that's why I say you will never vote your freedoms back.  Tea party is up there and nothing!
RT @genjunky: NATO attacks Pakistan - Obama wants World War 3 - NATO helicopters invade, attack Pakistan Army   http://www.youtube.com/w ...
Freedom speech!  What happened to these types of speeches?  http://t.co/pB2f4Cw
@American1st Your anger is misguided, It was the Fed Reserve Loan sharks lending money they never had, that has enslaved us.
Our Child molesting, drug selling, firearms dealing, poppy growing, innocent bombing, freedom stealing, money extorting Government!
Our lawless Government grows poppy, sells firearms to mexico, refuses to defend our boarders, bombs the innocent.  MAFIA
There is just one thing missing from the laws in Ameika !  It's a big word.  JUSTICE!
We are a nation of laws governed by outlaws ! ! !
WHy are people watching Washington as if you will obey anymore of their Tyranny they pass?
RT @CO2HOG: via @hotairblog: Speaker Boehner to Rush Limbaugh: There is NO deal http://bit.ly/nVD0Kk #tcot
RT @genjunky: RT @Rickel295: @genjunky I Hear YA-Higher Power- HHmm -I Got Something High Powered :) / Calm down now my friend LOL!!!!!
@CStevenTucker IN 1912 there was no Federal Income tax, it was unconstitutional.  Their thirst for our labor will never be satisfied!
Freedom has never in the history of mankind been awarded at the ballot box.  You can never vote your freedoms back.
The most American thing that you can do at this point in time is to mirror the behavior of our founding fathers, and go all in!
It is time for disobedience, and the refusal to comply to a corrupt system.
It is time that we no longer beg, or ask for our freedoms back, but take them boldly!
It is now time that We no longer march in the streets, but march across the top of oppression and tyranny!
It's now time in America that we rise up with one voice and demand freedom!
It's now time in America to put it all on the line.  After you go all the way, it will be complete freedom, or slavery.
Our country was founded on a tax revolt.  FOX news turned the Tea party into a get out the vote movement!
Bob Chapman there is no question now that the game is over!  http://t.co/gLhR5WR
Greenwave explaining your slavery http://t.co/hexqLoN
Obama to add 20,000 troops to US streets in the event of Civil unrest  	http://t.co/tCjk0Ai
16 Trillion dollars ! ! ! ore than the national debt. Here's where it went!  http://t.co/ElHeFfP
@wakeup1442 Nope, social security was a lie, and now they expect us to pay for the lie.
YOUR FREEDOMS WILL NEVER BE RETURNED TO YOU AT THE BALLOT BOX,
The money that they say we owe, never existed  therefore the debt is an illusion for nothing more than psychological slavery
It will happen, and here is the biggest secret of all, (It's engineered)
even if they were told about it, they would have said, ahh, that can never happen, because it never has happened.
They could have never seen the slaughter that was fixing to happen,
they didn't want to lose what they had or risk anything. They had shops and businesses, and a life.
You people are insane, your just like the Jews in Nazi germany, they didn't fight back because they were comfortable
This doesn't even touch foreign insolvency problems.
The Fed is the single largest investor in the fake U.S. stock market!
The Fed is now the largest buyer of our own treasuries, this in itself is default.
gold and silver are now skyrocketing.Yes they'vestalled for a short time, but it is because of outright manipulation just to protect the Fed
unemployment of 20% you could drive from coast to coast through 10 states, and not one single person in all 10 states would be employed!
Cities and states from coast to coast are collapsing and declaring bankruptcy.
People aren't paying the government anymore! can't afford it, lost their job,  refusing because of the corruption! tax revenues collapsing!
Rating agencies are already starting to hack away at our credit rating, and it doesn't matter if they raise the debt ceiling!
We have a 20% unemployment in an economy that is 72% based off of consumption!
1 out of every 10 workers are government workers.
$2 out of every $10 spent now in the US are Government dollars.
China has opened up it's own silver exchange because the cftc and ours is so corrupt!
Fort knox sets empty, and hasn't been audited in over 30 years. It was used to prop up our fiat currency just a little longer.
There is No money in Social Security, it was stolen years ago!
Social Security was in the red as of February of 2010!
The FDIC is bankrupt, meaning all your money is insured by a bankrupt organization.
Last week, South Korea and Japan, our freakin allies got together with china and dumped the dollar!
Last month the 6 fastest growing economies got together and have already dumped the dollar!
We are the largest debtor nation the world has ever known.
Our biggest industry is banking with fiat money.
We don't manufacture on make anything anymore.
We've run trade deficits for the last 35 years!
The post office is bankrupt.
We officially spend more on entitlements that what we take in on tax revenue!
It is truly mind boggling, 	Someone with third grade math skills could figure this one out. The party is over!!!!
Biggest psy-op game in the history of mankind.  The Federal Reserve purchased our country and enslaved us with money that never existed
The Federal Reserve Bank is buying American companies on the stock exchange under the guise of quantitative easing!  They are buying us all
Quantitative Easing is double speak for wholesale purchasing. That's right the federal reserve is in the process of using fiat to purchase U
The Federal Reserve Banking family officially now own the stock exchange and every company on it! http://t.co/BqscpHV
RT @wakeup1442: We've had Bernanke counterfeiting money to impoverish us. Where is our Congress? Where are the courts?
RT @wakeup1442: People are milking at the government sow, it is their job to loot & rape the public. No one is there to look after inter ...
RT @wakeup1442: The British wanted to enslave the colonists, they demanded oppressive taxes & silver for money. They wanted to impoveris ...
RT @wakeup1442: It is NOT ok for Obama to bomb Libya.
The law is nothing more that propaganda, and brainwashing of the human sheeple, that it is meant to enslave, look at Greece, its coming!
The law allows your slavery through the stamping you with a social security number, to your gunpoint enforced servitude.
The law allows a private family to print money out of thin air, while you spend every day of your life working for yours.
The law is meant for your enslavement, not their accountability.  The law only protects those in power.
The law is so complicated that every single American wakes up and breaks at least a couple laws every single day of their life.
The law is now allowing TSA agents to fondle your genitalia in public places in front of strangers.  How is that law going for you now?
The law states that they get over half of everything you earn, and if you don't pay up you go to prison.   YOUR DEBTS MATTER, NOT THEIRS.
The law clearly states that when you die, half of everything you own is the governments.  It's the law.
The Law states they can take your land, break down your door, grow poppy for your children,steal your wealth, and use it to blow up children
We are a nation of laws, and those running our country are OUTLAWS!  They are above the law, pay no taxes, and steal daily.
Those who obey the law, will be slaves!  For those creating the laws can grow poppy, sell weapons to drug cartels and bust down your door.
You have to take freedom, you can't ask for freedom, beg for freedom, or allow others to give you freedom, you can't vote for your freedom!
YOUR FREEDOMS WILL NEVER BE RETURNED TO YOU AT THE BALLOT BOX, it has never happened in the history of mankind.
I would never in a million years vote for Bachman, not after she voted for the patriot act
@Herfarm After 100 years of the Federal Reserve Raping our gold exporting our jobs, and controlling both parties we're all screwed.
To all of those out there still voting, can you explain to me why you're doing so?  What happens once you've voted your life away as a slave
In the history of Mankind freedom has never been won at a ballot box.  http://bit.ly/mbsbkR
Should we all imitate Goldman Sachs, and their behavior in order to defeat them?  http://bit.ly/mbsbkR
If we are a country of laws and freedoms, and equality, then we should all follow by example of Goldman Sachs,& the Fed http://bit.ly/mbsbkR
We should all be like Goldman Sachs, we should all have the same privledges as the Federal Reserve Family!  http://bit.ly/mbsbkR
12 Giant US companies are now leading a tax revolution against the Federal Reserve and a Fascist state http://bit.ly/kDrzoi
@CSteven Obama care isn't law, never will be law, and is irrelevant.  It is a law like prohibition, it will never be followed.
@Ed4USCongress You will never vote your freedoms back.  Ever!  There is not one example in history of people voting their freedoms back.
In 1912 there was No Federal Income Tax, for 12 of the largest US companies there is no, or Fed Tax http://bit.ly/kDrzoi
12 of the largest Companies in the USA are now leading the Tea Party in a very real (Don't pay taxes) Revolution! http://bit.ly/kDrzoi
12 massive US companies are now leading a tax revolution against the Federal Reserve and a Fascist state ! ! !  http://bit.ly/kDrzoi
Goldman Sachs is now siding with China for IMF head !!! After all the tax payer bailouts the traitors are now completing their role!!
@Architekt010 Sorry, I know your awake, and trying.
@boboatti I want all my freedoms back, I want them back as of this very second, and no man can create a law that takes them from me!
@boboatti Yes go to the polls.  I feel so much more free now that I've spent a lifetime voting and calling.  Working out Great!
@Architekt010 @blakehalltexas How old are you now, how has that voting thing worked out.  Can you declare yourself free.  Freedom when?
@Architekt010 @blakehalltexas You will never vote your freedoms back, or vote for the downsize of this Government, or the banking cartel.
In 1912 there was No Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank, now we are taxed banker slaves!
The United States Of Fascism!  Where the Dictator and chief can wage wars on Oil rich nations without congressional approval.
When we fight on foreign shores now, are we fighting for freedom for other countries or just to spread our fascism to their country.
Tyranny is Fascism, which has come to America!
Tyranny is the United States Government corp. being the largest employer in the entire world!!!!
Tyranny is control over the internet
Tyranny is the TSA sticking their hands down your pants!
Tyranny is the right to assemble freely, as long as you get a permit, and the powers in charge approve you for that time and date!!!!
Tyranny is politicians owned by lobbyists and bankers
Tyranny is a health care system that keeps you sick, a legal system that keeps you poor, a police system that makes you live in fear!
Fighting a war in Libya that was fought for banking control of that oil rich nation is Tyranny!  They had a bank before the revolution was 1
RT @fear_the_govt: @TeaPartyShirt police roadblocks are tyranny
A Global currency will be the biggest Tyranny of all.  For it is achieved you, nor any generation after you will ever be free on this earth.
Having all of our manufacturing jobs shipped to foreign countries for a New World Order, and global currency is Tyranny
Taking taxes from the working man to bailout the banking cartels of this country is Tyranny!
JP Morgan Chase profiteering off of the Government food stamp program is Tyranny!
Having your wealth taken at gun point in order to fund foreign countries without any vote of the people is Tyranny!
A multi-billion dollar company like General Electric paying no taxes, while the guy flipping burgers at Mcdonalds pays in is Tyranny!
The Bank of Wakovia laundering money through Mexican Drug Cartels is Tyranny!
Having mortgages robosigned by people working at McDonalds, and stolen by bankers and corrupt judges is Tyranny!
Having judges rewrite the laws in order to take freedoms from the citizens is Tyranny!
Lying to the public telling us we're fighting terrorism is Tyranny!
Handing over our currency to foreign bankers, and the Federal Reserve is Tyranny!
The Government owning more land than the Free Citizens of this Country is Tyranny!
Having our energy supply dictated to us by large oil corporations for profit is Tyranny!
Having the medical industry paying off Government to write laws to block cures, keep us strung out on non curing pharmaceuticals is Tyranny!
Having the media owned by the Banks, and Industry is Tyranny!
Not being able to select real leadership is Tyranny!
Being forced to fund unjust wars through ones labor is tyranny!
Having the Government Seize your land for public works is Tyranny!
Having the Government seize all half of all your property after you die is Tyranny!
forced to pay "social security" into a system that is bankrupt and you will never see a dime of the money back is Tyranny!
Being led by a criminal organization that grows poppy in Afghanistan, and funnels guns to drug cartels in Mexico is Tyranny!
Forced into military service to serve a banking cartels lust for power is Tyranny!
Unable to grow food of your choosing is Tyranny!
IRS guilty until proven innocent is Tyranny!
A federal income tax used to pay a private banking family is Tyranny!
Forced Health Care is Tyranny over ones very body!
Police stopping you without just cause is Tyranny!
Police coming into your homes without warrants is Tyranny!
USA Federal Government of Tyranny was abolished today!!!!  http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1495304/pg1
Hey VOTE tards!!!!  Name one time in history where any people on earth have voted for their freedoms back!!!!
HEY EVERYONE!!!!!!   HOW's that voting for your freedoms back going?  Has one damn thing changed.  How many years have you lost now?
@coldhardtruth you mean the same senators who work for the banking cartels, big pharma, big oil, and Wall Street, surely not!  I'm shocked.
@coldhardtruth the oil industry is controlled by those in power.  They have to produce something, banks get to create money out of thin air!
@coldhardtruth No that would be the banking industry, the Rothschild's the Bilderbergs, the Queen of England etc.
@wakeup1442 and to create the largest prison population per capita in the world!  Way to win that war boys!
RT @wakeup1442: The WAR ON DRUGS is a farce and a scam. The government is the principal criminal. But they use it as an excuse to get mo ...
@HeyTammyBruce wikileaks is a branch of the cia.  Wikileaks serves only to reaffirm the garbage our government feeds us, nothing new.
RT @wakeup1442: The government is so in bed with big business, Wachovia barely got a slap on the hand, no real prosecution. Where is pub ...
RT @wakeup1442: crime bank  http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2011/04/wachovia-paid-trivial-fine-for-nearly-400-billion-of-drug-related-mon ...
Obama passing bill that would stop flow of information over the internet. http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1501055/pg1
RT @wakeup1442: Wachovia/WellsFargo laundered 380 billion in drug money & got fined 160 million. And they call it a WAR ON DRUGS. It is  ...
RT @PHenry1775: BREAKING NEWS! US Military Refusing Orders from Barack Obama and Suing in Court! - United Truth Seekers http://tinyurl.c ...
Max Keiser OFF WITH THEIR HEADS!!!!     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciXw-4K-Gls
The Declaration of Independence states, that whenever Government becomes Tyrannical it is to be abolished.  It is time!
Total Freedom!
I want all my freedom back, not partial freedom, some freedom, I'm not willing to wait years of my precious life either, I want freedom!
Andrew Jackson was almost assassinated for opposing the Banks of England, now his photo sits on a Federal Reserve Debt Note!
There is no time in history where freedom was ever achieved at a ballot box by voting!  Ever!  Name one
@gretawire In 1912 there was No Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank, now we are taxed slaves!
In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax, NO National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank, now we are taxed slaves!
If we are the land of the free, why not make the tax code voluntary.  That would be freedom!
American Freedom Definition: Work at McDonalds pay taxes, own a multi-billion dollar company General Electric pay no taxes!  Freedom!
American Freedom Definition: Where the citizens of the country are being watched closer than our boarders!
American Freedom Definition: Wake up in a taxed house, drive a taxed car, fuel up taxed gas, buy taxed food, all paid with taxed income!
American Freedom Definition: A President getting to lead a country where I have to show more identification to leave the country!
American Freedom Definition: Fighting in foreign countries for Fascism!  Now that's freedom, nothing like fighting for GM & Wall ST. Banks!
American Freedom Definition: Being Groped by the TSA and watching 6 year olds,and Mrs. America get their vagina's played with!  That's free?
American Freedom Definition:  Work half your life to pay A private Federal Reserve Family for money lent they never had!  Now that's freedom
If Glenn Beck were Moses, Jews would still be slaves in Egypt today!
Has Glenn Beck like Moses led you to freedom Yet?  Are you more, or less free in the last few years he's been blabbing?
Has Glenn Beck give you your freedoms back yet.  You know the idiot with the chalk board that told you to remain calm years ago!!!!
As an American if you keep voting, at what point do you realistically think you will receive freedoms like the founding fathers intended?
So has everyone voted their freedoms back yet?  How many years are you going to continue to be a slave, vote and hope for you freedom?
We are all slaves to the ROthschild's Paper Printing CompaThe Fed), the Rothschild's collection agency IRS, and the their courts all rigged!
This country was sold into the dictatorship of the Rothschild family back in 1913 with the creation of the Federal Reserve Bank.
The United States is a dictatorship with two parties which are both controlled by the banksters!!!! So fight for your fascist dictators!
@LiliaEP You mean the Federal Reserve Democrats against the Federal Reserve Republicans.  No Difference look at Bush Obama policies.
your global masters http://www.milkeninstitute.org/events/gcprogram.taf?function=detail&EvID=2547&eventid=GC11
Dammit you said Osama was killed, crapt I was having a party, I thought it was the guy whose name rhymes, uh, er,never mind, I'm going 2 bed
The Fake President just killed the fake terrorists, to protect our fake freedom, and boost our fake economy!!! Woo Hoo
Lesson to terrorists.  If you kill thousands of our people we will hunt you down within 10 years while you live in a palace & die a martyr
RT @Artist4Palin: @TeaPartyShirt It is taking less than a day for the forgery fake idiot's Birth Certificate to be stamped NULL AND VOID ...
Obama's birth certificate has phtoshop layers. blueprint of creation http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=EgVIei87oFo
Obama's birth certificate has phtoshop layers.  Showing the blueprint of how it was created!  UNFREAKINGAMAZING!!!!
Oil is up, silver and gold are up, the dollar is falling apart, and the Fed keeps printing.  It's over.
The collapse is happening http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/quote?ticker=DXY:IND http://www.silverprice.org/ http://www.oil-price.net/
It's truly scary whenever the CIA cannot even forge a convincing false document for the President of the United States.  We're screwed
Silver up $3 an ounce in 2 hours !!!!!!! http://www.silverprice.org/
National Debt is owed to a private family!  The Federal Reserve (Rothschilds)  They never had the money to lend, you are their only asset.
Debt is Psychological Slavery that is not real.  The money to create the national debt never existed to lend in the first place.
Are you free, can you see the walls and chains that bind you? Do you see your masters? http://www.youtube.com/user/stefbot
If you want freedom, 1 must first stop paying those who are doing the enslaving!
Politicians will not give your freedoms back, ever, not one of them, not Trump, or Ron Paul, none of them.
You can never vote your freedoms back.  How many years have you been voting now?  When you die a slave you can tell them you voted!
The World no longer wants U.S. dollars.  Brazil, Russia, India, China , South Africa, Turkey have all dumped the dollar as trading $
Have you ever noticed that the church never got tricked into paying taxes.  That's because the people running it were educated, not cattle
Jesus never said pay your taxes.  His exact words were pay unto Caeser what is Caeser's and unto God that which is God's. BIG difference!
Gas now at 10 cents a gallon.  That's right for one 1920's mercury dime, you can buy 1 gallon of gas, Thanks to the Federal Reserve.
I audited the Federal Reserves stabilization of our currency over the last 100 years.  Results:  www.usdebtclock.org  END THE FED
The baby boomer impact of the collapse of the USA Fist full of collars http://www.zerohedge.com/article/guest-post-few-dollars-more-part-1
@unitedweremain gas tax roads are crapt, property tax, schools are crapt, State tax, their bankrupt, Fed Tax, they're bankrupt too.  Stop it
@ScottGrovesNC If you're still spending 5 months out of the year paying taxes, that is not freedom but slavery no matter who is in charge
@FloridaJayhawk I love Fox news, and the way they are verifying this certificate.  NOT!
Freedom has never in the history of mankind been voted for!  Ever!  Name one example.
I'm proud to be an American, where I'm owned by banker greed, and I won't forget the Fed Reserve who sold my ass into tax slavery.
A social security number is nothing more than a way to track and enslave you.  After all Social Security is bankrupt.  So why the number?
The dollar is collapsing. http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/quote?ticker=DXY:IND
Are you free, or a slave?.  http://www.youtube.com/user/stefbot
The worlds six fastest growing economies have dumped the U.S. dollar as their trade vehicle, now when we print we only tax ourselves.
Federal Reserve (rothschild's paper printing company) IRS their collection agency. Judges in kangaroo courts guilty until proven guilty
If we are all going to slave away paying the Rothschild Federal Reserve Banking family, I wish we would at least stop saying it's freedom
There are two classes of people now in the USA those who are sick of their tax slavery, and those who receive others tax slavery money.
We are nothing more than taxed slaves, or human cattle if you will.  We less freedom in this country with every generation
Is what your getting in return from the Government truly worth working half your life to pay taxes.
The Government does not provide freedom
The debt created that they want us to slave away paying for the rest of our lives is not real,  It is slavery to the Federal Reserve Bank
Our country was founded on a tax revolt!
The Government did not invent, electricity, refrigeration, the automobile, the airplane, no they do not produce, they only take your freedom
Many people confuse taxes with inventions.  Taxed slaves praise Government for modern conveniences they did not invent!
In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank.  Now we are taxed slaves.
Federal (Rothschild's) Reserve IRS collection agency built for the Rothschild's paper printing company.
Federal (Rothschild's) Reserve bought treasuries
Federal (Rothschild's) juiced stock market.
The Federal Reserve has tricked an entire nation into handing over power to them
We are so freakin screwed I don't even know where to begin.
This whole system is so f'd up, it's not even funny.
It says African on it, a term not being used in the 60's
It says Obama on it, and we all know he changed his name
Is it me, or does the document look like something that could be done in photoshop in 5 minutes or less.
Obama Certificate, I am truly impressed with the investigative reporting done on fox, the experts to verify the document etc. Great! lol
@CouldBeMe7 No, we didn't create the debt, the Federal Reserve  created it out of thin air.  They never had it to lend in the first place!
General Electric is leading the revolution against paying taxes to the IRS!  Should we follow?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsliQwT94nY
Libyan National Bank already established ! http://www.activistpost.com/2011/03/wow-that-was-fast-libyan-rebels-have.html#more
Bankers are now GODS!!!! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
Help me!  Go to http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1 and pin this article!
Bankers ar now GODS !!!! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1 Bring out the Golden Calf !
Revolution date set for March 26 http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1384200/pg1
Thousands of Citizens storm court room, and arrest a judge! http://bit.ly/gsNfCx
March 26th Pay no more taxes, pay no more bankers! Citizens arrest judge! http://bit.ly/gsNfCx
@BraveLad Bankers are now GODS! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
RT @BraveLad: @UntilimInCharge Any Amendment of taxation should repeal all alternative means else it'll just add a new kind of tax #TCOT ...
@DMashak Bankers are now GODS !!!! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
@free_US_Citizen Bankers are now GODS! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
@poochie7060 Bankers are now GODS! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
@BeachHeadHerald Bankers are now GODS! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
@freedom4USA Bankers are now GODS! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
@LaurieT333 Bankers are now GODS! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
@PeterSchiffInfo Bankers are now GODS! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
@CO2HOG Bankers are the Now GODS! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
@LibertarianMike I wrote this any input, or support appreciated. http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
@TPO_Hisself  I wrote this, let me know what you think http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1 retweet?
@icpchad  thanks
I wrote this article myself & would appreciate any retweets or support. http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
@icpchad I wrote this, and would appreciate any input you might have. http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
@awakeningaimee I wrote this myself, I would appreciate knowing what you think. http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
Bankers are now GODS!   http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1383858/pg1
@freedom4USA Bank protesters turn branches into services  http://www.morningstaronline.co.uk/index.php/news/content/view/full/101626
People are now rising up against BANKS !!!!! Hurray!!!  http://www.morningstaronline.co.uk/index.php/news/content/view/full/101626
RT @RadicalRuss: @TeaPartyShirt Actually, if profit corps were taxed 10% we wouldn't need to tax workers at all.
Banks that got bailouts being turned into homeless facilities! http://www.morningstaronline.co.uk/index.php/news/content/view/full/101626
MSM News Blackout!!!! Bank protesters turn branches into services http://www.morningstaronline.co.uk/index.php/news/content/view/full/101626
RT @MarkRMatthews: #TCOT @EmilyMillerDC: Amendments Passed to Eliminate Obama Czars and Defund FCC Net Neutrality Rules http://tiny.ly/4x31
@RadicalRuss  Oh yea, and no more property tax, vehicle tax, phone tax, or any of the other shit.  Just 10% period!
@RadicalRuss Only if flat tax means state, federal, sales, gas, combined is 10%, and Fed can't print any more money, OK.
cutting boarder funding to increase TSA funding, and a police state! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1366473/pg1
Girl Scouts busted!  Pay up you bitches! What you didn't get your permit?  We need our taxes! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDoQrEHKywc
Government selling our land to China http://amd.elequity.com/blog1.php?p=145&more=1&c=1&tb=1&pb=1
Homeland security DNA pat downs http://www.thedaily.com/page/2011/02/26/news-tsa-scanner-1-2/
‘Die starts After a Complete Collapse  http://www.shtfplan.com/emergency-preparedness/the-post-shtf-die-off-will-start-immediately_02232011
Paper metals markets will blow up, Rickards tells King World News  http://www.gata.org/node/9647
insurrection tIme in the United States! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ny6YI2JCP9Q&feature=player_embedded
People looting in MOBS! http://theeconomiccollapseblog.com/archives/mob-robbers-and-rampant-looting-is-this-the-future-of-america
Irish punishing those who sold them into banking slavery! http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20110227/wl_nm/us_ireland_vote
oil refinery in Iraq BLOWN UP!!!! http://www.debka.com/article/20710/
currency as a form of slavery http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1373485/pg1
no longer America! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9D6oGIYhpg
Question to all Americans.  Is your slavery so painful that you can't even bare to look at it? http://bit.ly/gBhShR
Our currency has become a bill of sale for your labor and your slavery! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1373485/pg1
U.S. currency now found to be backed by human slavery! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1373485/pg1
A very real slave plantation found in 2011 working inside U.S. Boarders! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1373485/pg1
U.S. currency now found to be backed by human slavery!  http://www.godlikeproductions.com/recentreplied.php
Everyone should read this one!!!!!! http://www.godlikeproductions.com/forum1/message1373485/pg1
Why does the Government need taxes at all, we could just give them some paper and ink, or maybe a computer, & create it out of thin air!
I want to be tax exempt like a church, get bailouts like a bank, be exempt from health care like McDonalds, and print money like the FED!
Hey EGYPT!!!!!! Bankers are your new masters now!!!!!! http://21stcenturywire.com/2011/02/25/kiss-egypts-revolution-good-bye/  Tweet that !
To the idiots who thought they would vote back their freedoms.  Here is what your newly elected officials did! http://bit.ly/g3Klsy
I want to be tax exempt like a church, get bailouts like a bank, be exempt from health care like McDonalds, and print money like the FED!
@LiliaEP That wouldn't work in the United States.
The events of the past few weeks have shown us that entire governments can be brought down in a single week.
@marcogiunta I want freedom as in 1912 freedom,1912 No Federal income tax, no national debt, & no Federal Reserve, now we are taxed slaves.
@marcogiunta Social media sucks as much as the Conservative media. The left and right fight it out, and the banks rob us all!
@JasonMattera Why is there no Asian month, Native American month, Latin Month, or white heritage month. Blacks are the only 1's withheritage
@survivalstation A debt clock on the ceiling would be more practical, at least it would cool the room as the hands spin out of control.
@LessaT I went to a Social studies convention last month, guess what the Federal Reserve was there to educate our educators! wonderful!
@EJTedsson Every single socialist program ever passed into law since the new deal, would have been unfundable without the Federal Reserve.
@EJTedsson Who funds the lefts socialist programs, Soros doesn't have enough money for 43.6 million food stamps.
@EJTedsson The Federal Reserve needs to make us dependent on Gov't. So they can introduce 1 world currency to save us all.
@BrandonKiser Twitter me at the end of March and tell me it was silly advice.
@kodolly Neither party will ever leave us the hell alone.
@kodolly The Republicans believe in giant business, giant government with a giant military complex. Democrats believe in Socialist hell.
@PrimorisEra Shooting someone who betrayed a nation who betrays and lies to us all?  Once the lies stop the entire system shuts down.
@BrandonKiser plus you can declare bankruptcy from credit card lenders, not student loans!
@BrandonKiser Don't study take out as many credit cards as you can & buy silver, it will be more valuable than your jobless degree.
@TejasKat code pink is so stupid. It makes all the rational arguments against policing the world look bad.
10 out of the 50 states completely unemployed!  Unemployment at around 23%!
7 out of the 50 states are now on food stamps.  Food stamps reach 43.6 million people!
A revolution against banks is the only way to win back our freedoms as Americans.  All banks including the Federal Reserve.
Abolish the banks, create state banks like North Dakota!  That is the solution to the financial problem versus becoming debt slaves.
Abolish all banks, and debt ceases to exist.  Every state then creates a state bank like North Dakota has.
Banks no more owned the properties they foreclosed on than they had the money to lend for the houses in the first place.
Stop paying all banks!  The answer was for every US citizen to stop paying banks, and keep everything they had.
Germany had democracy and elected Hitler, America had democracy & handed our country to the Federal Reserve.
Number of Americans Paying Zero Federal Income Tax Grows to 43.4 Million, Why is anyone still paying?
Obamacare is unconstitutional.  I had already decided to not pay this ever in a million years no matter what. It is non news.
Would Americans be pissed off if the Egyptians had inserted, and financed a Dictator here in the United States for over 30 years?
I agree with Glenn Beck on Egypt!  What Egypt does in their country is none of our business, especially after financing a dictator 30 yrs.
The ruling class should enjoy the very little time they have left. It's over! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciXw-4K-Gls
The US dictator in Egypt is getting kicked out. We should go in and install the Gov. that benefits us and enslaves Egyptians once again!
USA RIOTS soon? Tunis, Egypt, Algeria, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Spain, Italy, Ireland, Britain, Greece, Iceland, France, Iran, Germany, Russia
Egypt style revolution coming to the United States.  The end of American slavery.
Egypt is a Nation of people who finally fear their own enslavement more than death!  Our founding fathers reached that point also.
What I wouldn't give for a printing press with a nation of fools willing to trade their labor for it!
The United states isn't a house of cards but of lies.  Once the lies stop, the system collapses!
Once People Doubt the Legitimacy of Our own Government, It’s Over!  It's over.  They have no more authority to pass laws they are above!
I abolish this tyrannical Government in order to find a better Government not ran by the Rothschilds.
The Love Police ! This is damn funny! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDh0Cvsw9Jk
Freaking mind blowing!  http://www.youtube.com/user/stefbot#p/u/13/zao1_YBRggI
Now in the Real NEWS! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9M0Ckt0Yws&feature=player_embedded#!
Message To The Black Man http://bit.ly/ig7uIL
Corrupt Kleptocracy http://maxkeiser.com/
RT @iforecaster: Economy Teeters On The Brink and Market Manipulation Continues http://bit.ly/anFBuF #Gold #economics #market #metals #i ...
RT @InfowarsFeed: Ron Paul: Bailouts Constitute Economic Terror	http://tinyurl.com/9p7p7n
RT @geraldcelente: NYT:Nearly125 Arrested in Sweeping Mob Roundup GC:All Gambinos & Colombos, not one Geithner, Dimon, Blankfein. Why No ...
When he's gone,	 Do not relax,	 Its time to apply the inheritance tax.
Put these words upon his tomb,	 Taxes drove me to my doom...'
Tax his grave,	 Tax the sod in which he's laid.
When he screams and hollers;	 Then tax him some more,	 Tax him till he's good and sore.	 Then tax his coffin,
Tax all he has	 Then let him know	 That you won't be done	 Till he has no dough.
Tax his car,	 Tax his gas,	 Find other ways to tax his ass.
Tax his tobacco,	 Tax his drink,	 Tax him if he tries to think.	 	 Tax his cigars,	 Tax his beers,	 If he cries, tax his tears.
Tax his ties,	 Tax his shirt,	 Tax his work,	 Tax his dirt.
Tax his work,	 Tax his pay,	 He works for peanuts anyway!	 Tax his cow,	 Tax his goat,	 Tax his pants,	 Tax his coat.
Tax his land, Tax his bed, Tax the table  AT WHICH HE'S FED.	Tax his tractor,	 Tax his mule,	 Teach him taxes	 Are the rule.
Mineral Miracle Solution (MMS) is dangerous to the NWO (banksters) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLEEFLCefnM
My own personal experience with MMS, not bad! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLEEFLCefnM
Goodbye OBAMA CARE! MMS said to kill malaria, hepatitis, anthrax, cancer, flu, cold, parasites, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLEEFLCefnM
MMS said to Kill viruses, fungus, bacteria, and destroys metals in the body. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLEEFLCefnM
No need for health care if you can cure your own illnesses!  Did I say CURE, not treat! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLEEFLCefnM
We lead sheep, we drive cattle, we lead people.  Lead me, follow me, or get the hell out of my way! (Patton)
Better to fight for something than to live for nothing. (Patton)
We would not need a health care plan if there weren't 10 people getting paid to shuffle papers between you and your doctor.
We would not need social safety nets and programs if the Government wasn't destroying the churches and their ability to do charitable work!
How strong would the churches in America be today if the Government left citizens enough money to give tiding?
Nice names for slavery! Austerity, Taxation, Inflation, Security for your own protection! Freedom destroying laws.
Rothschilds tracking number Your social security number.  Rothschilds bank JPMorgan Chase aka (FEDERAL RESERVE).
The Rothschilds paper printing company (FED), Rothschilds kangaroo courts (supremes) Rothschilds collection agency (IRS) You are all cattle
Bankers rule the world, print the currencies, elect the politicians, finance the wars, and bankers R the masters to whom our taxes are sent!
In 1912 there was No Federal Income Tax, No National debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank.  No longer free we live now as taxed slaves!
I want freedom, Total Freedom, not partial freedom, some freedom, more freedom.  I want total complete freedom.
545 humans in the United States could give you all your freedoms back tomorrow, but they won't! 	http://bit.ly/gEeOJB
545 humans out of the 300 million  directly, legally, morally, & individually responsible for the problems in the USA http://bit.ly/gEeOJB
Glenn Beck's selective teaching of history (there was no American Revolution) and if there was, you're too stupid to have one now!
Hitler would have hired Glenn Beck to keep the allied forces calm and submissive while he took over the world and burnt the Jews!
Glenn Beck, If Glenn Beck were Moses, Jews would still to this day be building pyramids for pharaoh!
watching Glenn Beck talk to himself.  Has talked for ummm about 12 minutes, does this guy ever report on news??
Silver stocks will soon have to be taken off the silver standard, just as the Dollar was in the seventies.  Worthless paper!
By the power given to me in the Declaration of Independence, I here by abolish the Government of the United States of America. Limited GOV!
In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank! Now we are slaves! 1912 by 2012!
Obama Signs New Executive Order; Congress Officially Irrelevant  Jan. 19, 2011!!!!!!!
Obama makes Congress irrelevant http://logisticsmonster.com/2011/01/19/obama-signs-new-executive-order-congress-officially-irrelevant/
12 economic reasons for an impending collapse. http://bit.ly/gFwD8x
Our Government doesn't even need our taxes any more, they just print paper, and create zeroes in cyberspace.
America is a Nation of law (corrupt ones). Slavery was once the law, and now it is once again!
A Nation of laws?  The United States is over! http://www.breitbart.com/article.php?id=xprnw.20110118.CL31921&show_article=1
I believe, China is dumping the dollar, and all the military flexing they've been doing is in response to our country threatening them.
@markleewilkins Yep, how long to you think it will take them to reconstitute the IRA?  hours, days?
Thank you to the whole world for your agreeing to pay taxes to the United States so that we here can print money in exchange for your labor!
Thank you Greece, for selling yourselves into indentured servitude to the IMF (aka Banking families)  We all appreciate it here!
Thank you Ireland for selling yourselves into slavery to the American Bank Goldman Sachs.  Now our country is more wealthy, and you pay!
Federal Income Tax is exactly what it says.  The Federal stands for Federal Reserve privately owned banking family tax. 1912 no Fed Tax!
$12.3 trillion printed and given to banksters! 6 years of our countries Federal Income Tax!
The Federal Reserve Gave close to 3 trillion to foreign banks.  That's 1 1/2 years of our Federal Income taxes nation wide!
To all the stupid countries around the world who hold our dollars while we here in America live off your labor!  Thanks suckers!
@Geefunk009 slavery helped people loose weight also which is all taxes are.  Slavery! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xbp6umQT58A
RT @TCOT_Talk: RT @redostoneage Surprise American Taxpayer- Your on the hook for Euro bailout	http://ow.ly/3oAcq #news #tcot #ocra #ucot ...
@OneCrankyFemale Let's have 1912 style tax cuts! No Federal Income Tax in 1912!
@Im_bonafide I agree broaden the $0 tax obligation for everyone.  It would be like 1912 when there was no Federal Income Tax, no debt no Fed
@Dianykinns stop paying them then.
@Dianykinns How much of that 86% goes to the unelected Federal Reserve Banking family to service a debt created out of thin air?
RT @DesertScene: Mafia/Vatican/Money laundering. American JP Morgan bank involved!! http://tinyurl.com/24d7hgx #tcot #sgp #ocra #twisters
@rogpeck It's time we fired our servants, and stop paying for unelected tyranny.
@rogpeck The Fed Created 12.3 trillion for banksters.  Enough to have no taxes for 6 years!  Good thing your watching the real game.
If the Fed printed 12.3 trillion for Americans, the way they did for the banksters, no one would have to pay taxes for 6 years!
I love watching dictators decide how much of my money they are entitled to.
Federal Income tax collection is $2.1 trillion! Federal Reserve created $12.3 TRILLION, gave it to banksters worldwide! http://bit.ly/fOItIo
Americans marched over 900 billion in stimulus spending, the Fed gives banksters world wide over 13 trillion, and nothing!
Wikileaks a useful idiots used to control Americans http://www.youtube.com/user/geraldcelentechannel?blend=1&ob=4#p/u/0/sTILkIoQzVA
Wikileaks used for internet control, nothing else.  They were staged, and reveal nothing.
Collapse explained so that even a child would understand.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuAdnlfKbvw&feature=player_embedded#!
JP Morgan is short 3 1/2 billion ounces of silver http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZ9h4qFmfRI
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
In 1912 There was No Federal Income Tax, why because there was no Federal Reserve Bank, and No National Debt, Now we are taxed slaves.
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
The United States has been taxing the world through the printing of money.  This cycle is coming to an end now. We are on our own.
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb last year
43 million Americans on food stamps and the numbers are exploding.
Our third world neighbor is now refusing U.S. dollars at their banks! HA http://bit.ly/ddWeAw
JP Morgan is the Federal Reserve!
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund.
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
Only 42% of all income now comes from the private sector.
"The Los Angeles Times reported at the end of 2009, 41 Obama White House aides owed $831,000 in back taxes."
Crash JP Morgan, buy Silver!
I just placed myself on the Obama Care Waiver list, under the GFYS (Go #%$@! yourself) act.  That says you can't control my body!
Federal Reserve created $12.3 TRILLION, gave it to banksters worldwide! http://bit.ly/fOItIo  That's 6 years of total Federal Income Tax Rev
Federal Income tax collection is $2.1 trillion! Federal Reserve created $12.3 TRILLION, gave it to banksters worldwide! http://bit.ly/fOItIo
6 years of paying no taxes! the Federal Reserve gave 6 years worth of USA Tax revenues to banksters worldwide! http://bit.ly/fOItIo
2009 the Federal Gov collected $2.1 trillion tax revenue, spent $3.52 trillion and created $12.3 TRILLION for Bankers! http://bit.ly/fOItIo
RT @rodschmidt: It's official. Ron Paul is the Chairman of the House Monetary Policies Subcommittee. End the Fed! End the Fed!
I will call myself Federal Reserve no one will question who I am or ever ask to see my face, or the face of my family, I will rule the world
I will call myself Federal Reserve, I will print for my living, and purchase slaves world wide, peons will sell themselves & children to me!
The debt can return to where it came thin air, and the Federal Reserve Families who tried to trick billions into being their slaves, F-off!
A challenge to any American who claims to be free.  Try not paying the Federal Reserve (private family) Debt.  Then tell me how free you are
RT @markross67: @TeaPartyShirt The Federal Income Tax is like trying to do business with a leash tied around your neck!
Tyranny is the ruling class Federal Reserve (private family), above the law in every way, unelected monarchs too whom you owe your labor!
We're all bank slaves living on the Federal Reserve Plantation.
The story of your enslavement http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xbp6umQT58A
American Slavery explained http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIngAmbelxc&amp;feature=player_embedded#!
Is anyone here still under the illusion they are free?
@Interracial_Mag You mean the bank panic of 1907 created by JP Morgan founder of the FED, Receiving tax payer bailouts today!
If Glenn Beck we're Moses, Jews would still be living in Egypt today!  He is no leader!
Glenn Beck is my hero, he took all the fire out of the uprising, told us that only liberal radicals want revolution! Those liberal founders!
Glenn Beck has been a wonderful leader too, He freed us all through peace & lov& telling us we're too stupid for an American Revolution!
The Elections were wonderful, they stopped the TSA, reversed the deficit, shut down the FED, ended fascism in America, oh wait, it didn't.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO, I feel so much more free today since the elections have now saved us all.  We really took it all back, I'm totally free now!
In 1912 There was No Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank. Now we are banker tax slaves!
Taxes fund socialism, fascism, & now foreign bank cartels, all brought to you by The Federal Reserve who altered the Constitution to exist!
USA slaves sold to foreign banks via the Federal Reserve Bank (Rothschild Paper Printing Company) is now IRS court enforced Slavery!
Federal Reserve is a creditor that buys in your name without permission. The  difference is their collection agency has guns and prisons.
American Slavery explained http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIngAmbelxc&feature=player_embedded#!
Freedom is dead.  Sending tax payer money to foreign banks is slavery!
Slavery was once a law, and it is now once again!  Banks print money to purchase tax slaves!
In America you have no freedom of speech!  Praying on the supreme court steps can get you in serious trouble.
In America you have no property rights.  Everything can fall under immanent domain!
In America the free, you have no 4th amendment rights inside airports as far as security is concerned.
In America the free, you cannot grow a garden!
Law has changed from ensuring freedoms, to dictating enslavement!  Slavery was once a law, and it is now once again!
Banker revolution is taking place in Europe! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fyq7WRr_GPg&feature=player_embedded
Austerity is your government selling you, your spouse,  & your children into slavery to bankers! No Bankers, No Debt, No slavery!
Bankers do not work for their money, the money they lend they don't even have.
You are branded with a social security number at birth.  You are human cattle purchased with ink and paper, a tax slave working for bankers.
Federal Reserve (Rothschilds Paper printing company)  IRS (Rothschild collection agency) You (Rothschild livestock).
No Bankers, No Debts owed!  No more foreclosures, No more tax enslavement, no more austerity.  Free the world!  End the Fed & the IMF!
Let's see the very real faces of those who run the Federal Reserve Bank!  Ask them where they got the Trillions to lend they now say we owe!
The Federal Reserve is responsible for Fascism in America!  They planned it and financed it!
The bankers of the world are now in the process of taking the entire world to war!
The Federal Reserve has financed Every socialist program since 1913.  No Federal Reserve = No liberalism = No socialism = FREEDOM!
Bankers have financed a socialist hell with money they never had, and now call for our enslavement to pay them back! No Bankers, No Debt!
Banks get Federal money.  National debt grows.  Your taxes are used for National Debt.  IRS now works as a banking collection agency.
Bankers worldwide have created a new collection agency!  Your own Government will now pay the banks and add it to your taxes!
No Bankers, No Debts! No taxation to pay back debts! No slavery! No austerity! No ruling class!  No financing of wars!
Bankers are human farmers purchasing your freedom with fiat currencies.  Fiat currencies are nothing more than mind control!
No Bankers, No Debts, Free people world wide!  No more taxation to service debts!  No more austerity! No more slavery!
United States debt is 13 trillion dollars, mostly owed to the Federal Reserve Banking families.  WHERE DID THEY GET THE MONEY TO LEND?????
Bankers have psychologically  enslaved a planet.  Until you understand that no one owes any bank.  They never had the money to lend.
No Bankers, No Debt.
In 1912 there was No Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, because there was no Federal Reserve! Now we are taxed slaves!
The Debts around the world are all false.  They are make believe.
Where did the banks get the money to enslave us?  THIN AIR!  That's right your enslavement was purchased with nothing!
December 7 is becoming a grass roots "banker mutiny" day, in which citizens across Europe will pull money from their banks
Man U Player Of The Century Eric Cantona Appeals For Peaceful Revolution Against Banks, Calls For Europeans To Pull Their Money
Alert! Crash JP Morgan campaign is going global!!!!   http://bit.ly/ctYW3N
In 1912 there was no Federal Income tax, no national debt, and No federal Reserve Bank, now we are taxed slaves!
The FED is Tyranny!  Unelected private citizens who rule the land and for whom you will spend half your life working for to pay them tax.
Rothschilds (FED) own the printing press, banks, the IRS, the courts,  judges, house, senate, president, You, and your children! Slavery!
If you don't want to pay the Rothschilds, They have their collection agency the IRS visit you, send you before their judges, and destroy you
Rothschilds have played us for idiots. They print money, call it national debt, & convince free people into being slaves paying it back!
Maybe if we change our name to Rothschild, we can print money call it national debt, & con people laboring their whole lives to pay it back!
maybe every citizen should follow the example of the private citizens at the Federal Reserve, Pay No Taxes, and just print our own money!
I guess Federal employees didn't want to bailout banks either!   	280,000 federal workers owe over $3.3 billion in back income taxes in 2009
280,000 federal workers & retirees owe over $3.3 billion in back income taxes in 2009! Federal Employees are leading the tax revolt!
The Government is grabbing as much land as it can before they destroy the dollar.  Then they will let you start all over buying again
Shut down Fannie and Freddie, and return the housing market to the people of the United States! What are they afraid of Cheap housing?
End the FED & the IMF!  Shut down any bank using fractional reserve banking, or trading derivatives.
The IMF needs to be shut down completely, along with the Federal Reserve.  No one owes any of these people anything. They are thieves!
@markross67 Hey Mark, how is it going?
It is illegal to make free citizens pay for the debt of other citizens even if they are bankers!
Freedom is dead in America.
The story of human farming! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xbp6umQT58A
Tyranny is taxation without representation! Our taxes no longer go to the Government, but to bankers real ruling class! http://bit.ly/cwtgGt
Tyranny in America is having a banking ruling class.  Starting with the Federal Reserve, and all their private banks. Sachs, JPMorgan etc.
Tyranny is paying banks with tax payer dollars! http://bit.ly/cwtgGt
Citizens who had their property stolen illegally by corrupt legal system,get to pay the thieves responsible with taxes http://bit.ly/cwtgGt
Bank of America getting yet another bailout! http://bit.ly/cwtgGt  Now those evicted from houses that were robostolen can pay BOFA taxes too
280,000 federal workers & retirees owe over $3.3 billion in back income taxes in 2009!  Federal Employees leading a tax revolt!
280,000 federal workers & retirees owe over $3.3 billion in back income taxes in 2009 ( $3.0 billion in 2008 and $2.7 billion in 2007).
RT @ileneca: Munis Continue Collapsing http://goo.gl/fb/J5Jz8
The biggest Tax cheats ever in America!  The Federal Reserve Banking family cheating you out of your taxes while paying no taxes themselves!
There is 1 family in the United States who receives trillions of dollars every year yet never pays taxes. The FED family. TYRANNY
Foreclosuregate, bank bailouts, record bonuses, & no one is going to prison, but if the  citizens decides they aren't paying anymore prison
So we gave tax payer money to the bankers now they are literally stealing houses illegaly through a corrupt court! http://bit.ly/dkPj2A
Foreclosuregate Government stealing houses illegally! More freebies for banksters who got bailout tax money! http://bit.ly/dkPj2A
Name that tax payer funded institution that isn't corrupt.  Oh, there isn't one!
RT @rukiddingme66: @TeaPartyShirt This is the final countdown, Wake up America! the end of the dollar is near! Do you own gold or silver?
Your Federal Income Tax goes directly to the Federal Reserve Bank (private family) Here is the family who owns you http://bit.ly/J2mNW
NIA Releases Food Price Estimates For A QE2 World: Bread To $23.05, Corn To $11.43, $62.21 For Sugar
2 million people across the country could lose emergency unemployment benefits during the holiday season.
There is only one thing standing between America, and a total collapse of society.  That being time.
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
@ShynJAmero  So true.  We are being played against each other while the banks enslave us all.  Obama continued Bush's Bank bailouts!
The Federal Reserve caught red handed, but they are above the law! http://www.philstockworld.com/2010/04/01/the-fed-in-hot-water/
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
Federal Reserve Bank makes record profits during the orchestrated collapse in 2009, while Rome Burns! http://bit.ly/6zMvA1
Only 42% of all income now comes from the private sector
"The Los Angeles Times reported at the end of 2009, 41 Obama White House aides owed $831,000 in back taxes."
RT @movefearlessly: I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. ~ Th ...
Difference between the Government stealing land from the Indians, and foreclosuregate now? none
At least blacks realized they were slaves. We wave flags, and tell everyone how free we are while spending over half our life paying taxes!
What is the difference between a black sharecropper in the 1800's and our social security born into debt society of enslavement? None!
In 1912 There was No Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank, now we are debt slaves worldwide!
The FED no longer needs taxes, they buy the treasuries, the bonds, the car companies, banks, housing, and print the money themselves.
Giving trillions to banksters, and taxing the working class for it is not a stimulus plan!
Trillions given to banksters on Wall Street.  Not one economic situation has improved.  States, cities, Fannie, Freddie, all still bankrupt.
Some say it will never happen in America, but look just how fragile society really is. Lawlessness in USA in 1 day! http://bit.ly/bjaDJn
Predicting our future isn't hard look at France! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ivfv1deIbD8&feature=fvst
Predicting our future isn't hard look at Greece! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rshdJZruH_0
Predicting our future isn't hard, look at London!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmudJafnQh0
@ProBeau What the hell will u do with a gold bar if there's Economic collapse. Reflect the sun to send messages over vast distances!
@ProBeau What the hell will u do with a gold bar if there's Economic collapse? Melt down into bullets.  The man with the Golden Gun?
@ProBeau What the hell will u do with a gold bar if there's Economic collapse? Throw it at someone it's very heavy!
Federal Reserve Debt Notes, are psychological enslavement!  Stamped with a social security number you are born into debt slavery!
Max Keiser calls for the imprisonment of BANKSTERS! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpkQiGvWChY
Austerity is psychological enslavement!  Who is the fat ass sitting around profiting off of austerity BANKERS!
FED (fascist elite dictators)  Purchasing free market societies, capitalism, and your freedom with a fiat currency.  :)
The FED no longer needs tax payers, they buy the treasuries, the bonds, the car companies, banks, housing, and print the money themselves.
RT @LaurieT333: Scrump's Newsletter 11/2010 *Total Economic Collapse: Showtime (2)* http://bit.ly/aYwfgT #tcot #tlot #p2
RT @fredthompson: Fed judge blocks Oklahoma sharia law ban. Apparently it's now unconstitutional to ban unconstitutional laws. #ftrs #tcot
RT @j3669: Peter Schiff & Judge Napolitano on FOX Business News 11/08/10 http://bit.ly/br6ovO #fed #qe2 #dollar #tcot #tlot #teaparty #p ...
Tyranny is hard working citizens working an honest day laboring to pay for those who spent a dishonest day printing fiat currency!
QE2 = tax enslavement! It is the transfer of private sector bankster debt to public sector tax debt, collected and the end of a gun!
Since the dollar will lose half it's value this year, I wonder if that will be enough taxation to satisfy our Government? NOPE!
The Federal Reserve is taxing us twice this year.  Once through Federal Income Tax, Second through the printing of money!
@JENin140 End the Fed, and there will be no earmarks.  The Fed funds socialism off the backs of those who work for a living through taxation
Let us see the faces of the people behind the Federal Reserve Banking mafia to whom we owe our national debt! Let them claim their prize!
Bank debts are tax slavery! The National Debt cannot exist.  The private citizens of the Federal Reserve never had the money to lend!
I want to see the faces of the private citizens of Federal Reserve Bank, who we owe our national debt. Where did they get the money to lend?
Human farming! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dkdur94d5Z8
How much silver can you purchase with confederate, Reichsmark, or zimbabwe dollar? Answer none.  Not a silver bubble, but a dollar bubble!
Once the dollar comes unhinged, the bankers might want to seek refuge in Iceland.  At least there they will receive trials!
The story of your enslavement http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dkdur94d5Z8
@glennbeck says that it is our duty to pay back the national debt. Max Keiser says those who created the debt should be tried & hung.
@glennbeck says you are too stupid to have a revolution that will lead to freedom, Max Keiser says http://bit.ly/bL4pPQ
If @glennbeck were Lincoln, slavery never would have ended!
If @glennbeck were George Washington, our country would still be under British rule!
If @glennbeck were Moses, Egyptians would still to this day own Jewish slaves!
I never have heard @glennbeck say under what circumstance if any it is OK to resort to the second amendment.
Trade @glennbeck for Max Keiser as a leader! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciXw-4K-Gls
@DMashak They've already sold us all into slavery, why not promise our land also!  What's the difference, we never truly own it anyway!
RT @DMashak: LiveLeak.com - Feds grant eminent domain as collateral to China for US debts. http://t.co/wrNWiKR #teaparty #collapse #912P ...
@Winghunter Soros is an socialist ass, but he is nothing compared to our true slave owners. The Fed families, their courts and IRS agents.
@Winghunter The Richest people in the world are on no list.  They are the private citizens who own the Federal Reserve Bank (our rulers)
@glennbeck you show us Soros's picture, why don't you show us the Federal Reserve family pictures also, Mr. I'm going to reveal all!
The Federal Reserve sold our labor without our consent, that is slavery!
The only asset that the Federal Reserve Banking family had when loaning money, was your agreement to be their slaves! Same for your children
Let us see those people who say that we owe them a national debt!  They are individuals  real breathing people!  Let's see their faces!
@momus1978 You once told me pay unto Caeser what is Caeser's.  I say let Caeser (private banking family) step forward and claim their prize!
In 1912 there was No Federal income tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank. Now we are all taxed slaves!
The difference between blacks in the 1800's and the current American citizen is that blacks in the 1800's realized they were slaves!
@momus1978 We will be sold to global banks as slaves through debt.
@momus1978 When they collapse the dollar watch as their debt evaporates into thin air, and the public debt will not.
@momus1978 The Fed was a ponzi scheme, and they turned our entire economy into a ponzi scheme, that scheme has ended so will our economy.
If there is a National Debt, then there are people it is owed to.  Let us see their faces, and ask them where they got the money to lend!
Have the individuals who the National debt is owed (FED) come forward and claim their debts.  I want to see their private faces on camera!
Federal Reserve Bank is who we owe the National Debt to.  It is a private family bank.  Let them step before the public & claim their debt!
@glennbeck is a false profit, he still wants to pretend the debt created by the Federal Reserve is real. And you should pay it! =enslavement
The people of Iceland are refusing to pay any bankers money.  Instead they are bringing them up on criminal charges!
Debt does not exist, because those claiming they are owed never had the money to lend!  It has become psychological enslavement of a WORLD!
Debt is enslavement, you cannot create debt out of thin air and trade it for an honest mans labor goods or services! That is slavery!
Where did the Federal Reserve Bank, get the money to create the national debt, the same debt we pay our taxes to the IRS for? Thin Air!
If gold and silver a metal which you can put your hands on is a bubble, what does that make the dollar which is paper and ink? $ bubble!
Gold and Silver are creating a bubble in, a currency bubble that is.  Once it pops it is the paper and ink side that will lose.
If people do not stand up now, they will soon be too weak to do so. !
No money in the ATM's!  What the Hell is going on! http://www.zerohedge.com/article/atm-cash-shortage-coming
Banks r not the symbol of American Greatness,  they do not create jobs, yet they r receiving our tax dollars in trillions for their losses!
Corporations in America use to have to renew their corp. licenses every year, first proving they were a benefit to society!
Capitalism is not evil, but fractional reserve banking (lending non-existent money), and printing fiat money (higher groceries & gas) is!
The greatest robbery in the history of mankind is now underway.  Bankers transferring their own debt into tax payer debt! QE2 = theft!
Banking revolution begins now!  Calls for people to take to the streets in an open revolution!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrsoaOILoBI
Financial terrorists and banking crooks go to jail! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrsoaOILoBI
Once the dollar loses world reserve status, which I believe has just happened, it's over.  Period.
The President signs a 900 billion dollar stimulus and people march in the street, the Fed (private family) does the same and silence!
QE2 has hit an iceberg!  The dollar is sinking fast as all nations are abandoning ship!  Like the unsinkable titanic, now the USA follows.
@Halley5 It's over soon enough the rest of the United States will look like Cali.  Then the whole system collapses.
This is too little too late.  Too many child voters thinking they're still voting for free candy.  We're doomed!
Hey @glennbeck, how about reporting on how Iceland has told the banks to go screw themselves, they're not getting paid back!
Iceland has been telling bankers and debt collectors to go screw themselves, but not a peep from the MSM news! Even egging their officials
@fredthompson Another fair tax would be paying only the tax of inflation as they destroy our currency.  The dollar has lost 12% in 2 months
@fredthompson Another fair tax would be continuing to pay this Government in U.S. dollars (FED DEBT NOTES) even after they destroy it!
@fredthompson Fair tax would be 10% of every dollar earned. No state tax, no license fees. no gas tax, no tolls, No Fed tax, no property tax
@fredthompson The Tea Party tax revolt was over 2% taxation.  They we're so outraged that someone had the audacity to take 2% of their work
@fredthompson Cut the Federal Government by about 85%, and tax no american above 10% of any dollar he makes. That's Fair Tax.
@fredthompson Fair tax is a nice way to replace One dictator the FED, with another.  They had it right in 1912 No Federal Income Tax
U.S. military is on the verge of defeat.  Once the dollar collapses they will come home just as Russia's troops did.
Counterfeiting money by private citizens in legal in the United States. As long as you were born a Rothschild, or a Morgan, Fed families!
RT @DMashak: Robert Chapman-Dollar Collapse Time Table http://bit.ly/b6Rl4m
@TPO_Hisself unfortunately those living in the gulf are dead men walking!  I'm not eating sea food.
@Conservativeind How to disappear http://lifehac.kr/c9iz3J
@Conservativeind 5 best countries to escape to in case of America's collapse http://bit.ly/csgTSb
TEA (Taxed Enslaved Americans)
The original Tea Party was triggered by the outrageous amount of 2% tax on their yearly income!
The Tea party was a tax revolt, long before the Republican Party even existed!
@Conservativeind  People are now fleeing the United States for the exact same reason!, not just liberal states.
How do you spell socialism in banking terms? (FEDERAL RESERVE BANK) stealing from those who produce and giving to those who don't since 1913
The Federal Reserve whose only job was to stabilize and protect our currency was audited! FIRE THEM ALL! www.usdebtclock.org
Real Unemployment nearing 25% http://www.shadowstats.com/
China is cutting off all rare earth minerals.  While we were buying their plastic crapt they were buying silver mines! HAAAA!
U.S. Dollar R.I.P.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIZgfj7W_rE
Want to physically put your hands on 1oz. of silver $29.52!
The biggest short squeeze in the history of the United States! SILVER $15 to $25 in three weeks.  http://silverprice.org/ $30 with 14 days!
The real time view of the death of the Federal Reserve debt note! http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/quote?ticker=DXY:IND
The cancer which is the Federal Reserve will be removed from our great Nation. A slave uprising is underway!
The awakening is here.  Now even cashiers at the grocery store realize who the Federal Reserve is!
The proverbial monkey wrench in the banking fraud! FORECLOSUREGATE!
RT @DMashak: THE FED DID IT!!! Ron Paul & Peter Schiff Were Right!!! http://t.co/R9N27Hv  #teaparty #tpp #tcot #majority #912P #CFL #SGP ...
Name one candidate willing to end the Fed other than Ron Paul!
Which one of these idiots running is brave enough to tell us we're all broke!  Entitlements are bankrupt!
Federal Reserve Robin hood in reverse. Steel from the working, and give to the bankers.  Oh, that's right they're private bankers also!
Even if you didn't pay a dime of taxes this year, you've already been taxed 12% on every dollar.That's how much money printing has taxed you
The Federal Reserve (Rothschild paper printing company) and the IRS (Rothschild collection agency) have funded all socialism in the USA.
In 1912 No Federal Income Tax, No National debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank.  Now we are all taxed slaves!
Tyranny ends in America, the very day we stop paying for it.
foreclosuregate is set to destroy the U.S. banksters.  If you want to know who runs our country follow the money!
Biggest short squeeze in the history of the U.S. stock market is underway starting next week. http://bit.ly/atrkB1
Real U.S. Inflation http://bit.ly/aYZGQp
Our tax system is now nothing more than banking enslavement.
How to end enslavement! Max Keiser http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciXw-4K-Gls
Open Your eyes, the story of your own enslavement! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xbp6umQT58A
Cheap place to get survival food, if you haven't gotten any yet, you might consider it. http://slavenomore.myefoods.com/
The Currency of the future http://slavenomore.myefoods.com/
Boston University economist Laurence Kotlikoff says U.S. government debt is not $13.5-trillion but $200-trillion 840 per cent of current GDP
The Real National Debt $200-trillion – 840 per cent of current GDP http://bit.ly/cqskUY
Millions of Americans sold houses without a clear title! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVcnge5QQug
All American's should ask for their deeds! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVcnge5QQug
Tax payers are fixing to bail out the banks all over again, are you ready? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVcnge5QQug
The Federal Reserve is now sueing Bank of America! over Foreclosure Gate
Mortgage Gate with all the locked up foreclosures is fixing to rip a new #$$ Hole through the financial markets!
@glennbeck would tell George Washington that if he resorts to force, the British will only use it as an excuse to crack down on the colonies
@glennbeck you say George Washington was your hero, but if George Washington wanted to lead us today, you would tell him it wasn't the way!
If I wanted to control the people, I would have @glennbeck read them scripture every day to remind them of their morals, and to remain calm
If I were Raping the country,I would have @glennbeck report on less and less actual news on a daily basis and instead have him lecture sheep
In fact if I wanted to rape the United States on a daily basis, I would hire @glennbeck to sit on TV every day telling people to remain calm
If @glennbeck were George Washington, there would have never been a founding of the United States. We would have done nothing.
If @glennbeck were moses, the Jews would still be petitioning, and peacefully asking for their freedoms.
US dollar flash crashed today! http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_3-h7k_OIJk0/TMIp6QLEunI/AAAAAAAADO4/IcdUK7ZoPDs/s1600/fut_chart.ashx.png
In 1912 there was No Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, because there was no Federal Reserve Bank! now we are taxed slaves.
@glennbeck We're all being raped, and Glenn Beck says if we concentrate on Jesus, and find a happy place we will all be OK!
@glennbeck has no spine! You want to see real leadership? Max Keiser http://bit.ly/bL4pPQ
@glennbeck has almost everything wrong.  You want to see real leadership? Max Keiser http://bit.ly/d0X0TX
@glennbeck The Federal Reserve is the Slave Master, and Glenn Beck is the auctioneer, telling us we must sacrafice to pay their debt back!
@glennbeck is a Federal Reserve tool. Telling us all we must sacrafice to pay the National Debt owed to the FED!
I love @glennbeck s movement to end the Federal Reserve who has financed all the programs he hates. Oh, wait, he isn't leading that movement
If @glennbeck were Moses, there would be no conflict in Isreal today, because the Jews would still be slaves in Egypt!
@glennbeck would have told George Washington to sit talk and write letters, because any violence would hurt his cause.
@glennbeck tells you, U are all too stupid to have a revolution, and he will teach us all how to peacefully watch the destruction of the USA
@glennbeck has his own show, sits with a pipe, has his own gathering at DC, sits with a chalk board, and tells everyone how to think calmly!
6 gourmet freeze dried meals for $5.95 (shipping costs) with a shelf life of 15 years! go to http://bit.ly/c6igQ7 & click on the win button
6 gourmet freeze dried meals for $5.95 (shipping costs) with a shelf life of 15 years! http://bit.ly/c6igQ7
http://bit.ly/c6igQ7 *  1  "Tortilla Soup" 2 meals * 1  "Cheesy Chicken Rice Casserole" 2 meal * 1  "Creamy Potato Soup" 2 meals for $5.95
Food prices are skyrocketing, Investment in GOLD and Silver for security is piontless if you haven't secured food! http://bit.ly/c6igQ7
http://bit.ly/c6igQ7  offers gourmet freeze dried 15 year shelf life survival food cheap.  I just signed up so I can build a food reserve!
http://bit.ly/c6igQ7 is a great place get a free sample of "Gourmet" survival food, not crappy MRE's, why not survive in style!
Get free survival food @ http://bit.ly/c6igQ7 for the $6.00 price of shipping and join a program that sells freeze dried food cheap!
@glennbeck says Federal Reserve  is 100% responsible for all debt. The debt owed can disappear into the same place it was created! Thin Air!
Quantitative Easing, fancy word for tax payer slaver to Wall Street.
In 1912 there was no Federal Reserve Bank, No National Debt, and No Federal Income Tax.  Now we are taxed slaves.
Government is lying about everything. Even the national debt is a lie.  It's not 14 trillion it's www.usdebtclock.org
Government is lying about everything. has been sending trillions over seas in order to bribe other countries into not dumping the dollar.
Government is lying about everything. The Federal Reserve is purchasing their own treasuries, and bonds!
Government is lying about everything.  Gold and Silver are being held down and manipulated in orer to prop up the dollar
Government is lying about everything. They injected 5 billion dollars into the stock market last week, proping up a fake economy!
Government is lying about everything. Social Security is bankrupt and those paying in now, will never see it.
Government is lying about everything.  Unemployment is actually around 22%!  http://www.shadowstats.com/
Not even another technology boom like computers and internet in the 90's would save us, or reverse the U.S. implosion now.
taxes government parasites, Federal Reserve Bank, and corporate profiteers have destroyed their host.  The U.S. is done.
Fiat debt! Besides paying back foreign creditors, we should abolish all money owed to the Federal reserve Bank.
The Federal Reserve Bank, otherwise known as the Rothschild/Morgan paper printing company, printing counterfeit money since 1912!
Federal Reserve Bank has funded every unsound socialist program this country has ever created over the last 100 years.
The Federal Reserve is the definition of Tyranny!  Unelected ruling class, dictating political policy through funding everything!
unemployment = less shopping = less tax revenue = more Government debt = more taxes = more unemployment = less shopping = more unemployment
22% unemployment is the same as 10 out of 50 states being unemployed.  You could drive through 10 states and not one working person!
22% unemployment in an economy based off of consumption and dependent on tax dollars to service an ever expanding debt.  It's over!
Real unemployment now at 22%!!! http://www.shadowstats.com/
Greenspan warning on Gold, fiat currencies are over. http://bit.ly/9XWgkm
How anyone can look at those numbers and think that things are about to "get better" absolutely boggles the mind.
Americans are $6.6 trillion short of what they need for retirement.
Median U.S. household income is down 5 percent from its peak of more than $52,000 in 1999.
Manufacturing employment in the U.S. computer industry is actually lower in 2010 than it was in 1975.
Americans experienced a $1.5 trillion loss in combined household net worth in the second quarter of 2010.
10 million more Americans  will slip into poverty over the next decade.
California's poverty rate soared to 15.3 percent in 2009, which was the highest in 11 years.
One out of every six Americans is now being served by at least one government anti-poverty program.
The number of Americans enrolled in the food stamp program increased a whopping 55 percent from December 2007 to June 2010.
There are now over 41 million Americans on food stamps.
More than 50 million Americans are now on Medicaid, the U.S. government health care program designed principally to help the poor.
There are now 50.7 million Americans who do not have health insurance.
One out of every seven mortgages in the United States was either delinquent or in foreclosure during the first quarter of 2010.
U.S. banks repossessed 25 percent more homes in August 2010 than they did in August 2009.
Nearly 10 million Americans now receive unemployment insurance, which is almost four times as many as were receiving it in 2007.
Today the United States has approximately 4 million fewer wage earners than it did in 2007.
The U.S. poverty rate is now the third worst among the developed nations
According to the Associated Press, experts believe that 2009 saw the largest single year increase in the U.S. poverty rate
In 2009 alone, approximately 4 million more Americans joined the ranks of the poor.
In the year 2000, 11.3 percent of Americans were living in poverty.  In 2008, 13.2 percent of Americans were living in poverty.
The Census Bureau says that 43.6 million Americans are now living in poverty
So how many tens of thousands more factories do we need to lose before we do something about it?
#19 The U.S. Census Bureau says that 43.6 million Americans are now living in poverty
#18 One prominent economist is projecting that the Chinese economy will be three times larger than the U.S. economy by the year 2040.
#17 The United States spends approximately $3.90 on Chinese goods for every $1 that the Chinese spend on goods from the United States.
#16 Printed circuit boards are used in tens of thousands of different products.  Asia now produces 84 percent of them worldwide.
#15 Manufacturing employment in the U.S. computer industry is actually lower in 2010 than it was in 1975.
#14 In 2001, the United States ranked fourth in the world in per capita broadband Internet use.  Today it ranks 15th.
#13 The United States has lost a whopping 32 percent of its manufacturing jobs since the year 2000.
#12 In the United States today, consumption accounts for 70 percent of GDP. Of this 70 percent, over half is spent on services.
#11 As of the end of 2009, less than 12 million Americans worked in manufacturing.
#10 Ford Motor Company recently announced the closure of a factory that produces the Ford Ranger in St. Paul, Minnesota.
#9 In 1959, manufacturing represented 28 percent of U.S. economic output.  In 2008, it represented 11.5 percent.
between 1999 and 2008 employment at the foreign affiliates of U.S. parent companies increased an astounding 30 percent to 10.1 million.
#7 The United States has lost a total of about 5.5 million manufacturing jobs since October 2000.
#6 As of the end of July, the U.S. trade deficit with China had risen 18 percent compared to the same time period a year ago.
if the U.S. trade deficit with China continues to increase current rate, U.S. economy will lose over half a million jobs this year alone.
#4 In 2008, 1.2 billion cellphones were sold worldwide.  So how many of them were manufactured inside the United States?  Zero.
#3 Dell has announced that it will be closing its last large U.S. manufacturing facility in Winston-Salem, North Carolina in November.
#2 Dell Inc., one of America’s largest manufacturers of computers, has announced plans to dramatically expand its operations in China
#1 The United States has lost approximately 42,400 factories since 2001.
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
"Corn" Goldman Sachs admits that the commodities sold do not match the actual production and inventories. Uh OH! http://bit.ly/dwwVDR
End the Federal Reserve Bank candidate wins CPAC vote! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bJALN7qEYU
CFTC hearing revealed that there is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold.
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
In 1912 There was No Federal Income Tax, why because there was no Federal Reserve Bank, and No National Debt, Now we are taxed slaves.
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
The United States has beend taxing the world through the printing of money.  This cycle is coming to an end now. We are on our own.
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
42 million people now on food stamps.
The Owner of the Federal Reserve JP Morgan applying for 1.4 billion tax refund. Paying no taxes for 2009 http://bit.ly/c9sOLB
Wall street giving huge bonuses based on a phony derivitaves market.
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund.
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
Federal Reserve Bank makes record profits during the orchestrated collapse in 2009, while Rome Burns! http://bit.ly/6zMvA1
Only 42% of all income now comes from the private sector.
"The Los Angeles Times reported at the end of 2009, 41 Obama White House aides owed $831,000 in back taxes."
Are we passing the point of carrying signs?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awz0ntQ2HVg
The awakening is taking place! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awz0ntQ2HVg
End your enslavement! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQIkVyFLUZA
The story of your enslavement. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xbp6umQT58A
Shouldn't it be illegal for the Federal Reserve to play the stock market with money they print out of thin air! http://bit.ly/aNtDKv
Federal Reserve injects 5 billion dollars into the stock market last week. http://bit.ly/aNtDKv
GOP pledge to America, make sure we don't even mention the Federal Reserve Bank who has enslaved us all and funded our political parties.
@geraldcelente In 1912 there was No Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank. That was freedom, now we are slaves.
@geraldcelente You are right about the churches getting a free pass.  Taxes wouldn't have gone this far if they had been taxed equally.
The Rothschild/Morgan paper printing company is not Caeser.
@geraldcelente The Federal Reserve just pumped 5 billion dollars into the stock market last week, they know if it collapses it's over.
@geraldcelente The 10 banks left standing are not banks, but part of the Federal Reserve Founding fathers. Part of the mafia banking cartel
@geraldcelente The Federal Reserve (Rothscihld paper printing company) IS NOT CAESER!  They are not elected, and not our Government.
@geraldcelente Pay unto caeser what is caesers = pay fiat imaginary paper back to those who created fiat imaginary paper.
@geraldcelente The Debt is as fiat as the currency that created it.  Other than owing outside countries we should pay the FED RES nothing.
@geraldcelente Taxing religions.  Why should anyone pay the Federal Reserve Debt.  Let the debt evaporate back to the same place it came.
This country needs a revolution to straighten it out.  Max Keiser is right! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awz0ntQ2HVg
@glennbeck has talked you into putting down your signs, voting and sitting on your coaches! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awz0ntQ2HVg
Finally, A real leader! not @glennbeck  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awz0ntQ2HVg
Forget @glennbeck He's leading us like sheep to the slaughter.  I'll follow Max Keiser! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awz0ntQ2HVg
Wall Street isn't real!
Hey Idiots! How many of these so called Tea Party candidates are saying end the FED? The financiers of every social program and your slavery
Ending the Federal Reserve is TEA PARTY!  Figure out which politicians publically say END THE FED, and you will know if they are Tea Party!
If a candidate is not talking about Ending the Federal Reserve Tyranny, they are not true Tea Party Candidates!
END THE FED!  Glenn Beck, and Sarah Palin are not Tea Party Candidates. Sarah never says end the Fed, and Glenn wants to pay them back!
Glenn Beck would have us pay back every penny of National Debt to his Federal Reserve Banker family buddies who run his program.
@glennbeck  tells Americans they are not qualified to have another Revolution.
Sarah Palin is not Tea Party, Glenn Beck is definately not Tea party.
RT @markross67  A great unifying experiment for our country would be to banish all political parties from service in The Federal Government!
@markross67 Agreed the Two Party system allows only one path (Larger Federal Government).  Abolish the parties.
Valedictorian High school student explaing the education system! http://bit.ly/cJt09T
The U.S. Stock exchange holds only 1% of the gold and silver that has been sold!  They cannot fill more than 1% of all deliveries!
Eating chicken and watching a movie now supports fascism! http://bit.ly/cGUiLm
Add AMC theater and Chick-fil-A to the fascist assests that enslaved Americans are forced to purchase in more bailouts! http://bit.ly/cGUiLm
Work Slaves, Work! for the commercial real estate bailout, you didn't even know you were paying for! http://bit.ly/cGUiLm
Marijuana is the answer to all of America's problems. We can be the fattest lazziest, most non driven nation on earth!
for those wanting legalized Marijuana, that is truly what this country needs right now is a big dose of lazzy munchies! Not productivity.
Chinese and Arabs are making runs on Gold and Silver in London http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvDRxUUND-U
Watching the rigged stock market.  Job loss up, car sales down, housing sales down, foreclosures up, economic collapse, but stocks are up!
There isn't enough GOLD or Silver to deliver on more than 1% of all gold and silver sold on the stock market!
High frequency trading firms now account for 73% of all U.S. equity trades, although they represent only 2% http://bit.ly/9hc0NT
Markets are rigged!  It's a trap for sheering the public of their money! http://bit.ly/O0yGX
Home sales collapsing 27% in July, expected to drop another 25% next month. http://bit.ly/c6BNHf
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Global economic warfare is under way.  http://bit.ly/clCP4s
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
Goldman Sachs admits that the commodities sold do not match the actual production and inventories. Uh OH! http://bit.ly/dwwVDR
End the Federal Reserve Bank candidate wins CPAC vote! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bJALN7qEYU
Silver just passed $19 an ounce. Goodbye dollar!
IMF is now refusing to sell gold! Gold moves up on news, and now everything comes unhinged. http://bit.ly/d1T8HL
Experts predicted Social Security would cost more than it was taking in by 2016 http://bit.ly/1LA2C , it happened 2010! http://bit.ly/aWVptj
comex gold report. People taking ownership at an alarming rate! http://bit.ly/aVnwOJ
Silver market manipulated by the Federal Reserve Bank via JP Morgan Chase. http://bit.ly/aGg38q
CFTC hearing revealed that there is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold.
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
Ohio man bulldozes $350,000 home to avoid foreclosure, and give the middle finger to the IRS. http://bit.ly/9huFyx
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Tea Party is being hijacked by Republicans, made fun of by Democrats, and hijacked by Glenn Beck and Sarah Palin.
John F. Kennedy tried to restore the power of treasury back to congress, stripping the Federal Reserve Bank. http://bit.ly/d40aBU
Who really runs our Government? The Federal Reserve Bank, John F. Kennedy Told the truth. http://bit.ly/dDgXc and suddenly died.
I guess 276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb  Because they watched this http://bit.ly/JXo7
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
In 1912 There was No Federal Income Tax, why because there was no Federal Reserve Bank, and No National Debt, Now we are taxed slaves.
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
Kansas City  MO, closing half their schools! http://bit.ly/8XKsm6  Cut schools, definately not Government fat, or pensions!
The United States has beend taxing the world through the printing of money.  This cycle is coming to an end now. We are on our own.
California decides to withold 10% of citizens paychecks.  http://bit.ly/4Gwl21
Federal Reserve Bank lent the Federal Government money with interest to bail out Wall Street, private sector debtn IRS enforced tax debt!
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
States are refusing to give tax refunds, http://bit.ly/9GXYrz "Isn't this like smoking over an oil refinary with the Tea Party Movement?"
In January alone 346,000 borrowers fell behind on their mortgage payments for the first time.
7.4 million mortgages Nation Wide, are now delinquint in the United Sates of America. http://bit.ly/dqz0f9
40 million Americans on food stamps and the numbers are exploding. http://bit.ly/8ZdY1c
Our third world neighbor is now refusing U.S. dollars at their banks! HA http://bit.ly/ddWeAw
The Owner of the Federal Reserve JP Morgan applying for 1.4 billion tax refund. Paying no taxes for 2009 http://bit.ly/c9sOLB
Wall street giving huge bonuses based on a phony derivitaves market.
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund.
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
Federal Reserve Bank makes record profits during the orchestrated collapse in 2009, while Rome Burns! http://bit.ly/6zMvA1
Only 42% of all income now comes from the private sector.
End Tyranny 1. http://bit.ly/9ndCsi 2. http://bit.ly/bZBaxy 3. http://bit.ly/c4pMCV 4. http://bit.ly/9InTs4 5. http://bit.ly/cuE8p1
END THE FED LIE !  1. http://bit.ly/9ndCsi 2. http://bit.ly/bZBaxy 3. http://bit.ly/c4pMCV 4. http://bit.ly/9InTs4 5. http://bit.ly/cuE8p1
This says everything!1. http://bit.ly/9ndCsi 2. http://bit.ly/bZBaxy 3. http://bit.ly/c4pMCV 4. http://bit.ly/9InTs4 5. http://bit.ly/cuE8p1
Control the money, food, air, water, communications, have a government within a government then collapse it and take control!  Period!
If I wanted to control a country, I would control their air & water. Check I would control their food supplies s510! check Their health care
Bill s510 All U.S. Food supplies put under the control of homeland security & the UN making it illegal to own seeds! http://bit.ly/cwoLOk
TEA is a tax revolution, not some pansy ass republican verse "taxed enough already"! TEA = Tax revolt!
People who have had enough thinking theyre free? Freedom in America? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Req_ApifWMc
RFID chip that could be implanted into people to kill them remotely! THIS IS not a hoax! http://bit.ly/9SPPZb
US Government seizing control over Food, Farms, preparing to take total control when economy collapses! http://bit.ly/9YoSWv
Senate Bill s510 (Food Czar) Puts all U.S. food under homeland security!
Senate bill s510 all U.S. food under the control of Homeland Security! control of our food. They passed health care and you did nothing!
All U.S. Food supplies put under the control of homeland security & the UN making it illegal to own seeds! http://bit.ly/cwoLOk
Democracy is 2 wolves, and 1 sheep deciding what to have for dinner!
2 men fall off a building. 1 starts praying, the politician however is overheard as he passes the 4th floor saying "so far so good"
The Government has resorted to out right lying about economic data! http://bit.ly/cDAr2p
Control the currency, control the air, control the water, control our food supply, control our borders, & Taxes = slavery
US Government seizing control over Food, Farms, preparing to take total control when economy collapses!  http://bit.ly/9YoSWv
Government workers are all that will be left in the economy.  How long will Government tax paid workers being the only tax payers left work?
Where does the housing bial out money end up? Banks!, just like the first bailout. Banks!
Housing bail out. Take money from the tax payer hand it to people upside down in their houses, to hand over to bankers that would have lost.
Housing bail out is nothing more than more money to the banks who would have lost billions from people defaulting.  It's a bank bailout.
Communist United States seizing more private land! http://bit.ly/9bvwGB
Government seizing private land! http://bit.ly/9bvwGB
@glennbeck WATCHDOG!  New Reid Bill, Government seizing more land! http://bit.ly/9bvwGB
Is it time to Cut off the heads of bankers? Goldman Sachs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYv7LGiStTo
Cut off the heads of bankers. Coming justice?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYv7LGiStTo
There will not be enough real "Take Our Country Back" Candidates elected in November.  Instead we will get more Bush type Republicans!
The GOP has even been very cool towards Rand Paul in Kentucky.  The GOP does not want the Tea Party any more than the Democans Republicats
The GOP wants to stop Kevin Calvey, a true constitutionalist candidate, so they sent Mike Huckabee out to endorse his competitor.
The GOP wants to Stop Brogdon in Oklahoma, so they sent Sarah Palin out to endorse the Tarp loving Fallin for Governor!
The GOP wants to stop Peter Schiff in CT, Even going so far as to railroad him in the primaries.  He had to get himself on the ballot!
The GOP establishment is sabotaging Angle's campaigne in Nevada, They hate her because she is a constitutionalist small Government Candidate
The establishment do not want change candidates like, Angle in Nevada, Kevin Calvey, or Brogdon in Oklahoma, or Peter Schiff in CT.
Nothing will change in November. Angle is being abandoned by the GOP in Nevada, and Reid may win because of it.
U.S. Debt may grow to 60 trillion from 14 trillion according to top financial specialists. That doesn't include unfunded liabilities.
People unable to pay their electricity bills. http://www.gazette.com/articles/upward-101773-light-aren.html  This is before cap and tax!
People unable to pay their electricity bills. http://www.gazette.com/articles/upward-101773-light-aren.html
@SarahPalinUSA Maybe if Fallen and McCain get into office, we can relive the RINO bush years.
@SarahPalinUSA Congradulations Sarah Palin for Backing Mary Fallen.  The unconstitutional candidate who voted for unconstitutional bailouts.
NAFTA Ross Perot was right. It's taken just under 20 years for our country to look like this! http://bit.ly/9FVxpY
Record profits by the Federal Reserve Bank, while peasants starve! http://bit.ly/9FVxpY  The Federal reserve is not capitalism!
Who runs the country? Simple who gets all the secuirty. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDn0AKe_Qas Bankers!
What were we told about the reasons for the war? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nD7dbkkBIA
Follow the money every time.The war is making the Federal Reserve Banking families record profits http://bit.ly/7me3HM
In 1912 there was No Federal Reserve Bank with them came Federal Income Tax, National Debt, IRS, and our military became their global tool.
1 way out for America, abolish the Federal Reserve Private banking cartel, erase all debt owed to them, and restore the Republic.
A soldiers perspective of His America! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akm3nYN8aG8 I doubt he supports the Federal Reserve!
Pay Caesar his dues, be personally responsible for driving a hook through an infants head and killing it dead. What do Christians say now?
@glennbeck in Glenn's defense, he may be a revolutionary but is in no position to lead a revolution, they would yank him off the air.
@glennbeck will never sanction any form of revolution that does not work within a rigged broken system.  Keep the sheep being sheered.
If $1 were payed every second to pay back the Debt and unfunded liablities of the USA it would take 3 million 531 thousand years.
If $1 were spent every second 1 million dollars would be 12 days.  $1 trillion dollars would be 33,000 years!
Spending a million dollars a day it would take 2740 years to spend a trillion dollars!
U.S. has spent 23.7 trillion dollars to pay off bankers, to enslave us. http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&sid=aY0tX8UysIaM
Substitute the word rescue, with tax payer enslavement then read. http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&sid=aY0tX8UysIaM
@pastorpatriot We could see a return of our original Constitution unblimished before it was altered and destroyed. Like the return of Christ
If you beleive in the Constituion of these United States, then it should be no problem if we stop paying for anything Unconstitutional!
@pastorpatriot OK, if the constitution still stands, than stand up for her, pay for nothing that is unconstitutional.
@pastorpatriot Yes the constitution stands right beside the easter bunny, santa claus, only in your imagination of what you were once told.
The constitution no longer stands. So if the constitution no longer stands, what exactly are you agreeing to, funding and paying for?
The constitution no longer stands. Seizure of private property for public, or government use.  No more right to own property!
The constitution no longer stands. Taxation without representation! The Federal Reserve Bank has more power than our government, unelected!
The constitution no longer stands.  Giant website blogs are now being removed from the internet.  No more freedom of speech.
The constitution no longer stands.  You are now forced to pay even more taxes, if you don't pay a private citizen money (insurance company)
The constitution no longer stands.  You are now forced to purchase insurance from another private citizen.
The constitution no longer stands.  Companies being chosen to recieve tax dollars, that equals enslavement of the Tax paying citizens.
The constitution no longer stands.  Wars are fought without any declerations, or end in sight.
The constitution no longer stands. The responsibility of currency has been handed over to a private family that is much like the mafia.
The constitution no longer stands.  Freedom of the press, and speech have been suspended in the Gulf of Mexico.
The constitution no longer stands.  Arizona has no go zones, that have been handed over to Mexico.
@NVConservative All social engineering is funded by the Federal Reserve Banking Family.  Without the Fed it would be impossible.
Tea Party = Tax Revolution
I'm sure glad the bailouts, and stimulus happened.  Thank God, we almost lost the giant banks who created this mess, Fannie, and Freddie!
The only thing that has changed since the collapse began, is that they have enslaved us more with more tax payer debt.  Slaveship America!
20% of the United States is unemployed, 72% of our economy is consumption.  40 million on food stamps. Trade defficets etc.
The Federal Reserve Bank has destroyed the currency to the point where pennies nickels, and dimes cost more to make than their value!
If you want to know who runs the United States follow the money to the banks. The Federal Reserve Bank runs our country unconstitutinally!
Our Government has become unconstitutional, and it is time for them to be abolished along with the Federal Reserve who runs them.
Tea Party has been twisted, it is a tax revolution, a end the Federal (non-federal) Reserve Movement, and total freedom movement!
Federal Reserve Bank private banking family.  More powerful than Congress, the Senate, or the President, they can destroy private companies!
Tea Party = Tax Revolt & END THE FED!
Tea Party = Tax Revolt, simple.
Federal Reserve Bank (Rothschild paper printing company) IRS (Rothschild collection agency) You (tax slaves working for their paper debts!)
@deannahenry This is stated clearly in the Decleration of Independence, and yes Tyranny of the Federal Reserve Banking family exists in USA.
@deannahenry That is why we must have a complete abolishment of the Government, everything they have done, and reset the constitution!
RT @markross67  Freedom-loving Americans MUST have a separation from these far-left Progressives!
@deannahenry Give me liberty or give me death, has become Give me liberty, or wait until the next generation huh?
@deannahenry I am an American, I am free, and the theft of my freedoms, and my enslavement end now.
Republican Tea Party = taxed enough already (code for happy being a tax slave at todays levels) Vote for gradual theft of even more freedoms
Tea Party = Tax Revolution, Taking all freedoms back.  Total Freedom, no exceptions or compromises.
If @glennbeck is a passivist with no limits as to how much they can take, George Washington was a revolutionary who wanted total freedom!
Glenn Beck the other day said these things take time, that we might have to wait for the next generation in order to give them freedom! WTF?
You sheep, you've been tricked! You let them turn a tax revolt into a Republican political movement!!!!! The sheering continues!
What do you want to bet that the Republicans win in November, and you still remain a tax slave!
The Federal Reserve sent Trillions of American Dollars over seas in order to pay other countries not to dump the dollar!
@Linnlondon1 I really like you.  I hope you keep up the good fight in which ever way you see fit.  GOD Bless, and goodnight & sorry.
@Linnlondon1 I think I'm having fun at your expense, I like you, I have a dry sense of humor, and it's late.
@Linnlondon1 Has it ever occured to you that although I might come across as blunt, and rude, you might come across as exclusionary &uppity?
@Linnlondon1 If us means we have different ways of going about things, but the same freedom loving goal, then yes I am a part of us.
@Linnlondon1 If I have to meet your approval to join "us" (code for your way) then forget it.
@Linnlondon1 I'll let you reach out to all the people who sip tea with one pinky finger in the air, and worry about what is offensive.
@Linnlondon1 My only wish is for people to awaken.  I'll let you do it the pleasant way, I'll do it my way.
@Linnlondon1 I would rather shock someone into reality than watch them burn in their bed, living in a dream while Rome burns.
@Linnlondon1 It is total freedom, it is the movement of taking it all back, not just a little freedom, but all freedom. Not later, but today
@Linnlondon1 You don't have to join, it is not a secret society, has no structure, no rules, no guidelines, just pure american spirit.
@Linnlondon1 The Tea Party is not a organization bound by rules, it is simply an idea almost like a religion.
The Federal Reserve sent Trillions of American Dollars over seas in order to pay other countries not to dump the dollar!
What do you want to bet that the Republicans win in November, and you still remain a tax slave!
Tea Party was and is a tax revolt!  Tyranny in America ends the day people stop funding it.  Not at the ballot box you dumb tax slaves!
You idiots, you have been tricked!  You let them turn a tax revolt into a Republican political movement!!!!!  What morans!
Federal Reserve Bank (Rothschild paper printing company) IRS (Rothschild collection agency) You (tax slaves working for their paper debts!)
Why has Obama sided with the most powerful organized crime families in America?  The Federal Reserve Banking Cartel families?
Obama has strengthened and enlarged the greatest evil in the United States of America, the Federal Reserve Bank. Not Federal, just Tyranny!
Obama Gave the Federal Reserves Collection agency, the IRS more agents and power over your health with the Obama Care Bill.
Obama has given more power to the Federal Reserve (private banking family) with the new financial reform bill.
The Boston Tea Party was a tax revolt!  A refusal to pay taxes!  A last ditch stand against Tyranny!
Has anyone noticed that the idea of the Tea Party being a tax revolt isn't even brought up anymore!
Real Tax revolts are now springing up http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MT9iO3iJ7Vw
Tax revolt is brewing! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uWtEHKPFhE
@glennbeck if you are against violence sir, how about a tax revolt of all paying americans?
@glennbeck you are either an idiot a sell-out, or they've gotten to you with threats.
@glennbeck Says Americans might have to wait until our kids grow up for them to get our country back, and be patient!  HAAAAHHH!!!
Here is proof that the entire financial system is a rigged game, and everyone knows it! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOC9lHnNm6c
Hey @glennbeck why don't you report on some real whistleblowers.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOC9lHnNm6c
Linda McMahon Hiding From Debating Peter Schiff .
@glennbeck was heating it up today.  Is Glenn Back?  I sure hope so.
I know things are going to collapse, I'm just trying to figure out what will be the final straw.
If a tropical storm surges, picks up all that oil and corexit, and dumps it across the country crops will fail.  Food shortages!
@markross67 no no, it's not communist, it's socialist, I mean fascist, no no black liberation theology, um, spreading the wealth!
Are their any websites, information sites, or individuals out there that people follow that are accurate, and informative?
@Architekt010 I also check up with Gerald Celente, Max Keiser, Peter Schiff, Bob Chapman, Jim Rogers, Robert Kiyosaki, Marc Faber etc.
@Architekt010 This guy calls the market day after day! http://www.youtube.com/user/PSAadmin#p/u/0/DlY52LZRcNE
Perfect Stock Alert has called it every time.  This is a great forecaster for free! http://www.youtube.com/user/PSAadmin#p/u/0/DlY52LZRcNE
What websites do most people get their news from?
RT @markross67    Congress In Implementing The (Income Tax) 16th Amendment: http://bit.ly/aAOAqr Very revealing!
@Architekt010 Do you have anywhere specific you look for your news?
@Architekt010 good sites  http://www.outlivesheep.com/ http://deathshipamerica.wordpress.com/
@Architekt010 Good sites http://beforeitsnews.com/  http://theeconomiccollapseblog.com/ http://thecomingdepression.blogspot.com/
@Architekt010 Gerald Celente is pretty acurate. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRFKCh_pZ9Y
@Architekt010 There will be no police protection. Places in Ohio are already telling their citizens to arm themselves they can't protect.
@Architekt010 California http://www.youtube.com/user/george4title
@Architekt010 You can watch it cascade into the center of the country, it will start on the east and west coasts.
@Architekt010 I feel sorry for pencil pushers who have never gotten their pretty little finger nails dirty, or have hired their work done.
@Architekt010 I hope people are smart enough to realize who has created this financial destruction.
@Architekt010 Once we can no longer afford to pay others for cheap crapt we will be forced to manufacture produce, grow, and work.
@Architekt010 America is rich in resources, coal, steel, mining, even oil.  The Government also owns 50% of the land which is wealth.
@Architekt010 Yes, I realize Fort Knox is empty. I also realize there is going to be great pain while people readjust to what is real.
@Architekt010 If currency is destroyed, which it will be,it's already planned out. commodities, real things, gold and silver will have value
I guess there is no law that they can't write that the American people will not follow.  Baby killing, Owning your Health and body, etc.
I believe that if they wrote a law stating the American people would have to march off a cliff billions would die waiting for a repeal!
Just because something is the Law does not mean that it is legal or ok.  Slavery was the law and legal, but not ok!
Law tells me I must get a permit before practicing the right to assemble give a date, a time, etc. I guess if it's the law! must obey
Law says California can withold 10% of everyones check in taxes !  Well if it's the law, I guess I must once again obey! obey!
Law states that our elected officials can adjust our taxation to any amount under the sun, well that's our elected officials, I must obey!
Law states the Federal Government can tell me what I can and can't plant in my fields, well if it's the law, I must obey!
Law tells me I must pay the Federal Reserve Banking family the interest on their debt for lending money that never existed, it is the law!
Law says the Government can take my house and land, and make me move for development, sounds fine, I must obey, must obey!
Law saying I must pay for the bail out of GM, Chrysler, banks etc. or face prison time, that sound patriotic to me.
Law saying I can't go film the mess down in the gulf or talk about it, that sounds great.
Law saying it's ok to pay for baby killing, sounds good to me.
There is not any law that should not be obeyed, that's right if they write it into law, you must obey without question. No matter what it is
Everyone must follow the laws, no matter how obsurd, or immoral. You must all pay for baby killing, and buy health care or face the IRS!
In fact you should work really hard to pay back the borrowed money that was created out of thin air in order to have you pay interest!
If the currency is destroyed, which it will be, debt will have no meaning.  You will pay $1,000 for a loaf of bread!
Everyone should work really hard to pay down all their debt before the U.S. destroys the currency so they don't have to pay back theirs!
If the Tea Party stands for the constitution, what do the other parties stand for?
Obama is giving land to Mexico! http://bit.ly/bXQqdJ
Obamanotten the boy pharaoh!  This man is so stupid he's building upside down economic pyramids!  Giant Government, Little private sector!
The United States went off the GOLD standard and destroyed our currency now Malaysia is going to the gold standard!  http://bit.ly/ciVkoS
@KC_kristi "Wealth is the product of man's capacity to think."   then American's are piss poor trading labor for Federal reserve debt notes!
The American people like the Ostrich have their heads in the sand, they have left their soft sides exposed, and are fixing to take it up the
You would have to be a complete idiot not to see what is coming this way!
This whole thing is fixing to come completely undone.  Massive crop failures, poisoned food chain, economic collapse, riots, people starving
@glennbeck Even Sarah Palin is backing candidates like John McCain, and Mary Fallin in Oklahoma over Brogdon!  What happened to you people?
@ResistTyranny  I keep adding zero's behind the 1 on my shirts, but for some reason no one will pay over $15 no matter what!
@ResistTyranny They came for the radio, but it wasn't me, then they came for the internet, and I didn't care, then they came for my shirts!
@ResistTyranny Yes,  util they police the web, the radio, and then my shirts!
@glennbeck Someone somewhere said something to you, because you have changed over the past year at Fox, I'm sorry they got to you!
@glennbeck  Maybe you have faith that a bunch of rino's and one or two like Rand Paul, or Peter Schiff who you won't support could fix it!
@glennbeck  Maybe you could have convinced Washington not to have a violent revolution by explaining to him that the French 1 didn't work!
@glennbeck Washington could have sent you and your chalk board over to bore the British into submission.
@glennbeck Excuse me sir, at which point in the history of our country would you have given Washington your hero the go ahead for violence?
@ResistTyranny That and the Jones family doesn't have the power to tax you in order to pay back the money they printed!
What is the difference in say the Jones Family printing money in a basement in New Jersey, and the Rothschild's printing it in D.C. ?
Money created out of thin air = debt disappearing back where it came, thin air!
The debt is nothing more than psychological enslavement of those who believe that is their labor needed to pay it back.
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
The United States has beend taxing the world through the printing of money.  This cycle is coming to an end now. We are on our own.
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
7.4 million mortgages Nation Wide, are now delinquint in the United Sates of America. http://bit.ly/dqz0f9
40 million Americans on food stamps and the numbers are exploding.
The Owner of the Federal Reserve JP Morgan applying for 1.4 billion tax refund. Paying no taxes for 2009 http://bit.ly/c9sOLB
Wall street giving huge bonuses based on a phony derivitaves market.
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund.
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
Federal Reserve Bank makes record profits during the orchestrated collapse in 2009, while Rome Burns! http://bit.ly/6zMvA1
Only 42% of all income now comes from the private sector.
The Debt can vanish into thin air the same way it was created out of thin air. Simply stop paying all bankers and keep what you have!
20% unemployment in a country where 72% of our economy is based off of consumption with a trade deficit that has ran for over 30 years!
20% unemployment that is 10 out of 50 states completely unemployed, you could drive from east to west coast through 10 states of unemployed!
Gerald Celente is right, but he's soft selling it to you.  You can't even comprehend what is about to happen to you!
The Federal Reserve had one purpose in life the protection of the currency that they have now destroyed!
In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and NO FEDERAL RESERVE BANK! That was freedom, now we are taxed slaves!
Hey America you are not FREE!  You are slaves! If you think you're free prove it and don't pay the Federal Reserve another dime!
Freedom is not free, it never has been free, any time in history where freedom has been achieved it has been a bloody mess!
Glenn Beck is no Washington, for if Washington was Glenn Beck he would have had a chalk board and taught classes about English opression.
Glenn instead of teaching us about the freedoms we had, why don't you tell us how to use the Decleration of Independence to get them back
Glenn Beck has finally put everyone to sleep in front of his chalk board giving history lessons about freedom while we sit with fascism!
The Federal Reserve has taken even more power with the financial theft bill, and still no riots in the streets.
Pay ceaser his dues, and they'll use the money to drive a hook through babies heads and drag the sucker out and throw him in the trash!
Freedom of speech was suspended in the Gulf of Mexico as more examples of fascism become clear, and still no riots in the streets.
Obama care was passed forcing American citizens to buy insurance or be fined by the IRS, and no riots in the streets.
I've spent my entire life not paying for anyone's abortion, now the entire nation will do so or go to prison for tax violations!
Those waiting for November for the Republicans to save them need to wake up.  I've seen the candidates!  WE ARE DOOMED!
I guess spreading the wealth meant spreading wall street debt also to the poor tax payers.
The Banksters want people to pay down as much debt as they can before they destroy and collapse the currency.
In fact if you have open lines of credit, whose to say you wouldn't be better off buying survival supplies.  When the dollar collapses.
Those throwing good money towards paying down debt right now are fools that could be buying food, toilet paper, water, etc.
Soon debt will not matter. One of two situations will occur. People will be unable to pay, or the currency, thus the debt will have no value
The Government only has the power that we give them, and I'm no longer giving!
The Federal Government has broken the constitution and no longer has the power to Govern.
The Federal Reserve is an illegal institution.
abolish the federal Government it has become tyrannical!
BP oil spill extent - satellite views, what obama and media isn't showing you: obama claims to have been in charge... http://bit.ly/aLGLA2
can anyone even find a link to a recent satellite photo of the gulf oil spill?
What is creep is type in satellite photographs bp oil spill and practically nothing shows up in google, and most are from bp's site!
We saw more satellite photos of Iraq before we invaded than we have of our own coast line int the gulf with the media black out in a free C
Why in a free society aren't there any recent satellite photographs of the bp oil spill?
Freedom of the Press is dead.  BP clean up crews silenced in America! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gdrzqwk41pU
When the economy collapses, and it will, Remember who was in charge of our financial stability! THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK! END THE FED!
The Federal Reserves only soul purpose for it's existance was to stabilize our financial system. Abolish instead of Audit, they failed!!!
Ron Paul trying to get a simple audit of the Federal Reserve Bank who stands above the law. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUnpEgPgwGQ
Global financiaql currency crisis http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-S3hjsYW7g
The Fiat currency the King Dollar is going to be replaced. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-S3hjsYW7g
Look at this, your money is nothing but paper and ink, It's just paper. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDwNCpfioRg
The Federal Reserve Banking Family has run the largest counterfeiting ring in the history of mankind. Printing money out of thin air!
The Federal Reserve Bank is Tyranny. They are unelected, and yet have more power than any elected official, and they run the country.
The Federal Reserve Bank is more powerful than any elected official, they can decide Lehman Fails, JP Morgan succeeds. No one else has that
The Federal Reserve Bank is above the law, they cannot be audited, they cannot be questioned, and Obama has given them even more power!
Has anyone noticed that the most protected industry of the United States in the Banks.
Bankers around the world should have their assests seized for their wealth was created with a printing press and factional reserve banking
If banks created money out of thin air in order for you to pay it back with your real labor, would you believe in that? National Debt
National debt is psychological enslavement. The debt is as real as Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and fiat currency!
The National Debt is only owed to the super wealthy, giant banks, and the Federal Reserve. What they loaned they didin't even have to lend!
United states debt is not real, it only exists in the realm of fiat currency, and your own imagination. We owe no 1, and are slaves to no 1
The banks want us to become slaves working for them to repay something they created out of thin air.  The debt is imaginary!
National debt is as imaginary as the currency it is based on. Don't become a bank slave for the rest of your lives.
The National Debt is not real. It exists in the same place that the money was created. It only exists in thin air, and the belief in debt.
If the debt can be created by loaning a fiat currency that was printed out of thin air, the debt can be erased in much the same way.
The only people that we owe money to are bankers. End the Banks, not our country. Erase all debt created in the U.S. dollar.
The financial nightmare is all imaginary, we owe no one, no taxes should be raised, the debt was created on an imaginary currency.
What is the company that sold BP right before the disaster doing right now.  Goldman Sachs is the largest holder of GOLD!
Gold is going higher, and so is silver.
Some predict the stock market 2,000.
Stock market is collapsing, wil go below 8,000 shortly!
Gulf of Mexico disaster, massive layoffs, the death of tourism, and a faster collapse!
This is not a 1930's depression, this is a 1990's Soviet style complete collapse! America will not be recognizable by the end of this year.
America owes more than it's gdp and is bankrupt!
Our Government now purchasing it's own treasuries, and is bankrupt!
Medicare Bankrupt!
Fannie, and Freddie Bankrupt!
Social Secuirty Bankrupt!
Greece, Ireland, Portugal, Spain, Great Britian, all bankrupt
Derrivatives market bankrupt!
33 states bankrupt!
municipal bonds bankrupt
The Federal Reserve is unelected which is tyranny. They pass down their families power from generation to generation they are rulers!
The Federal Reserve decides who companies that win, and those who fail. No branch of government or leader has that power!
The Federal Reserve is above all laws, it is above all audits, it stands above all citizens who pay their Federal Income Tax to them.
Electing candidates to office will not reset our nation back to it's constitutional beliefs, or end the Federal Reserve.
The Tea Party does not stand for waiting around for an electoral process which is a fools game being played on the people.
The Tea Party Movement "a populist uprising tax revolt against all government" has been hijacked into an electoral support candidates event.
Barroso threatening People around the world, Either pay the bankers or face dictatorships! What is the difference? http://bit.ly/8ZH4rX
This could be me talking, this is exactly my view on everything he says. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61B96G-wwf8
America manufactures Banks, and Debt!
American Debtors Prisons!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeCTLPaxiqU
Gold retains it's value because it's money, the United States Dollar does not because they are Federal Reserve Debt Notes, not money.
Federal Reserve (Rothschild Paper Printing Company) IRS (Rothschild Collection Agency) Citizens (Rothschilds tax slaves) GOT IT?
Our country is bankrupt, it's currency has no value, it's debt owed to the Federal Reserve private family bankers is upayable.
Media Blackout, billions could die BP oil spill. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYhugmaAL3A
BP tapped into an oil reserve containing 100,000 psi !  Oil on top of a volcanic pocket under the ocean floor. http://bit.ly/cTG8F0
Public elections official saying Obama was not born in America, but it no longer matters! Then calls patriots racists http://bit.ly/aMH8iV
Public elections official saying there is no Birth Certificate for Obama on local television station! http://bit.ly/aMH8iV
Also think of all the Social Security benefits they'll no longer have to pay once millions of retired people die from toxic exposure!
Our Government is fixing to make billions off of the death of millions of people in the gulf thanks to the New 2011 Death TaX!!!!!!
They grilled the BP President the other day about Health coverage in the Gulf.
@American1st Or maybe you just missed the actual words of the Kennedy who tried to end the Federal Reserve Bank before he was killed?
@American1st Or maybe you missed the part of the film with Alex Jones, maybe you think he's a liberal communist socialist also?
@American1st Maybe you missed the part of the film where our leaders are out in the woods wearing robes burning things in front of statues?
@American1st Are you a liberal media plant, because you sure enjoy telling me what I think.
America's socialist experiment has come to an end. It will join every other socialist collapsed country throughout time. http://bit.ly/YJSdr
@American1st Did you even read any of my other posts, or you just picked out that one link? Dissected it and branded me.
@American1st You're fixing to witness the death of the dollar, and the biggest debtor nation the world has ever known collapse.
@American1st Dow will drop 2000 points very soon. Soon it won't matter what I think.
@American1st I believe our grandparents fought during world war 2 against fascism and socialism and we've become what they fought against!
@SPituche I agree with some conservatives on some things, Ron Paul on most things, and Democrats on nothing.
@American1st I agree with what zeitgeist has to say about the Federal Reserve Bank, but don't agree with their entire message either.
@American1st I do believe the people controlling this country are the Federal Reserve Bank that we are subjects to their rule of tyranny.
@American1st I do support equality for women and blacks, but past that don't agree with a damn thing they did to the constitution in 100 yrs
@American1st I support the constitution as it was originally written. I do not support the things added to it after 1912 and beyond.
@American1st I am more of a libertarian than a conservative, and do not pretend to be anything other than that. Small, Tiny Government.
@American1st When everything comes undone, and it will. I hope the communists, socialists, and most important the Fed get theirs.
@American1st I don't agree with everything the video said, or everyone in it.  I don't follow anything, or anybody blindly.
@American1st I support the 2nd Amendment and practice it myself.
God of the Dead statue erected at the Denver world airport! (anubus) but let's not have any crosses!
USA Gun Owners Buy 14 Million Plus Guns In 2009 – More Than 21 of the Worlds Standing Armies Combined
"You also bought 1,529,635,000 rounds of ammunition in just the month of December. Yeah, that is right, that is billion with a 'b.'
Guns purchased legally in the United States this year could outfit two armies – and not just any armies, the armies of China and India
Everything that could be done to destroy a nation is being done.
We will not stop, we will not give up our freedoms, our country, or our original constitution!
The Ruler of the United States of America, is the Federal Reserve Bank, the only thing missing is the title of ruler.
People have greater trust in the Federal Reserve Debt notes than God, for many have sold their souls to get them.
On the back of a Federal Reserve note, it says "in God We Trust", but it's not really god your trusting in.
A Federal Reserve Note is only worth what Americans are willing to give for it. Years of slave labor.
Bankers being arrested in Iceland for banking terrorism. http://bit.ly/9k7UDn Standing up to global banking enslavement!
Bank protests in Iceland the torches come out Come-Out-in-Iceland.aspx Standing up to global banking enslavement!
Bank protests in Greece. http://bit.ly/a1sJQT Standing up to global banking enslavement!
Bank protests in Romania http://bit.ly/9nWGjx Standing up to global banking enslavement!
Bank protests in Ireland http://bit.ly/d666gt  Standing up to global banking plans!
You want to know who rules your life. Your President tried to tell you and was assassinated! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaH-lGafwtE
If you want your borders enforced it is because of the Federal Reserves desire for one North American currency.  They don't want borders!
If you are out of work, it was because of the Federal Reserves plan for a global bank.
RT @markross67    The Road to Serfdom: http://bit.ly/aQPRmG (The Reader's Digest, Condensed Version)
We are no longer a republic but a fascist monarchy. The rulers are any family that owns the Federal Reserve, unelected Tyranny!
In 1912 there was no National Debt, we were a land of truly free people electing fellow citizens to represent us. Now we are taxed slaves!
Outrageous Cigerette Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Workers Compensation Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Cap & Trade Carbon Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Health Care Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Well Permit Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Watercraft Registration Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Vehicle Sales Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Vehicle License Registration Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Utility Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Trailer Registration Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Traffic Fines (indirect taxation) didn't exist in 1912!
Toll Tunnel Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Toll Bridge Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone usage charge tax didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone state and local tax didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone recurring and non-recurring charges tax didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone minimum usage surcharge tax didn't exist in 1912!
local surcharge taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone federal, state and didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone federal universal service fee tax didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone federal excise tax didn't exist in 1912!
State Unemployment Tax (SUTA) didn't exist in 1912!
State Income Tax didn't exist in 1912!
School Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Road Toll Booth Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Recreational Vehicle Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Sales Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Road Usage Taxes (Truckers) didn't exist in 1912!
Social Security Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Service Charge Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Septic Permit Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Real Estate Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Property Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Medicare Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Marriage License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Luxury Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Local Income Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Liquor Tax didn't exist in 1912!
IRS Penalties (tax on top of tax) didn't exist in 1912!
Inventory tax IRS Interest Charges (tax on top of tax) didn't exist in 1912!
Inheritance Tax Interest expense (tax on the money) didn't exist in 1912!
Hunting License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Gasoline Tax (60 cents per gallon) didn't exist in 1912!
Fuel permit tax didn't exist in 1912!
Food License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Fishing License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Federal Unemployment Tax (FUTA) didn't exist in 1912!
Federal Income Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Dog License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Court Fines (indirect taxes) didn't exist in 1912!
Corporate Income Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Cigarette Tax didn't exist in 1912!
CDL license Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Capital Gains Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Building Permit Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Accounts Receivable Tax, didn't exist in 1912!
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Global economic warfare is under way.  http://bit.ly/clCP4s
Food prices spiraling out of control due to inflation and shortages. http://bit.ly/8XBJSA
Commercial Real Estate collapsing across America. http://bit.ly/9Oug2u
IMF is now refusing to sell gold! Gold moves up on news, and now everything comes unhinged. http://bit.ly/d1T8HL
U.S. mint has haulted production of gold and silver coins because they ran out of Gold and Silver!
comex gold report. People taking ownership at an alarming rate! http://bit.ly/aVnwOJ
Silver market manipulated by the Federal Reserve Bank via JP Morgan Chase. http://bit.ly/aGg38q
CFTC hearing revealed that there is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold.
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
John F. Kennedy tried to restore the power of treasury back to congress, stripping the Federal Reserve Bank. http://bit.ly/d40aBU
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
California decides to withold 10% of citizens paychecks.  http://bit.ly/4Gwl21
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
7.4 million mortgages Nation Wide, are now delinquint in the United Sates of America. http://bit.ly/dqz0f9
40 million Americans on food stamps and the numbers are exploding. http://bit.ly/8ZdY1c
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund.
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
Federal Reserve Bank makes record profits during the orchestrated collapse in 2009, while Rome Burns! http://bit.ly/6zMvA1
Only 42% of all income now comes from the private sector.
Our debt has surpassed our GDP! That doesn't even include unfunded liabilites! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgABQzWQ-Ww
I hate Obama, I'm no racist because I equally hate his white half, and all his white Federal Reserve Friends, he keeps giving more power to
@Daggy1 Few people are even aware they're paying gas tax.  My Nephew was oblivious that he was paying tobacco tax.
If oil prices were suppressed & manipulated the way gold and silver are, gasoline would be 25 cents a gallon!
The debt is nothing more than enslavement of the working people to banks and governments!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse.  During the last great depression the $ was not collapsing!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse.  We did not have military spread out across the entire globe policing the world!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse.  This is not the Great Depression, this is the collapse of the USSR only USA style!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse. This is the collapse of a nation, not a downturn in an economy!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse. The average family was not living with massive debt!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse. We were for the most part energy independent!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse. We didn't have derivitives!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse. We didn't have unfunded liabilites!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse. We were not buying our own bonds because no one else would.
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse. Our Government was no where near the size it is now, nor the burden!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse. Our biggest industries were not banking!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse. Our nation was a nation of production, not consumption!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse.  Our currency was pegged to Gold and Silver!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse. Our national debt was not the same as our GDP!
This is not the Great Depression this is much worse. During the great depression we had the greatest industrial country on earth!
10 out of 50 states unemployed! Image driving a straight line from East Coast to West Coast through 10 states with no one working!
25 million Americans unemployed! 20% real unemployment! 10 out of the 50 States! completely unemployed!
USA 139 million person work force 40 million on food stamps!
80 million U.S. Families 40 million food stamp recipients!
National Debt! unfunded liabilites $352,000 dollar debt per citizen, over a $1,000,000 per (WORKING) citizen!
20 million + Government employees!  The largest corporation in the country! Producing nothing and burdening us all.
In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax, No Natinal Debt, because there was no Federal Reserve Bank, now we are taxed slaves!
The last desperate grab for total power by the Federal Reserve Bank, a dying institution! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vR8Q1mxwzo
The Federal Reserve, is the only private unregulated intity on the planet! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vR8Q1mxwzo
BP oil spill was a created event. Goldman Sachs (aka Federal Reserve/Bilderberg) dumped BP shares right before it took place.
RT @HoolohaTube Follow Weekly News: Gulf Oil Spill Many will be exposed to airborne & waterborne chemicals http://hooloha.com/newstv
The oil spill is running non stop by design. It's their answer to climategate. These people know no bounds!
3 factors have changed since the last great depression. 1 money was pegged to gold. 2 natinal debt 3 we had greatest industrial engine
What is the economy going to look like? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugRGkxAZTRA
How to destroy America. Have Government educate our children!
How to destroy America. Charge 60 cents a gallon in tax for roads, and bridges, then don't use that money for roads and bridges!
How to destroy America.  Don't have an energy policy!
How to destroy America. Pay farmers not to produce anything!
How to destroy America. Take god out of everything. Not freedom of religion, but Forced from religion!
How to destroy America. Destroy Christianity, tax people at such a rate they have no more to give.
How to destroy America. Slaughter the unborn, yank those suckers out with a spike through the head, then ask why God does not belss America.
How to destroy America. Create a drug war you have no intention of winning, and get millions strung out on drugs in the process
How to destroy America. Destroy all pride and go around the world apologizing for even being an American!
How to destroy America. Create a class of citizens voting for a living, while others work for one.
How to destroy America. Pass the 16th ammendment, until then Federal Income tax was illegal, and unconstitutional. Oh the good old days!
How to destroy America. Destroy state sovereignty and the 10th Ammendment.
How to destroy America. Have courts that don't know the law, but translate it to mean whatever they want it to mean.
How to destroy America. Turn private industries into Government controlled industries. Chrysler, GM, Banks, etc.
How to destroy America. export all manufacturing and production jobs!
How to destroy America. Have an economy based off of 72% consumption, and 20% unemployment.
How to destroy America. enslave millions by giving them enough money to live in poverty, and destroy an entire cultures pride.
How to destroy America. Create a giant credit card for the country and then run it up past the point of being able to pay it off.
How to destroy America. Take the dollar of the gold standard.
How to destroy America. divide the country between two political parties, then pretend that their end goals are different when they are not.
How to destroy America. Send millions out in foreign aid in fact funding the people around the world that hate us the most.
How to destroy America. Disarm our nuclear power, and our nuclear warheads unilaterally.
How to destroy America. Fight endless decade long wars that have no victory or fininish line.
How to destroy America. Hand over the monetary system to the Federal Reserve Bank, and allow private bankers total control of currency.
How to destroy America. Make out country dependent on foreign oil. Have an energy policy that relies on other countries.
How to destroy America. have completely open boarders, and enforce no boarder laws.
How to destroy America. Print money backed by nothing with the promise that the American people will pay it off with their labor
How to destroy America. Divide Americans into as many sub groups as possible. black white, christian muslim, democrat republican
How to destroy America. Flood the gulf with oil, and do nothing to stop it, while destroying the entire eco system.
How to destroy America. Put millions on welfare, putting the charitable work of the church into a forced non charity situation.
How to destroy America. Run trade deficits for over 30 years in a row!
@TheLibertyTree No, it is the last straw. People simply won't pay, and will excercise the 2nd Ammendment against tyranny.
@fleckman He's using the Jedi Mind Trick. "Why are you not transparent?" We are Transparent? "He is transparent." #askdaddy #tcot #p2
Soon those willing to work will be able to provide for their families, those unwiling to work will no longer be served by the many
We are leaving an era of slavery through banking both on the national level through taxation, and the lending of non existant money by elite
World currencies are collapsing.
The U.S. Mint has canceled production of  Silver Eagle proof coins,  Gold Eagle proof coins, and  Gold Eagle uncirculated coins.
buyers purchased an astonishing 3,636,500 of the one ounce silver coins. This number smashes the old May record of 1,904,500 set last year.
The U.S. mint sold 190,000 1-ounce American Eagle gold coins in May,
Gold and silver supplies have run out and no one is talking about it! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IE9ouB3GNJw
Europe running out of gold and silver http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IE9ouB3GNJw
The Government is doing everything it can to keep people in mass from buying gold and silver.
Recent run in Europe on everything Gold and Silver. Hmmm, paper promises or gold?
IMF refusing to sell their gold.
the United States Mint is required by Public Law 99-185 to produce these coins “in quantities sufficient to meet public demand . . . .”
Earlier we reported  that the US Mint has run out of American Eagle silver coins. It turns out the Mint is also out of gold American Eagles.
Central Bank of Iran (CBI) unveils a major plan for converting 45 billion of its euro reserves into dollar and gold ingots.
Straight from the U.S. Mint website. They've RUN OUT OF SILVER!!!!!!! http://bit.ly/3yG2YK
Silver stocks are going to skyrocket, if they cannot make good with physical silver, they will have to pay out the value of the silver!
Straight from the U.S. Mint website. They've RUN OUT OF SILVER!!!!!!! http://bit.ly/3yG2YK
U.S. Mint runs out of silver. http://bit.ly/cYWMa3 If Silver has run out it should be $200 an oz. not $20 an oz. !!!!!!!
U.S. Mint runs out of silver. http://bit.ly/cYWMa3 This really shows that the prices on Wall Street are a manipulated lie!
U.S. Mint runs out of silver. http://bit.ly/cYWMa3 silver and gold stocks will be worthless, physical silver will skyrocket!
U.S. Mint runs out of silver. http://bit.ly/cYWMa3 If they're out of silver what are all those paper silver promises sold on Wall Street?
The Ruler of the United States of America, is the Federal Reserve Bank, the only thing missing is the title of ruler.
People have greater trust in the Federal Reserve Debt notes than God, for many have sold their souls to get them.
On the back of a Federal Reserve note, it says "in God We Trust", but it's not really god your trusting in.
A Federal Reserve Note is only worth what Americans are willing to give for it. Years of slave labor.
Banks launch financial terrorism. http://bit.ly/d7Y8ql
Bankers being arrested in Iceland for banking terrorism. http://bit.ly/9k7UDn
Bank protests in Iceland the torches come out Come-Out-in-Iceland.aspx
Bank protests in Greece. http://bit.ly/a1sJQT
Bank protests in Romania http://bit.ly/9nWGjx
Bank protests in Ireland http://bit.ly/d666gt
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Global economic warfare is under way.  http://bit.ly/clCP4s
Food prices spiraling out of control due to inflation and shortages. http://bit.ly/8XBJSA
Commercial Real Estate collapsing across America. http://bit.ly/9Oug2u
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
End the Federal Reserve Bank candidate wins CPAC vote! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bJALN7qEYU
IMF is now refusing to sell gold! Gold moves up on news, and now everything comes unhinged. http://bit.ly/d1T8HL
Experts predicted Social Security would cost more than it was taking in by 2016 http://bit.ly/1LA2C , it happened 2010! http://bit.ly/aWVptj
comex gold report. People taking ownership at an alarming rate! http://bit.ly/aVnwOJ
Silver market manipulated by the Federal Reserve Bank via JP Morgan Chase. http://bit.ly/aGg38q
CFTC hearing revealed that there is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold.
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
Ohio man bulldozes $350,000 home to avoid foreclosure, and give the middle finger to the IRS. http://bit.ly/9huFyx
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Who really runs our Government? The Federal Reserve Bank, John F. Kennedy Told the truth. http://bit.ly/dDgXc and suddenly died.
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
Kansas City  MO, closing half their schools! http://bit.ly/8XKsm6  Cut schools, definately not Government fat, or pensions!
The United States has beend taxing the world through the printing of money.  This cycle is coming to an end now. We are on our own.
California decides to withold 10% of citizens paychecks.  http://bit.ly/4Gwl21
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
Tax Refunds will not be going out in ID, KS, AL, NC, NY, HI. Those states are holding on to your money because of budget short falls.
In January alone 346,000 borrowers fell behind on their mortgage payments for the first time.
7.4 million mortgages Nation Wide, are now delinquint in the United Sates of America. http://bit.ly/dqz0f9
40 million Americans on food stamps and the numbers are exploding. http://bit.ly/8ZdY1c
Our third world neighbor is now refusing U.S. dollars at their banks! HA http://bit.ly/ddWeAw
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
Federal Reserve Bank makes record profits during the orchestrated collapse in 2009, while Rome Burns! http://bit.ly/6zMvA1
Only 42% of all income now comes from the private sector.
Lift up the curtain and reveal the Federal Reserve Banking families! http://bit.ly/J2mNW
In 1912 there was no federal income tax, no national debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank, Now we are taxed slaves!
The Federal Reserve Bank, is a slavemaster. Selling your labor, and your kids future labor until all your days belong to them.
The U.S. dollar is slavery whenever one class can print endless amounts of money, while others work and toil for theirs.
@RestoreAllTruth 397 North African Council, Carthage, determines canon 	Jerome translates Vulgate	Nag Hammadi writings hidden
@RestoreAllTruth 325 Council of Nicaea The canon determined by	367 Athanasius lists 27 N.T. books 	381 Council of Constantinople
@RestoreAllTruth 313AD Constantine converts to Christianity
@RestoreAllTruth One last thought, the canon was comprised 300 years after Jesus had been crucified, by the "AUTHORITIES" at the time.
@RestoreAllTruth “I set up kings and I take down kings. The French revolution. God's will, the American Revolution, God's will.
@RestoreAllTruth Pharaoh was a ruler also, and by your logic was appointed by GOD. It doesn't say render unto Pharaoh, what is Pharaoh's.
@RestoreAllTruth Go in unto Pharaoh, and tell him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may serve me.
@RestoreAllTruth He (GOD) has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, To proclaim liberty to captives And freedom to prisoners;
@RestoreAllTruth "Ye shall not therefore oppress one another..." Leviticus 25:17	And our government has in fact become oppresive.
@RestoreAllTruth "Ye shall...proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof;" Leviticus 25:10
@RestoreAllTruth Do you think the Christians crucified for their christianity and fed to the lions were worried about their tax status?
@RestoreAllTruth Do you honestly believe it was right for the Jews to pay Hitler right before they were cooked alive in ovens?
@RestoreAllTruth "Romans Version" Render to all what is due them: tax to whom tax is due. surprise, all of a sudden the word tax!
@RestoreAllTruth render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's."This says give caesar what he deserves
@RestoreAllTruth May God have mercy on us all.
@RestoreAllTruth God bless you and all of those you care about.  If you stand with Jesus, you will never face the cutting edge of the sword.
@RestoreAllTruth Having to call it a night, Thank you so much for your perspective. It's easy to lose sight when under constant attack.
@RestoreAllTruth A Bible, gun, food, ammunition, a network of fellowship, toilet paper, the constitution, and hold on because it's coming!
@RestoreAllTruth For allowing state sponsored slaughter of the most innocent of lives. Those who never had a chance to draw one breath.
@RestoreAllTruth For allowing Government to teach our children.
@RestoreAllTruth We are fixing to get what we deserve for not standing up whenever we should have stood up.
@RestoreAllTruth Yes indeed, and we are all fixing to get exactly what we deserve. I will agree with that 100%
@RestoreAllTruth "I come not to bring peace, but to bring a sword"
@RestoreAllTruth This Government IS NOT Ceasar ! Ceasar is dead.  Was Hitler Ceaser? Was pol pot Ceaser? No they were evil.
@RestoreAllTruth Christ whenever he went into the temple confronted the money changers.
@RestoreAllTruth Call evil by it's name, recognize it, confront it, but do not ignore it.
@RestoreAllTruth It is not a civilian affair whenever they have waged religious warfare against God, morality, and openly promote sin.
@RestoreAllTruth Many men have sold their souls to obtain the Federal Reserve Debt Notes. Many politicians included.
@RestoreAllTruth They deceive all with fiat currency. They lie and use God's name on their debt notes.  They enslave mankind, lust power.
@RestoreAllTruth What in modern time could be considered more sinful than the Federal Reserve Bank? They represent Satan very well.
@RestoreAllTruth Jesus did not teach religion, he was the son of GOD. Religion was mans invention so that one man could control many.
In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, & No Federal Reserve Bank. That was freedom, now we are taxed slaves.
@RestoreAllTruth When Charity becomes entitlement, when it is forced not given, Then the one receiving is free, and the other enslaved.
@RestoreAllTruth The Government has been feeding people without teaching them how to fish, now we understand what Jesus was saying!
@RestoreAllTruth The church is being destroyed by the Government assuming all charity in the United States through forced compliance.
@RestoreAllTruth It says in "In God We Trust" on our currency, but god is not who Americans are placing their faith in when trusting the $
Not one damn thing has changed to create an economic recovery.  We are a spending addicted economy who shot up with more borrowing!
Economic recovery because people have found a new source of energy! NOPE!!!!
Economic recovery because our economy is no longer supported by 72% consumption? nope!
Economic recovery because wealth has returned to the middle class who consume goods in America? nope!
Economic recovery because states are now in the black, and no longer spending money they don't have? nope!
Economic recovery because we have paid down the national debt, and stopped running up the US credit card? nope!
Economic recovery because lending has eased to small businesses? nope!
Economic recovery because people have stopped going into bankruptcy? nope!
Economic recovery because housing is recovering? nope!
Economic recovery because we have changed speculative buying on wall Street? nope!
Economic recovery because we have reduced the size of government and therefore the tax burden on tax payers? nope!
Economic recovery because we have stopped the printing of money and inflation? nope!
Economic recovery because America is producing goods and manufacturing has returned? nope!
Economic recovery because trade deficits have reversed? NOPE!
Economic recovery because unemployment is going down. NOPE!
Europe is running out of physical gold and silver! this run destroy paper currencies world wide. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IE9ouB3GNJw
in 1912 There was no, I repeat no Federal Income Tax. Every single person in 1912 was unpatriotic and didn't even know it! 1912 by 2012!
The Federal Reserve Bank, is no less oppressive than socialism, fascism, a monarch or a dictatorship.
The Federal Reserve buys and sells the freedom of man. If repaying their debt with our labor is not slavery I don't know what is.
People have a greater trust in the Federal Reserve Debt note than they do GOD. How many have sold their souls for fiat money?
The biggest lie ever put into print. "In God We Trust" on the Federal Reserve Note, when it isn't god your putting your trust in.
I wish all those who fought and died for freedom against socialism, and fascism, were here today to kick our Governments ass!
Peter Schiff explains how elections in America are rigged! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gBWvaiKUdM
Read this that Obama is sueing 14 Governors for creating state militia's http://bit.ly/b0XkML
3 trillion in commercial mortgages set to explode. http://bit.ly/9gwGCt
Everything that is wrong with our country is being funded by the Federal Reserve Bank. Not Federal No Reserves, and no bank.
Plantation owners (Federal Reserve Banking Family) http://bit.ly/J2mNW The slaves! (YOU)
Just remember everything that you hate about what your country is becoming has been financed by the Federal Reserve Bank!
Billions are waking up to just who the Federal Reserve is. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bJALN7qEYU
What if the Federal Reserve Bank was called the Rothschild paper printing company, and their dollars had bankers instead of presidents!
The Federal Reserve wanted to give women equal rights, the power to vote, and work because it created more potential working tax slaves!
The Federal Reserve wanted welfare, because it pitted one class against another, and re-enslaved blacks and lower class!
The Federal Reserve Bank was created under the lie of protecting our currency, they have instead financially enslaved an entire nation!
The Federal Reserve Bank was created under the lie of protecting our financial system, and they constantly destroy it to consolidate power!
The Federal Reserve Bank, was created to protect our currency, and they have destroyed it!.  1 $20 gold piece is now $1200 !!!!
Where did the Federal Reserve Banking Family get their money to create the debt to enslave us? They printed it out of thin air!!!
Who are our children and grandchildren going to work their entire lives to repay? The Federal Reserve Banking family!
Who holds, the majority of our national debt, that enslves us all? The Federal Reserve Bank Family
Who pays for every ounce of the socialist agenda brought on by Big Government? The Federal Reserve Bank (not federal, privately owned)
Democrats would not exist in America without the Federal Reserve financing every single part of their social engineering, and making us pay!
The Federal Reserve financed the Health Care bill. more borrowing , more enslavement.
The Federal Reserve is financing both political parties, that is why there the audit the Fed bill has collapsed and been gutted.
The Federal Reserve is financing the Fascism in our country. Our GOvernment had no money to buy GM, Chrysler, the Untions, etc.
The Federal Reserve is financing the socialism of our country in order to buy our silence, our freedoms, and enslave all of us.
The Federal Reserve is financing welfare, unemployment social security, the wars, every peice of social engineering is paid for by them.
The Federal Reserve is financing every single policy you hate!!!!!!!!!!. They financed Cash for clunkers, the bank bailouts, the spending!
People are waking up to what the Federal Reserve truly is, they will now either come to an end, or create a world Fed known as the IMF!
The Federal Reserve is more powerful than the church itself! Because the paper that you spend every day requires much more faith than GOD!
The Federal Reserve Bank loves war, it allows them to finance it with nothing, but the stroke of a finger, while citizens become slave labor
The Federal Reserve Loves Fannie and Freddie, They now own more private housing in American than the citizens do, with phony money!
The Federal Reserve loves debt, and banking collapses, it allows them to consolidate power, their bank will never collapse, they print money
The Federal Reserve is the IMF, and they want to bail out and enslave citizens of the world. Money created out of thin air traded for labor!
The Federal Reserve wants the Regulations bill, because it names them directly as having more control, power, and oversight.
The Federal Reserve wants amnesty, it gives them more tax payers, and more money, bigger welfare state, that they can finance with interest.
The Federal Reserve wants Health care, because it gave them power. More agents, more tax penalties, more money!
Every single American now lives under Tyranny, we are slaves in our own land.
America where you have taxation with representation, although the Federal Reserve is family owned, unelected, and is all powerful.
@ShynJAmero Yes you can trust your Government, just ask those in New Orleans, American Indians, Japanese during WW2, and even now.
America, Freedom of speech, unless we don't like what your saying, then we slander you, monitor you, and then regulate your media.
America, the right to bear arms. that is unless like in New Orleans Katrina, where they institutded martial law, and ceased all weapons.
America a republic of laws, unless the Government wants to purchase big companies with tax money, then there are no laws.
America where we have justice for all, unless you are accused by the collection agency of the Fed (IRS) then you are guilty, guilty guilty!
America, where we have the right to own property, unless our Government wants it, or a giant corporation, or a college, or something.
America where it is ok to die fighting fascism as long as it's in 1943 Europe, not here on American soil.
America the land of the slaves, I mean free.
We are Slaves, the only difference between us and the early black slaves, is we are too stupid to realize we're slaves!
Did you have fun working today?  Paying for GM, Chrysler, Unions, Banks that aren't paying taxes like you are, Government workers, etc.
@janiegirl007 Warning on Jenna Link, your welcome.  I should have looked at her profile before opening, it screams don't open.
Almost 13 Trillion spent, and they might as well have been pissing on a house fire. The collapse is still on the way.
All July 4th Tea Parties should be held in front of Federal Reserve Buildings!
The Tea Party Movement should move on the Federal Reserve in mass the way they've moved on Washington in the past.
For those who don't believe in conspiracies a word from our President of these United States. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLnSmWIdfHQ
Secret societies http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLnSmWIdfHQ
@LifeMakesMeLaff The links you sent me the other day were broken, The bloomberg page came up blank for some reason.
Banks launch financial terrorism. http://bit.ly/d7Y8ql
Bankers being arrested in Iceland for banking terrorism. http://bit.ly/9k7UDn
Bank protests in Iceland the torches come out Come-Out-in-Iceland.aspx
Bank protests in Greece. http://bit.ly/a1sJQT
Bank protests in Romania http://bit.ly/9nWGjx
Bank protests in Ireland http://bit.ly/d666gt
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Global economic warfare is under way.  http://bit.ly/clCP4s
Commercial Real Estate collapsing across America. http://bit.ly/9Oug2u
Goldman Sachs admits that the commodities sold do not match the actual production and inventories. Uh OH! http://bit.ly/dwwVDR
Silver just passed $18 an ounce. Goodbye dollar!
IMF is now refusing to sell gold! Gold moves up on news, and now everything comes unhinged. http://bit.ly/d1T8HL
Experts predicted Social Security would cost more than it was taking in by 2016 http://bit.ly/1LA2C , it happened 2010! http://bit.ly/aWVptj
Gold supplies exhausted in around 3 months. http://bit.ly/9lv80P
comex gold report. People taking ownership at an alarming rate! http://bit.ly/aVnwOJ
CFTC hearing revealed that there is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold.
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Who really runs our Government? The Federal Reserve Bank, John F. Kennedy Told the truth. http://bit.ly/dDgXc and suddenly died.
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
California decides to withold 10% of citizens paychecks.  http://bit.ly/4Gwl21
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET Even lower since this report!
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
Tax Refunds will not be going out in ID, KS, AL, NC, NY, HI. Those states are holding on to your money because of budget short falls.
In January alone 346,000 borrowers fell behind on their mortgage payments for the first time.
7.4 million mortgages Nation Wide, are now delinquint in the United Sates of America. http://bit.ly/dqz0f9
40 million Americans on food stamps and the numbers are exploding. http://bit.ly/8ZdY1c
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund.
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
Federal Reserve Bank makes record profits during the orchestrated collapse in 2009, while Rome Burns! http://bit.ly/6zMvA1
Only 42% of all income now comes from the private sector.
The link sent by jennasalinas32 You Have To View This - http://is.gd/cpX0x?i=FyA is dangerous to your computer  @ThatDamnLa
This link sent by jennasalinas32  is dangerous to your computer You Have To View This - http://is.gd/cpX0x?i=FyA @deekalipok @janiegirl007
This link sent by is dangerous to your computer jennasalinas32    You Have To View This - http://is.gd/cpX0x?i=FyA @YaniqueYen @amybethea
This link is dangerous to your computer. Sent by jennasalinas32 You Have To View This - http://is.gd/cpX0x?i=FyA @pickledshark
The dow Jones will bounce for a couple of days, but with each bounce will downturn lower each time until collapse.
The tax on everything you buy is going up. It's called the Fed prints the money for free, and you work for what they print.
Have you been to the Grocery store lately. those higher prices are TAXES created through the Fed, and Inflation.
In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, because there was no Federal Reserve. We were all enslaved in 1913.
It's been a combination of greed on Wall Street, and thirst for socialism that has destroyed a once great nation.
The dumbest thing I've ever seen is people watching wall street. It's a rigged casino, and the house always wins.
Americas grand experiment with socialism, recently becoming fascism, is coming to an end. We were all sold out almost 100 years ago.
America is no longer a nation built on freedom, but chained in debt & shackles for all of it's slaves in the galley rowing their lives away.
Yet to watch tv and the stock market it's like going to a used car sales person to figure out your financial situation.  Buy, BUY! BUY!
With a 20% unemployment 10 out of the 50 States are completely unemployed. of the remaining 40, 20 of those are supported by Government.
Every single (WORKING) American owes almost 1,000,000 dollars in personal, national, and unfunded liability debt.
The largest debtor nation in the history of the world is collapsing.
House to vote on $200 more billion dollars in new spending!
RT @momus1978 @Paceset9999  @davidjakrheaume @jefffillion  Barack Obama: Inaction as a Form of Governance - http://drscoundrels.com/?p=1264
The stock market is a rigged game, it will close above 10,000 today because it has to because of psychological impact.
Americans who are able to financially survive without any reliance on the U.S. government whatsoever is declining at a staggering rate
Obama is using his Weiner to attack Glenn Beck, and try to hold back Gold sales.
Liberals like George Soros, Obama through Weiner, and even Bill Maher are attacking gold because it threatens the Fed, and their socialism.
Gold threatens everything the socialists have planned, and now George Soros is attacking gold calling it a bubble.
more Americans filed for bankruptcy in March 2010 than during any month since U.S. bankruptcy law was tightened in October 2005.
1.41 million Americans filed for personal bankruptcy in 2009 - a 32 percent increase over 2008.
In March, the price of fresh and dried vegetables in the United States soared 49.3% - the most in 16 years.
Defaults on apartment building mortgages held by U.S. banks climbed to a record 4.6 percent in the first quarter of 2010.
Richard Russell, the famous author of the Dow Theory Letters, says that Americans should sell anything they can sell in order to get liquid
The bottom 40 percent of those living in the United States now collectively own less than 1 percent of the nation’s wealth.
One new poll shows that 76 percent of Americans believe that the U.S. economy is still in a recession.
Gallup's measure of underemployment hit 20.0% on March 15th.
The mayor of Detroit says that the real unemployment rate in his city is somewhere around 50 percent.
43 percent of Americans have less than $10,000 saved for retirement.
Both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac recently told the U.S. government that they are going to need even more bailout money.
The FDIC is backing 8,000 banks that have a total of $13 trillion in assets with a deposit insurance fund that is basically flat broke.
The FDIC's list of problem banks recently hit a 17-year high.
Monstrous amounts of oil continue to gush into the Gulf of Mexico, seafood and tourism industries along the Gulf coast will be devastated
the U.S. national debt will reach 100 percent of GDP by the year 2015.
The U.S. Treasury announced that the U.S. government suffered a wider-than-expected budget deficit of 82.69 billion dollars in April.
the U.S. government is projected to have a 1.6 trillion dollar deficit in 2010
Month after month after month we buy much more from the rest of the world than they buy from us.
In March, the U.S. trade deficit widened to its highest level since December 2008.
Dozens of U.S. states are in such bad financial shape that they are getting ready for their biggest budget cuts in decades.
Arnold Schwarzenegger,  says that "terrible cuts" are urgently needed in order to avoid a complete financial disaster
With the U.S. Congress planning to quadruple oil taxes, what do you think that is going to do to the price of gasoline in the United States
In what universe is an economy with 39.68 million Americans on food stamps considered to be a healthy, recovering economy?
According to RealtyTrac, foreclosure filings were reported on 367,056 properties in the month of March.
The Mortgage Bankers Association announced  10 percent of U.S. homeowners with a mortgage missed  one payment in the January-March period.
banks own a greater share of residential housing net worth in the United States than all individual Americans put together?
866,000 foreclosures so far in 2010
1million 414 thousand bankruptcies so far in 2010.
Someone should attach a fan blade to this counter, all our energy problems would be solved. www.usdebtclock.org
The New financial regulations gave even more power to the Federal Reserve Bank.
@nowordsforme It's always about consolidation of power.
Look behind the curtain it's the Wizard of the Federal Reserve Bank revealed! http://www.save-a-patriot.org/files/view/whofed.html
Federal Reserve Bank, otherwise known as the Rothschild paper printing company.
Protest bankers and get military grade weapons used on civilians in the streets of the United States. http://bit.ly/NADiq
Federal Tax collected in the USA does not even cover the interest charged by the Federal Reserve Bank (family owned bank).
March on bankers get tear gassed http://bit.ly/11I2qh March on Government, and nothing.  http://bit.ly/2lQeZk who is really in control!
You cannot march on bankers! http://bit.ly/11I2qh  You can march on Government http://bit.ly/2lQeZk  who is really in control!
@chiefgee01 You can march on Uncle Sam http://bit.ly/2lQeZk You cannot march on bankers! http://bit.ly/11I2qh
Our Country was founded on a tax revolt, they were taxed at 1% of their yearly income! They were all libertarians!
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Global economic warfare is under way.  http://bit.ly/clCP4s
Food prices spiraling out of control due to inflation and shortages. http://bit.ly/8XBJSA
Commercial Real Estate collapsing across America. http://bit.ly/9Oug2u
Goldman Sachs admits that the commodities sold do not match the actual production and inventories (GOLD). Uh OH! http://bit.ly/dwwVDR
IMF is now refusing to sell gold! Gold moves up on news, and now everything comes unhinged. http://bit.ly/d1T8HL
Experts predicted Social Security would cost more than it was taking in by 2016 http://bit.ly/1LA2C , it happened 2010! http://bit.ly/aWVptj
Gold supplies exhausted in around 6 months. http://bit.ly/9lv80P
comex gold report. People taking ownership at an alarming rate! http://bit.ly/aVnwOJ
Silver market manipulated by the Federal Reserve Bank via JP Morgan Chase. http://bit.ly/aGg38q
CFTC hearing revealed that there is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold.
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP This is why Obama and liberals are attacking gold!
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu because bankers hadn't gotten ahold of us yet.
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
Kansas City  MO, closing half their schools! http://bit.ly/8XKsm6  Cut schools, definately not Government fat, or pensions!
The United States has beend taxing the world through the printing of money.  This cycle is coming to an end now. We are on our own.
California decides to withold 10% of citizens paychecks.  http://bit.ly/4Gwl21
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
Tax Refunds will not be going out in ID, KS, AL, NC, NY, HI. Those states are holding on to your money because of budget short falls.
7.4 million mortgages Nation Wide, are now delinquint in the United Sates of America. http://bit.ly/dqz0f9
40 million Americans on food stamps and the numbers are exploding. http://bit.ly/8ZdY1c
Wall street giving huge bonuses based on a phony derivitaves market.
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund.
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
Federal Reserve Bank makes record profits during the orchestrated collapse in 2009, while Rome Burns! http://bit.ly/6zMvA1
Banks launch financial terrorism. http://bit.ly/d7Y8ql
Morgan Stanley threatening the Eurozone with collapse. http://bit.ly/dr8dmV
Bankers being arrested in Iceland for banking terrorism. http://bit.ly/9k7UDn
Bank protests in Iceland the torches come out Come-Out-in-Iceland.aspx
Bank protests in Greece. http://bit.ly/a1sJQT
Bank protests in Romania http://bit.ly/9nWGjx
Bank protests in Ireland http://bit.ly/d666gt
JP Morgan (Federal Reserve Founding Bankers) corner and manipulate silver to protect the paper currency they print out of thin air.
Look here goes silver again, it is up as usual for this time of day only to be brought back down by night fall in USA www.silverprice.org
The Minerals Management Service generates $13 billion a year for the U.S. Treasury partnering with  BP Plc and Exxon Mobil Corp etc.
The U.S. agency overseeing offshore drilling safety is also the government's second-largest money maker after the IRS
Look China has learned how to print Treasury Bonds! Like Americans, Oh goody! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqR2Ik397P0
Greece is borrowing money with interest to pay off borrowed money they were already paying interest on. Using 1 credit card to pay another!
@glennbeck Liberals have just now figured out, silver & gold threaten their existence, and are now attacking gold & silver investment
Obama's economic team has discovered that Gold & Silver buying are about to reveal the Fed Ponzi Scheme, so they attack gold sellers.
The Federal Reserve only exists on the imaginary ignorance of those using their paper, agreeing to repay every debt they create.
Mary Fallin is also afraid to debate Brogdon, she thinks the Governors seat is hers to be given to her.
Mary Fallin has already had power, and did nothing with it.
I'm supporting Randy Brogdon for Oklahoma Governor.
Collapse is coming, Food riots, etc. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwlE_mZnnzI
In 1912 there was No federal Income Tax, No national debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank, now we are taxed debt slaves of the Fed.
The new banking regulations only gave more power to the Federal Reserve, who will never be audited.
I can't believe people around the world are enslaving themselves by moving into the Federal Reserve Debt note only to be taxed by inflation.
End the Fed, buy silver and gold.
Liberals have just now figured out silver and gold threaten their existance, and are now attacking gold and silver investment.
JP Morgan is naked shorting silver by selling people silver that doesn't physically exist.
Banks are now short 325,000,000 ounces of silver which they will soon have to cover.
Chinese telling their citizens to buy gold http://bit.ly/b2Qz3D our president tells us not to buy gold. http://bit.ly/cgMYyo
The Federal Reserve paper printing company explained. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNumEm2NzQA
The United States is the largest debtor nation in the history of the entire world.
Paper currencies have become as make believe as little red riding hood, only in this fable we are the ones eaten alive through inflation.
Obama using the General Electric(Cap & Trade) network to attack the purchase of physical gold by individuals. http://bit.ly/btxQrM
Obama now attacking companies that sell physical gold to private citizens. It destroys his plan for globalism! http://bit.ly/btxQrM
White House now attacks Gold investment in order to protect the dollar, they also forced Germany to bail out Greece to protect the dollar!
@glennbeck loses 50% of his listening audience, this is because no one wants to calm down, and fall back to sleep watching a chalk board!
Counterfeiting charges now being brought against bankers for selling comodities that do not exist http://bit.ly/c8xnxV
Capital punishment advised for bankers. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWHCMaPb-J8
Our currency should have federal reserve bankers instead of presidents, it would better explain our slavery to it.
This is a pretty good video if you haven't seen it yet. MELTUP. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eb1n1X0Oqdw
Irony is that Andrew Jackson fought the National Bankers, almost losing his life, only to have his image used on a Federal Debt Note $20
We given our future to the Rothschild paper printing company enforced by the Rothschild collection agency (Federal Reserve & IRS)
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Global economic warfare is under way.  http://bit.ly/clCP4s
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
Goldman Sachs counterfeiting, admits commodities sold do not match the actual production and inventories. Uh OH! http://bit.ly/dwwVDR
End the Federal Reserve Bank candidate wins CPAC vote! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bJALN7qEYU Rand Paul wins yesterday.
IMF is now refusing to sell gold! Gold moves up on news, and now everything comes unhinged. http://bit.ly/d1T8HL
Gold supplies exhausted in around 6 months. http://bit.ly/9lv80P
comex gold report. People taking ownership at an alarming rate! http://bit.ly/aVnwOJ
Silver market manipulated by the Federal Reserve Bank via JP Morgan Chase. http://bit.ly/aGg38q
CFTC hearing revealed that there is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold.
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
The Owner of the Federal Reserve JP Morgan applying for 1.4 billion tax refund. Paying no taxes for 2009 http://bit.ly/c9sOLB
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund.
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Federal Reserve Bank makes record profits during the orchestrated collapse in 2009, while Rome Burns! http://bit.ly/6zMvA1
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
Banks launch financial terrorism. http://bit.ly/d7Y8ql
Morgan Stanley threatening the Eurozone with collapse. http://bit.ly/dr8dmV
Bankers being arrested in Iceland for banking terrorism. http://bit.ly/9k7UDn Counterfeiting selling paper representing nothing.
Bank protests in Iceland the torches come out Come-Out-in-Iceland.aspx
Bank protests in Greece. http://bit.ly/a1sJQT one more country standing up to the IMF
Bank protests in Romania http://bit.ly/9nWGjx another message to the IMF
Bank protests in Ireland http://bit.ly/d666gt
Plans for economic slavery are imploding, they didn't count on the human spirit getting in the way, or free thinking.
Call To The People Of The World	To Support Iceland	 Against The Financial Blackmail Of The	British And Dutch Governments And The IMF
Not one election is gone Obama's way since he was elected, but they still pretend it's not his agenda that is at fault.
They had a gigantic military budget and were bogged down in a war in Afghanistan.
@QqQue_FdH_QueqQ  Fidiciary accounts payable failed today, do you have a link?
The dollar will lose at least 50% of it's value this year according to Gerald Celente.
We now live in a nation that produces nothing, and 72% of our GDP depends on shopping, once the banks collapse this will end.
Banks launch financial terrorism. http://bit.ly/d7Y8ql
Morgan Stanley threatening the Eurozone with collapse. http://bit.ly/dr8dmV
Bankers being arrested in Iceland for banking terrorism. http://bit.ly/9k7UDn
Bank protests in Iceland the torches come out Come-Out-in-Iceland.aspx
Bank protests in Greece. http://bit.ly/a1sJQT
Bank protests in Romania http://bit.ly/9nWGjx
Bank protests in Ireland http://bit.ly/d666gt
Bank protests soon coming to America!
Bank protests in Iceland the torches come out Come-Out-in-Iceland.aspx
Bank protests in Greece. http://bit.ly/a1sJQT
Bank protests in Romania http://bit.ly/9nWGjx
Bank protests in Ireland http://bit.ly/d666gt
The coming economic collapse explained in detail. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOjq1oww3FA
Putting Andrew Jacksons image on a federal Reserve debt note is like putting Dr. King's image on a dixie flag and flying it at a KKK rally.
tax revenues are collapsing. Maybe that's because people are losing everything! http://bit.ly/967nz7
Did you enjoy spending your days labor earning Federal Reserve Debt notes today, supporting the Federal Reserve families?
These should be the photographs on dollar bills -the Federal Reserve (family owned) debt notes, since it is their debt. http://bit.ly/bv5Zzt
What if instead of pictures of presidents the American dollars had pictures of the banking family who prints them out of thin air.
What if the Federal Reserve was called the Rothschild paper printing company, the IRS was labeled the Rothschild collection agency?
The family tree of the (family owned) federal reserve bank. http://bit.ly/J2mNW
@SamuelRyberg Maybe they found this http://bit.ly/J2mNW
@SamuelRyberg They must have watched this http://bit.ly/drkok4
Private Federal Reserve Banking Family cartel gangsters/mafia http://bit.ly/drkok4
@AddledObserver They must have watched this http://bit.ly/JXo7 or maybe this one http://bit.ly/nGAGn
Andrew jackson was against a (Federal Reserve Bank) Wouldn't he be proud that his face is on a Fed Debt Note! $20.00 http://bit.ly/cUQBdJ
Change the currency often so that no one thinks twice when you dump the dollar! http://bit.ly/97FRd6
The difference between black slaves and Americans today, is the black slaves were intelligent enough to know they were slaves.
@reimagin I wish there were no Republicans, Democrats, or media, I wish people could turn on the lights and see what they've become.
Our Grandfathers, and fathers fought and died on foreign shores against Fascism, yet we can't find the courage not to pay for it?
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Global economic warfare is under way.  http://bit.ly/clCP4s
Food prices spiraling out of control due to inflation and shortages. http://bit.ly/8XBJSA
Commercial Real Estate collapsing across America. http://bit.ly/9Oug2u
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
Goldman Sachs admits that the commodities sold do not match the actual production and inventories. Uh OH! http://bit.ly/dwwVDR
End the Federal Reserve Bank candidate wins CPAC vote! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bJALN7qEYU
IMF is now refusing to sell gold! Gold moves up on news, and now everything comes unhinged. http://bit.ly/d1T8HL
Experts predicted Social Security would cost more than it was taking in by 2016 http://bit.ly/1LA2C , it happened 2010! http://bit.ly/aWVptj
Gold supplies exhausted in around 6 months. http://bit.ly/9lv80P
comex gold report. People taking ownership at an alarming rate! http://bit.ly/aVnwOJ
Silver market manipulated by the Federal Reserve Bank via JP Morgan Chase. http://bit.ly/aGg38q
Gordon brown manipulated gold for the Federal Reserve Bank! http://bit.ly/b1dd0t
CFTC hearing revealed that there is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold.
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
Ohio man bulldozes $350,000 home to avoid foreclosure, and give the middle finger to the IRS. http://bit.ly/9huFyx
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Pensions are now not being paid. http://bit.ly/ddY50T
John F. Kennedy tried to restore the power of treasury back to congress, stripping the Federal Reserve Bank. http://bit.ly/d40aBU
Who really runs our Government? The Federal Reserve Bank, John F. Kennedy Told the truth. http://bit.ly/dDgXc and suddenly died.
I guess 276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb  Because they watched this http://bit.ly/JXo7
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
In 1912 There was No Federal Income Tax, why because there was no Federal Reserve Bank, and No National Debt, Now we are taxed slaves.
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
Kansas City  MO, closing half their schools! http://bit.ly/8XKsm6  Cut schools, definately not Government fat, or pensions!
The United States has beend taxing the world through the printing of money.  This cycle is coming to an end now. We are on our own.
California decides to withold 10% of citizens paychecks.  http://bit.ly/4Gwl21
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
States are refusing to give tax refunds, http://bit.ly/9GXYrz "Isn't this like smoking over an oil refinary with the Tea Party Movement?"
In January alone 346,000 borrowers fell behind on their mortgage payments for the first time
7.4 million mortgages Nation Wide, are now delinquint in the United Sates of America. http://bit.ly/dqz0f9
40 million Americans on food stamps and the numbers are exploding. http://bit.ly/bJPxCV
Our third world neighbor is now refusing U.S. dollars at their banks! HA http://bit.ly/ddWeAw
The Owner of the Federal Reserve JP Morgan applying for 1.4 billion tax refund. Paying no taxes for 2009 http://bit.ly/c9sOLB
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund.
Congress backs down on financial regulations after threatened with a 1,000 point drop on Thursday, and Greece gets US tax dollar bail out.
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
Federal Reserve Bank makes record profits during the orchestrated collapse in 2009, while Rome Burns! http://bit.ly/6zMvA1
Stock market collapse explained by the man who was on the inside of the creation of the devices being used. http://bit.ly/bhHIuA
The idea the United States is a capitalist Country is a lie! It is explained here, and playing out every day. http://bit.ly/bN6LEu
Banks threaten our congress, and senate with 1,000 point drop. Financial terrorism explained.  http://bit.ly/bN6LEu
Iceland and Greece are telling the banks to go screw themselves, refusing slavery! Burning Banks, etc.
@markross67 No telling. During the first collapse they all got rich and consolidated power by getting rid of the competition.
Dow will hit 2,800 to 3,200.
Dollar will lose it's value in 2010.
Max Keiser calls Goldman Sachs financial terrorists worse than al queda! Hold them responsible for Greek deaths. http://bit.ly/9b2wpY
What's happening in Greece is going to spread world wide. It is coming to the USA.
Goldman sachs are financial terrorists?  Someone speaks the truth about banksters! http://bit.ly/9b2wpY
Greek people have decided the same thing the Icelandic people did. They're not paying the world bank!  http://bit.ly/araQYj
Federal Reserve Bank makes record profits during the orchestrated collapse in 2009, while Rome Burns! http://bit.ly/6zMvA1
Kansas City  MO, closing half their schools! http://bit.ly/8XKsm6  Cut schools, definately not Government fat, or pensions
Hawaii says it will hold on to your tax refunds until August because of budget short falls. You can rob people as long as you have the law.
In January alone 346,000 borrowers fell behind on their mortgage payments for the first time.
7.4 million mortgages Nation Wide, are now delinquint in the United Sates of America. http://bit.ly/dqz0f9
40 million Americans on food stamps and the numbers are exploding. http://bit.ly/bJPxCV
Mexico, Our third world neighbor is now refusing U.S. dollars at their banks! HA http://bit.ly/ddWeAw
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Global economic banking warfare is under way.  http://bit.ly/clCP4s
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
Ohio man bulldozes $350,000 home to avoid foreclosure, and give the middle finger to the IRS. http://bit.ly/9huFyx
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Pensions are now not being paid. http://bit.ly/ddY50T
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
In 1912 There was No Federal Income Tax, why because there was no Federal Reserve Bank, and No National Debt, Now we are taxed slaves.
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
The United States has beend taxing the world through the printing of money.  This cycle is coming to an end now. We are on our own.
California decides to withold 10% of citizens paychecks.  http://bit.ly/4Gwl21
When the Federal bailed out Wall Street, it took private sector debt, and made it IRS enforced tax debt!
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
States are refusing to give tax refunds, http://bit.ly/9GXYrz "Isn't this like smoking over an oil refinary with the Tea Party Movement?"
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
The Owner of the Federal Reserve JP Morgan applying for 1.4 billion tax refund. Paying no taxes for 2009 http://bit.ly/c9sOLB
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund.
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
Federal Reserve Bank, Let my American People GO!
No enslaved people have ever in the history of mankind voted for their freedom. Yet Americans believe they will vote for freedom in 2010.
Billionaires increased their wealth 50% during the recession. Record breaking bonuses and profits! http://bit.ly/acWJ5V
bailed out Wall Street gets $33 billion in tax refunds http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXqHUquCz1M
@politicsofamy Bank of America paid no taxes! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXVU88jHREk
Greece has been sold into IMF (Global banking) Slavery.  Sorry Greeks.
RT @LandP1776  Please read our latest essay, "In teacher vs. plumber salary comparison, teacher comes out ahead" http://tinyurl.com/2e6evaj
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
States are refusing to give tax refunds, http://bit.ly/9GXYrz "Isn't this like smoking over an oil refinary with the Tea Party Movement?"
Our third world neighbor is now refusing U.S. dollars at their banks! HA http://bit.ly/ddWeAw
The Owner of the Federal Reserve JP Morgan applying for 1.4 billion tax refund. Paying no taxes for 2009 http://bit.ly/c9sOLB
JP Morgan made 12 billion dollars in profit based on tax payer bail out money at the same time got 1.4 billion tax refund.
While paying 0 in taxes Wells Fargo gave themselves 21 million tax dollars in bonuses for fleecing America
Bank of America paid zero zilch, notta nothing in Federal income taxes for 2009! Did you enjoy paying yours?
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
Silver market manipulated by the Federal Reserve Bank via JP Morgan Chase. http://bit.ly/aGg38q
comex gold report. People taking ownership at an alarming rate! http://bit.ly/aVnwOJ
Gold supplies exhausted in around 6 months. http://bit.ly/9lv80P
Experts predicted Social Security would cost more than it was taking in by 2016 http://bit.ly/1LA2C , it happened 2010! http://bit.ly/aWVptj
IMF is now refusing to sell gold! Gold moves up on news, and now everything comes unhinged. http://bit.ly/d1T8HL
End the Federal Reserve Bank candidate wins CPAC vote! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bJALN7qEYU
Goldman Sachs admits that the commodities sold do not match the actual production and inventories. Uh OH! http://bit.ly/dwwVDR
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
Commercial Real Estate collapsing across America. http://bit.ly/9Oug2u
Food prices spiraling out of control due to inflation and shortages. http://bit.ly/8XBJSA
Global economic warfare is under way.  http://bit.ly/clCP4s
RT @middlebud    @TeaPartyShirt If you like him there, try this one RT @ATLAHWorldwide: VIDEO: I Love The Constitution http://bit.ly/bsLQwn
@rightlyaligned sure
A black man telling it like it is! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCrjc09addw
It shouldn't be too hard to find the illegals in Arizona, they've all gathered in protest to throw things at cops.
@SilverJingles $ bills should have pictures of bankers not presidents. Andrew Jackson wouldn't want to be a federal reserve Debt Note.
@SilverJingles Once banks left the gold and silver standard their money became as imaginary as the debts they hold.
@SilverJingles The debt is as imaginary as the paper money with green ink used to create it after we left the gold and silver standard.
@SilverJingles Why should we work to pay back the Federal Reserve Bank (family owned), they hold most of the debt. Let them keep it.
@SilverJingles The massive taxes levied are because Government was allowed to borrow money from the Federal Reserve.
@SilverJingles You bravely fought against fascism & socialism during World War 2, yet we can't even find the courage not to pay for it here.
@SilverJingles Socialist Obama can redistribute his own wealth not mine. I'm awake and I want total freedom, not a little, I want it all!
@SilverJingles Henry Ford was right, people now understand banking, and there will soon be Revolution. http://bit.ly/ScKsn
@SilverJingles You can't even pretend that Banking today is free market.  It's illegal. They charge interest on money they don't have!
@SilverJingles The Federal Reserve Bank is now monitizing it's own debt. Buying American Treasuries with money printed out of thin air.
@SilverJingles I do not wish to wait years for an audit by the politicians that were placed in power by those with power.
@SilverJingles Here is an audit http://www.goldprice.org/ here is another audit: http://www.usdebtclock.org/ They failed their 1 purpose!
@SilverJingles It also gave JP Morgan Chase (Family that founded the Federal Reserve) controlling interest in the Silver market.
@SilverJingles This engineered collapse has done nothing except give the Federal Reserve Record Profits.
@SilverJingles What amazes me is people can be so stupid as to let one class print money that the other class has to trade their labor for.
@SilverJingles Ah yes the wonderful Federal Reserve Bank. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dmPchuXIXQ
@SilverJingles OK, the little local banks can stay. The Federal Reserve Bank, and any bank associated with it can go.
@TerriGreenUSA @rightlyaligned thank you for the #FF # FollowFriday @rightlyaligned @TJeffersonQuote @BrianReilly2010 @AUTiger97
@janicedwhs  @secularstupiddd @copadave @AndyWendt @American1st @carewolf10 @Bconsdr8 @Drudge_Report #followfriday
Thank you Patriots#FF @Paceset9999  @SnarkyBasterd @atlasshrugs @andilinks @Infidel007 @FoxieNews @2BlueStarMom @pepper_10 @Pudingtane
@MargieThiel #followfriday Patriots! @_SheGathersRain @TPO_Hisself  @MediaAmericaC2C @RightMeansRight @VRWCTexan @LPARA @STOPOBAMA2012
@gone_fishin @USpace123 @ScottGrovesNC @PaulineRevere @TeaTephi @the_912_project @Tiffany_Capri @SOBamalarky @PolarCoug #FF #bobsyouruncle
@secularstupiddd    @janicedwhs: @secularstupiddd @copadave @AndyWendt @American1st @carewolf10 @Bconsdr8 @Drudge_Report #followfriday
@WaylandSmalley    #OK #politics @GOPHalfBreed @JennSierra @kicksgirl72 @Knottienature @MaryRachBailey @nolies4me  #FollowFriday
@MaryRachBailey @WaylandSmalley: #OK #politics @GOPHalfBreed @JennSierra @kicksgirl72 @Knottienature @nolies4me #FollowFriday
Bankers should be ran out of countries across the world, their assets seized.  No debt everyone keeps what they have and start over.
Silly rabbits politicians don't control the world bankers do! That is real enlightenment!
Iceland tells the world banks to go screw themselves, and the bank owned media won't say a word. Wouldn't want that catching on!
The real Wizard behind everything is the Federal Reserve Bankers, the IMF, and the world banking cartel. Iceland told them all to F##!# off!
40 million Americans on food stamps and the numbers are exploding. http://bit.ly/bJPxCV
Mexican banks now refusing U.S. Dollars!  Our third world neighbor is now refusing U.S. dollars at their banks! HA http://bit.ly/ddWeAw
Not one of these taxes existed 100 years ago and our nation was the most prosperous in the world, had absolutely no national debt.
Outrageous Cigerette Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Workers Compensation Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Cap & Trade Carbon Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Health Care Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Well Permit Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Watercraft Registration Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Vehicle Sales Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Vehicle License Registration Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Utility Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Trailer Registration Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Traffic Fines (indirect taxation) didn't exist in 1912!
Toll Tunnel Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Toll Bridge Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone usage charge tax didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone state and local tax didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone recurring and non-recurring charges tax didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone minimum usage surcharge tax didn't exist in 1912!
local surcharge taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone federal, state and didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone federal universal service fee tax didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone federal excise tax didn't exist in 1912!
State Unemployment Tax (SUTA) didn't exist in 1912!  This is all used up already!
State Income Tax didn't exist in 1912!  For the failing state economies who over spent.
School Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Road Toll Booth Taxes didn't exist in 1912! So we can pay endlessly for the same road over and over again.
Recreational Vehicle Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Sales Taxes didn't exist in 1912!  This doesn't include the new VAT tax.
Road Usage Taxes (Truckers) didn't exist in 1912! for our wonderful infrastructure that is falling apart.
Social Security Tax didn't exist in 1912! Bankrupt, and I'll never recieve it.
Service Charge Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Septic Permit Tax didn't exist in 1912! For our failing city municipalities
Real Estate Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Property Tax didn't exist in 1912! For all the schools that are closing.
Medicare Tax didn't exist in 1912! Bankrupt by the way.
Marriage License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Luxury Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Local Income Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Liquor Tax didn't exist in 1912!
IRS Penalties (tax on top of tax) didn't exist in 1912!
Inventory tax IRS Interest Charges (tax on top of tax) didn't exist in 1912!
Hunting License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Gasoline Tax (42 cents per gallon) didn't exist in 1912!
Fuel permit tax didn't exist in 1912!
Food License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Fishing License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Federal Unemployment Tax (FUTA) didn't exist in 1912!
Federal Income Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Dog License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Court Fines (indirect taxes) didn't exist in 1912!
Corporate Income Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Cigarette Tax didn't exist in 1912!
CDL license Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Capital Gains Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Building Permit Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Accounts Receivable Tax, didn't exist in 1912!
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Global economic warfare is under way.  http://bit.ly/clCP4s
Food prices spiraling out of control due to inflation and shortages. http://bit.ly/8XBJSA
Commercial Real Estate collapsing across America. http://bit.ly/9Oug2u
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
Goldman Sachs admits that the commodities sold do not match the actual production and inventories. Uh OH! http://bit.ly/dwwVDR
End the Federal Reserve Bank candidate wins CPAC vote! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bJALN7qEYU
Silver just passed $18 an ounce. Goodbye paper fiat currency!
IMF is now refusing to sell gold! Gold moves up on news, and now everything comes unhinged. http://bit.ly/d1T8HL
Experts predicted Social Security would cost more than it was taking in by 2016 http://bit.ly/1LA2C , it happened 2010! http://bit.ly/aWVptj
Gold supplies exhausted in around 6 months. http://bit.ly/9lv80P
comex gold report. People taking ownership at an alarming rate! http://bit.ly/aVnwOJ
Silver market manipulated by the Federal Reserve Bank via JP Morgan Chase. http://bit.ly/aGg38q
Gordon brown manipulated gold for the Federal Reserve Bank! http://bit.ly/b1dd0t
CFTC hearing revealed that there is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold.
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
Ohio man bulldozes $350,000 home to avoid foreclosure, and give the middle finger to the IRS. http://bit.ly/9huFyx
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Pensions are now not being paid. http://bit.ly/ddY50T
Who really runs our Government? The Federal Reserve Bank, John F. Kennedy Told the truth. http://bit.ly/dDgXc and suddenly died.
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
In 1912 There was No Federal Income Tax, why because there was no Federal Reserve Bank, and No National Debt, Now we are taxed slaves.
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
Kansas City  MO, closing half their schools! http://bit.ly/8XKsm6  Cut schools, definately not Government fat, or pensions!
The United States has beend taxing the world through the printing of money.  This cycle is coming to an end now. We are on our own.
California decides to withold 10% of citizens paychecks.  http://bit.ly/4Gwl21
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
Hawaii says it will hold on to your tax refunds until August because of budget short falls. You can rob people as long as you have the law.
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
States are refusing to give tax refunds, http://bit.ly/9GXYrz "Isn't this like smoking over an oil refinary with the Tea Party Movement?"
In January alone 346,000 borrowers fell behind on their mortgage payments for the first time.
7.4 million mortgages Nation Wide, are now delinquint in the United Sates of America. http://bit.ly/dqz0f9
40 million Americans on food stamps and the numbers are exploding. http://bit.ly/bJPxCV
Our third world neighbor is now refusing U.S. dollars at their banks! HA http://bit.ly/ddWeAw
@mm_305 Food inflation spiraling out of control. Inflation being a tax on everyone. http://bit.ly/8XBJSA
I told you waiting until November elections was pointless, and now here is why. Peurto RIco, Illigals, & Felons all voting for Socialism!
20 million new Democratic voters, illigal Mexicans, Peurto Rican State hood, & giving felons the right to vote.Your vote won't count in Nov.
Democrats want 12 million Mexican illigal voters, DC house members, 4 million convicted felons, & 4 million peurto ricans to hijack our USA.
They can control your body, lie, cheat, not pay their taxes, expect you to pay higher taxes, even tax the air you breathe. Yet we do nothing
There are now 39.4 million Americans on food stamps, up 22.4% from one year ago. The U.S. is now paying out more than it collects in taxes.
RT @markross67  The President, incessantly dividing us citizens by race, gender and color, is potentially very dangerous to ALL citizens!
What was the fate of the signers of the decleration of independence?  http://bit.ly/bolL0w
The Federal Reserve Bank (Rothschilds paper printing company) & the IRS (Rothchild collection agency) are unelected and run the USA.
Someone please explain to me where banks get their money?  What they produce? What benefits they have to society, besides enslavement.
There is a coming revolution for freedom against all banksters around the entire world.  The many will rid themselves of the few.
We should never attack Iran. http://bit.ly/aGJIX1
Politics are a side show created for our entertainment, it is not representation because The Federal Reserve runs the country.
Immigration reform is a socialist Democratic party dream of diluting the base of people who believe in the constitution and law.
Iran to trade oil in dollars! Better hurry up and get in there and invade, like we did in Iraq! http://www.energybulletin.net/node/12463
Gas is a form of taxation and control http://bit.ly/cogKJB
Tired of lies told to you by Government? add to that the peak oil lie. There are no oil shortages.  http://bit.ly/aUWgJI
Released to Near Silence, the U.S. Treasury 2009 Financial Report Shows Dire Course
Climate gate was a lie for control, now they are falling back on peak oil the backup lie! http://bit.ly/aUWgJI
Gas is going up because of control, not shortages or demand. http://bit.ly/aUWgJI
Peak oil is a lie just like climate gate. There is enough oil for the next 200 years! http://bit.ly/aUWgJI
Support Iclandic people against global banking, Screw Goldman Sachs and the banksters! http://bit.ly/8kGGbo
Iceland is a country taking a stand against global banking. We should all now stand with Iceland!  http://bit.ly/8kGGbo
@Mguidr1 In fact there is only one exit for the American People. The Icelandic version of we're not paying back the debts you created.
@Mguidr1 They can create whatever they want, when the music stops their paper will be worthless.
That's just the economic bombs that are set to go off, and include none of the social issues going on, or total distrust of the government.
The United States now buying it's own treasuries, Social Security now in the red, Medicare in the red, tax revenues collapsing,
treasuries being dumpted by foreign countries, schools closing, municipal bonds being dumped, stores and retail closings
Bank closings, FDIC bankrupt, 100 year Federal Reserve Ponzi scheme ending, hyperinflation,  unemployment blowing up crime skyrocketing
Commercial Real-estate, the second housing bubble, derivitaves, the biggest short call in the metals market in history, state bankruptcies
We are in the financial eye of the hurricane.
In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank, that was freedom, now we are taxed slaves!
The Federal Income tax was unconstitutional, that's why they had to ammend (hijack) the constitution in order have a federal banksters tax.
Even @glennbeck has replaced his war room setting with everyone please calm down movement.   Talk about a 180.
Fox News is trying it's best to hijack a real populist movement, even attacking oath keepers (officials swearing to uphold the constitution)
Last year fox news tried to hijack and steer the Ron Paul Tea Party movement showing wall to wall coverage. To calm a populist movement.
Oath Keepers would have prevented these constitutional violations that have already taken place.  http://bit.ly/7BF2ts
Thermal Nuclear version of Economic Warfare taking place right now.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5gu1h3NXJw
More important that guns, bullets, food, water, seeds, or even patriotism and freedom. FAITH.
Economic warfare with Russia and China has erupted, we're in the dark. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5gu1h3NXJw
10,000 people a day joining obamacare lawsuit http://obamacareclassaction.com/join.php
10,000 people a day joining obamacare lawsuit
Federal Income Tax was unconstitutional, That's why they had to ammend (hijack) the constitution in order to have one!
The commerce claus destroyed the purpose of the constitution. LIMITED GOVERNMENT!
The National Debt is a fictional story that bankers have created for the enslavement of the American People.
The Tea Party movement is now unstopable. The great awakening has taken place.
A Roman / Soviet Union style collapse is heading for America.  It's already under way with the financial wars of China/Russia/Europe.
When you purchase a Federal Reserve note with your labor, you are in fact taking ownership of nothing but debt!
We should replace pictures of our presidents on our money with pictures of the private bankers who print it! Andrew Jackson is rolling over.
Unemployment in California Reaches 24% highest in the country. http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=va&aid=18731
Federal Reserve Bank, Let my people go!!
@glennbeck if the slaves had been armed there wouldn't have been any need for Dr. King, Slavery wouldn't have existed!
@glennbeck Here's some non violent history for you.  If the Blacks had been armed, slavery wouldn't have existed in the first place!
Propaganda is putting photographs of Presidents of the United States on Federal Reserve Debt Notes, instead of pictures of banksters.
Federal Reserve (Rothschild paper printing company) IRS (Rothschild collection agency) Dollar Bill (Federal Reserve Tax Payer Debt Note).
I think instead of The Federal Reserve they should call it the Rothschild paper printing company. pictures of bankers instead of presidents.
What is the difference between the Rotschild's printing money, and someone printing money in their garage? Nothing.
@rukiddingme66 I even hope and prey that he is right, and I am completely wrong about a peaceful solution working out.
@rukiddingme66 Glenn Beck is great, I think I came across wrong.  He is better than all the others in the media.  That's not saying much.
@glennbeck something really big is fixing to happen. Glenn Beck is preparing us all to be submissive when it happens, and pay back our debt.
@glennbeck 's forget the 2nd ammendment movement.  Fear us becomes fear us not.
I guess once @glennbeck has us sign our non violence agreements, we can turn in our guns because we won't need the 2nd Ammendment anymore.
@glennbeck is working to take the Government fearing the people out of the United States. I guess we don't need the 2nd Ammendment either.
@glennbeck is leading people to submission, It reminds me of the Obama Nuclear policty. Here is what we won't due, no matter what. Fear us?
@glennbeck is leading people to submission, It reminds me of the Obama Nuclear policty. Here is what we won't due, no matter what. Fear us!
@glennbeck keeps harping on the idea that we all need to financially suffer in order to pay back the debt we didn't create.
Good thing @glennbeck wasn't around during the founding of our country to make all our founding fathers sign a non violence agreement!
@rukiddingme66 Maybe this will help. Some of your fellow officers. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FmgA-g3R3k
@rukiddingme66 Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
@rukiddingme66 Silver market manipulated by the Federal Reserve Bank via JP Morgan Chase. http://bit.ly/aGg38q
@rukiddingme66 Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
@rukiddingme66 House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
@rukiddingme66 In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
@rukiddingme66 history Pensions are now not being paid. http://bit.ly/ddY50T
@rukiddingme66 Who really runs our Government? Federal Reserve Bank, John F. Kennedy Told the truth. http://bit.ly/dDgXc and suddenly died.
@rukiddingme66 history Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
@rukiddingme66 history Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
@rukiddingme66 Kansas City  MO, closing half their schools! http://bit.ly/8XKsm6  Cut schools, definately not Government fat, or pensions!
@rukiddingme66 history Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
@rukiddingme66 history 276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
@rukiddingme66 States are refusing to give tax refunds, http://bit.ly/9GXYrz
@rukiddingme66 history 7.4 million mortgages Nation Wide, are now delinquint in the United Sates of America. http://bit.ly/dqz0f9
@rukiddingme66 Here is the history of banking http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHiuaGJ46zo
@rukiddingme66 Here is a bit of history even Glenn Beck has touched on. http://www.save-a-patriot.org/files/view/whofed.html
@rukiddingme66 Some history for you sir. http://libertyonline.hypermall.com/henry-liberty.html
@rukiddingme66 History: Our founding fathers started a tax revolt over 2% of their yearly income?
@rukiddingme66 What selective history would you have me read sir?
@rukiddingme66 The history where thousands picked up arms and shed blood in battle fields so that we could be free from Tyranny?
@rukiddingme66 The history where we were once willing to die to defeat fascism?
@rukiddingme66 The history where our country was founded on a tax revolt?
@rukiddingme66 In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank? Freedom! now we are taxed slaves.
@rukiddingme66 Learn about the Federal Reserve Bank (family owned) unelected the most powerful wing of Government recieving our taxes?
@rukiddingme66 Not in America sir, never, I will never shut up, I will not go back to sleep, and I will not bow down to you or any other.
@glennbeck hasn't exposed the silver manipulation, he hasn't exposed the fact that JP Morgan is the Fed Reserve.
@glennbeck is doing nothing to expose the unelected Federal Reserve Bank which is family owned.
@glennbeck Message to the American People, you are too stupid to have an 2 American Revolution. It will turn out like the French Revolution!
@glennbeck if every single founding father existed today, Glenn Beck would still not follow them into an American rebirth Revolution!
@New_federalists How many people have the ability to filter out the amazing amounts of propaganda though?  I'm open minded it's taken me yrs
@New_federalists @glennbeck also says question with boldness unless he has made up his mind for you, then do not question at all. 9-11 etc.
@glennbeck says that we are so stupid that if we have a Second American Revolution it will look exactly like the French Revolution!
@rukiddingme66 Shut the hell up! you sound like a Democrat, no other way to respond other than obscenities. Brilliant.
"pay caeser his dues" should have explained that one to the German Jews being gassed by Hitler. Make sure their taxes were paid.
"pay caesar his dues" I hope the Christians being crucified and fed to the lions died knowing they were paid up on their taxes!!!
@glennbeck "pay ceaser his dues" ok for our soldiers to die during world war 2 to fight fascism,but were not brave enough to not pay for it!
@glennbeck, do you really think you will vote your freedoms back? do you think we'll even make it to November? Republicans will save you?
@glennbeck tell me Mr. Beck, when is your give me liberty or give me death moment.  How far is too far? HC (your body)? Your kids?
@glennbeck says we are a nation of laws. I guess there is no law this country could not pass that he would not follow. No line to far.
@glennbeck says we are a nation of laws, as if no laws should be disobeyed. Slavery and prohibition were also laws of the USA.
@glennbeck "pay ceaser his dues" why is that brilliant?  why isn't "let my people go" brilliant?  Slavery is brilliant?
@glennbeck show "pay ceaser his dues", calling it brilliant. Hitler, Mussolini, Rameses were all "ceasers" paying them was brilliant?
@glennbeck Is telling people to reamin calm while he gets rich off of his tv show and the peasants lose everything including their freedom.
If @glennbeck was in charge during the American Revolution it would have never taken place.He would have tried working within English laws.
@glennbeck says his hero was Washington, but Washington was a warrior willing to fight and die to take freedom.
@glennbeck believes in the tooth fairy, santa claus, and the Easter bunny, he also believes we will vote and protest our freedoms back.
RT @markross67    With a federal government that can create infinite laws, the laws of unintended consequences are infinite as well.
CNN destroys themselves by slamming the Tea Party. Cartoon network beats CNN! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsNRJZiftD8
Wall Street is a side show for idiots. The only real wealth will be what you have in your hand, and nothing else by 2011.
Democrats are now running in fear!!! Can't figure out how to destroy the tea party. http://bit.ly/dpqRnZ
The 600 trillion dollar bubble set to burst. http://tinyurl.com/y3dyujs  World GDP is only 60 trillion!!!
This is why we need oathkeeper's http://bit.ly/3lfKX5
This is why we need oathkeeper's this is unconstitutional! http://bit.ly/6RO4X7
Too bad these officers were not oathkeeper's http://bit.ly/ADnOW  It's getting harder to hide the truth.
CNN's version of the oathkeeper's http://bit.ly/blFIr0 The real reason for oathkeeper's http://bit.ly/ADnOW
Government controls 51% of the economy.  Good thing we fought world war 2 against fascism, and national socialism!
20% real unemployment means 10 of the 50 states are unemployed, another 4 states are worse, they're all Government workers!
The U.S. Government is creating more money than is paid in through the tax system. So why do they need us at all?
Government doesn't need money, or tax paying citizens,  they manufacture their own money magically out of thin air.
Oklahoma building it's own army through state legislation to protect itself from the Federal Government. http://bit.ly/9ivjxZ
Oklahoma Tea Party is building a state sanctioned militia. http://bit.ly/9ivjxZ
The Federal Reserve, Rothschilds, JP Morgan Chase, Goldman Sachs should all be shut down, and exiled from the USA.
@ColWhitecakes Sure, I'm always looking for information, although I don't wish to play a game they created when they're changing the rules.
I predict World War 3 will take place between banks and citizens, and there are more citizens then bankers.
This collapse is the fault of banking period. All banks should be put out of business their wealth taken, and shut down.
This collapse is evil, it is designed to take years, leave those in power with the power, and destroy the middle class.
$4.00 A Gallon Gasoline By The End Of 2010?  http://bit.ly/dcKlet
"We're right now on pace to see more than 1 million bank repossessions this year," said Rick Sharga, a RealtyTrac senior vice president.
Peter Schiff at Tea Party Rally. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fygZrEYorgs
The Income Tax is unconstitutional, that's why they had to ammend (hijack and warp) the constitution to pass it.
I haven't been much of a birther, but they are spending vast amounts of money and time to suppress something they call a non issue.
Officer refused deployment from an illegitimate President. Military agreed there was no Birth Certificate &backed down. http://bit.ly/bu9zYu
@momus1978 I agree that HC was revenue for the Federal Reserve Bank, both in the lending and penalties they will directly recieve.
New Rasmussen Poll shows Ron Paul is able to beat Obama! http://bit.ly/b6FIoW
RT @GoldSilverBull  SILVER PRICE EXPLOSION before 2012 ! http://nxy.in/w32ge Silver more rare than gold.
In Federal Government we should have one party, the Constitutionalists party. Limited chained and bound by the constitution.
If Democrats are anti-constitution, anti personal responsibility, and pro big government, how can they be Pro American?
Liberals move to infiltrate and slander the Tea Party. http://bit.ly/91Flph
Liberals tried ignoring, creating the coffee party, and name calling, now they want to infiltrate and slander the Tea http://bit.ly/91Flph
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
Silver just passed $18.20 an ounce. Goodbye dollar!
IMF is now refusing to sell gold! Gold moves up on news, and now everything comes unhinged. http://bit.ly/d1T8HL
Experts predicted Social Security would cost more than it was taking in by 2016 http://bit.ly/1LA2C , it happened 2010! http://bit.ly/aWVptj
Gold supplies exhausted in around 6 months. http://bit.ly/9lv80P
comex gold report. People taking ownership at an alarming rate! http://bit.ly/aVnwOJ
Silver market manipulated by the Federal Reserve Bank via JP Morgan Chase. http://bit.ly/aGg38q
Gordon brown manipulated gold for the Federal Reserve Bank! http://bit.ly/b1dd0t
CFTC hearing revealed that there is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
Ohio man bulldozes $350,000 home to avoid foreclosure, and give the middle finger to the IRS. http://bit.ly/9huFyx
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
States are refusing to give tax refunds, http://bit.ly/9GXYrz "Isn't this like smoking over an oil refinary with the Tea Party Movement?"
In January alone 346,000 borrowers fell behind on their mortgage payments for the first time.
7.4 million mortgages Nation Wide, are now delinquint in the United Sates of America. http://bit.ly/dqz0f9
Dear Nancy Pelosi, you spend more money flying your jumbo jet across the country then what I pay in a lifetime of tax enslavement.
Dear Uncle Sam, you print more money out of thin air in 1 minute than what I can pay you in a lifetime. Why not just print more for me too.
You own insurance companies, banks, auto makers, in short 51% of the econmy, and can print money out of thin air, so why do you need my $ ?
In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve. 1912 in 2010, end the bankster slavery.
One of the greatest speeches of all Time. http://bit.ly/QwYZl Is it time yet?
The Repubacrats and the Democans have been playing for the same team of all powerful Federal Government.
Asking politicians to shrink Government, is like asking the kkk to end slavery!
Waiting for the November elections to save our country is like waiting for a fire truck to show up with 1 pail of water.
What happens in 2011 whenever 100's of Scott Brown Republicans want to improve on Health Care, and do nothing to shrink Gov?
And what happens after 2011 when all those Republicans take office, and you end up with a hundred Scott Brown's keeping things the same?
The Republicans I've seen running for office will not be the saviors of our country.  There are only a very few patriots out of all of them.
After the very real Tax Revolt Boston Tea Party, this speach followed shortly after. http://bit.ly/QwYZl
@momus1978 Would you at anytime have supported this statement? Do you now? http://libertyonline.hypermall.com/henry-liberty.html
Free men own land, & do not spend their lives working in servitude to pay rent 4the privledge of keeping it, only to have it stolen in death
Free men do not wear such heavy chains of taxation, make such sacrafices while those serving live in excess. No we are not free but slaves
We sit as cowards trembling in fear of what we might lose, not realizing what we as a Nation and as men have already lost.
Patrick Henry, March 23, 1775.
I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death!
? Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God!
Our brethren are already in the field! Why stand we here idle? What is it that gentlemen wish? What would they have?
The war is actually begun! The next gale that sweeps from the north will bring to our ears the clash of resounding arms!
It is in vain, sir, to extenuate the matter. Gentlemen may cry, Peace, Peace-- but there is no peace.
Their clanking may be heard on the plains of Boston! The war is inevitable--and let it come! I repeat it, sir, let it come.
Our chains are forged!
There is no retreat but in submission and slavery!
The battle, sir, is not to the strong alone; it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave.
we shall not fight our battles alone. There is a just God who presides over the destinies of nations
millions of people, armed in the holy cause of liberty, & in such a country,are invincible by any force which our enemy can send against us.
Sir, we are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of nature hath placed in our power.
until our enemies shall have bound us hand and foot?
Shall we acquire the means of effectual resistance by lying supinely on our backs and hugging the delusive phantom of hope,
Shall we gather strength by irresolution and inaction?
Will it be when we are totally disarmed, and when a British guard shall be stationed in every house?
They tell us, sir, that we are weak;unable to cope with such an adversary. But when shall we be stronger? Will it be the next week, or year?
1775 "Give me liberty or give me death."  2010 "Give me liberty, or I'll march with a sign then go home and sit on my coach."
Obama told America, that he and Government have control over our bodies, I haven't heard anyone say no way in hell.
I find myself wondering if people don't draw the line at their own bodies, then I don't think there is anything Government cannot do.
The Modern day Tea Party is an embarrassment to the real Tea Party (tax revolt) our country was founded on.
I was fooled into believing that Americans were actually taking a stand last year during the first tea parties.
Tea Party marches are losing their impact because they aren't backed by any real actions.  Marching in circles with signs.
@icpchad "The more simple the more pure." #sixwords  "To much complexity pollutes the soul." #sixmorewords.
People would have stood up already, but they were given the false hope of elections in 2010, I hope their right.
I would join a real tax revolt, but the tea parties are becoming silly. Wake me up whenever people get serious.
@ColWhitecakes You sound like you have knowledge on legal issues, any websites, or things I should educate myself with?
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Goldman Sachs admits that the commodities sold do not match the actual production and inventories. Uh OH! http://bit.ly/dwwVDR
Silver just passed $18 an ounce. Goodbye dollar!
IMF is now refusing to sell gold! Gold moves up on news, and now everything comes unhinged. http://bit.ly/d1T8HL
Experts predicted Social Security would cost more than it was taking in by 2016 http://bit.ly/1LA2C , it happened 2010! http://bit.ly/aWVptj
Gold supplies exhausted in around 6 months. http://bit.ly/9lv80P
comex gold report. People taking ownership at an alarming rate! http://bit.ly/aVnwOJ
Silver market manipulated by the Federal Reserve Bank via JP Morgan Chase. http://bit.ly/aGg38q
CFTC hearing revealed that there is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
Ohio man bulldozes $350,000 home to avoid foreclosure, and give the middle finger to the IRS. http://bit.ly/9huFyx
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
John F. Kennedy tried to restore the power of treasury back to congress, stripping the Federal Reserve Bank. http://bit.ly/d40aBU
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
Kansas City  MO, closing half their schools! http://bit.ly/8XKsm6  Cut schools, definately not Government fat, or pensions!
California decides to withold 10% of citizens paychecks.  http://bit.ly/4Gwl21
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb
States are refusing to give tax refunds, http://bit.ly/9GXYrz "Isn't this like smoking over an oil refinary with the Tea Party Movement?"
In January alone 346,000 borrowers fell behind on their mortgage payments for the first time.
7.4 million mortgages Nation Wide, are now delinquint in the United Sates of America. http://bit.ly/dqz0f9
@ColWhitecakes Andrew Jackson kicked butt.
In 1912 there was No Federal Income tax, No National Debt, and No Federal Reserve Bank, that was freedom, now we are taxed slaves.
Economic collapse will bring our military to it's knees, they will be forced into retreat around the world, as planned.
I also hope you are right about a bloodless rebirth of our country.
@momus1978 Thanks for sharing your article, you are a wizard with words. Really well written I understand your view, and you make it well.
@momus1978 I believe once the financial system comes unhinged the Empire will collapse completely.
@momus1978 I hope you're right about the elections. I stock no faith in them myself.  I will pray that your right though.
My friend and fellow patriot @momus1978  wrote this, he is more passive than I am.  "Legal Framework 4 Martial Law http://post.ly/ZtQG "
@momus1978 You are right, This all seems very planned out.
@momus1978 I'm curious besides your health, chipping, forced to purchase INS, taxed for corporations etc. what will you not stand and take?
@momus1978 This is a well written, and well thought out piece. I agree with everything except it draws no lines which cannot be crossed.
Don't fight the new world order? What a load of #@@#!, http://bit.ly/aRvKpG if our founding fathers believed this crapt we wouldn't exist!
"Don't fight the new world order?"  What a load of #@@#!, this is propaganda, if our founding fathers believed this crapt we wouldn't exist!
The add campaign begins to microchip us all. This is Orwellian http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scHD4-4KjC8
Microchipping To Begin In 36 Months Under New Health Bill http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URTV128IeD8
This is wonderful, I can't wait for the coming utopia. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyAVm5G1Cso
American military practicing for civil unrest http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpEXtlifqys
Mention the constitution, and you might need to be medicated under obamacare. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgX433M-Hwk
Things are getting serious now. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1F8tAHPDOrQ
What you will see with Health Care is a break up of the United States. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sOP-4YeQVo
Look what stocks went up after Health Care was passed. Insurance companies and pharmaceuticals!
The Federal Reserve is a con game. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0ANKbHlv-Q
Simple defeat of health care is for those who are to fund it simply decide not to. Forget law suits, repeals, and elections.
The Federal Reserve Bank has full ownership of the National Debt. They created it because they were unbound from silver and gold.
America is rich in resources, land talent, and labor, it is the banksters ponzi scheme that is broke not us, we feed them and pay them.
It isn't the U.S. Population or the United States that is broke, it's the ponzi scheme of the bankers that is coming to an end.
www.usdebtclock.org. These numbers are as imaginary as the fiat currency printed out of thin air that was used to create them.
Icelanders are refusing to pay their National Debt, they have broken the chains of the banksters that have enslaved them. Enlightenment!
National debt is a contract of enslavement, in essence purchasing the freedoms of Americans who believe and agree to pay it.
National Debt is as imaginary as the currency backed by nothing printed out of thin air that created it!  There is no debt, just enslavement
Health Care goes down as the first law passed by congress that the population refused in mass to obey!
If I were an illegal alien, I definately wouldn't want to become a citizen, they would lose their freedoms in America like we have!
Flush all judges, politicians, political parties, the Federal Reserve, banksters, wall stock market, and do a constitutional reset!
@jayloe38 We need a constitutional reset button around here.
@jayloe38 They even gave us the Decleration which says clearly it is our duty to abolish a government which threatens our liberties.
@jayloe38 How many of the things you have problems with, do you openly pay for with your wallet while your mouth says no.
@jayloe38 the other thing they gave us was examples of what to do against Tyranny, and the first thing they did was to stop paying for it.
@jayloe38 Number 1 was you can speak freely, then 2 was here is a gun to protect yourself and your freedoms from those in power.
@jayloe38 2nd Ammendment wasn't put in their as an after thought, it was number 2.
@jayloe38 Political Parties are as dead to me. Government didn't get to the size it is now without the Republicans going along for the ride.
I predict Obama Care will be the first major law in the United States that is ignored by everyone that was supposed to pay for it.
Obama is campaigning for Health Care even after he passed it out of fear that no one will obey it!
@jayloe38 Yes, why even bother with morality or trying to get to heaven whenever Obama is going to build it for us here on earth!
The third world war will be citizens against banks all over the world, a financial war over what is real, and what is not.
National Debt is a Fraud created off of a fiat currency that doesn't really exist and has no value.  It is enslavement. Pure simple.
Iceland has figured it out, National Debt is about bankster enslavement, and they're refusing to pay!
@jayloe38 nuh uh! we're all going to live in obamatopia: free health care, free money, etc. It's going to be so goodily oodily umptious!
National Debt can only exist if we believe it is National and our responsiblity, otherwise it is the Federal Reserves (Rothschild's) Debt.
@jayloe38 Yes, and Dr. Offices all across the country are over run with call of people wanting free health care.
Let the money (National Debt) created out of thin air evaporate back from where it came from Thin Air! Slavery is in our minds!
Imagine someone can print money out of thin air telling you to work for the money they just created. That is National Debt!
If money can be created out of thin air, so can the imaginary debt the Federal Reserve is using to enslave us and our minds!
Yes, work paying the Federal Reserve (family owned) Banks paying a national debt that was created out of thin air like their currency!
American citizens owe no national debt, it is a hoax of biblical proportions designed for enslavement, work for a debt not repayable!
Iceland is refusing their National Debt, after the banks of England took it over!
Time for banks to fall and collapse in America, It is time for the American people to stand up and refuse the biggest lie, National Debt!
JP Morgan (aka Federal Reserve founding banksters) are buying up mass amounts of GOLD & Silver http://bit.ly/dmLymi
roughly 40% of all silver is used for industrial applications, 30% for jewelry, 20% for photography, and only 5% or so for coins and medals.
we just reached the point where virtually all U.S.  silver production is going toward the manufacturing of Silver Eagles.
A total of 9,023,500 American Silver Eagles were purchased in Q110, the highest amount since the coin debuted in 1986.
@American1st Government that was freedom of religion has become hostile towards religion, especially christianity.
Black Slaves had more dignity than we do, for at least they realized they were slaves, they had masters and that they were not free.
@American1st They've tried to shame people who have religion, and morals. If you can take away our moral compass you can control us.
Government is alot like Satan, every person that touches Government ends up corrupted, twisted, and compromising principles and beliefs.
Giving more power to Government is like giving more power to Satan. Both will enslave you, neither will give you your freedom.
Government by it's very nature is a structure of control. Control is the opposite of Freedom!
Thinking Big Government will get you freedom, is like thinking that Giving power to Satan will get you into heaven!
Freedom can not be paid for by selling yourself and your wife into taxation slavery! You work 70% of your life to be free?
RT @markross67 “Money has no motherland; financiers are without patriotism and w/o decency; their sole object is gain.” - Napoleon Bonaparte
Henry Ford said that if people understood banking their would be riots in the streets the very next day. There starting to understand!
If the Federal Reserve were called the Rothschild Paper Printing Company, and the IRS the Rothschild Collection the game would end!
The Patriotic Rothschild Paper Printing Company, Printing fiat currency out of thin air. Then convincing you to work to pay it back (taxes).
What is even more patriotic is taking tax dollars and paying them directly to a private individual, aka Federal Reserve (Rothschild) Bank.
In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax!  So how does that compute with todays mentality of Patriotism = Taxes and slave labor?
Of coarse taxes will be passed off as civic duty, or patriotic, how can that be when the servants get paid more than the masters?
Taxed Enough Already is like saying screwed sideways up the a$$ Enough Already! As if either are enjoyable.
Republicans came up with the term Taxed Enough Already, while the rest of us were thinking taxed to death already!
There should be only one party in America, the constitutionalists party.
What If the Federal Reserve Bank was called the Rothschild paper printing company, and the IRS the Rothschild collection agency?
Iceland is refusing to pay their National Debt to banks who bought it, or increase taxes. We should do the same!
Taxes to bring down the debt? Americas yearly GDP is 2,3 trillion! National debt 118 trillion! We're screwed!
IMF counting their Gold as being in two places at one time! http://bit.ly/9loizx
One thing is for sure, the earth will not be over populated after what is to come.
We are headed for the perfect collapse. It will make the depression look like nothing. All those social programs wiped out.
@markross67 I agree Mark, take the R and the D off the ballots and let people learn the issues.
There is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold.
The gold cartel has accumulated a huge short position and the huge short positions are ‘naked’, which means these positions are not hedged.
There is no gold left in this world if all the Gold ETFs ask for physical delivery.  The game will be over.
After the sub-prime catastrophe in banking and realty sector, it is the turn of bullion markets now. http://bit.ly/aHwCbd
Record number of uneducated Americans R calling into Dr. offices across America asking for their free Health Care! ha!
@IngrahamAngle woo hoo, your much sexier than O'Reilly, the sexiest thing about you is your intellect & boldness!
Canadas only Gold vault is almost completely empty. http://bit.ly/alv2eC
@roadrun775 all the socialist candy being handed out in exchange for votes will be unsustainable once the economy collapses.
And where do all those taxes go? Gigantic Government, and Bankers at the Federal Reserve Bank. Our rulers that stand above all laws.
Not one of these taxes existed 100 years ago and our nation was the most prosperous in the world. Now we are taxed slaves!
Outrageous Cigerette Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Workers Compensation Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Health Care Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Well Permit Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Watercraft Registration Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Vehicle Sales Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Vehicle License Registration Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Utility Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Trailer Registration Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Traffic Fines (indirect taxation) didn't exist in 1912!
Toll Tunnel Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Toll Bridge Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone usage charge tax didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone state and local tax didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone recurring and non-recurring charges tax didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone minimum usage surcharge tax didn't exist in 1912!
local surcharge taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone federal, state and didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone federal universal service fee tax didn't exist in 1912!
Telephone federal excise tax didn't exist in 1912!
State Unemployment Tax (SUTA) didn't exist in 1912!
State Income Tax didn't exist in 1912!
School Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Road Toll Booth Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Recreational Vehicle Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Sales Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Road Usage Taxes (Truckers) didn't exist in 1912!
Social Security Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Service Charge Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Septic Permit Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Real Estate Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Property Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Medicare Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Marriage License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Luxury Taxes didn't exist in 1912!
Local Income Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Liquor Tax didn't exist in 1912!
IRS Penalties (tax on top of tax) didn't exist in 1912!
Inventory tax IRS Interest Charges (tax on top of tax) didn't exist in 1912!
Inheritance Tax Interest expense (tax on the money) didn't exist in 1912!
Hunting License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Gasoline Tax (42 cents per gallon) didn't exist in 1912!
Fuel permit tax didn't exist in 1912!
Food License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Fishing License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Federal Unemployment Tax (FUTA) didn't exist in 1912!
Federal Income Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Dog License Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Court Fines (indirect taxes)
Corporate Income Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Cigarette Tax didn't exist in 1912!
CDL license Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Capital Gains Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Building Permit Tax didn't exist in 1912!
Accounts Receivable Tax, didn't exist in 1912!
How can you be free whenever 70% of your wealth is stolen? Do you even realize what a slave you are?
Our country was founded on libertarian ideals, not big Government, big business, big socialism!
It is patriotic to think of a smaller Government that stays out of our lives, and allows us to sink or swim.
It is patriotic to think of an America where once again we pay no Federal Income tax, just like 1912! Freedom has been taken.
In 1912 there was no Federal Income Tax! Zero, zilch, nadda, nothing, No Fed, and No National Debt. That was freedom!
If you want to destroy your nation spend a decade at war in Afghanistan with no intension of winning or coming home.
Sell your land to wealthy Citizens, instead of taking money by force through taxation! http://bit.ly/bm3Q7C
@FinCapitalismo which link?
Fire Government employees (those consuming and requiring more taxes) do not raise taxes!
Taxes would be less, if those who consume the taxes (Government) was cut to about 1/5 of it's size!
I've watched two different shows today talk about raising taxes, no one talked about cutting government that consumes the taxes.
many people say the Federal Reserve Bank is a privately owned family bank. This is untrue, it is a ruling class above all laws!
If you want to rob a bank in the United States, own the bank!
The largest debt held by any nation in the history of mankind? The United States of America!
RT @reimagin    RT @KRAVCHICK What? @AMORC11:Obama 9th Circuit Nominee:Constitution Must Adapt to Changes in the World http://bit.ly/d4PfkV
Tyranny ends in America the very day that those funding it simply stop doing so.
Federal Reserve proves they are an unelected unconstitutional family owned bank Enslaving us. http://bit.ly/cSfJdI
Goldman Sachs admits that the commodities sold do not match the actual production and inventories. Uh OH! http://bit.ly/dwwVDR
End the Federal Reserve Bank candidate wins CPAC vote! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bJALN7qEYU
Silver just passed $18 an ounce. Goodbye dollar!
IMF is now refusing to sell gold! Gold moves up on news, and now everything comes unhinged. http://bit.ly/d1T8HL
Experts predicted Social Security would cost more than it was taking in by 2016 http://bit.ly/1LA2C , it happened 2010! http://bit.ly/aWVptj
Tungsten bars plated with gold now circulating. http://bit.ly/9Kn9FH
Gold supplies exhausted in around 6 months. http://bit.ly/9lv80P
comex gold report. People taking ownership at an alarming rate! http://bit.ly/aVnwOJ
Silver market manipulated by the Federal Reserve Bank via JP Morgan Chase. http://bit.ly/aGg38q
Gordon brown manipulated gold for the Federal Reserve Bank! http://bit.ly/b1dd0t
CFTC hearing revealed that there is 100-times more paper-gold outstanding than physical gold.
Silver and Gold manipulation set to go thermal nuclear. http://bit.ly/a8OxFP Will spell the death of the dollar.
Ohio man bulldozes $350,000 home to avoid foreclosure, and give the middle finger to the IRS. http://bit.ly/9huFyx
House of Representatives: 447 employees owe $5809631 because they didn't pay their taxes.
In the U.S. Senate: 231 employees owe $2469026 because they didn't pay their taxes.
Pensions are now not being paid. http://bit.ly/ddY50T
Who really runs our Government? The Federal Reserve Bank, John F. Kennedy Told the truth. http://bit.ly/dDgXc and suddenly died.
I guess 276,300 federal employees are not paying taxes. http://bit.ly/4KYBHb  Because they watched this http://bit.ly/JXo7
Interesting list of taxes that did not exist 100 years ago! http://bit.ly/13W6Wu
In 1912 There was No Federal Income Tax, why because there was no Federal Reserve Bank, and No National Debt, Now we are taxed slaves.
Social Security is collapsing, those paying in now, will never see a dime. Legalized theft. http://bit.ly/1yFTMI
Kansas City  MO, closing half their schools! http://bit.ly/8XKsm6  Cut schools, definately not Government fat, or pensions!
Charlie Rangel wants to increase taxes, but not pay any. http://bit.ly/S5j3Y
The United States has beend taxing the world through the printing of money.  This cycle is coming to an end now. We are on our own.
California decides to withold 10% of citizens paychecks.  http://bit.ly/4Gwl21
When the Federal Res lent the Federal Gov the money with interest to bail out Wall Street, it took private sector debt IRS enforced tax debt
Federal Income taxes are collapsing. The lowest since 1932! http://bit.ly/byHkET
Hawaii says it will hold on to your tax refunds until August because of budget short falls. You can rob people as long as you have the law.