86 years ago, FDR appointed Francis Perkins to be the nation’s first female Cabinet secretary. From establishing unemployment benefits to crafting the first minimum-wage laws, we owe many of today’s protections for workers to her time as Secretary of Labor. #WomensHistoryMonth
Congress passed the Fix NICS bill to prevent glaring gaps in background check databases that allowed mass shooters to obtain firearms. But a year after it was signed into law, many agencies are still not fully complying. We’re calling on the DOJ to fully implement Fix NICS. https://t.co/4VBOiwtxgX
California suffered from record-breaking wildfires and flooding last year. Now that Congress has funded the federal government, it’s time to provide much-needed relief for all Americans trying to recover from the recent natural disasters. https://t.co/HSO9TrrX4s
President Trump’s tax plan hits 2.2 million Californians with a larger bill because of the new cap on state and local tax deductions. California families making less than $100k are paying on average $750 more in taxes due to the cap alone. https://t.co/3UR0LgDBEh
I’m pleased that my bill to hold opioid manufacturers accountable for oversupplying pharmacies led to a new DEA tool to better identify, stop and report suspicious orders. We must end the practice of prescription pills being diverted for abuse. https://t.co/OYRIlc0hlQ
March 1 is #DressInBlue day for colorectal cancer awareness. More than 90% of colorectal cancers occur in people over the age of 50 years so if you’re between 50 and 75 years old, be sure to get regular screenings. Find more info here.  https://t.co/9RloyEJXs8
Those rules would discourage survivors from reporting their assaults, in part because survivors would be subjected to cross-examination by their attacker’s chosen representative.  It is safe to assume this change in the guidance will be challenged in the D.C. Circuit.
Specifically, Rao has been personally involved in repealing protections for survivors of campus sexual violence. She has also acknowledged that her office approved controversial new rules on campus sexual assault under Title IX.
While she has since said that she “lacked the perspective of how [her articles] might be perceived by others,” her record shows these views persist today.
On sexual assault, Neomi Rao wrote that if a woman “drinks to the point where she can no longer choose, well, getting to that point was part of her choice.”
Moreover, I asked Ms. Rao if she would commit to recusing herself from any case involving regulations that she worked on while serving in her current position.  She refused to make such a commitment.
She has also led efforts to repeal the Clean Power Plan regulation. This repeal has been estimated to result in up to 1,400 premature deaths annually by 2030, due to an increase in particulate matters from emissions that are linked to heart and lung disease.
She has led efforts to weaken fuel economy CAFÉ standards, which I authored and which has been law since 2007. Before the administration proposed freezing these standards, we were set to achieve a fuel economy standard of 54 miles per gallon by 2025.
I believe it is particularly relevant that Rao has a record of working to dismantle key regulations that ensure the air we breathe is safe, that address global warming, and that protect American workers and consumers.
THREAD: The Senate Judiciary Committee voted to send Neomi Rao’s nomination to serve on the D.C. Circuit to the Senate floor for a vote. I voted NO. From her writings to her work dismantling regulations to her lack of candor with the Committee — her record is deeply concerning.
As #BlackHistoryMonth draws to a close, read about San Francisco’s first black female streetcar operator: Maya Angelou. Before she became one of our country’s most beloved poets she was breaking down racial barriers at just 16 years old. https://t.co/Cy05GB4fMQ
That’s why I introduced the Agricultural Worker Program Act, to give farmworkers &amp; their families a path to legal residence. That stability would also provide reliable farm labor for our growers. These workers feed America and we all benefit by protecting them from deportation.
American farmers are facing a severe shortage of workers. The backbreaking work of farm labor is performed largely by undocumented immigrants who live in fear of deportation due to the administration’s harsh enforcement policies. https://t.co/G1ZDZdvlGG
Throughout his career, Andrew Wheeler has shown a clear disregard for the EPA’s mission to protect the public and environment. As the author of the Ten-in-Ten Fuel Economy Act, I’m troubled by his attacks on clean car standards. We don’t need another anti-environment crusader.
I just voted against Andrew Wheeler to become EPA administrator. As a former fossil fuel lobbyist, he consistently worked against the public interest to advance an anti-environment agenda and dismantle many hard-won climate change programs.
Great meeting with Metrolink. I got an update on their implementation of Positive Train Control, a key tool for improving railroad safety. Looking forward to working with you. https://t.co/jRr7nWZWcQ
WATCH NOW: The Judiciary Committee is voting on the nomination of Neomi Rao to the D.C. Circuit. She has led the Trump administration’s effort to abolish rules protecting consumers, students and our air &amp; water.  Watch here: https://t.co/7U0KNgcqZ8
It’s past time that the president accepts the truth that climate change is real, is man-made and happening now. We need a president willing to seek out solutions to address climate change, not one searching for ways to undercut scientific facts. https://t.co/CaxT8QQ44v
Disturbing reports have emerged that President Trump will set up a panel to undermine the consensus of scientists around the world that climate change is a real and imminent threat. Climate change policy should be based on objective science, not on politically biased panels.
In particular: 1) Roger Stone speaking with the president about Wikileaks, 2) the president’s lawyer editing Cohen’s false testimony to Congress, 3) hush money payments using campaign funds, 4) who knew about the Trump Tower meeting and 5) the Trump Tower Moscow deal in 2016.
After watching Michael Cohen’s testimony, it’s clear he raised some important points today. Several items he spoke about warrant follow up.
Throughout his career, Andrew Wheeler has shown a clear disregard for the EPA’s mission to protect the public and environment. We don’t need another anti-environment crusader leading the very agency tasked with enforcing our environmental laws. https://t.co/WvqjYQsnjl
As the author of the Ten-in-Ten Fuel Economy Act, I’m particularly troubled by his attacks on clean car standards, which are set to rise to more than 50 mpg by 2025 for new cars and SUVs.
As acting administrator of the EPA, Andrew Wheeler has given us a glimpse of how harmful his tenure would be if confirmed. Instead of positioning the EPA to aggressively tackle climate change, Wheeler has dismantled many of the hard-won climate programs already in place.
My thoughts are with the Sonoma County residents affected by record flooding. Please continue to follow all evacuation orders and stay up to date on information about shelters and where to find sandbags:  https://t.co/GisSeHGloZ
The Education Dept. has refused to process debt forgiveness requests from students cheated by colleges. Instead of providing relief, the Dept continues to collect on these loans. We’re calling on them to stop stalling &amp; support these student requests. https://t.co/mZhiCeUEP8
Huawei, a company with ties to China’s intelligence services, is trying to make headway into the U.S. solar market. We’re calling on DHS and DOE to block Huawei and protect our energy infrastructure from potential hacking. https://t.co/wAXzS2ACY4
The lands package also secures new protections for our desert, creates California’s first National Heritage Area, develops smarter ways to manage the Santa Ana Wash and facilitates safety upgrades to the Contra Costa Canal. https://t.co/b2S4wDU1Gr
BREAKING: The House just passed a package of bills that includes my bill to protect the Mojave Desert. From desert tortoises to bighorn sheep and iconic Joshua trees, the beauty of the California desert is unrivaled. It’s a defining part of our state, and I’m proud to protect it.
Important report by @AGBecerra looking into ICE immigration detention facilities in California. I applaud the AG’s efforts to shed light on these issues, such as ICE’s excessive use of force and restrictions on access to counsel. Immigrants should be treated with dignity. https://t.co/S4UbnoucyV
This week the House will vote to expand background checks to all gun purchases. Many who are legally barred from owning guns skip background checks by buying at gun shows or online. This is an easy bill to close a loophole and the Senate should pass it too. #LettersForChange
Republicans claim they haven’t changed the blue-slip tradition, which requires senators to sign off on judges from their states. If that were true, today would not be the first time in history a judge was confirmed over opposition from both home-state senators.
Today Senate Republicans are voting to confirm Eric Miller to the Ninth Circuit. He would be the first nominee EVER confirmed without sign-off from either home-state senator.
Thank you Garfield Elementary School in San Leandro for the beautiful drawings of our California desert wilderness! We’re lucky to have such vibrant wildlife in California and I’m glad our students are learning early to appreciate it. https://t.co/bcM1bvUoUg
Great seeing Governor Newsom yesterday. We had a constructive meeting on ways to address wildfire, water infrastructure, disaster aid, homelessness and transportation funding, among other issues. I look forward to continuing our work together to advance California priorities. https://t.co/GToze3sRw1
I agree 100%. As I’ve said many times, the Mueller report needs to be made public and Congress needs access to the investigative records. DOJ has set a precedent by releasing investigative documents and it needs to abide by that precedent. https://t.co/MbgW139l2D
Another state takes action on a law to prevent dangerous individuals from possessing weapons. We must pass my legislation to help every state take this action. https://t.co/Zn5kAPuTZh
President Trump’s meeting with Kim Jong Un must focus on finding a principled, diplomatic pathway to secure, monitor and verify the denuclerazation of North Korea. It should not, and cannot, hand Kim Jong Un a propaganda victory while he continues to develop nuclear capabilities. https://t.co/OEBAFnYBZM
Planned Parenthood has been a trusted health care provider for millions of patients for more than a century. The constant attacks from Republicans are disgraceful and I will continue to fight against them.
This new rule undermines health care for nearly 4 million Americans and would result in Planned Parenthood losing more than $60 million in federal funds. These funds ensure that low-income patients have access to essential reproductive health care and family planning services.
This is an effort by the Trump administration to deny women the ability to see health care providers they know and trust. The administration’s goal is clear: force Planned Parenthood to close its doors. https://t.co/HM1CyO5zVe
This law was meant to protect victims from people precisely like Jeffrey Epstein, and it works when prosecutors follow it. The law was not followed in this case.
In his role as U.S. attorney, Alex Acosta met with Epstein’s attorney, who subsequently thanked Acosta for his pledge to not contact ‘any of the identified individuals, potential witnesses or potential civil claimants in this matter and their respective counsel in this matter.’
I authored the Crime Victims’ Rights Act with Senator Jon Kyl in 2004. The law was enacted to ensure victims were kept informed throughout the legal process and given the opportunity to be heard in court. https://t.co/SPdVB9Baa5
We can’t allow a process with no scrutiny or oversight to be used as an excuse to continue separating children from their families. I encourage my colleagues to join me and call for an end to this cruel practice at our border. https://t.co/0xT3kuljki
CBP officers have no expertise in child welfare and should not be deciding whether these children are in danger. The Keep Families Together Act requires either a state court to decide or CBP to consult with child welfare experts before a child is removed from accompanying adults.
The family separation crisis continues. DHS has separated 245 children since a court ordered an end to the policy. DHS claims these children are in danger if they remain with the adults they crossed with, but there’s no transparency on how CBP makes that determination. https://t.co/mP4F9ZkJ1Z
The situation in Venezuela is untenable. Destruction of humanitarian assistance must immediately stop and lifesaving food and medicine must be allowed to reach people in need. Any destruction or delay is the fault of the Maduro regime, yet another reason he should resign.
More than anything, Jeff was a dedicated public servant who cared deeply for the people and city he served. His extraordinary presence will be missed in San Francisco, and my thoughts are with his family during this difficult time.
He was a passionate advocate for his clients, and he carried that passion into his work outside of the courtroom. He was a tireless advocate for criminal justice reform and the rights of immigrant children.
As one of the few elected public defenders in the country, Jeff Adachi fought to ensure every person received equal justice under the law.
I want the children from the Sunrise Movement to know they were heard loud and clear. I have been and remain committed to doing everything I can to enact real, meaningful climate change legislation. https://t.co/JLoIMDf26u
Regulations governing Mueller’s investigation do not prohibit AG Barr from disclosing the final report to Congress, &amp; I repeat my call for Barr to provide the report unedited once he has received it. A summary written by Barr instead of the Mueller report will not be acceptable.
More states are allowing courts to keep guns out of the hands of people who pose a risk to themselves or others. My bill would support these states and encourage others to enact similar laws. This a commonsense law to help prevent would-be mass shooters from amassing weapons. https://t.co/tnCr0g7lJb
The Trump administration is trying to gut a payday lending rule that was crafted to protect borrowers from crippling debt. People shouldn’t be offered predatory loans that they cannot pay back. The CFPB must explain why it intends to repeal these important safeguards. https://t.co/9NXajATrRg
I’m glad to see @DavidCicilline introduce an assault weapons ban in the House with a record number of cosponsors. Our streets are no place for these weapons of war and I look forward to working with you to get this bill passed!  https://t.co/2Ipc62AhPw
Today marks 77 years since FDR signed an executive order sending 110,000 American citizens and Japanese nationals to internment camps. The #DayofRemembrance serves as a stark reminder that racism, xenophobia and fearmongering run contrary to our most basic American values.
It’s also clear that this is unconstitutional. Congress appropriates funds, not the president. Congress specifically refused to fund the president’s wall at the level he requested &amp; the Constitution does not allow him to overrule Congress when it comes to spending federal dollars
The reason President Trump said he didn’t need to declare an emergency is because there is no emergency. Border crossings are at their lowest levels in years. In 2000, CBP reported more than 1.6 million apprehensions at the border. In 2017, it was just 303,916 apprehensions. https://t.co/yVJ4YJKzUG
I support the suit brought by California and 15 other states against President Trump’s so-called border emergency, which isn’t really an emergency at all. As President Trump said in his Rose Garden speech on Friday, ‘I didn’t need to do this, but I’d rather do it much faster.’
Despite the immediate danger posed by climate change, many middle school and high school teachers lack the training to teach students about it. Our bill will create professional development grants for teachers to ensure students are getting the best education they can. https://t.co/Fj4ZJReRA4
Happy President’s Day! Take a moment to read about some of our nation’s leaders in the Library of Congress archive. https://t.co/ulxP5gz9xX
The Trump administration’s efforts to increase exports of numerous weapons, including blue prints to make 3D weapons, are dangerous. Our bill would put a stop to this policy change, reducing the number of dangerous weapons on the global market. https://t.co/X1Bko6NsTz
During the government shutdown, as hundreds of thousands of federal workers weren’t being paid, the president canceled a planned pay raise. Indefensible. I’m glad the bill Congress passed yesterday restored that well-deserved pay increase for these workers.
Good news! As part of the funding bill Congress passed yesterday, the FDA must now ensure mammography reports include appropriate breast-density information. Dense tissue can hide cancer on mammograms, so this information is vital to catching breast cancer early.
After back-to-back years of deadly and destructive wildfires, President Trump’s shutdown stopped critical projects designed to prevent and mitigate future wildfires. We’re asking the Forest Service to clarify what the status of efforts are now that the government has reopened. https://t.co/1jTUIR4spM
The incomparable Susan B. Anthony was born this day in 1820. We’re forever indebted to her and the fight she led for equal rights. We have much left to do, but we’ve made a lot of progress because of the great example she left us. Happy birthday.
Thank you Sandy Hook Promise for supporting our Extreme Risk Protection Order Act. Our bill would block dangerous individuals who are a threat to themselves or others from getting their hands on guns. I look forward to working with you to get this done! https://t.co/vdQvpYAzG9
Federal contract workers went weeks without pay during the shutdown, causing significant hardship for many. I joined @SenCortezMasto on a bill to allow them to access their retirement funds without penalties to help make ends meet.
There’s no national emergency at the border. Unauthorized border crossings are at their lowest levels in decades, about one-third of their peak levels two decades ago. If there were an emergency, the president wouldn’t have waited two years to make this political decision.
While I’m proud of what’s in the omnibus, Congress still has work to finish several items not included in the final bill. Chief among those is disaster funding for California wildfire victims and an extension of the Violence Against Women Act. https://t.co/eBr5fslz5O
The bill also provides funding for proven border security measures without wasting resources on a massive border wall. With long-term funding now in place, we can hopefully begin to restore public confidence that the government will always be open and ready to serve.
BREAKING: the Senate just passed a funding bill to avoid another shutdown. This omnibus bill keeps the entire federal government open and makes key investments in California, including full funding for all of our major mass-transit projects.
California, Maryland and Florida have already done so, and the federal government should support other states that want to follow their lead. Read more about our bill:  https://t.co/xQQ5Lotc3C
Families have little recourse if they want to ensure their loved ones don’t get their hands on guns that could be used to kill themselves or others. Our bill would help states establish a court process to allow that to happen.
One common thread that runs through mass shootings in this country is that family &amp; friends are often the first to be aware that perpetrators pose threats to themselves or others. The Parkland shooter had a history of making threatening statements, but police had no power to act.
Pleased to see the Senate unanimously pass a bill to make lynching a federal crime. Congress has tried nearly 200 times to pass similar legislation. It’s long past time we recognize this heinous, racist crime for what it is and I hope to see the House move this bill soon.
#SinceParkland, 1,200 American children have been killed by gun violence. The school experience for young people today has become one of active-shooter drills and fear. We owe this generation more, and safe schools is a big part of that. https://t.co/yMYbnDFsHz
Mr. Barr may be a fine attorney, but he is not the right choice to lead the Department of Justice under this president, with several active investigations implicating the president, his campaign advisers and inner circle. https://t.co/eC9wC2CfMi
Bill Barr argued the president has no check on his authority, an assertion that flies in the face of the Constitution and should be concerning to all Americans. https://t.co/eiiYhUy5Q4
BREAKING: @HouseJudiciary last night passed the first major gun-safety bill out of committee in YEARS. The Bipartisan Background Checks Act, passed by a party-line vote, should be supported by ALL members of Congress. I’m a proud supporter of its Senate counterpart.
One year ago tragedy struck in #Parkland when 17 students were killed. The Parkland survivors continue to show incredible determination in their fight for real gun reform and I’m proud to stand with them. #EnoughIsEnough
RT @HouseJudiciary: BREAKING: @HouseJudiciary just passed #HR8 the Bipartisan Background Checks Act. This is the first major gun violence p…
RT @HouseJudiciary: BREAKING: @HouseJudiciary just passed #HR1112, the Enhanced Background Checks Act. This bill addresses a loophole that…
.@NASA’s Opportunity rover was given a 90-day mission but spent 15 years on Mars! Its longevity was due in no small part to the Herculean effort of the 6,000 employees at California’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory. A job well done and something to be proud of! https://t.co/7eRPjUnn4X
I’m glad to see @RepMaxineWaters and the Financial Services Committee hold a hearing on homelessness in America. I’m committed to doing everything possible to support communities across the country grappling with this issue.
Our commonsense legislation would fix that mistake by removing the cap for state and local taxes and restoring the pre-Trump tax rate for the top income bracket. https://t.co/rR8DbYjg80
Few places are feeling that pain more than California. Due to the cap on state and local taxes, an estimated 134,000 Californian households will have a larger tax bill than the previous year under the president’s plan. Californians shouldn’t be taxed twice on the same income.
In 2017, to help pay for their tax bill, Republicans wiped out or capped many popular deductions for middle-class families. The loss of those deductions is now hurting many Americans filing for the first time under the new system.
Federal workers’ paychecks should never be withheld as a negotiating tactic. Shutdowns have real, harmful consequences. Our bipartisan resolution sends a simple message” “The government should never resort to a shutdown again.” https://t.co/jHGQqIUZZy
Not only have a large number President Trump’s nominees been confirmed, but they’ve been confirmed twice as fast as President Obama’s were. This rules change is merely the latest attempt to stack the federal bench with young, conservative ideologues.
Republicans claim they must change the rules because Democrats are obstructing nominees. This is false. The Senate has confirmed far more nominees in President Trump’s first two years than it did in President Obama’s first two years. https://t.co/XTYPtz3uvQ
Senate Republicans are trying to change Senate rules to confirm district court nominees with far less time for debate on their records and fitness for the bench
RT @McClatchyDC: After the shooting of 14 students and three adults at a Florida high school by a former student, parents and students rall…
RT @SenateDems: “Taken to its natural conclusion, Mr. Barr's analysis squarely places this president above the law.” —@SenFeinstein explain…
WATCH: Serious concerns about Bill Barr’s nomination as attorney general. https://t.co/w70N3GGu63
The Trump administration is preventing DACA recipients from visiting sick and dying family members overseas or participating in study/work abroad programs. This is a cruel policy that the administration can and must reverse. https://t.co/xZbnQ6HNe6
Teeming with life – from desert tortoises to bighorn sheep, breathtaking wildflower blooms to iconic Joshua trees – few places rival the unique beauty of California’s desert. It’s a defining part of California’s landscape and we must preserve it. https://t.co/UWKtGY4S0N
This bill marks a 25 year effort to better manage the California desert. It fulfills the promise to off-roaders and environmental groups that we wouldn’t stop with the 1994 bill. More importantly, it shows we can expand protections while ensuring the desert remains open for all.
BREAKING: The Senate just passed the California Desert Protection and Recreation Act, our bill to update and expand protections for 716,000 acres of the California desert.
Happy 210th birthday to President Abraham Lincoln. A great friend to California, he signed legislation in 1864 setting aside the Yosemite Valley for preservation. Learn more about how President Lincoln shaped our history: https://t.co/jMX19CDsdh
I’m proud to support the #FAMILYAct, because whether it’s to care for a new child or recover from a serious illness, workers should be able to take leave without jeopardizing their jobs or economic security. It’s time we give hardworking Americans the #PaidLeave they deserve.
National monuments fuel an $887 billion outdoor recreation economy, sustain 7.6 million jobs across the country &amp; create billions in tax revenue. In the face of relentless attacks by the Trump administration, we’re standing up for public lands by strengthening the Antiquities Act https://t.co/OnAV82K5d7
We’re sending a simple message today: that the Senate “rejects the future use of a government shutdown as a negotiating tactic; and believes that the government should never resort to a shut down again.” https://t.co/Fen7ojhMMM
Government shutdowns are dangerous, harmful and should never be used as a negotiation tool, period. The government must remain open and ready to serve, and it’s our job to ensure that happens.
It’s time to end the cycle of lurching from funding crisis to funding crisis and return to regular order. I hope the president accepts the agreement reached by congressional leaders last night.
It was wonderful sitting down with my current group of interns. Such an intelligent group of students with bright futures ahead! If you’d like to apply to my intern program you can submit an application on my website. https://t.co/PouzVRyyla https://t.co/sD4FXQP0rH
Congress gave the president Section 232 tariff authority to quickly respond to national security threats, not to pick political fights. California farmers and manufacturers are being needlessly hurt by President Trump’s trade wars. We must stop his abuse of these tariff powers. https://t.co/IxYcRP5IR3
The Louisiana law is nearly identical to the Texas law struck down by the court as unconstitutional in 2016, and Kavanaugh’s willingness to let it proceed demonstrates his views on Roe v. Wade and women’s reproductive freedoms, despite what he testified to in the Senate.
While I’m pleased the Supreme Court agreed to temporarily block a Louisiana abortion law, it’s troubling, but not surprising, that Kavanaugh wrote a separate dissent arguing the court should disregard long-standing precedent, despite his assurances that he'd respect precedent.
Glad to join @SenKamalaHarris to reintroduce a bill strengthening labor protections for farmworkers. These workers feed America and we have a responsibility to ensure they’re paid fairly for their labor. https://t.co/ss4pLJaNB3
Minority borrowers disproportionately receive riskier, more expensive loans when purchasing a home. Last year, Congress erased measures to prevent this discrimination. Our bill will restore those measures and ensure all borrowers are treated fairly. https://t.co/bFDFzYUPca
The country lost an amazing man with the passing of John Dingell, and my thoughts are with his wife Debbie. From his service in World War II to nearly 60 years in the House of Representatives, John was a real patriot and loved his country. He’ll be missed.
That’s why I’ve re-introduced the Keep Families Together Act. This bill would prohibit family separation and protect the rights of both parents and children. Basic, humane protections should not be controversial. I hope all senators, Democrat and Republican alike, will join me.
I’m glad to see the House hold hearings on family separation on our southern border today. Keeping families together should not be a partisan issue. Tearing children away from their parents is simply un-American.
The Trump administration is maintaining that it can’t find and won’t reunify many children who were torn from their parents last year. Worse, these separations continue today despite a court order to end them. This is unconscionable, and we must act. https://t.co/0xT3kuljki
Barr would not commit to releasing the Mueller report and protecting all the Trump-related investigations. The American people deserve an attorney general who will be independent, uphold the Constitution, and represent the people not the president.
William Barr’s refusal to commit to releasing the Mueller report is deeply concerning as well as his refusal to protect ALL the investigations impacting Trump’s interest.
Barr would not even separate himself from President Trump’s threats to nullify constitutional guarantees of citizenship to anyone born on U.S. soil. The American people deserve an attorney general who is committed to the constitution, not the president. https://t.co/tisARPeP9i
Barr would not say Roe v. Wade was correctly decided. He would not say that waterboarding is torture. He would not affirm that the constitution ensures citizenship to children born in the United States.
Republicans are holding a #MonsterMarkup to push through more than 40 judges along with attorney general nominee William Barr. Many of these nominees have little or no experience as judges and several are opposed by home-state senators.
The lack of blue slips from home state senators for nominees included in this #MonsterMarkup is inexcusable. Republicans demanded they approve of every nominee and used blue slips to block nominees since the tradition began.
Until the Trump administration, the only time a nominee was confirmed without two blue slips was when the chair moved a nominee over the objections of his OWN party, not the minority party. #MonsterMarkup
Republicans are not representing the history of the blue slip tradition accurately. Before they took control in 2017, no nominee had been confirmed without a blue slip in ~30 years. #MonsterMarkup
William Barr's expansive views of presidential power, including that sitting presidents cannot be indicted, combined with his refusal to commit to make the Mueller report public make it clear why he’s not the right person to lead the Justice Dept.
WATCH NOW: The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a markup to vote on the nomination of William Barr to be attorney general, along with dozens of federal judges. https://t.co/DLQlwSqA6H
Happy National Girls &amp; Women in Sports Day! All women should feel empowered playing sports, but even today, women have fewer opportunities than men. That’s why I’ll never stop advocating for Title IX and why I was proud to pass a bill protecting young athletes from sexual abuse.
The science couldn’t be clearer. The last five years are the hottest on record and ushered in record wildfires, frequent hurricanes and devastating floods. We can’t continue to debate what is a clear conclusion. The Earth is warming and our fossil fuel dependency is the cause. https://t.co/tsSBm6rliD
The lands package includes our desert bill that will ensure the California desert is preserved for generations to come. It protects 375,000 acres of wilderness, establishes 6 permanent off-highway vehicle areas and adds 42,0000 acres to Joshua Tree &amp; Death Valley National Parks.
The Senate is now debating a bipartisan public lands package. We were able to include some important California priorities that will hopefully pass the Senate and House soon.
Glad to see the House Judiciary Committee hold a hearing on gun violence. This is a public health crisis and we need to act. The Senate Judiciary Committee should hold our own hearings and pass commonsense gun reform like red flag laws and an assault weapons ban.
A huge cavity has formed under the Thwaites Glacier in Antarctica. If it collapses, sea levels could rise by another two feet in a matter of decades! This is just one glacier. We must cut carbon emissions quickly by investing in cleaner energy sources. https://t.co/RXTyQseFhx
As if forcing them to go without pay wasn’t enough, President Trump imposed a pay freeze for civil servants while his shutdown went on. Proud to join my colleagues on a bill to give federal employees a 2.6% raise to help ensure they’re paid a fair wage for their service. https://t.co/N0WCc0AEuY
If Neomi Rao hears a case involving an issue she worked on in the Trump administration she should recuse. Greg Katsas made this pledge just two years ago, but Rao refused. https://t.co/yqvNnIAByf
It was wonderful seeing Maria, who obtained a visa to return to work and reunite with her beautiful family after being deported last year. Maria’s presence at the #SOTU reminds us that we should not prioritize hardworking people like her for deportation. https://t.co/JBcvrIUh29
BREAKING: New GAO report shows President Trump spends tens of millions of dollars to travel to Mar-a-Lago at taxpayer expense – including government funds paid directly to his own business. Trump’s first 4 trips cost $13.6 million, including $60,000 paid directly to Mar-a-Lago. https://t.co/QgYrMr8myb
Neomi Rao has led the Trump administration’s efforts to abolish regulations protecting consumers, the environment and students. This is particularly concerning to me because one of those regulations is based on landmark legislation I authored to increase fuel economy standards.
More than 20 years ago, we introduced the Breast Cancer Research Stamp as first class postage sold by @USPS. It has now raised $88 million for breast cancer research efforts. Show your support and help fund the search for a cure. https://t.co/LntwN1pD0R
The scourge of gun violence isn’t only affecting our communities but the law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line to protect us. Senate Republicans must stop obstructing commonsense gun reform and let us pass expanded background checks and an assault weapons ban. https://t.co/RdmGZwkUt6
Happy Lunar New Year to all those celebrating in California and across the country. I hope the #YearOfThePig is a prosperous and peaceful one for everyone!
Happy birthday to #RosaParks. Her life inspired generations of Americans to fight for equality. On what would have been her 106th birthday, let’s remember the incredible legacy she left the world by doing what she knew was right in the face of incredible discrimination.
Our bill would bar the transfer of any funding from other programs to the construction, land acquisition or other activities related to President Trump’s border wall following any potential emergency declaration, unless Congress specifically authorized it. https://t.co/6bR6jOa3FP
The Constitution gives Congress, not the president, the power of the purse. Congress dedicated funds for flood protection and military construction projects. That’s how those funds should be spent, not diverted by President Trump for his wasteful, unworkable border wall.
President Trump has repeatedly threatened to declare a national emergency to bypass Congress and finance construction of his border wall. The funds most at risk of being misdirected to build the wall are Army Corps flood protection funds and military construction funding.
San Diego secured its 100th restraining order to keep firearms out of the hands of dangerous people. California shows that red-flag laws work. They are lawful, constitutional and keep us all safer. I'll be introducing legislation on this issue soon. https://t.co/Z5yVf9FjgX
I couldn’t be prouder of the #LARams tonight. This team has come so far in a such a short period of time. I can’t wait to see what next season brings. #RamsHouse
Good luck to the #LARams today! Congratulations on an impressive season, now let’s finish the job! #SBLIII #RamsHouse
Yesterday, Customs and Border Protection announced its largest-ever fentanyl bust. A wall didn’t stop these deadly drugs, skilled agents and technology at a legal port of entry did. 	https://t.co/rLFWtBpffC
Let’s kick off #BlackHistoryMonth by remembering the generations of black Americans who courageously pursued the cause of equality. There’s work yet to do, but I know the leaders of this generation will continue the march forward.
Education Secretary DeVos is trying to gut protections for sexual assault survivors with a Title IX rule change. Students, survivors, advocates and colleges have all come out against this rule, and my colleagues and I proudly join them in voicing our opposition. #HandsOffIX https://t.co/5xrSITrv0F
The North American Development Bank funds infrastructure projects along the U.S.-Mexico border that improve air &amp; water quality. It’s a vital part of our effort to stop untreated sewage from flowing into the U.S. &amp; our bill will fund more of these projects in border communities. https://t.co/baJLI19z3U
BREAKING: FEMA has extended the deadline for residents in Butte, Los Angeles and Ventura counties who suffered damages from the Camp, Hill or Woolsey fires to apply for disaster assistance. The new deadline is February 15. More info can be found here. https://t.co/eNYIs6G5oX
Chairman Graham said he wants to protect senators’ role in nominations. The best way to do that is the blue-slip tradition. When a Democrat was president, Republicans strongly defended blue slips &amp; Democrats honored them. That shouldn’t change because a Republican is president. https://t.co/qfuK55U9OC
.@SenKamalaHarris and I even identified candidates selected by the White House we could support to demonstrate our willingness to work cooperatively. Unfortunately, the White House is moving forward with three nominees to a circuit court who have no judicial experience.
I am deeply disappointed that the White House has chosen to re-nominate Daniel Collins and Kenneth Lee to the Ninth Circuit. We made clear our opposition to these individuals and told the White House we wanted to work together to come to consensus on a new package of nominees.
I had the good fortune of meeting with the Illumination Foundation to discuss the work they’re doing in California to provide beds for the homeless. Over the last 10 years they’ve provided nearly 1 million nights of shelter to some of our state’s most vulnerable. https://t.co/5ThxmaFzh4
Great to meet today with Speaker Rendon and senior members of the California Assembly. I look forward to continuing our work together on California priorities like wildfire prevention, water, and lowering the cost of health care and expanding coverage. https://t.co/rLdnt5N0KI
New study shows the rate of child deaths from firearms has doubled in the last decade. We need to do more to stop this crisis. https://t.co/D4rGUI5Fwe
Democrats remain concerned about whether Bill Barr would allow Congress and the American people to view any report submitted by Special Counsel Mueller in its entirety. The American people deserve to know what Special Counsel Mueller has found. My remarks: https://t.co/t4LHudUfRA
The #LillyLedbetterFairPayAct was a landmark bill in the fight against gender discrimination. 10 years later, the pay gap persists. On average, women make just 80 cents for every $1 a white man makes. Let’s pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct and make equal pay for equal work reality!
New research showing how the long-term effects of gun violence take a toll on victims and our health care system. It’s clear that gun violence is a national health crisis. The only question is how long Republicans will wait to help us prevent it. https://t.co/umObfhRK0D
The government shutdown cost the American economy more than $3 billion. We need to use the next three weeks wisely and make sure we don’t bring further harm to federal workers or our economy.  https://t.co/s8Ozl55SNd
Congress passed our bill to pay back 800,000 federal workers for the two paychecks they missed during President Trump’s shutdown. Now we’re working to ensure they receive that back pay immediately. Federal workers shouldn’t suffer any longer for the president’s shutdown. https://t.co/wWYftMbJr3
Today #WeRemember the victims of the Holocaust. Spend this Holocaust Remembrance Day listening to Jewish survivors tell their stories and committing to stand against hate. https://t.co/DXdK70yuh8
Now that the shutdown is over, federal employees will get back pay but unfortunately it’s not guaranteed for federal contractors, many of whom live paycheck to paycheck. That’s not right. We’re fighting to ensure they get their paychecks too. https://t.co/M1biMfMaxy
But we can’t keep governing week-to-week. The chaos and harm inflicted by this shutdown will have lasting effects – we can’t afford another one.
We’ve been asking for the government to be opened and negotiations to proceed over border security and immigration reform. Today, the president and Senate Republicans have agreed to do just that, and I look forward to rolling up our sleeves and reaching a long-term agreement.
BREAKING: President Trump has agreed to end his shutdown and let 800,000 federal employees and contractors go back to work and receive their paychecks.
Federal workers have now missed two paychecks due to the president’s shutdown. With no end in sight, many will need to start paying out-of-pocket for the full cost of their vision and dental insurance after they miss a third paycheck. It’s long past time we end this shutdown. https://t.co/3P7Grkbnms
Roger Stone is the latest individual in President Trump’s circle to be charged with obstruction of justice &amp; lying about the campaign’s connections to Russia and Russian interference in the 2016 election. It’s time for the president &amp; his top aides to be truthful with the public. https://t.co/sPP1iuGps4
Yet another sign that climate change is real and demands action. The last four years have been the hottest ON RECORD and are now the “new normal.” With the record breaking wildfires, hurricanes and flooding we saw in 2018, that should concern us all. https://t.co/E1WXoR8XPG
It was a pleasure meeting with @LondonBreed today to discuss the challenges San Francisco is facing with homelessness. I look forward to working with you to meet this problem head on and get San Franciscans the help they need. https://t.co/KJtBhAtesu
Customs and Border Protection must explain why two young children died in their custody and how they plan to prevent similar deaths in the future. Too many questions remain about CBP procedures for the care of detained children. An unbiased, external investigation is necessary. https://t.co/IoDoRqSpMt
RT @SenFeinstein: Californians have been writing to me about the difficulties they’re facing because of President Trump’s shutdown. Keep se…
Reports that Saudi Arabia is paying child soldiers to fight in Yemen and that the United Arab Emirates is arming al Qaeda-linked militants are deeply troubling. If true, these are but the latest reasons why the U.S. should cease all involvement in the Saudi-led war in Yemen. https://t.co/XXRigClwfv
A top Trump official today said he doesn’t know why federal workers who are going unpaid must rely on food banks. That lack of understanding is a BIG problem. I’ve heard so many stories from Californians about their difficulties. We must end this shutdown. https://t.co/Sumh6XjzBA
800,000 federal employees and contractors are about to miss another paycheck because of the president’s shutdown. I plan to vote yes on Thursday on the House Democratic plan to reopen the government. It’s a good first step toward finally solving this impasse. https://t.co/S6h07NHxnx
Federal employees, their families and their communities shouldn’t be used as pawns. We can’t continue to ask federal workers to be furloughed or work without pay every time the president doesn’t get his way. This cannot become an acceptable precedent. https://t.co/sUEAXZ8Jfe
I’m hearing from more and more Californians about the hardships they’re facing. Vital services are being denied and critical work is left undone as thousands of families worry about how they’ll make ends meet. It’s time for this shutdown to end. https://t.co/MgsMd5Ec1E
I remember what it was like before #RoevWade . I know the lengths women took so they could make their own decisions regarding their health and their destiny. I know all too well just how dangerous it was before Roe. We can't go back to those days.
Government shutdowns should never be used as a negotiating tool. Their effects are too harmful, as we’re seeing with the 800,000 federal employees and contractors who are about to miss another paycheck. https://t.co/6CDpGw37FO
Allowing transgender individuals to serve has no negative effect on the military’s mission readiness. Our military is stronger when all Americans are allowed to serve openly and proudly. The Supreme Court should respect the rights of those willing to bravely serve our country.
#RoevWade is the foundation of our personal liberty and privacy rights. More than guaranteeing women the right to make their own health care decisions, the principles enshrined in Roe guarantee all Americans the ability to be in relationships with and marry who they love. #Roe46
Federal employees shouldn’t be used as pawns. We can’t continue to ask federal workers to be furloughed or work without pay every time the president doesn’t get his way. That’s why I plan to vote yes on the House Democratic plan to reopen the government. https://t.co/wqc9oszx77
The White House and Senate Republicans are trying AGAIN to repeal humanitarian and due process protections for unaccompanied immigrant children. Read my @PostOpinions op-ed on why I wrote the law creating these protections. https://t.co/uCye5zLUZB
Congratulations to the #LARams on locking down a trip to the Super Bowl! Looking forward to facing the @Patriots in two weeks. Yet another matchup with @SenKamalaHarris against Massachusetts Senators @SenWarren and @SenMarkey! Good luck! #SBLIII
In 1994, Congress established #MLKDay as a national day of service to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s lifelong dedication to equality for all. Find a volunteer opportunity near you and help keep Dr. King’s legacy alive. https://t.co/lfzgyZzb0M
If you’re affected by the shutdown, I want to hear your story. You can submit them on my website: https://t.co/oocr5hNRty #ShutdownStories
I’m proud to once again cosponsor legislation raising the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. This is a commonsense idea to raise the standard of living for millions of hardworking Americans. We must #RaiseTheWage. https://t.co/HmHJgfeezL
Californians have been writing to me about the difficulties they’re facing because of President Trump’s shutdown. Keep sending me your stories. You can submit them on my website here: https://t.co/oocr5hNRty #ShutdownStories
President Trump’s wall does not address the real challenges we face securing our border. On top of the fact that illegal crossings are at record lows, the use of border tunnels show how easily a physical wall can be circumvented.	https://t.co/JpZTFN9GSh
The Mueller investigation and congressional oversight must be allowed to run without interference. I again call on my Republican colleagues to join in a bipartisan effort to get the facts to the American people. https://t.co/Y7C71qIYGB
We’ve known about attempts to develop Trump Tower Moscow and the misrepresentations surrounding those efforts. Now, reports say President Trump directed Michael Cohen to lie to Congress about that deal. If true, the president committed a crime and must be held accountable.
President Trump’s shutdown is hurting American families and our economy. Californians have written in to my office with heart wrenching stories of the difficulties they face daily. There’s no need to keep harming Americans. It’s time to end this shutdown. #ShutdownStories https://t.co/Hpg7keCASa
I’ve received many heartbreaking letters from Californians struggling as a result of the president’s shutdown. I’ll be sharing some on my account in the coming days. If you’d like to tell your story, submit it here: https://t.co/oocr5hwgC0 #ShutdownStories
Based off projections from President Trump’s own experts, our economy is losing nearly $1 billion in lost output every hour this shutdown continues. We need to end this shutdown before it does irreparable harm to small businesses and the economy as a whole. https://t.co/EpceWWPwHt
More than 800,000 furloughed federal workers are struggling to pay their bills, but rather than reopen the government, Senate Republican leaders are instead prioritizing legislation to attack women’s health. It’s unacceptable.
Farmers throughout California struggle mightily to find workers, and we all know that backbreaking farm labor is performed largely by undocumented immigrants. Today @RepZoeLofgren and I introduced legislation to provide undocumented farmworkers a path to citizenship.
I’m glad our bill guaranteeing federal employees back pay once the shutdown ends has been signed into law, but we can’t forget about the federal contract workers who are also going without pay due to the president's shutdown. We have a bill for their pay too. Now, let’s pass it. https://t.co/yqLCkCtqJ6
Congratulations to the @SFGMC on acquiring a permanent home and for establishing a national #LGBT Center for the Arts! It has been incredible to see you grow over the past 40 years. I can't wait to see what you do next. #SFGMC
The administration’s own National Climate Assessment found that the amount of land burned in wildfires over the past 30 years is double what it would have been if our climate weren’t changing. https://t.co/996kh6eEt7
It’s troubling that acting EPA Administrator Andrew Wheeler testified before the Senate that forest management, not climate change, was the biggest cause of California’s recent wildfires. It’s downright dangerous for this administration to continue to ignore climate change.
NEW: A report by the HHS inspector general finds the total number of immigrant children separated from their families by DHS remains UNKNOWN and that thousands more children may have been separated. Trump’s policy of tearing families apart must end. https://t.co/HT32r07o8w
Horrible attack in Nairobi perpetrated by Al-Shabab. I’m saddened to hear an American, Jason Spindler, lost his life. A former Peace Corps volunteer, he devoted his life to international development, most recently with San Francisco based I-DEV. My thoughts to his family.
I’m disappointed Republicans voted to let President Trump lift sanctions on Oleg Deripaska, who claims to represent the Russian state &amp; whose role in Russian interference in the 2016 election is unclear. Sanctions must not be lifted until Mueller releases a report &amp; we know more.
Heartbroken to hear of an ISIS attack in Syria that killed four Americans. A painful reminder of the sacrifices U.S. personnel continue to make in defense of our country. My condolences to their families in this difficult time. https://t.co/rTrdf7l0Nz
If you’re a federal worker in California affected by Trump’s shutdown, the California Credit Union League’s list of resources may be helpful. Many credit unions are offering assistance to members. https://t.co/y0yhqKgWZc
Important ruling yesterday on legality of census citizenship question. The question is clearly intended to suppress participation of immigrant communities. The census is vital for determining funding &amp; congressional representation. It must not be politicized. https://t.co/cDCrDkbCuo
The FDA plays a crucial role in ensuring our food is safe to eat, but due to President Trump’s shutdown, crucial food inspections are not being done. This is a serious risk to consumer health and safety and underscores why this shutdown must end. https://t.co/D4qOidnNQo
On what would be his 90th birthday, we remember Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and his work to advance equality and end poverty in America. We’re forever indebted to him for his perseverance and wisdom. #MLK90
BREAKING: @CoveredCA has extended open enrollment. If you start your application by midnight tonight you have until January 18. Make sure you get your application started and find a health plan that fits your needs. https://t.co/K34kUnuWDE
If you’re a federal worker in California affected by President Trump’s shutdown, you can apply for state unemployment insurance. Governor Newsom has directed @CA_EDD to streamline processing of claims. You can find more information and apply here: https://t.co/mVMkpEoZmc
“The next attorney general must resist pressure from the administration, or Congress, to conduct investigations for political purposes. He must have the integrity, strength, and fortitude to tell the president “no,” regardless of the consequences.” https://t.co/5q1vQKQ8Ek
“Now, perhaps more than ever before, the country needs an attorney general who will uphold the rule of law, defend the independence of the Justice Dept., and truly understand their job is to serve as the people’s lawyer—not the president’s lawyer.” https://t.co/3OXoVe1e1d
RT @SenateDems: You must have the integrity, the strength, and the fortitude to tell the president no, regardless of the consequences.		In…
LIVE: The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on the nomination of William Barr to be attorney general. https://t.co/F6dwfHPAp3
Acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker’s decision to disregard the advice of career DOJ ethics officials to recuse himself from oversight of the Mueller investigation is disconcerting. We’re asking the DOJ to completely review its internal ethics processes and procedures. https://t.co/qv3YxXxhaY
Following record-breaking fires, our states should be preparing for the next wildfire. But vital fire-prevention work is not getting done because of President Trump’s shutdown. This undermines our ability to respond to wildfires and puts lives at risk. https://t.co/HHq8Vgr7JD
Fact check: Drugs most responsible for the current epidemic like heroin and fentanyl are largely smuggled through ports of entry. A border wall would not stop these drugs from coming into the country. https://t.co/TApsEe8eXG
This is just the latest evidence that we must act quickly to reduce harmful emissions. California has shown this is possible. The Trump administration should follow our lead instead of ignoring science and denying climate change exists.	https://t.co/CKPAImSQkn
Our greenhouse gas emissions have been warming the oceans even more than we thought, and one-fifth of all corals have died in the past three years. We are changing the nature of the planet. https://t.co/wXLSgxOlZP
Californians have until January 15th  to enroll in health insurance through @CoveredCA. https://t.co/WhEXkNRxfa
It’s becoming increasingly clear that President Trump is incapable of grasping the reality of the situation. It’s time for Senate Republicans to join us and vote to reopen the government before the president’s shutdown causes more harm. https://t.co/zLcoI6J4Fz
All of this fear and uncertainty could end if President Trump would just drop his unreasonable demand for a useless border wall. Democrats have repeatedly offered to let the rest of the government reopen while we continue negotiations over stronger border security measures.
President Trump’s shutdown is now the longest in U.S. history. As it drags on, more and more Californians are feeling the harmful effects. Yet President Trump refuses to listen to reason, seemingly unable to understand the real pain his shutdown is causing.
Holding detainees at Guantánamo is counter to our national security interests and is a drain on the taxpayers that has cost more than $5 billion. It’s time to close this prison once and for all and I continue to reject any proposal to expand it.
17 years ago the first detainees arrived at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. I have since called on the Bush, Obama and Trump administrations to remove the detainees and prosecute them in federal criminal court and close the facility.
Whether you’re a victim or have knowledge of a potential case, you can call the national hotline 24/7 by dialing 1-888-373-7888 ( TTY: 711) or texting 233733. #HumanTraffickingAwarenessDay
Sex trafficking is reprehensible, and the Trafficking Victims Protection Act we passed last month builds on efforts to combat trafficking. Along with renewing programs, it allows the Justice Dept. to get court orders forcing traffickers to remove their ads for underage girls.
President Trump’s shutdown is now tied for the longest in U.S. history. There’s no reason why federal employees should be held hostage over his demands for a wall. The president should reopen the government first, then sit down with Congress to negotiate funding for DHS.
Fact check: Nearly half of all undocumented immigrants come to the United States legally but then overstay their visas. A border wall would do nothing to curb visa overstays.
Fact check: Unauthorized crossings at the Southern border have been at their lowest levels due to investments in border security over the past two decades. In 1994, CBP reported more than 1 million apprehensions. In 2017, that number was just over 300,000.
Federal contract workers are some of the most vulnerable to hardship as a result of a government shutdown and, historically, they have not received back pay once the government reopens. We’re fighting to ensure they aren’t penalized for a shutdown they didn’t cause. https://t.co/6TvwoACU4f
Two California police officers, Ronil Singh and Natalie Corona, have been killed in the line of duty in the last two weeks. It’s a painful reminder of the dangers our law enforcement officials brave each and every day. My thoughts and condolences to their families.
President Trump is playing politics with people’s lives by threatening to withhold emergency aid from wildfire survivors. To make things worse, his shutdown has halted work to reduce wildfire risk right when we should be working to aggressively clear our forests of dead trees. https://t.co/ktVo8HaCBP
BREAKING: The Senate just passed a bill to make sure all federal employees receive back pay once the shutdown ends. It’s time for the president to reopen the government and stop holding federal workers hostage to his unrealistic border wall demands.
Protecting Special Counsel Mueller's work must be a top priority.  I’m pleased to again cosponsor legislation introduced by Senators @ChrisCoons, @LindseyGrahamSC, @ThomTillis and @CoryBooker to ensure there’s no political inference with the investigation. Let’s get it done!
Our amendment making it easier to report suspected child abuse in good faith, without fear of being sued, has been signed into law. I’m glad to see we’re ensuring medical personnel, educators and others who identify potential abuse can do so without fear of coming forward. https://t.co/ZrYr31Ecg8
Glad to join @SenKamalaHarris to reintroduce her bill this year. The Federal Reserve has enormous influence on our economy and we need to make sure its leadership is as diverse as our country.	https://t.co/00ITq11rw9
And it bans magazines and other ammunition feeding devices that hold more than 10 rounds of ammunition, which allow shooters to quickly fire many rounds without needing to reload. Information on all of the bill’s provisions can be found here: https://t.co/2sMmdPeSpJ
It also bans any assault weapon that accepts a detachable magazine and has one or more military characteristics including a pistol grip, a forward grip, a barrel shroud, a threaded barrel or a folding or telescoping stock.
That’s why I’m proud to introduce the Assault Weapons Ban of 2019. This bill bans the sale, manufacture, transfer and importation of 205 military-style assault weapons by name.
Americans across the nation are asking Congress to reinstate the federal ban on military-style assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. If we’re going to put a stop to mass shootings and protect our children, we need to get these weapons of war off our streets.
Last year we saw tens of thousands of students take to the streets to demand action to stop mass shootings and stem the epidemic of gun violence that plagues our communities. This generation has grown up with active-shooter drills, hiding under their desks. #EnoughIsEnough
The Camp Fire killed 86 people, destroyed 14,000 homes &amp; burned 150,000 acres. It’s absolutely shocking for President Trump to suggest he would deny disaster assistance to the victims. This empty threat is based on groundless complaints, and candidly isn’t worth the time of day. https://t.co/GfbxLQH7vI
Let’s reopen the government, make sure our citizens are paid and safe, then sit down at the negotiating table and reach a responsible compromise on these very real challenges. https://t.co/0xQcDBM0VD
Democrats support border security, more immigration court judges, policies to humanely hold immigrant families and increased funds for humanitarian programs, all mentioned by the president. In fact we’ve voted for legislation to implement them.
President Trump knows the majority of drugs come across at legal ports of entry, not unguarded spaces. He knows that illegal border crossings are at record lows, down 75 percent from 2000. Yet he continues to use these to justify his wall.
We face many challenges related to immigration, but a $20 billion border wall won’t fix any of them. Congress should act immediately to reopen the government and then negotiate responsible solutions. It’s why we were sent to Washington. https://t.co/KmwaXujEu4
The president claims that a wall is necessary to curb the flow of drugs into our country. Experience demonstrates that as walls go up, criminals go underground. More than 200 illicit cross-border tunnels have been discovered in the U.S. since 1990. https://t.co/KmwaXuBfSE
Cutting emissions is central to the fight against climate change. Despite declining in recent years, U.S. emissions have jumped by 3.4%. The Trump administration is taking us in the wrong direction. We need leadership that will build on California’s efforts, not work against us. https://t.co/LVilDz9iSI
I’m proud to join my colleagues on a bill to expand background checks to unlicensed, private gun sales. We’ve seen mass shooters exploit this loophole time after time. The vast majority of Americans support this commonsense measure. Let’s get this done. https://t.co/xuX36smbLw
Immigrant families are fleeing horrific violence in Central America, but contrary to the president’s claims, many are turning themselves in at ports of entry to request asylum, not trying to cross the border illegally. https://t.co/KmwaXuBfSE
Great read from a former counterterrorism head under Presidents Bush, Obama &amp; Trump. “Anyone in authority using this argument to bolster support for building the wall … along the southern border is most likely guilty of fear mongering &amp; willfully misleading the American people.” https://t.co/t4PFn17A5o
It’s also a fact that nearly half of all undocumented immigrants come to the United States legally but then overstay their visas. A border wall would do nothing to curb visa overstays, a legitimate issue that should be addressed. https://t.co/KmwaXuBfSE
The president claims that we’re experiencing a border crisis, but he’s wrong. Unauthorized crossings have been at their lowest levels. In 1994, CBP reported more than 1 million apprehensions. In 2017, that number was just over 300,000.” https://t.co/KmwaXuBfSE
I’m glad to see a bill providing $12 billion in disaster assistance has been introduced in the House. After a devastating wildfire season, victims need long-term assistance and this is a good first step.
I’d like to extend a warm congratulations to all California statewide officeholders being sworn in today. Very glad to see so many San Franciscans sent to Sacramento to work for our great state!
I fail to see why this legislation is a priority during the government shutdown. The Senate has a responsibility to uphold the Constitution and keep the government running—this bill does neither. https://t.co/Bb7YYGH14X
Instead of wasting time on this unconstitutional bill, the Senate should instead focus on reopening the government by voting on the federal funding package the House passed last week.
The Israel anti-boycott legislation being brought before the Senate tomorrow would give states a free pass to restrict First Amendment protections for millions of Americans. Despite my strong support for Israel, I oppose this bill because it clearly violates the Constitution.
Congratulations to Governor @GavinNewsom on being sworn in today! I look forward to working with you on the fight for California values and priorities.
It was an honor to be sworn in today for another term. I’m excited to get back to work for California and the country. https://t.co/c6H8fiuIdA
In the meantime, the Senate should pass the bills approved by the House tonight—Agriculture; Commerce, Justice and Science; Financial Services; Interior; State and Foreign Operations; Transportation-HUD; and the extension for the Homeland Security Dept. Let’s end this shutdown.
These bills would end President Trump’s shutdown, which is currently harming more than 800,000 federal employees. President Trump said he plans to meet with Democratic congressional leaders again tomorrow. I’m hopeful they can reach an agreement to end this impasse.
The House is scheduled to take two votes tonight. The first will fully fund six of the seven federal spending bills causing the shutdown. The second will reopen the Department of Homeland Security for a month, giving us time to negotiate a full-year spending bill.
Congratulations to my dear friend @SpeakerPelosi on once again making history as she takes the Speaker’s gavel. I look forward to working with her and the new Democratic House majority to fight for California’s priorities.
Excited to see our earthquake early warning system finally go live. Angelenos, make sure you download #ShakeAlertLA on your mobile device so you can stay safe in the event of an earthquake. https://t.co/k9EsStlUYu
Hundreds of American children are abducted to a foreign country every year, but the State Department is failing to use all available tools to pressure foreign governments to return them. We’re urging @SecPompeo to increase his department’s efforts to bring these kids home. https://t.co/V2LTpovaFp
Happy New Year! Wishing everyone a festive start to 2019.
After shutting down the government (making hundreds of thousands of federal workers go without pay over Christmas) and lying to soldiers in Iraq about a non-existent 10% raise, President Trump now says he’ll freeze pay for all federal workers next year. Unconscionable!
We’ll never help improve living conditions in those countries if we further isolate them, a fact that Trump refuses to acknowledge. Even members of his own administration say economic development in Central America is key to solving this crisis, but still he refuses to listen.
The only person who doesn’t understand why people are leaving El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras is Pres Trump. The violence &amp; poverty in those countries are forcing families to flee for their lives. A humanitarian crisis deserves a humanitarian response, not a heartless attack.
President Trump this morning once again attacked Mexico &amp; Central America, raising the specter of another so-called caravan to stoke fears of his political base and justify his ill-conceived border wall. His actions are irresponsible &amp; threaten to further destabilize the region.
Read my letter calling for a hearing on the deaths of two young children in Border Patrol custody this month. We must know more about the care and treatment of these children. https://t.co/oPHuOEkM9D
"I am writing to voice my strong concern about the recent deaths and illnesses of children detained in Border Patrol custody, and to request a full accounting and a revised protocol to prevent such tragedies from occurring in the future." https://t.co/D1HRXaXfP8
Happy start of #Kwanzaa to those celebrating across California and the U.S. I hope it’s a joyous holiday with family and friends.
Wishing California and everyone celebrating around the world a Merry Christmas! I hope your holidays are restful and full of joy.
During the holiday season, hundreds of thousands of federal workers and their families are now worrying when they'll receive their next paycheck. President Trump should honor his original agreement for a short-term funding bill to relieve their stress and reopen the government.
There are not 60 Senate votes for the $5 billion of wall funding approved by the House. The House should take up the Senate bill, which was passed unanimously.
I thank Secretary Mattis for his lifetime of service to our country, both as a military officer and as the secretary of defense.
Secretary Mattis is a respected leader with a clear-eyed understanding of international affairs. His counsel and steady hand will be sorely missed at a time when the president’s decision making is becoming increasingly erratic.
I’m alarmed by Secretary Mattis’ sudden resignation. His letter makes clear the president’s rash decision to withdraw troops from Syria and reduce our forces in Afghanistan endangers our allies and threatens our own national security.
The Senate unanimously passed legislation to keep the government open. Republican leadership in the House should put the Senate-passed bill on the floor for a vote.
A letter from the Justice Department makes clear that ethics officials told Matthew Whitaker that his comments disparaging Special Counsel Mueller's investigation DO create the appearance of a conflict of interest and he should recuse himself.
The ATF from 2003-2018 said it could not ban bump stocks through regulation. To ensure the ban is implemented and protected from legal challenges, Congress must pass legislation: https://t.co/yDpht9zeeO
Bump stocks allow semi-automatic rifles to fire at an automatic rate of between 400 and 800 rounds per minute. To ensure these deadly devices are banned, Congress must pass a law, not rely on DOJ regulations. https://t.co/yDpht9QPDo
Matthew Whitaker’s reported refusal to follow the recommendation of ethics officials further indicates that he views his role as serving President Trump, not the American people.
In November, I urged Chairman Grassley to hold an oversight hearing so that we could assess whether Matthew Whitaker’s appointment puts the Mueller investigation at risk. Today’s disturbing reports that he disregarded ethics officials creates even more reason for him to appear.
An issue of this significance should be addressed with a formal ethics opinion—not by handpicked political advisers—and the advice of career attorneys should be followed.  https://t.co/UZHowh7Idk
Gun groups have already sued to block the ban on bump stocks from taking effect. Congress must pass legislation to ban these dangerous devices. My @PostOpinions op-ed: https://t.co/yDpht9QPDo
The Justice Department has been under relentless attack by this president and it needs a leader able to defend the rule of law. The attorney general is charged with protecting the people, not the president. My statement on William Barr's memo: https://t.co/yQm7opb8XX
We need answers as to why William Barr proactively drafted a memo against Special Counsel Mueller's investigation. There’s no reason for a lawyer in private practice to do this unless he was attempting to curry favor with President Trump.
President Trump’s drastic cuts to Palestinian aid is forcing the U.N. to end food assistance to more than 190,000 people living in Gaza and the West Bank next year. Starving innocent Palestinian families won’t lead to peace. https://t.co/Dm2tHCuSwL
The Trump Organization’s pursuit of business abroad creates glaring conflicts of interest, with the president’s foreign policy decisions potentially being influenced by his personal financial interests. Important new report: https://t.co/BfD9NYnt19
The Trump administration continues to undermine protections for LGBTQ Americans, recently erasing OPM guidance for ensuring a positive workplace for transgender federal employees. We’re calling on OPM to restore these important guidelines to protect all federal employees'rights. https://t.co/vAxUJxpUlV
The #FirstStepAct also addresses racial disparities in our criminal justice system by allowing ALL prisoners sentenced under the old, discriminatory crack cocaine laws to reduce their sentence. Previously this applied only to those sentenced after the 2010 law was enacted.
I sat on 5,000 felony cases as a member of the California Women’s Board of Terms and Parole, and I saw firsthand the importance of judicial discretion. The #FirstStepAct makes vital changes that give judges more flexibility to sentence below mandatory minimums.
The Senate passed comprehensive criminal justice reform after years of effort. I proudly supported this bill, which reduces harsh mandatory minimums and helps prisoners prepare to return to their communities. #FirstStepAct
President Trump’s trade war is raising costs for American manufacturers and small businesses. If his administration won’t let them apply for tariff relief, Congress must act! https://t.co/iOVIcPAgid
The Justice Department has announced a rule banning bump stocks, but the gun lobby has already said it will sue to block the rule. We need to pass a law to ban these dangerous devices and Republicans must support my bill.
Customs and Border Protection must provide a detailed explanation of the circumstances surrounding the tragic death of Jakelin Caal Maquin and cooperate with an Inspector General investigation. My letter: https://t.co/DfdRkPYefp
IMPORTANT: The recent court ruling on the Affordable Care Act DOES NOT affect California's open enrollment. @CoveredCA has extended the deadline for Californians until December 21 to enroll in a plan that starts January 1. https://t.co/mWu8aFaru4
I’m glad to see the National Institutes of Health is funding two initiatives to research Valley Fever. 10,000 people are infected every year with this devastating fungal infection. This much-needed funding will support research on prevention, detection and treatment.
The Victims of Child Abuse Reauthorization Act passed the Senate this week with my provision to extend legal protections to those who assist with reports and investigations of child abuse, like pediatricians. This bill is a no-brainer and I hope the House will pass it quickly.
Remember if you need to start new health coverage by January 1, the deadline to sign up for a plan is December 15. Head to @CoveredCA to find a plan that fits your family today. In California you have until January 15 to select coverage that begins February 1.
A Texas district court on Friday endangered health care for millions of Americans. Not only does this ruling threaten coverage for pre-existing conditions, it would undo all consumer protections in the ACA and the expansion of Medicaid. My statement: https://t.co/rkpAMR01Wc
Families walking hundreds of miles across the desert for a chance for refuge in the U.S. are desperate. We owe them compassionate, humane treatment. We’ll be demanding answers from Commissioner McAleenan as to how this happened and what will be done to prevent future tragedies. https://t.co/88HXJnRH1V
Wishing a happy retirement to @CalFire_Chief Ken Pimlott after three decades of service as a firefighter, including eight years as head of @Cal_Fire. Ken, you handled a difficult job with bold leadership and an untiring work ethic. We’re going to miss you! https://t.co/t9UmV2lSXN
It’s heartbreaking and unacceptable that a 7-year-old girl died of dehydration and shock last week in Customs and Border Protection custody. It’s illegal and simply barbaric to deny water to a young girl in custody, particularly after they turned themselves in to authorities. https://t.co/x9WUcceQyZ
We haven’t forgotten the 26 lives lost at Sandy Hook, nor will we. We must pass commonsense gun laws to reduce gun violence and help prevent mass shootings from happening. The absolute least we owe those kids is real gun reform.
An entire generation of young people is growing up with the very real threat of gun violence at school. The number of gun deaths in this country rises every year. But we've done nothing to close loopholes that allow so many firearms to flood our streets.
Six years ago today, when 20 children and 6 teachers were gunned down at Sandy Hook Elementary School, I thought this is it, this is as low as we go. This is when we finally start to address the epidemic of gun violence. Sadly, that wasn’t the case and shootings have continued.
Congratulations to Anthea M. Hartig, the first woman to permanently lead the Smithsonian’s National Museum of American History! I’m sure you’ll bring the same bold leadership and vision you showed at the California Historical Society to Washington. https://t.co/eDeUNXMb20
The recently passed farm bill works for California. It helps our farmers stay competitive by increasing funding for specialty and organic crop research and provides support for food assistance for millions of families. https://t.co/I1kWzfbnqs
For too long the U.S. has turned a blind eye to the Saudi-led coalition’s actions in Yemen, including the recent bombing of a school bus full of children. Today’s vote is an unmistakable signal that the Senate is paying attention and won’t support continued U.S. involvement. https://t.co/3vfyeA8P6l
If you’re tired of getting relentless robocalls from spammers and fraudsters, call your senators and ask them to support the REAL PEACE Act. Let’s finally put illegal robocallers out of business. #REALPEACE https://t.co/51LxOawqPU
Due to an outdated loophole, the FTC is unable to go after illegal robocallers despite fraudulent activity that scams Americans out of $9.5 billion a year. Our bill, the REAL PEACE Act, closes this loophole so the FTC can enforce existing laws &amp; move against illegal robocallers.
Does it feel like you’re getting more robocalls than ever before? If so, you’re not wrong. New technology is making it easier and cheaper for illegal robocallers to call you. A record 3.36 billion spam calls were made last April. That’s almost 1,300 calls every second!
I’m thrilled to see our bill, the CyberTipline Modernization Act, pass the House and head to the president’s desk to become law. https://t.co/itH7f9wb2Z
Child abduction and abuse are heinous crimes, and the CyberTipline is critical in the fight to stop them. Last year they received more than 10 million tips of potential crimes. Our bill improves coordination with law enforcement &amp; responds to the use of the internet by predators.
4.2 million currently uninsured could get insurance and pay $0 after tax credits are applied. Open enrollment ends nationally on December 15th, so head to https://t.co/JQfc0cYt2w today to see if you qualify. And in California you can get insurance via @CoveredCA until Jan 15th. https://t.co/Qr5wAlM3LN
Voters deserve to know who is trying to influence them. By eliminating the requirement for tax-exempt organizations to disclose donors, the Trump administration is inviting illegal foreign money in our elections. I’m proud the Senate voted to restore this vital requirement. https://t.co/0214V0UAg0
Given the role of Wikileaks in election interference efforts and reports of Paul Manafort visiting Julian Assange, we’re calling on Secretary Pompeo to brief us on his recent meeting with Ecuadorian officials. The public deserves answers on foreign interference in our elections. https://t.co/6hYW1XiWlW
Gun deaths increased again in 2017. We must do more to lower these numbers. Studies show that commonsense gun laws WILL decrease gun deaths. Republicans should join us in expanding background checks and passing other gun safety laws NOW. #EnoughIsEnough https://t.co/keIV5lohWy
Most of the Arctic’s summer ice is now gone, and what’s left is young and brittle – less than four years old. When this ice is gone, the oceans will start warming even faster. The planet is sounding the alarm on climate change. We need to pay attention. https://t.co/5DJwScsHi5
Four out of five Californians enrolled in health plans through @CoveredCA get federal subsidies to help lower their premiums. Follow these steps to find out if you’re eligible https://t.co/of1vHATOUr and remember to sign up by Dec 15th for coverage that starts Jan 1st.
As we continue to recover from the worst wildfire season on record, this bill will allow the U.S. Forest Service to work with California to expedite the removal of dead trees from our forests and reduce the risk of deadly wildfire in our communities. https://t.co/aaGkrClxlV
We’re the largest agricultural state in the country. We need a farm bill that works for Californian crops, and that’s exactly what this farm bill does. It helps our farmers stay competitive by funding specialty and organic crop research to develop more efficient growing methods.
The farm bill the Senate just passed is a big win for California. It invests in the crops we grow, protects important nutrition programs that feed millions of American families, gives the Forest Service new tools to prevent and combat deadly wildfires and rejects harmful riders.
President Trump’s deployment of military troops to the southern border is costly, unlawful and unnecessary. More significantly, the administration’s decision to authorize the military to use lethal force against migrants is a clear violation of U.S. law. https://t.co/30BBtXRI0R
If you’re currently uninsured, take a few minutes to find out if you qualify for federal assistance. Whether you’re looking for new coverage or to change health plans, open enrollment is running in California through January 15. https://t.co/of1vHATOUr https://t.co/ed77ikKmVs
.@Cadiz_Inc can’t hide behind its flawed environmental review any longer. The @CaliforniaDFW confirmed what I’ve said all along: Cadiz’s environmental review is insufficient &amp; can’t be used to justify draining the Mojave of its most vital resource—water. https://t.co/tVTPAVdj8j
Happy 202nd birthday to the Senate Judiciary Committee, authorized on December 10, 1816. It’s an honor to serve on one of the Senate’s original 10 committees. https://t.co/NMzJzcAx9i
70 years ago the U.N. adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, an effort spearheaded by Eleanor Roosevelt. It’s a good time to reflect on the value of international cooperation and engagement. #HumanRightsDay
Minorities often end up paying thousands of dollars more to buy a car due to discriminatory pricing and loan terms from auto dealers. CFPB issued guidelines to protect consumers, but Republicans repealed them. If the CFPB won’t protect minority car buyers, then the FTC must. https://t.co/ZgzLQ6XT9t
I’m glad this bill has been signed into law and that victims will now be ensured appropriate compensation for their continued harm.
Abuse associated with child pornography harms victims for life. The Amy, Vicky and Andy Child Pornography Victim Assistance Act addresses the glaring loophole that leaves victims unable to secure proper restitution.
It’s past time to end the marketing of addictive products to our youth. That’s why we’re urging the FDA to move quickly to ban menthol cigarettes, end the marketing of all tobacco products to youth and remove all flavored tobacco products, including e-cigarettes, from the market. https://t.co/h2G0RpD3Gf
It’s not all bad news, California has mandated that 50 percent of its electricity must be from renewable sources by 2030, and we’re actually ahead of schedule and on track to reach that deadline by 2020. More must be done, but that’s certainly a move in the right direction. https://t.co/CrvTHTsc0k
We have to come to terms with the new reality of severe wildfire seasons. The recent Camp Fire, which is the largest fire California has ever had burned down an astonishing 15,000 homes. https://t.co/cf6fxIFd0c
During the recent California drought, many areas, including the Central Valley which produces the majority of the nation’s fruits and vegetables, had to depend on groundwater pumping that will not always be available and will take longer to replenish due to global warming. https://t.co/pk98xegROa
Antarctica holds 90 percent of the world’s ice, and the rate of ice melting and calving increased six-fold from 1994 to 2012. A six-time increase in ten years. If the West Antarctic ice sheet collapses it will eventually raise sea levels worldwide by 10 feet. https://t.co/EEelKMBJIU
Climate change is already threatening our coastal cities. San Francisco’s historic waterfront is being threatened and the seawall is in need of upgrading to handle stronger storms. This is what we can expect as temperatures continue to rise. https://t.co/D7bPByBPug
THREAD: The effects of climate change are already manifesting themselves around us. From record-breaking fire seasons to drought and sea-level rise, California is witnessing a preview of things to come if we don’t act now to fight global warming. It’s #TimeToWakeUp.
Thanks for inviting me @SenWhitehouse! It was a pleasure to have a discussion about climate change. We’ve got to get serious if we’re going to save our states from rising seas, intense droughts and raging wildfires. https://t.co/Kae8NO2Wx6
The American Bar Association said of Kobes: “None of the writing that we reviewed is reflective of complex legal analysis, knowledge of the law, or ability to write about complex matters in a clear and cogent manner — qualities that are essential for a circuit court judge.”
Kobes has filed briefs in only two appeals, yet he’s been nominated to serve on an appellate court where he would write dozens of opinions a year. Circuit courts are where most Americans receive final justice. They deserve to have qualified, experienced judges presiding.
The Senate will vote on yet another nominee the American Bar Association rates “not qualified.” Jonathan Kobes, age 44, is nominated to a lifetime appointment to the Eighth Circuit. He’s never been a judge, has tried only SIX cases, and has argued only ONE appeal – 15 years ago.
It’s critical that the next attorney general be independent, committed to the rule of the law and able to stand up to President Trump. William Barr must commit to supporting Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation and allowing him to follow the facts.
Its been 77 years since that fateful day and we haven’t forgotten. We’ll be eternally grateful for the sacrifice so many made at Pearl Harbor in defense of their country.
One year ago the Thomas Fire burned nearly 282,000 acres in Santa Barbara County. While we must fight climate change, our state must also be prepared for fires, mudslides and other extreme weather events. Important @SBIndyNews piece by @LauraBCapps: https://t.co/wfmqktrEDX
WATCH: I’m discussing climate change with @SenWhitehouse on the Senate floor. https://t.co/Q5kAgojsxJ
There’s no doubt the Saudi crown prince was complicit in the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. This barbaric murder in a diplomatic facility must be met with the strongest condemnation. I urge the president to review all the intelligence, including the tape, and forcefully respond.
Health care can be complicated and varies state by state. Watch this explainer from @CoveredCA to learn how California handles health care and the best way to find the coverage that’s right for your family. https://t.co/IUexPXslcx
Yet another sign of the dire situation we find ourselves in with global warming. At a time when we should be doing everything in our power to cut emissions, they’re growing at a dramatic rate.  Every new ton of emissions makes our job harder, but we won’t be deterred. https://t.co/XjxlZdysMl
The impartiality and credibility of DOJ’s leadership are of national importance. To maintain the public’s trust, we urge prompt, complete and public responses to the issues we raise concerning Acting Attorney General Whitaker’s conflicts of interest. https://t.co/1HWv32RX8a
If you’re new to health care coverage or looking for a different plan, open enrollment runs in California until January 15. Make sure to sign up by December 15 if you need coverage to start by January 1, 2019 . Financial assistance may be available. https://t.co/w3q2mLHvYt
Roger Stone’s attorney sent a letter this week stating Stone won’t provide documents or appear for an interview before the committee. https://t.co/csC3TG1BPH https://t.co/oRbpE0qjEw
Education Secretary DeVos’ proposal to rewrite campus sexual assault guidelines will harm survivors and likely discourage many from ever coming forward. Leave a comment and tell the Education Dept. we don’t want these protections gutted. #HandsOffIX https://t.co/Vfa4xdW82X
U.S. citizen children are eligible for health insurance coverage, but President Trump’s plan to bar legal immigrants from green cards is keeping immigrant parents from signing them up. https://t.co/Y1t06acYhn
Happy #Hanukkah to all those celebrating in California and across the world! I hope everyone enjoys a Festival of Lights surrounded by friends and family.
President Bush’s ‘Thousand Points of Light’ speech talked about how we must have a compassionate White House and that empathy should play a role in every president’s decisions. My thoughts are with the country and his loving family. He’ll be missed.
But his service started many years before. An World War II pilot, member of Congress, U.N. ambassador, CIA director and vice president, George Bush dedicated his life to public service. I was also proud to work with him and Barbara on the National Dialogue on Cancer.
There’s no question that George H.W. Bush led our country through a time of turmoil. The fall of the Soviet Union and the Gulf War were both defining moments that continue to shape our nation today.
In 1993, the Brady Bill established background checks and a waiting period on gun purchases, despite NRA efforts to stop it. Commonsense gun reform defeated special interest groups 25 years ago and it can do so again today. #EnoughIsEnough
Saddened to hear of Audrey Stone’s passing. He was a fierce advocate for economic justice and we owe much to his work founding the California Black Chamber of Commerce. My thoughts are with his family and loved ones in their time of loss.
BREAKING: Two Republican senators have joined all Senate Democrats to reject Tom Farr’s nomination. Someone with a long history of suppressing African-American voters does NOT belong on the federal bench.
However, it’s clear we have not received all the information that’s responsive.  I urge my colleagues across the aisle to step up, and join us in completing our Committee’s investigation and in protecting the Special Counsel.
I have sent multiple requests for documents and interviews to Michael Cohen, Felix Sater and others involved in Trump’s business dealings with Russia. We have received some useful information in response, including a number of the documents mentioned in today’s court filing.
Cohen admitted to working with Russian government officials on a real estate deal for Trump, and doing so well into the presidential campaign. Cohen also admitted to briefing Trump and his family repeatedly about the status of the Trump Tower Moscow project.
THREAD: Michael Cohen’s guilty plea directly implicates President Trump and raises serious questions about whether he has been honest with the American people about his ties to Russia.
I hope Republicans will hold the administration accountable. We must ensure these children are treated humanely. https://t.co/H9fx1m1aLp
Unaccompanied children should be treated humanely and kept safe. The Trump administration isn’t meeting these basic standards. It’s troubling that the administration won’t fingerprint staff for background checks, but fingerprints relatives who pick up children to scare them away.
Cohen’s sworn admission shows that the Trump family did have business dealings in Russia despite President Trump’s repeated statements to the contrary. It raises serious questions about the president’s relationship with Russia and whether he and his family have been honest. https://t.co/wiD5LMAQ1O
Thomas Farr has built a career on voter suppression. He does not belong on a federal court. https://t.co/s5JffhFRuJ
Voting to remove U.S. forces from Yemen will send a clear message that we’ll no longer be complicit in this conflict. Without congressional authorization, all U.S. forces supporting the coalition’s war should be withdrawn. That’s why I support the Sanders-Lee resolution. https://t.co/CkZYPCqJeS
The president’s climate change denials ignore a mountain of evidence that shows we’re running out of time to slow the effects of global warming. We can’t afford to pretend the science is anything but conclusive. We must act now and do so decisively. https://t.co/ZtIYfWkduC
RT @SenFeinstein: Thomas Farr has built a career on the suppression of African-American voters and defended a discriminatory voter ID law t…
So there’s good reason the Congressional Black Caucus, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, dozens of other organizations and all 49 Democrats are opposed to Mr. Farr’s nomination. Tom Farr does not belong on a federal court.
In both cases the courts disagreed. In fact, in striking down the Voter ID law, the Fourth Circuit said that the law’s requirements “target African Americans with almost surgical precision.”
Mr. Farr has remained active in efforts to depress &amp; dilute African-American voting. In 2013 he defended North Carolina’s congressional &amp; legislative districts, which were redrawn to reduce the power of African-American voters. And in 2016 he defended a restrictive voter ID law.
Farr was a part of a campaign that mailed 120,000 postcards almost exclusively to African-American voters with false information designed to decrease turnout. When I asked if he was involved he denied any knowledge, but press reports &amp; a DOJ memo outline his efforts at that time.
Republicans used their blue slips to block these nominees and hold open the seat for over a decade. Now, President Trump has nominated Tom Farr, who has a long history of opposition to voting rights. He’s been a leader in suppression of African-American voters in North Carolina.
THREAD: Tom Farr is nominated to a district court seat that’s been vacant for 12 years because Republicans refused to confirm anyone for the entire Obama administration. Obama nominated two highly-qualified African-American women to this very seat.
Celebrate #NativeAmericanHeritageMonth by diving into the rich culture and history of Native Americans in California and across the country.  https://t.co/bhJUVRsA8x
Thomas Farr has built a career on the suppression of African-American voters and defended a discriminatory voter ID law that judges said “target African-Americans with almost surgical precision.” He does not belong on the federal court. https://t.co/zqNU2u98q1
In 1977, Harvey Milk’s election marked a moment of hope and progress not only for San Francisco, but the entire nation. It’s truly a testament to his legacy that he is so warmly remembered 40 years after his assassination. Today, we celebrate what Harvey stood for.
In 2016, Farr also defended North Carolina’s restrictive voter ID law in federal court. The court struck down the law and STRONGLY disagreed with Farr’s defense, noting that its requirements “target African Americans with almost surgical precision.”
In fact, two of three federal judges held that the state’s congressional redistricting plan violated the 14th Amendment’s equal protection clause.
Farr vigorously defended racial gerrymandering in a case where a three-judge panel in the Middle District of North Carolina found “that race was the predominant factor motivating the drawing of all challenged [state legislative] districts.”
The Congressional Black Caucus expressed its strong opposition to Farr’s nomination, writing that “Farr has amassed a record that puts him at the forefront of an extended fight to disenfranchise African-American voters.”
Important: The Senate this week is voting on the nomination of Tom Farr, who has a long record of supporting laws to restrict the voting rights and representation of African Americans. All @SenateDems oppose his nomination. We need just two Republicans to vote NO.
I strongly support Maria’s application for an H1-B visa so she can return to her children and job as an oncology nurse. Please RT to show your support. https://t.co/ZdHzCWDvcx
Happy Thanksgiving! Wishing everyone a restful holiday surrounded by family and friends.
Allowing students from all over the world to study in the United States is one of the best ways to foster democracy. Deporting students for minor, technical errors only harms our schools, employers and economy. https://t.co/HeJBmCpw8e
Corporations have spent more than $880 billion on stock buybacks in 2018 thanks to the #GOPTaxCuts. CEOs and the wealthiest few are getting richer while workers’ wages are barely keeping up with inflation. https://t.co/uELu1L8jiN
Using our military men and women as political pawns to support an anti-immigrant agenda is a low point, even for this president.
These soldiers spent weeks away from home and the Pentagon wasted millions of taxpayer dollars so President Trump could stoke fears of asylum seekers and try to influence election results.
President Trump’s charade of deploying troops to the border based on security needs is over. Now that they’re coming home, the White House is all but admitting the president used our troops for political reasons. https://t.co/HvlTbkjgmx
Human rights is more than just a phrase, it has to mean something. And that means standing up and condemning a brazen murder by a foreign government. Everyone who played a role in this killing must be held accountable.
I plan to vote against any future arms sales and appropriation to Saudi Arabia. I also believe that the United States should consider sanctions against the crown prince and that the Saudi ambassador to the United States should not be allowed to continue in that role.
I’m shocked that President Trump said there will be no punishment for Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman for the killing of Jamal Khashoggi. https://t.co/WTG14cKHGt
President Trump claimed the #GOPTaxCuts would lead to record job creation. Instead, the 1,000 largest public companies have collectively eliminated almost twice as many jobs as they created since the tax law was passed. We must do better!	https://t.co/1Tx1hIrCax
Celebrate the 155th Anniversary of the Gettysburg Address today with the Library of Congress. Explore the original copies and take part in their live reading here:  https://t.co/wtd80KSTTS
To apply for FEMA wildfire assistance you’ll need several documents including:	 	Social Security number	Insurance coverage information	Bank account and routing numbers	 	If you have lost documents in the fire, contact my office at 415-393-0707 for assistance requesting new ones.
Eligible blood and platelet donors are encouraged to schedule an appointment to give by using the Blood Donor App, visiting https://t.co/8gVeCzkQIP or calling 800-RED CROSS (800-733-2767). Every little bit helps as we try to help wildfire victims.
A Local Assistance Center is open in Thousand Oaks at the Grant R. Brimhall Library, 1401 E. Janss Road. The center is open until Tuesday, Nov. 20, from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. on weekdays and 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on weekends. To request transportation call 805-375-5467.
A Butte County Disaster Recovery Center is open. The center is located in the former Sears store at the Chico Mall, 1982 East 20th Street. The center will be open seven days a week from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.
If you’re returning to your homes after evacuation, please follow @CAL_FIRE’s guidelines for navigating your way back and what to do when you arrive. https://t.co/naN4Zs9INE
You can find the current status of evacuations here: https://t.co/4CHELHdp3n. Please review @CAL_FIRE’s latest information before deciding to return to your home.
If you’ve been forced to evacuate your home, locate an emergency shelter near you by texting “SHELTER” and your zip code to 43362 or calling 201 for information on local resources.
Federal funds are available right now to help wildfire victims with immediate needs. Those affected should register with FEMA as soon as possible online at https://t.co/gtwgF2rX1M or by calling 800-621-3362 or 800-462-7585 TTY.
Thank you for the visit Alex! I’m glad California has a Secretary of State who understands the importance of securing our elections and getting an accurate census count in 2020. Look forward to our next meeting. https://t.co/Jvio3eR6I8
It’s always great to see my friends from J Street. Had a valuable conversation about peace and the necessity to continue U.S. assistance to Israel and the Palestinians. https://t.co/rXXEX2ANlY
November is National Adoption Month. 117,000 foster youth are waiting for forever homes. Learn more about becoming a family that adopts: https://t.co/S6eLcFXWxT
As our economy evolves, it’s vital we foster a highly skilled workforce. Key to these efforts is equipping today’s youth with essential skills to work the jobs of the future. That’s why I’m proud to be a part of #NationalApprenticeshipWeek https://t.co/A2AZHANMg8
The Trump administration’s proposed rules governing sexual assault on college campuses will silence victims and schools will have less responsibility to keep students safe. We refuse to let this administration drown out the voices of victims in favor of their accusers. https://t.co/VauhoSw2F5
From preventive care to the challenges of the opioid crisis, rural areas face many health care challenges. #RuralHealthDay is a reminder of the exceptional work our health care providers in remote areas are doing &amp; the need to continue to support access to quality health care.
This #WorldPancreaticCancerDay, we recognize this deadly disease and the critical need for more research to improve early diagnosis and treatment options. Find out more here: https://t.co/tDOOqI0KHE
It’s been a pleasure working with @ArtieRodriguez all these years to improve the lives of California farmworkers. Congratulations to a dear friend on a well-earned retirement! https://t.co/tmy0udgmdN
Great to hear that #BatKid Miles Scott, San Francisco’s favorite crime fighter, is cancer free after five years of remission! Wonderful news. https://t.co/hgX32GD9zX
RT @CountyofButte: As access to areas affected by the #campfire become available, your health and safety is important. Areas destroyed by t…
A bet’s a bet. @SenKamalaHarris and I made good on our #WorldSeries bet today with @SenWarren and @SenMarkey. We’ll see you out on the field next year Boston! https://t.co/fJuCbRqgFj
As some evacuation orders are lifted and others remain in place, please verify with @CAL_FIRE before returning to your home and use caution if doing so. https://t.co/4CHELHv0rX
If you’ve been forced to evacuate due to the wildfires, text SHELTER and your zip code to 43362 to locate an open emergency shelter near you. Stay safe and continue to follow @CAL_FIRE for updates.
RT @CAL_FIRE: For those of you in areas affected by the #CampFire and #WoolseyFire, please use the information on the attached graphic to s…
Even if you don’t live in the path of the wildfires, be sure to heed local air quality warnings. Smoke from the larger fires continues to make the air in many areas unhealthy. https://t.co/tR10Rs2Ld7
Congratulations to both California finalists on being awarded grants! Both sites plan to use the funds for renovations, ensuring they’ll be around future generations to learn about their history supporting surrounding communities. https://t.co/505B3JHtVT https://t.co/9ZARgMoeQP
Valley Fever is a growing concern in California and climate change will allow it to further spread. My letter with @SenKamalaHarris requests more NIH research. https://t.co/52qEnn8q8T
RT @femaregion9: California: If you were impacted by the wildfires, you can register for FEMA assistance by visiting https://t.co/oOCxEm9IA…
California’s wildfires have been declared a major disaster, making federal assistance available for individuals and communities affected by these fires. If you need assistance, please don’t hesitate to contact my office. https://t.co/kAZSqHmXJ7
#VeteransDay is a great time to encourage service members in your life to take part in the Veterans History Project so we can preserve their stories for future generations. Find out more about this great program here: https://t.co/nDLK3AoEeH
Happy Veterans Day. Today, and every day, we thank our veterans for their patriotism and sacrifices in the name of our freedom. https://t.co/Y4XCgDw7Mx
Happy 243rd birthday to the Marine Corps! I hope all Marines around the globe enjoy a well-deserved celebration.
Winds are forecast to strengthen the wildfires. Please heed all evacuation orders and follow @CAL_FIRE for updates. You can find evacuation orders here: https://t.co/4CHELHv0rX
If you're in the path of the wildfires please follow @CAL_FIRE closely for evacuation information. These fires are growing and conditions are changing quickly. Please stay safe. https://t.co/4CHELHv0rX
Heartbroken to hear about the deaths in California from these latest fires. PLEASE follow all @CAL_FIRE evacuation orders closely. Learn more here: https://t.co/4CHELHv0rX
My thoughts are with all those affected by the fires burning across the state. Please heed any evacuation orders in your area. You can find information from @CAL_FIRE on all major fires and current evacuation orders here: https://t.co/4CHELHv0rX
Committees of the United States Congress are conducting investigations parallel to those of the Special Counsel’s office, and preservation of records is critical to ensure that we are able to do our work without interference or delay. https://t.co/dAFeVT6EDD
The Ninth Circuit has ruled that DACA is legal, contrary to the White House. This decision protects young Dreamers and holds the White House “democratically accountable to the public.” Another important court decision on this important program.
These mass murders are depressingly pervasive. Schools. Theaters. Malls. Offices. Synagogues. Grocery stores. Bars. Concerts. Churches. They’re inspired by racism, revenge, terrorism or just pure hatred. The one common attribute: easy access to guns. https://t.co/cuA7K34ZqM
Heartbroken to hear about the shooting in Thousand Oaks. I’m closely following developments. There is a Family Assistance and Reunification Center at 1375 E. Janss Rd in Thousand Oaks for those with loved ones involved as well as an emergency hotline (805) 465-6650.
The president has made abundantly clear that he’ll take any action he can to undermine the Mueller investigation. No one who lacks Senate confirmation should be placed in charge of this investigation, especially Matthew Whitaker who publicly criticized Mueller’s work last year. https://t.co/lXsCm5P3UA
We’re calling on @LincolnMilitary Housing to work with the Defense Department to immediately resolve these issues at Camp Pendleton https://t.co/Fhf6DcbGmy https://t.co/gQFXCOzcjF
Members of our military and their families sacrifice greatly to keep our nation safe. The very least we can do in return is ensure their housing is safe and sanitary. https://t.co/jb3qbJdpFJ
Harmful actions like expanding narrow and limited health care plans, a lawsuit to end protections for preexisting conditions, higher premiums, multiple votes on the Senate floor and now promises to pursue repeal again, that’s the Republican record on health care. Period.
Facts are facts: before the Affordable Care Act, 16% of Californians were uninsured, today it’s 7%. We’re still working to ensure everyone has affordable, quality health insurance but there’s no denying we’ve made incredible progress despite repeated attempts to repeal the ACA.
Today is the day! Get out and cast your ballot, voting is fundamental to our democracy. If you don’t know where your polling place is, find it here: https://t.co/fRcesko8o8
The brave women who came forward about Larry Nassar’s abuse must be taken seriously and all those responsible for allowing it to happen held accountable. This is a step in the right direction. The Olympic Committee must make sure that young gymnasts are protected. https://t.co/DT8fgGlTQM
Delighted to see 12 Californians among the 85 new members inducted into the National Academy of Medicine. Congratulations! I’m sure you’ll all make your home institutions throughout the state proud. https://t.co/ZVuEnr2knd
Republicans may claim they’ll protect coverage for preexisting conditions now, but they’re on the record voting REPEATEDLY to repeal them. Don’t take my word for it, just look at the voting record. https://t.co/DUlZNOlhrU
As open enrollment begins across the country, it’s a good time to remember that enrollment through @CoveredCA is also open for Californians. It’s a great opportunity to make sure your health plan fits your needs and to see if you qualify for federal subsidies. https://t.co/S1GOqRkK78
Not only is the president’s top economic advisor wrong about our bill to raise the minimum wage to $15, he also wants to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Democrats are fighting for fair pay and affordable health insurance while the GOP pledges obstruction.	https://t.co/GSOjRweZDc
As we head into Shabbat we stand together against anti-Semitism across the country. It’s a testament to what we have in common that so many people of different faiths are coming together to support the Jewish community after last week’s attack. #ShowUpForShabbat
President Trump continues to disparage immigrants seeking asylum with no evidence for his claims. These immigrants are mostly women and children. They'd be following the law—not breaking it—if they present themselves at a port of entry requesting asylum. https://t.co/BB4rDqSDlc
New numbers from HUD show a drop in homeless veterans in both California and across the nation. While this is encouraging news, we have much more work ahead of us. It will take all of us working together to end homelessness. https://t.co/7BAXkHYetM
The president is stoking fear about immigrants seeking asylum to score cheap political points. These families are fleeing violence in search of a better life. They are not an urgent national security threat.  https://t.co/BB4rDqSDlc
On average Latinas are paid 53 cents for every dollar earned by white men. And in California specifically, it drops to 43 cents. That’s appalling. We won’t settle for anything less than equal pay for equal work. #LatinaEqualPayDay
That’s also why we need the Homeless Children and Youth Act. It expands HUD’s definition of homelessness to better meet the needs of homeless children, youth and families. The bill would also let local communities decide how best to use federal funding to suit their needs.
We can’t help homeless children and youth without knowing how many are homeless and why they are homeless. Reports like this one lead to a more accurate count of America’s homeless youth, which is crucial to getting them housed. https://t.co/r1eDADMyj6
8,300 children are sent to emergency rooms with gunshot wounds every year. It’s clear the public health risk of guns needs to be studied. We already lifted the prohibition on CDC studying gun violence, now let’s actually fund a study. https://t.co/GAgGmo3UOR
There’s a reason the @Giants give the Willie Mac Award to the most inspirational players and home run balls land in McCovey Cove—Willie McCovey was the heart of the team for 19 years and one of its most beloved players. He’ll be greatly missed.
We must make sure the Violence Against Women Act has meaningful improvements that address the needs of victims and survivors. Women are speaking out about sexual harassment and assault like never before and they’re done tolerating the status quo. https://t.co/raBV0XR6Oo
New science shows the oceans are warming more than we thought. We may have to cut emissions 25% faster to avoid a disastrous 2°C of global warming. It’s time to stop pretending climate change isn’t a real threat—our future depends on it. https://t.co/Lj6ECyMr54
Our bill would require the FDA to regularly review the safety of widely-used ingredients currently found in products like shampoo, hair dye, nail polish and makeup. Current regulations have barely changed since 1938! It’s time for an update. https://t.co/YSUMtD2F4b
Great to see the FDA bar the use of lead acetate. This is an ingredient in some men’s hair dyes and exposure may be harmful. While this is a good first step, lead acetate is just one of many ingredients in personal care products that needs further safety evaluation.
These immigrants are only seeking a fair chance to make their case. They’d be following the law—not breaking it—if they present themselves at a port of entry requesting asylum. Giving the world’s most vulnerable people the opportunity for a better life is a bedrock American value https://t.co/mwaALuWyOM
Happy 40th birthday to the San Francisco Gay Men’s Chorus! It’s been a pleasure to see it grow from Jon Reed Sims’ gathering of 100 to the institution it is today. I can’t wait to see what you do in the years to come. @sfgmc
Congratulations to the @RedSox, @SenWarren and @SenMarkey on their #WorldSeries win. Looking forward to paying off our wager—but don’t get too confident, pitchers and catchers report in 16 weeks!
Proud of the @Dodgers and their hard-fought season. Thanks for taking California back to the World Series! #LADetermined
That’s why I support a public option based on Medicare and increased subsidies to achieve universal coverage. A public option would compete with private plans, offering lower rates, and providing real choices for consumers.
Still, there’s more to be done. We need to expand coverage to those who still lack quality, affordable insurance. And we need to work to bring prices down so that people aren’t forced to make tough decisions on paying the bills or paying for medical care or medicine.
Thanks to @CoveredCA, individuals now have a place to turn for quality coverage when they find themselves between jobs, self-employed, or without employer coverage. And many qualify for federal subsidies that help make coverage more affordable.
As open enrollment continues, it’s important to remember that California has seen great improvements in coverage as a result of the Affordable Care Act.  We’ve gone from a state with 16% uninsured in 2013 to 7% today.
Strong fuel-emissions standards save consumers money on gas, grow jobs in auto manufacturing and fuel-efficient technologies, and help the American auto industry compete internationally. The Trump administration’s proposal to freeze them makes no sense. https://t.co/dDMSPIZC6X
We must also do more to enact commonsense policies that would prevent dangerous people from getting weapons of war.
We can’t ignore the recent spike in hate crimes and the pervasive effect of giving a wink and a nod to hate groups and those who would commit violence. It is incumbent upon all of us to condemn the anti-Semitic hatred that led to this atrocity.
I’m heartbroken by the tragic shooting at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. This is an act of hate, plain &amp; simple. Hatred &amp; easy access to assault weapons has left at least 11 dead &amp; four police officers wounded. Only we let civilians so easily access weapons of war.
Happy Navy Day to all who have served. What a great way to round out Fleet Week in San Diego this weekend. Be sure to thank the service members in your life for their sacrifice.
If it weren’t for President Trump and the GOP’s sabotage of the Affordable Care Act, premiums would be 16% lower than they are today. Reintroducing junk plans and gutting the individual mandate are only serving to make health care more expensive. https://t.co/FHCk7c0XK3
Prevent prescription drugs from getting into the wrong hands. This Saturday is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Visit https://t.co/qZM5b1pyzK for more info and to find take back locations near you. #DEATakeBack
20 years after a vicious hate crime took his life, Matthew Shepard continues to inspire LGBT youth to live their authentic lives. I can think of no more fitting tribute to his life than his burial at the National Cathedral.
In addition to the damage already inflicted by President Trump’s trade war, next year’s losses could be as high as $9.8 billion for our farmers. His trade policies are hurting Americans more than they are China. https://t.co/jF1oL8eilu
Until now, the Judiciary Committee had never held a nominations hearing during extended recess without the minority’s consent. Republicans are stacking the courts with young, ideological judges who will undermine the rights of Americans for generations. https://t.co/R9Tq5Cm6ia
Facts are facts. Democrats created these protections that are supported by a huge majority of Americans, and we’ve been fighting to keep them in place ever since. We’ll continue to fight for universal coverage and more affordable care for all Americans. https://t.co/gdar28aW3g
Republicans in Congress failed in the past to repeal protections for those with preexisting conditions, so now they’re pushing a lawsuit that would achieve the same goal. Their goal is NO GUARANTEE of affordable coverage for individuals with preexisting conditions.
President Trump yesterday said Republicans “totally protect” Americans with preexisting conditions. WRONG! Republicans have spent the past 8 YEARS trying to repeal protections for preexisting conditions! Last week, Mitch McConnell said the GOP will try to repeal the ACA again.
In 2016, 6.2 million Americans misused prescription drugs. Prevent your prescription drugs from becoming part of the opioid crisis. Saturday is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Visit https://t.co/qZM5b1pyzK for locations near you. #DEATakeBack
My thoughts are with our fellow countrymen in the Northern Mariana Islands who are just beginning a long road to recovery after Super Typhoon Yutu. Please stay safe, we will be here to help in the aftermath of this massive storm.
Happy 73rd anniversary to the UN! The UN is an important venue to promote peace and cooperation worldwide. This is a great time to look back at everything the UN has accomplished and recommit ourselves to the its goals. https://t.co/rYdKgjALtI
Many Republicans refuse to admit that climate change is real, but hardworking Americans are seeing it affect their livelihoods already. From vanishing kelp forests and fish populations to increasingly intense wildfires, it’s clear we can’t wait to act. #ActOnClimate
The loss of these marine forests has been a hard blow to commercial fishermen and towns that thrive on tourism related to abalone and red urchin fishing. More communities are at risk as the climate continues to change.
This is what climate change looks like: Northern California has lost 93% of its underwater kelp forests in just five years. A marine heatwave helped trigger a population boom for purple urchins, which devoured the kelp. https://t.co/1bSLKHOVRd
More than 900,000 lbs. of prescription drugs have been taken off our streets this year thanks to programs like National Take Back Day. Do your part on October 27, visit https://t.co/qZM5b1pyzK for more info and to find take back locations near you. #DEATakeBack
Leaders have a responsibility to calm tensions, not inflame them. I urge everyone to be vigilant in the face of threats and thank all the law enforcement personnel who are protecting government and private sites from attack.
Sandra Day O’Connor is a legend. A 40-year career in public service that included 25 historic years on the Supreme Court. She is a trailblazer and a model for us all. I wish her all my best as she faces this latest challenge.
Proud to join @SenKamalaHarris in a #WorldSeries wager against @SenWarren and @SenMarkey. Dodger Dogs and LA’s famous guacamole against Boston clam chowder. Let’s go @Dodgers! #LADetermined
“Despite mounting evidence that Mr. Khashoggi, a peaceful critic of the Saudi government, was tortured and killed, the White House has continued to equivocate on the obvious and coddled Saudi leaders. [We] should speak firmly with a united voice—American values are not for sale.” https://t.co/Lm2mY9JcZX
24,000 American women are diagnosed with breast cancer every year. That’s why we keep fighting for more research. We’ve seen treatment come a long way in the 20 years since we established the Breast Cancer Research Stamp. Lower your risk and get screened. https://t.co/w3fbq5zpOW
This is why nearly 70% of Californians oppose offshore drilling. Congress should act quickly to pass the West Coast Ocean Protection Act, our bill to ban drilling along the Pacific coast.  It’s not IF an oil spill will happen, but WHEN. https://t.co/MUjpdLheBi
Congrats to the @Dodgers, headed back to the #WorldSeries for the 2nd straight year! Do California proud and bring it home! #LADetermined
California, today’s your last day to register to vote in November. Make sure your voice counts on Election Day. You can fill out the necessary form here: https://t.co/oeLo9WugwC
New research shows that many women with breast cancer can safely avoid side effects of chemotherapy without lowering survival rates. Glad to see this research was initially funded by the Breast Cancer Research Stamp a great way to support #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth.
Great news. Israel has indefinitely delayed the demolition of the Bedouin village of Khan al-Ahmar. https://t.co/oBbSX7EVVA
Republicans repealed the Affordable Care Act’s individual mandate, which ensures young, healthy individuals are covered, in their tax cut bill. Repealing the mandate means 378,000 fewer Californians will have health care and is responsible for 40% of this year’s rate increase.
He also pledged to reduce the deficit created by their tax cut for the wealthy by cutting Medicare and Medicaid. Repealing the Affordable Care Act and slashing federal health care programs, which cover more than 20 million Californians, would devastate care throughout the state.
However, Leader Mitch McConnell this week made clear that Republicans will again try to repeal the Affordable Care Act, jeopardizing health care for millions of Americans.
The Affordable Care Act has been an undeniable success in California, lowering the rate of uninsured from 17 percent to 6.8 percent. We must protect the progress we’ve made and build on it.
This study is the largest precision cancer medicine trial ever &amp; received $4.5 million in funding from the Breast Cancer Stamp. The stamp works as first class postage and has raised more than $86 million. #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth https://t.co/zPFyPzDNA7
The GAO released a report showing the Department of Education has denied loan forgiveness to an alarming 99.6% of individuals who applied to the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program. This is deeply troubling and we’re calling on Betsy DeVos to release more information. https://t.co/baUF49WkOY
I’m proud to take a stand with LGBT youth against bullying in our schools. 85% of LGBT students report being verbally harassed and most of it goes unreported. #SpiritDay
October is #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth. 20 years ago we created the Breast Cancer Stamp, a simple and effective way to support cancer research. The stamp has raised $86 million. https://t.co/k9oNJ1YEm4
There’s still time to register for the 2018 Great California ShakeOut. The 10th annual statewide earthquake drill is a perfect time to brush up on your emergency plan. Find more information about tomorrow’s big event here: https://t.co/D2MW1yVDgO
Glad to see the Music Modernization Act signed into law. We fought to ensure that songwriters, artists, sound engineers and producers receive the royalties they’ve earned. The bill also gives full copyright protection for pre-1972 music without limiting public access.
The United States can no longer remain silent in the face of such brazen human rights violations. Saudi Arabia was once one of our closest allies in the Middle East. I’m no longer sure that should be the case.
If the White House continues to refuse to act, Congress must. The first step would be to reject a pending arms sale to the kingdom and suspend assistance to the Saudi-led war in Yemen. And we must seriously consider sanctions against anyone involved in Khashoggi’s disappearance.
Saudi Arabia, despite initially stating it was not involved, may now claim that Khashoggi’s death was the result of an interrogation gone wrong. That explanation is hardly believable. https://t.co/R2lhLdDVHU
The world has watched with disbelief as reports emerge about the apparent killing and dismemberment of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi. The United States must send a message that this killing will not go unpunished. https://t.co/cTmtNj1F2v
Great to see two historic California sites in the running for a share of $2 million in grant money. Best of luck to the Women’s Building, the first woman-owned-and-operated community center, in San Francisco, and the Church of the Epiphany, a center for LA’s immigrant community. https://t.co/v10HyoFE2k
Racial and ethnic minorities are largely underrepresented in adult clinical trials. Without representation, differences in the effectiveness of treatment can’t be fully evaluated. We’re asking NIH to study barriers to inclusion and how to prevent them in the future. https://t.co/zt9KSabCEU
During National Dyslexia Awareness Month let’s focus on the importance of educational support for those with dyslexia. Dyslexia is considered the most common learning disability, but with the right help students can learn at the same pace as their peers &amp; unleash their potential.
Republicans have scheduled a hearing on judicial nominees while the Senate is in recess. Scheduling a hearing for controversial nominees during a recess when members are unable to attend is unprecedented and further demonstrates Republican efforts to pack the courts. https://t.co/e1DEfSF2QH
It’s time for @CoveredCA open enrollment! Great time to make sure you’re getting the best health insurance to fit your needs, and to see if you qualify for federal subsidies that make coverage more affordable.  https://t.co/yFrtzTLvmU
Down Syndrome Awareness Month is a great time to celebrate the accomplishments and abilities of Americans with Down syndrome. Let’s also take this month to recommit ourselves to protecting Medicaid and the critical role it plays in empowering people to live their lives fully.
Happy 243rd birthday to the U.S. Navy! Thanks to all the men and women in service to our nation.
Great to meet with Monterey and Santa Cruz County Supervisors about important flood control issues for the Pajaro River. It’s clear we need to improve critical infrastructure and flood protection for areas along the river, and I’m committed to helping however I can. https://t.co/AnZWSMnCeC
Wishing a happy #NationalFarmersDay to all Ag workers across California. As the country’s largest agricultural producer we know how important the American farmer is to our economy. Thanks for all your hard work!
If the government of Saudi Arabia is found to be complicit, the U.S. must halt all arms sales and end our support for the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen. Saudi Arabia was once one of our closest allies in the Middle East, but I think now is the time to reevaluate that relationship.
If he was murdered inside of Saudi Arabia’s diplomatic facility, not only would it be a clear violation of the Vienna Convention, it would also be a dramatic and unacceptable escalation of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman’s war on dissidents.
I strongly support an investigation into the disappearance of Jamal Khashoggi, who hasn’t been seen since entering the Saudi consulate in Istanbul more than a week ago.
Millions of books are published worldwide, but fewer than 10% are formatted for the blind &amp; visually impaired. Our newly passed bill will allow the sharing of specially-formatted books globally, vastly increasing their availability to nearly 300 million visually-impaired people.
The decision to move forward on 9th Circuit nominees without consultation or responding to my acceptance of the White House’s offer reflects President Trump’s desire to stack the court. I expect my blue slips to be honored as I was acting in good faith. https://t.co/7EYWmi7V0k
Congratulations to @MichelleObama on the launch of @GirlsAlliance! I’m excited to see her efforts to empower girls around the world by increasing access to education. I look forward to seeing this program grow. https://t.co/Y5lq6mn2eG
I’m proud to support the LGBT community on #NationalComingOutDay I’ve seen monumental changes in attitudes and laws in my days as an advocate and ally, and I look forward to continuing our fight to create a more accepting and inviting community for all members of the LGBT family.
Congratulations to the 2018 National Gold Award Girl Scouts! They’re doing incredible things to change their communities, and I’m proud to see two of the recipients are Californians. Great job Sakshi and Shelby!
This National Disability Employment Awareness Month let’s remember that while many Americans with disabilities are ready and willing to work, finding jobs can still be difficult. Whether you’re hiring or looking for work, use these resources to make the most of your search. https://t.co/b6MYhSb8xp
The Trump administration’s rollback of record keeping requirements for workplace accidents makes no sense. This rule encourages transparency and worker safety without imposing costs on employers. Revoking part of this rule will only worsen the under-reporting of accidents. https://t.co/AiqqLOtnDG
We’re demanding that the Commerce Department explain what led to the inclusion of this question on the census. We can’t allow politics to compromise the information used to determine congressional representation and federal funding. https://t.co/lA3xyK0i6v
The Trump administration’s decision to add a citizenship question to the 2020 Census is a cynical ploy to discourage participation. States with diverse communities like California stand to suffer the most. https://t.co/ZL114n5kVC
As climate change causes more severe droughts and flooding in our state, water infrastructure projects will be vital to our preparedness. The Senate passed the America’s Water Infrastructure Act to invest in projects important to that effort while increasing access to water now.
I’m glad to see former Congressman Sam Farr’s efforts to improve conditions for @PeaceCorps volunteers culminate in a new law. The Sam Farr and Nick Castle Peace Corps Reform Act will ensure volunteers have access to medical care during their service and after they return.
I had the pleasure of sitting down with Mayor Mayita Melendez to hear about ongoing recovery efforts in Ponce, Puerto Rico. More than a year after Maria’s devastation, our fellow Americans still need our help to recover. @mayitaalcaldesa https://t.co/nTlbTcTQRY
President Trump’s decision to allow junk health plans will take us back to the days of plans with no real coverage for essential services like maternity care. We’re forcing a vote today to reverse the president’s decision &amp; keep protections for people with preexisting conditions. https://t.co/f5RVw6jAGe
I joined my Senate colleagues in signing a discharge petition that will force a vote in the full Senate on President Trump’s decision to allow junk health care plans to return. This is a fight for affordable and essential coverage for Americans. https://t.co/YEaIYmylT9
Republicans keep trying to gut protections for people with preexisting conditions and allow junk plans that don’t provide real coverage. We can’t go back to the days of no coverage for maternity or mental health. That’s why we’re fighting to overturn President Trump’s regulation.
The right to vote is fundamental to our democracy, but barriers remain that prevent Native Americans from voting. We must provide more voter registration opportunities, increase polling places on tribal lands and expand voter protections. https://t.co/FDhryC0ugP
Proud to see 12 California schools named 2018 National Blue Ribbon Schools! These schools are excelling academically and closing achievement gaps. Find the list of all 12 schools with a summary of each here: https://t.co/1nPTuT95U5
The Interior Department needs to make its policy decisions based on science, not political ideology. The Trump administration is clearly hostile toward science-based decision making, but we can’t let that jeopardize the work of career scientists in federal agencies. https://t.co/pmGeyJTqNU
If true, this is a gross violation of human rights and must be investigated. Any official involved should be held to account. https://t.co/shuDHmsrye
The confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh shifts the court far to the right, putting women’s reproductive rights, civil rights, environmental protections, worker’s rights, the ability to implement gun safety rules and the ability to hold presidents accountable at risk for a generation.
Confirming Brett Kavanaugh in the face of credible allegations of sexual assault that were not thoroughly investigated, and his belligerent, partisan performance in last Thursday’s hearing undermines the legitimacy of the Supreme Court.
Dr. Ford came before the Senate and told 21 Senators she had never met, along with millions of Americans, about the most traumatic and difficult experience of her life. She did so with poise, grace and bravery. Unfortunately, she was met with partisanship and hostility.
Many U.S. manufacturers rely on imported components, and it’s exactly these kinds of companies that are being hurt by President Trump’s misguided trade war. Let’s use #NationalManufacturingDay as a chance to renew our call to support American manufacturing and end the trade war.
At the hearing last week, we saw a man filled with anger and aggression. Judge Kavanaugh’s behavior revealed a hostility and belligerence that was unbecoming of someone seeking to be elevated to the United States Supreme Court.
Judge Kavanaugh has said that sitting presidents cannot be indicted, cannot be prosecuted, should not be investigated and should have the authority to fire a special counsel at will. That should concern us all.
Judge Kavanaugh’s views on guns are extreme. In a dissent he would have struck down D.C.’s assault weapons ban because they have not historically been banned. This logic means that as weapons become more advanced and more dangerous, they cannot be regulated at all.
When I asked Judge Kavanaugh about whether Roe and Casey were settled law and whether they were correctly decided, he refused to answer. He would only say these cases are “entitled to respect”.
President Trump promised to only nominate individuals to the Supreme Court who would be “pro-life” and “pro-gun”, nominees who would automatically overturn Roe v. Wade. In my judgement, Judge Kavanaugh clearly meets the test.
Never before have we had a Supreme Court nominee where over 90 % of his record is hidden from the public. Never before have we had a nominee display flagrant partisanship and open hostility at a hearing. And never before have we had a nominee facing allegations of sexual assault.
The rising cost of college textbooks is a big part of student debt. Today, UC Davis received a $4.9 million grant to develop free, open textbooks. It’s great to see UC Davis playing a key role in the effort to make higher education more affordable.
WATCH NOW: I'm speaking on the Senate floor about Brett Kavanaugh's nomination. https://t.co/BZyMpaBwec
This investigation does a disservice to Dr. Ford, who gave such powerful and credible testimony, other sexual assault survivors including Deborah Ramirez, and the American public who expected the FBI would be permitted to conduct a genuine fact-finding investigation.
It is impossible to take this investigation seriously when so many key witnesses—including Judge Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford—were not interviewed and constraints were imposed on what was asked and who was spoken to.
Republicans have declared there wasn’t a ‘hint’ of misconduct. Based on our briefing &amp; review of documents, despite a clearly restricted investigation, that IS NOT true. Our previous concerns about Judge Kavanaugh’s truthfulness have also not been assuaged by this investigation.
RT @SenatorLeahy: THREAD #4: A point-by-point breakdown of Judge Kavanaugh's claims about his work on a controversial wireless wiretapping…
RT @SenatorLeahy: THREAD #3: A point-by-point breakdown of Judge Kavanaugh's claims about his work on Judge Pickering's nomination.
LIVE: Senate Democrats speak on Brett Kavanaugh’s FBI supplemental background check. https://t.co/LTLvKjxJvp
RT @SenatorLeahy: THREAD #2: A point-by-point breakdown of Judge Kavanaugh's claims about his work on Judge Pryor's nomination.
RT @SenatorLeahy: THREAD #1: A point-by-point breakdown of Judge Kavanaugh's claims about the Manny Miranda email theft scandal.
The terrible treatment of Dr. Ford and Ms. Ramirez by Senate Republicans tells every woman in this country to keep sexual assault to themselves. We must send a different message, a message of support.
President Trump isn’t alone in mocking Dr. Blasey Ford. Senate Republicans have called Dr. Ford ‘mixed up’ and said she has a ‘problem,’ tried to discredit her with mistaken identity theories, and Republican attorney Rachel Mitchell penned a flawed memo to discredit Dr. Ford.
RT @SenatorDurbin: This tweet is not accurate. Committee Republicans must correct it. See our letter here: https://t.co/trJ9ymDjee https://…
The president’s attacks on Dr. Blasey Ford last night were appalling. He sent a clear message to victims of sexual assault that they won’t be believed. They’re even more cruel given that Dr. Ford specifically recalled the pain of Brett Kavanaugh and Mark Judge laughing at her. https://t.co/QkEgzw0PcM
I’m so proud of all the brave women coming forward with stories of sexual assault, many sharing them for the first time. It’s important to remember how many women suffer in silence for years with the trauma of assault. Very powerful letter from Connie Chung. https://t.co/p6pUm3Xsw8
Congratulations to Dr. Frances H. Arnold for being awarded a Nobel Prize in Chemistry for her work at Cal Tech. Breakthroughs in a variety of fields, including health and biofuel technology, can be traced to her triumphs in directed evolution.
The Opioid Crisis Response Act will be up for a vote soon. The bill addresses law enforcement needs, enables the use of data to stop suspicious pill orders and reauthorizes substance abuse programs. It’s a vital step in the fight against opioids.
October marks National Substance Abuse Prevention Month, a time to redouble our efforts to address our country’s overdose and substance abuse epidemic. From prevention programs to law enforcement to rehabilitation, this crisis is going take every tool we have to overcome.
Congratulations to Dr. James P. Allison for being awarded a well-earned Nobel Prize in Medicine for his work at UC Berkeley on using the body’s immune system to fight cancer. His work has changed the way we treat cancer and provided new alternatives to surgery and chemotherapy.
Thank you Senator @MarkWarner for joining the effort to get sensible gun laws passed in this country. I’m pleased to have you as a partner on the assault weapons ban legislation that now has the support of 32 Senate Democrats. https://t.co/bBVeSfeWLV
RT @lisamurkowski: Last week the Senate passed the bipartisan bill I introduced w/ @SenFeinstein to reauthorize the National Earthquake Haz…
Net neutrality ensures users, not internet service providers, control their online experience. California’s law is necessary as long as President Trump and House Republicans continue to block efforts to restore #NetNeutrality for all Americans.
The Trump administration is once again attacking California. The #NetNeutrality bill signed by Governor Brown has the potential to be a gold standard for the nation, restoring the protections that existed under President Obama. https://t.co/bGKt21fsDx
LIVE: The California Desert Protection and Recreation Act, my bill to provide for conservation and recreational opportunities in California, is being debated in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. Watch here https://t.co/n822klveTE
The White House must not limit the FBI's investigation into Brett Kavanaugh. All allegations of sexual assault should be investigated and relevant witnesses interviewed. The investigation should be about truth, not cover for Republican votes to confirm. https://t.co/C4wCndzjQk
One year after the tragedy in Las Vegas, Republicans still oppose commonsense gun laws that will help keep us safer. The shooter used legally purchased assault weapons and bump stocks to take 58 lives. Today, someone could still stockpile the same arsenal. We have to stop this.
If the president were serious about banning bump stocks, he would support my bill. It’s the only way to get them off our streets for good. In 2017, the ATF said it couldn’t ban bump stocks. Now it says it can. The gun lobby will tie this regulation up in court. https://t.co/iqlxm99f2P
I’m proud to see California passed a law raising the age to purchase rifles and shotguns to 21. Senator @JeffFlake and I have a similar bill that would do this nationally. It’s a commonsense measure that will help keep us safe.
The Trump administration argues that since fuel economy standards can’t stop climate change on their own, they’re worthless. We need an all-of-the-above approach to solving climate change. Reducing harmful emissions must be a key component of that effort.	https://t.co/cAcLa6l4JK
We’ve already seen what a horrific policy family separation is. The solution isn’t to detain families indefinitely as the Trump administration has proposed; it’s to comply in good faith with the rules meant to ensure basic rights to detained minors. https://t.co/T6xOTnqgtZ
The White House and the FBI should release details on the scope of the Kavanaugh background investigation and keep Congress informed on any changes. This needs to be a real investigation and we must get all the facts. https://t.co/sEcHsTGVew
The FBI's hands must not be tied in this investigation. We need the facts. https://t.co/GR7TFhDG9k
From the moment I received Dr. Ford’s letter my actions have been consistent with her wishes. We kept her letter confidential and did not leak the contents or its existence to anyone. Survivors have a right to decide how their stories are made public. https://t.co/mETU5B3RE2
The Trump administration continues to attack science. How can the EPA claim it’s protecting the environment and our public health if it refuses to even look at scientific data?	https://t.co/aFyqyn8Y3H
RT @SenFeinstein: I’ve never seen someone who wants to be elevated to the highest court in our country behave in the manner that Judge Kava…
Judge Kavanaugh did not reflect an impartial temperament or the fairness and even-handedness one would see in a judge. He was aggressive and belligerent. He should not be rewarded with a lifetime Supreme Court seat.
The Republican strategy is no longer attack the victim, it is ignore the victim. The entire country is watching how we handle these serious allegations. The Senate has failed a test on how we treat women, especially for women who are survivors of sexual assault. https://t.co/aXBg2KrqWT
I’ve never seen someone who wants to be elevated to the highest court in our country behave in the manner that Judge Kavanaugh did yesterday. The person who testified yesterday and demonstrated a balanced temperament was Dr. Ford. https://t.co/GZid820OO5
Republicans have repeatedly asked Dr. Ford for a time and a place of the incident. It’s possible that Kavanaugh’s own calendar provides both. An FBI investigation would look into these kinds of details. https://t.co/iKHUh9GlEZ
Rachel Mitchell yesterday began to ask Judge Kavanaugh about the July 1 party where Brett Kavanaugh, Mark Judge and PJ Smyth were present. Republican senators then took over questioning Brett Kavanaugh. https://t.co/XV8o6etqW1
Calls for a delay to the Kavanaugh vote continue to grow. Now four Republican governors have joined the American Bar Association in calling for an investigation. The only people who don’t seem to get it are Senate Republicans. https://t.co/cRrXGC77OW
BREAKING: Republicans just defeated our motion to subpoena Mark Judge, the individual Dr. Blasey Ford places in the room during her assault. They have no interest in the facts or the truth.
LIVE: The Judiciary Committee is voting on Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination. https://t.co/rA5OsAx2Rx
Here’s the bottom line for Judge Kavanaugh: There was a third person in the room when the alleged sexual battery of Dr. Blasey Ford took place, yet Republicans refuse to talk to him. How Republicans can reject calls to subpoena him is bewildering.
.@SenatorDurbin 's question on Dr. Blasey Ford’s certainty that Brett Kavanaugh was her attacker could not be clearer, and her answer leaves no room for doubt. https://t.co/uQLDpyCUhi
RT @SenFeinstein: @SenatorLeahy asked Dr. Blasey Ford what stood out the most from her memory of the incident involving Brett Kavanaugh. He…
@SenatorLeahy asked Dr. Blasey Ford what stood out the most from her memory of the incident involving Brett Kavanaugh. Her answer is one everyone should listen to. https://t.co/adlEl2riAB
Many, including Republicans on the Judiciary Committee, have put forth the idea that Dr. Blasey Ford is misidentifying her attacker. I asked her point-blank if she could be mistaken and her answer leaves no doubt she knows exactly who was in that room with her. https://t.co/VHXlsTnCx5
After Dr. Blasey Ford came forward, reports of sexual assault increased 57%. This may be a very hard time for survivors, so please reach out if you need help. One option is the National Sexual Assault Hotline, 800-656-4673.
The hearing has returned from recess to hear testimony from Brett Kavanaugh. https://t.co/1XAA5QXutv
Today, while rejecting an FBI investigation, Republicans are refusing to hear testimony from any other witness, including Mark Judge, who Dr. Ford identified as being in the room during the attack. Judge should be subpoenaed so the committee can hear from him directly. https://t.co/7VYIzlUukJ
What I find most inexcusable is this rush to judgment, the unwillingness to take these kinds of allegations at face value and look at them for what they are—a real question of character for someone who is asking for a lifetime appointment on the Supreme Court. https://t.co/iAciVUGBh8
Millions of Americans are watching a victim of sexual assault be cross examined while Republicans have refused to call the individual she places in the room with Brett Kavanaugh. Dr. Blasey Ford's courage in the face of this treatment is remarkable.
The Judiciary Committee is not a court of law. Our job is not to put Dr. Blasey Ford on trial. Our job is to evaluate the credibility and character of Brett Kavanaugh and decide if he should be one of nine people to serve on the highest court in the land. https://t.co/PXGE9Q8mcx
The hearing has once again returned from a short recess. https://t.co/1XAA5QXutv
The hearing has resumed after a short break. https://t.co/1XAA5QXutv
We are here for one reason—to determine whether Judge Kavanaugh should be elevated to one of the most powerful positions in our country. This is NOT a trial of Dr. Ford. It’s a job interview for Judge Kavanaugh. Is he the best we can do?
No one is asking the FBI to reach conclusions regarding the Kavanaugh sexual battery allegations. What we ARE asking is for the facts, which the FBI is uniquely suited to collect. Republicans repeatedly refused to ask the FBI do its job.
Fact-check: The Judiciary Committee has never investigated allegations like Dr. Blasey Ford's on its own. That has ALWAYS been the FBI's job. Investigations should not be done by partisan Republican staff.
LIVE: Hearing on Kavanaugh sexual battery allegations. https://t.co/CymOnfSupJ
Republicans didn’t learn from the mistakes of the Anita Hill hearing and are making new ones. Blocking an FBI investigation, no outside witnesses, having a prosecutor cross examine Dr. Blasey Ford and scheduling a vote before her testimony are among their bad decisions.
Judge Kavanaugh is applying for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. Today, @JudiciaryDems will question him about serious allegations of sexual battery against Dr. Blasey Ford.
The Senate is not a court of law. Our job is not to determine whether Brett Kavanaugh is guilty of a crime. Our job is to determine whether he has the character and qualifications to be promoted to the most prestigious and powerful court in the country.
NEW: @JudiciaryDems urge Chairman Grassley to postpone tomorrow’s hearing and support an FBI investigation into ALL allegations. https://t.co/YTbU7KYdjp
The National Sexual Assault Hotline has seen a 57 percent uptick in calls since Dr Ford went public. How the Senate handles allegations against Brett Kavanaugh sends a message to survivors about how their allegations will be received if they take the brave step of coming forward.
BREAKING: @JudiciaryDems are requesting President Trump immediately withdraw the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh or direct the FBI to thoroughly investigate the multiple allegations of sexual assault. https://t.co/iGF9MbdvCD
For Republicans to schedule a Friday vote on Kavanaugh today, 2 days before Dr. Blasey Ford has had a chance to tell her story, is outrageous. First Republicans demanded Dr. Blasey Ford testify immediately. Now they don’t even need to hear her before they move ahead with a vote.
President Trump’s go-it-alone approach to Iran is failing. Our allies believe the Iran nuclear agreement is working and are moving forward without us. It’s time we return to the nuclear agreement and work with our allies to address Iran’s behavior.
President Trump’s decision to expand junk health plans puts consumers at risk by not covering essential services like maternity care or preexisting conditions. Thank you @JerryBrownGov for signing a bill to keep these plans out of California. Now, let’s ban them nationwide.
Today is National Voter Registration day! To vote this November, California residents must be registered by October 22. Our state makes it easy by allowing you to register online here: https://t.co/oeLo9WugwC
Congratulation to Annie Allen, 2018 California Principal of the Year! It was a pleasure to be able to congratulate you in person this morning. McAuliffe Middle School in Los Alamitos is lucky to have you as a leader. https://t.co/I8FVdif4BV
Glad to see the resolution marking National Hispanic Serving Institutions (HSIs) Week passed the Senate. California is fortunate enough to be home to a large number of HSI colleges and universities and this recognition is well deserved. https://t.co/Wupa04ePj7
Great report by @theNASEM on securing U.S. elections against foreign interference. Further proof that paper ballots are vital. Many states are pushing back on using paper ballots despite their reliability, but elections are essential to our democracy, and we have to protect them. https://t.co/rda2dI9rlc
My letter to Chairman Grassley: https://t.co/6FREQCzKcA
Thursday's hearing should be canceled in light of a disturbing new allegation of sexual misconduct against Brett Kavanaugh. The FBI must investigate ALL allegations.
Dr. Blasey Ford has accepted the invitation to testify next week despite being bullied and so far denied a nonpartisan FBI investigation that would ensure senators have the relevant facts they need. She has operated in good faith throughout this process. Let her testify.
Dr. Blasey Ford’s requests of Republicans have been modest in the face of death threats and harassment. Why won’t Republicans agree to hear from her?
Dr. Blasey Ford will testify next week. She has shown tremendous courage in the face of death threats and harassment and deserves respect as final details for the hearing are worked out.
If Cadiz is allowed to drain vital desert aquifers, it would irreparably harm everything that makes the Mojave Desert special. No amount of private profit is worth losing this treasured place. #StopCadiz
A new peer-reviewed scientific study refutes Cadiz’s bogus environmental review. By inflating rainfall numbers, cherry-picking data and ignoring scientific facts, @Cadiz_Inc is selling the public a false bill of goods. https://t.co/6FCRzuPdA8
These actions are irresponsible at best, a threat to democracy at worst. Rushing a nomination in order to hide facts is dangerous and disrespectful. Republicans have learned the wrong lessons. We must treat sexual assault survivors with respect, not bully or try to silence them.
I’m concerned that Brett Kavanaugh and his supporters have something to hide. Why not have the FBI investigate? Why not accommodate Dr. Ford as she spends her days with the FBI dealing with death threats and protecting her family? It’s one day. Why the rush? Why the bullying?
The recalcitrance, stubbornness and lack of cooperation we’ve seen from Republicans is unprecedented. And candidly, the dismissive treatment of Dr. Ford is insulting to all sexual assault survivors.
It’s clear that Republicans have learned nothing over the last 27 years. Bullying a survivor of attempted rape in order to confirm a nominee—particularly at a time when she’s receiving death threats—is an extreme abuse of power. https://t.co/XoAcqEQF1a
President Trump’s trade war is hitting agriculture hard, but let’s be clear, these policies hurt small businesses and consumers too. Small businesses are already considering price hikes to stay in business as new tariffs are announced. https://t.co/3RqGK5sxTF
Withholding aid for innocent Palestinian citizens is cruel and will only embolden extremists in the region. President Trump should immediately restore assistance and return the U.S. to its traditional role of mediating this conflict.
Dr. Blasey Ford has seen her worst fears come true.  She’s receiving death threats and has been forced to leave her home.  It’s time to stop blaming the victim and treat these allegations with the seriousness and respect they deserve.
The president’s instinct to attack women and victims of assault was on display again today. 70% of sexual assault victims do NOT report their attack to police for a range of reasons: fear of retaliation, shame and belief the police won’t take them seriously.
President Trump, I've said many, many times that my actions were motivated by Dr. Ford's request for confidentiality. Victims must be able to come forward only when they are ready.
This Washington Post fact-check explains that Brett Kavanaugh has repeatedly misled the Senate under oath. https://t.co/poVORLZQmX
National Estuary Program grants awarded to Santa Monica Bay have funded efforts to restore the kelp forests, which provide habitat and food for more than 700 species of wildlife, fish, and algae. The Bay Foundation also promotes rainwater harvesting &amp; boating pollution reduction. https://t.co/Znso0CZgb2
Next is the SF Bay Estuary. Its watershed extends from the Golden Gate to the Sierra Nevadas. The SF Bay Estuary Partnership has funded projects to create nature-based shorelines, which improve flood-control, increase climate change resiliency and restore critical habitat. https://t.co/O6g8iR5rJm
It’s National Estuaries Week! Meet your California Estuaries: First up, Morro Bay National Estuary Program. They’ve leveraged $5.9 million in EPA grants in to $10.3 million in additional funding to conserve and store water, restore floodplains, and remove invasive species. https://t.co/R5Na7Clmf8
Despite a potential bumper crop, California almond growers may see lower prices. Exports to China alone, the second largest market for U.S. almonds, are being hit with a 50 percent tariff. Farmers can’t afford to keep paying the price for President Trump’s failed policies.
While the president continues his trade war, American farmers are feeling the pain as they wonder who will buy their harvests. It’s time for President Trump to end his harmful trade war. https://t.co/WUeWNaIVcu
RT @SenateDems: Republicans are not learning the lessons of the past. https://t.co/2SqJn5sYNB
This is exactly right. The FBI should investigate Dr. Ford's allegations, not partisan staff. Senators need to be working with the same set of facts. https://t.co/Vv4TDqMA7I
It’s now one year since #HurricaneMaria devastated Puerto Rico and claimed nearly 3,000 lives and millions of Americans still need our help recovering. We must do more to help our fellow citizens. https://t.co/bwDytOoUdq
We should extend the tax credits that make electric and fuel cell vehicles affordable for more people. The faster we deploy these new technologies, the sooner we’ll eliminate air pollution and harmful carbon emissions from vehicles. https://t.co/MHrIJiKuK1
In 1991, the FBI reopened a background investigation. Anita Hill and Clarence Thomas were interviewed. Every day more people came forward claiming firsthand knowledge of the events. It’s time for the FBI to do the same today. Why are Republicans resisting an investigation?
I’ve joined my colleagues in condemning these remarks and calling for President Trump to apologize. Puerto Ricans need improved recovery efforts, not insulting tweets from the president. https://t.co/Ho3SmaVIYV
President Trump’s tweets on the death toll in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria are deeply offensive. American citizens suffered tremendously due to the hurricane &amp; delayed federal response. Refusing to accurately acknowledge the death toll is beneath the dignity of a president.
Retaliatory tariffs by the E.U., Mexico, Canada and now again by China are making it harder to export U.S. goods to major markets. American workers and farmers can’t afford to keep paying the price for President Trump’s failed trade war.
Happy #HispanicHeritageMonth! Let’s celebrate Hispanic Americans and their contributions to our history and culture in the U.S.  https://t.co/s9gbI4SSRl
RT @SenateDems: In 1991, Senate Republicans said an FBI investigation was the “the very right thing to do” – but now, those same Republican…
The FBI routinely investigates allegations like Dr. Ford’s. They did it with Anita Hill’s allegations 27 years ago and they did it this year with allegations against Rob Porter. The FBI needs to investigate and the Senate needs to wait until that’s done. https://t.co/Eoi0i3uqFy
RT @SenateDems: Legal Analyst @JeffreyToobin: “The Republicans are trying to do the absolute bare minimum that satisfies their members in o…
No FBI investigation, no outside witnesses, publicly stating Dr. Ford is “mixed up", &amp; demanding she come before the Senate while receiving death threats. Republicans don’t take these allegations seriously. Before voting on a lifetime appointment, there must be an investigation. https://t.co/ydw6doxLLz
President Trump, Dr. Blasey Ford did not want her story of sexual assault to be public. She requested confidentiality and I honored that. It wasn’t until the media outed her that she decided to come forward. You may not respect women and the wishes of victims, but I do.
I hope that each and every one of us will immediately denounce the horrific treatment of Dr. Blasey Ford. That this brave woman is receiving death threats and has been forced to flee with her family is appalling and heartbreaking. This abuse must stop. We’re better than this.
I agree with her 100 percent that the rushed process to hold a hearing on Monday has been unfair and is reminiscent of the treatment of Anita Hill. I also agree that we need the facts before senators—not staff or lawyers—speak to witnesses.
The decision to come forward or not come forward has always been Christine Blasey Ford’s, and that includes her participation in a hearing.
We should honor Dr. Blasey Ford’s wishes and delay this hearing. A proper investigation must be completed, witnesses interviewed, evidence reviewed and all sides spoken to. Only then should the chairman set a hearing date.
Senate Republicans are still not taking these allegations seriously. They’re rushing into a hearing that is completely unfair. Anita Hill’s column today was absolutely correct: We have to do this right.
During every step of this process, I’ve found every single piece of information from Dr. Christine Blasey Ford eminently credible, sincere and believable. She knew this would have a huge effect on her life and she was incredibly brave to come forward.
Happy Birthday to the @USAirForce on their 71st anniversary and a warm thank you to all the men and woman that have served with distinction in its ranks.
Fact check: The FBI can investigate Dr. Blasey Ford’s allegations as part of its background investigation – that is their job. To say otherwise is FALSE.  It investigated Anita Hill’s allegations of sexual harassment against Clarence Thomas. It should investigate this too.
Wishing everyone a meaningful and prayerful #YomKippur across California and the country.  G'mar Chatima Tova.
The Senate Judiciary Committee should allow the FBI to conduct a full investigation before we hold any hearings on the allegations Dr. Ford has made against Brett Kavanaugh. Holding a hearing without any investigation signals no interest in getting to the bottom of this.
Republicans have learned nothing from Anita Hill. President Bush asked the FBI to do its job and investigate Hill’s allegations, which it did.  Now, under the Trump administration, Republicans want to do even less by blocking any investigation into Dr. Blasey Ford’s allegations.
According to the California Department of Public Health, there were 1,882 opioid overdose deaths in 2017, 373 fentanyl-related. The Opioid Crisis Response Act that the Senate will vote on tonight is a strong push to bring those numbers down.
This opioid package reauthorizes the Office of National Drug Control Policy and drug courts to help end the opioid crisis while also providing law enforcement with new tools to face the rise of fentanyl use in America.
Drug addiction and overdoses have reached crisis levels and are having a devastating impact on our country. That’s why I’m proud to be a cosponsor of the Opioid Crisis Response Act, a package of bills that the Senate will vote on tonight to address this crisis.
I’ve been concerned with the lack of diversity in the Federal Reserve despite its important role in the economy. So I’m glad to hear the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco has announced a highly qualified woman will be its next President and CEO. Congratulations Mary C. Daly! https://t.co/00ITq11rw9
BREAKING: @JudiciaryDems are urging Chairman Grassley to postpone Thursday’s vote on Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination, allow the FBI to investigate Dr. Ford’s allegations and follow up on Kavanaugh’s false and misleading committee testimony. https://t.co/ffx33zTe0k
I agree with Senator Flake that we should delay this week's vote on Brett Kavanaugh's nomination. There's a lot of information we don't know and the FBI should have the time it needs to review this new material. Staff calls aren't the appropriate way to handle this.
The committee shouldn't move forward with a vote for numerous reasons. Serious questions have been raised about Judge Kavanaugh’s record. He's made misleading statements to the committee. And serious allegations by Mrs. Ford have been referred to the FBI. https://t.co/oCpsCbQHaB
I support Mrs. Ford's decision to tell her story. It's hers to tell and it must be taken seriously. I find her credible and the attacks on her must stop. https://t.co/KhK0EDE2RB
GDP may be growing, but who’s benefiting? Corporations are raking in record profits while wages for most working Americans have fallen. We need to make sure economic growth benefits everyone, not just the wealthy. That’s why I support the Measuring Real Income Growth Act. https://t.co/Btg5hWgwcb
When Americans invest their hard-earned savings, they should be confident that brokers are giving them the best possible advice. Sadly, many brokers are focused on increasing their own commissions instead. Brokers shouldn’t be allowed to put their profits ahead of their clients. https://t.co/Os5G5NhiVu
Affordable child care is out of reach for many, and child care providers are often poorly paid. The Child Care for Working Families Act would cap how much families pay while ensuring workers are being paid a fair wage. This is a bill working families deserve.  #ChildCare4All
With gatherings like @GCAS2018, I’m optimistic that we’ll keep working to reduce our carbon footprint. State and local leaders are the key to reducing global emissions and stopping climate change.
I’m glad to see so many leaders from state &amp; local governments and the private sector taking action at @GCAS2018. With the Trump administration determined to undermine efforts to combat climate change, we need these leaders to keep striving for ambitious and innovative solutions.
24 years ago today President Clinton signed our Assault Weapons Ban into law. Over the next 10 years there were 37% fewer gun massacres and 43% fewer gun massacre deaths. But in the 10 years after the ban expired in 2004, gun massacre deaths rose by 239%. #EnoughIsEnough
Israel must not demolish the Palestinian community of Khan al Ahmar. The only reason to destroy this community is to expand nearby Israeli settlements and split the West Bank in half. The potential for peace depends on what happens to Khan al Ahmar. https://t.co/OsgvjJ1vmN
I’m closely following information on the shooting last night in Bakersfield. My thoughts are with the victims and their families. Another heartbreaking tragedy.
RT @SenateDems: .@SenFeinstein moved to subpoena Judge Kavanaugh’s records from the Bush White House – records Republicans have refused to…
UPDATE: Republicans killed yet another Democratic motion to subpoena documents related to Brett Kavanaugh’s views on the power of the president.
NOW: Republicans just killed another Democratic motion to subpoena documents related to Brett Kavanaugh’s knowledge of torture, warrantless wiretapping and other controversial policies.
NOW: Republicans just killed another Democrat motion, this one to subpoena individuals like Manny Miranda who have knowledge of Brett Kavanaugh’s use of stolen Democratic strategy memos on judicial nominees.
Our motion to subpoena documents from Brett Kavanaugh's time as White House staff secretary in which he discusses Native Hawaiians and Alaskans was defeated 11-10.
Our motion to subpoena 100,000 records denied through a bogus “constitutional privilege” claim was defeated 11-10. All Republicans voted against it in order to hide Brett Kavanaugh’s record. #WhatAreTheyHiding
Fact check: President Reagan attempted to withhold documents concerning the nomination of Justice Rehnquist to be Chief Justice and the committee fought back on a bipartisan basis. Republicans and Democrats worked together to get needed documents.
NOW: Democrats are offering a motion to subpoena 100,000 documents denied to the committee through a bogus assertion of “constitutional privilege.” Many of those documents pertain to judicial nominations, an area in which we have many unanswered questions.
Our motion to subpoena Brett Kavanaugh’s White House records was defeated 11-10. All Republicans voted against it in order to hide Brett Kavanaugh’s record. #WhatAreTheyHiding
NOW: Democrats are offering a motion to subpoena documents from Brett Kavanaugh's time as staff secretary, one of the most senior positions in the White House. Reminder, the committee has just 7% of Kavanaugh’s records.
The Senate today passed a spending bill that invests in veterans, water infrastructure, drought prevention, earthquake preparedness and clean energy alternatives. It’s a big win for California. https://t.co/9YI0MPhf5B
.@SecPompeo today certified the Saudi-led coalition is taking appropriate steps to prevent civilian deaths. Hard to believe given UN reports that 10,000+ civilians have already been killed or injured by the coalition. We must do more to save lives. https://t.co/YRmZY99JlT
Overturning Roe v. Wade will endanger women’s lives, plain and simple. The president promised the American public judges who would overturn Roe “automatically.” We haven’t seen anything in Brett Kavanaugh’s record to suggest anything different. #WhatsAtStake
Congratulations @DrLeanaWen! I look forward to working with you in the fight to protect women’s access to quality health care and expand care to underserved communities. https://t.co/05QQx8kMDL
Brett Kavanaugh declined to say that Roe v. Wade was correctly decided more than a dozen times. https://t.co/1axkIc64E6
Must-read: "Kavanaugh’s comments on Casey strongly suggest that, as a Supreme Court justice, he would move to allow states to place onerous restrictions on abortion, restrictions that could come close to outlawing the procedure altogether." https://t.co/1axkIc64E6
Brett Kavanaugh gave evasive and vague answers to direct questions about Roe v. Wade. His nomination is the latest in an ongoing effort to restrict a woman’s right to make her own health care choices. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/LF4DWwmV1H
Roe v. Wade isn’t just about women, it’s about personal liberty &amp; limits on a government’s ability to interfere in intimate, personal decisions ALL Americans make. Brett Kavanaugh could be the vote to overturn Roe and all the progress we’ve made. #WhatsAtStake
RT @LACoSheriff: My Editorial “The Fight Against Gun Violence”. On the 17th anniversary of the worst terror attack on U.S. soil, we at the…
RT @SenatorDurbin: We continue to find more evidence that Judge Kavanaugh misled me and the Judiciary Committee under oath. I’m posting imp…
RT @SFEnvironment: Between 1990 and 2016, San Francisco’s carbon footprint ⬇️ 30% while population ⬆️ 20% and the GDP ⬆️ 111%. 		You can ha…
Rolling back the requirements for cars to become more fuel efficient is bad policy and deeply unpopular. We’re urging the administration to extend the comment period so the public’s voice can be heard. https://t.co/eC2NP1YXd2
17 years after that fateful day we remember the nearly 3,000 lives lost, the selfless courage of our first responders and that in the midst of a tragedy we came together as a nation. #NeverForget
As we mark #SuicidePreventionMonth, remember that the VA has resources for veterans and their friends and family to help someone in need. Visit https://t.co/5ToRyooqgM and learn how you can #BeThere for veterans dealing with mental health issues.
Thank you @Levis for joining the fight against gun violence in America. I’m glad to see more and more businesses getting involved in the push for commonsense gun reform. #EnoughIsEnough https://t.co/lWs4kDfDgN
.@SenKamalaHarris and I are demanding Verizon explain why it reduced data speeds for first responders fighting the Mendocino Complex Fire and what steps it’s taking to keep firefighters safe during future emergencies. https://t.co/nfgUmc54tW
Wishing a happy new year to everyone celebrating #RoshHashanah across California and the country. Shanah Tovah!
Happy Pride, #Oakland! Get out and celebrate the progress we’ve made! I wish everyone a safe, festive and happy #OaklandPride weekend.
All employees deserve a chance to take meal &amp; rest breaks during their shift. I’ve joined my colleagues to fight industry proposals that would strip this protection from California truck drivers. Everyone on the road benefits when truck drivers are rested. https://t.co/AETMtJURRU
Good news for California! The Senate Commerce Committee passed our bill to ban the use of driftnets in all U.S. waters. It’s time we finally stop using fishing gear that unintentionally kills so much marine life in California waters. https://t.co/XGuX4TvbsO
RT @SenatorLeahy: Read this, on Judge Kavanaugh’s answers to my questions about the stolen Democratic Judiciary Committee files that he rec…
This New York Times editorial clearly shows that Brett Kavanaugh misled the Senate. Too many missing emails and too many questions about his trustworthiness. https://t.co/e98Z1I5elj
Brett Kavanaugh used materials stolen from Democratic senators to advance President Bush's judicial nominees. He was asked about this in 2004, 2006 and this week. His answers were not true. https://t.co/YNYOyJUiDC
Brett Kavanaugh in 2004 said he was "not involved" in the nomination of Bill Pryor. That's not true. https://t.co/Ce2vFimdhX
RT @SenateDems: Hunter LaChance: "I'm deeply concerned that if Judge Kavanaugh is on the Supreme Court, he would vote to weaken laws that p…
RT @SenateDems: Parkland Survivor Aalayah Eastmond shares her harrowing story, concluding: I'm very concerned regarding Brett Kavanaugh's v…
RT @SenateDems: Rochelle Garza, citing Judge Kavanaugh’s decision to delay an undocumented teen from getting an abortion: “I don’t understa…
RT @SenateDems: Alicia Baker, citing Judge Kavanaugh's previous ruling on contraception access: “If [he] had his way, courts would give fre…
Important read: “Five Times Brett Kavanaugh Appears to Have Lied to Congress While Under Oath” https://t.co/ie2yQgxz85
Today we will hear from witnesses who will speak about Brett Kavanaugh’s extreme views on women’s reproductive rights, health care, guns and executive power. #WhatsAtStake
Day 4 of Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings live. https://t.co/CX0wrVu8jR
To block women's access to contraception, Kavanaugh ruled that it was "too burdensome" for employers to fill out a two page form.	 	But to block women's access to abortion, he ruled that getting court approval for the procedure was "not burdensome enough."		#WhatsAtStake
RT @SenatorLeahy: In 2004, Judge #Kavanaugh distanced himself from the controversial Judge Pryor nomination. He testified—repeatedly—that h…
Judge Kavanaugh just said Burwell v. Hobby Lobby was about "abortion-inducing drugs." That's a GROSS misunderstanding of the case, which was about insurance coverage for contraceptives. It's further proof of Kavanaugh's hostility toward women's reproductive freedom. #WhatsAtStake
Brett Kavanaugh can evade our questions on Roe all he likes, but he can’t dodge his own words in this email. Make no mistake, Roe v. Wade can be “settled law” today and overturned tomorrow. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/pVgrCwC641
Brett Kavanaugh had no problem saying Roe v. Wade is “settled law” but he refused to tell me if he thought it was correctly decided. His own email shows what he believes about the Supreme Court’s ability to overturn Roe. This is #WhatsAtStake, plain and simple. https://t.co/7dq3ITnuS3
RT @SenatorLeahy: BREAKING: Kavanaugh testified he never received any docs that even “appeared to … have been drafted or prepared by Democr…
BREAKING: Brett Kavanaugh was asked in 2004 about whether he was involved in the nomination of Bill Pryor. He said “I was not involved in handling his nomination"		Newly released emails show that's not true. Asked about how Pryor's interview went, he replied "CALL ME." https://t.co/63Wb5uY95G
Brett Kavanaugh: “I am not sure that all legal scholars refer to Roe as the settled law of the land at the Supreme Court level since Court can always overrule its precedent, and three current Justices on the Court would do so.” https://t.co/ky442alUlH
Allowing senators to review documents but not use them in public hearings to question Brett Kavanaugh is unprecedented. This isn’t about confidentiality, this is about hiding Kavanaugh’s views.  #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/BAcvCaG4th
Kavanaugh Hearing Live #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/2eplHPcRkj
A pending case in the Fifth Circuit could overturn protections for 150 million Americans with pre-existing conditions. This case could make its way to the Supreme Court. If confirmed, Brett Kavanaugh could be the deciding vote in taking away your health care. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/76SzJ39qsE
Brett Kavanaugh was vetted by outside groups like the Federalist Society to ensure he passed President Trump's litmus tests: overturning Roe v. Wade and voting against commonsense gun safety laws.
In 2017, Brett Kavanaugh mischaracterized and failed to follow Supreme Court precedent in Planned Parenthood v. Casey. We've already seen him discard precedent on women's reproductive freedom. #WhatsAtStake
The possibility of criminal wrongdoing by the president, combined with Brett Kavanaugh’s belief that a president can't be indicted or even investigated, are a real threat to the rule of law. #WhatsAtStake
President Trump has shown his disdain for the rule of law and our democratic values time and time again. The Supreme Court serves as a check on presidential power, which is why Brett Kavanaugh’s view that the president is above the law is so disturbing. #WhatsAtStake
By arguing that AR-15s can’t be regulated, Brett Kavanaugh made crystal clear that he’s to the right of Justice Scalia on guns. Even pro-gun Justice Scalia knew the 2nd Amendment did not protect all weapons in his opinion in Heller.
President Trump pledged this his nominees to the Supreme Court would overturn Roe “automatically.” We have every reason to believe Brett Kavanaugh would fulfill that pledge. #WhatsAtStake
We’ve seen this before: A Republican Supreme Court nominee pledges to respect precedent during confirmation hearings, then proceeds to overturn decades-old precedent. Pledges from Kavanaugh are not enough. #WhatsAtStake
Brett Kavanaugh authored a dissent to prohibit a young immigrant woman who had complied with Texas’ parental consent law and secured a judge’s approval the ability to get an abortion. This shows his hostility toward women's reproductive rights.
It's not enough for Brett Kavanaugh to say that Roe v. Wade is "settled law." Chief Justice Roberts said the same thing in 2005. Then he voted in favor of a law that would have forced 75% of Texas clinics to close. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Roe v. Wade is "settled law" only until five Republican Supreme Court Justices overturn it. Brett Kavanaugh's statements should not convince anyone that he would uphold Roe. #WhatsAtStake
When Brett Kavanaugh voiced his concerns in a bid to prohibit a young woman from getting an abortion, he used the phrase “abortion on demand”. That’s not a legal term, that’s ideology laid bare. #WhatsAtStake
WATCH NOW: Senator @ChrisCoons is questioning Brett Kavanaugh. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/IcwzedYeph
Saying Roe v. Wade has been reaffirmed many times over the years doesn’t mean Brett Kavanaugh won’t vote to overturn it. An appellate court judge follows precedent, Supreme Court justices overturn precedent regularly. #WhatsAtStake
RT @SenatorLeahy: THREAD: Between 2001 and 2003, Republican Senate staffers hacked into and stole 4,670 files on controversial Bush judicia…
Judge Kavanaugh has repeatedly invoked the Intelligence Committee’s torture report in defending his 2006 response to questions about whether he knew about torture. To be clear, the report does NOT address whether Judge Kavanaugh was telling the truth.
RT @SenateDems: .@SenatorDurbin calls out Republicans for using an “unprecedented” process to hide Judge Kavanaugh’s records – allowing Kav…
The Senate Judiciary Committee is back from a short break and questions have resumed. https://t.co/IcwzedYeph
Brett Kavanaugh is one the nation’s most extreme judges on guns. Five circuit courts, including his own, have upheld assault-weapons bans, but he would have struck down D.C.’s ban. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/BFqZ4i4Co1
If Brett Kavanaugh truly believes the president isn’t above the law, he should have said the president must comply with a subpoena. There’s no reason Brett Kavanaugh couldn’t have given a straight answer. https://t.co/mD2I5RtET4
The Chevron doctrine gives federal agencies flexibility to protect the environment, public health, workers &amp; much more. It’s a bedrock legal decision that protects all of us. Brett Kavanaugh is opposed, which may explain why businesses are spending millions to get him confirmed.
Brett Kavanaugh has said a president can’t be investigated or indicted and that a president can fire a special counsel at will. These views are especially troubling given Trump has been implicated in felonies. https://t.co/dCY29692JF
Fact-check: The Intelligence Committee did NOT receive documents from the White House or National Security Council in preparing the torture report. That's why there are very limited references in the report about the actions of people in the White House like Brett Kavanaugh.
RT @SenateDems: .@SenFeinstein asked a critical constitutional question: Can a sitting president be required to respond to a subpoena? 		@r…
These ongoing attacks against our democratic institutions can’t be allowed to continue. It’s essential we ensure the integrity of our democratic process, and tech companies play a central role in preventing these attacks.
While I’m at the Supreme Court nomination hearing, my staff is closely following the Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on the role social media companies can play in countering Russia’s propaganda and election interference efforts.
Thomas, Alito, Roberts and Gorsuch used the same playbook: 1. Profess loyalty to precedent in Senate hearings 2. Overturn precedent once on the bench. We can’t accept vague promises from Brett Kavanaugh when women’s reproductive freedom is at stake.
Precedent guides judges in future cases, ensuring stability in the law. Republican Supreme Court nominees have ignored precedent as soon as they’re confirmed, overturning decades of settled law. #WhatsAtStake
Time and time again we’ve seen Republican SCOTUS nominees pledge to respect precedent during their hearings, only to overturn precedent as soon as they take the bench. With health care for millions &amp; a woman’s right to choose, promises to “respect precedent” aren’t enough.
It’s not “hysteria” to talk about how women could die if Roe v. Wade were overturned. In the 1960s, 200 women per year died after unsafe abortions. We can’t go back. #WhatsAtStake
Tune in at 6:30 am PDT to watch the first round of questions. This is a vitally important hearing and we can’t let … https://t.co/Zh6qZHYZx4
.@JudiciaryDems will have tough questions for Brett Kavanaugh today on the many issues like his position on Roe v. Wade, whether he thinks President Trump can be investigated, his view on protections for pre-existing conditions and his extreme position on assault weapons.
RT @SenateDems: WATCH: Senate Republicans are taking “unprecedented” steps to jam through the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme…
#WhatsAtStake is a Supreme Court that protects the freedoms of ALL Americans. The Senate and the American public deserve to know what kind of nominee Brett Kavanaugh is. It’s our Constitutional duty to give advice and consent, not act as a rubber stamp for the president. https://t.co/uEvAGdoehm
If the Supreme Court were to adopt Kavanaugh's reasoning on guns, the number of victims would continue to grow and citizens would be rendered powerless in enacting sensible gun laws. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/A9KRueHF24
The effect of overturning Roe is much broader than a women’s right to choose. It’s about protecting the most personal decisions we all make from government intrusion. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/ruH3l2a8Ku
I invited @Fred_Guttenberg to sit in the audience at today’s hearing because the Supreme Court affects the lives of real people. He knows firsthand how Brett Kavanaugh’s extreme views on guns could lead to more massacres. Thank you Fred, for honoring your daughter.
Brett Kavanaugh knows that his views on guns are outside the mainstream. During a lecture at Notre Dame Law School, he said that he would be ‘the first to acknowledge that most other lower-court judges have disagreed’ with his views on the Second Amendment. #WhatsAtStake
42,000 pages of documents were received last night. Both Republicans &amp; Democrats use the SAME program to review these documents, which weren’t uploaded until 6:45 am THIS MORNING. There’s no way anyone has had time to review these documents. Why are we rushing? #WhatAreTheyHiding https://t.co/VLKV4HuOXD
RT @SenatorLeahy: We’re hearing ‘We’ve received thousands of documents.’ Let’s look a little closer. What we got includes event invitations…
When Judge Kavanaugh says he will respect precedent, remember this: Just last year, he authored a dissent that ignored and mischaracterized precedent to deny a young woman reproductive health care. He's already shown hostility toward #RoevWade.
The Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the Brett Kavanaugh nomination has resumed. Watch here: https://t.co/InwJEMQlvp
I remember what it was like before Roe. I know how dangerous it was. When I was at Stanford, we passed a plate to collect money so a friend could get an abortion in Tijuana. Another woman became pregnant unintentionally. She killed herself. We can’t go back. #WhatsAtStake
RT @SenateDems: .@SenatorLeahy calls out Senate Republicans on the Kavanaugh nomination: “any claim that this has been a thorough, transpar…
RT @SenateDems: .@SenFeinstein lays out why Kavanaugh saying Roe v. Wade is “settled law,” isn’t near enough – because he’s already shown h…
Here's why documents are important: Brett Kavanaugh's records from his time in the White House would show whether or not he lied to Congress during his previous hearing. 		Republicans and the White House are doing all they can to conceal those records. #WhatAreTheyHiding
RT @NARAL: .@SenFeinstein: Roe is one of the several cases that means we have privacy rights to make our own decisions without government i…
Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on nomination of Brett Kavanaugh https://t.co/whHHRRyMLm
The White House has never before withheld documents from the committee on executive privilege grounds with regard to a Supreme Court nominee. President Reagan attempted to do so with the nomination of Justice Rehnquist and the committee fought back on a bipartisan basis.
Brett Kavanaugh has already said that his time in the White House was pivotal to shaping his views as a judge: "Five-and-a-half years at the White House and especially my three years as staff secretary...were the most interesting and informative for me." #WhatAreTheyHiding
RT @NewsHour: "I really regret this, but I think you have to understand the frustration on this side of the aisle," @SenFeinstein says. "Ev…
The relevant number with regard to Brett Kavanaugh’s record is NOT the number of pages. It’s the PERCENTAGE of his record that’s available for the American people to see. 		Elena Kagan: 99% available to the public.		Brett Kavanaugh: 4% available to the public
RT @SenWhitehouse: MUST WATCH: #Kavanaugh privately told me he had never taken a position whether a sitting President can be indicted under…
We received 42,000 pages of documents JUST LAST NIGHT. It’s patently absurd to claim that we’ve had enough time to review these documents. That’s to say nothing of the hundreds of thousands of pages that are being withheld. #WhatAreTheyHiding
Brett Kavanaugh worked in the Bush White House for 5 years. Issues like torture, warrantless wiretapping and signing statements were routinely discussed and acted upon. Women's reproductive rights were front and center. We need documents to understand his role. #WhatAreTheyHiding
Here's why @JudiciaryDems are asking to adjourn the hearing: 93% of the records from Kavanaugh’s tenure in the White House as counsel and staff secretary are being withheld from the Senate and 96% of the records are being withheld from the public. #WhatsAtStake
RT @JudiciaryDems: Where we are: 4 days ago the Trump administration unilaterally withheld 100,000 pages of Brett Kavanaugh's record withou…
HAPPENING NOW: All ten Judiciary Committee Democrats are speaking on the extraordinary lengths Senate Republicans have gone to in order to keep Brett Kavanaugh’s records hidden from the Senate and American public. #WhatsAtStake	https://t.co/FPHOBbwW62
RT @SenateDems: This AM, all @SenateDems on the Judiciary Committee will preview #WhatsAtStake in the Kavanaugh nomination to the Supreme C…
Brett Kavanaugh authored a dissent to prohibit a young immigrant woman who had complied with Texas’ parental consent law and secured a judge’s approval the ability to get an abortion. This shows his hostility toward women's reproductive rights.
I hope you all enjoy Labor Day surrounded by friends and family. Thank you American workers, for all your contributions to our country.
In 2017, Kavanaugh mischaracterized and failed to follow Supreme Court precedent in Planned Parenthood v. Casey. We've already seen him discard precedent on women's reproductive freedom.
Brett Kavanaugh praised the dissent in Roe v. Wade. He called Justice Rehnquist, who authored the dissent in Roe, his “judicial hero.” There's no mystery as to where he stands on Roe v. Wade.
I'm so, so disappointed the California state Senate killed a bill to require independent review of the Cadiz water project that threatens the Mojave Desert. This is a Trump administration pet project that should never see the light of day. https://t.co/q7JhIWshXf
Senators should not be willing to cast a “yes” vote for a nomination of this magnitude when more than 90 percent of the nominee’s record is being denied to them. (5/5)
The only explanation for their actions is that these records would further reveal Kavanaugh's controversial history and ideological views. (4/5)
President Trump and Senate Republicans have gone to extraordinary lengths to hide Brett Kavanaugh’s record from the Senate and American people. (3/5)
In contrast, not one page of Elena Kagan’s White House records were withheld due to executive privilege claims. This is just the latest action in a series of actions to obstruct our review of Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination. (2/5)
Late last night the Judiciary Committee was informed in a letter from Bill Burck that Presidents Bush and Trump would claim executive privilege on more than 100,000 pages of Brett Kavanaugh’s records from the White House Counsel’s Office. (1/5)
Brett Kavanaugh was vetted by outside groups like the Federalist Society to ensure he passed President Trump's litmus tests: overturning Roe v. Wade and voting against commonsense gun safety laws.
President Trump pledged this his nominees to the Supreme Court would overturn Roe “automatically.” We have every reason to believe Brett Kavanaugh would fulfill that pledge.
Relieved to see that the Carr fire is 100% contained. Thank you to all the first responders who have been putting themselves in harm’s way to contain this fire and protect our communities.	https://t.co/bprkVTEoTW
Today is the day. The California Assembly has passed #SB120 to protect our scarce desert water resources, now it’s up to the state Senate to get this bill passed and protect our deserts. Call your state Senator: https://t.co/YOLolEFfkZ
Further impoverishing Palestinians only empowers extremists, undermines the P.A. and harms Israel’s security. Completely cutting off funding to UNRWA is inhumane and undermines our own interests in the region. https://t.co/ECx9MoGUL5
Today is the last day for the California Senate to #StopCadiz from draining our desert aquifers. Call your state senator and tell them to pass #SB120 before midnight: https://t.co/YOLolEFfkZ
Only hours left to #StopCadiz and the Trump administration from destroying the Mojave Desert by draining vital desert aquifers! Call your state Senator and tell them to pass #SB120 before midnight: https://t.co/YOLolEFfkZ
The #GOPTaxBill gave $2 trillion to billionaires and corporations. Now President Trump has canceled a modest pay raise for hardworking civil servants because of "the budget." #WorkersDeserveMore
Call your state senator and urge them to support SB 120. Now’s the time to protect our vital desert aquifers! The bill needs to pass the Natural Resources Committee and then it’s hopefully onto the floor for a vote. https://t.co/YOLolEFfkZ
From the opioid crisis to the rise of new synthetic drugs, we must use every tool available to face this epidemic head-on. The Drug Free Communities program will help prevention efforts all across the country, including funding over 30 coalitions in California alone.
I called for full funding of the Drug Free Communities program because we’ve seen how effective it is in reducing youth drug use. I’m happy to see that FY18 funding has led to $19.5 million in new grants and $70.9 million in continuation grants for existing projects. https://t.co/11jxxAu54f
It’s appalling that the Trump administration is making it more difficult for victims of sexual assault on college campuses to come forward. We should be helping victims get justice, not shielding colleges and those accused of sexually assaulting others from facing accountability. https://t.co/E2Nfi9Y6Rv
Great news. We need the state Senate to call this bill up and get it passed! https://t.co/jDsOE893QB
California once again has the opportunity to lead the country, this time by protecting #NetNeutrality so we have a level playing field online. I urge legislators in Sacramento to take action so that users, not their internet service providers, control their online experience.
It was a pleasure meeting with Chief Ken Pimlott to get an update on the ongoing fire situation and to discuss the 7 new air tankers we’ve secured for @CAL_FIRE. Wildfires will only get worse with climate change &amp; I’m determined to do everything I can to help our state get ready. https://t.co/YGK4OjUMWe
Your internet experience should not be decided by your service provider. I’ve joined my colleagues to challenge the @FCC’s #NetNeutrality repeal in an amicus brief. This isn’t over, we have to keep fighting for a free and open internet. https://t.co/b3RX2nOBGq
I agree, President Trump’s decision to cut nearly all humanitarian aid to Gaza and the West Bank is a huge mistake that will undermine the Palestinian Authority, further empower extremists like Hamas and make peace even harder to achieve. This will only hurt Israel’s security. https://t.co/EKVl8X5pqc
Our desert aquifers sustain California’s iconic wildlife, including Joshua trees and desert tortoises. Call your state legislators and urge them to support SB 120! We must protect California from harmful desert water extraction projects like Cadiz. https://t.co/YOLolEFfkZ
.@tribelaw calls for delaying Kavanaugh's nomination hearing: "There is no need to hurry. The slowly mounting chorus of senators calling for a pause in Kavanaugh’s confirmation would have resonated strongly with the framers." https://t.co/qVcZGx7USn
President Trump’s bailout won’t even put a dent in the losses farmers are suffering due to his failed trade war. California’s farmers want access to markets, not taxpayer funded bailouts. https://t.co/kPiEJ1lxe4
More #GOPTaxBill broken promises: President Trump claimed his tax cuts would raise wages by more than $4,000. Instead, they’ve actually fallen for most Americans. The richest corporations are seeing record profits while workers’ paychecks get smaller. https://t.co/zJF3Q7nbUF
It was 55 years ago today that Martin Luther King spoke at the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom about his dream of an America free of racism, poverty and inequality. That message endures today and is a testament to his vision as well as the work we must finish.
Important reporting from the @WashingtonPost shows the importance of Brett Kavanaugh's role as White House staff secretary. Republicans are hiding ALL records from this three-year period. https://t.co/dwWs4pRteZ #WhatAreTheyHiding
Brett Kavanaugh has a long history as a Republican political operative. Via @WashingtonPost: "No justice in recent memory has worked as intently as Kavanaugh at the highest levels of the nation’s political machinery, scholars said." https://t.co/dwWs4pRteZ
One consequence of Republicans circumventing the nonpartisan process for vetting Supreme Court nominees' records is that Brett Kavanaugh's records contain unexplained omissions. We're demanding an explanation.  https://t.co/ETywuFQKnP
My thoughts are with the victims of the mass shooting in Jacksonville and their families. We have the power to reduce the likelihood of these shootings. Everyone must demand change from those who don’t support commonsense gun safety laws.
Professor Tribe’s op-ed is a must-read. https://t.co/4BTM1IbU3K
Today is the 98th anniversary of women winning the right to vote. Let us reflect on the sacrifices made by so many trailblazing women to secure that right and pledge to always exercise it. #WomensEqualityDay
The Washington Post editorial board on Kavanaugh vetting: “The National Archives must be the arbiter not only of which documents are sent to the committee but also of the terms on which they are turned over.” https://t.co/T41z9C1qUp #WhatAreTheyHiding
We have the possibility of criminal wrongdoing by the President, combined with serious doubts that Brett Kavanaugh believes a president can even be investigated, compounded with the lack of transparency into Kavanaugh’s record. His hearing should be delayed.
John’s perseverance and spirit should serve as a model for us all. He was a great friend, a great senator and my thoughts go out to his family for their loss.
That’s the kind of man John was. He was courageous, and even in the most difficult situations he stood up for what he believed was right.
After the Intelligence Committee released its controversial torture report, John didn’t hesitate to stand up and support it. He went even further, using his position as Armed Services Committee chairman to get an amendment through on a defense bill to permanently ban torture.
I’ve traveled with John and we talked about what he went through with respect to torture. His experience led him to believe that such evil acts could never be the American way.
John McCain was a leader, a public servant and a patriot, and he’ll be terribly missed.
The San Francisco Chronicle editorial board: "Kavanaugh shouldn’t be rushed into a life term to beat the election, and that’s what McConnell and company are doing." https://t.co/mOdKYvlgZH
The New York Times editorial board has called the process for vetting Brett Kavanaugh “the most secretive and incomplete confirmation process in modern history.” https://t.co/VZyZ7iaLCs  #WhatAreTheyHiding
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch calls for Brett Kavanaugh's hearing to be postponed: "Presumption of innocence doesn’t require the Senate to let [Trump] seat a Supreme Court nominee while facing an allegation that could put his fate in that nominee’s hands." https://t.co/FEFTadBtTq
John was held captive and tortured, but he persevered. Decades later, as Armed Services chairman, he inserted language into a defense bill to permanently ban torture. I’m proud to call John a friend, and my love and deep respect go out to his family during this difficult period.
I’ve gotten to know @SenJohnMcCain very well over the last 25 years, both as a person and a senator, and I can honestly say he’s a true American patriot. He has served with distinction, he knows the difference between right and wrong and he’s not afraid to speak truth to power.
Strong letter from the governor’s military council opposing the Trump administration’s attack on the Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan. Instead of wasting time and resources going backward, the administration should implement the balanced plan to manage the Mojave Desert. https://t.co/kEsCVxPOry
The president's Supreme Court nominee has said sitting presidents can NOT be prosecuted, should NOT be investigated, and should have the authority to fire a special counsel AT WILL.  With the president facing serious legal jeopardy, the nomination should not be moving forward.
.@JudiciaryDems letter: "Given the possibility of criminal wrongdoing by the president, doubts that Judge Kavanaugh believes a president can even be investigated, and the unprecedented lack of transparency, we should not move forward with hearings." https://t.co/ZU5NKLxG3j
BREAKING: Judiciary Committee Democrats have requested Brett Kavanaugh's hearing be postponed.
While I've opposed many of AG Sessions's actions, it would be unacceptable for POTUS to fire him now so he could install someone willing to subvert the Mueller investigation. https://t.co/5mynLKHL5w
Arming teachers is a dangerous policy that should never see the light of day. President Trump and Republicans have done nothing to reduce gun violence. Now, they propose taking money earmarked for teachers, counselors and books and putting it toward guns. It’s sickening.
History will not look kindly on rushing through a Supreme Court nominee chosen by a president facing significant legal liability and seeking to obstruct a criminal investigation of his wrongdoing. Brett Kavanaugh's nomination should NOT be considered now.
My full statement on the latest developments in the Trump investigation: https://t.co/nnrul9Bq7r
Roe v. Wade is "settled law" only until five Republican Supreme Court Justices overturn it. Brett Kavanaugh's statements should not convince anyone that he would uphold Roe.
98% of Brett Kavanaugh’s White House record remains hidden from the public. 		More than 85% of his White House record remains hidden from the Senate. 		There’s never been a less transparent vetting process for a Supreme Court nominee. #WhatAreTheyHiding
As investigations delve deeper into President Trump’s world, we’re seeing just how rotten his campaign truly was. And as more and more top officials leave the White House, we’re finding out his version of the executive branch is no better.
It's not enough for Brett Kavanaugh to say that Roe v. Wade is "settled law." Chief Justice Roberts said the same thing in 2005. Then he voted in favor of a law that would have forced 75% of Texas clinics to close. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
The possibility of criminal wrongdoing by the president, combined with existing doubts that Brett Kavanaugh believes a president can even be investigated, demand that his hearing should be delayed.
The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children does critical work to protect children from abuse, exploitation and abduction. We must reauthorize this program as soon as possible. https://t.co/PxN5AFvw2j
President Trump’s decision to replace the Clean Power Plan with weaker rules governing power plant emissions is the latest in a string of terrible decisions that undermine our fight against global warming, lower our quality of life and endanger lives. https://t.co/F20QOZ92db
Brett Kavanaugh worked in the White House as the Bush administration pushed to restrict women's rights and ban same-sex marriage. His records would show whether he played a role in these efforts. https://t.co/VZyZ7iaLCs #ReleaseTheRecords
.@NYTOpinion rightly calls Republicans' failure to request all records from Brett Kavanaugh's White House service a "dereliction of their constitutional duty." https://t.co/VZyZ7iaLCs
Republicans are "running the most secretive and incomplete confirmation process in modern history." Learn more via @NYTOpinion https://t.co/VZyZ7iaLCs #WhatAreTheyHiding
.@PostOpinions explains why Republicans are wrong to circumvent the longstanding, nonpartisan process used to review Brett Kavanaugh's records. https://t.co/Mf1ou4Bk06 #WhatAreTheyHiding
The New York Times editorial board explains the importance of our fight for Brett Kavanaugh’s records. Documents are key to understanding Kavanaugh’s views on issues and whether or not he misled the Senate to get his current job. https://t.co/VZyZ7iaLCs #WhatAreTheyHiding
July was a scorcher, breaking long-standing heat records across the state. This is only the beginning of climate change.	https://t.co/9oq3ml4ODy
Great read by a former superintendent of Mojave National Preserve on why the Cadiz water project is a disastrous idea. I join her in urging the California Legislature to act this session! 	https://t.co/TtvLj6TN1x
Charles Pickering bullied the Justice Department to reduce the sentence in a cross-burning case. It appears Brett Kavanaugh may have misled the Senate about his role in this nomination. #ReleaseTheRecords    https://t.co/cZzsMEWdqz
Brett Kavanaugh praised the dissents that would have overturned Roe v. Wade and barred marriage equality. His views on these fundamental freedoms are no mystery. https://t.co/twU1qvumyR
Glysophate, and products that contain it such as Roundup, has been linked by studies to serious medical conditions. This court verdict affirms those findings. We have a right to know the dangers of a pesticide used so widely that trace amounts have even been found in cereal. https://t.co/zOoS2ik9dz
Protecting our troops from predatory lending and financial fraud isn’t just the right thing to do, it’s the law. Reports that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau plans to scrap routine lender exams that protect our troops is absurd. CFPB must enforce the law. https://t.co/eHvPFKtpOV
Scott Pruitt ignored his own staff and a preponderance of scientific evidence that linked chlorpyrifos to developmental disabilities in children. I’m glad a federal appeals court wasn’t as susceptible to industry lobbyists when it ruled in favor of a ban. https://t.co/Wys3aN3tGQ
Testifying under oath, Brett Kavanaugh downplayed his role in Pickering's nomination, but documents show he played a pivotal role – and led parts. If this is what limited public documents show, imagine what documents Republicans are hiding would reveal. https://t.co/cZzsMEWdqz
Documents indicate Brett Kavanaugh may have misled the public during his confirmation to the D.C. Circuit when asked about involvement in the Bush torture and wiretapping programs. His full record needs to be available to all Senators and the public. https://t.co/9Zyk6H5EXB
A key issue in vetting Brett Kavanaugh is determining whether he was truthful with the Judiciary Committee while being considered for the D.C. Circuit. Limited documents suggest he was not.  https://t.co/cZzsMEWdqz
National Archives called the GOP process for reviewing &amp; releasing Brett Kavanaugh records "something that has never happened before." Records being released are NOT from the Archives, they’re handpicked by George Bush's lawyer, a former Kavanaugh deputy. https://t.co/2e7vSgo8r1
Women took President Trump at his word when he said he would appoint Supreme Court Justices that would overturn Roe v. Wade. That's why only 28% of women support Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation. https://t.co/guCxxotL92
There’s a good reason that former national security officials are granted continued access to sensitive information: They offer invaluable service by collaborating with current national security leaders. Revoking John Brennan’s clearance harms our national security. https://t.co/tHLC2Hb04j
It’s no surprise that the #GOPTaxBill isn’t living up to Republican promises of increased wages for American workers. Wages are down while stock buybacks are at a record high. It’s clear who this bill was meant to help. https://t.co/Nr08maEMfN
Aretha Franklin had a powerful voice and sent powerful messages. She inspired a generation of women through her music. She was truly a legend and larger than life. She will be missed. https://t.co/lgpphSmM3E
Not only has the nonpartisan National Archives been sidelined in the review and release of Brett Kavanaugh’s records, but the few records Republicans are releasing to the public have been chosen by Kavanaugh’s former deputy. This is unprecedented and NOT how you vet a nominee. https://t.co/dYQJf7WMkD
Hundreds of thousands of Dreamers have been able to work and study legally in the country thanks to #DACA, but the future of the program remains uncertain. DACA recipients: If you are eligible, renew your application ASAP. #RenewDACA
Dreamers: you can still renew your #DACA application. If you’re eligible, it’s important you apply as soon as possible. For more information, visit: https://t.co/MQNyz9ewyP. #RenewDACA #ProtectDreamers
Six years ago, the government began accepting the first applications for the #DACA program, changing the lives of nearly 800,000 young immigrants who could legally work and study in the only country they have ever known. We must #ProtectDreamers with a permanent fix!
When Brett Kavanaugh worked for President Bush, he invited “more scrutiny of the nominees.” Now that Judge Kavanaugh is the president’s #SCOTUS nominee, Republicans want to withhold his records as a top Bush aide. Why? #WhatsAtStake
Justice Kagan served in key positions in prior administrations much like Judge Kavanaugh. When she was nominated, Republicans demanded her entire paper history. We're asking that the same standard apply today. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/mkCOxfTKQg
If you live in Shasta County you may be eligible for FEMA assistance related to recent wildfires. Apply with FEMA directly or contact my San Francisco office if you need any help applying for disaster relief. https://t.co/zShsW2nHgu
There is a disaster recovery center in Redding for those affected by recent wildfires. Representatives from FEMA, CAL OES and SBA will be present to provide access to disaster assistance programs. https://t.co/ZSu78zHdPL
Unions have worked with home care workers to raise wages and facilitate access to benefits like health insurance, but a new HHS rule would roll back some of that progress and disproportionately affect women of color in California along with their patients who rely on home care. https://t.co/sxGuKVX6RO
Betsy DeVos is encouraging student loan providers to ignore lawful directives from state governments with her overly broad interpretation of federal law. Loan providers must comply with California laws &amp; our state has the right to protect student borrowers from abusive practices. https://t.co/oYl8TStKEZ
Such a great example of environmental restoration, including vital flood projects. Efforts like the Shoreline Project will only become more important as climate change causes sea levels to rise and threaten our communities. https://t.co/Cgwt76oDjD
The Trump administration must halt approval of any new mining claims until the litigation surrounding the elimination of protections for these monuments has been settled. https://t.co/nA4jUYKt1O
The decision to eliminate protections from Grand Staircase-Escalante and Bears Ears National Monuments was based on a dubious legal opinion and is currently being challenged in court. Reports of new mining claims within these monuments are deeply concerning.
Brett Kavanaugh told the Senate in 2006 he had no KNOWLEDGE of torture or wiretapping. 	 Reporting and emails released through FOIA has cast serious doubt on those answers.	 Kavanaugh's records would show whether he told truth, but Republicans are blocking their release.
Shouldn’t every U.S. senator want to know whether the nominee to the Supreme Court told the truth under oath before voting to confirm him to a lifetime appointment on the highest court in the land?
Republicans are allowing President Bush's PERSONAL attorney to determine which of Brett Kavanaugh's records senators who are not Judiciary Committee members may see. 	 	This means that 79 U.S. senators are being denied information that would inform their position.
Must-watch		https://t.co/u6wBJNwDvF
99% of Elana Kagan's White House records were made public before her nomination hearing.		0.08% of Brett Kavanaugh's records are public now.		It's unprecedented to go to these lengths to hide a Supreme Court nominee's records from the American people. 		#ReleaseTheRecords
Great to visit the South Bay to discuss the $177 million in federal funding we’ve secured for the Shoreline Project to tackle habitat rehabilitation and protect our communities from sea-level rise due to climate change. Can’t wait to see the results! https://t.co/F9ClsqbouT
That’s not transparency and that’s not nearly sufficient for the Senate to carry out its advice and consent duty on this nomination. Senators will be asked to vote on a nominee without seeing 99% of his records! https://t.co/gAdD9lcme2
The documents provided to the committee that have been made public are less than 1% of his White House records. That’s simply unacceptable.
Republicans are asking that almost all of Kavanaugh’s records provided to the Senate Judiciary Committee be marked “Committee Confidential”. That means they will be kept hidden from the public and the 79 senators not on the committee. #WhatAreTheyHiding
Scheduling a hearing in early September, while more than 99 percent of Kavanaugh’s White House records are still unavailable, is not only unprecedented but a new low in Republican efforts to stack the courts. #WhatAreTheyHiding
It’s clear that Republicans want to speed this nomination through before we know who Brett Kavanaugh is. This is not how the Senate should approve a nominee for a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the land. https://t.co/8voFDlXw6M
RT @DHSgov: For those battling the #CaliforniaWildfires, Shasta County has a website with helpful information and resources.	⬇️	https://t.c…
RT @kenkimmell: Glad to join Sen. Feinstein in calling out Trump administration on car standards—the Trump wrecking ball is swinging again,…
This shows why we must have access to all of Brett Kavanaugh’s records. The time to review his record is before voting on a lifetime appointment, not after. Reviewing a small set of documents that his own former deputy chose fails to provide a complete picture. #ReleaseTheRecords
During confirmation, Gina Haspel asserted that the torture program produced valuable &amp; actionable intelligence. These cables and the Senate Intel report suggest otherwise, yet the American public was denied information necessary to evaluate that conclusion prior to confirmation.
These cables confirm the findings of the Senate Intel report, and show why the release of a nominee’s FULL record before confirmation is absolutely necessary. We shouldn’t rely on restricted &amp; incomplete records to evaluate nominees – whether to the Cabinet or the Supreme Court. https://t.co/RQ0XkewbME
All senators should want to know whether the Supreme Court nominee was honest under oath to Congress before voting on him.	 	Brett Kavanaugh's records from the Bush White House would answer that question.	 	Republicans and the Trump White House are hiding them. #ReleaseTheRecords
Brett Kavanaugh’s deputy from the White House is deciding what documents are turned over to the Senate. This person does NOT work for the nonpartisan National Archives or the Bush Library. He works for President Bush in a personal capacity. This is unprecedented &amp; unacceptable.
Brett Kavanaugh's records from his time as White House staff secretary would show whether or not he was honest to Congress during his 2006 nomination hearing.	 	Republicans and the White House are doing all they can to hide those records. 		#WhatsAtStake
The Trump admin. has a legal duty to cut emissions &amp; reduce pollution that causes climate change. But they’re abandoning this obligation in a rush to undo vehicle emissions standards. Read why @UCSUSA President @KenKimmell &amp; I think this is a huge mistake.	https://t.co/hyTsOx5MPL
We’ll work to protect lives in the threatened communities, help families recover and take the necessary steps to prevent future wildfires. I’d encourage President Trump to join us in that effort, or at the very least end his repeated attacks and learn the facts on the ground.
Years of historic drought have left more than 129 million dead trees in our state. Those conditions are fueling the catastrophic blazes we’re seeing. The Trump administration may choose to ignore the threats of climate change but we’re feeling the effects every day.
President Trump’s politically motivated attacks on California are completely inappropriate when lives are at risk and show how little he understands about wildfire. Cal Fire has repeatedly said there is no shortage of water to fight these fires.
Thanks @hint water for supporting the Personal Care Products Safety Act! We must improve our outdated safety laws for these products to ensure consumer safety. Appreciate you joining this important effort!
RT @femaregion9: #CarrFire survivors can receive in-person disaster assistance at the Disaster Recovery Center located in the Former Kmart…
Thank you Moby for joining this important fight and helping us save the Mojave Desert from Cadiz. https://t.co/1gdxdDb9DX
Despite a Constitutional obligation to consult Congress before setting a refugee admission cap, the Trump administration failed to do so last year. This year I strongly urge them to consult Congress and set a cap that reflects U.S. values, instead of cutting admissions further.
I hope the Archivist will change course, but I’m also joining Senate Judiciary Democrats in a FOIA request for Brett Kavanaugh’s records to get what we need. If the Trump administration and Bush lawyers have access to all his documents, the Senate and the public should too.
President Trump has repeatedly promised to nominate only justices to the Supreme Court who will overturn Roe v. Wade. #WhatsAtStake is all the progress we’ve made upholding women’s constitutional rights. #SaveRoe
Judge Brett Kavanaugh has ruled in past cases to restrict women’s access to safe, legal reproductive healthcare – including contraception. He has argued that a company’s religious beliefs override women’s access to health care. That’s #WhatsAtStake. #SaveRoe
85% of voters do NOT want the Supreme Court to restrict access to birth control. A majority of people in this country want to #SaveRoe, but the next Supreme Court justice could roll it back. #WhatsAtStake
I urge the California legislature to pass AB 1000. The bill adds a state review process to safeguard limited water resources in the California desert from harmful projects like Cadiz. The state should act on the bill this month.
President Trump already slashed the refugee cap from 110,000 to 45,000, and he’s likely to admit fewer than half of that number this year. Now we hear he wants to cut that cap by an additional 2/3 to a few as 15,000. Turning away refugees is a betrayal of American values!
Today we mark #PurpleHeartDay and honor all the men and women who were wounded or killed in combat. Take a moment to remember veterans past and present who bravely sacrificed for our nation.
The Trump administration’s decision to rescind civil rights guidance promoting diversity in education is just the latest attack on minority group protections. It’s in our national interest that talented students from all backgrounds have a chance to learn in a diverse environment https://t.co/YRWQenD6Lb
As 17 large wildfires burn across our state, we owe an enormous debt of gratitude to the thousands of firefighters saving lives. I met with @CAL_FIRE Chief Pimlott and discussed what we can do at the federal level to help California overcome and recover from these deadly fires. https://t.co/o4Yf8EuwAX
Black women in America must work 20 months to make what white men earn in just 12 months. In California that means black women make just 66 cents for every $1 men make, even less than the average for all women. Equal pay for equal work, period. #BlackWomensEqualPayDay
The 22nd Lake Tahoe Summit was a huge success! Thank you to everyone who joined us today and to all who care about saving the “Jewel of the Sierras.” #TahoeSummit
Thank you to the brave men and women who protect us from wildfire. Their efforts around the region have not only helped preserve the lake but have saved numerous lives. #TahoeSummit https://t.co/ojxRkRVlKC
RT @SenDeanHeller: I’d like to thank ⁦@SenFeinstein⁩ for her leadership to protect #LakeTahoe. She’s been tremendous to partner w/over the…
RT @SenCortezMasto: WATCH: I'm so proud to join advocates, government officials from Nevada and California, Native American communities, NG…
Lake Tahoe is warming faster than the oceans, 14 times faster than the historical average. We must #ActOnClimate if we want to save the lake! #TahoeSummit
.@SenCortezMasto on climate change affecting Lake Tahoe, “The solution is to break our addiction to the fuels of the past.” #TahoeSummit https://t.co/bhnMTqsegE
Team Tahoe has shown that when everybody buys in and works together, great things can be accomplished! #TahoeSummit
After the first #TahoeSummit 22 years ago, more than $2 billion has been invested by the federal government, California, Nevada, local communities and the private sector to save Lake Tahoe. That is what I call Team Tahoe! https://t.co/M2Mhg2O6ur
“What happened here was a truly holistic approach.” - Keynote speaker Sen. Murkowski on passing the bipartisan Lake Tahoe Restoration Act. #TahoeSummit https://t.co/eNvQ0PMOTo
Thank you to the Washoe Tribe for that beautiful invocation to start the #TahoeSummit. https://t.co/Rz7jBNOH7R
The stage is set and the volunteers are ready to welcome you. The 2018 Lake Tahoe Summit is about to start! #TahoeSummit https://t.co/Tw930dz557
President Trump might think his trade war is working but 700,000 Californians who rely on the state’s $170 billion in exports each year would beg to differ. If he truly wants to help U.S. workers, he’ll listen to their pleas and end his trade war now.	https://t.co/55rixzNJfb
It’s been 53 years since President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act to protect minority voters from discrimination at the polls. It’s been just 5 years since the Supreme Court effectively gutted it. #WhatsAtStake is losing decades of progress.
Journalism is not a crime and freedom of the press is an essential part of any democratic society. Egyptian officials must respect their obligations to international law and free photojournalist @ShawkanZeid.  #FreeShawkan
President Trump’s proposed policy of banning health care providers from providing full information to their patients, including referrals, must be changed. We can’t roll back hard-fought progress on women’s rights.  https://t.co/NYsfK2LdvY
Happy birthday to the Coast Guard as they turn 228, and my sincerest thank you to the men and women who put their lives on the line every day to keep our country safe.
(2/2) Compare that to your actions: attacking the FBI and refusing the advice of your national security team. SAD! I appreciated then and now the diligent work of our law enforcement and intelligence agencies and acted in the best interests of the country. Give it a try!
(1/2) The FBI told me 5 years ago it had concerns that China was seeking to recruit an administrative member of my Calif staff (despite no access to sensitive information). I took those concerns seriously, learned the facts and made sure the employee left my office immediately. https://t.co/qpVyPanpJk
In its current state, Mare Island Naval Cemetery isn’t a fitting final resting place for the service members buried there. Our bill will make sure that the cemetery is not only restored, but maintained for decades to come. https://t.co/VAgoqyLlZT
I’ve been an advocate for sensible gun reform since I came to the Senate, but I’ve never seen the energy and momentum that young people are bringing to this fight today.  If you’re in Southern California make your voice heard and join the #MarchOnNRA https://t.co/URizFubM2o
IMPORTANT: We’re asking the National Archives to release any and all documents they have from Brett Kavanaugh’s time on the staff of Ken Starr’s investigation. As an author of the Starr Report, his writings from this time are important to evaluating his nomination.
We have a very robust intern program, and it’s always a pleasure sitting down with them to discuss their experience. I look forward to seeing where these bright students take their careers. https://t.co/iTWBM6ld6M
Women have a right to full information from their doctors when they make health care decisions. I joined my colleagues in submitting a comment opposing this rule change. A woman’s health decisions should remain between her and her doctor. https://t.co/Rv2FwrRmgm
I’m deeply concerned the Trump administration’s proposed changes to Title X will make it significantly harder for women to get the health care they need. The proposed rule will allow politicians with extreme ideological views to interfere with women’s health care.
We’re calling on the Trump administration to immediately restore U.S. funding for humanitarian assistance to Gaza. A peace agreement won’t be possible until we improve the unlivable conditions that are fueling tensions in one of the most densely populated places on Earth. https://t.co/6EFzErbtp9
Food aid and medical relief are desperately needed in Gaza. By withholding assistance to the Palestinian people, President Trump is making the humanitarian crisis even worse.  https://t.co/mfDVAwtVYh
RT @SenatorLeahy: BREAKING: Senate Republicans’ vetting of Judge Kavanaugh’s record just moved from being shameful to an outright sham.		My…
If Republicans don’t want to review Brett Kavanaugh’s record, they don’t have to. But they shouldn’t deny the public and Democrats who want to fulfill their constitutional responsibility the opportunity to fully vet this nominee and better understand his views.
The only documents that will be available before then are those that have been personally approved by President George W. Bush’s private lawyer, a man who also represents Steve Bannon, Don McGahn and Reince Priebus. This has never been done before.
IMPORTANT: The National Archives today announced that it would take until the end of October to produce records from Brett Kavanaugh’s two years in the White House Counsel’s office.
Great thread on how California led the way on #CleanCarStandards https://t.co/sS4lD0kASZ
RT @AirResources: .@JerryBrownGov, @AGBecerra &amp; @MaryNicholsCA: At Every Turn, We Will Defend Our Nation’s #CleanCarStandards		Read more ➡️…
BREAKING: The National Archives won't complete its production of even the limited number of Brett Kavanaugh's records Republicans requested until OCTOBER. Republicans are trying to hide Kavanaugh's record from the American people by rushing his nomination. #ReleaseTheRecords
President Trump may want to ignore the science but he can’t ignore the law. I’ve joined @SenKamalaHarris in leading a resolution to protect national fuel economy and greenhouse gas emissions standards. We won’t let this attack on clean air &amp; public health happen without a fight.
Once again California will find itself fighting a misguided Trump administration decision. We led the way to establish #CleanCarStandards and we’ll lead the fight to keep them. https://t.co/Nm7gPT2gJK
“Bush’s top adviser, Karl Rove, described Kavanaugh as being at the heart of the Bush administration in shaping White House policy.” #ReleaseTheRecords https://t.co/k52jloC4gz
Californians have a right to breathe clean air, and we’re not giving that up to President Trump without a fight. The Trump administration wants to roll back years of progress on fuel economy standards and usher in an era of uncertainty for automakers and consumers alike. https://t.co/dq361LrPyu
When Elena Kagan was nominated, Republicans demanded records from her ENTIRE White House tenure because they knew how important they were to evaluating her record. There’s no reason it should be different with Brett Kavanaugh. https://t.co/MAyI7kSNEQ
Great read on how Republicans are breaking from standard practice on Supreme Court nominees by only requesting records on TWO years, rather than ALL FIVE years of Kavanaugh’s time in the White House. https://t.co/MAyI7kSNEQ
As Brett Kavanaugh said, staff secretaries play a pivotal role in any White House. He called his years in the Bush White House “among the most instructive” to his time as a judge. The American people deserve to understand his record from his formative years. #ReleaseTheRecords https://t.co/1ow5mfOMmn
Democrats are requesting Brett Kavanaugh’s records as has always been done. Why? Because he’s been nominated to a lifetime appointment. The public deserves a thorough review of this nominee. He could affect all Americans for generations. Every Senator should be fully informed. https://t.co/apvYk5cCjD
BREAKING: Senate just passed my provision to transfer seven C-130 air tankers to California to help fight deadly wildfires. https://t.co/NLiZWfCPbW
Unfortunately the chairman made his own unilateral request without Democrats that left out three years of Kavanaugh’s career – three years that Kavanaugh himself said were some of the most formative for his time as a judge. That’s not stalling, that’s doing our job.
I wrote a letter to the chairman just a few days after the Kavanaugh nomination was made to start the process for requesting documents. I’ve made several offers to accommodate his concerns, including providing search terms to expedite document retrieval.
Some Republicans are going to the Senate floor saying Democrats are “stalling” by asking for Kavanaugh documents during his years in the White House. Not only is that a flip flop from their own (exact same) request in 2010, but it’s also flat out wrong.
We’re not asking to see White House cafeteria menus. Staff secretaries play a central role in every administration and are involved in everything from policy making to executive orders and signing statements. #ReleaseTheRecords  https://t.co/k52jloC4gz
RT @ChrisCoons: I’ve been hearing @realDonaldTrump and @RudyGiuliani claiming that ‘collusion is not a crime.’ Well, I took the liberty of…
Democrats are making the exact same request for Brett Kavanaugh's nomination that was made for the Elena Kagan nomination. It was appropriate then and it is appropriate now. The American public shouldn’t be denied an opportunity to review his record. #ReleaseTheRecords
It’s clear the only people who insist staff secretaries are “traffic cops” are Senate Republicans. Former staff secretaries and Brett Kavanaugh himself disagree. #ReleaseTheRecords https://t.co/k52jloC4gz
.@JudiciaryDems today requested ALL records from Brett Kavanaugh's time in the Bush White House. He was a top adviser who worked on many controversial issues and we need ALL records to determine his views on these matters. #ReleaseTheRecords
The Presidential Records Act makes clear that Brett Kavanaugh’s records belong to the American people—not Republicans or Democrats. That is why senators and the American people need to see ALL his records. #ReleaseTheRecords
IMPORTANT: A Republican lawyer representing Steve Bannon, Don McGahn, Reince Priebus in the Russia probe and Judge Alex Kozinski on harassment allegations is deciding which of Brett Kavanaugh's records are turned over. This has NEVER been done. This is the National Archives' job.
Congress should act to prevent the administration from EVER reinstating a separation policy. We should pass a narrow bill to keep families together. https://t.co/VmHDwIcgPb
It’s not an exaggeration to say that the policies of President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions may essentially orphan hundreds of immigrant children. We need to keep on this administration until all children who were taken are reunited with their parents.
The Trump administration has pursued what I believe is a deeply immoral and haphazard policy that fundamentally betrays American values. https://t.co/5EGX1Fmyxs
Great read from two former White House staff secretaries who echo Kavanaugh himself on how important and involved the role is with an administration’s policymaking process. #ReleaseTheRecords https://t.co/k52jloC4gz
The current fuel economy standards are working, saving families more than $60 billion at the pump while reducing harmful emissions. We’re not going to let President Trump stop our progress now. https://t.co/aHXFgD8JZ9
The State and Justice departments must explain why they’re allowing the publication of 3D gun designs. This decision means terrorists and criminals can get their hands on unrestricted, unlicensed and untraceable weapons. https://t.co/0HZufUCUc7
RT @SenateDems: Starting soon: @SenSchumer &amp; @SenatorDurbin join legal experts to push back on Republicans’ unprecedented efforts to hide J…
BREAKING: @JudiciaryDems have requested ALL Kavanaugh White House records from the Archives, just as Republicans did for Kagan in 2010. But today, Rs withheld their support. We MUST fully vet nominees for lifetime appointments to the highest court in the land. #ReleaseTheRecords
HAPPENING NOW: The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on family separations. You can watch my opening remarks starting shortly: https://t.co/OufOeQ1F8Y
It’s clear who’s benefited the most from the #GOPTaxBill. CEO pay is hitting record highs while the average worker’s salary has actually fallen. Now Republicans want to use their tax giveaway to the rich as an excuse to gut Medicare and Medicaid. https://t.co/L9xgQSqcLR
A Marine, social worker, councilman, 13-term congressman and mayor, Ron Dellums lived to serve others. I will never forget his courage, or the pride with which he represented California and the East Bay. My deepest condolences to his loved ones. We will miss him.
We’ve already seen the influence of dark money on our elections, the federal courts and the Supreme Court. Now, tax-exempt organizations will no longer have to disclose their donors, making it even easier for foreign actors and special interests to buy influence with dark money. https://t.co/0FPiZedSL9
For 53 years Medicaid and Medicare have been providing critical health coverage to our nation’s seniors, families and most vulnerable. We can’t let the GOP’s tax cuts for the rich be used to justify deep cuts to these two vital programs. #Medicaid53 #Medicare53 https://t.co/j0Tc5VjrsB
There is a reason I led the charge to strengthen the fuel economy standards in 2007. Fuel economy standards were frozen in place for three decades, and the American people insisted on stronger standards and better technology. https://t.co/yM0XaGyuGd
We know Russia tried to meddle in our 2016 elections. Now, with 100 days until the 2018 midterms, we have to make sure we’re doing everything possible to stop them from doing it again. We’re calling on the Trump administration to hold Russia accountable. https://t.co/AcTvUpVJQG
Heartbroken to hear the wildfire death toll has risen and includes 4 firefighters. Please continue to follow @Cal_Fire closely and evacuate immediately if an order is given. My thoughts are with those displaced by the fires and our firefighters working to contain &amp; control them.
I’m demanding the National Archives take immediate action to produce Brett Kavanaugh’s record. Denying the Senate access to records to vet his nomination is unprecedented and unconscionable. https://t.co/nU4YoGkwHY
IMPORTANT: Under the law, all presidents’ records belong to the American people. For the first time ever, those records are being denied to Democrats who need them to vet Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court. This is wrong.
The Presidential Records Act makes clear that White House records, including Brett Kavanaugh's, belong to the American people. Now, the National Archives is refusing to provide those records to Democrats so we can vet his nomination. This has NEVER happened. #ReleaseTheRecords
There are significant questions about whether Brett Kavanaugh told Congress the truth when he was nominated to the D.C. Circuit in 2003 and 2006. Documents from Kavanaugh's time in the White House are critical to answering those questions. https://t.co/WRK6pLfzZz
Why are Republicans and the White House resisting making Brett Kavanaugh's full record public? He has been nominated to a lifetime appointment on the highest court in the land. We need to see his COMPLETE record. #ReleaseTheRecords https://t.co/lU2E8IeTZ1
I’m closely following the wildfire situation in California. With 14 large fires burning statewide, please pay attention to evacuation orders from public safety officials. If you are told to evacuate, do so without delay. Follow @Cal_Fire for the latest updates.
This bill will continue support for high-quality career and technical education programs in California and across the country. Nearly 12 million high school and college students benefited from these programs from 2015 to 2016. I proudly support this bill.
It’s great to see the Perkins Career Technical Education Act pass both the Senate and the House this week. This is a no-brainer bill that helps prepare students for credentialed and skilled jobs.
If reports are true that President Trump knew in advance of the 2016 Trump Tower meeting, it would suggest that Donald Trump Jr. may have misled Judiciary Committee staff when he was interviewed. It further demonstrates why he must come before the committee to answer questions.
The remains of American troops are on their way home from North Korea. I hope this brings peace and comfort to the families whose loved ones never returned from the Korean War. We must continue the search until every service member is brought home.
Democrats are asking that requests for Brett Kavanaugh's records follow the same standard that Republicans demanded for Justice Elena Kagan. We’re simply asking for the same treatment. #ReleaseTheRecords https://t.co/kwJxB1Qdrb
Republicans argued in the past that the Senate must see all documents for a Supreme Court nominee, but now they’re trying to change the standard. We're asking for the SAME documents from Brett Kavanaugh's White House years that Republicans asked for previously. #ReleaseTheRecords https://t.co/kHW8OtRlBJ
Taking children from their parents goes against the most basic notions of what America stands for. We decided to give a voice to 54 parents describing a trauma no one should ever have to experience. #FamiliesBelongTogether https://t.co/497R8zjiDW
RT @CAL_FIRE: #CarrFire [update] off Hwy 299 and Carr Powerhouse Rd, Whiskeytown (Shasta County) is now 44,450 acres and 3% contained. NEW…
The American people don’t need to take my word on the importance of Brett Kavanaugh’s role as staff secretary. He has been crystal clear as to how critical the position was in influencing his perspective as a judge. That's why we need ALL of his records. #ReleaseTheRecords https://t.co/cDLbtPNhK0
As staff secretary, Brett Kavanaugh was one of the most senior White House advisors. Republicans are claiming that he was just a paper pusher who told President Bush what was for lunch. That’s FALSE, not to mention ridiculous. #ReleaseTheRecords https://t.co/JON68OCkHv
.@realDonaldTrump created a crisis by separating families at the US-Mexico border. It's his and his administrations’ responsibility to reunite families TODAY.  #FamiliesBelongTogether
No more extensions. Separated families have suffered enough trauma and deserve to be reunited no later than today - the court-ordered deadline. #FamiliesBelongTogether
The scars of separation continue to intensify as families remain separated because of @realDonaldTrump’s policy. Families MUST be reunited by today’s deadline. The clock is ticking. #FamiliesBelongTogether
There's no excuse for cutting corners when you're evaluating a nominee for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. To do a thorough review of Brett Kavanaugh's record, we need all the documents from his five years in the White House. #ReleaseTheRecords https://t.co/dm1HYpl1em
Documents from Brett Kavanaugh's time as White House staff secretary are critical to understanding his knowledge of and involvement with torture, warrantless wiretapping and the use of signing statements to circumvent Congress, to name just a few key issues. #ReleasetheRecords https://t.co/PhPhOoRcL6
70 years ago President Truman desegregated the armed forces as part of a broader effort to end institutionalized racism. It didn’t end racism in the military overnight, but Truman saw the importance of protecting those who served and the example it might set for society at large.
I’m standing in solidarity with separated immigrant families and fighting to ensure that all of the children separated by @realDonaldTrump’s policy are reunited by today’s deadline. #FamiliesBelongTogether
President Trump has admitted to separating more than 2,500 from their families – however, the number is likely much larger. I'm holding him accountable to reunite these children with their parents by today’s court-ordered deadline #FamilesBelongTogether
All senators should want to know what kind of Justice Brett Kavanaugh would be. We should look at what he says are the “most instructive parts” of his record—his time in the White House—to make that judgment. #ReleaseTheRecords
Brett Kavanaugh himself said his "three years as Staff Secretary for President Bush were the most interesting and in many ways among the most instructive" for his work as a judge. The Republican claim that his White House records aren't needed to evaluate his nomination is WRONG.
The American people deserve to see Brett Kavanaugh's full record. They’re the ones who will be affected for generations if he’s confirmed to a lifetime appointment on the Supreme Court. Brett Kavanaugh’s entire record must be made public. #ReleaseTheRecords
There are no grounds for House Republicans to impeach Rod Rosenstein. Trying to remove him for failing to disclose sources, methods and evidence from a criminal investigation is beyond the pale. This is partisan nonsense. It’s dangerous for the rule of law and it needs to stop.
We’ve lost a great Californian with the passing of Aiko Herzig Yoshinaga. She fought tirelessly for recognition that internment of Japanese-Americans ran contrary to our most basic values. Her courage is an inspiration to us all. https://t.co/C3QIzRwwni
It’s unforgivable that so many veterans are homeless and living on the streets. They served our country; it’s now our duty to serve them and make sure they have the resources they need to carry on their lives.
Great to speak with San Bernardino County Supervisor Josie Gonzales and Maria Razo, executive director of the San Bernardino County Housing Authority. We talked about homelessness and the need for more affordable housing, especially for homeless veterans and their families. https://t.co/GUUeKlFlEg
The Trump administration’s decision to allow designs for a 3D printed gun to be distributed freely online is baffling and a complete about-face. It will allow terrorists and criminals to easily get their hands on guns. https://t.co/XnZ6S0kKHA
President Trump is sticking taxpayers with the bill for his failed trade war. California’s farmers want access to markets, not a $12 billion bailout.	https://t.co/o1LXG7swoT
The head of the DOJ’s Criminal Division, Brian Benczkowski, represented a Russian bank suspected of communicating with the Trump campaign during the 2016 election. He must recuse himself from all aspects of the Special Counsel investigation to avoid any conflicts of interest. https://t.co/vKzKnEFUob
There must be a full and transparent accounting of what Michigan State University, the U.S. Olympic Committee, USA Gymnastics and the FBI all knew and did about Dr. Larry Nassar while he continued to abuse young girls. https://t.co/pQ2WzoZP8j
Great read on why mile-long driftnets should finally be banned in California waters. These unwieldy nets are killing marine life indiscriminately, and our waters are the last place in the country where driftnets are legal. Our bill will phase them out.  https://t.co/BIRHTfJets
BREAKING: California will soon get more large air tankers to help fight increasingly devastating wildfires. 		https://t.co/TPx5YSi4dR https://t.co/xrOPundNkP
Instead of providing a Band-Aid for his disastrous trade policies, President Trump could help farmers by ending his unnecessary trade war. Throwing taxpayer money at President Trump’s problem won’t fix it.
President Trump still doesn’t get it on trade. California farmers export around $20 billion worth of agricultural goods every year, yet the president continues to attack our closest trade partners while failing to open new markets.
California’s farmers want access to foreign markets, not a $12 billion taxpayer-funded handout for President Trump’s failed trade war.
President Trump's gag rule blocks women from getting complete information about their care. All women deserve the information they need to make the best decisions for them and their families. #NoGagRule: Not now, not ever.
The Trump administration’s terrible gag rule will block women from seeing trusted health care providers. This is an attack on a woman’s right to make her own health care choices, plain and simple. #NoGagRule
California’s farmers and workers hurt by your tariffs would disagree. Trade wars close markets to American exports and drive up prices here at home, making it harder for families to make ends meet. https://t.co/mkFXMjv6HJ
Parents don’t want harmful chemicals in their children’s food. We’ve introduced a bill to remove phthalates, a chemical used in food packaging that pediatricians warn can harm children, from any material that touches our food. https://t.co/ciOqQXic4m
President Trump’s fiery tweets only serve to distract our diplomats overseas, making their job considerably more difficult. It’s long past due for President Trump to put down his phone and start acting like the leader of the free world. https://t.co/Wnu7CEqyA4
President Trump’s obsession with looking tough on Twitter is weakening our standing on the world stage and seriously jeopardizing our national security. Since taking office, he has made a dangerous habit of attacking world leaders online. https://t.co/7YLiuDYVh5
Here’s another unbelievable message I feel compelled to send President Trump: threatening war in a late-night tweet isn’t diplomacy, it’s folly and beneath the office he holds. https://t.co/Zlz4r9pbIc
RT @SenatorLeahy: My @nytimes op-ed: Judge Kavanaugh was involved in some of the most politically charged moments of our recent history. Re…
Robert Wilkie has a history of defending many controversial policies and officials. The VA needs a leader who will fight for all veterans and push back against attempts to privatize care. I don’t think Robert Wilkie is that leader, and I cannot support his nomination.
We expect more than 1 million documents related to Brett Kavanaugh’s time in the White House and as a Republican operative. It’s critical the American public fully understands his complete record before the Senate votes on a lifetime appointment. #ReleaseTheRecords
It was a pleasure to meet with the incoming German ambassador, Emily Haber. Germany is a vitally important ally that shares common values and interests with the United States, and I’m confident Amb. Haber will represent her nation well. https://t.co/RTdlw9O9aE
My thoughts are with the victims of the shooting in Silver Lake and South LA over the weekend. Gun violence is far too commonplace, and this shooting demonstrates the frightening correlation between domestic violence and guns.  We can and must do more to address both.
Every senator should want to see all of Brett Kavanaugh’s record, just as we would for any nominee. The Supreme Court is a lifetime appointment. There’s no justification for anything less than a complete review. #ReleaseTheRecords
Brett Kavanaugh has spent much of his career as a Republican operative and in the White House. Just as it was for prior nominees, the entirety of his record is relevant and necessary for the Judiciary Committee to consider his nomination. #ReleaseTheRecords
I am proud to support the Youth Climate March happening today in San Francisco, Los Angeles, and cities around the world for climate justice. Young people nationwide know that we must act now to avoid the worst effects of climate change. Join @thisiszerohour in a city near you.
Kavanuagh’s hearings when he was nominated to the D.C. Circuit left questions for many senators as to the accuracy of his testimony. A full review of his records is vital to ensure all senators can vet him. #ReleaseTheRecords
Another far right-wing Trump nominee: Jonathan F. Mitchell is leading the effort to use federal courts to bankrupt public-sector unions so they can’t fight for fair pay and good health care. https://t.co/ZZX18WVimg
Republicans want a Supreme Court justice who will defer to ideology instead of settled law on the court. This is an attempt to reverse the progress we’ve made in decade after decade of Court rulings. All the progress we’ve won in the courts is #WhatsAtStake
RT @SenatorDurbin: Judge Kavanaugh never replied to a letter I sent him 11 years ago about a misleading answer he gave during Congressional…
We’re asking to review ALL of the records from Kavanaugh’s career to fulfill the Senate’s ‘advice and consent’ responsibility. Reviewing the entirety of a nominee’s record is what the Judiciary Committee has always done. #ReleaseTheRecords
Kavanaugh’s time in the White House overlapped with the torture and rendition program and warrantless spying. That’s why we need ALL his records, not just those from his time as a judge. #ReleaseTheRecords
Issues Brett Kavanaugh was involved in as a Republican political operative and in the Bush White House:		Starr investigation	Bush v. Gore	Torture	Warrantless Spying	Rendition of prisoners		We need ALL of Brett Kavanaugh's documents to fully review his record.
I joined with @SenKamalaHarris to introduce the Rent Relief Act today. Our bill will put more money in families’ pockets by allowing renters to claim a tax credit for high housing costs, similar to what homeowners already receive.
40% of Covered California's rate increase for next year is DIRECTLY attributable to Republican policies. Make no mistake, Republican sabotage of the Affordable Care Act is causing families and the federal government to pay more for health care.
I joined 23 of my colleagues in opposing President Trump’s efforts to repeal an important offshore drilling safety rule put in place after the Deepwater Horizon disaster. Join me in telling President Trump to #ProtectOurCoast from more catastrophic spills. https://t.co/CyR3H6TDM1
Ryan Bounds' racially-charged college writings convinced Republicans to oppose his nomination to the 9th Circuit. How can Republicans possibly argue that Brett Kavanaugh's records from the WHITE HOUSE aren't relevant to a Supreme Court nomination? #ReleaseTheRecords
President Trump is abandoning important drilling safety rules at the same time his administration is trying to expand offshore drilling.  Tell President Trump we won’t tolerate more oil spills. #ProtectOurCoast https://t.co/CyR3H6TDM1
As a political operative and in the White House, Kavanaugh’s work touched many controversial subjects including the Starr investigation, Bush v. Gore, Guantanamo military tribunals and the torture of prisoners. That’s why we need to review ALL of his records. #ReleaseTheRecords
We expect more than 1 million documents related to Brett Kavanaugh’s time in the White House and as a Republican operative. It’s critical the American public fully understands his complete record before the Senate votes on a lifetime appointment. #ReleaseTheRecords
Reports indicate that Kavanaugh may have misled Congress in 2006 about his involvement with policies like torture during the Bush era. He never responded to @SenatorDurbin’s letter asking for clarification. All Senators should want to get to the bottom of this  #ReleaseTheRecords
To properly vet Brett Kavanaugh, the Senate Judiciary Committee needs access to all documents from his time at the White House and as a political operative. #ReleaseTheRecords
It’s stunning that President Trump would entertain an obviously outrageous request by Vladimir Putin to interrogate a former U.S. ambassador. I strongly support the resolution introduced today that condemns this idea in no uncertain terms.
When Justice Kagan was nominated, Democrats helped Republicans obtain documents from her time in the White House. There were no claims of executive privilege and documents were made public. I expect nothing less as we review Brett Kavanaugh’s records. #ReleaseTheRecords
A pleasure to sit down with the @Teamsters yesterday and discuss how to support good paying jobs and highway safety for all. https://t.co/uDLQuSGNxx
Powerful moment during last night's #ESPYS. Thank you to the survivors for courageously sharing their stories to protect future generations of athletes from abuse. https://t.co/PMEWb1WVKc
Acting-Director Mulvaney’s dismissal of the @CFPB’s Consumer Advisory Board is absurd. He must reinstate the board immediately so these qualified professionals, who volunteer their time, can help the @CFPB fulfill its mission to protect consumers from abusive financial practices.
The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing today on efforts to address backlogs in rape-kit testing. It’s clear the Debbie Smith Act is having a meaningful effect and deserves to be reauthorized. Watch the full hearing here:	https://t.co/VvCQsqplik
IMPORTANT: Republicans are taking another step to destroy the judicial nominations process as we know it by confirming Ryan Bounds without approval from home-state senators @RonWyden &amp; @SenJeffMerkley. The Congressional Research Service says this has never happened. #CourtsMatter
President Trump’s reckless trade war is hitting our agricultural communities hard. China is a major market for California crops and the president still doesn’t have a plan to get us out of the mess he’s created. We need relief for our farmers NOW! https://t.co/lfaCptDZFZ
Every Republican just voted to confirm Andy Oldham to a lifetime judgeship despite his extreme, political record.  He’s defended laws that would harm women’s access to health care. He led an effort to overturn the ACA. And he’s fought a California gun safety law. #CourtsMatter
APPLY NOW: We secured $2 billion for wildfire relief for farmers and growers affected by the deadly 2017 fire season. Find more info here on how to apply:	https://t.co/SyuawInjjk
President Trump, you’re WRONG. Here are some people who say Russia is STILL targeting our elections: FBI Director Christopher Wray, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. It’s not OK to believe a former KGB agent over your own experts! https://t.co/OALEwKHTiK
We’ve seen this before: a Republican Supreme Court nominee promises to respect precedent during confirmation hearings then proceeds to overturn decades of settled law. Promises from Kavanaugh shouldn’t be enough, we must look at his record. #WhatsAtStake
Proof that fighting climate change will strengthen our economy: California cut greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 levels and our economy grew by 26%. We’ve hit our climate goal four years early. Now let’s see how quickly we can hit our 2030 goal! https://t.co/0EMmxTRCX3
Marriage equality and a woman’s right to make her own health choices are two achievements that took years in court to win and are built on decades of precedent. We can’t afford to have that work undone by an ideological justice substituting their own opinion. #WhatsAtStake
President Trump promised that his judges would overturn Roe v. Wade and Brett Kavanaugh praised the dissent arguing that Roe was wrongly decided. If he pledges to respect precedent in his hearing, that pledge does not deserve to be taken seriously.
It’s horrifying that the Trump administration is shackling pregnant women in immigrant detention centers. This immoral treatment is hurting women’s health &amp; some women have had miscarriages. I’m joining @PattyMurray to introduce a bill that will put an end to this shameful policy
Thrilled to hear the San Diego Regional Task Force on the Homeless has been awarded $7.9 million to implement a Youth Homelessness Demonstration Program. Calif is home to 20% of all homeless kids in the U.S. and I'm committed to supporting innovative, effective solutions. @RTFHSD
California waters are the last place in the U.S. where these deadly, mile-long nets are still legal. Thank you @acousteau for your work to help finally ban these outdated fishing nets, protect our vibrant marine life and create sustainable fisheries.		https://t.co/6Qe7fhnzog
Important op-ed by @acousteau. She lays out why we must pass our bill to phase out drift gillnets in California waters. These deadly nets inadvertently kill more marine mammals in our waters than die on the rest of the West Coast combined.  https://t.co/0dAZn7w469
Thomas, Alito, Roberts and Gorsuch used the same playbook: 1. Profess loyalty to precedent in Senate hearings 2. Overturn precedent once on the bench. We can’t accept vague promises when so much, from women’s access to health care to marriage equality, is #WhatsAtStake.
Precedent guides judges in future cases, ensuring stability in the law. Republican Supreme Court nominees have ignored precedent as soon as they are confirmed, overturning decades of settled law. #WhatsAtStake
Impeaching Rod Rosenstein for doing his job is ridiculous. Last week, he announced 12 indictments of Russians for interfering with US elections. House Republicans are putting party over country. Russian meddling in our election needs to be investigated without interference.
House Republicans’ efforts to impeach Rosenstein are just the latest in a string of unprecedented attempts to disrupt an ongoing investigation. It's especially outrageous after the President's statements blaming the U.S. for Russian interference.
It’s shameful that House Republicans are trying to undermine the Mueller investigation by seeking to impeach Rod Rosenstein. Combined with the President's statements yesterday letting Putin off the hook, the Republicans' strategy to help our adversary Russia needs to stop now.
I requested documents and an interview with Maria Butina to determine if she used the NRA to establish communications or funnel Russian money to the Trump campaign. She refused to comply, citing the lack of Republican support. Today she was charged for acting as a Russian agent.
The persecution of the Rohingya by the Burmese military is appalling. Sanctions against Burma must be included in the defense bill to hold accountable those who committed these crimes against humanity https://t.co/0epOvwRwyD
RT @SenateDems: Days after the Justice Department indicted 12 Russian intelligence officers for interference in our elections, @realDonaldT…
President Trump has to stop kowtowing to Vladimir Putin, and his Republican allies in Washington have to stand up and say enough is enough.
President Trump not only rejected the U.S. intelligence community’s unanimous public assessment that Russia interfered in our elections, he went so far as to say Russia’s attacks on us were our fault, that poor relations are due to U.S. ‘foolishness and stupidity.’
After doing his best to undermine NATO and insult our closest allies, today President Trump stood arm-in-arm with Vladimir Putin and did nothing to hold him accountable for his actions.
Key point in Special Counsel Mueller’s indictment: Russians hacked a state election board website and stole the information of 500,000 voters.
By not holding Vladimir Putin accountable for interfering in the 2016 election, President Trump is failing to protect our national security and the integrity of our democracy. Period.
Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has yielded indictments of 32 individuals and three companies to date. He is following the facts and producing significant results.
Key point in Special Counsel Mueller’s indictment: Guccifer 2.0 was a Russian front that coordinated the release of Democrats stolen emails to influence the 2016 election.
Key point in Special Counsel Mueller’s indictment: After President Trump said “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails,” Russian intelligence officials attempted to spearfish Secretary Clinton’s server.
The intelligence community had already concluded that Russian intelligence, at the direction of Vladimir Putin, hacked Democrats during the 2016 campaign. Special Counsel Mueller’s indictment provides significant new detail as to what happened and the Russian agents responsible.
Key point in Special Counsel Mueller’s indictment: A dozen Russian military intelligence officials conducted the hacking of Democrats during the 2016 campaign.
Key point in Special Counsel Mueller’s indictment: Russians communicated with at least one American who ‘was in regular contact with senior members of the presidential campaign of Donald J. Trump’ about the release of stolen documents.
Earlier this year, we introduced a bipartisan bill to address hate crimes against religious institutions, after the concerning rise in bomb threats to Jewish community centers and threats against Islamic centers and mosques. We must get this bill passed.
It’s startling to see a hike in hate crimes in California. The rise of bigotry and hateful rhetoric is having an appalling effect on our society.		https://t.co/WWDkH39RGv
IMPORTANT: The Trump administration is unilaterally rewriting laws passed by Congress to bar domestic violence victims from seeking refuge in the United States. This is horrific.
The Trump administration has declined to defend the Affordable Care Act in court and the case will likely end up in the Supreme Court. Make no mistake, health care for millions of Americans could depend on who fills the current vacancy. #WhatsAtStake
President Trump nominated a Justice to the Supreme Court who would overturn Roe, restrict women’s freedom when it comes to their health care choices, and strike down key health care protections for millions of Americans. Now more than ever is the time to fight #WhatsAtStake
Roe v. Wade is law of the land. To insist that a Supreme Court nominee pledge to overturn that precedent is undemocratic, disrespectful of our institutions and an insult to Americans. #WhatsAtStake
Make no mistake, this Supreme Court vacancy is vital for the right of women to control their own health care. The president has a clear litmus test for his nominees, and that means the deciding vote against Roe v. Wade. #SaveSCOTUS #WhatsAtStake
We called on the Trump administration to review whether corporate executives are using billions in savings from the #GOPTaxCut to manipulate the market to pad their own pockets. We’re still waiting for a response. https://t.co/wfNVZ5ooil
Six months after it passed, corporations continue to use the #GOPTaxCut to enrich wealthy shareholders instead of giving workers a much-deserved raise. https://t.co/Pxwbms0o0x
After failing to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Republicans are now using courts to gut the law and strip health care from millions of Americans, including those with pre-existing conditions. #WhatsAtStake
Judge Kavanaugh received President’s Trump nomination because he passed the president’s litmus test of being hostile to Roe v. Wade. If he were to be confirmed, women’s reproductive rights would be in the hands of five men on the Supreme Court #WhatsAtStake
President Trump nominated a Justice to the Supreme Court who would overturn Roe, restrict women’s freedom when it comes to their health care choices, and strike down key health care protections for millions of Americans. Now more than ever is the time to fight #WhatsAtStake
WATCH: I'll be delivering remarks at the Senate Judiciary Committee shortly. Tune in here:	https://t.co/n5XGdnt6Ps
Roe v. Wade defends the principle that individuals should be able to make personal decisions according to their beliefs and values. A Supreme Court justice who would vote to overturn Roe strikes at the heart of personal freedom. #WhatsAtStake
It seems the administration lacks even the most basic facts about President Trump’s family separation policy. The Office of Refugee Resettlement needs competent leadership to reunite children with their parents and that means the director must be replaced. https://t.co/VGPPuPfmgq
Roe v. Wade is about limiting the government’s power to interfere in a range of personal decisions. Overturning Roe v. Wade will erode more than just reproductive rights, it will erode personal liberty along with it. #WhatsAtStake
Texas v. United States could make its way to the Supreme Court in an upcoming term, giving Pres. Trump’s nominee a critical role in determining whether Americans with pre-existing conditions will continue to have access to affordable, quality health care or will be punished. https://t.co/ZNuP2ntBTa
Overturning Roe v. Wade should concern us all. It’s about more than a woman’s right to choose. It’s about personal freedom and the importance of Supreme Court precedent to our democracy. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/FXmhToqGJ7
By saying Germany is “totally controlled” by Russia, President Trump undermines one of the world’s most important alliances. NATO countries have fought alongside Americans for almost 70 years. His insults weaken our security and undercut our national interests.
Brett Kavanaugh, who passed Pres. Trump’s litmus test on the Affordable Care Act, could be the vote that decides whether cancer patients, people with diabetes and pregnant women can be discriminated against by insurers as they were in the days before the ACA. #WhatsAtStake
The nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation estimates this case could take health care away from 52 million Americans with pre-existing conditions. It’s possible the case, Texas v. United States, will ultimately be decided by the Supreme Court. #WhatsAtStake
In June, the Trump administration stopped defending the Affordable Care Act in a pending lawsuit, instead joining the anti-ACA side. The Republican-led states leading the suit are trying to invalidate protections for people with pre-existing conditions. #WhatsAtStake
WATCH: Senate Democrats will be speaking on #WhatsAtStake for your health care with President Trump's Supreme Court nominee:		https://t.co/JyU2cFxuK3
President Trump has tried, and failed, to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Now he’s trying to sabotage it any way he can. Cutting funding for groups that help Americans sign up for insurance is a cynical political move that could result in more uninsured.
I’m thrilled by the news that Liu Xia has been allowed to leave China. Her release is long overdue, and I wish her health and happiness. https://t.co/ImWXlRu9xJ
If President Trump is sincere about peace, he’ll call on Israel to stop expanding illegal settlements that are designed to carve up the West Bank and to halt the demolition of Khan al-Ahmar and Susya. https://t.co/h7fA3GIhHy
In Gaza, 9 out of 10 people don’t have access to safe, public drinking water. More than one million rely on food aid, and poverty exceeds 40%. We must do more to end this humanitarian crisis that’s helping fuel the anger and violence we’re seeing in Gaza.
With no plan for peace, the Trump administration has shifted focus on rebuilding Gaza. This is a good first step. https://t.co/lfcoDoZJqW
President Trump's actions are pushing peace between Israel and the Palestinians further out of reach. https://t.co/LPge5Dfcgx
UPDATE: The Trump administration has failed to meet the court deadline to reunite children under the age of 5 with their parents. This is an abject failure. Congress has a moral obligation to stop this, since the Trump administration lacks the competency to do so.
Roe v. Wade is about privacy and the Constitutional promise of individual liberty. It’s not just about women’s reproductive rights—it enshrines decades of precedent on personal freedom and is the foundation of future defense of these rights. #WhatsAtStake
RT @SenatorLeahy: “I have a message for Donald Trump:  The Constitution does not direct the President to nominate Justices with the advice…
Great op-ed from Nancy Northup, president of @ReproRights, on why Roe v. Wade affects all Americans. “It’s about rearing our children without unwarranted government interference. It’s about choosing whom we want to marry.” #WhatsAtStake  		https://t.co/PXuIzCDKLh
Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has resulted in 23 indictments, 5 guilty pleas &amp; 1 prison sentence in only one year. Confirming Benczkowski puts that investigation in jeopardy.
Benczkowski refuses to recuse himself from the Russia investigation despite having worked for a Russian bank under investigation for ties to Trump. He also pushed for Comey’s firing to AG Sessions while serving on the Trump transition team. Those are clear conflicts of interest.
RT @tictoc: Brett Kavanaugh’s “views are outside the mainstream, and there’s every reason to believe that he would overturn” Roe v. Wade,”…
Brett Kavanaugh's record indicates that he would be among the most conservative justices in Supreme Court history, his views are far outside the mainstream and there’s every reason to believe he would overturn Roe v. Wade. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/ILkkf4twk4
STARTING NOW: Judiciary Committee Democrats are speaking on the president’s nomination to the Supreme Court. https://t.co/E6VI5LFcDL
Brett Kavanaugh appears to meet all of President Trump’s political promises for how his candidate will rule. Kavanaugh’s record both on the bench and as a Republican operative indicate that he would be among the most conservative justices in Supreme Court history. #SCOTUS
President Trump has been crystal clear about his litmus tests. He said that any #SCOTUS nominee would oppose gun safety laws and Roe v. Wade would be overturned ‘automatically.' #WhatsAtStake
Brett Kavanaugh's views are far outside the mainstream when it comes to health care, executive power, privacy and gun safety. We need a nominee who understands that the court must protect the rights of all Americans, not just political interest groups and the powerful. #SCOTUS
As drug overdose deaths continue to rise, we need the CDC to better support forensic medicine. This is a public health crisis, and we need all the overdose data we can get to better understand treatment, addiction and the effectiveness of our response. https://t.co/1rXxmbDRgl
150 years ago the #14thAmendment extended due process and equal protection rights to all Americans. The Supreme Court has interpreted those protections to expand the rights of millions, ensuring access to contraception &amp; marriage equality. Progress is #WhatsAtStake
Guidelines on using car seats in airplanes exist for a reason. The FAA should be enforcing them uniformly so parents don’t get conflicting or unsafe directions when they fly. https://t.co/CUTVXkXQj7
Justice Kennedy was the deciding vote TWICE in support of access to safe, legal abortions. President Trump’s nominee could reverse decades of settled law. Ideologically stacking the court is an affront to our democracy. #WhatsAtStake
Cases that may make it to the Supreme Court: 		-Comprehensive health care coverage for nursing mothers. 	-False advertising by insurance companies about access to doctors.	-Requirements that wealthy corporations provide health care coverage to their workers. 		#WhatsAtStake
RT @vprnet: ICYMI: @SenatorLeahy spoke with @NPR @MorningEdition about the upcoming #SCOTUS nomination. Listen to that interview here: http…
The Supreme Court must protect the rights of ALL Americans, not just the wealthy and powerful. President Trump’s intent to nominate an extremist is a disservice to all. 70% of the country supports Roe v. Wade  #WhatsAtStake
Overturning Roe v. Wade would take us back to the days of women being severely injured and dying because they can’t get basic medical care. We’ve come too far to go back to those days. #SaveSCOTUS
Two-thirds of Americans don’t want women’s access to reproductive health care restricted. President Trump’s SCOTUS nominee could do just that by overturning Roe v. Wade and setting off at least 20 states’ “trigger laws” restricting abortions. #SaveSCOTUS #WhatsAtStake
President Trump pledged during the campaign he would only appoint “pro-life” justices. There's no reason to question whether any of the 25 potential nominees would uphold Roe v. Wade. We don’t have to guess—President Trump has promised that they will not. #WhatsAtStake
The Trump administration supports eliminating protections for those with pre-existing conditions by supporting lawsuits against them. A Trump justice could put health care for 52 million Americans at risk. #WhatsAtStake
When it comes to protecting a woman’s right to control her own body, the effect of one seat on the Supreme Court has never, ever been clearer. Justice Kennedy's replacement could eviscerate women’s freedoms for generations. #WhatsAtStake
#CourtsMatter because 45 years ago, access to safe and legal abortions wasn’t allowed in this country. An extremist Trump nominee could set us back decades. That’s #WhatsAtStake
The Trump administration has declined to defend the Affordable Care Act in court and the case will likely end up in the Supreme Court. Make no mistake, health care for millions of Americans could depend on who fills the current vacancy. #WhatsAtStake
Challenges to comprehensive health care coverage pending in lower courts and could end up in Supreme Court. Filling the vacancy with a hard-right justice could jeopardize quality care for nursing mothers, the transgender community and individuals with disabilities. #WhatsAtStake
The Trump administration is no longer defending the Affordable Care Act’s protections for pre-existing conditions. A new Trump Supreme Court justice could allow insurance companies to deny you coverage. #WhatsAtStake
The Supreme Court affects every American. We’ve already seen President Trump stacking courts with nominees far outside the mainstream. The highest court in the land shouldn’t be a tool of ideological agendas. #CourtsMatter #WhatsAtStake
A majority of Americans believe in protections for those with pre-existing conditions and a woman’s right to choose. Justice Kennedy’s replacement should not be an ideological judge who will roll back hard fought progress. #WhatsAtStake	https://t.co/1Z3B4eVSxE
A question on citizenship in the census is a cynical political ploy to discourage participation from immigrant communities. Recent reporting calls into question Secretary Ross’s earlier answers on his motives for including this question on the 2020 census and he needs to clarify. https://t.co/K3dwi9Qd4c
With the departure of Scott Pruitt, the EPA should return to its core mission of protecting the environment. The Trump administration needs to abandon its deregulatory agenda and instead take up the fight for clean air, clean water and a stable climate.
Justice Kennedy’s replacement on the Supreme Court could have a bigger effect on Americans daily lives than any justice in our lifetime. Pres. Trump owes it to the American people to nominate a moderate, consensus candidate, not an extremist. #WhatsAtStake	https://t.co/1Z3B4eEh94
The Supreme Court shouldn’t be hijacked by right-wing, dark money groups intent on gutting the Affordable Care Act. President Trump must choose a consensus nominee with views the majority of the country clearly supports. #WhatsAtStake	https://t.co/1Z3B4eVSxE
At least 20 states are poised to enact abortion bans immediately if Roe v. Wade is overturned. It’s no exaggeration to say that the stakes with this Supreme Court nomination couldn’t be higher. #WhatsAtStake
Rolling back Roe v. Wade is just one way an ideological Supreme Court Justice could hurt women. Undermining well-established constitutional rights of women to make their own health decisions could also lead to restricted access to contraception. #WhatsAtStake
Must read op-ed by @SenSchumer: The fight for the next Supreme Court justice is a fight to save the Affordable Care Act and Roe v. Wade. It’s that simple. The American people deserve a moderate nominee, not an extremist. #WhatsAtStake	https://t.co/1Z3B4eVSxE
Happy Fourth of July! I wish everyone a safe and restful Independence Day with loved ones as we celebrate our country’s 242nd birthday.
A single justice made the difference between safe, legal access to abortions and dangerous, back-alley procedures. A new justice may unravel that. #WhatsAtStake is a woman’s right to make choices about her own body. #SaveSCOTUS
Congress passed increased funding for low-income, first generation college students through the TRIO programs. The Department to Education must respect that and make funding available to TRIO participants instead of holding back funds. https://t.co/SJCJ035Fjq
Roe v. Wade is law of the land. To insist that a Supreme Court nominee pledge to overturn that precedent is undemocratic, disrespectful of our institutions and an insult to Americans. #WhatsAtStake
The Supreme Court has clearly allowed the use of race in college admissions. Rescinding guidance to schools on considering race will only discourage a practice that levels the playing field for students. Yet another example of Pres. Trump's need to undo everything Pres. Obama did https://t.co/lPnykZ9j0W
Make no mistake, this Supreme Court vacancy is vital for the right of women to control their own health care. The president has a clear litmus test for his nominees, and that means the deciding vote against Roe v. Wade. #SaveSCOTUS #WhatsAtStake
Justice Kennedy was a swing vote on key issues. The next justice must not be a hard-right ideologue who would further roll back progress on voting rights, worker rights, women’s rights and other key issues. #WhatsAtStake
Justice Kennedy’s votes had an outsize effect on Americans, from reaffirming Roe v. Wade &amp; ending the death penalty for minors to allowing EPA to reduce air pollution &amp; ending the ban on same-sex marriage. Kennedy's replacement could overturn these key decisions. #WhatsAtStake
54 years ago today, the Civil Rights Act became law, prohibiting discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. Though it was landmark in the fight against racial disparity, discrimination remains an issue we must work to end in all forms.
The Trump administration has declined to defend the Affordable Care Act in court and the case will likely end up in the Supreme Court. Make no mistake, health care for millions of Americans could depend on who fills the current vacancy. #WhatsAtStake https://t.co/N7tPysbuBo
Justice Kennedy was a swing vote on key issues. The next justice must not be a hard-right ideologue who would further roll back progress on voting rights, worker rights, women’s rights and other key issues. #WhatsAtStake
2.The Affordable Care Act guaranteed coverage for those with pre-existing conditions. 52 million Americans could lose health care coverage if those protections are invalidated by a Supreme Court ruling. #WhatsAtStake
1.After failing to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Republicans are now using courts to gut the law and strip health care from millions of Americans, including those with pre-existing conditions. #WhatsAtStake
A woman’s right to control her own body is at stake with the next Supreme Court nomination. Women nationwide have never been more galvanized and they deserve a say in who the next justice will be. #SaveSCOTUS https://t.co/k2h0VdIlHK
Challenges to comprehensive health care coverage pending in lower courts and could end up in Supreme Court. Filling the vacancy with a hard-right justice could jeopardize quality care for nursing mothers, the transgender community and individuals with disabilities. #WhatsAtStake
Cases that may make it to the Supreme Court:		Comprehensive health care coverage for nursing mothers	False advertising by insurance companies about access to doctors	Requirements that wealthy corporations provide health care coverage to their workers 		#WhatsAtStake
A single justice made the difference between safe, legal access to abortions and dangerous, back-alley procedures. A new justice may unravel that. #WhatsAtStake is a woman’s right to make choices about her own body. Voters deserve a say in how the court evolves. #SaveSCOTUS
This is a fight for the soul of America. We must not be a country that tears children from their mothers. We must not be a country that traumatizes the most vulnerable. #FamiliesBelongTogther
Make no mistake, this Supreme Court vacancy is vital for the right of women to control their own health care. The president has a clear litmus test for his nominees, and that means the deciding vote against Roe v. Wade. #SaveSCOTUS #WhatsAtStake
Conditions in Gaza are appalling: contaminated water, a nonexistent economy, unemployment at 40 percent, and more than 1 million Palestinians dependent on U.N. food assistance. President Trump’s $305 million cut to humanitarian aid will only make it worse. https://t.co/LPge5CXBoZ
America’s role as an honest broker in this conflict requires us to be a voice for both Palestinians and Israelis. President Trump has embraced Israel’s hardline policies while ignoring the plight of Palestinians, helping fuel the violence we’re now seeing. https://t.co/LPge5CXBoZ
A Supreme Court ruling earlier this week dealt a crushing blow to the ability of workers to secure fair pay and good health care. This is a reminder of why #CourtsMatter. Our bill will guarantee a right to collective bargaining for public sector workers. https://t.co/21dK7AUwBw
If the Senate needed to wait nine months when Justice Scalia died, then it surely needs to wait four months now. If the American people deserved to have their voices heard then, they deserve to have their voices heard now. #FollowTheMcConnellStandard
The Senate shouldn’t conduct business cynically by bending to the majority’s will. Instead, it should follow Senate traditions and precedent. The #McConnellStandard was established with the last nominee and it should be observed today. Follow the McConnellStandard
As Republicans have stressed, the Constitution provides the Senate with a key role in the nominations process. They vigorously defended the Senate and the people’s roles when President Obama was in office, they should do likewise when President Trump is in office.
Some Republicans are suggesting the #McConnellStandard only applies to presidential elections. Respectfully, that’s ridiculous. Regardless of who is president, the Senate confirms a Supreme Court nominee. The people deserve a say on who controls the Senate.
The farm bill is a win for California. It invests in the crops we grow, promotes organics and helps feed families. We also rejected House proposals that would make it harder to qualify for food assistance. This bill will put more food on kitchen tables. https://t.co/3UzQhweZy8
My heart goes out to all those affected by the shooting at the Capital Gazette in Maryland, and my thanks to law enforcement for their response. We can’t continue allowing this to happen. Our communities deserve better.
Pres. Trump prides himself on deal-making, but he’s made a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians more difficult at every turn. Moving the embassy to Jerusalem, allowing settlement expansion and cutting aid to Gaza are not the path to peace. https://t.co/LPge5CXBoZ
Protecting a woman’s right to control her body has been one of my top priorities since I was first elected. The next Supreme Court Justice could roll back that right. Women deserve to have their voices heard, and following the #McConnellStandard would ensure that. #SaveSCOTUS
While I disagreed with my colleagues’ actions when they blocked Judge Garland from receiving a hearing or vote, the simple fact is that Republicans set a new standard. The #McConnellStandard shouldn’t be ignored just because a Republican is president. #SaveSCOTUS
When Justice Scalia died NINE months before an election, ALL Judiciary Committee Republicans agreed to take NO ACTION on ANY nominee. They said the American people deserve a voice in who will sit on the Supreme Court. If it was true then, it must be true now. #SaveSCOTUS
WATCH NOW: I’ll be speaking at the Senate Judiciary Committee on the importance of following the #McConnellStandard and waiting until after the elections to fill the newly-vacant Supreme Court seat. #SaveSCOTUS	https://t.co/C0DCU0AxvP
Two years ago, the Supreme Court ruled in support of a woman’s right to choose. Today, we’re upholding that legacy by fighting for the Women's Health Protection Act that would preserve safe and legal access to abortion services for all women, regardless of location. #ActForWomen
Two years ago, the Supreme Court guaranteed a right for women to access abortion care without an undue burden. But since then, nearly 200 state-level restrictions on access to abortion care have been passed. We must #ActForWomen and preserve access to safe abortion services.
We #ActForWomen because safe and legal abortion access needs to be protected nationally. We can’t let the nearly 200 state-level restrictions that have been passed chip away at the fundamental right of a woman to make her own choices when it comes to health care.
4 months away from an election, there should be no consideration of a Supreme Court nominee until the American people have a say. Leader McConnell set that standard when he denied Judge Garland a hearing for nearly a year, and the Senate should follow the McConnell Standard now.
This is a manufactured crises, plain and simple. Previous presidents have found ways to enforce our immigration laws without separating children from their parents. If the president won’t protect children and keep families together then Congress must. #KeepFamiliesTogether
President Trump’s trade war is pushing companies like Harley-Davidson to move American jobs overseas. Now the president is threatening them with higher taxes for the fallout from his own trade policies. That’s not how we do business in the United States.  	https://t.co/TmxlJxLpbY
The bipartisan Equality Act would provide clear and consistent nondiscrimination protections for #LGBT people across all areas of life including employment, housing, federally-funded programs, public spaces and services, education, credit and jury service. #EqualityForward
3 years ago the Supreme Court ruled that LGBT Americans could legally marry. Today, 30 states still allow employers &amp; landlords to openly discriminate against a person based on sexual orientation. It’s past time to move #EqualityForward &amp; continue the march toward full equality. https://t.co/gWZcbnn7Kb
Important: This morning the Health and Human Services Secretary stated that children would NOT be reunited with parents who are in detention. The administration is holding children hostage to push parents to drop their asylum claims.
UPDATE: Only around 500 children separated from their parents at the border have been reunited. Around 2,000 children are still separated. We must not allow attention to fade from this ongoing crisis.
Allowing unlicensed, anti-abortion clinics to give women misleading information about health care under the guise of the First Amendment is appalling. This further undermines the ability of women to control their own bodies and make informed decisions about their health care. https://t.co/v4irYkKtP2
The decision by the Supreme Court’s Republican majority to uphold Pres. Trump’s travel ban is deeply disturbing. He made clear during the campaign his bias and bigotry toward Muslims, yet the court gave his statements little weight. Let this decision remind us that #CourtsMatter
Persistent advocacy of survivors like Amanda and Terry is the reason we have the Sexual Assault Survivors Bill of Rights today. Thank you for your courage and your candor as you told us your stories today. @nguyen_amanda @TerryCrews https://t.co/cVEiXVzzZE https://t.co/pUGMrLKRbc
I asked @TerryCrews why he didn’t use his considerable strength to fight back when he was sexually assaulted. His answer is a powerful reminder of how victims are too often forced into silence to avoid damaging their careers or reputations. We need to hear the truth. https://t.co/8xSxnhXj91
The Justice Department has limited resources and it makes NO sense to prosecute families instead of drug traffickers. If the Trump administration wanted to protect public safety it would prioritize serious criminals. https://t.co/k5XVnj762E
Women use an average of 12 personal care products with 168 different ingredients each &amp; every day. Congress has not updated the law that ensures these products are safe in 80 years. Our Personal Care Products Safety Act would ensure ingredients are safe to protect public health.
We shouldn’t be a country that rips nursing babies from their mothers. We shouldn’t be a country that puts dozens of children in cages with thin mats and aluminum blankets. And we shouldn’t be a country that detains immigrant families indefinitely. #KeepFamiliesTogether
The Senate just passed our Energy &amp; Water funding bill that provides $575 million for Army Corps of Engineers and Bureau of Reclamation for water infrastructure and drought resilience programs in Calif. As we continue to recover from this drought we must prepare for the next one.
No other type of product is so widely used with so few federal safeguards.  https://t.co/UVP5hPaoC0
Our skin is our largest organ, but there are few safety rules ensuring the ingredients in them are safe. It’s been 80 years since Congress passed a law regulating ingredients used in these products.
There’s absolutely no excuse for the administration’s failure to have a plan in place to reunite families as quickly as possible. I’m calling for an emergency oversight hearing in the Judiciary Committee so Congress can get some answers and hold this administration accountable.
Protections that limit how long children can be detained aren’t “loopholes.” They’re guarantees of basic decency. We have children coming to our border who are often fleeing horrific violence. We shouldn’t deny them basic due process or humane treatment. #KeepFamiliesTogether
President Trump has created total chaos with his executive order. Rather than reverse his so-called zero-tolerance policy, the president is going after protections for immigrant children that ensure they are provided with food and water. #KeepFamiliesTogether
President Trump’s executive order is a bait and switch. He will only end separation if he can detain families indefinitely and roll back protections for all immigrant children. He’s using a crisis he created to undermine immigrant rights. #KeepFamiliesTogether
Detaining families indefinitely is not only cruel, it's also unnecessary. ICE’s own statistics show that 99% of people enrolled in the Alternatives to Detention Program attend court hearings. The administration’s policies are driven by ideology, not facts. #KeepFamiliesTogether
Happy #Pride, San Francisco! Let’s celebrate the work of LGBT activists who have come before by continuing to fight toward full equality. Today’s celebrations are a testament to their hard-fought victories. #SFPride
74 years ago FDR established the #GIBill to help veterans returning home from war. Today, the #GIBill continues to provide a path to higher education and technical certifications. It’s an essential program to thank our brave military men and women for years of selfless service.
It’s great to hear that California has received three local drug crises grants. These are drug free communities grants specifically geared toward addressing the opioid crisis. We have to keep using every tool available to fight the drug overdose epidemic.
Appropriate supplies of essential medication should always be available for patients who need it. We’re asking the FDA to identify the causes of drug shortages and find solutions so that no one has to go without vital medication. https://t.co/CdPF5qwNhg
President Trump has created total chaos. The administration has admitted it has no plans to reunite the more than 2,300 children taken from their parents. These families were torn apart without any idea how they would be put back together. #FamiliesBelongTogther
Enforcing our immigration laws does not mean enactment of policies that are inconsistent with the most basic of American values. The President has created a false choice.  His executive order is an inhumane solution to a problem created by a terrible policy. We can do better.
What is going on here is a bait and switch, and I for one don’t believe we should accept this false choice.  I will continue to work on passing legislation to protect children and keep families together. https://t.co/4OAxIhH7a8
The solution to the cruelty of putting children in cages isn’t to add their parents to those cages. Alternatives to detention work. We can enforce our immigration laws effectively with compassion – as was done under Presidents Bush and Obama. https://t.co/UBmKuQgAKm
ICE’s own statistics show that alternatives to detention work. The president has decided to enact a policy that ignores those statistics and is creating a humanitarian crisis on our border. Detaining families indefinitely isn’t a solution.
Withdrawing the U.S. from the UN Human Right Council will only embolden the worst abusers and further isolate our country. The Trump administration continues to cede American leadership in the world to any and all.
We’re a country founded by refugees and immigrants. From the beginning, America has been a refuge for all manner of people seeking a safe place for their families to build a life. #WorldRefugeeDay should remind us of the countless contributions refugees have made to the U.S.
It’s extremely troubling that the president’s executive order would require immigrant families with children to be detained indefinitely. The order appears to be the next step in the Trump administration’s larger agenda to eliminate basic protections for asylum seekers.
These families were separated due to a barbaric new Trump administration policy conceived in a cruel effort to deter those seeking asylum and better lives from coming to the United States. This policy isn’t compatible with American values. https://t.co/274VbxwCAb
Estas familias fueron separadas debido a una nueva política desastrosa del gobierno Trump, con el intento malicioso de disuadir a los inmigrantes en busca de asilo y en busca de una vida mejor en los Estados Unidos. No es una politca compatible con los valores de nuestro país.
The #KeepFamiliesTogetherAct does NOT allow sex traffickers to use children as pawns. To say otherwise is wrong It explicitly ensures protection if sex trafficking or abuse is suspected. Republicans are misrepresenting my bill to justify their inexcusable choice to not support it
Our bill puts the welfare of children first and foremost. It bars separation except in cases of abuse or trafficking. Any decision to separate a child from their parent would have to be made in consultation with a child welfare specialist. #KeepFamiliesTogether
Using basic protections for children as an excuse to separate families at the border is appalling. As is calling them loopholes. These protections passed the Senate with overwhelming support because they are commonsense measures to protect children.
Fact Check: Basic humanitarian protections for unaccompanied minors are NOT loopholes. My lead cosponsor on the bill to create these protections was Senator Sam Brownback, one of the Senate’s most conservative members.
Fact Check: Basic humanitarian protections for unaccompanied minors are NOT loopholes. They were approved by Congress with broad, bipartisan support. https://t.co/QGk6jJOn5N
This policy, which has never been federal policy, has resulted in hundreds of children being taken from their parents. This is a low point that I never thought I’d see in the United States of America. Candidly, I find it revolting. https://t.co/274VbxwCAb
La política de separar niños de sus padres nunca ha sido política federal. Este es un momento grave que nunca pensé que vería en los Estados Unidos. Sinceramente, me parece repugnante. https://t.co/pAI2vVtNKf
#Juneteenth may have ended slavery, but it didn't end discrimination. However, despite decades of racism, we keep moving toward equality thanks to the work of so many brave Americans. Today, let’s celebrate #Juneteenth by focusing on the work we still have ahead of us.
This isn’t who we are. Separating children from their parents reminds us of the worst chapters in American history. This horrific policy MUST end. We have a bill with 49 cosponsors that will do just that. The Senate must pass it NOW. #KeepFamiliesTogether
President Trump and his administration are separating children from their parents to deter immigrants from seeking asylum and gain leverage to enact their anti-immigrant policies. They’ve said so plainly. #KeepFamiliesTogether https://t.co/Hrc9ucQqmr
Let’s set the record straight: There is no requirement to separate immigrant families. This policy is Donald Trump’s policy, period. Presidents Bush and Obama refused to implement such a terrible policy. #KeepFamiliesTogether
Donald Trump could end the separation of families today. If he won’t, our bill to #KeepFamiliesTogether has the support of ALL 49 Democrats. We need Republicans to step up to the plate and support our bill.
There's no law that requires a child be taken from a mother’s arms while nursing. This is the Trump administration’s policy. President Trump could put an end to this immoral policy right now. #KeepFamiliesTogether
Congress shouldn’t cede its authority over nuclear weapons to President Trump. Unfortunately, that’s exactly what the NDAA would do by removing congressional oversight for building future nuclear weapons. https://t.co/tRzLbALiCy
Key point in IG report: Director Comey’s decisions were not motivated by political bias. https://t.co/qlbSKWJxyS
Key point in IG report: Director Comey’s decisions to deviate from Justice Department policy helped  Donald Trump. https://t.co/qlbSKWJxyS
Key point in IG report: The FBI’s actions leading up to the 2016 political campaign were NOT influenced by political bias. https://t.co/qlbSKWJxyS
Donald Trump, stop this atrocity. America does not take children from parents in this vile manner.
UPDATE: The entire Democratic caucus supports our bill to bar children from being taken from their parents at the border. I’ve heard countless Republicans say that they oppose children being taken from their parents. If that’s true, they should support our bill NOW!
The latest reports from the border indicate that large groups of children are being held in cages and some children are so traumatized they've attempted suicide. President Trump could end this horrific policy TODAY. If he won't, Congress must pass the #KeepFamiliesTogetherAct
UPDATE: 48 senators now support the Keep Families Together Act. We're making progress, but we still need Republicans to join. If you're represented by a Republican senator, tell them to support S.3036. #KeepFamiliesTogether
Happy Father’s Day to all dads in California and across the U.S.! I hope it’s a day full of celebration with family and loved ones.
Antarctica and the Greenland ice sheet are both melting. They’ve each lost more than 1 trillion tons of ice to the sea in just the last five years, and the rate is accelerating. We are going to have to cut our emissions even faster if we want to save our coastlines. https://t.co/IMcwJYlV1V
Wishing San Diego a happy #Pride this weekend! Get out and celebrate the progress we’ve made. I can’t wait to see what we achieve next on our march to full equality.
UPDATE: 43 senators now support our bill to bar children from being taken from their parents at the border. We still need a Republican senator to join. If you’re represented by a Republican senator, please ask them to cosponsor S.3036. #FamiliesBelongTogether
California is home to more Dreamers than any state in the country. Over the past six years, the DACA program has allowed these young people to pursue their dreams and make incredible contributions to our communities. #ProtectDREAMers
News reports indicate that nearly 2,000 children have been taken from their parents in six weeks—about 50 per day. This is an immoral, horrific policy. President Trump could stop this on his own. If he won’t, Congress MUST pass our bill to #KeepFamiliesTogether.
Kids are not pawns to be used as an immigration deterrent. Families belong together, it’s that simple. This is not about politics, it’s about who we are as a country. We must speak out when we see injustice. #FamiliesBelongTogether
President Trump has the power to stop the separation of families, but if he won’t take action then Congress must. S. 3036 deserves a vote before the whole Senate. #FamiliesBelongTogether
Israel shouldn’t force people off their land by demolishing the village of Khan al-Ahmar in the West Bank. I'd encourage Israel to instead approve its master plan and work with the Bedouin community to provide building permits so they can live in peace. https://t.co/D5UmyToIUT
I’m appalled by Ambassador Grenell’s comments promoting conservative political parties in Europe. It’s absolutely unacceptable for any ambassador to meddle in the domestic politics of another country. Secretary Pompeo should make that clear to all U.S. ambassadors. https://t.co/NNwyxnEmjg
The Trump administration can’t continue to support this war that has devolved into an appalling humanitarian disaster. The U.N. and aid agencies have already pulled their aid workers from Hodeidah for fear of the devastating attacks on the port city. https://t.co/npSfcz6xn3
President Trump was wrong again this morning when he said the law requires children to be taken from their parents at the border. To blame Democrats for this policy is a lie. This is the Trump administration’s policy, period. And President Trump could and should end it NOW!
I’m deeply disturbed by reports of attacks against the Yemeni port city of Hodeidah by a Saudi coalition supported by the U.S. Millions of people in Yemen depend on food and assistance from humanitarian organizations, most of which flows through this city. https://t.co/1FZN0XE5B0
I oppose the nomination of Patrick Wyrick. Both his experience as a lawyer and judge and his limited public record show a hostility towards women’s rights and the federal government’s ability to protect consumers and the environment. #CourtsMatter
Eid Mubarak to everyone in California and around the world marking the end of Ramadan! Wishing everyone a peaceful and celebratory night.
Fact Check: There is no law that requires families at the border to be separated. This is the Trump administration’s decision and they could put an end to this immoral policy today. Because they won’t, Congress must take a stand and pass our Keep Families Together Act.
Everyone knows that taking children away from their parents is wrong. #FamiliesBelongTogether and should never be separated. Kids must be with their parents, not in detention centers. Call your senators and tell them to support S. 3036!
Read my statement on the Justice Department IG report on the 2016 election. https://t.co/HPrq8iWtw7
Happy Birthday to the U.S. Army! I’d like to give my heartfelt thanks to all the brave men and women who keep the noble traditions of our Army alive each and every day through selfless service. Thank you for your dedication and sacrifice.
Thanks @JimmyKimmel! We need as many people to call their senators as possible. https://t.co/fuBkVQVOD1
Happy #FlagDay! Today, let’s remember what our flag stands for: equality, opportunity, freedom and refuge for so many persecuted and ‘huddled masses yearning to breathe free.’ It’s up to each and every one of us to make sure we’re living up to the values our flag stands for.
UPDATE: 40 senators now support our bill to bar children from being taken from their parents at the border. We’re continuing to ask Republican senators to join our bill. If you’re represented by a Republican senator, please ask them to cosponsor S.3036. #FamiliesBelongTogether
This is a fundamental issue for everything we stand for as a country. How can we do this? We have a bill. The Senate should be allowed to debate it and express its view on this inhumane practice of separating immigrant families at the border. We can put an end to this right now. https://t.co/qY4zwmQtFK
Congratulations to San Francisco’s new mayor-elect, London Breed. I’m proud that another woman will lead our City, and I look forward to working with her!
We're urging the Trump administration to defend protections for Americans pre-existing conditions. If the Trump administration position wins in court, insurance companies would again be able to deny coverage to those with pre-existing conditions. https://t.co/Sfgh5KCLmM
The Trump administration is refusing to defend protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions in court. Republicans would take health care away from millions of Americans. Democrats want to protect and expand access to health care.
Immigrant children should not be taken from their parents.  Call your senator and ask them to support S. 3036 to #KeepFamiliesTogether
RT @SenateDems: Lea esta columna escrita por la @SenFeinstein sobre por qué el Congreso tiene la obligación moral de mantener a las familia…
UPDATE: 38 senators now support our legislation to prevent children being taken from their parents at the border. We’re building momentum to end this horrific practice. Please ask your senators to support us!
Today we remember the 49 murdered and 53 wounded, largely from Orlando’s LGBT community of color, at the Pulse nightclub two years ago. Lawmakers have an obligation to stand up to the gun lobby and pass laws that would help prevent mass shootings. https://t.co/5FwrMkmJ0U
There is no law that requires children be removed from their parents. That’s the policy choice of the Trump administration. If he won’t end this horrific policy, Congress must. https://t.co/mq4cemRnsL
The United States must not be a country that traumatizes young children by separating them from their parents. All parents know the sound of their children calling out to them in the night. It’s reprehensible that these calls are going unanswered because of Pres. Trump’s policies
WATCH NOW: Press conference on the “Keep Families Together Act,” our bill to prevent the Trump administration from separating immigrant families at the border. https://t.co/6oV4J7AhWh
Congress has a moral obligation to take a stand and say that families should not be separated. Many of these families are fleeing terrible violence, traveling thousands of miles on foot to file an asylum claim and save their lives. To traumatize them further is unconscionable.
I’m very troubled by President Trump’s antics following the G7 summit. The United States and Canada share much more than a 5,500-mile border: we share common values and interests, and have one of the strongest bilateral partnerships in the world. https://t.co/EQeinr8LXP
This generation has energy and momentum that I’ve never seen before when it comes to pushing for commonsense gun reform. I’m excited to see these young people continuing their advocacy. Join March for Our Lives LA tomorrow, 6/12, to say #EnoughIsEnough. https://t.co/XK5mrZM4l6
An accurate count of everyone living in the United States is vital to our democracy. Adding a question designed to depress participation in certain communities is an assault on the foundations of this country. https://t.co/wPADFQAaa7
President Trump’s antics are clearly alienating our closest allies, undermining our national interests and security. It’s time the president recognizes that our allies are invaluable, they’re not temporary business partners he can bully and insult. https://t.co/hzDXAE8zsA
#NetNeutrality protects small businesses and innovators in California by ensuring they have a level playing field online. The @FCC repeal will gut those protections. #SaveTheInternet
Young children have been taken from their parents’ arms and federal law enforcement hasn’t given parents even the most basic information about their children’s whereabouts. These traumatic separations may cause lasting harm to the children involved. https://t.co/Rfrm99jPtu
Keeping #NetNeutrality means consumers get to choose what websites and applications they see online. Today, the @FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality goes into effect, but the fight for a free and open internet continues in the House. #SaveTheInternet
The future of the internet is at stake. We need to maintain pressure on the @FCC’s #NetNeutrality repeal. I was proud to have vote against repeal last month. Now I urge my House colleagues to follow suit!
Today, the @FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality goes into effect, but the fight for a free and open internet continues. The Senate already voted to #SaveTheInternet, now it’s up to the House.
55 years ago JFK signed the #EqualPayAct into law mandating equal pay for equal work. Today, women in California still earn just 88 cents to every dollar men make. Let’s not wait another half century before we pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct
Happy #Pride, Los Angeles and Sacramento! I wish everyone a safe and happy weekend as we celebrate the progress we’ve achieved and continue our work toward full equality.
Looking forward to collecting on our wager, @SenSherrodBrown and @SenRobPortman. A valiant effort from your @Cavs...there's always next year! #DubNation @Warriors
Another amazing season for the @Warriors! So proud that KD, Steph and the whole team brought the title back home where it belongs. What a dynasty! #DubNation
175 hospitals in California rely on the 340B Drug Pricing Program to provide crucial services to the uninsured and low-income patients in their communities. I’m asking the Senate HELP Committee to maintain this vital program. https://t.co/l35gCfcexm
India is taking a decisive step toward solving our world’s massive problem with single-use plastics.  8 million metric tons of plastic end up in our oceans every year. Very glad to see the world’s fastest growing economy taking action. #WorldOceansDay	https://t.co/Z15U4bRyBn
BREAKING: I’ve introduced our bill to keep immigrant children from being separated from their parents. 32 senators are taking a stand and making clear that we have a moral obligation to stop this horrific policy. #FamiliesBelongTogether
Today the Judiciary Committee advanced a judicial nominee, Ryan Bounds, without support from either of his home-state senators. This has NEVER happened before. It’s yet another example of Republicans breaking the rules to stack our federal courts.
(3/3) The stamp was designed by Ethel Kessler, herself a breast cancer survivor. Ask for it at the post office and join the fight against breast cancer. It’s an easy way to really make a difference! https://t.co/9vAbn1JhGD
(2/3) The study is the largest precision cancer medicine trial ever &amp; received $4.5 million in funding from the Breast Cancer Stamp. The stamp is sold with an 11 cent surcharge that goes toward research. To date, this stamp has raised more than $86 million for breast cancer.
(1/3) Great to hear new research shows that many women with breast cancer can now safely avoid the difficult side-effects of chemotherapy without lowering survival rates. Excellent new study initially funded by the Breast Cancer Research Stamp. https://t.co/zPFyPzDNA7
News that President Trump is ignoring counterintelligence procedures by using unsecured cell phones is unacceptable. This leaves him and the U.S. government open to hacking and surveillance. We’re calling for a threat assessment to determine the president’s exposure. https://t.co/u5JCYMr7qo
#NetNeutrality will officially end on Monday. The Senate has done its part, all we need to #SaveTheInternet is for Speaker Ryan to schedule a vote before the deadline! https://t.co/XljQJiFEKy
It was great meeting with Californians visiting Washington! It’s a pleasure to get to work every day on behalf of our great state and all of you. I hope everyone enjoyed hearing about the latest work my staff and I are doing on issues that matter to Californians. https://t.co/wz7F5Lr7XH
Immigrants and refugees have made important contributions to California and our country. This #ImmigrantHeritageMonth, let’s honor our history as a nation of immigrants.
Thomas Farr, one of President Trump’s judicial nominees, has a long record of opposing civil rights and supporting voter suppression. He’s not fit to be a federal judge. #CourtsMatter
President Trump’s judicial nominee, Thomas Farr, defended North Carolina's 2013 voter suppression law. When the Fourth Circuit struck down the law, the court described it as targeting African American voters with "almost surgical precision." #CourtsMatter
74 years later and we still owe a debt of gratitude to the brave soldiers who took part in #DDay. In a time of dire need, young men from across the country answered the call to serve their country. Their selfless sacrifice turned the tide of a war and safeguarded our freedom.
Thomas Farr, a President Trump judicial nominee, led the defense of North Carolina’s discriminatory voter suppression law. When struck down, the Fourth Circuit called the law “the most restrictive voting law North Carolina has seen since the era of Jim Crow.” #CourtsMatter
Many immigrant stories from the past aren’t so different from those of families striving to make a better life in America today.  #FamiliesBelongTogether #ImmigrantHeritageMonth
#ImmigrantHeritageMonth is a great time to remember that America’s history celebrates the many immigrants who made the United States their home and helped shape our country. Immigrants and refugees make us stronger.
50 years ago we lost Robert F. Kennedy to a senseless act of violence. We would do well to remember his message of compassion and dogged determination to help the disadvantaged live with dignity in our country.
Plastics are wreaking havoc on our oceans. #WorldEnvironmentDay is a good reminder to think about ways you can help by reducing your waste footprint. https://t.co/B3YlxEZi3W
4/4 We’ve almost finished writing a bill to stop this heinous practice, but we’re going to need everyone’s help to move it. Anyone who has ever had a child knows the relationship between child and family. We simply can’t let this continue.
3/4 To keep children in huge buildings, behind fences, with no contact with their families, that’s not the way of the United States of America. Every one of us must stand up and say we’re not going to allow this to continue. It revolts me.
2/4 Consider this: A child wakes up, terrified, no familiar faces around. He cries out in terror, but mom and dad can’t comfort him, they’re detained elsewhere. This must be absolute hell on earth for these children, and it’s immoral.
1/4 One thing I never thought this country would do is separate young children from their families, but that’s what’s happening at the border. That’s why we’re introducing a bill this week to put an end to this.
We’re calling for more funding in the #FarmBill to help our growers meet today’s challenges. Research helps protect Calif. crops from diseases, pests &amp; other food production hurdles. Unfortunately, only a small percentage of these vital projects receive funding. We can do better. https://t.co/HRhynNbaNw
I hosted a dinner in 2016 with my husband Dick Blum for the 49ers glory team, and were delighted to have Dwight Clark and former owner Eddie DeBartolo attend. It was a great evening with those legends responsible for starting a dynasty https://t.co/gXKwYv9CfE
Dwight’s death comes close to that of “The Genius” Bill Walsh, who designed and implemented the West Coast offense. I say this as a long-time fan, through thick and thin. https://t.co/rxy8rSKxR2
I was present in the stadium for “The Catch” in 1981, which began the glory days of the San Francisco 49ers with five Super Bowl victories. What a great team! https://t.co/kUm9bmvtim
Heartbroken to hear of 49ers star Dwight Clark’s passing. Though he’ll certainly be remembered for his accomplishments on the field, I’ll always remember his charisma and the will to overcome ALS. My thoughts are with his family. He’ll be missed, remembered and admired forever.
I agree with Justice Department regulations issued during the Nixon administration—a president can’t pardon himself.  No one—including the president—is above the law.
Two-thirds of @NatlParkService land overseen by the Pacific West Regional Office is located in Calif. Moving the office to a far corner of the region will make it harder to effectively administer the region’s parks, potentially offsetting any cost savings. https://t.co/Up2mvt7xc1
.@Dicks Sporting Goods has been a leader in taking commonsense steps in response to gun violence. They're proof you can SUCCESSFULLY do business as a gun seller w/out selling assault weapons or to anyone under 21. I hope more companies follow their lead. https://t.co/aC4GdIK1v4
Retaliation by Canada, Mexico and the E.U. will hit our growers hard on top of the tariffs China has already put in place. This is quickly becoming a dangerous trade war with no plan in sight from our president.
The Trump administration still hasn’t developed a plan to help California farmers hurt by the trade war with China. Now the president is placing new tariffs on Canada, Mexico and the E.U. Our growers shouldn’t pay the price for President Trump’s poorly thought out trade wars. https://t.co/DXBDJ1JeO9
Republicans often profess that every American should be able to see the doctor of their choice, but they have a different standard when it comes to women’s health care. Women who know and trust Planned Parenthood should be able to visit Planned Parenthood.
Planned Parenthood provides basic health care like birth control and cancer screenings to more than 700k patients in CA under Title X. A new Trump admin. policy would bar these patients from going for these basic health care services. It’s political &amp; it’s disgusting. @PPActionCA
Last week’s resounding vote to legalize abortion in Ireland shows that access to health care for women is not a political issue. Men and women together voted to ensure women can make their own choices about their bodies and their health care.
Happy #Pride Month! Let’s recognize the diversity, dignity and strength of the LGBT community as we celebrate. We’ve made some real strides toward ending discrimination, but we have a lot more work to do before full equality is a reality for everyone.
Currently, @HUDgov policies bar Native American veterans from living in tribal housing. Tribes shouldn’t have to choose between building much-needed housing for their population or solely for vets. This is a no cost regulatory fix that will help tribes better serve our veterans. https://t.co/mmB2au40bE
I #WearOrange because we owe it to young people to make schools places of learning and not sites of tragic gun violence. We can do better. We can ban bump-stocks, expand background checks and ban assault weapons. Let’s get weapons of war off our streets &amp; make schools safe again.
The Trump administration’s latest effort to bar patients from Planned Parenthood is a new low in their efforts to roll back women’s reproductive rights. President Trump, Republicans in Congress and their political base want to take women back to the days before Roe v. Wade.
Because #FamiliesBelongTogether, I’m working on legislation that would bar the separation of immigrant children from their parents. America should not be a country that traumatizes young children.
RT @mridleythomas: At @MLKCH w/ @SenFeinstein discussing importance of medicaid in providing care to address California’s homelessness cris…
Congress has steadfastly funded the modernization of our nuclear stockpile and its infrastructure over the last 8 years. The low-yield submarine-launched ballistic missile is an additional, unnecessary expense that our own military says it doesn’t need to deter Russia.
Gen. John Hyten, the commander of U.S. Strategic Command, testified before Congress, “I have everything I need today to deter Russia from doing anything against the United States of America. We're fully ready against any threat that exists today, without a doubt.”
New nuclear weapons are unnecessary. We already possess enough to destroy the planet several times over and are undergoing a $1.7 trillion modernization of our existing arsenal. New nuclear weapons would be on top of that enormous expense.
Congress is about to give President Trump a dangerous new nuclear weapon, a low-yield submarine-launched ballistic missile that is small enough to be used on a battlefield. This is a mistake, and I strongly oppose it. There is no winning a nuclear war.
Separating young children from their parents could harm them for life. Many of these families are fleeing terrible violence at home and come to this country to file an asylum claim. To terrorize them further is unconscionable
Traumatizing young immigrant children and their parents is a new low. This is not who we are as a nation. History will not be kind to us if we don’t speak out and end this shameful policy.
Challenge accepted! @SenKamalaHarris and I are going all in with the #DubNation! We’re betting you and @senrobportman a case of California chardonnay and some @AnchorBrewing beer the championship once again comes home to the Bay Area. https://t.co/xDMfWd6Gfi
We’re calling on @USGAO to investigate the economic impact of sexual harassment in the workplace so we can understand its true cost. https://t.co/Y07QcFyvZj
Separating children from their parents as a form of punishment is shameful. This is not what the United States of America should be. We should be a country that shows compassion and treats the vulnerable with dignity, not one that traumatizes young children.
Must read by @NickKristof These stories are devastating. Shockingly, they're becoming a common experience at our border. This shameful practice of separating young children from parents must be brought to an end &amp; I’m working on a bill to do just that. 	https://t.co/Tau5xWEUIb
President Trump thinks trade wars are easy to win, but unless he reverses course, it will be American consumers, workers and families who lose.
The president claims he’s acting to protect American jobs, but his misguided trade policies are instead endangering the jobs of thousands of Californians, from longshoremen and manufacturers to agriculture workers and construction workers.
The Trump administration is now announcing steel tariffs on our closest trade partners and allies. Almost 25 percent of the steel and aluminum imported in the United States comes through California’s ports, generating more than $4 billion in trade activity.
California has borne the brunt of President Trump’s global trade war as countries retaliate with tariffs on our products. California farmers are being hit particularly hard.
It’s hard to conceive of a policy more horrific than separating children from their parents. I’m working on legislation that would prevent the intentional separation of immigrant families. Congress has a moral obligation to take a stand here.
Our drug overdose and opioid epidemic requires a comprehensive approach. The Substance Abuse Prevention Act would ensure drug prevention and treatment programs continue. https://t.co/t8RQcC9FRN
Our bipartisan bill would give DEA the ability to factor in abuse and overdose data when deciding the quantity of drugs to allow onto the market. This policy would ensure legitimate access to pain meds while cracking down on abuse.
One driver of the opioid epidemic is the refusal of distributors and manufacturers to report suspicious orders by pharmacies. Our bill would provide the DEA with new tools to enforce reporting of suspicious opioid orders.
The drug overdose epidemic is a national crisis. 64,000 Americans were killed by drug overdoses in 2016—more than during the entire Vietnam War. The Judiciary Committee recently passed five bills to address this epidemic. Learn more: https://t.co/t8RQcC9FRN
The wage gap for women only gets worse for moms of color. It’s outrageous that in 2018 having a child and being a woman of color impacts your pay. It’s time to close the #WageGap once and for all, #MomsEqualPay now! https://t.co/AGUOlu3lm6
Mothers have to work from January 2017 until May 30, 2018 to be paid what fathers were paid in 2017 alone—nearly half a year more. 71 cents for every dollar dads are paid is terrible. #MomsEqualPay
The wage gap increases for women when they have children. In contrast, men earn more when they have children.  We can’t let tired, old stereotypes about family responsibilities hold women back. #MomsEqualPay https://t.co/a6pLyM3lAI
This #MemorialDay while you enjoy the day with friends and family I hope everyone can take a moment to thank all servicemen and women who paid the ultimate price in the name of our freedoms. https://t.co/6PJPpEwdKq
Today we remember those brave men and women who gave their lives in the name of our country. Every one of us today owes them a debt we can never repay. https://t.co/IwtsdqgYeW
I’m proud to be a cosponsor of the PAST act. Soring, the infliction of pain on the legs and hooves of horses to create an exaggerated, artificial show gait, is a cruel and inhumane practice. I’m hopeful this bill will close the remaining loopholes to end this once and for all.
Fuel economy standards are required to be as strong as the technology will allow. I helped write that law. That’s why new cars are on target to get more than 50 miles to the gallon in 2025. The American people deserve nothing less.
DOT and EPA owe it to the American people to work with California and save the fuel economy standards. I’ve told them that. The auto industry has told them that. The president has told them that. What are they waiting for?
President Trump and Vice President Pence last week launched one of their most extreme, and harmful attacks on women’s reproductive health. We won't stand for it. #NoGagRule #TitleX
Women in California and across the country rely on #TitleX for basic health care. Planned Parenthood alone represents 31% of Title X clinics in California and 69% of patients. President Trump’s need for a political win is jeopardizing women’s health.
When you’re filling up at the pump this weekend, remember that the fuel economy standards are important. New cars could get more than 50 mpg by 2025, but Pres. Trump is thinking about freezing average gas mileage in place instead. That’s not going to cut it for California.
My thoughts are with the students and families affected by the shooting at Noblesville West Middle School. It’s alarming our gun violence epidemic has spread to middle schools. We owe it to the young people of this country to put an end to gun violence and make them safe again.
In California in 2015, 353 family planning clinics received #TitleX funding. They provided care to more than 1 million women. President Trump's decision to block trusted clinics from the program is a blatant attack on women’s health and freedom.
Mare Island Naval Cemetery serves as the final resting place for 800 of our country’s heroes. Sadly, its current state isn’t a worthy tribute to those buried there. Our bill makes sure that the cemetery will fall under the V.A., ensuring it will be maintained for generation. https://t.co/646iXX4GAF
I’m elated that Senator Murkowski and I were able to include funding to reinstate USDA’s Annual Floriculture Report in committee. This report is essential to America’s flower farmers, especially growers in California!	https://t.co/bZvy5c3w5w
The intentional separation of children from their parents is absolutely horrific. The United States must not be a country that terrorizes children to punish their parents.  https://t.co/XGJOac9QMD
Another constituent breakfast in the books! It was a genuine pleasure to hear from some of California’s organic farmers about the challenges they face today. And thank you @Pepperdine for stopping by on your annual trip to Washington, it’s always a delight to see you. https://t.co/dbPIQg51GG
Despite the spin efforts by @CadizWater, a recent peer-reviewed scientific study adds to the body of evidence that Bonanza Spring is fed by the very aquifer that Cadiz plans to pump from. Desert flowers, tortoises and Joshua trees are all dependent on that spring for life.
The Dept. of the Interior, USGS and now a former water district manager all agree: @CadizWater plans to pump an unsustainable amount of water from a vital Mojave Desert aquifer. This company’s unsurpassed greed threatens to destroy a delicate ecosystem.
True commitment to tortoise preservation would be abandoning efforts to drain an aquifer vital to desert tortoises living in the 1.6 million-acre Mojave National Preserve. https://t.co/3EpPpesuVp
President Trump and Speaker Ryan touted @HarleyDavidson while selling the #GOPTaxPlan. But now the company is enriching its shareholders instead of protecting American jobs.
Pres. Trump’s withdrawal from the nuclear summit with North Korea is unsurprising. This president has shown a preference for bluster and showmanship over hard-nosed diplomacy. This is the unfortunate outcome of an insufficiently planned summit. https://t.co/MjAgp8dYuX
It was wonderful seeing the current 8th grade class from my alma mater, @SacredHeartSF, on their trip to Washington. I still believe my time at Sacred Heart prepared me to pursue my goals with confidence and I think back on my time there fondly. See you next year girls! https://t.co/sj2lwTE5kL
It’s unconscionable that this administration would question the eligibility of LGBT persons to claim asylum. 72 countries effectively outlaw same-sex relations and many lack adequate protections against violence. These people should be offered protection, not more discrimination.
A decade ago, the U.S. economy was on the brink of collapse. Banks were teetering. Unemployment was skyrocketing. Millions of jobs were lost. Trillions of dollars in savings evaporated. That’s the context Dodd-Frank was passed in &amp; I find it unthinkable Congress has weakened it.
It’s extraordinary that Congress would roll back regulations passed under Dodd-Frank designed to prevent another financial crisis. 10 years after the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression and we’ve already forgotten the lessons of 2008.
These majestic creatures can spend more than 90% of their lives underground, so consider yourself lucky if you spot one wandering around @JoshuaTreeNP or @MojavePres!	https://t.co/XJZ9sOHYex
Happy #WorldTurtleDay! California’s Desert Tortoise can live for 50 to 100 yrs, probably thanks to its relaxed lifestyle – it moves at the thrilling speed of 0.2 MPH!	https://t.co/zKcmnLCHOJ
President Trump is attacking women’s health for cheap political points. Make no mistake, this is about denying women access to basic health information. #NoGagRule
A new low for this administration—a rule banning women’s health providers who receive family-planning funding from even discussing abortion services. Women should never be denied access to the doctors they know and trust. #NoGagRule
If you are a #DACA recipient visit https://t.co/6qLxIIufqg and find all of the resources you need to know about your renewal process. #HereToStay
All #DACA recipients should check to see whether they are eligible to renew their status. Visit https://t.co/6qLxIIufqg for help navigating the process. #HereToStay
Find out if you can renew your #DACA TODAY! https://t.co/6qLxIIufqg has a list of resources to help Dreamers figure out if they qualify to renew. #HereToStay
This administration’s lack of compassion could not be more clear: separating immigrant mothers from their children, detaining pregnant women and curbing the ability of women fleeing domestic violence to receive asylum. We should all be troubled by these actions.
RT @SenAmyKlobuchar: This bill would also not have been possible without the help of Rules Committee Members @SenFeinstein @SenCortezMasto…
I stand with the my colleagues in demanding Pres. Trump respect the rights of vulnerable immigrants making their way to the U.S. Stop separating families. Stop detaining pregnant women. Treat immigrants and asylum seekers with dignity and empathy. We must live up to our values.
It’s cruel and inhumane for President Trump’s administration to separate young children from their mothers. To separate families to deter immigrants, many of whom are fleeing terrible violence, flies in the face of everything America stands for.
Special Counsel Mueller must be allowed to follow the facts and the law wherever they lead without interference or delay. Rod Rosenstein must protect the Special Counsel investigation as he promised Congress.
Independent investigations are essential to the proper functioning of a democracy. Fidelity to the rule of law is the bedrock of our democracy.
Republicans have shown a willingness to disclose sensitive information, distort facts and undermine Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. The independence of law enforcement shouldn’t be sacrificed for political gain.
Holding a partisan meeting on highly-classified information puts an active criminal investigation and national security sources at risk. The fact that this meeting would be done in a partisan fashion demonstrates that this is nothing but political calculations at their worst.
The White House demand that the Justice Department share highly-classified information for a partisan briefing of Republican Members of Congress is alarming. All Americans should be concerned.
The president’s contempt for the rule of law must be countered. No man is above the law – including the president. The independence of law enforcement investigations from political interference must not be up for negotiation.
The president is now demanding information about an open and ongoing criminal investigation. Neither the president nor his staff should be reviewing sensitive information about an open investigation, let alone one into his own campaign.
President Trump’s repeated attempts to undermine the Special Counsel’s investigation are unprecedented.
There’s no greater injustice than a false conviction. Kevin Cooper has been on death row for 30 years. If DNA evidence could exonerate him by proving that he was not at the scene of the crime, more testing should be done now! https://t.co/aA0tMJUJiO
Libby Schaaf is a good friend and dedicated public servant. She is committed to serving the people of Oakland and should not be subjected to mean-spirited attacks from those who have always stood firmly against the rights of immigrants.
On #HarveyMilkDay, we celebrate Harvey’s commitment to social justice and equality for all. He was our first openly gay elected official in California, but happily, not the last. We’ve made great progress since 1978 and we’ll continue to defend those gains from being rolled back.
Strong, qualified leadership is absolutely vital to fulfilling the EPA’s mission. It’s troubling that the Trump administration chose a former oil industry spokesman who has defended oil spills and questioned climate change to lead the work here as the Region 9 administrator.
I’m concerned about Mr. Stoker’s apparent reluctance to work from the EPA regional headquarters in San Francisco. Working remotely is unacceptable. We need someone totally engaged and committed to protecting our environment.	https://t.co/cG3a3uTQWH
It’s always a pleasure meeting with @WesternGrowers and discussing how we can find solutions to the labor shortage growers face today. My bill to provide ag workers a legal way to work in this country is a big first step toward fixing this problem. https://t.co/BPnhd4cRJ7
4% of the world’s population		42% of the world’s guns 		31% of mass shootings		216 school shootings since Columbine. 		These statistics should horrify every American.We have a gun violence epidemic in this country that can only be addressed with commonsense gun reform.
Our schools should be sanctuaries and places of learning. Santa Fe had an active-shooter plan and armed resource officers, but a shooter was still able to kill eight students and two teachers. The best way to make our schools safe is to strengthen our gun safety laws.
Gun violence is a uniquely American epidemic &amp; the number of students affected continues to grow. We can’t sit idly by as our children are being killed by gun violence. The time for an assault weapons ban, universal background checks,“red-flag” laws &amp; a ban on bump stocks is NOW!
Over 20,000 foster youth age out of the system each year with no place to call home. Every child deserves a forever family. Visit https://t.co/S6eLcFXWxT to learn more about adopting from foster care.
Over 62,000 U.S. foster kids are currently eligible for adoption and waiting for their forever family.  Visit https://t.co/S6eLcFXWxT to learn how you can help.
May is #NationalFosterCareMonth.  It’s a great time to honor foster parents and mentors, and recognize the children in our communities who need us the most.  Great ways to get involved @NationalCASA and @AdoptUSkids.
The Justice Department is not an arm of the White House. The Justice Department is independent and serves the American people. Its job is to follow the facts and the law. Law enforcement investigations must be initiated and carried out free from political interference.
The president's statement indicating that he will order the Justice Department to investigate the FBI could not be more disturbing and reiterates his deep contempt for the rule of law.
Title X funded clinics like Planned Parenthood empower women to make informed decisions about their health. Defunding Planned Parenthood would inevitably reduce access to quality health care, disproportionately affecting the uninsured, underinsured and low-income Americans.
Make no mistake. The Trump administration is engaged in an all-out attack on women’s access to health care. They don’t believe women should be able to see the doctors and nurses they know and trust. It’s truly shameful.
Our Judiciary Committee investigation is not over. Several significant questions remain unanswered about the June 9 Trump Tower meeting and the numerous other contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian associates.
26 witnesses have refused to cooperate with the Judiciary Committee’s investigation into Russian interference and potential obstruction of justice. That's why our investigation must continue
We should expand access to health care, not barring patients from seeing doctors they trust so the president can fulfill his campaign promises. Title X funded health centers like Planned Parenthood provide essential health care to low-income, uninsured and underinsured patients.
Every dollar invested in the Title X family planning program saves more than seven dollars in Medicaid costs. The only reason to bar trusted providers like Planned Parenthood is an ideological attack at the expense of women’s health. It’s despicable.
Preliminary finding from @JudiciaryDems investigation: Donald Trump Jr. provided incomplete testimony about the President’s role in the drafting of his statements about the June 9 meeting. Learn more: https://t.co/JYBA1bBBgy
Preliminary finding from @JudiciaryDems investigation: When the June 9 meeting did not turn out as expected, Trump campaign officials became “agitated,” “very frustrated,” and “instantly lost interest.” Learn more: https://t.co/JYBA1bk0p0
Our children are being shot and killed in their schools. In no other country would this be allowed to continue. We need stronger gun safety laws in this country and we need them now. #GunControlNow
Questions remain about the extent of the president’s involvement in, and knowledge of, the June 9th Trump Tower meeting. https://t.co/8PzxDmf31E
Donald Trump Jr. stated that he couldn’t remember who the blocked number was, or whether President Trump had a blocked number. Corey Lewandowski testified to the House Intel Committee that President Trump did in fact have a blocked number at his home. https://t.co/1f8Pbjw1kV
Donald Trump Jr responded eagerly to offers of damaging information on Clinton from Russian associates. Not only did he immediately follow up, phone records show he also had calls with a blocked number and doesn't recall who he was talking to or what they discussed. https://t.co/eetBeFHh4i
The Trump admin has announced an undisguised attempt to shut down Planned Parenthood. It’s shameful to attack a trusted health care provider that’s the only provider of reproductive health care in many communities. We stand with Planned Parenthood today and every day.#StandWithPP https://t.co/iaexNUlACs
Yet another American community has been devastated by a barrage of gunfire. Yet another community has been forever changed by deadly violence in their school. We have to act NOW!
My heart goes out to the students of Santa Fe High School &amp; their families. Every time this happens, I feel sick to my stomach. Only in America are school shootings normal. Only in America will we do nothing when an epidemic of gun violence is killing children. This has to stop.
There are 22 indictments after only one year of investigating. The Sen. Judiciary Committee’s preliminary findings also show there are still many questions unanswered. Robert Mueller’s investigation must not be interfered with. #FollowTheFacts
Mueller’s investigation has produced: 		22 indictments		4 are for former Trump campaign officials: (Flynn, Manafort, Gates and Papadopoulos)		3 of those 4 have pleaded guilty and are cooperating		1 who hasn’t, Manafort, faces up to 90 years in prison if convicted		#FollowTheFacts
Glad to have the support of @milkandhoneyspa for the Personal Care Products Safety Act! It’s long past time to better protect public health and give companies certainty by updating safety rules for personal care products.Thanks for joining the coalition Milk+Honey! #safeproducts
I voted NO on Gina Haspel’s nomination. Her record on torture, the lack of transparency regarding her role in the torture program, and the implications of her nomination for America’s reputation at home and abroad demanded a NO vote.
Nominees’ refusal to say that #BrownVBoard was correctly decided should be profoundly troubling to all Americans.  Current justices of the Supreme Court have answered this question clearly and there’s no reason these nominees cannot. #Courtsmatter
On the 64th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s historic decision in Brown v. Board, the Senate Judiciary Committee is considering two nominees who would not state that the decision ending racial segregation in schools was correctly decided. That’s disturbing.
RT @SenateDems: .@SenFeinstein: Today is the day we should all be declaring segregation is not just immoral – it is unconstitutional. It is…
#Ramadan Mubarak to all who are celebrating in California and around the world! Wishing you and your loved ones many blessings during this holy month.
Immigrants are not “animals.” The president’s statement was deeply offensive and racist. Immigrants are our family and friends and they make significant contributions to our country.
Great news: The Senate voted 52-47 to overturn the FCC's decision to repeal #netneutrality. We're one step closer to ensuring a free and open internet.
Recognition of Jerusalem as the capital should've been resolved during broader peace negotiations where both sides benefit. Instead, the president’s decision has sparked violence and led the Palestinians to believe the United States is no longer an honest broker to this conflict. https://t.co/xwAPwSYYSR
Preliminary finding from @JudiciaryDems investigation: Donald Trump Jr. and the White House misled the public about the June 9 meeting with Russians and other campaign contacts with Russia. Learn more: https://t.co/JYBA1bk0p0
Preliminary finding from @JudiciaryDems investigation: Trump campaign officials did not report the offer of Russian assistance to proper authorities. Learn more: https://t.co/JYBA1bk0p0
Preliminary finding from @JudiciaryDems investigation: Top campaign officials Donald Trump Jr., Paul Manafort, and Jared Kushner accepted the offer of incriminating information on the campaign’s opponent from a hostile foreign government. Learn more: https://t.co/JYBA1bk0p0
Preliminary finding from @JudiciaryDems investigation: The Trump campaign was willing to accept Russia’s assistance. Learn more: https://t.co/JYBA1bk0p0
The nomination of Gina Haspel is about reckoning with our history and grappling with our country’s mistakes. It's about making clear to the world that we accept responsibility for our mistakes and they will never be repeated. That's why I voted NO on her nomination.
Outstanding questions include the full extent of the campaign’s involvement with Russia, whether campaign agreed to work with a hostile foreign power to influence the 2016 election, &amp; why the campaign &amp; President misled the American people about their relationships with Russia.
These preliminary findings raise many significant questions about the June 9 meeting in Trump Tower &amp; other contacts between the Trump campaign &amp; Russian associates. The Sen. Judiciary Committee must thoroughly investigate these questions and follow the fact wherever they lead.
The White House and Donald Trump Jr. misled the public about the June 9 meeting with Russians and other contacts with Russia. The extent of the president’s involvement in drafting Trump Jr.’s statement remains unknown despite initial claims that the president wasn’t involved. https://t.co/f0c0aB8Zmh
We know that top campaign officials, including Donald Trump Jr. and Jared Kushner, did NOT reject offers of election assistance from a hostile foreign government. In fact, they showed frustration that more damaging information wasn’t being produced. https://t.co/9QTGfzY3wW https://t.co/aKL4pE3TdH
We know The Trump campaign was eager to accept Russia’s assistance. The June 9 Trump Tower meeting was just one of interactions with Russian associates that Trump campaign officials eagerly followed up on. https://t.co/9QTGfzY3wW https://t.co/IglSUsF4fb
While the Senate Judiciary Committee’s investigation remains incomplete and must continue, we have made some clear and preliminary conclusions regarding the Trump campaign’s effort to obtain incriminating information on Secretary Clinton from Russia. https://t.co/Sxg2bQmjcW https://t.co/T1Kpy8sk6O
I’m deeply disappointed in Ambassador Haley’s remarks and her decision to block a U.N. inquiry into the deaths in Gaza. An independent investigation is absolutely necessary when more than 100 people have been killed in protests. https://t.co/ncnkqRW4ca
Trump administration officials are again ramping up their campaign against basic humanitarian protections for immigrant children traveling alone. Read my op-ed as to why these protections are #NotALoophole: https://t.co/1BkqLwysCu
Great op-ed by my friend @SenGillibrand on the need to guarantee paid family leave. Too many working mothers struggle to meet the demands of work and family. That's why I support the #FAMILYAct. https://t.co/p5Lz7YJZUB
Lack of power, clean water, adequate medical care and other essential services exacerbates the humanitarian situation in Gaza. I’m joining @SenSanders to call on Sec. Pompeo to intervene and put the full weight of the U.S. behind solutions to this crisis before conditions worsen. https://t.co/HGyxDznPBK
Judges must follow the facts and the law, not an ideological agenda. Our @JudiciaryDems report looks at how many Trump circuit court nominees have had extremely ideological records.  https://t.co/dpJv89xyXQ
Our courts serve all Americans and federal judges should reflect our communities. President Trump’s nominees have not reflected the communities they will serve, reversing the trend we saw under President Obama. https://t.co/dpJv89xyXQ
President Trump’s efforts to stack federal courts will affect generations of Americans. Senate Republicans are ignoring Senate traditions they once championed to fill vacancies as quickly as possible. Learn more: https://t.co/dpJv89xyXQ #CourtsMatter
This #NationalALSAwarenessMonth we join together in the fight against this terrible disease.  Congress must continue to support research to learn about the causes and a cure for ALS. Tools like the National ALS registry are vital to helping researchers. https://t.co/B4x5g28CGw
Have you signed up for an email alert about your new Medicare card? https://t.co/IjUuDLjA4v New cards will be in the mail soon.
New Medicare cards are coming! Unlike the current design, these will not have your social security number printed on them to protect your identity. New cards will be automatically sent and you can sign up to get an alert when it’s in the mail. https://t.co/IjUuDLBaW3
RT @MartinHeinrich: Has your Senator read the Durham Report on CIA Director nominee Gina Haspel’s potential role in destroying torture tape…
Gina Haspel was intimately involved in one of the darkest chapters of U.S. history, yet very little information has been made public about her actions. All senators deserve to see the results of the DOJ’s investigation into the destruction of the tapes. #UnlockDurhamReport
The Clean Air Act has improved our air quality for the last 50 years. It’s vital we protect it.  I will continue to advocate for funding and enforcement despite calls from the Trump administration to roll it back. https://t.co/VlPNnL5yma
The Federal Reserve’s regional banks have extraordinary economic influence, yet diversity in the top ranks is lacking. Our bill ensures that female &amp; minority candidates are considered so the Federal Reserve’s leadership can better represent all Americans. https://t.co/jhCclGoVVH
In the aftermath of the U.S. embassy opening in Jerusalem, the Trump administration should state its unequivocal support for a two-state solution and work with our allies to restart peace talks between the Palestinians and Israelis. https://t.co/GwThGtKl9D
President Trump's judicial nominees do not reflect our communities:		8% of U.S. attorney nominees are people of color.	8% of district court nominees are people of color.	11% of circuit court nominees are people of color.		Learn more: https://t.co/rGyoxWCITn #CourtsMatter
Senate Republicans used the blue-slip tradition, which requires both home-state senators to sign off on judicial nominees, to block 18 Obama nominees. Now they have eliminated the guarantee that blue slips will be honored for Democrats: https://t.co/rGyoxWUjKV #CourtsMatter
Relentless obstruction of President Obama’s judicial nominees allowed Senate Republicans to hand President Trump 112 vacancies on day 1 of his presidency. In contrast, President Obama entered office with just 53 vacancies. Our report: https://t.co/rGyoxWCITn  #CourtsMatter
In order to stack the courts for generations, Republicans are dismantling a Senate tradition that ensures consultation and consensus with home-state senators. Through advice and consent, the Senate is meant to be a check on the president, not a rubber stamp.
Trump nominees have been incredibly young, allowing them to reshape our courts for generations. Nine of Pres. Trump’s first 15 confirmed circuit court nominees, or 60 percent, are in their 40s. By comparison, only one of Pres. Obama’s first 15 confirmed nominees was in their 40s.
While Pres. Obama’s first circuit court nominees were approved with overwhelming bipartisan votes, Pres. Trump has largely put forward controversial nominees outside the mainstream. 10 of President Trump’s first 15 circuit court nominees were confirmed with fewer than 60 votes.
With a Republican president, Senate Republicans are moving judicial nominees at breakneck speed.  President Trump’s first 15 circuit court nominees took half the time to confirm — an average of 131 days — compared to 254 days for President Obama’s first 15 circuit court nominees.
The facts are clear: Senate Republicans are stacking our courts with nominees outside the mainstream. After eight years of unprecedented obstruction of President Obama’s nominees, they are remaking the courts in record time. Our report:  https://t.co/rGyoxWCITn  #CourtsMatter
Thankful to hear that law enforcement has the situation at Highland High School in Palmdale under control and a suspect in custody. My thoughts are with the students and community. No community should have to experience this fear.
Circuit and district courts are final justice for most Americans, hearing ~400,000 cases per year. Republican efforts to stack the courts could affect civil rights, women’s rights and LGBT rights for generations by rolling back hard-fought progress.  https://t.co/rGyoxWCITn
President Trump and Senate Republicans are stacking our courts at record-breaking speed. Nominees have been largely controversial and incredibly young, allowing them to shape our courts for generations. https://t.co/rGyoxWCITn
BREAKING: @JudiciaryDems are out with a new report that details how President Trump and Republicans are rushing to remake our federal courts with ideological nominees who will serve for generations. https://t.co/rGyoxWCITn  #CourtsMatter
The torture program was illegal at the time based on international treaties the U.S. is signatory to, including the Convention Against Torture and Geneva Convention, but no one has ever been held accountable. Gina Haspel was intimately involved and should not lead the agency.
Average Americans face unconscionable Rx drug prices but rather than fighting to help, President Trump gave the biggest companies a massive tax break – time for #ABetterDeal that lowers the cost of prescription drugs for seniors and families.
Justice Dept. policy and federal law prohibit discrimination in hiring for career positions on the basis of political beliefs. We should be hiring the most qualified people possible for career positions, regardless of party. These allegations of bias must be investigated. https://t.co/3vqb2c6jyw
I will vote NO on the nomination of Gina Haspel. This nomination is bigger than one person. For the Senate to confirm someone so involved with the torture program to highest position at the CIA would in effect tell the world that we approve of what happened. I absolutely do not.
Repealing #NetNeutrality means corporations profit and consumers suffer. In the 21st century, high-speed internet should be accessible to everyone, not a commodity only a few can afford.  #SaveTheInternet https://t.co/Im6yBoLlp1
Without #NetNeutrality rules, massive corporations that can afford high-speed internet could smother small businesses that are stuck in the slow lane. America’s entrepreneurs need the internet to stay free and open. https://t.co/n88vpwdUO1
Today, @SenateDems officially filed the petition that allows us to force a vote on the Senate floor to save #NetNeutrality. And with just #OneMoreVote from a Republican, we can secure a victory. https://t.co/92P9zlQmAI
SNAP helps millions of low-income working families and individuals put food on the table. The Republican farm bill will take this vital program away from many of the most vulnerable among us. Families shouldn’t have to choose between paying the bills or buying food. #HandsOffSNAP https://t.co/Q75bqpGB8k
The Republican farm bill will take food assistance away from millions of vulnerable people who rely on SNAP benefits, including children &amp; seniors. These proposed cuts to SNAP will force 2 million more people to go hungry. #HandsOffSNAP https://t.co/zGcGeCYYtf
The president’s desire to fulfill a campaign promise has diminished our nation’s credibility, weakening our standing in the world. Future diplomatic efforts, including with Iran and North Korea, will be more difficult after abandoning an agreement we led the world in negotiating.
President Trump’s own Secretary of Defense, the U.S. intelligence community and the international inspectors all agree that Iran remains in full compliance of the nuclear agreement. There is absolutely no sound reason to exit at this time. https://t.co/YML9AyeyzI
President Obama led the world in negotiating an agreement that prevents Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. President Trump abandoned that leadership role, placing a wedge between us and our strongest allies. https://t.co/YML9AxWXIa
Driftnets kill more dolphins and porpoises off the coast of California than the entire West Coast combined. Now, we can finally phase out their use in California’s waters, just like the rest of the country, and transition to more sustainable methods. https://t.co/7vMDPBdyZg
I urge the president to reconsider and work with our partners to improve the deal we have today. Withdrawing may force the president to sanction our closest allies, and may give Iran pretext to violate the terms of the strongest nuclear agreement ever negotiated.
Every concern President Trump cited about Iran (support for terrorism, human rights violations, destabilizing activities etc.) has just become much more difficult to address now that we no longer have an agreement that prevents Iran from ever obtaining a nuclear weapon.
Despite the U.S. Intel Community and IAEA stating Iran is in compliance, the president decided to withdraw for concerns outside of Iran’s nuclear program. Addressing Iran’s support for terror and ballistic missile program will only be harder by alienating our partners and allies.
A nuclear-armed Iran poses a grave threat to U.S. national security. The Iran agreement forever prohibits Iran from developing nuclear weapons &amp; by every account it is working. Withdrawing from the nuclear agreement may spark a nuclear crisis in the world’s most volatile region.
Everything President Obama has done, this president wants to undo. An agreement that prevents Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon is one thing that should never be undone just to satisfy a campaign promise.
It’s downright cruel to intentionally separate children from their parents as a way to punish immigrants, especially those seeking asylum. This policy betrays our values. We can’t lead the world on issues of human rights if we’re taking babies away from their mothers.
Pres. Trump is expected to withdraw today from the most stringent nuclear weapons agreement ever negotiated. The ranking members of 12 Senate committees have sent the president a clear message: keep the agreement &amp; work with our allies to address Iran’s destabilizing behavior. https://t.co/j4AQJO6IM4
#TeacherAppreciationWeek reminds us that funding Title II programs is so important. These programs allow educators to continue their professional development throughout their careers. We must invest in our teachers so our children can get a world-class education.
Addressing Iran’s destabilizing actions, ballistic missile program and human rights violations would be harder if Iran ever obtains a nuclear weapon. https://t.co/5cofGOyyPr
The ranking members of 12 Senate committees today told the president that unilaterally withdrawing from the Iran nuclear agreement would be a strategic blunder and a threat to our national security. https://t.co/f6TcvIGdaD
We’re calling for full funding for Title II programs so we can give teachers the support and opportunities that will keep our best talent in public schools. Education is fundamental to a child’s success and we must invest in our teachers. #TeacherAppreciationWeek https://t.co/WJAiAIXL7B
An investor’s right to take corporations to court is essential to holding them accountable for any wrongdoing. Denying this right would allow big corporations to ignore the complaints of small investors and continue bad behavior without consequence. https://t.co/jh9utC3d0V
Teachers have a lifelong effect on children. I have fond memories of Mother Mardel, my first teacher at Covenant of the Sacred Heart. She played a major role in my development and instilled a love of learning.  #TeacherAppreciationWeek
Happy #TeacherAppreciationWeek to educators in California and across the country who dedicate their lives to teaching our children. We thank you for all you do for our next generation.
80% of Americans believe we should be doing more, not less, to improve fuel efficiency &amp; cut emissions. There’s no good reason to try to roll back fuel economy standards now. https://t.co/vtJLET4X2q
Fuel economy standards are the biggest step we’ve taken to combat climate change. Current standards are cutting our greenhouse gas pollution by nearly 6 billion metric tons. By 2030, we’d cut our oil use by almost as much as we import from OPEC. https://t.co/vtJLET4X2q
We’re on target to increase the average fuel economy to nearly 39 mpg in 2020 and more than 50 mpg in 2025. But President Trump seems determined to undermine that progress. https://t.co/vtJLESNlDQ
We’ve made a lot of progress in the fight against childhood cancer, but there’s a lot more work to do to boost survivor rates. https://t.co/9Q9zmng2gV
I strongly oppose Chairman Grassley moving forward with a judicial nominee who does not have sign off from @RonWyden or @SenJeffMerkley. This has never happened in the modern history of the Senate. Republicans are going to unprecedented lengths to stack our courts. #CourtsMatter
The Trump administration wants to deport 50,000 Hondurans NOT for security reasons, but for politics. Returning people to countries where they’re likely to get killed is inhumane. My bill with Sens. Van Hollen and Cardin would grant a path to citizenship. https://t.co/WZo3kOE1K4
RT @SenMarkey: Fuel economy standards:		✅save consumers $ at the pump	✅cut greenhouse gas pollution	✅spur tech innovation		@SenFeinstein &amp;…
We can stop this uniquely American scourge of gun violence by banning assault weapons, high-capacity magazines and bump stocks and raising the minimum age to purchase all firearms. The path forward is clear, and the time to act is now. #EnoughIsEnough
Banks and financial institutions are joining the growing chorus of Americans calling for checks on the gun industry, and I urge other banks to do the same. We can and must stop enabling gun violence. https://t.co/TsYnfRWWtL
I’m heartened to see @Dicks Sporting Goods continue to take the lead in the business community on common sense #GunReform. High-capacity magazines and assault weapons have no place on our streets, nor do any guns in the hands of kids under the age of 21. https://t.co/qbO3C7szN3
RT @oceana: Thank you @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris @SenCapito for cosponsoring S.2773 Driftnet Modernization and Bycatch Reduction Act! h…
On Saturday @NASA launches InSight, its first interplanetary launch from the West Coast. This mission to Mars will send a rover to study the interior structure of the red planet. It could be visible for up to 10 million Californians! More info here: https://t.co/hqUrx95WXe
The current fuel economy standards are working, saving drivers money at the pump while reducing harmful greenhouse gas emissions. There's no reason for the Trump administration to weaken them now. Read my op-ed with @SenMarkey: https://t.co/vtJLET4X2q
A free press is essential to speaking truth to power, to hold governments accountable for corruption and abuse. Our democracy wouldn’t exist without journalists free to do their work. Fight fake news this #WorldPressFreedomDay by reading quality journalism.
Facts and truth are essential to democracy everywhere. Journalists in many countries take great risks to bring us these stories. On #WorldPressFreedomDay, read the incredible reporting that cost Kyaw Soe Oo and Wa Lone their freedom. https://t.co/rKQd0rYi4g
On #WorldPressFreedomDay, let’s remember the @Reuters journalists who are being jailed in Myanmar for reporting on the horrific treatment of the Rohingya people. It’s clear their arrests were politically motivated and we continue to call for their release. https://t.co/wMU4Nv2f4X
Thank you @ASAFishing for supporting our bill to protect vulnerable marine species from large mesh driftnets and transition to more sustainable methods of fishing. Together we can get harmful fishing gear out of our ocean! https://t.co/skySBGA2ET
Celebrate Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month this May by learning about the Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders who helped define the US we know today https://t.co/VtBco0n4eI #APAHM
The CDC has warned of an E. coli outbreak affecting romaine lettuce grown near Yuma, Ariz. 90% of winter romaine comes from Yuma. Make sure you ask where your romaine was grown and if you’re uncertain, avoid it. E. coli can lead to serious illness &amp; death. https://t.co/r9jZMV26O2 https://t.co/zSEEyU7jOx
I applaud the efforts by @Dicks Sporting Goods, @BankofAmerica and others to join the growing chorus saying #EnoughIsEnough when it comes to gun violence in the U.S. We’re calling on all banks to adopt gun safety policies for their business customers. https://t.co/TsYnfRWWtL
It's unacceptable that young children are being separated from their families at the border. Not only is it un-American and inhumane, but it has the potential to irreparably harm the child. This is not who we are. https://t.co/gAlZEh9da4
The Education Department counts 23,800 homeless children in San Diego County. In contrast, HUD counts just 1,150 homeless children. It is off by a factor of 20! My bill, the Homeless Children and Youth Act, would ensure children and families are accurately counted. https://t.co/K9Z06sMW9h
Homelessness is at crisis levels in California. According to the Department of Education, there are 267,000 homeless children statewide, 20 percent of all homeless children in the nation. In San Diego County alone there are 23,800 homeless children and youth. https://t.co/SyVu2pfaac
I had a wonderful visit with students at the Monarch School in San Diego. Monarch students are experiencing homelessness, which hinders their ability to learn &amp; grow up healthy. Monarch is successful because it’s equipped to help the WHOLE child, not just their educational needs. https://t.co/el0HgSsRK4
While it’s certainly good to hear that the president has delayed tariffs for our allies, California farmers have already been hit with retaliatory tariffs by China that are having very negative consequences.	https://t.co/3sGvri7hU8
If Director Mulvaney used his position to solicit campaign contributions from lobbyists and bankers, that would be a serious violation of the Hatch Act. We must investigate this potential breach of the public’s trust.	https://t.co/QtY2lwzHqb
20 million Americans gained coverage through the ACA and California’s uninsured rate went from 17 percent to 7 percent. Unfortunately, Republican sabotage efforts are causing the number of uninsured to spike. We must continue to fight to protect our health care! https://t.co/iWOnn1qdLv
Though we’ve succeeded in blocking 4 Republican attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act in the Senate, Republican sabotage of the law has taken a toll, with the rate of uninsured rising for the first time since the law was fully implemented. https://t.co/MNjxmCtnHe
Children and families fleeing horrific violence who reach our borders have a right to claim asylum. They have traveled thousands of miles and deserve to be treated humanely. #RefugeeCaravan
Three out of every four families in need of housing benefits are turned away because of the lack of funding.They’re forced to sacrifice other basic needs like food, childcare and health care. This causes many to end up homeless on our streets. We MUST fight for #AffordableHousing
Affordable homes are critical to pulling families out of poverty. We must invest in #affordablehomes to increase opportunity and give struggling Americans the help they need. #OurHomesOurVoices
BREAKING NEWS: California has brought a lawsuit against the EPA for throwing out a technical analysis that shows strong fuel economy standards are working. The Trump administration cannot ignore the science and the law. https://t.co/zUny35fUt6
Having to choose between paying rent and buying food is unacceptable. So is proposing a rent hike of 300% for working families already struggling to keep a roof over their heads. We’re calling on HUD to reconsider this bad proposal.	#OurHomesOurVoices https://t.co/8O6mpPAbZe
The federal “coal ash” rule ensures this dangerous power plant byproduct is disposed of safely. The rule is necessary to combat the well-documented risks of coal ash landfills like cancer &amp; birth defects. We’re calling on the EPA to not endanger the public by weakening this rule. https://t.co/p119GIVbIP
I agree with Senator Rubio, the #GOPTaxBill hasn’t helped American workers nearly as much as wealthy shareholders. This isn’t a surprise. It’s one of the many reasons I voted against the bill. https://t.co/dZiQ1nUlVV https://t.co/X28evZh0Wh
Under the Trump administration, ICE is no longer prioritizing violent criminals for deportation. Instead, ICE is now indiscriminately rounding up immigrants for deportation, tearing apart families in the process. We can’t allow ICE to receive more money to expand these practices. https://t.co/Pvuh1h3hFe
Amidst a growing opioid epidemic and increased overdoses of meth and cocaine, we must do everything we can to ensure a robust substance abuse prevention infrastructure is in place. Our bill would reauthorize existing programs and build on their successes. https://t.co/xr74wMDKgr
RT @pewtrusts: Commonsense and bipartisanship: @SenFeinstein offers a new approach to #bycatch—a long-standing fisheries problem https://t.…
@CecileRichards has been an incredible champion in the fight for women’s health and an exemplary leader of Planned Parenthood.  I appreciate her commitment to quality, affordable health care in the face of relentless attacks. #ThankYouCecile I can’t wait to see what you do next!
All Americans who are fit and willing to serve our country in the military should be allowed to do so. It’s profoundly cruel to tell transgender individuals serving their country honorably that they are no longer welcome. #ProtectTransTroops https://t.co/ULKmENZTXD
In the past the Farm Bill provided comprehensive farm and food policy, but today this must-pass bill is being used to pass environmentally harmful policies. We hope the 2018 Farm Bill will address policy without destroying our planet in the process. https://t.co/z21ta2N6aK
.@JetBlue ’s return after a decade is a great win for the Ontario Airport and the Inland Empire. This is a major milestone in the airport’s continued growth and exactly why we fought to return the airport to local control. https://t.co/KPNRk8Syuq
The Climate Change Education Act would promote climate literacy by broadening understanding of climate change, the consequences of climate change and potential solutions. Our first step toward confronting this threat to our planet is education.https://t.co/878LtbXqUS
In California, COPS funding has been used to fund programs for at-risk youth, hiring police officers, and in some areas, helped bring about a 50 percent reduction in violent crime and arrests. I am proud to support reauthorizing this important program. https://t.co/NEswQgTbEx
HUD should be helping low-income families across California and the U.S. find safe, quality housing at affordable rents. Increasing their rent by 300 percent is exactly the kind of predatory practice HUD was created to combat. We’re asking HUD why it thinks this is a good idea. https://t.co/oajAjvAEUl
Do you know which vaccinations your child needs and when the best time to get them is? Use this CDC tool to find out and locate resources in your area. https://t.co/4Z9sXn7TDg #NIW #ivax2protect https://t.co/TPUBebEFml
In the U.S., these nets are already banned in the Atlantic, Gulf of Mexico and off the coasts of Washington, Oregon, Alaska and Hawaii. However, they are still used off the coast of California. It’s time to phase them out and encourage more sustainable methods of fishing.
Driftnets, often more than a mile in length, are left in the ocean overnight to catch swordfish and thresher sharks. Sixty other marine species, including whales, dolphins, sea lions, sea turtles, fish and sharks, can also become entangled in the nets, injuring or killing them.
The use of one type of fishing gear in California - large mesh driftnets -  is killing more dolphins and porpoises than everywhere else on the West Coast combined. Our bipartisan bill will remove these harmful driftnets from our oceans. https://t.co/06fr7Ut8pG
Firing Special Counsel Mueller without cause would violate Justice Department regulations, fly in the face of federal law and represent an incredibly dangerous abuse of power. It’s time we bring this bill before the full Senate for debate and a vote. https://t.co/5gl2ufdREG
Bryan Stevenson and @Eji_Org have built a powerful memorial to the thousands of victims of lynchings across the U.S. I hope we can look to our past and learn the devastating consequences of hatred and white supremacy. https://t.co/jlU3faWIu3
Today, the National Memorial for Peace and Justice opens in Montgomery, Ala.  It documents our country’s history of white supremacy and lynchings, one of the least recognized atrocities in our past. This is a historic moment and an acknowledgement of a past often forgotten.
Producer, mixers and engineers play a central role behind the scenes in the creation of music we all know and love. It’s time they’re able to collect the royalties they’ve worked so hard to earn. #WorldIPDay https://t.co/WRnz5UIM6n
Israel’s demolition of Palestinian schools won’t make the Israeli people safer. Cutting off a Palestinian child’s access to education will only encourage violence and extremism. https://t.co/ziivmOxYjl
RT @SenateDems: .@SenFeinstein: The bill codifies [DOJ] regulations and provides an extra layer of protection over the Special Counsel's in…
BREAKING: Good news! The Senate Judiciary Committee has voted to send the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act to the full Senate. This an important step to protect the special counsel from being fired.
Giving your baby the recommended immunizations by age 2 is the best way to protect them from 14 serious childhood diseases, like whooping cough and measles. Find out more: https://t.co/M5QQZky9pT https://t.co/HW31aL6tmz
The sandy beaches and forested ridges of Point Reyes National Seashore are home to 1,000 different species of plants and animals, including more than 45% of North American birds, nearly 18% of California's plants, and 38 threatened or endangered species.#NationalParkWeek https://t.co/bAeTVVwOef
Despite being eradicated in the U.S., America experienced a record number of measles cases during 2014 (667 cases in 27 states). Most patients were unvaccinated.  Important reminder that vaccinations are still critical!  https://t.co/s9ROmH9gYY https://t.co/czfcPdQ8XC
The safety of personal care products is an urgent public health issue for all Americans. Our skin is our largest organ. It absorbs chemicals in these products and we need to make sure they are safe. Thank you @KourtneyKardash for supporting our bill! (S.1113) #BeautyMadeBetter https://t.co/DGsFZ0p7UX
Senators and the American public deserve to know whether the nominee for CIA director was involved in the agency’s torture program. So far, CIA responses to our requests have been unacceptable. https://t.co/MlPdfIxIJg
A year into the ban and we still haven’t seen any evidence or facts to support the president’s claims that it’s necessary for our safety. Policies on immigration, refugees and national security should be fact-based not tweet-based. #NoMuslimBanEver https://t.co/pkvkDkRIBa
Contrary to this administration’s claim, the Muslim travel ban makes our country less safe. It fuels anti-American sentiment and endangers citizens and soldiers stationed abroad. #NoMuslimBanEver https://t.co/W81bc1tbXW
I introduced 2 bills to rescind Pres. Trump’s blatantly discriminatory travel ban. Republicans refused to allow a vote on either one. I hope SCOTUS rules the ban unconstitutional &amp; makes clear to the president that discrimination based on religion will not stand. #NoMuslimBanEver
The Muslim travel ban blatantly discriminates against immigrants based on their religion. It’s an affront to the values of America. We’re a country founded on freedom of religion, not hate and discrimination. #NoMuslimBanEver
The Muslim travel ban is totally unnecessary to protect national security. Stringent vetting procedures have long been in place for all immigrants and refugees admitted into the U.S. The president has paraded bigotry as national security policy.  #NoMuslimBanEver
#Chickenpox can have serious complications &amp; there’s no way to tell if your baby will get a serious case. The good news is most children who get 2 doses of the vaccine are protected. Learn more: https://t.co/M5QQZkPKhr #NIIW #ivax2protect https://t.co/IjIg1mdvFO
It’s National Infant Immunization Week. Did you know you can protect your baby from 14 serious diseases by age 2? Find out more: https://t.co/Lga6uxnqRb NIIW #ivax2protect https://t.co/836IFhZEha
Today we remember the #ArmenianGenocide in the hopes that awareness and recognition of this terrible tragedy will ensure that it never happens again.  https://t.co/3u5xeFBfwb
Kyle Duncan has repeatedly argued against marriage equality. When SCOTUS ruled in favor of marriage equality, he said the decision “imperil[ed] civic peace.” When I asked whether he stood by his statement, he refused to disavow it. #StopDuncan
Kyle Duncan was at the center of Republican efforts to disenfranchise African-American voters. After the Fourth Circuit struck down North Carolina’s voter ID law, noting that it “targeted African Americans with almost surgical precision,” Duncan urged a reversal. #StopDuncan
Kyle Duncan has been at the center of efforts to roll back women’s access to basic health care. He's argued that a corporation has religious beliefs that outweigh a woman’s right to basic health care. #StopDuncan
Kyle Duncan’s nomination is part of the Trump administration’s larger effort to remake federal circuit courts with young, ideological nominees who are often far outside of the mainstream. #StopDuncan
I strongly oppose Kyle Duncan's nomination to the Fifth Circuit. He has made a career of advocating against the rights of women, voters and LGBT Americans. #StopDuncan #CourtsMatter
The Mojave’s Bonanza Spring flows steadily even during severe droughts. A new study shows that’s because the spring is fed by a groundwater source – the same one that the @CadizWater Project would drain for private profit. #SaveBonanzaSpring #StopCadiz https://t.co/w2jknSh4Zk
Despite its name and record high temps, @DeathValleyNPS is home to 400 native species and a diverse landscape of colorful badlands, snow-covered peaks, beautiful sand dunes and rugged canyons. #NationalParkWeek https://t.co/vGmVHXLllP https://t.co/W87DjO03Hc
The second oldest national park in the country just happens to be Sequoia National Park. Boasting the tallest mountain in the contiguous U.S., the five  tallest trees in the world and more than 200 marble caverns, there are worst places to spend a day in the outdoors! https://t.co/SWUNw0AqBX
The horrifying scenes out of Toronto are heartbreaking. My thoughts are with the victims and their families. We stand ready to help our neighbors in any way we can.
My thoughts are with the victims and families of the horrific shooting in Tennessee, and my thanks to James Shaw Jr. who heroically stopped the gunman. This was another deadly shooting with a military-style assault weapon and a high-capacity magazine. Congress must act.
Happy #NationalParkWeek! Have you been to all of California’s 28 national parks? From the scenic views of the Mojave to hiking amongst the redwoods and camping on the Channel Islands, find your next adventure and get out there! https://t.co/5dh1bvM7zE
We must fight barriers to employment by investing in programs like the Senior Community Service Employment Program that provide job training for older Americans. I’ll continue to fight for this important program. https://t.co/r6BunmddUM
It’s disturbing that the Trump administration is separating young children from their parents. Most of these families are fleeing unspeakable horrors in their home countries. It’s inhumane and un-American to tear young children away from their parents. https://t.co/EnBlyk1Qwq
In California, bringing #JunkPlans back would mean up to 5.8 million people with pre-existing conditions could have their coverage threatened. Higher costs, worse coverage and a destabilization of the insurance market aren’t what we need. https://t.co/SboeEbUs8s
All Americans should have access to affordable health insurance plans that include basic benefits like maternity care and mental health services. By bringing back #JunkPlans, the Trump administration will raise premiums and roll back protections for pre-existing conditions https://t.co/I3XQAsPs6I
As we celebrate #EarthDay, let’s remember how far we’ve come in protecting our special places and fighting for clean, land and water. Earth Day is also a call to action for how much more we have to do! The Earth is worth fighting for now and future generations! https://t.co/OaOIDjACZx
Happy #EarthDay! As Californians, we know how vital protecting air, land and water is to our health and economy. We can’t afford to go backward on climate change and pollution. Let’s keep fighting to save our planet for future generations! https://t.co/Djjul80i9Z
As we approach #EarthDay, I hope you’re enjoying the outdoors wherever you are! This article reminded me that as far as we’ve come, we face our biggest challenges ahead. Let’s continue the fight together!  https://t.co/QX4H2ZqnMP
The Deepwater Horizon spill wasn’t just an environmental disaster, it was a human tragedy. Yet eight years later, President Trump wants to roll back the strong safety rules put in place to prevent the next accident. Our bill would make them law.   https://t.co/e2DC40psxj
The impact of the BP Deepwater Horizon spill on Gulf fisheries could total $8.7 billion by 2020, including the loss of 22,000 jobs. We can’t open the door for the same to happen to California! #ProtectOurCoast
200 MILLION GALLONS of oil were released into the Gulf of Mexico when the Deepwater Horizon exploded. 200 million reasons why we don’t need the return of offshore oil drilling. #ProtectOurCoast
Eight years ago the Deepwater Horizon spill reminded us of the dangers of offshore drilling. Yet, @SecretaryZinke wants to allow offshore drilling in states like California while giving Republican governors a pass. Oil spills don’t discriminate on party lines, they affect us all!
The 1969 Santa Barbara oil spill showed California the dangers of offshore drilling. It was the largest spill in U.S. history, but we’ve since seen worse with Exxon Valdez and Deepwater Horizon. If we let @SecretaryZinke have his way, I fear we’ll see even bigger spills.
The Defense Dept. will suspend efforts to recoup pay from Camp Pendleton and Naval Station Fallbrook police officers pending a case-by-case review. All affected police officers must apply for a waiver by June 1. My office is here to assist if necessary. https://t.co/FLTwQUNNlo
This time is different. I’ve never seen the energy and determination I see in these students. We know the path forward. Ban bump stocks, expand background checks, ban assault weapons, raise the minimum age to buy a gun. Let’s put an end to the scourge of gun violence!
This generation of students has grown up with active shooter drills as a routine part of life. It’s shameful we’ve reached this point. These walkouts, the March for Our Lives and activism of these students are just the beginning.  #NationalSchoolWalkout https://t.co/hRhJYAcsWk
Though we’ve seen these shootings become more commonplace for students, there’s reason to be optimistic about a way forward on common sense #GunReform. All across the country students are taking part in #NationalSchoolWalkout and powerfully calling for change.
19 years ago we experienced the impossible tragedy of Columbine. We thought it would change the way we spoke about guns in this country. Today, 206,000 children have been exposed to gun violence in schools, and the same loopholes exist for minors to get their hands on guns. https://t.co/O6oZAk3cpA
RT @Rendon63rd: More research confirms what we've known — that the Cadiz Water Project would dry up springs and harm the ecosystems of the…
I’m glad to see that that the original manufacturer of bump stocks will no longer be selling them. This is a step in the right direction, but the only way to make sure these devices don’t end up on our streets is to pass our bill and ban ALL bump stocks. https://t.co/ZOHMYeR4k2
Most prescription drug abusers get their pills from a friend or family member’s unused prescription. On Saturday, 4 /28, the DEA will be conducting National Drug Take Back Day. Get rid of your unused prescription drugs and help prevent substance abuse! https://t.co/qZM5b1pyzK https://t.co/7zSMAe9nzR
In all the years I’ve been advocating for stronger gun laws, I’ve never seen the passion, momentum and dedication that young people are showing today. Thank you @BarackObama for honoring the Parkland students. We WILL succeed in getting weapons of war off our streets. #Time100 https://t.co/t2ArPXIymF
Thank you to the LA Board of Supervisors for sitting down with me to discuss what steps we can take together to make sure the federal government does what it can to strongly support efforts to end this crisis. https://t.co/lp6z4vXhyi
On any given night in LA County, nearly 58,000 individuals are homeless. The LA Board of Supervisors estimates there are more than 120,000 homeless individuals total. Addressing the homeless crisis in LA County and across California continues to be one of my top priorities.
I’m proud to have a partner in J Street to advocate for the necessity of the Iran nuclear agreement and a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Thank you for your continued efforts and for coming in to talk about the current state of our pursuit of peace. https://t.co/gGruXyI5YJ
RT @NPCA: Silurian Valley near @DeathValleyNPS is home to burrowing desert tortoises, bighorn sheep and golden eagles – and threatened by t…
There’s no better way to start a day out than breakfast with a room full of Californians! Thank you for making me a part of your trips to Washington D.C. and I hope you enjoyed the update on what we’re doing to serve our great state. https://t.co/1AGGB98h9t
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt has ignored science to push an extreme ideology, has wasted taxpayer dollars on personal extravagances and seems comfortable with conflicts of interest. I’m joining with 168 of my colleagues to call for his resignation. https://t.co/R463vwjMZN
The U.S. offered refuge to Nepalese nationals after a devastating earthquake. Unsafe conditions persist in Nepal and their Temporary Protected Status must not be allowed to expire. We’re asking DHS to extend TPS until they can safely return home. https://t.co/boTiQZyBLv
Our bill would expand existing efforts at the national level to prepare communities should an earthquake strike and ready a federal response to aid recovery efforts. We can’t prevent earthquakes, but we can do more to prepare should one occur. https://t.co/sFbT6SwHrl
Though we’ve come far in our earthquake preparedness efforts since 1906, this anniversary should remind us of the potentially devastating consequences earthquakes have on our communities. Californians remain vulnerable should a big one strike. https://t.co/wgAuWBc2Qy
On the 112th anniversary of the San Francisco earthquake, we remember the devastation a 7.8 quake brought to the city. The earthquake, and fires that followed, killed more than 3,000 people and leveled 500 city blocks.	https://t.co/lRpDvFa1wS
Thank you @VetVoiceFound for speaking out about why we need to #StopCadiz and the harm it would do to the Mojave Desert! https://t.co/YprSVCj7nO
RT @HispanicAccess: Cadiz Water Project is misguided and the science backing it up is flawed. We hope regional decision-makers, including t…
Barbara Bush served her country and led her family with dignity and grace. She made children's literacy a lifelong cause and improved so many lives. I'll miss her wit and candor, and I send my thoughts to the entire Bush family.
The Republican farm bill would weaken nutrition programs that low-income Americans, including children &amp; the elderly, depend on. We should be helping the more than 40 million individuals who experience food insecurity, not forcing 2 million more people to go hungry. #ProtectSNAP https://t.co/fLSWItfB8t
We need someone who can represent all Americans in the pursuit of peace. Calling for attacks on Iran during multinational negotiations, accusing Muslim-Americans of complicity in the Boston Marathon bombings and disparaging LGBT Americans are not the hallmarks of a good diplomat.
Secretary of State and CIA director are very different jobs. Mike Pompeo’s disdain for diplomacy and his divisive remarks toward minority groups lead me to conclude he’s not qualified to lead the State Department. https://t.co/kx8FgI16HX
As if ballooning the deficit weren’t bad enough, the #GOPTaxBill is proving to be a windfall for corporations that are spending their tax relief on stock buybacks.
It’s clear who the #GOPTaxBill will benefit the most. This isn’t a bill for the middle class, it’s a bill for the richest Americans. https://t.co/Rj0DvFL6OU
RT @NPCA: New science confirms what the @NatlParkService and @USGS has long warned: the Cadiz Inc. proposal threatens CA desert water sourc…
RT @MojaveDesertLT: 1 of 3: This just in - Groundwater pumping will have devastating impacts on #BonanzaSpring, the largest oasis in the so…
Congratulations to San Francisco’s Andrew Sean Greer and Compton’s Kendrick Lamar on earning Pulitzer Prizes for fiction and music. Two great artists doing California proud.
In 2016, the United States accepted more than 15,000 Syrian refugees. More than four months into 2018, we’ve accepted just 11 refugees. The United States must open its arms to those who have experienced the unspeakable horrors of the Syrian civil war. https://t.co/rFlzWVCQuL
If President Trump wants to address the humanitarian catastrophe that is the Syrian civil war, he should fulfill our obligation to accept refugees. We have admitted only ELEVEN Syrian refugees this year. Completely unacceptable!
Congratulations to the Santa Rosa Press Democrat on earning a Pulitzer Prize for extraordinary coverage of the wildfires that tore across California last year. Well-deserved! @NorthBayNews
11 years ago the tragedy at Virginia Tech was the worst mass shooing the U.S. had ever seen. Today, mass shootings have continued and still claim the lives of America’s youth. #EnoughIsEnough, how much longer will we let gun violence plague our communities?
The CIA has yet to declassify background material for Gina Haspel, nominated to lead the agency. We must have the complete picture of her involvement in the CIA torture program in order to fully review her record and qualifications. https://t.co/FLCHw7BLOT
Before we passed a law guaranteeing unaccompanied immigrant children basic humanitarian protections, they could be detained for months with violent offenders. Read my @PostOpinions op-ed: https://t.co/Rsl4HIY4py
We can’t let Cadiz jeopardize a fragile ecosystem for its private gain. It’s time Cadiz and its investors give up on this boondoggle and leave the Mojave Desert alone! #StopCadiz
The greed of this company is unsurpassed. @CadizWaterProject would endanger the delicate Mojave Desert Preserve and all the Joshua trees, bighorn sheep, tortoises and wildflowers that call it home, just so they can profit. #StopCadiz https://t.co/0TIrKUuYPi
A new study proves that the aquifer @Cadiz_Inc seeks to drain is connected to critical desert springs, contrary to the company’s claims. Given this new information, I strongly believe Cadiz’s state environmental review must be reexamined. https://t.co/zU71ZVs8V5
Before we passed a law to ensure their basic rights, immigrant children as young as four were held in secure prisons, isolated and forced to wear shackles. We MUST protect these laws against the Trump administration's pledge to repeal them. https://t.co/Rsl4HIY4py
National Park visitors spent approx. $18.4 billion in local economies in 2016, supporting more than 300,000 jobs. This fee increase will make it harder for families to visit their parks, hurting the local economies of the communities around the parks
The fee increase is supposed to address the $11.6 billion maintenance backlog, but at the same time, the Trump administration also wants to cut the National Park Service’s budget by more than $472 million.
Secretary Zinke’s decision to raise national park entrance fees is the wrong approach to fixing the @NatlParkService maintenance backlog. Our bill, the National Park Service Legacy Act, would address the backlog without raising entrance fees for national park visitors.
On one of the most historically significant days for Sikhs all over the world, I’d like to wish a Happy #Vaisakhi to everyone celebrating in the American Sikh community. https://t.co/S3JTqooZZN
I’m continuing to monitor Syria in the aftermath of yesterday’s missile strikes. Assad must NOT be allowed to gas his citizens, but Congress also must be consulted regarding use of force. My thoughts are with our servicemen and women in harm’s way.
The Trump administration wants to repeal the law that provides basic humanitarian protections to immigrant children, calling it a “loophole.” It’s not a loophole. I would know—I wrote it! Read my @PostOpinions op-ed: https://t.co/Rsl4HIY4py
Immigrants should not be penalized for using tax credits for working families or ensuring their U.S. citizen children have access to vital nutrition &amp; health care programs. These families are our neighbors, working and contributing  to their communities. https://t.co/MZgi62QlDe
This violence is exceptionally destructive for both the Palestinians and the state of Israel. It must end. Violence is not the pathway to reconciliation. https://t.co/fKwx5cgKnH
Due process is essential to upholding our principle of justice for all. It’s absolutely unacceptable that the Trump administration is stripping detained immigrants of the most basic legal resources. https://t.co/AwdhN117mm
The LGBT community faces significant hurdles in accessing health care. Removing resources that could help them access care is unconscionable. It’s appalling that the Trump administration is letting political ideology compromise the health of LGBT Americans. https://t.co/dQwhp6uGW8
Pleased to see the Western Trauma Association of surgeons joining the growing chorus saying #EnoughIsEnough when it comes to gun violence! Deadly weapons of war designed to kill do not belong on our streets! https://t.co/MuMYFKU244
Yet another instance of Donald Trump proving he’s utterly incapable of being presidential. Stop with the name calling. Stop with the bullying. And stop with your Hillary Clinton obsession. You’re not being paid to tweet. Do your job! https://t.co/YiEbbybX62
Illegal border crossings are at their lowest recorded level—they have been reduced by 2/3 since the 1990s. $25 billion for a border wall is a complete waste of money. The border is more secure than it’s ever been.
Thanks to the #GOPTaxScam, the deficit is projected to increase by 21 percent in 2018. The last thing we need is to spend $25 billion on the president’s unnecessary wall!
I support international education because #IntlStudents enrich our classrooms, exposing our students to diverse views and backgrounds. That’s why I’m a proud cosponsor of two bills (S. 601 &amp; S. 2255) that promote investment in the cultural and academic benefits of #IntlEd.
Angelenos! Are you looking for a way to get involved in the city’s push to end homelessness? Stop by the Homeless Service Professionals Job Fair this Friday from 9am-1pm at the Los Angeles Trade-Technical College. https://t.co/hKfXPFv1wP
As we continue to lose those who lived through the tragedy of the Holocaust firsthand, it’s incumbent on us to teach younger generations the history and lessons learned during that dark time. https://t.co/0nTmsfrpvs
China is a leading destination for California pistachios, almonds, wine and citrus products. The Trump administration must make it clear how they plan to protect American farmers from a costly trade fight with the world’s second-largest economy. @CAFarmBureau https://t.co/lwD3QcpejS
On #YomHaShoah we remember the 6 million Jewish lives lost in one of the darkest chapters of humanity and recommit ourselves to battling intolerance and hate wherever they occur. It’s up to us to ensure history is not repeated. #HolocaustRemembranceDay
President Trump’s trade war means that 90 percent of California’s leading nut and fruit exports are hit with retaliatory tariffs. The president’s misguided actions are already causing real harm to our agricultural community, and additional tariffs could bring even more damage. https://t.co/cwtdzkXAnr
Excited to see that grants will begin going out with funds generated by Measure AA to restore the San Francisco Bay. $18 million will go a long way to regenerate the marsh, shoreline and animal life in the bay area. https://t.co/RNCBn9BLUu
The #FairHousingAct empowers HUD to make sure our communities are integrated, but we’ve seen varying degrees of commitment to this mission. Delaying the implementation of the 2015 HUD integration rules flies in the face of the goals the FHA set out. https://t.co/nEV4pd9qZX
50 years ago Congress passed the #FairHousingAct to tackle institutionalized discrimination and redlining practices in cities across the country. Today, where you live still effects the chances of a child graduating high school, going to college and finding a good-paying job.
The 50th anniversary of the #FairHousingAct reminds us how integral the words “free from discrimination” are to the idea of fair housing. That’s why we call on Secretary Carson to keep these words in the HUD mission statement. https://t.co/P7elxYdOcl
I strongly support a bill to protect the special counsel from being fired. Democrats asked Chairman Grassley to delay debate because we’re worried about an amendment that could undermine the investigation. ALL political interference MUST be removed from law enforcement decisions. https://t.co/cWAipY8MWd
Pleased to see another company saying #EnoughIsEnough. I welcome @BankofAmerica ‘s commitment to end the epidemic of gun violence in America by refusing to lend money to manufacturers of military-style firearms. https://t.co/VjBmtTMXK3
I just discussed the very real danger that nuclear weapons with Daniel Ellsberg of Pentagon Papers fame. It was a sobering discussion that reinforced my strongly-held belief that we must reduce global nuclear stockpiles. https://t.co/LI1hFfvUYK
It was a pleasure spending the morning with Californians visiting Washington! Thank you for coming out, it was great meeting everyone and I hope you enjoyed hearing about what we’re doing to represent California in the Senate. https://t.co/Zxd98gqcDk
Republicans control the House, Senate and White House – if they really wanted to balance the budget, they could. But a constitutional amendment won’t eliminate the hard choices that Republicans have repeatedly refused to grapple with.
President Trump &amp; Republicans are now trying to claw back critical investments from the just-passed funding bill. Republicans are in the majority and wrote the bill. A deal is a deal. Reneging less than a month later is ridiculous and will poison the appropriations process.
The surplus during the Clinton era was partly the result of making sure the wealthiest Americans were paying an appropriate tax rate. If Republicans really cared about deficits, they wouldn’t have jammed through a $1.5 trillion tax cut for the wealthy that wasn’t paid for.
It’s a simple fact that America’s population is getting older, and older people generally require more government services. The solution to this debt problem is increasing revenue, not cutting vital programs that millions depend on. https://t.co/Nzqvj9Nekz
The Lamoureux twins @JocelyneUSA17 and @moniquelam7 helped the U.S. women’s hockey team win Olympic gold. Now they’re joining the #KnowYourValue campaign to continue the battle for #genderequality. Keep up the fight! #EqualPayDay
30,000 people are killed by guns each year. If any other public health threat killed this many Americans, we would act swiftly to find solutions. But the CDC STILL can’t conduct research. That needs to change. #EndGunViolence
You have to be 21 to buy a beer. You should have to be 21 to buy ANY gun. It’s time to raise the minimum age for firearm purchases. #EndGunViolence.
350 pediatricians are on Capitol Hill today calling for commonsense gun safety laws and funding for gun violence research. Gun violence is a public health crisis, but Republicans refuse to treat it like one! #EndGunViolence.
RT @cspan: WATCH: Exchange between @SenFeinstein and Mark Zuckerberg on Foreign Interference of Elections		Full video here: https://t.co/mK…
Medical professionals are clear: assault weapons cause DEVASTATING damage to their victims. These weapons were made for one purpose: to kill. Weapons of war don’t belong on our streets or our schools. #EndGunViolence
STARTING NOW: Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is testifying before a joint hearing of the Senate Judiciary and Commerce Committees. https://t.co/b9VopXskhs
For every $1 men make in the U.S., Asian women, on average, make 87 cents, white women 80 cents, black women 63 cents and Latinas just 54 cents! The pay gap cuts across race and affects ALL women regardless of where they work. Let’s close the #PayGap! #EqualPayDay https://t.co/pUlnHcWRLo
At the current rate @AAUW estimates the #PayGap won’t close until 2119! That’s completely unacceptable. We MUST put an end to the discrimination of women in the workplace TODAY, not generations from now. https://t.co/gQS5oHN0Lo
I’m proud that California is a leader in the fight for equal pay, but there’s still work to be done. On average women in CA make 88 cents for every $1 men make, black women 62 cents and Latinas 43 cents. We demand equal pay for equal work! #EqualPayDay https://t.co/iKK2ZL6lTY
According to a new nonpartisan government report, Republicans are ballooning the deficit, in large part because of their $1.5 trillion tax cut for the wealthy that they refused to pay for. We can’t return to $1 trillion deficits, especially not on the backs of working Americans.
Congratulations @SenDuckworth and welcome to the world Maile Pearl!  You have one great mother! https://t.co/12jDMw62FL
Glad to see the people behind Backpage, a site that has long profited from sex trafficking of young girls, are finally being brought to justice. This has been a long time coming and the result of years of hard work by law enforcement. https://t.co/cPT0HAGdZI
California manufacturing and agriculture jobs are at risk due to the President Trump’s entirely unnecessary trade war. If he continues down this path our industries could suffer long-term damage and lose market-share to exports from other countries.
China is one of the world’s largest markets for wine. A 15% tariff on American wines will make it harder for California winemakers to compete with their counterparts in New Zealand, Chile and Australia. President Trump should be making business easier for our growers, not harder.
California grows 100% of the almonds, walnuts and raisins exported to China. President Trump’s trade war means all three products will now be subject to a 15% tariff by China. The president must take steps to protect our agriculture industry from harm.
Glad to see the Federal Court in Massachusetts uphold the state’s #AssualtWeaponsBan. Five courts of appeals have also upheld assault weapons bans. Weapons of war are not protected by the 2nd amendment and we must get them off our streets. https://t.co/UsXTvHRpAK
Relieved to hear that so far there are no reports of damage or injuries due to today’s 5.3 magnitude earthquake. Very encouraging that the new earthquake early-warning system seems to have worked successfully and is developing well. https://t.co/pY41j7DpFv
On #GoldStarSpousesDay we honor the families of military men and women who sacrificed their lives for our country. They have endured the unthinkable and we thank them for their service.
Children fleeing horrific violence and poverty should at the very least have the guarantee of humane treatment &amp; due process. I’m appalled at the Trump admin’s labeling of these protections as ‘loopholes’ and I oppose any effort to change these laws. https://t.co/j0EGlUGI2Y
Congress passed $2.3 billion in disaster assistance for farmers affected by last year’s wildfires and hurricanes, but guidance from USDA on how to apply for these funds hasn’t been put in place. We’ve asked USDA to clarify their plan on helping farmers. https://t.co/rLhQEc1GN4
The Trump administration today demanded repeal of protections for unaccompanied immigrant children, calling them ‘loopholes.’ They are not loopholes. They provide the most basic humanitarian and due process protections. I will strongly oppose efforts to change these laws.
The president is putting obstacles in the way of American exports by inviting retaliatory tariffs from other countries. California farmers face enough challenges in the global market without Trump’s unnecessary trade war. https://t.co/AKayfaZPb9
President Trump’s trade war isn’t a good deal for American growers. China’s tariffs will make it difficult for California-grown goods like pistachios and wine to compete with similar products from other countries.  https://t.co/x47csXRCju
President Trump’s trade war will hit California farmers hard. $2 billion worth of CA exports—including all exported almonds, walnuts, raisins, plums, grapes, kiwis, dates and figs—will now be subject to a 15 % tariff when exported to China. How does that protect American jobs? https://t.co/BntyP2KXcl
Asking police officers to repay tens of thousands of dollars due to the Navy’s error is too heavy a burden on those who put their life on the line to protect our military installations. We’re calling on Secretary Mattis to waive the garnishment of their salaries. https://t.co/jyy0wKSySh
I’m deeply concerned that HUD wants to remove language from its mission statement that promotes inclusion and discrimination-free communities. We have made tremendous progress in these areas and should keep moving the ball forward, not backward. https://t.co/1dbGEHYt6m
Today we remember the life of Martin Luther King Jr. who worked tirelessly against institutionalized racism, systemic poverty and all forms of inequality in our society. We honor him by working to achieve his dreams for our country. #MLK50Forward
My stomach sinks with yet another active shooter alert. I’m praying for the safety of everyone at YouTube headquarters.
The current standards are projected to save nearly 2.5 million barrels of oil a day by 2030 – about as much as we currently import from OPEC every day –  saving consumers more than $1 trillion and reduce global warming pollution by 6 billion metric tons.
We’re demanding answers from the @EPA on why it caved to the auto industry’s demands and is overturning fuel economy standards that are working. The Trump administration’s actions will force Americans to pay more at the pump and emit more greenhouse gases. https://t.co/5KLDqSe3au
Phthalates are used widely in food packaging and pose a risk to public health. Yet, despite the dangers it’s difficult for families to avoid some level of exposure. We must work to reduce contact between our food and this harmful substance. https://t.co/z6Vf65SdT8
Phthalates are harmful chemicals that pose a health risk to pregnant women and can lower testosterone levels for men. In children, they have been linked to learning and behavior problems, and have contributed to birth defects in boys.
87% of Americans want a DACA fix, Democrats are ready to find one when President Trump decides to get serious about fixing a problem he created but refuses to solve.
In order to qualify for DACA, you must have lived in the U.S. since at least 2007. President Trump is wrong. DACA is not encouraging people to cross illegally into the U.S. New arrivals are not eligible under DACA.
At the White House, I asked President Trump to support a clean DACA bill. He immediately agreed. A day later, he walked that commitment back and has ultimately opposed every single bipartisan bill to protect Dreamers.
It was wonderful to spend some time with women who are leading the way in our business and tech communities. Thank you @SVLeadershipGrp for organizing an excellent roundtable! https://t.co/BnDkcXoyaP
The EPA wants to overturn strong vehicle emission standards that are working. Cars are becoming more fuel efficient and consumers are saving money at the pump. https://t.co/eEyWj3gAPY
The EPA is willfully ignoring the fact that we already have one national standard and it’s working. Automakers are on track to raise fuel efficiency to more than 50 mpg by 2025 and at lower costs than expected. There simply is no reason to walk away from that progress. https://t.co/P1H1SGkRlP
Democrats worked in good faith for months to come to an agreement to protect Dreamers. We agreed to support flawed bills that included provisions we oppose, like funding for the border wall, to get it done, but the president still said ‘no.’ He walked away—not Democrats.
President Trump is absolutely wrong on DACA. He unilaterally rescinded DACA—for no reason—and has rejected every single bipartisan proposal that would protect Dreamers from deportation. It’s simply false to say that Democrats walked away from the table.
Happy Easter! I hope everyone has a restful and peaceful day surrounded by friends and loved ones.
On #CesarChavezDay we remember the remarkable life of one of America’s greatest organizers who devoted his life’s work to the community around him in an effort to improve lives. https://t.co/Opg1DzMlYs
Chag Sameach! To everyone celebrating Passover, I wish you a happy and peaceful holiday.
California has its own authority under the Clean Air Act to fight pollution. We won’t sit idly by while the Trump administration and the auto industry tries to create a common standard of mediocrity for car manufacturers. https://t.co/UyUDe5peKW
The EPA is willfully ignoring the fact that these emission standards are working. Cars are becoming more fuel efficient and consumers are saving money at the pump.	https://t.co/5eCRieNTqE
As we begin Good Friday I’d like to wish everyone a pleasant, safe and fun Easter weekend.
California’s workers &amp; families may be eligible for the state Earned Income Tax Credit. A great tax credit that puts money back in the hands of hardworking Californians. See if you’re eligible &amp; don’t forget the deadline to file your taxes is April 17! https://t.co/Px7ocz1FO8
The April 17 tax filing deadline is fast approaching! Find free tax prep help in your local area with the IRS search tool: https://t.co/VN3ESWX1Em
Today we honor the millions of Americans who served and sacrificed for their country in Vietnam. Thank you all for answering the call. #NationalVietnamWarVeteransDay
Young people who have experienced the devastating loss of their friends and teachers and are fighting to end violence should NEVER be personally attacked by adults. It’s appalling.
The CFPB’s rule on predatory payday lending gets to the heart of its mission to protect consumers from unfair, deceptive, and abusive lending practices. We’re calling on the CFPB not to undermine or repeal this rule. https://t.co/miaarrbyB2
RT @businessinsider: Trump claimed the tax bill would lead to a huge boost in business spending — but there's no sign of it yet https://t.c…
27 million workers and families received the federal Earned Income Tax Credit in 2017, with an average amount of $2,445. Use the IRS EITC Assistant to check your eligibility ahead of the April 17th filing deadline. https://t.co/Vr1d6pvbyM
The IRS estimates that 21% of those eligible for the Earned Income Tax Credit don’t claim it, leaving money on the table. Check your eligibility with the IRS EITC Assistant and ensure you’re getting your full refund. https://t.co/Vr1d6pvbyM
I believe we can finally end this epidemic of gun violence. I have great hope in this new generation of young leaders. They marched in over 800 different cities, millions of people over the weekend and they are eager for a change.
We passed an assault weapons ban in 1994 and it worked. It reduced the number of people killed or wounded over that 10-year period. And after it ended in 2004, deaths and shootings quickly escalated.
Today we have 15 million assault weapons in the U.S. These are guns modeled after military weapons and then sold to civilians. For what? You can’t use it for hunting. You don’t need it for defense. What do you really need it for?
I’m thankful for the opportunity yesterday to sit down with survivors, advocates and City Attorney Feur, who leads Prosecutors Against Gun Violence, at UCLA. I’m honored to have heard their stories and hope we can continue to work together on commonsense #GunReform. https://t.co/6bIEuthw4i
Do you need to file a tax return before the April 17 deadline? Use this IRS quiz to check your status. The IRS has more than $1.1 billion in unclaimed refunds, but you must file a return to claim your refund. https://t.co/F5RtG11g3T
I agree with Secretary Moniz, “if Trump withdraws the United States from the agreement, with Iran complying…he will have compromised the most stringent nuclear verification standard ever achieved, with no credible prospect for restoring or improving it.”	https://t.co/WvXEnliwl2
The White House assertion that a question on citizenship has been asked on the census since 1965 is wrong. It hasn’t been included since 1950, and not once in the 53 years since the Voting Rights Act was passed. https://t.co/XlRMPe3ePv
RT @StanfordArchive: In honor of #WomensHistoryMonth we look back at pioneering @Stanford Class of 1955 Vice President @SenFeinstein as she…
RT @SenSchumer: The administration should read @SenFeinstein’s oped before it makes any more rash decisions on the #Census2020 https://t.co…
An inaccurate count of everyone living in the United States would erode the foundation of our democracy. The Trump administration’s goal is to decrease census participation and further divide our communities. https://t.co/pdchbTNVjh
Una cuenta inexacta en el censo tendría un efecto profundo y negativo en nuestra democracia. La meta de la administración Trump es limitar la participación de ciertas personas y dividir a nuestras comunidades. https://t.co/mvp7Nx1Alf
A census citizenship question targets states with high immigrant populations, harming everyone who lives and works in those communities. I’m committed to working with California officials to remove this question.	https://t.co/Om06vv7MPW
An accurate census count is vital to our democracy. The Trump administration’s decision to add a citizenship question on the census is a cynically political ploy to discourage participation in immigrant communities and harm the states where they live. https://t.co/W1fkbhNlOR
As a little girl, Linda Brown became the center of a monumental stand against institutionalized segregation. Brown v. Board of Education loudly proclaimed that separate was anything but equal. Today we remember how far we’ve come in one lifetime and how far we have to go. https://t.co/WjOawIUbh9
Happy Birthday to Leader @NancyPelosi ! How appropriate that it falls during #WomensHistoryMonth. Nancy has made her fair share of history as the first and only female Speaker of the House. I can’t wait to see what she’ll do next.
Congress has dedicated $252,727,000 to expand access to high-quality child care and early learning for kids in California. @CLASP_DC estimates that 11,770 more kids will now have access to high-quality child care in California. #ChildCare4All #ChildCareNow
Too many working families in California struggle to find affordable, high-quality child care. I’m pleased Congress is funding the largest child care funding increase in history to help address our child care crisis. #ChildCare4all #ChildCareNow
The $2.37 billion increase for child care in Congress’ funding bill is a down payment on the Child Care for Working Families Act. This is a HUGE win! We must ensure access to high-quality child care and early learning for all. #ChildCare4All #ChildCareNow
All Americans who are fit and willing to serve our country in the military should be given the opportunity to do so. It’s profoundly cruel to tell transgender individuals serving honorably that they are no longer wanted just because of who they are. #ProtectTransTroops
Young people nationwide are saying with one voice "ENOUGH." It was an honor to stand with them today in San Francisco. We will not accept an America where children learn in school to hide from gun fire. We WILL strengthen our gun laws. #MarchForOurLives https://t.co/HR6868xxvp
Today is another step along the path to fixing our broken gun laws. This march is proof that Americans want #GunReform NOW. Will Republicans continue to block bills that Americans are demanding?
Ban bumpstocks. Raise the age to purchase guns to 21. Universal background checks. Ban assault weapons &amp; high-capacity magazines. Gun restraining orders. There are the actions we can take now to secure our schools and communities and make America safe again. #MarchForOurLives
I’m proud to stand with students across the country today to say #EnoughIsEnough. We know what steps we can take to end this EPIDEMIC of gun violence. Will we continue to wait for more tragedies or pass commonsense gun reform NOW?#MarchForOurLives
I’ve been fighting to get weapons of war off our streets and out of our schools since I was first elected. Never have I seen this passion, this energy, this determination to get #GunReform passed and make our communities safe again! #MarchForOurLives
#MarchForOurLives is here! Today students and families take to the streets across America in support of #GunReform. Now is your time, make your voices heard! Let’s finally rid our communities of rampant gun violence.
Young people are demanding that we get assault weapons off our streets. Let's listen to them. https://t.co/jnWYGm88XE #MarchForOurLives
I’m deeply troubled by the shooting of Stephon Clark. I’m profoundly sad and angry for Stephon’s family and his loved ones. His family and the community deserve answers. There needs to be an independent, transparent inquiry into what happened.
Stories of asylum seeking children being separated from their parents continue to be reported. Not only does this fly in the face of our legal and humanitarian obligations, but it’s positively un-American. https://t.co/19bUuEqdOa
Trump’s ATF said it doesn’t have authority to ban bump stocks in April 2017. It’s now changed its position; which is an open invitation for the gun lobby to sue &amp; tie this up in court. If President Trump was serious about a ban on these deadly devices he would support our bill. https://t.co/AY0jf5a55l
2.8 million Americans sustain traumatic brain injuries each year and 137 die every day. An unknown number go undetected and untreated. Let’s make #BrainInjuryAwarenessMonth about ensuring those who suffer these injuries get the best available care.
California has truly lost a treasure. We’re a stronger state today because of the years of service Nancy McFadden so selflessly gave us, most recently as Jerry Brown’s chief of staff. She’ll be missed and her absence felt.
Dems have made good faith efforts to resolve this crisis. We’ve agreed to support flawed bills that include provisions we oppose, like funding a border wall, and the president has still said ‘no.’  If there is no DACA fix today it’s because the president didn’t want one.
The president is wrong. President Trump unilaterally rescinded DACA and rejected every bipartisan proposal that would solve the crisis. He went back on his word after agreeing to deals time and again.
The DHS IG must investigate the resignation of the San Francisco ICE spokesperson to determine if the Trump administration is distorting facts about immigration enforcement for political purposes. https://t.co/vx9XyaNKBi
To promote Gina Haspel, who was so heavily involved in the torture program, to the top position at the CIA is a move that I’m very wary of. Read more here: https://t.co/0hY9LPtgyb
I voted NO on the government funding bill because it does not include a solution for Dreamers. Our government made a promise to these young people and it’s absolutely unacceptable that they continue to live in fear.
In 2016 alone, 198 California families reported abductions by a parent. Our resolution raises awareness of this important issue in the hopes that we can continue to help parents who find themselves in this terrible situation.
It’s hard to imagine a more devastating situation for parents than their children being taken to or retained in a foreign country. Unfortunately, this happens more frequently than we think &amp; it’s incredibly difficult for parents to get their children back. https://t.co/6jciMD1lBx
It was truly my pleasure to meet with students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. Their voices are vital in our continued push for commonsense #GunReform. I’m sorry we met due to such tragic circumstances but I’m grateful to have spent time with them. https://t.co/auzGp3Emp8
Thank you @Citi for deciding not to do business with sellers of: firearms to those under 21, bumpstocks, high-cap magazines, or without completing background checks. The 4th largest bank in the U.S. is adding their voice to those saying #EnoughIsEnough! https://t.co/4tVSUFIgHJ
I’m deeply disappointed the Senate failed to end our involvement in the war in Yemen. We should no longer enable a proxy war between Saudi Arabia and Iran that has become the world’s worst humanitarian crisis. https://t.co/0I0hcOEhA6
Instead of creating jobs or raising wages, the #GOPTaxPlan is primarily helping corporations make wealthy shareholders even richer. https://t.co/yY2EmwhD8r
Cambridge Analytica’s alleged exploits during the 2016 election are shocking. Serious allegations of foreign actors engaging with a U.S. campaign to implement a widespread influence operation targeting Americans must be investigated &amp; the full extent of their efforts made public. https://t.co/tzRdQml1er
I am greatly disturbed by President Trump’s use of twitter to intimidate those working on the special counsel’s Russia investigation. Current Justice Dept regulations protect Special Counsel Mueller and the Sen. Judiciary Committee should pass legislation codifying the regs. https://t.co/y4KStLt5Ir
Other countries are deliberately using investment tactics to evade our national security safeguards. We must update our tools to separate legitimate investment that we welcome from the bad actors stealing from us. https://t.co/sCiIqzAyZo
If you're in Ventura county you can visit https://t.co/mlIMEs984L to stay up to date on the storm. Stay safe and continue to heed all warnings and evacuation notices. The emergency hotline is up and running at 805-465-6650.
Santa Barbara County, stay safe as the storm rolls through. Continue to monitor https://t.co/DkjcM2hd14 for the latest news and warnings. Remember to abide by all evacuation orders and warnings.
I see no reason why the Trump administration can’t make public which 21 states were targeted by Russian interference efforts during the 2016 election. Americans have a right to know if their state was targeted and if so, how their state is protecting future elections. https://t.co/EMSDrLQ583
Sex traffickers sell their victims on websites like Backpage. A congressional investigation showed Backpage knew about these ads and reaped profits. It’s time we pass #SESTA and start holding accountable websites like Backpage.  #StopSexTrafficking
Websites shouldn’t be profiting and encouraging sex trafficking on their platforms with impunity. I support the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers act to get this content off the Internet and hold websites responsible for promoting trafficking crimes #StopSexTrafficking #SESTA
Websites that facilitate sex trafficking – like Backpage -- must be held accountable. The Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act would give victims the ability to seek justice from websites that advertise sex trafficking. #StopSexTrafficking #SESTA
If you’re older than 50, mark Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month by getting screened. Screening is vital in order to catch colorectal cancer in its early stages, yet only 65% of adults are up to date on their screenings. https://t.co/uKOSiu6Z5a
Thank you Speaker Rendon for standing against the #Cadiz water project. Californians don’t want a vital Mojave Desert aquifer drained and their clean drinking water contaminated for corporate profit. https://t.co/DzSwA9xKaT
WATCH NOW: The Intelligence Committee is questioning DHS officials about our election vulnerabilities and what they’re doing to protect the midterms. 	https://t.co/Xg0jAxSJji
Individuals who earn up to $47k per year receive financial assistance to help make health insurance affordable. But those who make $1 more get no financial help at all. That makes no sense and contributes to affordability problems. Our bill is an easy fix. https://t.co/KMEZL8QCR1
An inaccurate count of everyone living in the United States would erode the foundation of our democracy. The Trump administration’s goal is to decrease census participation and further divide our communities. https://t.co/pdchbTNVjh
Una cuenta inexacta en el censo tendría un efecto profundo y negativo en nuestra democracia. La meta de la administración Trump es limitar la participación de ciertas personas y dividir a nuestras comunidades. https://t.co/mvp7Nx1Alf
The United States is enabling a major proxy war in #Yemen between Saudi Arabia and Iran. I support the Sanders-Lee resolution to end our role in this terrible conflict. https://t.co/Mg4ZfiN5wy
On #NationalAgDay, remember that if you eat American-grown almonds, artichokes, dates, figs, raisins, kiwi, olives, clingstone peaches, pistachios, prunes, pomegranates or walnuts, they were almost certainly grown in California. Thank you California farmers and ag workers!
Mandatory and voluntary evacuation orders are in place for Ventura County. Make sure to check your address with @VenturaOES’s interactive map. https://t.co/Wdv07VAWHj
Mandatory evacuation orders are in place for Santa Barbara County. Please stay safe and heed all evacuation orders. https://t.co/3Ia4kpgmfl
Heavy rain is expected across Southern California over the next few days. Please stay safe and pay attention to emergency officials, especially near areas that were burned by wildfires. @CAL_FIRE
Many thanks to Peter Lee of @CoveredCA for coming in to talk about ways we can improve affordability of health insurance and stabilize the individual marketplace. It’s imperative we help ensure affordable coverage is available for all. https://t.co/odX2fJWSLT
California has led the country in protecting women’s access to health care. I strongly support California’s FACT Act, a law to ensure women have access to accurate information. #EndtheLies
Many federal laws inform patients, consumers and workers of their rights. California’s FACT Act is no different. Ensuring women have access to factual information about the law in no way violates the First Amendment. #EndtheLies
RT @VitalVoices: "For far too long, violence against women was seen as a local problem, and it wasn’t seen as the larger epidemic that it i…
California is a leader in ensuring women have accurate information about how to access health care and their legal rights. That’s why I joined @SenKamalaHarris in filing a Supreme Court amicus brief in support of California’s FACT Act. #EndtheLies
The Judiciary Committee must get answers from Cambridge Analytica and Trump campaign officials. Today I called on Chairman Grassley to support our request for documents and interviews.
I first called on Cambridge Analytica to provide documents and answer questions back in OCTOBER. To receive cooperation, we need bipartisan support.
@karoun I’ve said all along that Mueller is protected by DOJ regs from being fired. The regs state Mueller can only be fired for cause, and Rosenstein has said repeatedly there is no cause. Rules are clear, but I also support legislation to codify this protection.
I’ve said all along that Mueller is protected by DOJ regs from being fired. The regs state Mueller can ONLY be fired for cause, and Rosenstein has said REPEATEDLY there is no cause. Rules are clear, but I also support legislation to codify this protection.
I’m asking @ChuckGrassley to join me in seeking documents and testimony from Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix, whistleblower Christopher Wylie, Professor Aleksandr Kogan and Trump campaign officials. https://t.co/Hwk6EkIxhM
News reports of Cambridge Analytica’s abuse of private Facebook data to influence the 2016 election is very disturbing. The Senate Judiciary Committee needs to fully investigate this matter. https://t.co/ANczzPqXMI
The CDC researches ALL leading causes of death in America EXCEPT for gun violence. It’s ridiculous that Republicans have blocked the CDC from treating gun violence as a public health problem since 1996. We MUST allow the CDC to do its job properly! https://t.co/mOPEG8lIaN
Attention: California is home to more El Salvadoran immigrants with temporary protected status than any other state. TODAY is the deadline to renew status for 18 months. This is critical, Trump administration is ending TPS for El Salvadoran immigrants. https://t.co/qpWAI6nbsx
Special Counsel Mueller is a lifelong Republican. He's universally respected and will follow the facts. His investigation must continue without political interference. The American people will not stand for efforts to impede his work.
It's incumbent on Republicans to make clear that they would not accept the firing of Special Counsel Mueller. If Republicans don’t condemn these attacks on the special counsel’s investigation, they are complicit in the president's efforts to undermine it.
Congratulations to my good friend, @RepMarcyKaptur! Today she became the longest-serving woman in the House of Representatives after more than 35 years of public service. #WomenMakeHistory #WomensHistoryMonth
The president's statements today are unprecedented in their venal nature. They make crystal clear that Andy McCabe's firing is part of the effort to undermine law enforcement and Special Counsel Mueller's investigation. The president must cease and desist with these attacks.
The firing of Andy McCabe is part of a pattern to root out top law enforcement officials. Special Counsel Mueller must not become part of that pattern. The rule of law and health of our democracy is at stake.
The census must not be turned into a political weapon. That's why we're calling on the Justice Department to answer questions about which Trump administration officials advocated for a question on the census about citizenship status. https://t.co/r0SzJoGZFD
.@SecretaryZinke has stacked his advisory board with hunters rather than conservation experts, a clear bias toward hunting rather than protecting these majestic creatures. https://t.co/uz2d32yLWz
I’ve joined with @SenatorMenendez and several of our Senate colleagues to again call on @SecretaryZinke to permanently ban trophy hunting imports that serve no positive conservation benefit. #BeKindtoElephants https://t.co/KwlXq7zCWT
Once again the Trump administration is trying to lift the import ban on African elephant trophies. Either @SecretaryZinke has decided to ignore his boss or the president's mind was changed about this ”horror show.” #BeKindtoElephants https://t.co/81o55VEBRF
#NationalPark visitors spent approx. $18.4 billion in local economies in 2016, supporting more than 300,000 jobs. This fee increase would make it difficult for many Americans to visit and hurt communities around the parks
If @SecZinke wants to get serious about addressing the NPS backlog without making the ational parks unaffordable for most Americans, they’ll back our bill. https://t.co/wrqnpPgvYB
The fee increase is supposedly meant to address the @NatlParkService’s $11.6 billion maintenance backlog, but the Trump administration also wants to cut the National Park Service’s budget by more than $500 million.
.@SecretaryZinke has proposed raising peak season fees at 17 National Parks, including three in California: @YosemiteNPS, @JoshuaTreeNP &amp; @SequoiaKingsNPS.
.@SecretaryZinke claims too many people visit our #NationalParks without paying. He’s wrong – free entry passes are only available to active military, individuals with permanent disabilities, children and park volunteers.
I'm so sorry to learn of the passing of Rep. @LouiseSlaughter. She entered public service at a time when there were few women in the arena and blazed a trial for countless others. You couldn't find a better advocate for women in Congress. My thoughts are with her family.
President Trump’s goal is to divide, not unite, and this is just his latest attempt to tear apart our communities.  A precise census that includes all people living in the US is critical to our democracy. https://t.co/pdchbTNVjh
La meta de la administración de es dividir, no unir. Este es su último intento de lastimar a nuestras comunidades.  Un censo preciso que incluya a todas las personas que viven en EE.UU es crítico para nuestra democracia. https://t.co/mvp7Nx1Alf
Abuse of prescription drugs are a major contributor to the opioid crisis. The Opioid Quota Reform Act of 2018 will empower the DEA to set more accurate quotas to help prevent opioid overdose deaths while also maintaining legitimate access. https://t.co/DsEGO0d6sD
Deaths due to opioid abuse are at EPIDEMIC levels. Allowing the DEA to consider abuse rates and overdose deaths when establishing quotas for opioid production is a no brainer. With our new bill the DEA would be able to more effectively prevent opioid diversion and abuse.
A child’s opportunity for success should not be left to chance, we must do everything we can do to support our public school system. Enable our students, empower our families and endow our educators with the tools and resources to be successful. #PublicSchoolsWeek
According to the most recent data available, we had a nationwide high school graduation rate of 84%, the highest in U.S. history. We should recognize this during #PublicSchoolsWeek, but keep working hard to top that mark next year.
Faced with a rising tide of gun victims, it’s unsurprising doctors share our priorities: ban assault weapons, expand background checks. We know there are steps we can take to combat gun violence. How much longer must we wait to take them?
As a country we can’t allow children being shot to death in school to become routine. We must break the cycle of discussion and turn to action. Powerful piece from trauma surgeons on the front lines. https://t.co/8JwiXwWTBY
In addition to opposing commonsense gun safety reform, the Trump administration wants to spend $13.2 million to make it EASIER to buy machine guns and silencers in the name of "reducing violent crime." That’s madness! https://t.co/Z0iAXUIPCb
#WomensHistoryMonth reminds us that far too many women still experience workplace and equal pay discrimination. The Equal Rights Amendment would provide a constitutional basis for fighting those cases. #PassTheERA https://t.co/4HhkUcvFb7
I’m celebrating #WomensHistoryMonth by calling on my Senate colleagues to #PassTheERA. The Equal Rights Amendment will finally, expressly prohibit gender-based discrimination in our Constitution – and that’s long overdue. https://t.co/0bOl2JGyzC
Congratulations to SF &amp; Oakland for being selected to host the @IASociety 2020 #InternationalAIDSConference. The Bay Area is a leader in HIV/AIDS care and research and I’m pleased we’ll get to share that with the world.
Important: Last week, AG Sessions changed the ruling in decades-old immigration policy to undermine rights of those seeking asylum. This administration will leave no stone unturned to further its attacks on immigrants and undermine their rights. https://t.co/enfl0m4s8f
Gina Haspel was involved in one of the darkest chapters in American history. Senators who will vote on her nomination MUST know the exact role she played in the CIA’s torture program. https://t.co/NhlT9Zrucp
The ATF director acknowledged in our hearing that banning bump stocks through regulation is likely to be challenged in court, and that the best way to achieve a ban on bump stocks is passing a law. If Republicans want to get bump stocks off our streets, they will support my bill!
We've heard the students who participated in the #NationalSchoolWalkout loud and clear. I'll never stop fighting for stronger laws:		Ban on assault weapons and bump stocks	Universal background checks	Age 21 to buy assault weapons	Barring dangerous individuals from having guns
.@Dicks Sporting Goods is a HUGE business, 700+ stores. CEO Ed Stack knew it was risky to stop selling assault rifles &amp; high-capacity magazines. But he still did it! A great example! He’s a 2nd Amdt supporter and gun owner who understands we need commonsense gun safety laws. https://t.co/7dT6KhZJfS
Today we said goodbye to a brilliant mind and a portrait of perseverance. No one made us question the universe quite like Stephen Hawking.	https://t.co/kZpfny90nn
It’s been just one month since the tragedy in Parkland, but Republicans are trying to distract from meaningful  #GunReform by ignoring guns and focusing on law enforcement and tech companies. We’re not fooled. Let’s finally put an END to this epidemic of mass shootings!
Students know all too well the devastation of mass shootings. Today and on March 24th they are making their voices heard! Find your local march and let’s be loud and clear: America wants meaningful #GunReform NOW!
Will Republicans listen to students who have taken a stand against gun violence or continue to block bills that most Americans agree with? #NationalSchoolWalkout
A generation of students has grown up in a mass-shooting era. It’s challenging enough to educate our children and prepare them for success in life without active-shooter drills. We can, should and must make our communities safe! #NationalSchoolWalkout
We must act. We cannot continue to sit in this room week after week and simply do nothing. High school students who have lost their friends are literally begging us to take action to get these guns off the streets and out of our schools. #EnoughisEnough
I stand in solidarity with the students rallying today in support of commonsense #GunReform. While you make your voices heard in communities nationwide, @SenateDems call for stronger gun safety laws in the Judiciary Committee. #NationalWalkoutDay https://t.co/dZ8DDPqigW
I’m proud of the students protesting inaction on gun safety. They have the courage to stand up to the NRA and lawmakers would do well to follow their example.#NationalWalkoutDay
STARTING NOW: The Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on the Parkland shooting. Democrats will be talking about commonsense proposals to stem gun violence. Watch live: https://t.co/4iM9zaHcPh #GunReformNow
On #NationalWalkOutDay, lawmakers should listen to students who are demanding stronger gun safety laws. These students know the horror of mass shootings and they deserve to be heard. My op-ed: https://t.co/lOxVguSiA7
I’m worried that my colleagues may have forgotten where the path of deregulation ends. I oppose this bill for the simple reason that it goes too far in weakening the protections we put in place to prevent another financial crisis.
The bill we are considering in the Senate goes beyond targeted relief for small institutions. It would lift requirements for large banks in our country. The CBO says the probability of a large bank failing or another financial crisis would RISE if S. 2155 is passed into law!
I remember hearing from top financial officials 10 years ago about the potential for a total collapse of our economy. For those of us who were here, that was our fear: total collapse. https://t.co/Qzz7x3aYua
As we continue through #WomensHistoryMonth, I’d like to commemorate San Francisco’s first female African-American streetcar conductor, Maya Angelou, who you probably know as one of America’s most beloved poets, authors and civil rights activists. https://t.co/8A8OdAnuOL
At tomorrow’s Senate Judiciary hearing I’ll be speaking on the importance of getting weapons that don’t belong in the hands of civilians off our streets. These guns were modeled on the M-16, a military weapon, and designed for one purpose: taking lives.	https://t.co/q2xtUfNnSC
Tomorrow marks one month since the Parkland shooting. We welcome students to the Capitol rallying for #GunReform and I will be talking in the Judiciary Committee about the importance of getting weapons of war off our streets.  	https://t.co/aZ7ID8vw5X
Students don’t want teachers armed. Parents don’t want teachers armed. Teachers don’t want teachers armed. It’s clear the president has caved to the gun lobby &amp; ignored the voices of students and teachers—those actually affected by his NRA-approved plan.	https://t.co/LzOWm68R3D
Arming teachers is an utterly ridiculous idea that teachers strongly oppose. Even trained law enforcement officers encounter extreme difficulty in the face of a heavily-armed shooter.
90 years after the tragic St. Francis Dam failure, we commemorate the lives lost with our bill for a memorial. Oroville was a wakeup call – we must maintain critical infrastructure for the safety of our communities. https://t.co/KDL5Uxq300
The United States must avoid an arms race with Russia. That’s why we’re urging Secretary Tillerson to convene the next U.S.-Russia Strategic Dialogue as soon as possible, extend New START and work to enhance transparency of Russia’s nuclear arsenal. https://t.co/IIYQE4rBdN
President Trump thinks trade wars are easy to win, but unless the president reverses course, it will be Californian consumers, workers and families who will lose. https://t.co/FsfDk3CxiR
Mueller’s indictment charges 13 Russians with serious crimes against the U.S. The president MUST use all means to force them to stand trial. Interfering in our elections is a crime that affects all Americans, regardless of party, and cannot be tolerated. https://t.co/x9LnZOILn3
To no one’s surprise, the president has caved to the gun lobby. Responding to the murder of 17 students and educators by endorsing the gun lobby’s platform is a shameful abdication of the president’s responsibility to lead. #GunReformNow
With assault weapons on our streets our schools aren’t safe, our police officers aren’t safe, our communities aren’t safe. We must get these weapons of war off the streets NOW! https://t.co/fgZ14hjkii
Besides selling impossibly delicious cookies, the @GirlScouts are instilling girls across our county with confidence, educating them in civic engagement and preparing the next generation of female CEOs, senators, governors and presidents. Happy 106th Birthday! #GirlsScoutsDay
#TitleX is about health care, not ideology. The program helped provide basic health care to 4 million patients last year alone. Funding MUST remain for core services like birth control.
Instead of targeting nations that are trading unfairly, President Trump's tariffs penalize our closest partners and allies right when we need their help dealing with North Korea. This makes no sense!	https://t.co/i9kjjr0dvG
Despite the president's claims, trade wars aren't easy to win. His tariffs endanger thousands of California jobs, from longshoremen and manufacturers to agriculture workers and construction workers. https://t.co/6Tm13dptO8
#TitleX is about health care, not ideology. The program helped provide basic health care to 4 million patients last year alone. Funding MUST remain for core services like birth control.
Join #MarchForOurLives on the 24th and let’s finally push some commonsense #GunReform bills through Congress!
The only way to guarantee bump stocks are banned is to pass a law. If Republicans truly wanted to get these dangerous devices off the streets, they would support our legislation. #BanBumpStocks
I’m proud to support courageous students taking their message of #GunReformNow to Washington D.C. and communities across the country. We MUST make our schools safe by strengthening our gun laws #MarchForOurLives
Just 2 weeks until #MarchForOurLives students and families take to the streets in support of #GunReform. Find your local march, make your voices heard and demand change!
Devastated to hear three victims were killed at the Yountville Veterans Home. These women dedicated their lives to serving veterans and helping them. My thoughts are with their families.
Heartbreaking to hear of an active shooter situation at the Yountville Veterans Home. Praying for all of those involved and for a peaceful resolution. @CHP_HQ has set-up a phone number for relatives to check-in on their loved ones: 707-948-3331
This #WomensHistoryMonth I’m proud to cosponsor a resolution to celebrate the innumerable contributions of Latinas like California’s own Ellen Ochoa, who in 1990 became the first Latina to go to space! https://t.co/XdhnmkTDZy https://t.co/hFJauyd0Rk
From agriculture to construction to railroads, America has been made great by immigrants who came with little more than a strong work ethic and hope for better lives. Thanks to Los Angeles for honoring the contributions of braceros. https://t.co/Vps6WmD5N5
What a great lunch with these bright, young interns and law clerks! Excited to see where their ambitions take them. https://t.co/RIsduqD8qn
LAST DAY to tell President Trump: Don’t drill along California’s coast! https://t.co/dTx64XXP6h #ProtectThePacific
Proud to have received a perfect score on the @LCVoters 2017 environmental scorecard. I won’t stop fighting for clean water, clean energy and to protect California’s public lands. https://t.co/2DozezEFHi
Great to see Los Angeles officials and advocates pushing back against the termination of Temporary Protected Status. I've introduced legislation to provide individuals with TPS a path to citizenship. https://t.co/LXO2noAlA7 #SaveTPS
Make no mistake, the AR-15 is a weapon of war. And like military weapons, trauma surgeons know that it tears through flesh, shreds organs and leaves gaping exit wounds. These guns aren't for civilians. We MUST get them off our streets. #BanAssualtWeapons https://t.co/8h700Mqspf
Republicans are trying their best to distract from #GunReform, but I won’t stop until we see real action, action that we know the majority of Americans support. https://t.co/1a2QHctl1f
On #InternationalWomensDay I’d like to commend the courageous women who bravely stepped forward to #PressForProgress and bring an end to sexual abuse in amateur sports. https://t.co/d4O38nM0Ua
Here we are on #InternationalWomensDay a year later and the pay gap persists! Let’s get the Paycheck Fairness Act passed into law and start closing the wage gap for working women everywhere! https://t.co/OmyHVTtd82
On #InternationalWomensDay, I highly recommend this @NYTimes feature honoring incredible women who were never given the recognition they deserved. https://t.co/ngRTsvNX7J
This #InternationalWomensDay I’m thrilled to reflect on all the great work women are doing, like Shea Holbrook who I met last month with advocates for National Girls and Women in Sports Day. @SheaRacing is a race car driver and is blazing a trail for all of us! https://t.co/zQqmPqlmnv
Only 2 days left to protect California’s coast. Speak out against President Trump’s plan to allow new offshore oil leases: https://t.co/dTx64XXP6h #ProtectThePacific
The U.S. makes up 4% of the world’s population but is responsible for 31% of all mass shootings and 42% of all guns. The only way to solve our gun violence epidemic is to get weapons of war off our streets! https://t.co/rEdeDeNrZ6
Hearing from survivors and victim families was heart-wrenching. They showed such strength by sharing their stories. None of us know what we’d do in their position. But what we can do is get to work on passing real #GunReform https://t.co/B8ZPnB6GRG
It was an honor and a pleasure to welcome members of the California VFW to Washington. We must do all we can to help those who have served in uniform. Thank you for your service! https://t.co/2VqwDcnCT6
ACT NOW! President Trump wants to give oil companies new leases to drill along California’s coast. We won’t let him! https://t.co/dTx64XXP6h #ProtectThePacific
ICE’s targeting and intimidation of immigrants with no criminal backgrounds is forcing entire communities to live in fear. I’m proud of California’s efforts to combat this and protect its residents
The Trump administration has once again attacked California to score political points. California shouldn’t be punished for shielding law-abiding immigrants from deportation. California will stand strong!
Targeting and arresting parents who have lived in this country for decades as they take their children to school is NOT what California stands for. I fully support @AGBecerra and his defense of California’s values.
I agree with @JerryBrownGov—an attempt by the Trump administration to go to war with California, the world's sixth largest economy, is foolish and will not succeed!
We just heard from families affected by gun violence, including those from Parkland, Newtown and Virginia Tech. Their stories are gut wrenching. I left that hearing emotional, angry and even more committed to continue to push to get weapons of war off the streets. #GunReformNow
President Trump is quietly trying to allow African elephant trophies to be imported again. We need to protect these animals, not continue a practice he’s already called a “horror show.” #BeKindToElephants https://t.co/qvVbDoz5wG
I've called for Scott Llyod to resign as head of the Office of Refugee Resettlement. He has used his official office to block vulnerable young women from accessing medical care. That’s unacceptable! https://t.co/GKYKGBu4Rv
From Sandy Hook to Aurora, Sutherland Springs to Parkland, one common thread that runs through mass shootings is the use of an AR-15 military-style assault weapon. It's time to get these weapons of war off our streets.  #BanAssualtWeapons
STARTING NOW: Mass shootings have become the new normal across our country and in our schools. Join us as we hear from gun violence survivors and family members urging Congress to act swiftly on #GunReform:	https://t.co/b2mDZihJu6 https://t.co/EGwr3QsPhl
As we continue to learn more about foreign interference in the 2016 election, we MUST do everything we can to protect against ongoing efforts to meddle. I’m proud to lead this bill to protect the integrity of our ballots. https://t.co/ksrEhfLXxx
Only a few days left! We need your voice to stop President Trump’s offshore oil drilling plan: https://t.co/dTx64XXP6h #ProtectThePacific
If we don’t learn from past failures, we’re doomed to repeat them. This bill to roll back Dodd-Frank protections simply goes too far and needlessly places our economy and families at risk. https://t.co/nFXYwiWk9m
If the administration really wants to make our communities safe, it will stop targeting law-abiding immigrants and separating families. We should prioritize dangerous criminals, not hardworking families.
Around 750,000 California children who are U.S. citizens have parents who are undocumented.  California is right to keep families together by protecting law-abiding parents who have lived here for decades.
Attorney General Sessions called California’s efforts “irrational and unfair.” Exactly the words I’d use to describe the targeting of immigrants who are working, paying taxes and follow the law instead of those with serious criminal records.
California is once again the target of the Trump administration’s attacks and we will not stand for it! I fully support @AGBecerra and @JerryBrownGov ‘s defense of California. https://t.co/zVahdF0zyz
Tell President Trump: No new offshore oil drilling along California’s coast! Deadline to comment is this Friday, March 9. https://t.co/dTx64XGdHH #ProtectThePacific
Separating young children from their parents as a form of punishment flies in the face of American values. I've repeatedly told the Department of Homeland Security this policy is completely unacceptable. https://t.co/yk0oCjsCXo
RT @SenateDems: “There’s so much we can do. We just need the willpower and intestinal fortitude to take on the NRA and get something done f…
No requirement to enroll in health insurance means fewer people will be insured and coverage will be more expensive for those who are. We need to keep fighting Republican attempts to roll back the Affordable Care Act! https://t.co/63ELJOvVI0
The requirement to enroll in health insurance was key to keeping premiums affordable. Without it, California premiums will INCREASE by 7%! Scrapping it as part of the #GOPTaxScam shows how little Republicans care about affordable health care. https://t.co/WaI9JcW8Dr
Affordable, meaningful coverage is ESSENTIAL! We can’t go back to plans that exclude necessary care such as maternity and mental health. That’s why I’m cosponsoring the Fair Care Act: https://t.co/otGK0JyB2S
Bringing back junk health care plans is a clear attempt to circumvent the Affordable Care Act’s protections for those w/ pre-existing conditions. Republicans can’t repeal the law so they're trying to undermine it at every turn. The Fair Care Act will guarantee these protections.
.@USATodayOpinion: The tax bill was sold as a way to create jobs and boost stagnant wages. So far, corporations have been showing more concern about shareholders than employees or the economy. https://t.co/aPtEnTvjkT
Corporate tax savings are overwhelmingly going to wealthy shareholders instead of being used to raise workers’ pay. #GOPTaxScam https://t.co/p4olwWeaae
We’ve asked Interior to extend the comment period on offshore drilling, but in case they don’t, make sure your voice is heard! You have until Friday! Leave a comment! https://t.co/dTx64XXP6h
We’ve gone decades without a new oil rig off our coast. Now’s not the time to change that, and I know Californians agree with me. That’s why we’re calling for a 60-day extension to the comment period: https://t.co/KO2TDBTmgS https://t.co/edgu8CHDI9
Health insurance companies are getting a huge boost to their bottom lines, while insurance premiums and drug prices continue to rise. #GOPTaxScam 	https://t.co/aOMzvYdrZl
It’s unbelievable that DACA will end without a legislative solution.  This is an enormous loss for our communities and for the state of California. #ProtectDreamers https://t.co/PU2HMJf2P0
Bump stocks are a clear attempt to get around existing laws banning machine guns because they allow semi-automatic weapons to fire at the same rate as machine guns. Our bill is the only real solution! Urge Republicans to back S.1916!
Thank you to the women with @beautycounterhq who traveled to D.C. from every state in the country to advocate for our Personal Care Products Safety Act! #SafeProducts #BetterBeauty
Reports from the @latimes that 26 farmworkers were arrested by ICE last week are deeply troubling. Workers who contribute to our country shouldn’t be targeted for deportation just to score political points. We must pass my bill to provide farmworkers a path to citizenship.
An executive order banning bump stocks would be tied up in courts for YEARS and do nothing to prevent their sale in the meantime! A legislative fix is the only way to ensure the safety of our communities.
The ATF has already said it lacks the ability to ban bump stocks. If the president is serious about getting these deadly devices off our streets, he will support our bill and call on Republicans to stop blocking it.
@SenFeinstein: The last thing our economy needs is to create a brain drain, which is exactly what would happen if we deport the Dreamers we’ve helped educate, train and prepare for the 21st century workforce. #ProtectDreamers	https://t.co/6EktDPmmYa
La decisión de la Corte Suprema sobre #DACA no disminuye la necesidad de que el Congreso actúe. Tenemos el deber moral de abordar la crisis humanitaria que el presidente Trump creó al cancelar el programa. #ProtectDreamers
The Supreme Court's decision on #DACA does not lessen the urgent need for Congress to act. We have a moral duty to address the humanitarian crisis President Trump created by ending the #DACA program. #ProtectDreamers
Do we want America to be a country where students are shot to death in their classrooms? I will never accept an America that puts so little value on the lives of children. The good news is the vast majority of Americans feel the same way. We can change things. #GunReformNow
Democrats have repeatedly negotiated in good faith to #ProtectDreamers but President Trump has torpedoed every single one of our efforts. It is time he step aside and let Congress solve the crisis he alone created.
Los demócratas han negociado de buena fe para proteger a los #Dreamers, pero el presidente Trump ha rechazado cada uno de nuestros esfuerzos. Es hora de que permita que el Congreso resuelva la crisis que él mismo creó. #ProtectDreamers
More than 21,000 #Dreamers have already fallen out of status. As of March 5, over 1,200 Dreamers a day will lose their work permits and be subject to detention and deportation. #ProtectDreamers
Más de 21,000 #Dreamers ya han perdido sus protecciones bajo #DACA y a partir del 5 de marzo, más de 1,200 Dreamers perderán sus permisos de trabajo y estarán sujetos a deportación y detención. #ProtectDreamers
We've come a long way in the Senate, but we still have a long way to go. So my message as #WomensHistoryMonth gets under way is for more women to get involved, engage in your communities, make change happen. And keep up the fight. https://t.co/8tTS6t4uW2
A review of the world’s gun laws shows that countries with far lower gun death rates than ours make it harder for potentially dangerous individuals to get their hands on guns. https://t.co/u7j6iFlkMk #GunReformNow
People often ask me what it will take to ban assault weapons and get weapons of war off the streets. The answer is we need to match the passion and intensity on the other side. We need to make clear that reducing gun violence is a TOP priority.
Young people give me hope that we'll finally be able to strengthen our nation's guns laws.  We've never seen this kind of mobilization of students after a mass shooting. They aren't going to live with the status quo any longer. #GunReformNow
The United States has four percent of the world’s population but 42 percent of the world’s guns. There’s no mystery as to why our death rate from guns is so high. It’s not mental illness or video games. It easy access to guns! #GunReformNow
Two more companies are taking a stand to reduce gun violence.  You wouldn’t be seeing companies changing policies on guns and distancing themselves from the NRA if things weren’t changing.  https://t.co/DtJVjyjync
Relieved to hear the evacuation order in Santa Barbara has been lifted and families can now safely return to their homes. https://t.co/DU9CCoZCbA
Children (as young as 3 years old!) fleeing unspeakable terrors in their communities are forced to represent themselves before immigration judges. The absolute least we can offer them is due process. Delighted to co-lead the Fair Day in Court for Kids Act with @maziehirono
The statistics are absolutely shocking &amp; the evidence is clear. The gun lobby can’t keep pretending we don’t know why we’re the only industrialized nation plagued by mass shootings. Republicans need to back commonsense gun laws to protect our communities! https://t.co/CQRjujpokr
There is a Red Cross evacuation center at Earl Warren Showgrounds, 3400 Calle Real, Santa Barbara. Stay up to date with the latest information: https://t.co/8UkR8jdeyD @countyofsb
SANTA BARBARA COUNTY: Due to the incoming winter storm, a mandatory evacuation order is in place for homes near the Thomas, Sherpa and Whittier fire burn areas and areas on the Santa Barbara south coast (in Goleta, Santa Barbara, Montecito, Summerland and Carpinteria). Stay safe!
No one needs a hundred rounds for their handgun. Ban high capacity magazines. Reasonable gun reform NOW! https://t.co/c3O4RDo11u
California’s 152,000 federal workers perform vital jobs from assisting our veterans with housing &amp; healthcare to maintaining our beautiful national parks, all in the name of public service. That’s why I’m proud to recognize their hard work by cosponsoring the FAIR Act (S. 2295).
Meeting with U.S. Special Olympics athletes brought a smile to my face. What a terrific group! I enjoyed hearing about your day-to-day and what you’re doing to advocate for those with special needs. Keep it up! Go for the gold! https://t.co/mhKE0G76Ri
In shooting after shooting, friends and families have seen the warning signs that the shooter may commit an act of violence. Our bill would help states that want to create a legal avenue for families to obtain gun violence prevention orders.
This @LaTimesOpinion piece is exactly right. Congress needs to act to ban bump stocks. https://t.co/AIS1M94sE1
The gun lobby needs to put up or shut up on stopping people who exhibit “red flags” from getting guns. If it doesn’t support our Gun Violence Restraining Order Act then it’s all just talk.
Machine guns have been banned for decades but a loophole in the law allows bump stocks. These dangerous devices allow semi-automatic weapons to fire at the rate of machine guns. Our bill is the ONLY way to ban them.
According to research, since the Aurora theater shooting, the average death toll in a mass shooting has been 24.4 when an assault weapons is used. When another firearm is used, the average death toll has been 7.5. Assault weapons make shootings FAR MORE deadly. #BanAssaultWeapons
As African-American History Month closes, I’d like to highlight how important it is that federal courts reflect our diverse communities. President Trump has NOT advanced that goal. He’s nominated just ONE African-American judicial nominee out of 80 total nominees. #CourtsMatter
Good to see overdue changes being made at the U.S. Olympic Committee. Officials who were aware of sexual abuse and chose not to intervene have no place overseeing our Olympic teams. Reports of sexual abuse must be reported immediately. 		https://t.co/Ks2VYabdL3
Read more about my bill with Senator @JeffFlake to raise the age for purchasing assault weapons from 18 to 21 here: https://t.co/wKY95ukQQH
BREAKING: Senator @JeffFlake and I just introduced our bill to raise the age for purchasing assault weapons to 21.  If you can’t buy a beer, you shouldn’t be able to buy a weapon of war like an AR-15. While we need to do more, this is a commonsense step forward. #GunReformNow
Ensuring women know their rights and have access to factual information about the law in no way violates the First Amendment. Let’s ensure women have that access. SCOTUS  should uphold California’s FACT Act.  https://t.co/aHWFRpWpuA
Well done @DICKS Sporting Goods! Thank you for helping us get weapons of war off our streets. Your decision will help save lives.
Thank you Senator @TimKaine for signing onto our assault weapons ban! We're continuing to build support to #BanAssaultWeapons and protect our children.
RT @MayorOfLA: Angelenos deserve a world class transportation system — and we’re building the future of it right now!		This week we broke g…
Right now we have 50 Senators who support saving #NetNeutrality, along with 83% of the American public. We only need ONE MORE VOTE to pass the resolution we introduced today and #SaveTheInternet! https://t.co/vTp8PMEwrG
The Trump tax cuts have been a windfall for wealthy shareholders. Companies are prioritizing buying back shares over lifting wages or creating jobs to grow our economy. https://t.co/EeBcHf575E
Telemedicine is increasingly vital for those in rural areas with little access to health care facilities. Ending net neutrality could threaten low-cost services for these patients by making telemedicine companies pay more for reliability and high speed service. #OneMoreVote https://t.co/4IPlXYvoDN
Why would we stifle creativity and innovation by repealing net neutrality? #SaveTheInternet. #OneMoreVote https://t.co/DLoVDQXuzh
Trying to ban bump stocks through regulation could be tied up in court for YEARS. Just another way to pass the buck and avoid taking a vote that would upset the gun lobby. Passing legislation is the ONLY way to get this done NOW. #BanBumpStocks
"A handgun [wound] is simply a stabbing with a bullet. It goes in like a nail." With the high-velocity rounds of the AR-15, "it’s as if you shot somebody with a Coke can." https://t.co/xkyw3pEtjn #BanAssaultWeapons
Congressman Hawkins knew leadership is not being the loudest, but persisting and dedicating yourself to working for a better world. #BlackHistoryMonth https://t.co/IFzEo4w8Xu
#BlackHistoryMonth is a time to remember leaders like Congressman Gus Hawkins who was the first African American from California to be elected to Congress. His work was essential to passing the Civil Rights Act and the establishment of the Congressional Black Caucus. https://t.co/vUhic0brNS
The president is WRONG on bump stocks. Banning them can ONLY be done by passing my legislation, or else it’s going to be tied  up in court for years. Anyone who says they support banning bump stocks needs to support our bill. #BanBumpStocks
We’ve seen countless families and communities broken by gun violence. I’ve met with many victims and their pain never leaves me. Gun violence is a public health crisis in this country and we need a comprehensive response. #GunReformNow
Through their pain, the students from Parkland have been demanding lawmakers take action to make sure an AR-15 can never be used to perpetrate another mass shooting. That’s why I’m calling for a Judiciary Committee hearing on our bill to #BanAssaultWeapons.
This week we’ll be introducing legislation to bring the rules for AR-15 sales in line with handguns, which already require a minimum 21 years of age. While we need to do more, this is a commonsense step forward. #GunReformNow
Accessories like bump stocks allow semi-automatic weapons to fire like machine guns. The ONLY way to guarantee these dangerous devices are taken off the streets is to pass my bill. #BanBumpStocks
Weapons like the AR-15 are designed to hunt people, not deer. They are designed to kill the greatest number of people in the shortest amount of time. We need to get these weapons of war off our streets. #BanAssaultWeapons
The tide is turning: A Republican House member comes out in support of banning assault weapons. https://t.co/M4rRHOBxMX #BanAssaultWeapons
Russian interference in our elections cannot be condoned. We all need to know what happened in 2016 and what actions Russia continues to take today. Robert Mueller’s investigation must proceed unhindered, and rebutting the misleading Nunes memo is a step toward that goal.
The Schiff memo is a well-considered rebuttal to the misinformation in the Nunes memo. As I said when it was released, the Nunes memo was an attempt to undermine the Steele dossier and Robert Mueller’s investigation, and it shouldn’t have seen the light of day.
I’m pleased the Schiff memo is finally being made available for the public to review. It will help Americans understand why the Nunes memo was wrong.
RT @MayorOfLA: 🎊 Breaking ground on the next phase of the @PurpleLineExt, extending the subway under Wilshire Blvd to connect downtown L.A.…
Must-read from a trauma surgeon on the damage caused by an AR-15: "[The bullet] does not have to actually hit an artery to damage it and cause catastrophic bleeding. Exit wounds can be the size of an orange." https://t.co/sqICPPDZsB #BanAssaultWeapons
The president’s obsession with California is growing more outrageous by the day. His attacks are not only mean-spirited, they’re patently false. https://t.co/9V4LWRr9au
We’ve seen in mass shooting after mass shooting that family members have seen the warning signs. The problem is these families often have no legal avenue to bar their loved ones from obtaining guns. Our bill changes that. #GVRO
The gun lobby says that we need to take guns away from those who exhibit ‘red flags.’ You can only do that through a legal process and only a handful of states have one in place. If the gun lobby is serious, it’ll support our Gun Violence Restraining Order Act. #GVRO
Families have little recourse if they want to ensure their loved ones do not get their hands on guns that they could use to kill themselves or others. Our bill would help states establish a court process to allow that to happen. #GVRO
Machine guns have been banned for decades but a loophole in the law allows bump stocks. These dangerous devices allow semi-automatic weapons to fire at the rate of machine guns. Our bill is the only way to ban them. #StudentsStandUp
Here's how we strengthen background checks: Ensure states and federal agencies contribute information; expand background checks to ALL sales, and close the loophole that allows sales to proceed if background checks are not completed in 72 hours. #StudentsStandUp
Here are the facts: Our current assault weapons ban covers specific weapons AND weapons that accept a detachable magazine and have ONE military characteristic. The 1994 ban required two characteristics. Our current bill IMPROVES upon on the 1994 bill. #StudentsStandUp
In shooting after shooting, friends and families have seen the warning signs that the shooter may commit an act of violence. I’ve introduced a bill that would help states that want to create a legal avenue for families to obtain gun violence prevention orders. #StudentsStandUp
The assault weapons ban was effective. When the ban was in place, the number of gun massacres fell by 37 percent. The number of people dying from gun massacres fell by 43 percent. Republicans blocked an extension of the ban. We're fighting to reinstate it. #StudentsStandUp
Aurora	Sandy Hook	San Bernardino	Las Vegas	Sutherland Springs	Parkland	 	One common thread that runs through mass shootings is the use of an AR-15 military-style assault weapon. It's time to get these weapons of war off our streets. #StudentsStandUp
An AR-15 is capable of killing large numbers of people in a matter of minutes. Why are gun dealers allowed to sell these deadly weapons to individuals who are 18 when they can only sell handguns to individuals over 21? It makes NO SENSE. #GunReformNow
Allowing gun dealers to sell AR-15s to teenagers when they’re not allowed to sell them handguns is a dangerous policy that makes no sense. Gun dealers should NOT be able to sell these types of weapons to anyone under 21! #GunReformNow
Gun dealers are ALREADY barred from selling handguns to anyone younger than 21. It makes NO SENSE to allow them to sell AR-15s to someone 18, 19 or 20! #GunReformNow
RT @SenSchumer: Rather than just draft memos, @realDonaldTrump should call on Congress to pass @SenFeinstein’s bill to ban bump stocks. On…
Proud to cosponsor a Senate resolution to recognize the significance of #BlackHistoryMonth and honor the contributions of African Americans to the history and culture of our country. https://t.co/4SYpZQxjxJ
If the president really wants to ban bump stocks, he will support our bill. If ATF tries to ban these devices after admitting that it lacks the authority to do so, that process could be tied up in court for years. Legislation is the ONLY answer. #BanBumpStocks
Happy #PresidentsDay! Today we honor the leaders who put the country ahead of themselves to ensure our nation and its people could thrive.
Families have little recourse if they want to ensure their loved ones don't get their hands on guns that they could use to kill themselves or others. Our bill would help states establish a court process to allow families to obtain gun violence restraining orders. #GunReformNow
A generation of students has grown up with active shooter drills as the norm. They are saying "enough" and I couldn't be more proud. Together we will fight to strengthen our gun safety laws. #GunReformNow
The St. Valentine's Day massacre in 1929 led to a ban on machine guns, but bump stocks allow semi-automatic weapons to fire like machine guns. We need to ban these devices. #GunReformNow https://t.co/tXEuCrWiPH
California’s beaches are renowned around the world. Let’s keep it that way. Tell the Trump administration that we refuse to go back: https://t.co/dTx64XGdHH #offshoredrilling
When the assault weapons ban was in place, the number of gun massacres fell by 37% and the number of people dying from gun massacres fell by 43%. The ban was effective. It's time to bring it back. https://t.co/AFsFBmq3FD #GunReformNow
An assault weapons ban was in place for 10 years. Republicans allowed it to expire and we’ve been fighting to get it reinstated ever since. Military-style weapons are slaughtering our children and it’s got to stop. #GunReformNow
Important @NYTimes editorial. We can defeat the gun lobby. The killing can be stopped.  #GunReformNow https://t.co/EvD30DAA1z
The 1969 Santa Barbara oil spill dumped 3 million gallons of crude onto California’s beaches. Tell the Trump administration that we refuse to go back: https://t.co/dTx64XGdHH #offshoredrilling
I plan to introduce a bill to require ALL firearms purchases from gun dealers be restricted to individuals who are at least 21 years old. If you can’t buy a handgun or a bottle of beer, you shouldn’t be able to buy an AR-15.
Gun violence researchers have found that after the assault weapons ban expired, there was a 183% INCREASE in gun massacres and a 239% INCREASE in gun massacre deaths. https://t.co/AFsFBmq3FD #GunReformNow
President Trump’s lack of leadership is becoming an issue of national security. He needs to stop denying that Russia interfered in the 2016 election and mobilize a robust federal response. https://t.co/IuiCWhsWil
新年快乐! #HappyLunarNewYear! As the Year of the Rooster comes to a close, I wish everyone a wonderful, happy and prosperous Year of the Dog!
Everyone should read the stories of the 17 victims of the Parkland shooting. We all need to understand the devastation caused by gun violence. https://t.co/EiQxO7CMxF
A big part of the Senate's responsibility to “advise and consent” on judicial nominees is the blue-slip tradition. It gives senators the opportunity to have a say on nominees from their states. It's worked for 100 years, but Republicans are getting rid of it. #CourtsMatter
Fact-Check: No Democratic chair of the Judiciary Committee has EVER held a hearing for a judicial nominee over the objection of a Republican senator. #CourtsMatter
Today Republicans on the Judiciary Committee did away with a 100-year-old Senate tradition to push through President Trump's controversial judicial nominees. It’s a HUGE mistake for the committee to cede senators' power on judges to the president. #CourtsMatter
Republicans have blocked every solution for Dreamers. I'm beyond heartbroken, I’m disgusted. If we don’t act, these young immigrants will face the threat of deportation. My message to Dreamers is to not give up hope. We’re going to keep working. #ProtectDreamers
Senate Republicans expressing grief and sorrow is not adequate when they’re OK doing nothing to stop sales of weapons of war to virtually all comers. #GunReformNow https://t.co/6UZU00x94w
It's simply not true to say there's no difference between handguns and assault weapons. A trauma surgeon says an AR-15 makes a body "look like a grenade went off in there." #GunReformNow https://t.co/bUJevysZs6
How many school shootings do we need in a year before ANY action is taken by Congress? We can’t let this continue. #GunReformNow https://t.co/Fbz3RqR1BV
I feel a kind of anger today. The custom is don’t speak about it, just express grief the day after. Well, I’m tired of just doing that. We become culpable when we do nothing to stop it. #GunReformNow https://t.co/pfjg1xORyd
Another mass shooting. Reportedly another AR-15. My bill to ban assault weapons is ready for a vote. How long will we accept weapons of war being used to slaughter our children?
I met with San Bernardino Sheriff John McMahon today for an update on law enforcement issues in the Inland Empire. https://t.co/FnA1LfWQFE
Another senseless tragedy at an American school. My heart is with the victims and their families. When will we wake up? When will we take action to prevent these shootings from occurring? These tragedies are the new normal, and that should make all of us sick.
900 #Dreamers sirven en el ejercito, listos para arriesgar sus vidas en servicio de los Estados Unidos. ¿Que puede ser mas Americano que eso? #ProtectDreamers
900 #Dreamers serve in the military, ready to risk their lives to serve the United States. What could be more American than that? #ProtectDreamers
California is home to more Dreamers than any other state. They are working. They are excelling in school. They are giving back to their communities. They don’t deserve to live in fear. #ProtectDreamers
Esta semana podemos estabilizar la vida de miles de jovenes que estan matriculados en nuestras universidades, mejorando sus vidas y contribuyendo a nuestra sociedad. Lo único que los detiene es inacción en el Congreso. Llama a tu congresista. Juntos podemos #ProtectDreamers.
This week we can stabilize the lives of thousands of young people who are working hard, enrolled in universities and contributing to their communities. The only thing that stands in their way is Congress. Call your representatives, together we can #ProtectDreamers.
78% of Americans support giving #Dreamers legal status – including 73% of Trump voters. Protecting #Dreamers is a win-win for America. Tell Congress why we need a #DreamActNow: https://t.co/KnHlAVrXpp
Marcela came to this country at age 12. She was valedictorian of her high school, graduated early from UC San Diego and is currently attending UCLA medical school. In her spare time she volunteers at clinics and health fairs. #ProtectDreamers
Colbie Holderness wrote a powerful piece on domestic violence. Everyone should read it. She talks about the strength she needed to survive an abusive relationship and share her story. https://t.co/OqV2OyStmQ
To #ProtectDreamers we need a narrow bill free of poison pills and significant changes to our legal immigration system.
President Trump created a crisis by cancelling the DACA program. Republicans must not demand draconian changes to our legal immigration system in exchange for fixing that crisis. #ProtectDreamers
Ending DACA would remove an estimated 685,000 workers from the nation’s economy. #Dreamers are bright members of our communities across California and throughout the country. Tell us your Dreamers story: https://t.co/KnHlAVrXpp
The Dream Act passed the House in 2010, but Senate Republicans blocked it. The Dream Act was in the Senate-passed immigration bill in 2013, but House Republicans refused to consider it. We must #ProtectDreamers this week!
.@SenDurbin first introduced the Dream Act in 2001. We’ve been working to #ProtectDreamers for nearly 20 years and need to come together to get this done.
Denisse knew there are many other immigrant youth who want to serve their communities as health care professionals so she founded an organization called Pre-Health Dreamers to help other young immigrants achieve their goal of going to medical school. #ProtectDreamers https://t.co/IwzdDbyZcI
Denisse came to the United States as a 10-month-old baby. She graduated with honors from @UCBerkeley and is now a medical student at @IcahnMountSinai. When Denisse graduates, she wants to work in communities without enough doctors. #ProtectDreamers
Congratulations to California's own @ChloeKimSnow on winning Olympic gold! The Kim family's story reminds us all that the contribution of immigrant families helps make America great.
Roughly 250,000 #Dreamers call California their home. Stand with me and tell Congress why we need a #DREAMActNow: https://t.co/KnHlAVJygX
The Senate will start debating immigration legislation THIS WEEK! We need to protect #Dreamers, and we need all hands on deck. If you’re a Dreamer or know one, share your story here. I may use it on the Senate floor. https://t.co/KnHlAVrXpp
To give Dreamers a path to citizenship we need a narrow Senate bill with NO poison pills or anti-immigrant policies. Dreamers should not be used as a bargaining chip for Republicans’ immigration wish list. #ProtectDreamers
40% of servers live in poverty and 80% of servers are women. The Trump administration’s attempt to steal their tips is an attack on women workers, plain and simple. Learn more: https://t.co/yDh4csa6t3 #ProtectOurTips
Servers depend on tips for more than HALF their income. That's because the tipped minimum wage is just $2.13 per hour. Now the Trump administration wants to steal their tips and is trying to hide the effects. Outrageous! Our letter: https://t.co/qrVIINSFMX
If the president really believes the Nunes memo vindicates him, as he has said, what is he hiding by blocking the Schiff memo? Any minor redactions should be made as quickly as possible and the memo should be released. (3/3)
I have reviewed the classified documents that underpin both memos. I know the Nunes memo is misleading, and I know Congressman Schiff was seeking to provide a factual counterpoint. (2/3)
One week after he released the misleading and incomplete Nunes memo, President Trump tonight blocked the release of the Schiff memo that sought to fill in the holes. This is hypocrisy at its worst. (1/3)
In the United States, only 11 substances are banned or restricted from personal care products. More than 1,500 chemicals are banned or restricted in Europe, and more than 800 are banned or restricted in Canada. Learn more in @JAMA_Current: https://t.co/PqAG7mOA03 #SafeProducts
There is increasing evidence that daily, long-term exposure to certain chemicals is linked to a range of health concerns, including cancer. That's why we need to pass the Personal Care Products Safety Act. Our op-ed in @JAMA_Current: https://t.co/PqAG7mOA03 #SafeProducts
It’s clear the criminal referral against Christopher Steele has nothing to do with accountability and instead seeks to undermine Steele, the FBI and Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. Read an analysis here: https://t.co/6CQDxnTitx
This isn't a new fight for California, and it's not a fight we're going to lose. We don't want risky offshore oil drilling along our coast. #ProtectThePacific https://t.co/SyNVN43zqE
Like so many young Californians, Nick Castle wanted to make the world a better place. Our bill will ensure all Peace Corps volunteers receive the best medical care possible while serving our country and after they return home. https://t.co/5CzgQtSzYO
You can also leave a comment for President Trump on the link below. California has been fighting offshore oil drilling for nearly 50 years. We’re NOT going to relent now. https://t.co/dTx64XXP6h
The meeting is from 3-7 pm at the Tsakopoulos Library Galleria on I Street in Sacramento. If you can attend, I encourage you to go and tell them California doesn’t want offshore oil drilling. #NoDrillNoSpill
The Trump administration is holding California’s one and only public meeting on the president’s offshore oil drilling plan in Sacramento today, hundreds of miles from the coast. That's ridiculous! #ProtectThePacific
The quest for gold has begun! Best of luck to all of our @TeamUSA athletes, including the 22 Californians on the roster! #WinterOlympics #BestOfUS https://t.co/mkIZ6BbUM0
Santa Barbara was the site of one of the worst oil spills in U.S. history. President Trump now wants to allow oil drilling along our entire coast. We can’t let that happen. #NoDrillNoSpill https://t.co/SyNVN3LY24
Electric vehicles are key to cutting our emissions. The United States must continue to invest in this rapidly growing industry. https://t.co/3MEXtHRg80
On National Girls and Women in Sports Day, we can be proud of the anti-abuse bill we passed, a big step to protect girls and young women who participate in sports. My op-ed for @InStyle https://t.co/7EHMKAcOSx #NGWSD
Leader Nancy Pelosi has held the House floor for 7 hours to advocate for a path to citizenship for Dreamers. Nancy knows how important it is to get this done because California is home to more Dreamers than any other state. Go Nancy!  #GoNancyGo
Ensuring the safety of the personal care products we use every day is an urgent public health issue. Read our @JAMA_Current op-ed on the need to pass the Personal Care Products Safety Act: https://t.co/btuiSGKD3P
Tell President Trump that California won't back down. We don't want offshore oil drilling threatening our coast. #ProtectThePacific https://t.co/dTx64XXP6h
California understands the risks of offshore oil drilling all too well. We'll fight to protect our coasts from the Trump administration's dangerous drilling proposal. #ProtectThePacific https://t.co/SyNVN43zqE
RT @humanrights1st: President Trump seems to think that MS-13 gang members can exploit "loopholes" in the asylum system in order to come in…
California has led the country in creating a state program to guarantee paid family leave. It’s time for a national solution to a problem that will affect ALL Americans in their lifetimes. #FMLA25
Q: What do the United States, Papua New Guinea and Swaziland have in common? A: They don’t guarantee paid family leave. We MUST do better. #FMLA25
The United States and Russia have both met New START Treaty requirements that limit each countries’ stockpiles to 1,550 nuclear weapons. Great op-ed by Secretary @JohnKerry on how the treaty has reduced the threat of these dangerous weapons. https://t.co/LVBtyvcKh7
Millions of Americans are struggling to care for children and aging parents. We need to ensure they have the ability to take time off without fear of financial ruin or job loss. #FMLA25
Too many Americans don’t benefit from Family and Medical Leave Act protections because they can’t afford to take time off. The FAMILY Act would change that, and we need to pass it. #FMLA25
No American should lose a job because they’re sick or need to care for a new baby or sick family member. #FMLA25
1.3 BILLION chicken wings will be eaten this year at Super Bowl Sunday parties. They’re delicious, but they’re also one of the leading causes of food poisoning. So make sure you cook those wings properly!! https://t.co/EqQvVcUFSd
Karen Reyes is a Dreamer and a teacher. She works with toddlers who are deaf. She doesn't deserve to live in fear. https://t.co/xjhUVdROy2 #DreamActNow
4 months ago today marked the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history, with 59 people slaughtered. We’re still pushing our bill to ban bump stocks, which allowed a semi-automatic weapon to fire like a machine gun. It’s time for Republicans to get on board.
President Trump’s Nuclear Posture Review is deeply troubling and is a dangerous departure from past reviews. It lowers the threshold for using nuclear weapons, a particularly frightening proposition given this president’s support for a nuclear arms race. https://t.co/nlMdQwzrIn
This is clearly an overtly political attempt to impugn the Steele dossier and discredit the FBI and our intelligence agencies. Read my full statement: https://t.co/0TcuFFHPlu
The manner in which the Nunes memo was put together and released should cause everyone to question what is being presented as fact.
I've repeatedly called on Israel to stop demolishing Palestinian homes and communities. Doing so jeopardizes the two-state solution and a peace agreement. https://t.co/ciJLZh4I3Z
It's heartbreaking to hear that the Supreme Court of Israel approved the demolition of seven buildings in the Palestinian village of Susiya, destroying the homes of 42 people, half of whom are children or ill.
California has a plan to balance renewable energy and conservation in the Mojave Desert—but the Trump administration wants to scrap it. We don’t need to pit clean energy against conservation; we can have both. https://t.co/cRtejjrVwJ
LAST DAY: Open enrollment for quality health coverage through @CoveredCA ends TODAY! Make sure to check out your options and #GetCovered.
In the aftermath of the wildfires in Northern California and mudslides in Southern California, it has become clear we must do more to warn individuals of imminent natural disasters and other dangers. @FCC must continue to improve wireless emergency alerts. https://t.co/zykxCIBCWQ
The FBI says it has “grave concerns” about releasing the Nunes memo. The president should listen and block its release. There’s no excuse for playing politics with highly classified information. https://t.co/9OWATajNVH
Read my comments on the president’s State of the Union address. https://t.co/ggrokrg0xC
By refusing to impose sanctions passed by Congress, President Trump is placing Russian interests over the rule of law. https://t.co/vvG5bzETxo
We came together today because we won’t tolerate sexual abuse in amateur athletic organizations. I was thrilled to be joined by colleagues and athletes this morning for the final push to get our abuse prevention bill done. #TimesUp https://t.co/ORtlqOKLHY
Our bill to end sexual abuse in amateur athletics has made it through Congress—now the president needs to sign it into law immediately. Protecting young athletes is a must. Join our cause and sign the petition. #TimesUp https://t.co/Cg1Ae455i3
Open enrollment ends TOMORROW! Visit @CoveredCA to explore options and sign up for quality health coverage. #GetCovered
BREAKING: The Senate just sent our bill to prevent the sexual abuse of young athletes to the president's desk! The days of turning a blind eye to abuse are over. Thank you to all of the brave women who came forward. YOU made this possible. #MeToo #TimesUp
For the first time in 30 years the Senate has confirmed a judge without having received sign-off from both home-state senators. Terrible! The Senate needs to protect its “advise and consent” role. Otherwise, it will become nothing more than a rubber stamp. #CourtsMatter
WATCH LIVE: We’re advocating for a bill that strengthens the protection of young athletes in amateur athletic organizations like USA Gymnastics. Thrilled to be joined by Jeanette Antolin, @Dmoceanu and my congressional colleagues. https://t.co/XmhST3z5vy
BREAKING: By a vote of 406-3, the House just passed our bill to protect young athletes from abuse. Passage of our bill wouldn’t have been possible without the courage of women who came forward to share their deeply painful experiences. Today is their day. #TimesUp
This Republican-led Congress should stop wasting time with bills that are out of date, out of touch and unconstitutional. We can’t turn the clock back on women’s reproductive health. https://t.co/HFAWUW6CUf
Senate Republicans are bringing up a bill today to undermine a woman’s constitutional right to make decisions about her own body. Awful legislation. #NoAbortionBan
My heart goes out to the victims of the #KabulAttack and their families. More than 100 innocent lives were lost and more than 200 injured in this senseless act of terror.
On International Holocaust Remembrance Day we turn our attention to a dark era of world history. #WeRemember the millions of Jewish lives lost and recommit ourselves to the pledge of “Never Again.”
USA Gymnastics put money and medals over athlete safety at every turn. It's a welcome step that the entire board of USA Gymnastics is resigning.
I noted in June that President Trump does not have the authority to fire Bob Mueller. I also said that firing Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein in order to replace Mueller would be a blatant move to subvert the law. Nothing has changed between then and now.
We put the United States on track to cut car emissions in half by 2025, saving Americans billions at the pump. Read my @SFChronicle op-ed on why the Trump administration shouldn’t undermine that progress. https://t.co/i4bl7Y7NjD
I greatly admire @CecileRichards and her steadfast commitment to protecting women's access to health care in the face of relentless attacks. She is one of the strongest women I know! Thank you Cecile. #IStandWithPP
The take or leave it proposal put out by the White House will not make our country safer and will only serve to encourage illegal immigration because families will not be able to lawfully reunite.
President Trump and Republicans will not be allowed to use Dreamers as a bargaining chip for their wish list of anti-immigrant policies. It's time to enact the Dream Act, which has bipartisan support. #DreamActNow
The Trump administration is holding only ONE public meeting in California for their disastrous offshore drilling plan, hundreds of miles from many of the communities that would be affected. Read our letter telling them to come listen to all of our coastal communities: https://t.co/6zwSGWwfdz
The time to pass our bill to protect athletes is now. Time and again, I’ve seen how the failure of Congress to act when an issue is at the forefront of the national conversation means that Congress never acts at all. We will not allow that to happen here.
Our bipartisan Senate bill to protect athletes was passed unanimously. It's supported by 270 organizations and athletes, including a number who survived Larry Nassar’s abuse. It had a hearing. We negotiated language. It was fine-tuned for months. The House needs to pass it NOW!
Earlier this month, we called on the administration to reject this request. A question on citizenship would undermine the census, leading to broad inaccuracies across the board, from how congressional districts are drawn to how government funds are distributed. https://t.co/K6zmsW3sBA
The Justice Department’s request is incredibly alarming given the Trump administration's rhetoric and actions toward immigrants and minority groups. https://t.co/EG3jyhRrCJ
Democratic chairs of the Judiciary Committee have NEVER, EVER held a hearing for a judicial nominee over the objection of a Republican senator.  A Republican chair has now held two hearings over the objection of Democratic senators in ONE YEAR. #CourtsMatter
Just one year into the Trump administration, Chairman Grassley has held a second hearing for a judicial nominee over the objection of a home-state senator, @SenatorBaldwin. I object to this decision in the strongest possible terms.
Our bill to protect athletes by requiring mandatory reporting of abuse and holding organizations like USA Gymnastics accountable has passed the Senate. Now the House of Representatives needs to pass it immediately so it can be signed into law. https://t.co/1rb5B4pskp
I’m so proud of all the women who came forward to share their painful stories. We must make sure amateur athletic organizations are prioritizing safety instead of money and medals. https://t.co/lX626JrbX8
I'm thrilled to hear that @SenDuckworth is expecting her second child. Her ability to meet the demands of work and family is inspiring. As a country, we need to do more to help all mothers do the same.
We stand with the Rohingya. Our bipartisan resolution calls on the governments of Burma and Bangladesh to ensure their safe return to home.	https://t.co/PLwRFox5IL
President Trump’s attack on the solar industry will hurt American workers and drives up prices for consumers. California can’t let this administration hobble our progress toward a clean energy future. https://t.co/sGlTREZt3F
As the sentencing phase of Larry Nassar's trial continues, Mattie Larson today called on @SpeakerRyan to pass our bill to require mandatory reporting of abuse allegations. Get the bill on the floor @GOPLeader! https://t.co/5UUpfRQj1r
RT @CaltransD5: Great news: #Hwy101 is now OPEN thru #Montecito @SBCounty! Thanks to our crews &amp; contractors who made it happen. Off-ramps…
Terrifying to think that this morning’s 7.9 quake could have happened in San Francisco or Los Angeles. Another reminder that we need to swiftly implement an earthquake early-warning system. We have the technology, we should be using it. https://t.co/lm3OWx3jFj
RT @NWSLosAngeles: The Tsunami Watch for the California coast has been cancelled. #cawx
A woman’s right to control her own body allows her to control her future. We must never take that right for granted. We must always fight for it. #7in10forRoe
In the first year of the Trump administration, we’ve seen attempts to defund Planned Parenthood and restrict access to birth control; the creation of new government offices to undermine women’s health care; and judges who oppose women’s privacy rights. We must FIGHT! #RiseUp4Roe
As we mark the 45th anniversary of Roe v. Wade, a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions is under relentless attack from President Trump and Republicans in Congress. We must ALL recommit ourselves to protecting women's rights. #RiseUp4Roe
National governing bodies like USA Gymnastics must be held accountable for their failures – child safety should never take a backseat to money and medals. https://t.co/DCHggU2yqh
The House of Representatives must act immediately and pass our bill to strengthen protections for young athletes in athletic organizations, like USA Gymnastics. This is a no-brainer. Read more: https://t.co/1rb5B4pskp
Inspiring courage shown by Emma and the rest of the victims who testified today. Their stories are powerful and show the need for real reform. We can’t let abuse like this happen in amateur athletics ever again. https://t.co/jDofHcfUXR
I’ll never stop working to protect #Dreamers. I’ll continue to fight for a legislative solution NOW. We need to act. It’s the right thing to do. #DreamActNow
This isn’t a new issue. We’ve debated the #DreamAct for 17 years, and for 17 years we’ve been blocked from voting. These are young people that exemplify the best and brightest of America, yet Congress continues to let them down.
California is home to 1 in 3 DACA recipients. 220,000 young immigrants are living in fear! I voted NO on the funding bill because the Dream Act was not attached. #DreamActNow
On the anniversary of the #WomensMarch, let’s continue to make sure our voices are heard everywhere. If we’ve learned one thing in the past year, it’s that we must keep up the pressure. https://t.co/utO7dUyEmA
In awe of the courage of Aly and the women who testified this week. The House needs to pass our bill to protect young athletes so this widespread abuse never happens again. https://t.co/39JSFqF1bU
I won’t vote for a CR without the Dream Act. We need to get the Dream Act passed, negotiate a multi-year budget agreement and fund the government through September, and we need to do so now.
Diverting resources in an effort to punish California and score political points is an abhorrent abuse of power, not to mention a terrible misuse of scarce resources. My letter w/ @SenKamalaHarris on potential immigration raids: https://t.co/nfiMHDV9yT
Another instance of the Trump administration allowing unqualified people to hold important positions. A 24-year-old with no relevant work experience shouldn’t hold a key drug policy position while this country is in the midst of an opioid crisis. https://t.co/gE0N35oOvg
Republicans will stop at nothing to undermine the Medicaid program. Expanding Medicaid to cover working adults without health insurance has NOT contributed to the opioid epidemic. https://t.co/pUtcqXchxt
Our amendment would preserve Section 702’s core mission of collecting intelligence on foreign individuals abroad while ensuring constitutional protections for Americans. https://t.co/Rtbb448qvL
Dr. Nassar's victims must know that we stand with them. Our bill to prevent abuse of young athletes has passed the Senate and we’re pushing to get it passed by the House as soon as possible. https://t.co/WLyR646Lko
On #MLKDay, we celebrate both Martin Luther King and Coretta Scott King. Although one cannot say enough about her lifelong commitment to the cause of racial and economic equality, it is important to also note that Coretta was a visionary for women’s rights on her own merit. https://t.co/QTUjZamC0r
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once told us "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." So on this #MLKDay, let us not be afraid to speak out against intolerance, speak out against harassment and speak out against injustice. https://t.co/5lGBaHt3fe
We all need to stop pretending that there are no consequences when the most powerful person in the world espouses racist views and gives a wink and a nod to the darkest elements in our society.
If you're in Los Angeles on Monday, stop by the 33rd Annual Kingdom Day Parade. Our very own @SenKamalaHarris will be this year's grand marshal. The Kingdom Day Parade is always a terrific event! https://t.co/jfxHoSD2zX
If you're looking for some great #MLKDay events in the Bay Area, be sure to visit https://t.co/oRL3Ny9Xy6
If the president can’t control himself and lead this country with the authority, dignity and leadership it requires, then he shouldn’t be the president. There’s no room for racism in the Oval Office.
The Trump administration already backed down in Florida after the state opposed new leases. Californians also want the health of our coastal communities and local economies protected. We won’t relent. https://t.co/MRdfmWyO38
California must stand united in our fight against offshore oil drilling. I'm calling on every county in the state to pass a resolution disapproving of the Trump administration's plan for new drilling leases off our coast. https://t.co/jW03m3V5zE
The president's reported comments about our allies in Latin America and Africa are disgusting. They diminish America's standing in the world and should be denounced by every member of Congress.
I've introduced legislation to provide those with temporary status from countries including Haiti and El Salvador a path to citizenship. Congress should stand up for American values and pass it! #SaveTPS
It was 16 years ago today that detainees arrived at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. This prison has cost taxpayers more than $5 billion, and the propaganda value for terrorists has been even greater. It’s time to close this prison once and for all. https://t.co/TRMvQfJ1Xu
Californians are dealing with some of the most devastating natural disasters in our state’s history. @SenKamalaHarris and I are pushing @FCC to act on its plan to establish wireless emergency alerts. We have the technology. #EverySecondCounts https://t.co/7xRy32hNXL
Child sex trafficking is a scourge that is plaguing our country. We have legislation in the Senate to protect sex trafficking victims—it’s a no-brainer for Congress to act on it. #StopSexTrafficking #SESTA
More than 15,000 DACA recipients have already lost their protection from deportation. More lives and futures hang in the balance unless Congress acts immediately. Let’s do what is right and pass the #DreamActNow.
RT if you stand by #Dreamers. Congress should end the games and pass the #DreamActNow!
#Dreamers are our neighbors, friends and classmates. They’re aspiring to be doctors, scientists and community leaders. Why wouldn’t we want them in our country’s future? Their success is America’s success. #DreamActNow
If the president violates the nuclear agreement, he would give Iran the ability to resume its nuclear weapons program and undermine the protesters he claims to support. The president would be foolish to create a nuclear crisis in the Middle East. https://t.co/NsciS3z6zo
The Trump administration is supporting Ohio's law to purge voters from the rolls. The Justice Department should NOT be working to advance widespread disenfranchisement. This move should outrage every American. #ProtectMyVote
Today the Supreme Court hears oral argument in a critical voting rights case. Ohio’s restrictive law would allow the state—with little or no notice—to begin the process of purging voters who missed voting in just ONE election. That's wrong. #ProtectMyVote
Blocking the Trump plan to expand offshore oil drilling is a top priority of mine in 2018. We don’t want to be one mistake away from environmental catastrophe. The dangers are too great!
My heart is with the Californians affected by the devastating mudslides in Southern California. Please heed evacuation orders and pay close attention to instructions from emergency personnel. https://t.co/rHCHQI7L5C
I want to welcome @SenKamalaHarris and @SenBooker to the Judiciary Committee. The committee has jurisdiction over many critical issues facing our country, from immigration to criminal justice to voting rights, and they couldn’t be better suited to tackle them.
122 Dreamers are losing their protection from deportation every day. We need to act now! That’s why I pushed the president to support a clean bill. #DreamActNow https://t.co/KGGwExMdOP
The American people deserve the opportunity to see the transcript of the Judiciary Committee’s interview with Fusion GPS founder Glenn Simpson. Read it for yourself: https://t.co/yEaJLHpGdG
Expanding offshore oil drilling is another short-sighted, terrible idea from the Trump administration. The risks are far too high, the environmental damage would be irreversible and we don’t need the oil. Let’s make sure this never happens!
Seven years ago six Americans were killed and my friend Gabby Giffords’ life changed forever. She works tirelessly to stop the violence in our communities. Please join us in the fight for commonsense gun safety laws. https://t.co/XUWLdARfTa
Community health centers are vital for so many patients in California and throughout the country. Republicans have zero justification for letting this crucial funding expire. It’s awful! https://t.co/ax4T4L1jfV
The decision to end temporary protect status has an acute effect on California, where more than 55,000 Salvadoran TPS recipients live. Threatening deportation would tear California families apart. We need to pass my bill to keep families together. #SaveTPS
.@SenatorCardin, @ChrisVanHollen and I have introduced legislation to provide permanent protection from deportation to individuals with TPS. Congress must move it! #SaveTPS https://t.co/Ugd43I9spx
American children need Congress to act and #ExtendCHIP. We have a duty to protect the most vulnerable in society—letting #CHIP funding lapse and leaving millions of children in limbo is inexcusable. https://t.co/u1xcB6nBzI
SANTA BARBARA COUNTY: The upcoming rain storm may bring dangerous flooding and mudslides to the community. Conditions are especially dangerous in the aftermath of the Thomas Fire. Pay attention to evacuation orders and information from emergency personnel. https://t.co/FJarSStzB6
Offshore oil drilling was the culprit in the greatest oil spill in California history—1969 off the coast of Santa Barbara. Do we really want to put our coasts at risk again? I vow to do all I can to block Trump’s oil drilling plan. https://t.co/Mz4lTlTSgB
Must-read @latimesopinion piece: Birth control is essential health care and bosses shouldn’t be able to deny their workers coverage for basic health care. https://t.co/Qql4iojVTq
Point Conception and Santa Barbara County are home to some of the most pristine land in the world. I’m thrilled the hear about the effort to keep 25,000 acres unblemished for education and research. @Nature_Org https://t.co/Z49U1XvlF5
California has been fighting to protect our coast from offshore oil drilling for nearly 50 years. We will NOT relent! https://t.co/JbLMp9q7aM
The Affordable Care Act does more than just provide health coverage—it contributes to improved financial stability for American families. Payday loans decreased by 11% per month in California associated with the expansion of Medicaid. #ACAWorks https://t.co/YMSAi8FiNL
Thursday’s East Bay earthquake underscored the urgent need for full implementation of an early-warning system. We must be prepared for a major quake. We have the technology, let’s take advantage of it. https://t.co/lXV3zqJPfn
The longer Congress waits to act on #DACA, the more #Dreamers lose protection and are at risk of deportation. These are young people who have the potential of making big contributions to their communities and the U.S. economy. We must act NOW. #DreamActNow https://t.co/75VpV3b5BV
My office is in communication with Mr. Mora's attorney to see how we can be helpful. https://t.co/yyx9zjYObQ
Trump administration’s reckless “drill, baby, drill” approach threatens our oceans and coasts while doing nothing to increase energy independence. CA doesn’t want or need risky new offshore oil rigs. I’ll do all I can to oppose offshore drilling expansion. https://t.co/2M0IYITRNM
We must instead turn our attention to voting rights, which are under attack nationwide. Protecting the rights of all Americans to vote by enacting a new Voting Rights Act must be a top priority this Congress.
The demise of the so-called Election Integrity Commission is long overdue. There’s never been a shred of evidence to back up the president’s outrageous claims of widespread voter fraud. This commission was a waste of taxpayer dollars. My statement: https://t.co/M3cqOkVSMO
Funding for the federal government expires on January 19. We must pair the Dream Act with a bill to fund the government. Every day we fail to act 122 #Dreamers lose their protection from deportation. Let’s get it done! #DreamActNow
The way the federal government budgets for preventing and fighting wildfires is outdated and ineffective. In the aftermath of California’s most devastating and expensive fire season, Congress can and MUST act on meaningful wildfire budget reform. https://t.co/AfxBo1yQyx
Former Homeland Security secretaries are calling on Congress to pass legislation for #Dreamers. Count me in. Let’s pass the #DreamActNow. https://t.co/384f5pmviA
I’m looking forward to working with Alabama’s newest senator, Doug Jones. He’s shown an unwavering commitment to justice for all. Welcome Doug!
Welcome and congratulations to Senator Tina Smith, the 22nd woman senator! The drumbeat for equality continues, and I’m proud of the progress we’ve made and continue to build on.
Asbestos, which causes cancer, was found in cosmetics marketed to children and teens. The FDA has no authority to recall these contaminated products. The urgent need to pass our Personal Care Products Safety Act is clear. https://t.co/cGQFpwZ2ci
The Senate returns to Washington tomorrow and we have a LOT to do. Top priorities: pass the Dream Act, ensure long-term funding for children’s health insurance, secure funding for wildfire relief and protect funds for community health centers.
A new study suggests increasingly severe wildfires will forever alter California. The only way we can limit this trend is by battling climate change and sustaining healthy forests. We must take action now. Our future depends on it. https://t.co/0OaWcG2m58
.@NYTOpinion published a powerful series of editorials on the connection between domestic abuse and gun violence. We should be able to come together to make it harder for abusers to get weapons. https://t.co/RkXaQBy39o
122 Dreamers lose their protection from deportation EVERY DAY. Passing the #DreamAct MUST be a top priority when Congress returns next week. These young people should not live in fear.
9 MILLION children are covered by the Children's Health Insurance Program. Long-term funding stability MUST be one of our top priorities when Congress returns. Parents should not have to worry that their children could lose their health care.
Positive train control can prevent deadly accidents similar to the recent derailment. This live-saving technology must be deployed as quickly as possible to prevent another tragedy. https://t.co/KVGbM5nsJo
Important op-ed explaining Tom Farr’s hostility toward protecting voting rights. I oppose Farr's nomination to the Eastern District of North Carolina. https://t.co/t6S7U6gHQR #CourtsMatter
Families like the Sanchez family are being torn apart by the Trump administration’s cruel enforcement policies. Important @SFChronicle reporting shows that deportation takes a terrible toll: https://t.co/TUfOzkGuo6
By refusing to hold a vote on the #DreamAct, Republicans are telling Dreamers they’re just not important enough. I simply can’t accept that! https://t.co/7chrC6i5Hk
Merry Christmas to everyone celebrating here in California and around the world. May this holiday season bring blessings to you and your loved ones.
President Trump and the majority of Republicans claim they support Dreamers. So why did they skip town without voting on the #DreamAct? https://t.co/7chrC6zH5U
Banking fraud affects us all. Our bill gives state attorneys general the tools necessary to hold banks accountable, protect consumers and preserve the integrity of our financial system.	https://t.co/XXjsK4oO75
I voted NO on the stopgap funding bill because it failed to meet many of our nation’s priorities—including protecting Dreamers. To allow these young people to continue to suffer is tragic. https://t.co/Pwq26USZ1s
A tax break for millionaires? You bet. No wonder the president was smiling after signing the #GOPTaxPlan. https://t.co/NJIFKrdc6g
Railroads have one year left to install lifesaving PTC technology on their tracks. In the wake of this week’s train derailment, the Transportation Department must make sure the industry is ready to meet the 2018 deadline. 	https://t.co/bysF3l7bwt
In response to #CitizensUnited, Senate Democrats are fighting to ensure corporations can’t hide political spending from shareholders. https://t.co/7s9viIIYMy
The Justice Department said it can’t regulate bump stocks, refuting the @NRA’s tactic to stall action. Republicans have run out of excuses. Congress must act now to keep these deadly weapons out of our communities. https://t.co/fIxge62z4T
It’s been three months since Republicans let community health center funding expire. While wasting time cutting taxes for the rich, they’ve put access to health care for the 25 million people who rely on these health centers at risk.
If the president and Republicans truly cared about Dreamers, they’d help us pass the Dream Act bill right now!
President Trump has said that DACA recipients have nothing to worry about. Well, I’ve met with them, I’ve listened to them and they ARE worried. They’re worried that without the Dream Act, their families could be ripped apart at any moment.
Two days after wasting $1 trillion on tax cuts for the rich, Republicans now claim we have no money for children’s health insurance. I can’t imagine anything more heartless than ignoring our most vulnerable while giving more money to millionaires and billionaires.
After wasting a year trying to repeal Obamacare and cut taxes for the rich, Republicans left no time to govern. One day before a potential government shutdown, they passed yet another short-term funding bill that ignores our nation’s priorities.
While Republican’s are rushing home for the holidays, thousands of Dreamers are left wondering if this will be their last Christmas in the only country they’ve called home. That breaks my heart.
I hope that Republicans will finally realize this isn’t the right way to govern. You’re not representing the country when you govern one month at a time and rush through poorly-written bills that only benefit certain special interests.
Republicans came up with a government funding bill at the very last minute that ignores many of our highest-priority needs, including passing the Dream Act and coming up with a long-term solution for children’s health insurance.
Sería una tragedia dejar que estos jóvenes sufran aun mas sin tener la certeza de poder quedarse en nuestro país.
Los Dreamers han compartido sus historias conmigo y me duele el corazón que se encuentren en esta situación.
No existe un plan realista para aprobar el Dream Act, y por eso es mi intención votar en contra de la resolución para financiar el gobierno.
.@SenKamalaHarris and I today called on President Trump to declare the Southern California wildfires a major disaster and make federal assistance available to wildfire victims. https://t.co/nw4HEZIqJD
It's unconscionable that Republicans are leaving the Dream Act and long-term children's health insurance funding out of their last-minute spending bill. I can’t vote for a CR without those items. https://t.co/Pwq26USZ1s
We have legislation requiring this type of abuse of young athletes to be reported immediately. It’s time for the House to take up and pass the bipartisan Senate bill.  https://t.co/27bfRFxBYs
It’s troubling to hear about the lengths USA Gymnastics went to cover up sexual abuse. Absolutely heinous actions that must never be repeated. https://t.co/9h84g2xw3R
UPDATE: House Republicans are voting on the #GOPTaxPlan again today because of mistakes. This is what happens when you rush to pass a bad bill!
Senate Republicans just gave corporations and the richest Americans an early Christmas present at the expense of middle-class families. #GOPTaxPlan https://t.co/qQySvidtlc
To review, the #GOPTaxPlan:	 	     • Unfairly harms Californians by limiting state and local deductions.	     • Raises taxes on millions of middle-class families.	     • Balloons the federal deficit.	 	The Senate will vote on this bill in a matter hours. It's a disaster.
BREAKING: The House just passed the disastrous #GOPTaxPlan. I’ll be voting NO on the bill when it comes to the Senate and I call on my colleagues to do the same. This bill is NOT tax reform. It’s tax cuts for the rich and so-called “trickle-down economics” that DOES NOT work.
The @MercNews editorial board calls out the misleading job-creation promises in the #GOPTaxPlan. We must stop Republicans from rushing this terrible bill into law. https://t.co/kyInDE4cAv
The #GOPTaxBill unfairly punishes Californians by limiting the state and local tax deduction. I’m calling on my colleagues to vote against a bill that raises taxes on middle-class families in order to pay for tax cuts for the rich. https://t.co/93d5S1Pgbj
The Santa Rosa Press Democrat editorial board is spot on. If the #GOPTaxPlan was a good bill, Republican leaders wouldn’t try to jam it through before Christmas. Where were the congressional hearings? @NorthBayNews https://t.co/d7wFQC6ZVV
The San Diego Union-Tribune called the #GOPTaxPlan a “huge gamble.” This bill is based on assumptions that may never see the light of day. We can’t base our tax system on hope. We need to defeat this bill. https://t.co/WEigO6zVRt
The @SacBeeEditBoard calls the #GOPTaxPlan a “monstrosity.” I couldn’t agree more. The bill raises taxes on many Californians and grows the federal deficit. I call on my Republican colleagues to reject this bill and start over. https://t.co/Dd5onaWB8A
This is one of the most heartless provisions in the #GOPTaxPlan. Victims of wildfires and other disasters will have a tougher time getting their lives back on track in order to help pay for tax cuts for the rich. So disappointing. https://t.co/r5rPUW5Yo9
Unless Republicans allow a vote on the Dream Act, tens of thousands of #Dreamers will lose their immigration status. These are young people who are making big contributions to America. We can’t turn our backs on the future of our country. #DreamActNow
Cory Iverson lost his life protecting his fellow Californians. He is a hero and will be remembered as such. Thank you to the first responders fighting wildfires throughout California and across the West. We are forever indebted to your service. https://t.co/z3C3tQGrha
San Francisco is the kind of city where a mayor has to be hands on. It's understanding what's going on, balancing budgets, responding to constituents, solving problems and knowing this city in every street and district. Ed Lee was that kind of mayor and he did an exemplary job.
The #ThomasFire is now the third-largest fire in California history. My thoughts are with the courageous firefighters battling the flames and all of the families who have been affected. Follow @CALFIRE_PIO for updates.   https://t.co/DZEl5Iahcz
RT @CAL_FIRE: #ThomasFire - A community meeting will be hosted at San Marcos High School in Santa Barbara this afternoon at 4:00 PM to prov…
The Republican tax bill will increase health care premiums in the individual market by 10 percent each year. Individuals who make just above the limit for financial help—around $48,000 per year—will be hit hardest. #GOPTaxScam
The Republican tax bill caps the mortgage interest deduction at $750,000 for new mortgages. In California, seven counties have average home prices that are more than $750,000: Alameda, Marin, Orange, San Francisco, San Mateo, Santa Clara and Santa Cruz counties. #GOPTaxScam
The Republican tax bill caps the deduction for state and local taxes at $10,000. In 2015, more than 6 MILLION California households claimed the SALT deduction with an average deduction of $18,400. BOTTOM LINE: California families pay MORE so corporations pay LESS. #GOPTaxScam
It’s the height of hypocrisy for Republicans to vote for a tax cut that would add at least $1 trillion to the deficit after spending eight years railing against the national debt. #GOPTaxScam
I’m surprised anyone can call this a tax reform bill with a straight face. This is nothing more than a huge tax cut for big corporations and the rich, paid for by the middle class. https://t.co/vRMKOEhURm
Matthew Petersen, another one of President Trump’s nominees for a lifetime trial court judgeship, doesn’t know the first thing about trials.  It’s disturbing. https://t.co/0j1gj6S9vj #CourtsMatter
RT @NWSBayArea: Important Update - Fire Weather Watch Upgraded to Red Flag Warning 🚩valid from 10 PM Friday through 10 AM Sunday.  Full det…
Get Covered in California! The deadline for quality @CoveredCA health care is December 22 for plans that begin on January 1. Enroll today! Explore plans here:  https://t.co/mWu8aFaru4
I’m heartbroken to hear that a firefighter has died battling the #ThomasFire. We’re all indebted to the first responders who keep us safe every day. Make sure to thank a firefighter today. https://t.co/9hILT3T8AM
DISASTER UNEMPLOYMENT ASSISTANCE: For those seeking unemployment assistance in the aftermath of the October wildfires in Northern California—the deadline to apply is December 18. This deadline does not apply to the #LAFires. More info from @CA_EDD: https://t.co/YQJRWoeERc
RT @CAL_FIRE: #RedFlagWarnings in effect across Southern CA extending up into the central part of the state due to low humidity and gusty w…
RT @CAL_FIRE: #ThomasFire - A Community Meeting will be hosted at Fillmore Middle School in Fillmore this evening at 7:30 PM to provide the…
Make no mistake, California’s members of Congress who vote for this monstrosity of a bill are voting against their own constituents. #GOPTaxPlan https://t.co/Dd5onaWB8A
#NetNeutrality is the latest decision by the Trump administration in an effort to systematically repeal and destroy EVERYTHING we achieved over the last eight years. I’m concerned about any policy that could harm consumer access to the internet.
RIGHT NOW: Republicans are secretly writing a bill behind closed doors that will raise taxes on millions of middle-class families. We’ll only get to see it just days before the vote. #GOPTaxPlan https://t.co/6rK2Mo4EWM
I ask myself over and over how Congress could take no action after 20 beautiful children were shot to death at #SandyHook. All of us should be outraged. I’ll never stop fighting for smart gun laws. I hope one day we'll succeed. #HonorWithAction https://t.co/ZWhoF9gPhj
Today I renew my call for Congress to pass our bills to ban bump-fire stocks, which allow semi-automatic weapons to fire like machine guns, and improve our background check system. #HonorWithAction
Five years after the #SandyHook shooting, Congress has done nothing to protect our communities. We must honor the memory of those 20 children and six educators by taking action, not with words. #HonorWithAction
Today is the fifth anniversary of the mass shooting at #SandyHook Elementary School. Twenty children and six educators were slaughtered. I keep a copy of this @NYDailyNews cover in my office because these children are why we fight for commonsense gun safety laws. #HonorWithAction https://t.co/i705szxVuo
VENTURA COUNTY: Local assistance centers are NOW OPEN for those affected by the devastating #ThomasFire. Officials are standing by and ready to help. More info: https://t.co/Y9dYpoMWjg
Brett Talley is a profoundly unqualified judicial nominee. He hasn’t tried a single case in a courtroom. He failed to submit 15,000+ of his online posts. He should NEVER have been nominated and he certainly shouldn’t be vetting future nominees. https://t.co/satb8Cub6q
Three cheers for Deputy AG Rosenstein for making clear (again) that he will say NO to the president if ordered to fire Special Counsel Mueller without cause.
I heard Deputy AG Rosenstein’s testimony today. He sees no reason to fire Special Counsel Mueller and says he was the “ideal choice for this task.”  I agree.
Climate change is wreaking havoc on the Arctic—why would we put more habitat in jeopardy and accelerate global warming? #ProtectTheArctic https://t.co/0X1zHtYgWM
There's an awful provision in the #GOPTaxPlan that would allow drilling in the pristine Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
RT @CAL_FIRE: #ThomasFire [update] Hwy 150 and Hwy 126, north of Santa Paula (Ventura County) is now 237,500 acres and 25% contained. Unifi…
GOOD NEWS: Our earthquake preparedness bill just unanimously passed out of its Senate committee. Now it’s on to the full Senate. We must be prepared for the next catastrophic earthquake and this bill gives our communities the tools they need to be ready. https://t.co/sFbT6SwHrl
Every Senate Republican voted last night to confirm Steven Grasz to a lifetime judgeship despite the fact that he was voted unanimously “NOT QUALIFIED” due to concerns that he could not be impartial. Biased judges on our courts should alarm every American. #CourtsMatter
Happy Hanukkah to those celebrating the Festival of Lights in California and around the world! I hope you enjoy the holiday surrounded by family and friends.
I asked Brett Talley last month about his failure to disclose potential conflicts of interest and online commentary. He never responded to my letter. https://t.co/1fH6yXNwiS #CourtsMatter
The #GOPTaxPlan undercuts America’s electric vehicle and renewable energy transformation. It would be senseless for Republicans to disrupt these new industries that are a key part of growing our economy and fighting climate change.
Thanks @JimmyKimmel, you’re absolutely right. Children’s health care is NOT negotiable. Congress needs to reauthorize CHIP funding immediately. It’s a no brainer! #FundCHIPNow https://t.co/bI5Ih1UIh8
RT @countyofsb: This map shows the progression of the #ThomasFire through last night. The fire grew yesterday by 7,671 acres. https://t.co/…
RT @ReadyLA: Local Assistance Center for #CreekFire #RyeFire and #SkirballFire opens today at Lake View Terrace Rec Center! We'll be here 1…
RT @CaltransDist7: #ThomasFire @CountyVentura highway closure update. There are additional closures along State Route 192 from Carpinteria…
RT @CAL_FIRE: #ThomasFire [update] Hwy 150 and Hwy 126, north of Santa Paula (Ventura County) is now 234,200 acres and 20% contained. Unifi…
Another disgusting tweet from Thin-Skinned Donald Trump. This man has a problem, plain and simple. He lashes out at women and doesn’t seem to be able to control his impulses. For the good of the nation, he should delete his account. https://t.co/0aoBA1ze8i
Our courts have a critical role in upholding women’s constitutional and civil rights, from health care to workplace discrimination. We must speak out against judges who are #BadforWomen. #CourtsMatter
Steven Grasz defended state efforts to deny Medicaid coverage of abortion to women who are raped, which is required by federal law. #BadForWomen #CourtsMatter
Don Willett said he “resisted” the idea that glass ceilings, pay equity, sexual discrimination and harassment were serious problems for women.  #BadforWomen #CourtsMatter
Kyle Duncan defended a law that would have made abortion nearly impossible to access in Texas. The Supreme Court disagreed and overturned the law. He’s #BadForWomen #CourtsMatter
Stephen Schwartz has been nominated to serve on a court he’s not licensed to practice before—but what he HAS done is argue against women’s access to contraception and reproductive healthcare. #BadforWomen #CourtsMatter
Brett Talley, rated unanimously “not qualified” by the American Bar Association, has called Roe v. Wade “indefensible.” #BadForWomen @ABAesq
John Bush, confirmed to the Sixth Circuit, said that Roe v. Wade was one of the two greatest tragedies in our country’s history. #BadForWomen #CourtsMatter
Many of President Trump’s judicial nominees have demonstrated a clear hostility toward women’s rights. If you care about women’s rights, you need to care about who sits on our federal courts. #BadForWomen #CourtsMatter
The passing of Mayor Ed Lee is a very sad day for San Francisco and all of us who knew him. My heart and thoughts are with Ed’s family and friends and the city I love.
RT @JudiciaryDems: WATCH LIVE: Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on how we can ensure law enforcement has the tools it needs to prevent pr…
Since 1989, only TWO of 1,755 nominees reviewed by the American Bar Association have been rated unanimously “not qualified” because they wouldn’t be objective. One is Steven Grasz, and Senate Republicans want to jam him through the Senate THIS WEEK. #CourtsMatter
LOS ANGELES COUNTY: As wildfires continue to grow and threaten the area, evacuation orders and the latest information from emergency personnel can be found here: https://t.co/hOSATv09fa #LAFires
SANTA BARBARA COUNTY: The #ThomasFire continues to grow. Familiarize yourself with the latest evacuation orders and please heed insturctions from first responders. https://t.co/GqzYbRunKA #LAFires
VENTURA COUNTY: For the latest evacuation and safety information, call the emergency hotline at 805-465-6650. Assistance is available for those affected by the wildfires, including shelter locations. #LAFires https://t.co/JZIHr0WtqJ
Senate Republicans are poised to confirm a judicial nominee rated unanimously “not qualified.” This hasn’t happened in nearly 30 years! The bar has never been lower for judges confirmed to lifetime positions. #CourtsMatter
.@Cal_Fire has up-to-the-minute information on the wildfires burning in Southern California. Make sure to stay informed and please pay attention to local emergency personnel. https://t.co/4CHELHv0rX
My office can be of assistance if you have been affected by wildfires in California. We’re ready to help at 415-393-0707. #LAFires
Even as fires burn in California, Republicans are working to take money away from wildfire victims so the rich can have a tax cut. #GOPTaxPlan https://t.co/XPahIGVMKU
The rush to pass the #GOPTaxPlan is making a bad bill even worse. Tell your representative to vote NO on jamming a bill through that raises taxes on half of American families. https://t.co/LpkMcGbkM1
I received tens of thousands of calls, emails and letters last week from those who support #NetNeutrality. I’m impressed by the passion and enthusiasm. Make sure to read our letter to @AjitPaiFCC and keep letting @FCC know how you feel about the issue! https://t.co/Ds11O8gW1B
RT @NWSLosAngeles: SMOKE IMPACTS again today from #ThomasFire for #SantaBarbaraCounty and sections of southwest #Ventura &amp; western #SanLuis…
RT @Cal_OES: #ThomasFire now approximately 7.5 times the size of San Francisco. Cracking top 5 all time in state history. Check out the lat…
IMPORTANT: If you were affected by last month’s wildfires, today is the LAST DAY to register for federal assistance from @FEMA. You can find more information here: https://t.co/1MnIzIlkgI
.@SecShulkin, I’m glad to hear you share the same commitment to homeless veterans that Californians do. We must preserve access to housing vouchers and do all we can do to take care of those who sacrificed so much to keep the country free. https://t.co/uARCZYcrXn
President Trump created a crisis by ending the #DACA program to please his political base. Republicans must work with Democrats to solve that crisis. #DREAMActNow
Many Republicans say there’s no urgency to passing the Dream Act. That's wrong! #DACA recipients are losing their protection from deportation every day. #DREAMActNow
The average Dreamer came to the United States at just 6 years old. This country is the only home they’ve ever known. #DREAMActNow
220,000 Californians are living in fear of deportation. We must pass the Dream Act by the end of the year. #DREAMActNow
MAIL DISRUPTIONS: Due to the #LAFires, residents in East Ventura and Oak View may pick up their mail at the post offices below. For the latest information on postal service disruptions, refer to @USPS: https://t.co/UMiGmt6fO3 https://t.co/FBEjnDB2es
The #GOPTaxPlan is windfall for corporations disguised as tax reform. It’s not tax reform! We can do much better than this bill. Help us defeat it! https://t.co/7AH1PnC17U
Republicans are STILL dead set on repealing the Affordable Care Act. We can't let them do that. Keep the phone calls to Republican representatives coming! #GOPTaxPlan https://t.co/2IEbLiqrCS
Real middle-class tax reform should provide tax relief for ALL middle-class families, not raise taxes on many middle-Americans to fund tax cuts for the rich. #GOPTaxPlan https://t.co/Qih9kmRcNF
This movement to root out harassment and assault started with Anita Hill. We owe her a debt of gratitude. Our culture is finally catching up. Thank you, Anita, for your courage. https://t.co/A0T1dhSoGX
SANTA BARBARA COUNTY: Be aware that #LAFires are now affecting parts of Santa Barbara and the surrounding area. Evacuations are underway. Pay attention to ALL instructions from emergency officials. Stay up to date with up-to-the-minute alerts: https://t.co/jsnymMm1zV #ThomasFire
Real tax reform would lift up middle-class families, not give tax cuts to people and corporations who don’t need it. #GOPTaxPlan https://t.co/vSs4j4yn7p
RT @CaltransHQ: You can also get closure information from our free QuickMap app, available in Google Play and the App Store. https://t.co/W…
Rural communities in California and across the country depend on the contributions made by #Dreamers. 91% of DACA recipients in rural areas are employed and contributing to their local economies. #DreamActNow
#BeFirefighterReady when it comes to prepping for wildfire. https://t.co/wWgXtSmkQZ
Covered California enrollment is up 28% from last year! Need health care coverage? Join the many Californians who are getting quality coverage from @CoveredCA. https://t.co/kVHcKRfXY5
RT @CAL_FIRE: For affected residents looking for fire information, use the numbers listed below for each fire. We are able to answer questi…
December 7, 1941, defined a generation of heroes, a day our nation will remember forever. Today is National #PearlHarbor Remembrance Day.
VENTURA COUNTY: Please visit https://t.co/zXcYVIVRho or call 805-465-6650 for up-to-the-minute information on evacuations and shelter locations. Californians always stay strong in times of peril—preparation is key. #ThomasFire
LOS ANGELES COUNTY ROAD CLOSURES: Wildfires causing many closures. Check on the latest information. https://t.co/lSAwq8HoqS
VENTURA COUNTY ROAD CLOSURES: It’s imperative to plan ahead. https://t.co/B0CatnRjVr
#ThomasFire now up to 96,000 acres with strong Santa Ana winds causing the flames to behave erratically. Please heed ALL instructions from emergency personnel. Conditions are changing by the minute, so staying up to date is vital.
RT @CAL_FIRE: #ThomasFire [update] Hwy 150 and Hwy 126, north of Santa Paula (Ventura County) is now 96,000 acres and 5% contained. Unified…
RT @CAL_FIRE: #ThomasFire [update] Hwy 150 and Hwy 126, north of Santa Paula (Ventura County) is now 90,000 acres and 5% contained. Unified…
RT @CAL_FIRE: #CreekFire [update] off Kagel Canyon Rd., north of Lake View Terrace (Los Angeles County) per @LACoFDPIO is now 12,605 acres…
140 years ago today the @WashingtonPost printed its first issue. Its reporting has been critical to holding people in positions of power accountable. Happy birthday!
Keep calling California Republicans. Tell them to vote NO on the #GOPTaxPlan that raises taxes on the middle class and takes money away from these vital programs.
Unbelievable! Speaker Ryan isn’t hiding the fact that Republicans want to give billions in tax cuts to the rich while taking money from Medicare and Social Security. We have to stop this awful bill! #GOPTaxPlan https://t.co/T31R61H1s0
In 1995, we passed a bill to recognize Jerusalem as the Israeli capital IN THE CONTEXT of the Oslo peace process. Today, there are ZERO direct negotiations. By taking these actions now, there’s real potential to further inflame the Middle East.
The president’s decision to unilaterally recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital rejects decades of bipartisan policy and undermines our standing with Palestinians and regional partners. https://t.co/5yU2jS0SEZ
We can’t let the Trump administration tear down what took us decades to build. Read our letter calling on EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt to maintain increased fuel economy standards that save drivers money at the pump and reduce our dependency on fossil fuels. https://t.co/0O3z1I7T0o
The House Republican bill to expand the ability to carry concealed weapons would effectively allow states with the weakest gun laws to supersede states with the strongest gun laws, including California.
Before they take even a single step to reduce gun violence, House Republicans are pushing the NRA’s top priority. We won’t stop fighting these dangerous policies. #StopCCR
It’s disgusting that House Republicans have decided to advance a bill to expand the ability to carry concealed weapons in the wake of two of the deadliest shootings in U.S. history. #StopCCR
Thank you to all of the advocates who came out to show their support for our bill to #BanBumpStocks: @BradyBuzz, @MomsDemand, @GiffordsCourage, @NewtownAction, @AmProg, @CSGV and @NTFSDV.
It’s clear the American people don’t look lightly on these kinds of actions, no matter who they’re committed by, and the number of complaints against Senator Franken is a concern. I think resignation is the right thing for him to do.
RT @CAL_FIRE: #SantaAnaWinds will continue to elevate fire danger in Southern CA with expectant winds reaching 80 mph on Thursday. Any new…
RT @CAL_FIRE: #ThomasFire [update] Hwy 150 and Hwy 126, north of Santa Paula (Ventura County) is now 65,000 acres. Unified Command: CAL FIR…
#ThomasFire is now at 65,000 acres and shows no sign of slowing down. Please pay attention to instructions from first responders and emergency personnel. Thank you to all the firefighters working hard to keep Californians safe!
In his prepared testimony, the acting ATF director said that the agency DOES NOT have direct authority to regulate or ban bump stocks. Congress MUST act to ban these dangerous devices. #BanBumpStocks
We’re taking a hard look at gun safety measures including bump stocks and background checks at today’s Senate Judiciary Committee hearing. Watch my remarks: https://t.co/QjlTsBMC7d
RT @JudiciaryDems: WATCH NOW: Senate Judiciary Committee is holding an important hearing on gun safety, looking at bump stocks and improvin…
I voted against Kristjen Nielsen as DHS Secretary because I believe she would continue to prioritize deporting immigrant families rather than criminals. We also don’t yet have a commitment that the #DREAMAct will be passed by the end of the year.
The fight is NOT over! The final tax bill still has to be passed by the House and Senate. Keep calling your representatives and tell them to vote NO on the #GOPTaxPlan. https://t.co/lVMaKO7hcI
The Senate and House still have to pass the final tax bill. Keep up the pressure on your representatives. Tell them to vote NO because Californians can’t afford the #GOPTaxPlan. https://t.co/lVMaKO7hcI
Important read: Nonpartisan experts conclude that the Republican tax bill will increase the deficit. Instead of changing the bill, Republicans have attacked those nonpartisan experts. Terrible. https://t.co/ukvo61NZ7D #GOPTaxPlan
Santa Ana winds causing the #ThomasFire to behave unpredictably—now at 45,500 acres and growing fast. If you are in Ventura County, pay attention to evacuation orders from emergency services. @CAL_FIRE	https://t.co/I8Glcgekx7
Reports indicate the president will move the U.S. Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. I wrote him last week to explain why that would be a terrible decision. https://t.co/MV1o73nyDk
VENTURA COUNTY: #ThomasFire dangerous and rapidly growing. 31,000 acres burned and 150 structures destroyed. Please heed evacuation warnings and instructions from @Cal_Fire and emergency personnel. Stay safe! https://t.co/q8IBv1WN8K
Los Dreamers son miembros de familia y de nuestras comunidades que merecen permanecer con sus seres queridos en el único país que conocen. Sus futuros dependen en la aprobación del #DreamAct por el Congreso. #Dreamers
#Dreamers are parents, siblings, spouses, and friends who deserve to stay with their loved ones in the only country they call home, the United States. Their livelihoods depend on Congress passing the #DreamAct.
Al rehusarse a traer el #DreamAct a votación, el partido republicano está poniendo a nuestra economía en riesgo. Sin el #DreamAct, nuestra economía perdería $ 460.3 mil millones del PBI nacional durante la próxima década.
By refusing to bring the #DreamAct for a vote, Republicans are putting our economy at risk. Without the #DreamAct, our economy would lose $460.3 billion from the national GDP over the next decade.
ONE WEEK LEFT to register for federal disaster assistance if you were affected by the recent catastrophic wildfires. More info here: https://t.co/B2JucGiufD @FEMA
We’re committed to protecting a free, open internet, and the majority of Americans agree. Reports that the FCC public comment period may have been compromised are deeply concerning. #NetNeutrality https://t.co/jvbelRobrL
The president removed protected status from 2 million acres of national monuments to allow mining, drilling and more. This is an assault on ALL public land and a terrible decision! Continue to make your voices heard. Our national monuments are #MonumentsForAll!
The Myanmar government can deny truth, but the world knows the rampant killing of thousands of Rohingya is ethnic cleansing. https://t.co/BTZDrWD0Zf
Greenland’s glaciers are melting at an alarming rate, driving up sea levels. Greenland alone will be responsible for 16% of the sea level rise along California’s coast. We must #ActOnClimate! https://t.co/odrAZXxFPy
I discussed Michael Flynn and the Judiciary Committee’s investigation into obstruction, and Trump campaign/Russia ties yesterday on @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd. Watch here: https://t.co/RM5ctD8XYX
While Americans were sleeping last night, Senate Republicans passed a massive tax cut for the rich paid for by a tax hike on the middle class. https://t.co/dasUjtIHgo
This FIGHT isn't over! They will now have to reconcile the differences between the House and Senate versions before a final vote.	 	We can still defeat the #GOPTaxPlan. Keep making calls and tell Republicans: Don’t RAISE taxes on the middle class!
BREAKING: Republicans just jammed through their middle-class tax hike! This awful bill was written behind closed doors and introduced only hours ago. Outrageous!
UPDATE: Republicans rejected our motion to adjourn until Monday so senators could read the bill they just introduced.	 	RT If you think senators should have time to read a bill that affects every single American.
RT @SenatorDurbin: Trying to review the #GOPTaxScam but they are making hand-written changes to brand new text as we speak – can anyone els…
UPDATE: Republicans finally released their 500-page tax cut bill—drafted ENTIRELY behind closed doors. We’re probably voting tonight, but NO ONE has read the bill! Unacceptable.
30 years after the first treatment we have therapies that allow people with HIV to live longer and fuller lives. But more work remains. #WorldAidsDay @SF_DPH
LATEST: There's no #GOPTaxBill yet, but we may vote on it in a matter of hours. No Republican senator who has said they're voting 'yes' has even seen the final bill. This is atrocious. https://t.co/mFpnutPtur
BREAKING: Republicans now say they have the votes to pass their dangerous tax bill. The vote could happen later today or tomorrow, but we STILL haven’t seen the secretly-negotiated bill!
(2/2) It’s critical that we determine whether Flynn spoke with the Russians on his own initiative and who knew and approved of his actions. More proof that these investigations must be allowed to continue without interference. https://t.co/LdeV9thjld
(1/2) Michael Flynn’s guilty plea is about more than just lying to the FBI. This shows a Trump associate negotiating with the Russians against U.S. policy and interests before Donald Trump took office and after it was announced that Russia had interfered in our election.
NEW THIS MORNING: Republicans are rewriting their bill in secret. They don’t have the votes, but it’s clear they’re DESPERATE to get SOMETHING, ANYTHING done. We have to keep up the pressure. #GOPTaxPlan
BREAKING: Republicans just canceled tonight’s vote on their tax bill. They still don’t have enough votes to pass this awful bill. 	 	We can’t let up! Keep calling your representatives and tell them to vote NO on the #GOPTaxPlan.
Federal judges should reflect the diversity of our country and the communities they serve. It’s inexcusable that the Trump administration has nominated so few candidates of color. https://t.co/m23FJTCnZ0 #CourtsMatter
LATEST: The Joint Committee on Taxation says there’s NO CHANCE the Republican tax bill could generate enough revenue to cover the $1.4 TRILLION it will add to the deficit. Republicans claimed their tax cuts would pay for themselves through economic growth. That’s NOT TRUE.
To all of the graduate students in California and across the country: I stand with you! You shouldn't be punished for pursuing higher education. https://t.co/fbkMezEBhO
UPDATE: Democrats just offered an amendment to ensure corporations use their tax savings to raise employee wages at the same rate they increase executive pay, stock buybacks and dividends to shareholders. Every single Republican voting, voted NO. #GOPTaxPlan
I’ll be voting AGAINST the #GOPTaxPlan and I urge my colleagues, for the good of hardworking Americans across the country, to vote against it too. This isn’t tax reform, this is a bill that overwhelmingly benefits the rich.
From education to health care to the pocketbook, the #GOPTaxPlan would affect all Americans—and not for the better. We must stop this bill. https://t.co/lJQbFQLS0n
UPDATE: We may vote on the Republican tax bill TONIGHT. We don't have the final bill. We don't have analysis from the Joint Committee on Taxation as to whether or not the bill would boost the economy. We don't have a Treasury Department analysis. This is OUTRAGEOUS!
New @AARP analysis: This #GOPTaxPlan is bad news for older Americans from coast to coast. https://t.co/xyXSXYTIOP
The awful #GOPTaxPlan will hurt commuter benefits and transportation projects. As if your daily commute wasn’t bad enough already. https://t.co/9IAcFfATX4
The #GOPTaxPlan is getting closer and closer to a vote in the Senate. Keep the calls to your representatives coming! This bill is bad for working Americans and a windfall for the rich. Let’s work together to defeat it!
Los Angeles City Controller Ron Galperin details just how bad the #GOPTaxPlan is for LA. Great read: https://t.co/qD2X26TM9L
California has tight restrictions carrying concealed weapons. Under a bill being debated in the House, someone with a concealed-carry permit from Nevada could carry a concealed weapon in California, no questions asked. #StopCCR
ALERT: The House Judiciary Committee today passed a dangerous proposal that would effectively allow states with the weakest gun laws to supersede states like California with the strongest gun laws. #StopCCR
The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center found the #GOPTaxPlan INCREASES taxes on 13 million middle-class households by 2019. https://t.co/YQpcTZehnQ
A 60-year-old in Fresno who makes $50,000 per year currently pays $727 per month.		Under our bill, that person would SAVE $323 per month.		Under the Republican plan, that person would pay $72 MORE per month.
A 60-year-old in Los Angeles who makes $50,000 per year currently pays $548 per month.		Under our bill, that person would SAVE $542 per month.		Under the Republican plan, that person would pay $54 MORE per month.
A 60-year-old in San Diego who makes $50,000 per year currently pays $652 per month.		Under our bill, that person would SAVE $248 per month.		Under the Republican plan, that person would pay $65 MORE per month.
A 60-year-old in Sacramento who makes $50,000 per year currently pays $905 per month.		Under our bill, that person would SAVE $501 per month.		Under the Republican plan, that person would pay $90 MORE per month.
A 60-year-old in San Francisco who makes $50,000 per year currently pays $946 per month. 		Under our bill, that person would SAVE $542 per month.		Under the Republican plan, that person would pay $94 MORE per month.
Democrats want to make health insurance more affordable for middle-class families. In contrast, the current #GOPTaxPlan would make insurance more expensive by sabotaging the individual market. Follow for examples of how middle-class families would be hurt.
I agree with General James Clapper: The president’s tweets could incite anti-Muslim violence. You’re producing more division instead of uniting the country and you’re making a mockery of the presidency.
New analysis forecasts increasingly devastating wildfires. If things don’t change, California could see the worst of the dire effects detailed in this report. We must take action—for the good of future generations. #ActOnClimate https://t.co/mVOwZ2ez8J
112,000 foster children in this country are waiting to join loving families. Let’s work together to ensure they are able to live fulfilling and productive lives in forever homes. November is #NationalAdoptionMonth. https://t.co/28w4HgOd8n
The courts are the last line of defense against President Trump’s policies. That’s why Republicans eliminated the #blueslip, to make it easier to confirm his right-wing nominees. #CourtsMatter
RT @LADAOffice: DA Jackie Lacey, @SenFeinstein, @RepPeteKing, @CityAttorneyLA and other leaders from across the country joined @Prosecutors…
I joined district attorneys from around the country at a press conference to talk about reducing gun violence. I want to send a special thank you to @CityAttorneyLA Mike Feuer, @ManhattanDA Cy Vance and Clark County DA Steve Wolfson. https://t.co/5w3XAQDHGZ
FACT: 5 of the 9 Trump nominees confirmed to date have required a #blueslip from Democratic senators. All have received them. There has been NO obstruction to justify eliminating a 100-year-old Senate tool.
FACT: During the Obama administration, 18 judicial nominees were blocked because they did not receive a #blueslip from both home-state senators.
FACT: During the administrations of Presidents Obama, Bush and Clinton, not ONE judge was confirmed without two blue slips.
FACT: The last time a judge was confirmed without two #blueslips was 1989.
FACT: Fewer than FIVE judges have been confirmed without two #blueslips in 100 years.
FACT: During the Obama administration, Democrats NEVER violated the #blueslip policy, even though Republicans used it to block many nominees.
FACT: In 2015 and 2016, Republicans used the #blueslip to block 9 Obama nominees: 	Rebecca Haywood	Lisabeth Tabor Hughes	Abdul Kallon	Myra Selby	Don Beatty	Mary Barzee Flores	Dax Lopez	Patricia Timmons-Goodson	Anne Traum.
This morning’s Judiciary Committee nominations hearing includes a nominee who has yet to receive sign off from home-state senators. Republicans are misrepresenting the history of the 100-year-old blue-slip policy to justify this move. It’s important to know the facts.
Cadiz wants its friends in the Trump administration to clear any federal hurdles for a disastrous water extraction project in the Mojave Desert. Today’s lawsuit shows that won’t happen without a fight. https://t.co/EDHJHu1DIQ
Teachers who give everything to help their students shouldn’t pay for tax cuts for the rich. #GOPTaxPlan	https://t.co/eOjVKan0MT
It’s been nearly two months since Republicans allowed the Children’s Health Insurance Program to expire. California could lose $2.7 billion to care for children if we don’t act NOW. #ExtendCHIP https://t.co/514hh9aIvl
BREAKING: Senate Budget Committee just voted to advance the awful #GOPTaxPlan that hurts the middle class! However, many Republican senators are still on the fence. Keep up the calls and let’s stop this bad bill!
A better approach for Republicans would be to scrap this bad bill and start working with Democrats on tax reform that helps middle-class families. #GOPTaxPlan https://t.co/p53QyVkL6j
RT if you think the Senate should prioritize health care for children over tax cuts for big corporations and rich Americans. #ExtendCHIP https://t.co/514hh9aIvl
How can we help the economy today? Bring the #DreamAct to the Senate Floor and provide a permanent legislative solution to #ProtectDreamers. https://t.co/I7dUqaWEP5
RT @SenateDems: Every day, more #DREAMers are losing DACA protections &amp; put at risk of deportation. We must #ProtectDREAMers &amp; pass the #DR…
72% of #Dreamers are pursuing a bachelor's degree or higher. These young people are the future of our country and we must protect them. #ProtectDreamers
We should expand the child tax credit for working families instead of giving wealthy families more benefits. Families nationwide are struggling to pay for child care. #GOPTaxPlan #BadDealForWomen
Many women are primary caregivers in our country, and many struggle to care for children and aging parents. Rather than expand access to paid family leave, the #GOPTaxPlan would instead benefit wealthy companies that already offer paid leave. #BadDealForWomen
The president claims he won’t benefit from the #GOPTaxPlan. If that’s true, he can easily prove it by releasing his returns. What’s he hiding? https://t.co/WJ2EErTSo9
Economists say the Senate #GOPTaxPlan will increase our debt. I believe Republicans will use that as an excuse to gut Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. We can’t afford this bill! https://t.co/9QyFPNGbX5
RT @CoveredCA: Thinking about getting health coverage? Learn more about what Covered California can do for you. https://t.co/KXKaY91BCj
Happy 25th birthday to the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary! The @MBNMS is the largest U.S. marine sanctuary, protecting more than 6,000 square miles of ocean along California’s coast. https://t.co/rsNoKTN62W
Ignore the Republican spin—tax cuts for the rich WON’T pay for themselves. #GOPTaxPlan https://t.co/9QyFPNGbX5
Nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says most Americans earning less than $75,000 would be WORSE OFF by 2027 under the Senate #GOPTaxPlan. Meanwhile, the rich get a big tax cut. This is a bad bill! https://t.co/oTks6lwcmu
Under the Senate #GOPTaxPlan, taxes would eventually go up for more than 1/3rd of middle and working class families in California. https://t.co/Z8TwfnCvyw
It’s pretty clear who is a priority in the Senate Republicans tax bill. #GOPTaxPlan
Today is Small Business Saturday, a great chance to support your local business and shops. https://t.co/jRhMXfIPzE
To give corporations a permanent tax cut, the Senate #GOPTaxPlan adds $1.5 trillion to our deficit, raises taxes on the middle class and leaves 13 million people without health insurance. Unbelievable! https://t.co/aBz1TwUGd0
It’s open enrollment season: If you need quality, affordable health insurance, visit https://t.co/aXIlXoF6UJ. Sign up by December 15 for coverage that begins January 1.
The Senate #GOPTaxPlan is simple: Corporations get a huge tax cut, middle-class Americans get a tax increase and millions are left without health insurance. https://t.co/bcsZHsjrcZ
Wishing you and your family a happy and blessed Thanksgiving. https://t.co/CqXXZoFRzE
The #GOPTaxPlan adds $1.5 trillion to our deficit but the real cost could be even more. Americans can’t afford this awful bill! https://t.co/FGE1Jd2dSm
This is absurd! If you make less than $75,000 per year, your taxes could go up under the Senate #GOPTaxPlan. Meanwhile, the rich get a HUGE tax cut. https://t.co/6MzDVlLLb8
Don’t let the Republicans fool you, the #GOPTaxPlan is bad for the middle-class. https://t.co/nnUitXsUnL
Justice for Larry Nassar’s victims can’t come soon enough. I’m heartbroken for these young women, but because of their bravery in coming forward, the Senate passed a bill to help prevent this from happening again. I urge the House to pass this bill ASAP. https://t.co/kFzgEuFxJj
Women make up 53% of DACA recipients. Failure to pass the Dream Act by the year’s end puts their future and the future of their families in jeopardy.	https://t.co/gsMhIVzpQv
It’s been 52 days since funding for community health centers expired. They are the largest source of primary care–serving 27 million Americans. Congress must act now!
I joined Democratic women senators in urging Senator McConnell to bring the Dream Act to the floor as soon as possible.	https://t.co/gsMhIVhOYX
We should support efforts to save elephants, not undermine them.		Today I called on the Trump administration to uphold the ban on African elephant trophy imports. #BeKindToElephants https://t.co/i7POHsCPCR
Curious who will pay to give a permanent tax cut to big corporations?	 	According to the Tax Policy Center: Half of all households would see a tax increase by 2027 under the Senate #GOPTaxPlan.
Last month, I called on the US Trade Representative to address the problem. Environmental concerns along the border must be a priority in the next NAFTA deal. https://t.co/MwAJJ3HK8h
Great op-ed on the need to include Tijuana river pollution as part of the NAFTA renegotiation. https://t.co/lYFX0hN0px
The #KeystoneXL pipeline remains a bad deal for our country. It’s an unnecessary pipeline for a company that just spilled 210,000 gallons of oil in South Dakota. 		I'll continue to oppose it and fight for clean energy alternatives. #NoKXL https://t.co/0LDXpPTypu
The #GOPTaxPlan raises taxes on the middle-class to give big corporations a permanent tax cut. Read this important op-ed:	https://t.co/3VkzY1dEMB
The Senate shouldn't move forward on the nomination of Brett Talley if he fails to answer questions about potential conflicts of interest and online commentary. My letter: https://t.co/J54zZolfWQ
Republicans just eliminated a 100-year-old Senate policy to jam President Trump's right-wing judicial nominees through the Senate as quickly as possible. Our letter to Chairman Grassley: https://t.co/zB3PkFGjT1 #CourtsMatter
To cut taxes for the richest individuals and corporations, the Republican tax bill would increase taxes for graduate students by 300 to 400 percent. These students typically earn $30K per year. Absolutely outrageous! https://t.co/WEVCBUfzHF #GOPTaxScam
Media reports indicate that Tom Farr was not truthful in his response to my question about his involvement in voter suppression efforts. This disturbs me greatly. Nominees must be forthright—these are lifetime appointments we’re talking about. https://t.co/aCnC3gvVVZ
My bill with Senator @ChrisVanHollen and @SenatorCardin would provide a path to citizenship for those with Temporary Protected Status. These individuals have established roots in their communities and it would be cruel and inhumane to separate these families.
In light of Brett Talley’s failure to disclose potential conflicts of interest and online political commentary, I'm demanding answers. My letter: https://t.co/J54zZoCQOo
Read @Refinery29's story about our bill to ensure the safety of personal care products and @BeautycounterHQ's endorsement. https://t.co/rGRT6vluHM #SafeProducts
Democrats want tax reform that helps all Americans get ahead. Instead, the Republican plan leaves the middle class holding the bill. https://t.co/WPDuR2pfMU
Judiciary Committee Democrats denounce the decision to give President Trump even MORE power on judicial nominations by eliminating the 100-year-old #blueslip. Read our letter: https://t.co/zB3PkFXVhB #CourtsMatter
Important @washingtonPost story on the epidemic of sexual abuse in athletics. Our bill, passed by the Senate this week, will help prevent future abuse and shape culture changes. We’re pushing to get it passed by the House of Representatives ASAP! https://t.co/rr7pixGRmn
I agree! California can’t afford the #GOPTaxPlan. https://t.co/G28unUK3VO
Not only is there inadequate funding for Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Texas and Florida hurricane relief, but California wildfire victims were NOT included in the Trump administration’s disaster request. Completely unacceptable. https://t.co/I8fwegYKHY
It’s disgusting the White House is even considering lifting the trophy ban. I’ll fight this or any attempt to weaken protections for endangered elephants. https://t.co/gVJhpeZccy
Join me in telling them: Keep California’s parks open and accessible to all! https://t.co/1MIlEFxbLf
I’ve called on the Trump administration to not raise visitor fees at Yosemite, Joshua Tree, and Sequoia and Kings Canyon national parks. https://t.co/R1lSdbSRlz
The White House’s request for disaster assistance did NOT include aid for California wildfire victims. That’s appalling! 		@SenHarris and I are working to secure wildfire funding before it passes Congress. https://t.co/Kt4fJI8reR
This says it all: "The congressional Joint Committee on Taxation said on Thursday that the latest version of the Senate tax bill would effectively RAISE taxes for lower-income Americans by 2021." https://t.co/neWzlnrHdT #GOPTaxScam
In 2015 and 2016 ALONE, Republicans used the #blueslip to block these nine Obama nominees:		Rebecca Haywood	Lisabeth Tabor Hughes	Abdul Kallon	Myra Selby	Don Beatty	Mary Barzee Flores	Dax Lopez	Patricia Timmons-Goodson 	Anne Traum
The Republican tax cut bill was written to help the rich at the expense of the middle class. That’s the bottom line. https://t.co/aBhxhSmc6n
The lengths to which Republicans are going to jam extremely conservative and controversial nominees through the Senate is unprecedented. What’s happening is diminishing the Judiciary Committee and the Senate and undermining the independence of the federal judiciary. #CourtsMatter
Republicans shouldn’t have one blue slip policy for Democratic presidents and another for Republican presidents. In 2015 and 2016, Chairman Grassley refused to allow NINE Obama nominees to have hearings. #CourtsMatter
House Republicans just passed a bill that adds up to $12.1 billion to Californians’ tax bill each year. Why would California Republicans vote against their own constituents? https://t.co/Qvijvty0bE
Thank you @RahuaBeauty for supporting the Personal Care Products Safety Act! Independent review of ingredients is critical to ensure #SafeProducts.
Our skin is our largest organ, which is why we need to ensure the safety of personal care products. Thank you @SWBasicsofBK for your support of the Personal Care Products Safety Act! #SafeProducts
Thank you @VapourBeauty for endorsing the Personal Care Products Safety Act. Companies know that commonsense rules of the road help businesses succeed. #SafeProducts
@beautycounterhq We all use personal care products each and every day. We deserve to know they are safe. Thank you @OSEAMalibu for your support of the Personal Care Products Safety Act! #SafeProducts
Thank you @BeautyCounterHQ for endorsing the Personal Care Products Safety Act! We continue to build momentum for our bill to ensure #SafeProducts.
Republicans should stand with our police officers and keep their hands off the deduction for state and local taxes. #GOPTaxPlan https://t.co/6lIvGUQbOy
Our background check bill will strengthen the existing system and close loopholes. It’s vital we do all we can to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. Read more about our bill: https://t.co/1gQQVOqwTH
We can find bipartisan agreement on commonsense gun safety proposals. Proud to join Senators @ChrisMurphyCT and @JohnCornyn in introducing a bill to improve the background check system.
BREAKING: We've just introduced bipartisan legislation to improve the gun background check system. Progress is possible!
As we approach the five-year anniversary of the horrifying shooting at Sandy Hook, it’s heartbreaking that we’ve made so little progress in preventing these shootings. Elementary schools like the one in Rancho Tehama Reserve shouldn’t have to prepare for mass shootings.
Is this a country that kicks people off of their health coverage to cut taxes for the top 1 percent? Repealing the Affordable Care Act in a tax-cut bill is outrageous. #GOPTaxScam
More than 15,000 scientists from 184 countries just issued a dire warning on climate change. The science is settled, we must #ActOnClimate before it’s too late. https://t.co/2Gy53GARir
The #GOPTaxPlan raises taxes on millions in the middle class. Repealing the Affordable Care Act would make their health care costs skyrocket too. The middle class can’t afford this awful bill.
I agree with our police officers, ending the deduction for state and local taxes is a bad idea. #GOPTaxPlan could force cuts to funding that first responders rely on to keep our communities safe. https://t.co/qzjUgjepFL
We need a tax plan that encourages companies to hire American workers. Instead, the #GOPTaxPlan would create a huge payday for the rich. https://t.co/3MQh79RUst
The House #GOPTaxPlan would make it even harder to build affordable housing in California. This is a bad bill! https://t.co/m4rotXt8Mc
The #GOPTaxPlan could trigger a $25 billion cut to Medicare. Seniors shouldn’t suffer so the rich can have a tax cut.  https://t.co/HDz10dFQ27
Affordable Care Act sign-ups are up nearly 50% over last year. Americans want quality, affordable health coverage. Senate Republicans are pushing a policy in their tax bill that would raise premiums another 10%. Disgraceful. #GOPTaxPlan
Sound the alarm! Senate Republicans’ tax-cut bill is now an attack on the Affordable Care Act. 13 million people will lose their health coverage if this passes! #GOPTaxPlan
Under Richard Cordray’s leadership, the @CFPB fought to return nearly $12 billion to consumers across America. Richard, I thank you for your service and can’t wait to hear what’s next for you. https://t.co/QZaKyLeD88
If we destroy the #ArcticRefuge, we can’t get that pristine landscape back. #ProtectTheArctic for future generations! https://t.co/NcaVhRaRTP
In the wake of allegations of sexual abuse made against personnel involved with USA Gymnastics, USA Swimming and USA Taekwondo, we introduced legislation to protect young athletes. Today, our bill PASSED! Read more: https://t.co/U0wTEX1bla
Pursuing an education is already too expensive, #GOPTaxPlan could make it unaffordable for many graduate students. https://t.co/nqyLMrsGsJ
I’m disappointed the Senate confirmed Steven Bradbury to the Transportation Department. He provided the feeble foundation upon which the CIA ran its torture program, endangering our troops and betraying our values. He doesn’t belong in government. https://t.co/4zFVXwOUvx
Senate Republicans’ tax bill wipes out the deduction for state and local income, sales and property taxes. The 6 million Californians that claim this important middle-class deduction could see their taxes go up. #GOPTaxPlan
BREAKING: The Senate just passed our bill to prevent sex abuse in amateur athletics. This wouldn’t have been possible without the courage of women who came forward to say ‘ENOUGH is ENOUGH.’ Today is their day.
Senate Republicans’ tax bill would add $1.7 trillion to the deficit. That’s too steep a price tag for a bill that gives the top 1% a tax cut they don’t need! #GOPTaxPlan
Californians could pay up to $12.1 billion more a year in income taxes if the #GOPTaxPlan passes. Why are California Republicans not speaking out against this awful bill? https://t.co/bJFcjPVMD6
Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid recipients shouldn’t be victims of the Republicans’ tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires.
Senate Republican tax bill adds $1.7 trillion to the deficit, creating an excuse for Republicans to make drastic cuts to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid in the future.  #GOPTaxPlan
The #GOPTaxPlan only allows deductions for federally declared natural disasters. But many disasters—including most wildfires—do not receive that designation.
Many victims of natural disasters would no longer be able to write off their losses under the Senate Republicans’ tax bill.
It’s beyond cruel to ask families struggling to pick up the pieces after a natural disaster to foot the bill for tax cuts for the rich! #GOPTaxPlan
Tax reform should prioritize middle-class Americans, not wealthy Republican donors. The Senate Republican bill fails that test! 		Under the Republican plan, more than 21 million middle-class households would see their taxes increase by 2025. #GOPTaxPlan
BREAKING: Senate Republicans now want to gut the Affordable Care Act in their tax bill! Middle-class families will pay more for health coverage while the top 1% get tax cuts. Terrible!
Another heartbreaking shooting, this time in Rancho Tehama, California. When will this stop and how can we stop it?
Regardless of whether there was a Democratic or Republican president, @SenatorLeahy had the same policies for judicial nominees. https://t.co/ut7QvMYKRD
Brett Talley has betrayed his obligation to be open and transparent with the Senate and the American people. He failed to disclose his wife is one of President Trump's lawyers—a potential conflict of interest. https://t.co/J1rhfl0uz9
We must do more every single day, not just on #VeteransDay, to honor the sacrifices made by those who served. Ending homelessness for veterans should be a priority for the VA. https://t.co/jOReOQYOgK
The @SacBee editorial board says that we need to keep the conversation about gun safety at the forefront. https://t.co/EIhx4sbMp1 #BanAssaultWeapons
Senate Republicans have done a head-spinning 180 on the right of senators to sign off on judicial nominees from their states. My op-ed sets the record straight. https://t.co/iV74LYOvlH
It’s past time that the @FEC update rules governing political ads. Americans deserve to know if a foreign government is behind the content they see online. https://t.co/hGXyMQmgTM
Antibiotics save lives, but overuse makes them ineffective. We must do everything we can to cut down on overuse and develop new drugs to combat antibiotic-resistant bacteria strains. #WAAW #AntibioticResistance
The @SFChronicle editorial board says that our bill to #BanAssaultWeapons "needs to come to a roll-call vote so Americans can see which of their elected officials are taking a stand for public safety." https://t.co/SjmvBoJ6c1
Many of President Trump's judicial nominees are FAR outside the mainstream. Important @NYTOpinion op-ed. https://t.co/aitmozZ8FA #CourtsMatter
Our federal courts serve as an independent check on the executive branch. Senate Republicans are trying to transform them as quickly as possible. https://t.co/aMMuAkdjDw #CourtsMatter
Spot-on @PostOpinions editorial: Senate Republicans shouldn’t rush judicial nominees through the Senate. https://t.co/7fM3jihU0Y
A nominee who has never tried a case and been rated unanimously "NOT QUALIFIED" by @ABAesq doesn't belong on a federal court. https://t.co/0HLW5ysIFf #TumpJudges
If you care about women's rights, civil rights or worker's rights, you need to care about our courts. Must-read @NYTOpinion op-ed on #TrumpJudges: https://t.co/aitmoAgK4a
Today we salute the service of the brave men and women who have defended our freedom around the world. Thank you #Veterans. Your sacrifice will never be forgotten. https://t.co/ysoM7brD0W
Happy #VeteransDay to all those who have served our country!
Every employer and employee—including the U.S. Senate—must take sexual harassment seriously. That's why I've introduced legislation with my colleagues to require harassment training. https://t.co/N3cimBsvGg
The Trump administration’s decision to terminate protections for nationals of countries like Nicaragua and Sudan is shortsighted and contradictory to what our nation stands for. Sending them back is wrong. https://t.co/cckRtzDmRv
All Californians should be prepared for the next quake. The federal government should be incentivizing retrofitting, not getting in the way. @SenKamalaHarris and I want to make sure tax breaks are available for life-saving earthquake preparation efforts. https://t.co/0Q2FJF3DkL
#Dreamers, I stand with you. It’s time for Congress to pass the #DREAMAct. Let’s empower young people who are making major contributions to their communities. #DREAMActNow https://t.co/C3tPeL17Ms
RT if you agree that weapons of war that are designed to kill more people, more quickly don’t belong on the streets of America. #BanAssaultWeapons
Learn more about our bill here: https://t.co/5LfmUBHNZM #BanAssaultWeapons
Our bill would ban bump-fire stocks and other accessories that increase a semi-automatic weapons rate of fire to that of a machine gun. #BanAssaultWeapons
Our bill would ban magazines and other ammunition feeding devices that hold more than 10 rounds of ammunition, which allow shooters to quickly fire many rounds without needing to reload. #BanAssaultWeapons
Our bill would ban any assault weapon that accepts a detachable ammunition magazine and has one or more military characteristics: pistol grip, forward grip, barrel shroud, threaded barrel or folding or telescoping stock. #BanAssaultWeapons
Our bill to #BanAssaultWeapons would prohibit the sale, manufacture, transfer and importation of 205 military-style assault weapons by name.
The bottom line is that military-style assault weapons allow gunmen to kill more people, more quickly. These weapons should not be on our streets. #BanAssaultWeapons
November 2017: 26 parishioners praying in Sutherland Springs, Texas, were killed by a gunman with an assault rifle. The dead ranged from 17 months old to 77 years.
October 2017: A gunman opened fire on concertgoers in Las Vegas, turning an evening of music into a killing field. The shooter used multiple assault rifles fitted with bump-fire stocks to kill 58 people. This is the deadliest mass shooting in our history—so far.
June 2016: A gunman entered a nightclub in Orlando with an assault rifle, spraying revelers with gunfire. The shooter fired hundreds of rounds and killed 49 people. Many of the victims were shot in the head at close range.
December 2012: A young man entered an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., armed with an assault weapon. He murdered six educators and 20 first graders. One child was shot in the head after telling his classmates to run.
July 2012: A gunman walked into a darkened movie theater in Aurora, Colo., murdering 12 people and injuring 70. The youngest victim was 6 years old. The gunman had purchased 6,000 rounds of ammunition in the months prior to the shooting.
If we’re going to change our nation's gun laws and get weapons of war off our streets, we need to keep talking about the carnage caused by assault weapons. We need to keep talking about the lives lost. #BanAssaultWeapons
Simplifying the tax code should focus on eliminating loopholes that corporations exploit, not ending vital deductions that middle-class families rely on. https://t.co/2lhNtE0wST
Americans want a tax code that helps those in need, not just the rich. https://t.co/swq76AZo46
Isolating the Cuban people didn’t serve our interests before, and it certainly won’t do so now. Isolation doesn’t work. https://t.co/YIY1XuqjmG
BREAKING NEWS: Non-partisan Congressional Budget Office says Republican tax bill would add more than $1.7 trillion to our debt. We simply can’t afford their tax cut for the rich. #GOPTaxPlan
NORTH BAY RESIDENTS: FEMA grants are available to help families rebuild after last month’s wildfires. Be sure to apply today—the deadline is December 11. https://t.co/xBPdlrB0rj
San Bernardino. Aurora. Newtown. Roseburg. Orlando. Las Vegas. Sutherland Springs. These mass shootings all involved military-style assault weapons. It's past time to remove weapons of war from our streets.
Mayors across California agree: Republican plan to end state and local income tax deductions would hurt the middle class. https://t.co/8zwvKQdQKF
The #GOPTaxPlan isn't reform, it's a middle-class tax hike to give corporations and the rich a tax cut. https://t.co/NZm5W1BrA6 https://t.co/2f1TsGJKvw
New analysis finds that #GOPTaxPlan would lead to nearly half of middle-class families paying MORE taxes in 2026. https://t.co/NZm5W1BrA6
It was my pleasure to meet with Nasser Nawaj’ah from Susiya in the West Bank. Israel should not demolish his village! https://t.co/92O8Pfuyzk
If you need quality, affordable health insurance, visit https://t.co/aXIlXonvw9! Sign up by December 15 for coverage that begins January 1.
The average teacher spends $500 per year on school supplies. Republican plan says they can't deduct even $250 from their tax bill. Terrible!
Why in the world would we make it more expensive for teachers who want to help their students learn to cut taxes for the wealthy?
Teachers spend $1.6 BILLION per year on school supplies. The Republican tax bill ELIMINATES their ability to deduct those expenses.
The Thorsen family relies on the deduction for medical bills to provide adequate care for Alzheimer's disease.  https://t.co/2bMIC8SlHY
Must-read op-ed on how the Republican tax plan could devastate seniors with serious medical conditions. https://t.co/DyXStATiS8
Nearly half of those who deduct medical bills earn less than $50K per year. It’s shameful to raise their costs to cut taxes for the top 1%.
9 million Americans, most of whom are older, deduct medical bills. The Republican tax bill RAISES their medical costs to help the rich.
California faces an affordable housing crisis. Republican tax bill ELIMINATES credits and bonds that financed 22K units of housing in 2016.
This shooting comes 1 month after the deadliest mass shooting, and we’re still trying to get support for basic steps to reduce gun violence.
When will we decide that we can’t accept massacres in our places of worship, schools, or at concerts? When will we actually DO something?
I’m horrified by the news of this latest mass shooting. My thoughts are with all of those in Sutherland Springs. https://t.co/gCTIsAXQX6
Why in the world would we make it harder to pay back student loan debt to give the wealthiest corporations a tax cut?
44 million Americans are paying back $1 TRILLION in student debt. Republican bill increases their costs to cut taxes for top 1%. Terrible.
The average California student graduates with $23,000 in debt. The Republican tax plan makes it MORE expensive to pay student loans back.
The #TrumpTax bill eliminates deductions for state and local income taxes. 5 million Californians could see their income taxed twice.
If you care about civil rights, the rights of women and the ability to protect our environment, you need to care about judges. #CourtsMatter
#TrumpJudges have been handpicked by right-wing, dark-money groups that have litmus tests. That should trouble us all.
Our tax code encourages companies to hire veterans. #TrumpTax plan ends the Work Opportunity Tax Credit, hurts those who served. #HireVets
The effort to remake our federal courts with right-wing judges deserves far more attention. https://t.co/Izrnq0yEnV #CourtsMatter
More than 100,000 American kids are waiting to be adopted. #TrumpTax plan makes it harder for families to adopt, ends adoption tax benefits.
An independent judiciary is the backstop against President Trump’s legally-suspect policies. We must protect it. #CourtsMatter
Trump policies have been challenged in court, so Republicans are trying to stack the courts with right-wing judges. #CourtsMatter
#TrumpTax plan ends mortgage interest deduction on new homes above $500K, making it more expensive to buy a home. CA median price is $553K.
Republicans allowed just 22 judicial nominees to be confirmed the last two years of Obama’s presidency—the fewest since President Truman.
Senate Republicans are pushing President Trump’s controversial judges through as quickly as possible to transform our courts. #CourtsMatter
My bill to expand tax credits to more middle-class families on the individual market would help fix this problem. https://t.co/q0zYE1ZlZv
Rosa Maria should have never been taken into custody, but it's great news that she's been reunited with her parents! #FreeRosa https://t.co/minR6STEBe
Median home price is above $500,000 in 18 Calif. counties. #TrumpTax plan could make new home purchases more expensive in those counties.
#TrumpTax plan lowers the rate for pass-through businesses, like the Trump Organization, from 39.6% to 25%. HUGE conflict of interest!
Government report: U.S. must reduce our carbon emissions.		#TrumpTax plan: Ends tax credit for electric cars.		https://t.co/7EpX0fLlaC
We can’t allow ourselves to become numb to the president calling on independent law enforcement to investigate his political opponents.
President Trump’s calls for investigations into Secretary Hillary Clinton are deeply disturbing and show his contempt for the rule of law.
Emergency alerts can save lives when wildfires strike. @SenKamalaHarris and I are demanding @FCC update the system: https://t.co/XTTcR3NlCV
DOJ is responsible for ensuring constitutional rights of transgender Americans. We’re making sure they know that. https://t.co/4RP0kZZTJj
Working to stop the revolving door between the pharmaceutical industry and DC lobbyists. Vital for community safety. https://t.co/nAOUBCI32I
#TrumpTax bill eliminates the key state and local income tax deduction, which was claimed by 5 million working California families in 2015.
#TrumpTax bill caps the mortgage interest deduction and puts in place a huge barrier to homeownership.
#TrumpTax bill increases deficit, slashes key deductions/credits for working families in order to give big companies and the rich a tax cut.
It’s unbelievable the lengths Republicans will go to give the rich a tax cut. Their bill is a non-starter for me. https://t.co/BDujDNANk6
The @Dodgers left it all out on the field. I’m proud of #ThisTeam and look forward to watching them next year. #Respect
The pay gap is largest for #Latina women, who earn just 54 cents for each $1 earned by white men. We MUST do better. #LatinaEqualPay
California was scorched by record-setting wildfires. Additional recovery funding must be made available to help communities rebuild. https://t.co/pcNT17OMSG
Western wildfires may have faded from the news cycle, but recovery efforts continue. Read our letter to the president: https://t.co/O4Ib2DOeyR
Looking for quality, affordable health insurance? #GetCovered today through @CoveredCA: https://t.co/mWu8aFaru4
"After a signal from the NRA, spineless lawmakers have done exactly what the gun lobby wants. Absolutely nothing." https://t.co/Lsk36ww0hL
NRA playbook: Distract and delay until victims no longer dominate the news. Those who care about gun violence need to keep pushing.
Just 1 month after the deadliest mass shooting and companies are resuming sales of bump-fire stocks. Disgusting. https://t.co/QpwlNgkkv4
The Judiciary Committee should hold a hearing on the detention of Rosa Maria Hernandez. My letter: https://t.co/CGpyGuMcFP #FreeRosa
It’s been one month since nearly 60 people were slaughtered at a Las Vegas concert. We’re going to keep pushing to ban bump-fire stocks.
I’m confident #ThisTeam will finish strong tonight! Let’s go @Dodgers! #WorldSeries
After Las Vegas, it was ‘too soon’ to discuss gun safety. Now it’s apparently not ‘too soon’ to paint immigrants with the same broad brush.
It's deeply troubling that the president's response to a terrorist attack appears to be driven by Fox &amp; Friends. https://t.co/yJYvs3lgtF
Great @USAToday opinion piece calling out NRA efforts to block our commonsense bill to ban bump-fire stocks. https://t.co/Lsk36wepqd
Looking for quality health insurance? Open enrollment starts TODAY for health care from @CoveredCA: https://t.co/mWu8aFaru4
It’s a fact, tech platforms were used by foreign actors to influence 2016 election. Changes need to be made so this never happens again. https://t.co/77E7e7PXQt
I can't support sticking California families with the bill for corporate tax breaks. https://t.co/mzZsW0T53o
Eliminating income tax deductions would hurt the middle-class and allow double taxation. Families shouldn't pay for corporate tax cuts.
It’s unbelievable the lengths Republicans will go to give the rich a tax cut. https://t.co/bhy9GNyWuK
Efforts to repeal Affordable Care Act caused confusion. The law has NOT been repealed! RT to spread the word. #GetCovered today! @CoveredCA
I’m following the attack in New York closely. My thanks to the brave first responders on the scene. Heartbreaking.
Tomorrow is a big day, @CoveredCA open enrollment begins! Information on quality health care plans here: https://t.co/SOnKsA4GQG
WATCH NOW: Judiciary Committee looks at how Russia used tech platforms to influence 2016 election. https://t.co/WVMAzco4nf
How we treat a 10-year-old w/ a disability recovering from surgery says a lot about our country. Rosamaria must be reunited w/ her parents.
President Trump claims to focus on deporting criminals. In fact, the border patrol targeted a 10-year-old with cerebral palsy. #FreeRosa
An ambulance carrying a 10-year-old girl to emergency surgery should NEVER be stopped by the border patrol. #FreeRosa
Rosamaria was taken from the hospital by the border patrol. She REMAINS in custody. This is a travesty. #FreeRosa https://t.co/8XjR7ciptR
Miembros del Congreso tenemos el poder, y la obligación moral, de ayudar a los #Dreamers. Ya es hora de aprobar el #DreamAct. #Faith4Dream
Members of Congress have the power and moral obligation to help #Dreamers. It's time we pass the #DreamActNow.
El #DreamAct se trata de nuestros valores como país, uno donde todos, incluyendo los Dreamers, podemos vivir con dignidad. #Faith4Dream
The #DreamAct is about protecting our values as a nation. A nation where everyone, including #Dreamers, can live with dignity.
A federal court has made it clear, Trump’s discriminatory attack on transgender service members will not stand. https://t.co/2aMrnrg8ta
Trump advisor George Papadopoulos’ guilty plea outlines Trump-Russia communications. Read my statement: https://t.co/UvHXNUaoUV
Read my statement on charges against Trump campaign officials: https://t.co/DcAa0p1kxt
Dreamers are nurses &amp; doctors, teachers and business owners. They deserve protection from deportation. #DREAMActNow https://t.co/jKYdBmjv4i
A must-read op-ed by @UofCalifornia President Janet Napolitano on the need to protect #Dreamers. https://t.co/gtY3iNMgtR
The #CHIP program must be reauthorized as soon as possible. 1.3 MILLION children in California depend on it for their care!
Heidi Martinez, a Dreamer from San Diego, works to help U.S. military veterans who've been deported. #DREAMActNow https://t.co/LN7f519Y31
.@PostOpinions supports our bill to ban bump-fire stocks and calls out the NRA for standing in the way. https://t.co/k6ONmUDvyU
Why in the world would we tell medical students that they aren't wanted in America? We must pass the #DREAMActNow. https://t.co/yfpfgRw4en
Efforts to repeal the #ACA and Trump administration sabotage have caused widespread confusion. We must help our loved ones #GetCovered! https://t.co/muNLoypOE9
Climate change and drought play a role in stronger wildfires—higher temperatures lead to hotter, drier conditions. https://t.co/WtnDlrF2LV
It's been nearly 1 MONTH since #CHIP expired. This must be a TOP priority! My letter with @SenKamalaHarris: https://t.co/WMqQot042E
This is an immoral travesty. Rosamaria should be released to her parents IMMEDIATELY. https://t.co/iBUP9Ps6p3
I told Acting Homeland Security Secretary Elaine Duke that the detention of Rosamaria Hernandez is appalling. https://t.co/Oksy5mAB21
We must not resume business as usual after the deadliest mass shooting in history. We’re pushing for policies to reduce gun violence.
The @49ers and Calif. police unions support my bill to ban bump-fire stocks. We can only win this fight TOGETHER! https://t.co/feDX281Hkz
Is America a country that stops an ambulance carrying a 10-year-old girl to emergency surgery? This is outrageous. https://t.co/iBUP9PJHND
The Trump administration needs to include wildfire recovery funding in next disaster package and fix fire borrowing. https://t.co/V4l9IOkMhT
The president has been quiet when it comes to wildfire recovery in California. It’s time for that to change. https://t.co/kXhQEzRZFa
You can’t argue with the facts. The #TrumpTax plan is nothing more than a massive tax cut for the wealthy. https://t.co/tb6C6fjTMe
FACT: A family of four with a $50,000/year income could see their taxes skyrocket under #TrumpTax plan. For me, that’s a non-starter.
What happened to spendthrift Republicans? #TrumpTax plan slashes tax rates for corporations and the wealthy while driving up the deficit.
We need to END “fire borrowing,” forcing the Forest Service to cut fire prevention to fund firefighting. Awful! https://t.co/WtnDlrF2LV
No family should choose homelessness b/c they fear deportation. FEMA should work to ensure families aren't targeted. https://t.co/UUPrHosoUz
Congress should listen to @NatlGovsAssoc and @JerryBrownGov. We MUST reform the way we fund fighting wildfires. We can’t wait any longer. https://t.co/AejUeKTNwe
I'll be joining @Plough_Shares soon to discuss Iran, N Korea and reforming US nuclear weapons policies. Watch live: https://t.co/UZXUFsY7Ib
We can’t sit by while our communities are ravaged by the opioid epidemic. We need action NOW. Our bill: https://t.co/fzDa5HxZwn
Our bill empowers states with $45 billion in long-term funding to address the opioid crisis. Congress should pass it immediately.
We urgently need solutions to battle the opioid crisis in this country. Every day we lose 91 individuals to this terrible scourge.
The Background Check Expansion Act is based on a simple premise: If you can’t pass a background check, you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun.
I’m proud to support the Background Check Expansion Act. Loopholes in current background check system make us less safe. https://t.co/X3tw0mQhHE
If a person can’t pass a background check, they shouldn’t be able to buy a gun. RT if you agree.
#BackgroundChecks on gun purchases are supported by the vast majority of Americans. It should be a no-brainer for Congress. https://t.co/n0kAqn6S35
Help #FundTheFight! Every $ from @USPS Breast Cancer Research Stamp helps us find a cure. #BreastCancerAwareness https://t.co/TK8Yv5goIW
Republicans sided w/ Wall St. over the American people. Consumers wronged by corporations deserve their day in court https://t.co/IFGACTmn0p
When it comes to federal funding, we MUST treat wildfires like other natural disasters. Read our op-ed: https://t.co/WtnDlrF2LV
El 94% de los beneficiarios de DACA están estudiando gracias al programa. El #DreamAct continuaría dándoles esa oportunidad #ProtectDreamers https://t.co/iFOQ85Urz8
#DACA youth are the best and brightest. Their success leads to AMERICAN success. I won’t stop fighting for #Dreamers. https://t.co/OY9f9CKrlV
El 72% de los beneficiarios de DACA están matriculados en la universidad. Estos jóvenes son el futuro de nuestro país. #ProtectDreamers https://t.co/5OWdrXuJ0e
Let’s empower those who have the potential to make big contributions to our communities. #Dreamers #DreamActNow https://t.co/6Mnzg50UT3
HAPPENING NOW: @SenateDems are joining university chancellors and presidents to call for passage of the #DreamAct. https://t.co/igb0a9WHic
LIVE at 10:30am EDT/7:30am PDT: Joining college chancellors to advocate for #Dreamers. https://t.co/igb0a9WHic #DreamActNow @UofCalifornia
Dreamers are nurses &amp; doctors, teachers and business owners. They deserve protection from deportation. #DREAMActNow https://t.co/jKYdBm1UcK
Led by @CityAttorneyLA, 25 members of Prosecutors Against Gun Violence support our bill to ban bump-fire stocks. https://t.co/GZPACA6wRC
The disaster relief package provides a down payment on wildfire recovery efforts—I’ll continue to work to ensure full funding gets done.
The Senate’s aid package will help California rebuild after the most destructive wildfires in state history. https://t.co/DjyM1Jzyu9
Dangerous conditions in Southern Calif. have led officials to declare a Red Flag fire warning. Preparation is key: https://t.co/cKH55rF2ua
72 years ago today the @UN was established. It remains a strong force for peace and international security. #UNDay
Containment of the catastrophic fires in Napa &amp; Sonoma Counties is now well over 90%. We WILL rebuild. California never stays down for long.
BREAKING: The D.C. Circuit rules that Trump officials can’t block an undocumented 17-year-old from access to abortion care. #JusticeforJane
After two years, I still believe Aliso Canyon should be shut down. Public safety must be our primary concern. https://t.co/mC2465IYfS
RT @NWSLosAngeles: Red Flag Warnings through Wed as very hot, dry and windy conditions persist. Extreme fire behavior likely w/ any fire st…
The quest to win the #WorldSeries begins TONIGHT. #ThisTeam is going to make history. Make California proud, @Dodgers!
Thank you Chancellor Gary May for giving #Dreamers the power to flourish at @UCDavis! I really enjoyed our meeting today. #DefendDACA https://t.co/F009lEZxQU
We can help prevent the next big wildfire, but we have to take action now. Status quo is dangerous, unsustainable. https://t.co/WtnDlrF2LV
It's been three weeks since nearly 60 people were slaughtered at a concert. We MUST act. That starts with banning bump-fire stocks.
The @SFChronicle profiles Enrique, a young #Dreamer: “I’m here to help people. I’m here to uplift communities.” https://t.co/msEAzLHNXi
RT @SenSchumer: Why won’t the GOP listen to farmers like Mike from Kansas? WATCH👇🏽 https://t.co/drbrB6WuqT
#DACA recipients are contributing to our country in so many ways. We MUST pass the #DREAMActNow. https://t.co/CWrtIBgzVs
The NRA has a finely-tuned playbook for mass shootings: express openness to change, then work to kill any momentum. https://t.co/ow47ow8SnC
Nicolle's story is like that of so many other Dreamers. We must pass the #DREAMActNow. https://t.co/aURcXgeTXH
The NRA's "openness" to addressing bump stocks was nothing more than a tactic to avoid action. We're not fooled. https://t.co/ow47owqtfa
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: #ICYMI earlier this week @SenFeinstein and I intro’d legislation to block the latest iteration of Trump's Muslim Ban htt…
@thehill Our bill would not ban all firearm accessories. Only devices that mechanically increase the rate of fire would be affected.
@thehill The ATF does NOT have the authority to address bump-fire stocks—and has made this point clear to Congress MULTIPLE times.
The NRA is flat out wrong about our bill to ban bump-fire stocks. My op-ed for @TheHill: https://t.co/ow47ow8SnC
2/2 Need to fix wildfire budget to allow more work on forest health. Otherwise, cycle of destruction will continue. https://t.co/JaKXhvxxu7
1/2 The Tubbs fire is now the most destructive in California history. We’ll recover and rebuild, but we also need to plan ahead. https://t.co/Q1ZU0KriIx
Congratulations @Dodgers! You knocked off the World Series Champs…now bring that trophy back to California! #ThisTeam
Happy Birthday to my good friend, @SenKamalaHarris. One of 2017’s bright spots has been working with you! https://t.co/JRECxGF1DC
Young women don’t lose their right to make their own health care decisions just because they are in government custody. #JusticeForJane
Today's budget resolution vote made it clear that Republicans have only one priority: tax cuts for the rich. https://t.co/NevbRWoDOw
At a MINIMUM, these interviews create the appearance that President Trump may be trying to influence or elicit inappropriate commitments. https://t.co/OUGBmEK7FI
It’s appalling that the Trump administration believes women—undocumented or otherwise—don’t have the right to control their own bodies. https://t.co/cXlHjQlnmr
President Trump should NOT be interviewing US attorney candidates, especially those from NY—where he has personal &amp; business interests.
Republicans voted against @SenatorCardin’s amendment to prevent tax reform from increasing our deficit.
@SenatorHeitkamp The amendment would’ve ensured the middle class doesn’t get hit with the bill for President Trump’s tax cuts for the rich.
Republicans voted against @SenatorHeitkamp's amendment to protect middle-class families from a tax hike.
Republicans voted against @SenSherrodBrown’s amendment to provide tax incentives to employers that invest in American jobs &amp; pay fair wages.
@SenatorCantwell Republicans voted against @SenBillNelson’s and @SenSanders’s amendment to restore $1.5 trillion cut from Medicare and Medicaid.
Republicans voted against @SenatorCantwell’s amendment to protect the deduction for state &amp; local taxes that California families rely on.
Republicans have made it clear with their budget they only have one priority: cutting taxes for the rich. During the ongoing budget debate:
Always wonderful sitting down to chat with Mayor Libby Schaaf of Oakland. She’s a terrific leader and a great friend. @LibbySchaaf https://t.co/ZyPVLqeZmB
The current system for funding wildfire prevention, recovery and forest health is broken. Our bill provides a fix. https://t.co/ehvVpcK2Bc
Innovative leadership coming out of the Central Valley. I’ll be following closely, Mayor Tubbs! Stockton is in good hands. @MichaelDTubbs https://t.co/EZO9NecwgG
RT @HUDgov: Today, we announced disaster assistance for families in @CAgovernment affected by #cawildfires. Learn more → https://t.co/FD1xR…
.@SenKamalaHarris and I are looking into why counties didn’t use emergency alert system leading up to tragic fires. https://t.co/qFcJ5cVQ6X
Proud to stand with @GLAAD on #SpiritDay. We’re making progress on ending bullying and supporting #LGBT youth, but we still have work to do.
California and other states must have all resources possible when it comes to wildfire prevention and suppression. Read our letter: https://t.co/4dCrwiB1Lj
Great op-ed by former ATF director exposing the NRA's bait-and-switch on bump-fire stocks. Legislation needed! https://t.co/3FUsF8u5W3
President Trump's attempt to cloak the latest "Muslim ban" isn’t fooling anyone—as evidenced by two rulings against it in federal court.
If President Trump and congressional Republicans scuttle this bipartisan agreement on health care, they’ll own the damage they’ve caused.
I strongly support the bipartisan bill crafted by Senators Murray and Alexander to mitigate President Trump's sabotage of the ACA.
For too long, amateur athletics organizations have shirked their responsibility to protect young, vulnerable children. That MUST stop.
I’m so sorry McKayla has endured this pain. I offer her the same message I’ve given to other victims I’ve met: ‘You’re not alone.’ #MeToo https://t.co/RCFTg1oR3d
Trump’s 3rd travel ban is another effort to fulfill his promise of a "Muslim ban." We’ll do all we can to block it. https://t.co/8ZcvKCi5Ht
AG Sessions’ Justice Dept. is urging courts to let employers discriminate against LGBT workers. We must not go backward. #SessionsHearing https://t.co/PFJnGPS5Du
The family of #SgtLaDavidJohnson deserves our compassion and the thanks of a grateful nation for his sacrifice.
We won’t tolerate efforts to undermine progress made protecting LGBT Americans under the law. #SessionsHearing https://t.co/UQrUFfhkRf
I told Attorney General Sessions that the Justice Department's failure to protect the right to vote is wholly unacceptable. #SessionsHearing https://t.co/8U0cfsfE6D
#Dreamers embody the American spirit and have made positive contributions to the country. I told AG Sessions we should stand by them. #DACA https://t.co/JVt1Oq47f3
RT @JudiciaryDems: NOW: The committee holds an important oversight hearing with Attorney General Sessions. https://t.co/WA7OnQxvmP
It’s been two weeks since 58 people were slaughtered at a concert. We owe it to them to take action now! Ban the bump fire stock!
On October 17, 1989, we were reminded just how dangerous earthquakes can be and how we all need to be prepared. #LomaPrieta
Possible coordination with Trump’s “election integrity commission” casts doubt on Justice Department’s dedication to protect voting rights. https://t.co/YH6s2Xs4Pq
Republicans believe they can compensate for their stalled agenda by attacking Democrats on judicial nominations. https://t.co/aRnl5uMAbq
We will never end the harassment and abuse of women, especially in the workplace, unless we speak out and stand together. #MeToo
Vital meeting today with Salvation Army’s Kenneth Hodder on how to get help to families affected by wildfires. California WILL recover. https://t.co/2q7dnzkljI
The Affordable Care Act is not dead or imploding, it still insures millions of Americans. But it IS being sabotaged! #ProtectOurCare #ACA
Ending cost-sharing reduction payments INCREASES insurance premiums and INCREASES federal spending. Everyone loses!
President Trump: Sabotaging the Affordable Care Act doesn't hurt just Democrats or insurance companies—it hurts all Americans!
The entire @UofCalifornia system agrees: Congress MUST act to protect #Dreamers. I’m ready to vote yes on the Dream Act. #DefendDACA. https://t.co/R8RYGoNlFi
Great to have lunch with this terrific group of young Californians interning in my DC office. I’m so thankful for all their hard work! https://t.co/rKB9Dh1zoa
RT @Cal_OES: #NapaCounty Local Assistance Center is now open to serve those impacted by the wildfires. Details: https://t.co/aYFMxNj8wM
RT @MyCalVet: 240,000 veterans live in wildfire areas. Local Assistance Centers are opening. CalVet will be there. Info at https://t.co/nBZ…
Home-state senators should have a seat at the table in choosing judicial nominees—not right-wing groups. https://t.co/RT1Q00U7l9
Today I visited some of the communities devastated by wildfire. The stories are heartbreaking, but we stand with you. We WILL recover. https://t.co/VsN8YCxuJa
RT @JerryBrownGov: To everyone impacted by the #CAwildfires, California is with you https://t.co/y65YK50cLu
Republicans want to remove the ONLY tool that prevents President Trump from picking anyone he wants to be a judge. https://t.co/RT1Q01bIcH
?Afectado por los Incendios y buscas apoyo? Llama a mi oficina 415-393-0707. Estamos listos para ayudar.
RT @civilrightsorg: .@SenFeinstein with an important warning: GOP could give Trump even more power to pack the courts with extremists. http…
If you have been affected by the wildfires, please call my office at 415-393-0707. We are here to help.
.@countyofsonoma envío este guía para las víctimas de los incendios de California y incluye información que beneficia todas las víctimas. https://t.co/K5gljxDYJd
.@CountyofSonoma sent out this updated guide on resources for wildfire victims, includes good info for other counties affected by wildfire. https://t.co/ATWhmNoF4b
Trump has said he has litmus tests for judicial nominees. The "blue slip" is the last defense against extreme picks. https://t.co/RT1Q00U7l9
Middle-class consumers who don’t receive financial help to buy insurance will be hit hardest by ACA sabotage. They will pay 25% more.
FEMA proporciona asistencia individual para los residentes de Sonoma/Napa. Aplique aquí https://t.co/bivuaYVSJc o por telefono 800-621-3362.
4/4 Working to get this expanded to all counties hurt by wildfire. In the meantime, if you need assistance, call my office at 415-393-0707.
3/4 For those who use 711 or Video Relay Service (VRS), call 800-621-3362.
2/4 For individuals with a speech disability or hearing loss and use TTY, call 800-462-7585.
1/4 FEMA is providing individual assistance to Sonoma and Napa residents. Apply at https://t.co/eNYIs6G5oX or by the phone at 800-621-3362.
RT @AGBecerra: I am prepared to sue the #Trump Administration to protect #health subsidies, just as when we successfully intervened in #Hou…
The federal government will spend $2.3 billion MORE on tax-credit subsidies due to the president’s sabotage of the ACA.
President Trump is hurting millions of people to send a political message. It's appalling. https://t.co/uC0tqNcDo1
For 100 years, home-state senators have played a role in judicial nominations. My @PostOpinions op-ed on blue slip: https://t.co/RT1Q00U7l9
IMPORTANT: ICE won't conduct enforcement in areas affected by fires. Immigrants shouldn't be afraid to seek help. https://t.co/yoUJFJes7s
6/6 We already have one nuclear crisis on our hands, we don’t need another.
5/6 It’s the United States, not Iran, that will have broken its commitments, further damaging our credibility on the international stage.
4/6 Congress must not reimpose sanctions as long as Iran is complying or we risk being isolated from our allies.
3/6 Our national security experts and the international nuclear inspectors all agree that Iran is living up to its commitments.
2/6 Leaving the Iran nuclear agreement now would only undercut our ability to solve future diplomatic crises, including North Korea.
1/6 President Trump's decision to weaken the Iran nuclear agreement is reckless and irresponsible. https://t.co/XJLINSnc3E
@CAL_FIRE @Cal_OES 6/6 And if you are affected by the wildfires, please don't hesitate to contact my office at 415-393-0707. We're here to help.
5/6 Follow @Cal_Fire and @Cal_OES along with your local news for updated information about the fires and possible evacuations.
4/6 Have a plan, be ready to go and leave immediately if you’re evacuated. https://t.co/uGFPLaOM93
3/6 Right now, we all agree the most important thing for you to do is follow any evacuation order. It's imperative that you get out safely.
2/6 There's no doubt this is the worst fire season in our history. However, I'm confident that California can get through this together.
1/6 I've stayed in constant contact w/ Governor Brown and his staff, Congressman Thompson and CalFire Chief Pimlott about the #NorCalFires.
Make no mistake: The Trump administration is intentionally making Americans pay more for their insurance. Congress MUST act! https://t.co/s4QmfP8Wzp
Keep listening to your local news and follow @CAL_OES and @CAL_Fire for the latest updates on the wildfires. https://t.co/KAxQQuM5kR
If you need assistance due to the wildfires, please call my San Francisco office at 415-393-0707. My staff and I are here to help.
If you don't have a plan, now is the time to make one in case you're evacuated due to wildfire. Follow these steps: https://t.co/uGFPLaxaKt
The Trump administration is ramping up efforts to break the insurance market. We must focus on protecting the ACA. https://t.co/YTroDErA6C
Firefighters are working nonstop to put out the wildfires. Please stay vigilant and monitor your local news for evacuation announcements. https://t.co/dKNcG9ajJG
Thank you to all of our first responders for their heroic efforts fighting these wildfires. https://t.co/4CqiNcurSL
RT @Cal_OES: PRESS CONFERENCE: Today at 11:30 a.m. PST, LIVE updates on CA statewide wildfires from state/federal officials https://t.co/gY…
It warms my heart to hear Caitlan, Josh and their children are coming home after being held the last five years in captivity by the Taliban.
Good news! By a vote of 151-3, the Massachusetts House voted to ban bump-fire stocks. https://t.co/DKAxIfyhpL
Puerto Ricans are Americans, and we don’t abandon each other. The federal government should stay in Puerto Rico as long as necessary.
.@JudiciaryDems won't accept stonewalling by AG Sessions. Our letter on executive privilege, led by @SenWhitehouse: https://t.co/V2zkwfMwC3
Please stay safe. More strong winds are expected this evening. Keep monitoring your local news and follow any evacuation orders.
Wildfire info, including evacuation center locations &amp; how to sign up for emergency alerts, can be found here: https://t.co/wP6PIysINU
Ten House Republicans have now signed onto legislation banning bump-fire stocks. It’s a sign that we’re making progress!
Paying for tax cuts for the rich on the backs of middle-class families isn’t something I can support. https://t.co/PDUsh5gZkg
Today is #NationalComingOutDay! My message to LGBT youth: We love and accept you for who you are. Don’t be afraid to be true to yourself!
We're here &amp; ready to help. If you need immediate assistance due to the wildfires, please contact my San Francisco office at (415) 393-0707.
If you live near the fires, start preparing now in case you have to evacuate by following this guide by @Cal_Fire: https://t.co/uGFPLaOM93
3/3 Fact: During the Obama administration, 18 judicial nominees were blocked because they did not receive blue slips.
2/3 Fact: During the administrations of Presidents Obama, Bush and Clinton, not ONE judge was confirmed without two blue slips.
1/3 Home-state senators should play a role in choosing judicial nominees, NOT special interest groups. My statement: https://t.co/EKqXsZjypU
The ATF lacks authority under the law to ban bump-fire stocks. Period. Legislation is the only answer and Congress shouldn’t pass the buck.
3/3 You can get the latest information about the wildfires from @Cal_Fire and @Cal_OES.
2/3 Please follow evacuation orders and all instructions from state and local officials. We must do everything we can to save lives.
1/3 As of this morning, there are 115,000 acres still burning around the state. I'll continue to monitor the situation closely. https://t.co/IShNAOLjQT
The @FresnoBee says our bill to ban bump-fire stocks is a "no-brainer." I agree! https://t.co/w5JQTznnOX
Some Republicans say they never heard of bump-fire stocks. I discussed them at length at a 2013 hearing. WATCH: https://t.co/IUKuu5YNYK
I joined @MeetThePress to discuss our bill to ban bump stocks, which allow weapons to reach automatic rates of fire. https://t.co/2lrcN8aDLO
The fact that our current laws couldn't stop the Las Vegas gunman from buying dozens of weapons and bump stocks shows they need an update.
I appeared on @FaceTheNation to discuss our bill to ban bump fire stocks. Key point: A bill is needed. https://t.co/kqFEnDMABy
The president's decision to repeal the Clean Power Plan ignores reality. Climate change is happening &amp; we must act.  https://t.co/xDUpyKbyoR
New technology has made the legal definition of machine guns largely obsolete. That’s why our laws need an update.
4/4 Our bill does NOT blur the line b/t semi-automatic &amp; automatic weapons. It only affects devices that mechanically increase rate of fire.
3/4 Our bill would NOT ban semi-automatic weapons. It would ONLY apply to devices that increase the rate of fire of semi-automatic weapons.
2/4 ATF does NOT have the authority to ban bump fire stocks under the National Firearms Act because they are not legally machine guns.
1/4 As expected, the gun lobby is spreading falsehoods about our bill to ban bump-fire stocks. Let me set the record straight.
If you need immediate assistance due to the wildfires, please contact my San Francisco office at (415) 393-0707. We are ready to help.
.@SenKamalaHarris and I called on President Trump to expedite aid to those affected by California's wildfires. https://t.co/4w44E03aYg
Sonoma County has a complete list of which evacuation centers still have room. https://t.co/Es9TVjPmt9
Stay safe! Updated information about the wildfires, including evacuation center locations, can be found here: https://t.co/wP6PIyb7pk
Don't wait, prepare now in case you're evacuated due to wildfire. Follow these tips from @CAL_FIRE to be ready: https://t.co/R3dEuJfZib
Thank you to our first responders for their heroic efforts fighting these wildfires. Follow @CAL_FIRE &amp; @Cal_OES for the latest info.
#DACA recipients shouldn't be a political football. My statement on the Trump administration's draconian demands: https://t.co/Q3CXPMS7sS
RT @SantaRosaFire: To file a missing person report, call the Sonoma County Fire and Emergency Services Department at 707-565-3856. #TubbFire
RT @Cal_OES: PLS SHARE: We’re capturing wildfire response, recovery info here: https://t.co/r89LKpjLPj https://t.co/HiA1oQF2Ax
RT @CaltransHQ: Download the free QuickMap app for fire-related road closure info at https://t.co/WvicXhSbxn and follow @CAL_FIRE for fire…
RT @Cal_OES: Please use for Sonoma County as well, #TubbsFire https://t.co/JV7VXHqY3h
3/3 Please follow @Cal_Fire and @Cal_OES for the latest information about wildfire evacuations and how to get out safely.
2/3 If you are in an evacuated area, please get out now. These are swiftly moving fires that pose a serious threat to your life and safety.
1/3 Wildfire evacuations have been ordered in parts of Napa, Sonoma, Mendocino, Butte, Yuba, Lake and Orange counties.
The ATF has clearly told Congress that it does NOT have the legal authority to ban bump fire stocks. Legislation is needed.
My thoughts are with everyone affected by the #NapaFire and #SonomaFire. Stay safe and follow evacuation orders. https://t.co/CrYtHWfLM1
We agree that civilians shouldn't have machine guns. We should agree on banning accessories that allow weapons to fire like machine guns.
A ban on bump fire stocks could have saved lives in Las Vegas by reducing the gunman's rate of fire. We MUST take action!
The @nytimes analyzed the Las Vegas gun fire. The shooter fired about 90 rounds in just 10 SECONDS. https://t.co/Nu3kPvIM0y
Major Cities Chiefs, a leading law enforcement organization, supports closing the bump fire stock loophole and S. 1916!
An American concert venue should not look like a battlefield. Enough is enough! Let’s take commonsense steps to reduce gun violence.
The Las Vegas shooter passed background checks. He bought dozens of weapons and bump fire stocks. Our gun safety laws need an update.
Our bill is simple. Accessories that allow semi-automatic weapons to function like machine guns are banned. Read it: https://t.co/aG4W36b7w4
Speaker Paul Ryan, an avid hunter, acknowledged he is not aware of any hunting purpose for bump fire stocks.
9 minutes. That's how long it took the Las Vegas gunman to kill nearly 60 people and injure 500 more. We can't allow this to continue.
164 congressmembers support Rep. @DavidCicilline's bill to ban bump fire stocks. Urge your representative to support H.R. 3947!
Automatic weapons have been banned for 30 years. We should all agree on the need to update our laws to maintain that ban.
The gun lobby says that the ATF has the authority to ban bump fire stocks. That's NOT TRUE. The ATF has made clear legislation is needed.
38 senators support our bill to ban bump stocks. We're making progress, but we need your help. Urge Republican senators to support S.1916!
Semi-automatic rifles fire between 45 and 60 rounds/minute. A bump stock increases the rate of fire to between 400 and 800 rounds/minute.
Bump fire stocks allow semi-automatic weapons to reach rates of fire of between 400 and 800 rounds PER MINUTE.
Las Vegas shooter outfitted 12 semi-automatic weapons w/ bump stocks. No law on the books would have stopped him from buying bump stocks.
FACT: Legislation is needed to ban bump stocks. This CAN’T be done through regulation.
Automatic weapons have been banned since 1986. Banning accessories that allow weapons to reach an automatic rate of fire is a no-brainer.
Technology like bump stocks has made the current definition of automatic weapons largely obsolete. That’s why we MUST update our laws.
The @latimes supports our effort to ban bump stocks and says that the gun lobby should back our bill. https://t.co/Jyvde5dWfo
The Justice Department has AGAIN reversed itself on an important issue of civil rights and fundamental fairness. https://t.co/O4NRm38IBV
FACT: The ATF in 2010 made clear that it did NOT have authority to regulate bump stocks under the Gun Control Act or National Firearms Act.
.@SFChronicle supports our effort to ban accessories that allow semi-automatic weapons to mimic automatic weapons. https://t.co/rgwhysOFwg
I’ll continue to support manufacturing in Calif. A strong manufacturing industry is vital to middle-class success. https://t.co/FJ9hyjnQPx
Manufacturing is on pace to create 3.5 million new jobs over the next decade. We need to help fill those open positions. #MFGDay17
Rolling back the contraceptive coverage requirement take us backwards and shows utter disregard for women’s health. #HandsOffMyBC
In California, manufacturing jobs pay double the state average. Let’s find ways to bolster this vital industry. #MFGDay17
The Affordable Care Act's contraceptive coverage requirement has saved women $1.4 billion per year. https://t.co/BuON2PRp7J #HandsOffMyBC
Thank you to the Nobel Peace Prize winners for their persistent efforts to create a nuclear-free world. 	https://t.co/gXCf1ky1pQ
Manufacturing is key to the U.S. middle class and California's economy. Read my op-ed: https://t.co/FJ9hyjnQPx #MFGDay17
#DACA youth are leaders, thinkers and doers. They represent the best of the next generation. Their success is American success. #HereToStay
I won’t stop speaking out in support of #DACA youth. These are young people looking for ways to succeed &amp; contribute to society. #DefendDACA
Leaving the Iran nuclear agreement divides us from our allies and creates a 2nd nuclear crisis we don’t need. https://t.co/Hb18qftGPB
Scrapping Iran agreement would demonstrate we don’t keep our word, making it difficult to reach a diplomatic resolution with North Korea. https://t.co/FdKgS7Lace
Today marks the final day for #DACA recipients to renew benefits. Watch my remarks on the importance of DACA: https://t.co/lHoWyLG8lT
Our commonsense proposal: A background check must be completed before gun sales go forward. https://t.co/zjZdo8GpfI
RT @janearraf: First day of school in #Mosul - with #ISIS gone, public schools open for first time in three years. Few books though. https:…
UPDATE: We now have 38 Senators on our bill to ban devices that allow semi-automatic weapons to mimic illegal automatic weapons. Let’s pass this bill!
In the aftermath of the Equifax hack, scammers are out in full force preying on those concerned with the security of their personal information. 		We’re asking FTC: What’s being done to stop this? 		https://t.co/7HO5hDC65m
There’s agreement that automatic weapons should be illegal. There should also be agreement that accessories that allow weapons to mimic automatics should be illegal.
My message to Americans: Stand with us and demand action. It’s the least we can do to honor the nearly 600 people killed or injured in Las Vegas.
RT @billclarkphotos: .@SenFeinstein introduces bill to ban bump-stocks following the #LasVegasShootings https://t.co/HX6Jj9KQEc
We will not sit idly by when a concert venue in America is turned into a battlefield. We must take action to prevent gun violence.
Columbine, Virginia Tech, Tucson, Aurora, Newtown, Charleston, Roseburg, San Bernardino, Alexandria, Las Vegas. We can’t allow this to keep happening in our country.
Automatic weapons are illegal, but devices like bump stocks that modify a gun to fire at fully-automatic rates ARE legal. That makes no sense. We introduced a bill today to close that loophole. 		https://t.co/YYAJADDovR
Congratulations @CalTech scientists Dr. Kip Thorne &amp; Dr. Barry Barish on being awarded the Nobel Prize in physics! Your work on gravitational waves has revolutionized the way we view the universe. Science will build off your discoveries for years to come. https://t.co/sTaWCzsR15
After a mass shooting is EXACTLY the right time to talk about gun safety. If not now, when? To my Republican colleagues, I beg you—stand up to the NRA!
I’m looking at ways to proceed with legislation to ban bump fire stocks and close this ridiculous loophole for good. Doing nothing in the wake of this tragedy is not an option.
Automatic weapons are illegal, but individuals are still able to purchase bump stocks to allow semi-automatic weapons to fire up to 800 rounds per minute—the rate of automatic weapons—and inflict maximum carnage.
In the wake of the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history, Congress must examine ways to prevent tragedies like this from happening in the future.
The average #Dreamer came here at just 6 years old. These are motivated individuals with a lot of potential. They embody a bright American future. #DefendDACA
#DACA participants are highly-motivated individuals brought here through no choice of their own. Let’s help them unleash their potential and contribute to the only country they’ve ever known. #DefendDACA
76% of Americans agree: #Dreamers deserve a path to citizenship. Congress MUST work together to pass the #DreamAct.
#DACA youth are living, working and being educated in California and throughout the country. They are American in every way that matters. Their success is good for our country.
RT @JudiciaryDems: HAPPENING NOW: Senate Judiciary Committee holds an important hearing on #DACA. Watch here: https://t.co/t7aRvqpgj1 #Defe…
This morning at 10am EDT/7am PDT, the Senate Judiciary Committee hears from Denisse Rojas, a young woman who embodies the importance of the #DACA program. 		Read more about Denisse here: https://t.co/0vj1yKPagY #Dreamers
My full statement on the senseless tragedy in Las Vegas: https://t.co/j3Kkaq6D1n
I’m devastated this morning over the massacre in Las Vegas. My prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to the courageous first responders and law enforcement officers at the scene and the hospitals that are caring for so many wounded.
Health care for 9 million children is now threatened by the lapse in the Children's Health Insurance Program. We MUST #ExtendCHIP!
The goal of tax reform should be helping working families, not the top 1 percent.  #NotOnePennyMore
FACT: The Trump administration's sabotage campaign is leading to HIGHER insurance premiums in the individual market
The richest Americans don’t need a tax cut paid for by middle-class families. RT if you agree. #NotOnePennyMore
.@SenKamalaHarris and I wrote about the danger posed by President Trump's health care sabotage. Learn more: https://t.co/aa13yoWH5U
President Trump could save $1 BILLION under his tax plan, while middle-class Californians could pay more. https://t.co/3DW4lARE27
American citizens in Puerto Rico need assistance. We must commit more federal resources and personnel to expediting recovery efforts.
(3/3) I want CalFresh to have resources it needs to help feed California—including the 1 in 5 children in our state that faces hunger daily.
(2/3) Our state’s version of SNAP, called CalFresh, is key in the fight to end hunger and fed more than 4 million Californians last year.
(1/3) Today marks the 40th anniversary of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, a vital, successful program for feeding Americans.
The Children’s Health Insurance Program ensures that 800,000 kids in California get quality care. We must fund #CHIP now.
#DACA RECIPIENTS: Extension applications MUST BE RECEIVED by Thursday, October 5. Don’t delay, mail your application ASAP. #DefendDACA
Funding for the Children's Health Insurance Program may lapse because Republicans prioritized repealing the #ACA. That's shameful!
Our fight to protect health care isn't over. We MUST extend the Children's Health Insurance Program and prevent sabotage of the #ACA.
Senate passed our resolution supporting collaborative workforce development strategies to boost job growth and promote sustainable career pathways. Great news. https://t.co/Ja45PeYBNX
We’re calling on the president to do more to address the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands. https://t.co/hR0gOg4EVv
I received a briefing from Chief Ken Pimlott on the wildfire season. I’m committed to ensuring @Cal_Fire has all the resources it needs. https://t.co/WJJPzC2YHe
This month we stand with the 100,000 Americans affected by #SickleCell disease. Your bravery is truly inspiring.  https://t.co/h3WvUgsMdf
ATTENTION: Applications to extend #DACA must be RECEIVED by Thursday, October 5. Please mail your application as soon as possible.
A refugee cap of 45,000 is completely unacceptable. Our country is not doing its part and there’s no good reason for that to be the case.
RT @CAL_FIRE: #CanyonFire [update] City of Anaheim (Orange County) is now 2,000 acres and 20% contained. Unified Command: https://t.co/ugNd…
Thanks for stopping by, can’t wait for the Silicon Valley BART extension! https://t.co/d2Jt6pqejE
The Republican tax plan is nothing more than a tax cut for the rich! It’s another backroom GOP proposal, with no input from Democrats or the public, that will leave working Americans worse off in order to benefit the rich. A real nonstarter! https://t.co/PXGDeyPJGR
Much of Northern California under #RedFlagWarning for dangerous fire conditions. Learn more about fire prevention from @Cal_Fire. https://t.co/9NWAq5V3Wu
#GrahamCassidy has been consigned to the dustbin of history—right where it belongs! https://t.co/K9NozcUAqf
(2/2) We must focus on promoting sustainable career pathways for the modern workforce. Job growth depends on it. https://t.co/Ja45PeYBNX
(1/2) This month we’re recognizing the importance of collaborative workforce development that emphasizes economic prosperity for all.
BREAKING: Senate Republicans will NOT vote on the terrible #GrahamCassidy bill. Thank you everyone who made their voices heard! We did it!
Our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico have been devastated by Hurricane Maria. Federal funds should be approved as soon as possible.
The federal guarantee that those with pre-existing conditions are not charged exorbitant premiums should be NON NEGOTIABLE. #GrahamCassidy
Home-state senators should play a role in choosing judicial nominees, NOT special interest groups. #DefendBlueSlips https://t.co/XvXCwM5pTA
#GrahamCassidy is devastating for women’s health: Ends guarantee that maternity care and contraception are covered.
.@StephenCurry30 &amp; @Warriors, the president doesn’t know what he’s missing—you’re always welcome in the Senate! Hope to see you in February.
California has done everything to make the Affordable Care Act work well. #GrahamCassidy punishes our success.
#GrahamCassidy is an attack on California. Read more here via @LATimes: https://t.co/40dVgk6KCN
Read my letter to California House Republicans: Put the people of our state above politics—oppose #GrahamCassidy. https://t.co/aH5RON1BCs
#PAYGAP UPDATE: Women still make on average 80 cents for every $1 a man makes. Let’s continue to strive toward #EqualPay for equal work. https://t.co/TeiXs6Y88O
Conway Collis is right: Let’s do more to reduce poverty in California. Children and families are depending on us. https://t.co/eu8HzEAbaQ
(2/2) I’ll continue to work in the Senate to protect victims of campus sexual assault. We can’t give up the fight. #TitleIX
(1/2) Sec. DeVos is putting rights of the accused above those of sexual assault victims. Absolutely unconscionable. https://t.co/cx4aMYH0F0
64% of Medicaid funds in California cover those with disabilities and in nursing homes—the most vulnerable. We must not cut Medicaid!
Supporters of #GrahamCassidy say it will lower premiums. NOT TRUE! They will spike 20% under #GrahamCassidy.
Under #GrahamCassidy, states decide whether insurance companies cover your care. Cancer treatment, even asthma, may not be covered!
Over the next 20 years, #GrahamCassidy would cost California $800 BILLION. This would be absolutely crushing financially.
This provision of #GrahamCassidy says states can allow insurers to charge sick people much more for coverage. Terrible! https://t.co/zSeIj2Iecw
FACT: This provision of #GrahamCassidy says that states can allow insurers to spend less on care &amp; more on administration and CEO salaries. https://t.co/AGBilWILrw
Between 2020 and 2027, California would be forced to pay $129 billion more to offset the loss of federal funds from #GrahamCassidy.
California is the biggest loser if #GrahamCassidy passes. A 13% cut in federal funds amounts to a $129 billion loss by 2026!!
FACT: This provision of #GrahamCassidy says states can allow insurers to stop covering essential health care like maternity care. #SaveACA https://t.co/nD585k7MjB
Jimmy Kimmel has become a California hero for exposing the worst of the latest Republican “health care” bill. https://t.co/brzqTQOfur
Our state’s first-class children’s hospitals depend on Medicaid. Without Medicaid, they’ll need to reduce services and maybe even CLOSE!
Medicaid covers 1 in 3 Californians, including children, seniors in nursing homes and those with disabilities. We MUST protect it.
To vote without a Congressional Budget Office analysis of what #GrahamCassidy does to coverage &amp; premiums is irresponsible and inexcusable.
American people MUST be active. Get on the phones. Call Republican senators at 202-224-3121. #ProtectOurCare!!
You’d expect Senate Republicans’ 4th attempt at a “health care” bill to be better. Instead, #GrahamCassidy is the WORST!
#GrahamCassidy replaces the ACA’s federal guarantee of protections for pre-existing conditions with vague assurances. Don’t be fooled!
One of the #ACA's most important provisions said that insurance companies couldn’t sell junk plans. #GrahamCassidy brings them back.
Wishing everyone celebrating #RoshHashanah a very happy new year. Shanah Tovah!
Thank you Alyssa and Debra for helping to spread the word that California would be hit harder than ANY other state under #GrahamCassidy. https://t.co/le55yjrCkV
There's one constant in every Republican "health care" bill: Devastating cuts to Medicaid. It's indefensible. #ProtectOurCare
Californians stand ready to help in any way we can. Thank you, Los Angeles County! @LACo_FD https://t.co/k9BAhlVF4S
Jimmy Kimmel, whose son was treated at @ChildrensLA, did a good job summing up everything wrong with #GrahamCassidy. https://t.co/cZznSP7roS
(2/2) Let’s empower federal agencies to get ahead of what could be another catastrophic fire year. https://t.co/YU6YuDgOVk
(1/2) Devastating wildfires have already burned millions of acres and fire season isn’t over. We must fix a BROKEN fire prevention system.
(3/3) Senate should pass our bill that strengthens our ability to prepare for &amp; respond to destructive earthquakes. https://t.co/w67HPVgqDL
(2/3) We must acknowledge the same could happen here at home anytime, and we have to be #QuakeReady.
(1/3) The scenes from Mexico City are heartbreaking. I’ve lived through deadly earthquakes and my thoughts are with everyone affected.
#GrahamCassidy takes health funding from California and gives it to red states. California shouldn’t be punished. It's appalling! https://t.co/jpTcdPEQEL
Here’s a key point on #GrahamCassidy: It shifts a larger and larger portion of health care costs onto states, crushing them financially. https://t.co/lNw85cooKe
Previous CBO scores of their bills showed up to 32 million losing health care. The new Republican solution is to not wait for another score.
NEW: The CBO will not be able to analyze the effects of #GrahamCassidy on coverage and premiums by September 30. NO SCORE, NO VOTE!
I’m committed to protecting community health center funding. 50,000 jobs, health care for 9 mil. Americans at stake. https://t.co/7btFn72i2D
(3/3) Keep up your energy, California. We CAN’T let our guard down. We won’t stand for the Trump’s assault on our national monuments.
(2/3) We only found out Trump administration plans for gutting monuments from a leaked memo. Why no transparency? #Monuments4All
(1/3) The lack of transparency by Trump’s Interior Dept. has been concerning for the entire monument review process. https://t.co/OqZidcGiid
The UN is a venue to promote peace. Today, the president used it as a stage to threaten war. https://t.co/LFMAFNSW0K #UNGA
For #HispanicHeritageMonth, join me in honoring the countless contributions to our nation by the Latino community. https://t.co/pzFQaOLrZU
Republicans know the only way they have a chance to pass #GrahamCassidy is if the American people know as little as possible. It’s insanity!
It’s unbelievable to me that Senate Republicans would abandon bipartisan efforts to improve the Affordable Care Act for this awful bill!
I strongly support the efforts by Senators Murray and Alexander to craft bipartisan legislation to strengthen the individual market.
California would be forced to pay more than $57 BILLION more by 2027 to offset the loss of federal health care dollars. Crushing!
The latest Republican “health care” bill is an absolute disaster. My statement on #GrahamCassidy: https://t.co/jXugH3F4v0
I thought the president’s Sunday morning tweet depicting an attack on Hillary Clinton was appalling and disgusting. https://t.co/WVIXjJh26b
Joined @CNNsotu yesterday to discuss North Korea, the Russia investigation and our efforts to protect #Dreamers. https://t.co/twobLmTo6X
The Graham-Cassidy "health care" bill hits states that expanded Medicaid especially hard. That means California. We MUST defeat this bill!
A top priority between now and September 30 must be defeating the Graham-Cassidy bill. #SaveACA
The latest ‘health care’ bill—Graham-Cassidy—is much like the four that came before it: 32 million would lose coverage.
Here’s what you need to know about the Graham-Cassidy bill: It would disproportionately hurt California and take away billions.
Republicans have until September 30th to pass a bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act. We can’t lose focus. #SaveACA
ATTENTION: Senate Republicans may try to repeal the Affordable Care Act and gut Medicaid AGAIN. Time to make calls!
I’m closely monitoring the San Diego County Hepatitis A outbreak. Resources on prevention can be found here: https://t.co/EEthkz35kR
1 in 5 U.S. families spend 25% of their income on child care. That’s unacceptable. Time for change. #ChildCare4All
@JerryBrownGov @GavinNewsom @Rendon63rd 6/6 The heart of the Mojave Desert is at stake. We must #StopCadiz and the Trump administration from destroying what makes it special. https://t.co/PmE7fGkzJS
5/6 Tell them "I stand with @JerryBrownGov, Lt. Gov. @GavinNewsom &amp; Speaker @Rendon63rd in fighting for the desert." https://t.co/LUQRYoFvjC
4/6 Tell your state Senator you demand a vote on AB 1000 to #StopCadiz from robbing the Mojave Desert of its most precious resource – water.
3/6 AB 1000 is currently being blocked in a state Senate committee. The full Senate should get to vote. We need your help today!
2/6 The state legislature has just two days left to pass AB 1000, a bill to #StopCadiz from draining a desert aquifer for private profit.
1/6 The Mojave Desert is being threatened by Cadiz and its friends in the Trump administration. California can #StopCadiz if we act now.
Sending my best wishes to the Marines injured at Camp Pendleton—a reminder of the sacrifices made daily by our brave servicemembers. https://t.co/X7yANTXeef
Too often, low-income children aren’t ready for Kindergarten. Expanding access to pre-school is a MUST! #ChildCare4All
Child care costs are a crushing burden for so many families. Our bill would help address this growing problem. #ChildCare4All
RT @JudiciaryDems: HAPPENING NOW: The Senate Judiciary Committee holds a key meeting on nominations. Watch here: https://t.co/mMTLXVFBnY
The Trump administration MUST consult Congress on the number of refugees to be admitted. My letter w/ @SenatorDurbin https://t.co/xs5kNtAwYS
I’m committed to expanding health care that ensures healthy pregnancies and reliable maternity coverage for women across America. https://t.co/mXYF659EEe
Welcoming those from countries facing war and disaster is an ideal sewn into America’s fabric. Lowering the refugee cap is just plain wrong.
Equifax fails to protect info of 143 million people—now we’re hearing execs sold off stocks. Unbelievable. There MUST be an investigation. https://t.co/B92llNIEJm
More than 8 million acres have already burned in the West this year due to wildfires—many currently burning in Calif. #SalmonAugustComplex https://t.co/ACIizRlvQL
Edith Windsor made this country better. Her courage means millions of Americans can now marry the person they love. #LoveWins
To those in high-risk areas, wildfire smoke poses serious health concerns. Good info from American @LungAssociation: https://t.co/sDvJDnEWZk
Always great to see my friends from @CalHospitals. We had a good discussion on protecting access to health care for California &amp; the nation. https://t.co/51JVu70rN2
I support @AGBecerra’s decision to take legal action to #DefendDACA. We must protect the 223,000 #Dreamers in our state. https://t.co/aBcQMlDS8X
Leaders from across CA agree: State Senate must pass AB1000 to protect Mojave from Trump’s disastrous pet project. https://t.co/LUQRYoFvjC
Ending veteran homelessness must be a priority. @DeptVetAffairs is doing its part with $188 million in grants. https://t.co/QmKcIqlt0c
On the 16th anniversary of the #September11 attacks, we reaffirm our pledge to honor the victims and the bravery of the first responders.
Wishing California a very happy birthday! On this date in 1850, California became the 31st state. #OTD
3/3 The future of the Mojave Desert is at stake. The California Senate can still #StopCadiz by passing AB 1000 before Sept 15.
2/3 California can stop this assault on our public lands by passing AB 1000. The votes are there but it's being blocked in the state Senate.
1/3 Great op-ed! Trump admin. will stop at nothing to muscle through the Cadiz project. We must fight back. https://t.co/6PpMY6LhM2
IMPORTANT: DHS says DACA recipients MUST renew by October 5 if their status expires btw September 5 and March 5.  https://t.co/45PSZ5gYnk
(3/3) I introduced a bipartisan bill this week to give the nation the tools we need for earthquake resilience. https://t.co/sFbT6SwHrl
(2/3) This tragedy reminds us that we must do everything we can to prepare, respond and recover from earthquakes. #QuakeReady
(1/3) This morning, my thoughts are with those in Mexico affected by the devastating earthquake near Tres Picos. https://t.co/xn0KEfRt5Z
(3/3) Today's vote was important. The public deserves to know where all their representatives stand on climate change. We must act!
(2/3) U.N. climate funding is key. The climate is changing now—oceans warming, stronger hurricanes, melting ice caps—and we must act.
(1/3) Great news: The Appropriations Committee voted today to fund the U.N. climate change panel. https://t.co/25TD3YJ61N #ActOnClimate
BREAKING: Senate Appropriations Committee just voted to restore vital funding for the UN climate change panel—a big victory. #ActOnClimate
I was heartbroken by the deportation of Maria and Eusebio Sanchez and am pushing a bill to reunite their family. https://t.co/5GV3cyl3U5
If a nominee doesn't receive blue slips from both senators, the Judiciary Committee shouldn't move forward. https://t.co/u07JO3K2F4
Protecting #DACA recipients isn’t a matter of politics or economics. It’s about what’s right as Americans and human beings. #HereToStay
#DACA recipients deserve certainty NOW—not six months from now. They trusted our government, and it’s time to stop playing with their lives.
I spoke on the Senate floor about the many contributions made by #Dreamers. They must be protected. #HereToStay https://t.co/kKANsXkAqJ
Failure to protect young people who’ve come out of the shadows would constitute an abject moral failure. #DefendDACA https://t.co/tUFnjONb9B
Contributions made by #DACA youth help the ENTIRE nation. We should be doing all we can to unleash their potential. #DefendDACA https://t.co/oBxDtIy2eN
I was proud to vote to advance the DREAM Act in 2007 and 2010. I’d be even more proud to vote “yes” today. Give us a vote! #DefendDACA
(4/4) #DACA youth have pursued their dreams, becoming doctors, engineers and teachers. They’re American in every way that matters. #SaveDACA
(3/4) Calif. is home to nearly 223,000 DACA recipients, more than any other state. Their contributions are an important part of the economy. https://t.co/S5iinchZIz
(2/4) Congressional action is now the only way to protect DACA recipients. The #DreamAct deserves a vote as soon as possible. #DefendDACA
(1/4) To #DACA youth across the country, I say this is not over. I stand with you and your families. You are valued. https://t.co/tUFnjONb9B
Thanks for doing the right thing Tim and standing by these impressive young people. Your voice is vital in the fight to #SaveDACA. https://t.co/2b5qv5kFBS
#DACA recipients came to this country as young children. They've known no other home than the United States. #HereToStay.
Happy #LaborDay! Thank you to our nation's workers. We're grateful for all that you contribute to our country.
Congress MUST act to protect #DACA recipients. I'm ready to vote "YES" on the DREAM Act!
There are more #DACA recipients in California than in any other state. We stand with them. We have their backs. #HereToStay
#Dreamers are Americans in every way that matters. They are our future. #SaveDACA
#DACA recipients have done everything that the federal government has asked of them. They don't deserve to live in fear. #HereToStay
It's deeply disappointing that AB 1000, a bill to protect the Mojave Desert, was blocked. My statement: https://t.co/aGZXVxG8V7 #StopCadiz
BREAKING: Tennessee's attorney general urges Congress to protect Dreamers. Let's pass the #DREAMAct! https://t.co/NY7VqCH8Bn #DACA
@JerryBrownGov Lt. Governor @GavinNewsom also supports the bill to block Cadiz—a Trump pet project! We must #StopCadiz. https://t.co/0XLwqWqL5O
State legislators should look toward the leadership of @JerryBrownGov. Let’s preserve the Mojave for generations to come—AB 1000 must pass! https://t.co/xZK1xwJ3ST
Legislation to provide #DACA recipients permanent protection from deportation—and eventual citizenship—MUST be on the Senate's agenda.
(3/3) Learn more about how the Cadiz project could destroy the Mojave desert in our op-ed: https://t.co/nSqXRE360l
(2/3) Special interests have been pushing the Cadiz project for YEARS. We can't let them kill a bill that would block it.
(1/3) President Trump's pet project could destroy the Mojave desert. The state legislature MUST pass AB 1000.
#DACA unleashes the potential of youth brought here through no fault of their own. Their success enriches the economy AND society. #SaveDACA
Failure to protect young people who have come out of the shadows and enrolled in #DACA would constitute an abject moral failure. #SaveDACA
California is home to more Dreamers than any other state—222,000 impressive young people. We MUST #SaveDACA!
#Dreamers, I’ll always stand with you. We’re in this together. Never stop chasing your goals and keep making your voices heard! #SaveDACA
State legislators need to step up and help protect our desert from Trump. Pass AB 1000 now! https://t.co/nSqXRE360l
RT @SenSherrodBrown: After we questioned 16 retailers abt their work w/ trucking companies who abuse workers, Costco reportedly dropped its…
The president must understand that ending #DACA would hurt our next generation of leaders. https://t.co/Gcf11hUQUr #SaveDACA
Arpaio has long history of racial profiling—his pardon sends message to law enforcement that racial profiling is ok. https://t.co/UIvry5suB2
National Guard members who answered the call of duty will keep the bonuses they earned—the right decision by DoD. https://t.co/sK3rf3VAP6
Californians interested in helping those affected by devastating Texas floods can make a donation through @RedCross. https://t.co/WOVE3J8am5
On #WomensEqualityDay, let’s recommit ourselves to a society where young women aren’t held back from achieving their dreams.
For years Sheriff Arpaio systematically violated civil rights. President Trump indicates he approves of that behavior with this pardon.
Sheriff Arpaio should not have been pardoned. A pardon for his conduct demonstrates flagrant disregard for the rule of law in this country.
All Americans who are fit and willing  should be able to serve their country in the military. #ProtectTransTroops
Calls by President Trump and Senate Republicans to split the Ninth Circuit are a political response to decisions they don’t like.
Splitting the Ninth Circuit is unnecessary and would waste taxpayer dollars. https://t.co/DHR7EA6gza
(2/2) Dreamers are an vital part of the fabric of our communities. They have contributed to our country and deserve to live without fear.
(1/2) To all the Dreamers in California and across the country, I stand with you. #HereToStay #SaveDACA
California will fight any attempt by President Trump to eliminate protected parkland. #KeepItPublic https://t.co/7DAcgxuQTr
RT @LCVoters: .@SecretaryZinke we are standing today to urge you to #KeepItPublic and uphold protections for our lands and waters! https://…
Great news: A court again blocked Texas’s discriminatory voter ID law. It should be easier to vote, not harder. https://t.co/YWctVcZtcD
Another year, another terrific #TahoeSummit. With our ongoing public-private partnership, Tahoe’s future is bright. https://t.co/o1RWp1XMio
@TahoeAgency (3/3) Our public-private partnership is committed to reducing pollution, improving lake clarity &amp; protecting ecosystems in the #Tahoe area.
@TahoeAgency (2/3) The temperature of Lake Tahoe is rising faster than the historical average. That’s not just a coincidence. #ActOnClimate
(1/3) The science is clear. Climate change poses a very real threat to #Tahoe. Read my op-ed with @TahoeAgency: https://t.co/ZDuPSOQsBc
Good news: The Senate will soon hold hearings on strengthening individual insurance markets. Thank you Sen. @PattyMurray &amp; @SenAlexander.
RT @SenCortezMasto: Together, we will use our voices to protect Lake #Tahoe, the cultural history of our #publiclands, &amp; the future of our…
RT @TahoeDailyTrib: "Everybody around this lake has the opportunity to save this lake — and if we don’t, it will go." – @SenFeinstein #Taho…
The #TahoeSummit wouldn't have been possible without all the young volunteers. Great to see a new generation is working to #KeepTahoeBlue! https://t.co/6YCTr7C56I
"Team Tahoe" is ready to meet the new challenges facing Lake Tahoe. I invite you to join us.		Thank you to all who came to the #TahoeSummit.
Climate change is having a profound effect on Lake Tahoe. We must strike at the heart of the issues facing this lake. #TahoeSummit https://t.co/B4lIa3lIl2
Our mission to improve Lake Tahoe clarity will be aided by a $200,000 @EPA grant. Great news. #TahoeSummit https://t.co/tmShQyDvra
Vital investments have led to improvements in lake clarity. Let’s ensure #Tahoe is preserved for generations to come.  #TahoeSummit https://t.co/1EqOo8x04v
"This lake is a national treasure because of one virtue...your efforts." - former Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt. #TahoeSummit https://t.co/gv19a0WCRc
"Wherever I go around the country, I see one bumper sticker...#KeepTahoeBlue." - former Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt. #TahoeSummit
"Pause for a moment, take a deep breath and observe where we are - this is a special, beautiful place" - @RepGaramendi #TahoeSummit
"Tahoe is my favorite place on this earth. You just have to breathe, listen and feel to understand Lake Tahoe". - @GovSandoval #TahoeSummit https://t.co/vC8YqGgb7s
"Let's use this as an opportunity for showing not just our two states but showing the nation what can done." - @SenKamalaHarris #TahoeSummit https://t.co/qYkRbaswYs
RT @TahoeAgency: (2/2) "By continuing our progress, we will make sure a decade from now we have more accomplishments to celebrate." #tahoes…
RT @TahoeAgency: (1/2) TRPA's Joanne Marchetta: "Tahoe is healthier and more resilient today because we never shied away from hard work." #…
"The partnership we strengthen here today will endure." - @SenCortezMasto #TahoeSummit https://t.co/sBvcpzG13F
Thank you Dinah Pete, tribal elder of the Washoe Tribe for her beautiful invocation to start the #TahoeSummit. https://t.co/uLnfzxrUUW
RT @SenCortezMasto: Joining @GovSandoval @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris @SenDeanHeller at the Lake #TahoeSummit today, working to protect i…
RT @TahoeAgency: This Tuesday's #LakeTahoe Summit with @SenFeinstein at Valhalla will shine a light on #Tahoe challenges. Read more: https:…
Stage is set at Valhalla, shuttles are running, and volunteers are ready to welcome everyone. See you in an hour for the 2017 #TahoeSummit. https://t.co/i5xAuVjIG7
Conservation is on the agenda today at the annual #TahoeSummit. We must do everything we can to #KeepTahoeBlue. https://t.co/3hrHoCDe7h https://t.co/AgLQWAaZFs
We want answers in response to reports that the Trump administration may review college diversity programs. https://t.co/zjpzfMEZ5H
Five California monuments are still at risk. They are national treasures and we won't stop fighting to protect them. https://t.co/hjawZztH1a
@Aly_Raisman Our bipartisan bill would require immediate reporting of abuse allegations and safeguards to prevent abuse. https://t.co/PyDKouWDlS
Thank you @Aly_Raisman for speaking out on the need to reform amateur sports to ensure we protect young athletes. https://t.co/ddIBp335ha
(3/3) To keep #Tahoe in pristine shape, reducing the effects of climate change must be prioritized. Read our op-ed: https://t.co/ZDuPSOQsBc
(2/3) Our next challenge for preserving #Tahoe: Tackling climate change. Surface temperatures are rising 14 times the historic average.
(1/3) At the #TahoeSummit we’ll discuss next steps in the public-private partnership that has led to $2 billion in conservation projects.
2016 was terrific for #Tahoe conservation—among other accomplishments, our bill led to $415 million in restoration &amp; conservation projects. https://t.co/Ar5n9GFWDF
The #TahoeSummit happens tomorrow at Tallac Historic Site. We’ll discuss keeping the region in pristine condition. https://t.co/3hrHoCDe7h
These women leaders are spearheading the fight to save #Tahoe. One of my favorite events of the year—we talked restoration efforts &amp; ideas. https://t.co/mC6T1sHPrj
#SolarEclipse2017 will happen early today here in California. Find the best viewing time for where you live: https://t.co/BFUw3aBqOy
This morning I’m thinking of the crew aboard the USS John S. McCain and praying for the missing sailors.
Gen. Dunford meeting with Chinese leaders on North Korea. Military-to-military communication is key to build trust. https://t.co/Zlbmc98jhB
President Trump can’t ignore the threat of domestic terrorism. #Charlottesville reminds us we must stay vigilant. https://t.co/OvHCp6GcJZ
Cadiz would destroy a Mojave aquifer while doing nothing for our water security. Vital op-ed from @LauraFriedman43: https://t.co/E7iSUBBgw9
In order to protect young athletes, reform is key at USA Gymnastics. Turning our bill into law is a must. https://t.co/Sse7P8mjz6
As far as the next big quake, it’s not a matter of if it will occur, it’s when. Preparation is vital. My statement: https://t.co/84aTqBDPr9
Great news: Major grants awarded to further develop an earthquake early-warning system. Among the recipients are @CalTech and @UCBerkeley.
(2/2) Our intelligence community has offered assistance and I encourage other nations to work with Spain. We stand with #Barcelona.
(1/2) I’m closely monitoring the terror attack in Barcelona. It’s horrific to again see images of victims hit by a car driven by hate.
Leaving undermines our options with North Korea. Why would the rest of the world place faith in U.S. leadership if we can’t keep our word?
Pres. Trump should listen to his nat’l security team. Scrapping the Iran nuclear agreement won’t make us any safer: https://t.co/GaT2EMUSIz
Inciting hatred and violence doesn't belong in California. I've called on the park service to deny Patriot Prayer a Crissy Field permit. https://t.co/b1ZgDB978o
A unilateral withdrawal from Iran nuclear agreement would isolate the United States—not Iran. Read my op-ed: https://t.co/GaT2EMUSIz
(4/4) I’ll continue to fight for the Sanchez family and all families across the country who have been callously targeted.
(3/4) More evidence that Donald Trump’s immigration policy is just a hateful deportation program that targets law-abiding families.
(2/4) Trump administration has denied every avenue to allow this family to stay together. This deportation is devoid of humanity.
(1/4) Heartbroken for Maria and Eusebio Sanchez, who will be deported after 23 productive, law-abiding years in US. https://t.co/uQhLGtUZHf
Let’s ensure #Dreamers have the tools they need to unlock their potential and contribute to their communities. #DACAworks https://t.co/WHfGOKpH4G
We’re ready to counter any challenge the Trump administration gives #DACA. Protecting #Dreamers is a top priority of mine. #DefendDACA
On the 5th anniversary of the implementation of #DACA, I remain committed to #Dreamers in California and across the nation. #DefendDACA
We’ll fight any Trump administration attempt to discriminate against the #LGBT community. Read our letter to AG Sessions on Title VII: https://t.co/L16zgFu1JR
Violent acts of hate and bigotry have no place in America. The president must use his voice to condemn the events in #Charlottesville. https://t.co/abXxgAkxBY
1 in 50 jobs created in 2016 was in the solar industry. Let's not erect any barriers to undercut that growth! https://t.co/LRF56UJuFO
Read more about my bill, which would help 1.2 million Americans get health coverage and DECREASE premiums. https://t.co/BYFVvMo5J3
Before we can improve affordability in the individual market, President Trump must STOP his threats of sabotage. https://t.co/BYFVvMo5J3
The president’s escalating rhetoric won’t calm tensions or facilitate diplomacy with North Korea. He needs to step back from the brink.
A new Republican immigration bill is a thinly-veiled attempt to keep immigrants out. My op-ed for @FortuneMagazine: https://t.co/bCJbWdJWq4
My statement on the pending deportation of the Sanchez family: https://t.co/PBUCGLeIYA
Maria and Eusebio Sanchez are hardworking parents. These are the kind of people we should welcome into the United States with open arms.
The cruel and arbitrary nature of President Trump’s immigration policies is captured in this heartbreaking story. https://t.co/ZVZIQDElMH
I just had lunch with two great San Franciscans. https://t.co/5teTIAZZQA
RT @FortuneMagazine: .@SenFeinstein: "Trump's immigration policy would've turned away my family—and his" https://t.co/blrFMc8jdd
Protecting farmworkers from deportation is a win-win. It helps our farmers and the hard-working immigrants who put food on our tables.
9 of 10 Calif. farmworkers are immigrants. At least 5 in 10 are undocumented. My bill provides legal status: https://t.co/KiVCrb8cug
Important NBC report on the shortage of farmworkers in California. Terrible for our state's agricultural economy! https://t.co/FKzRWwyJNl
There's no such thing as winnable or limited nuclear wars. The president's "fire and fury" remark hurts diplomatic efforts with North Korea. https://t.co/aBzG2TH5qG
Burying this report and refusing to act on climate change would be a dereliction of duty. https://t.co/UmuyyLJQqg
I joined with 13 senators to call on the administration to make this important report public. https://t.co/y3bIYBTA0W
Despite the overwhelming scientific evidence, the Trump administration still refuses to accept that human activity drives climate change.
The science is clear: climate change is real. The Trump admin can’t dismiss facts just because it doesn’t like them. https://t.co/hlplMD41F1
“We seek the total elimination one day of nuclear weapons from the face of the Earth.” - President Reagan https://t.co/Xq0aX0ODTZ
The situation with North Korea is volatile enough. We need diplomacy, not saber rattling from the White House. https://t.co/U25lQ7nYZU
Our failure to impose even basic safety rules on personal care products is an urgent public health issue. My letter: https://t.co/pYc0afE3YI
I'm urging President Trump to abandon his threats to sabotage the individual insurance market. My letter: https://t.co/GSw2um01wL
It appears that under the Trump administration the mission of the DOJ is to pave the way for widespread disenfranchisement. Outrageous!
The Justice Department’s reversal in yet another key voting rights case is alarming. My statement: https://t.co/uBep6yRgx6
Secretary Tillerson is still in Asia. He should be discussing the possibility of reopening North Korean talks with our regional partners.
The situation on the Korean peninsula is already volatile enough. President Trump is not helping the situation with his bombastic comments.
Isolating the North Koreans has not halted their pursuit of nuclear weapons. Diplomacy is the only path forward. https://t.co/PBMrNbNb4v
Today we honor the sacrifices of all brave Americans wounded defending their country and its ideals. #PurpleHeartDay
States have made it harder for African Americans, Latinos, students and low-income Americans to vote. That's indefensible! #RestoreTheVote
We should be making it easier for Americans to vote—not harder! That's why we want to update the Voting Rights Act. #RestoreTheVote
Californians must make their voices heard to protect our desert! Thank you! https://t.co/nYpMhDGEY8
Restoring the Voting Rights Act is a no-brainer. Every senator should support our bill! #RestoreTheVOTE
The Supreme Court’s decision in ShelbyCounty v. Holder was wrong. Voting is a right. We must protect it! #RestoreTheVOTE
52 years ago Congress passed the Voting Rights Act—one of our most sacred laws. 5 years ago the Supreme Court gutted key provisions.
David Perlman is a San Francisco treasure. Congratulations on a storied career! I'll miss reading your reports. https://t.co/RHZbSQxAPG https://t.co/wT964LPwUU
Law enforcement nationwide has condemned the president's comments. DOJ MUST follow. My letter with @SenBlumenthal: https://t.co/XIyRHhxE8C
In response to President Trump's disturbing comments, AG Sessions must make it crystal clear that excessive force won't be tolerated.
My bipartisan bill with @SenatorCollins would finally update our safety rules. Read more. https://t.co/7LW06LOm05 #SafeProducts
29,000 companies from 181 countries export personal care products to the U.S. They have no obligation to tell FDA what’s in their products!
The FDA has just SIX inspectors for 3 MILLION shipments of personal care products. Our safety rules are inadequate. https://t.co/NZLiZCGGfO
@CoveredCA Read @CoveredCA’s letter, which makes crystal clear the effects of intentional sabotage: https://t.co/AXb2GVrOSc
@CoveredCA California has worked hard to implement ACA. 82% of consumers will have 3+ plans to pick from. President Trump is threatening our success!
President Trump's threats could cause a 12% premium INCREASE in @CoveredCA. It’s unbelievable to me that he may INTENTIONALLY hurt people.
My statement on the need to protect the Civil Rights Division from interference: https://t.co/BlwNeDt6Yb
The Civil Rights Division has been at the forefront of efforts to create a more just society. We must not allow it to be undermined.
Students of all races, colors and creeds deserve an opportunity to go to college. We should do all we can to ensure a fair system for all.
I’m troubled by reports that the Justice Department may launch a politically-motivated review of college diversity programs.
My full statement on new Trump-backed immigration bill: https://t.co/gweA4Wc6c7
What does it say about this administration’s values that wealthy individuals are allowed in while people fleeing violence are turned away?
Our country shouldn’t tell immigrants who perform thankless jobs that they can work but can’t build lives here. That’s not what we're about.
My mother emigrated from Russia. She couldn’t speak English and had no education. Under the new Trump-backed bill, she'd be turned away.
You shouldn’t have to jeopardize your financial security to care for a new baby or loved one. That’s why I support the FAMILY Act. #FMLA24
Before Congress passed the Family and Medical Leave Act, you could be fired for taking leave to recover from a serious illness. #FMLA24
If you missed it, I was on @CNNSitRoom with @WolfBlitzer yesterday to discuss immigration, North Korea and Russia. https://t.co/sJM6NEoYh8
Unlike the health care debate, Republicans MUST return to regular order with tax reform. Hearings and broad stakeholder input is vital.
True tax reform DOES NOT mean simply handing out tax cuts to the nation’s richest.
Senate Democrats will oppose any attempt to use tax reform as a disguise for giving tax cuts to the rich.
The bottom line for any tax reform bill: The stability of Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security is nonnegotiable.
Cadiz Inc. won’t give up on their plan to rob the Mojave Desert of its groundwater. This bad plan MUST be stopped.
Assemblymember Friedman’s bill would require projects like Cadiz to leave groundwater resources unharmed. California must pass it.
Great news today: Los Angeles Department of Water and Power opposes the Cadiz project. We must protect Calif desert! https://t.co/yEIWVBwY7z
If the Cadiz water project goes through, pumping would SEVERELY damage the natural desert aquifer and harm Mojave wildlife.
If you aren’t already, make sure to follow me on Facebook. https://t.co/7xxEKmUYbU
Read more about the Commonwealth Fund analysis of our bill to improve the individual health insurance market: https://t.co/KtBN2WTJ12
NEW: Study shows our bill to expand tax-credit subsidies to more middle-class families will LOWER premiums, help 1.2 MILLION gain coverage.
I believe the motivation behind these attacks on AG Sessions is to fire Special Counsel Mueller. The president must not cross that red line.
AG Sessions should not be fired or pushed out because of his recusal from the Russia investigation. The decision to recuse was correct.
I’ve been briefed by Secretary Mattis and I read the intelligence. We need a diplomatic solution in North Korea—not a military one.
Let’s make it clear: We won’t tolerate abusive labor practices and no company should either. https://t.co/kmJdvEnpkv
.@SenateDems will NOT support tax reform that endangers Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security and investments in America’s future.
Have Republicans finally learned that jamming bills through doesn’t work? Tax reform MUST be subject to hearings &amp; broad stakeholder input.
Great to be on @MSNBC’s @MitchellReports today to talk North Korea, the Russia meeting &amp; Attorney General Sessions. https://t.co/5zoDqBBVfH
Tax reform MUST help the middle class, not be a handout for the rich. Our letter: https://t.co/VYiZfYskJf
Thrilled for Los Angeles! In 2028, the City of Angels will once again be on the world stage. We’re ready! https://t.co/RnsqgNJArX #LA2028
Heatstroke is a serious issue during hot summer months. Extreme temperatures can turn cars into death traps. https://t.co/Yk89e2B97Z https://t.co/cW0Ufq6Yk3
White House published personal information of citizens who shared concerns and opinions. Why? We’re seeking answers. https://t.co/84IEthynwC https://t.co/D4Q0fWjC35
I was on CBS @FaceTheNation yesterday to discuss North Korea, health care and Attorney General Sessions. Watch here: https://t.co/MU2WNMW2f2
RT @FaceTheNation: Tomorrow morning: We'll talk to @SenFeinstein about the latest on the Russia investigation and healthcare reform. https:…
In California, we DON’T want offshore oil drilling in OUR marine sanctuaries. Trump administration should back off. https://t.co/LhXufVxs0M
John’s commitment to our institutions was also behind last night’s vote. I’m hopeful we can all look to that example and come together.
John then worked as chairman of the Armed Services Committee to place language in the defense bill to outlaw torture.
When the Intelligence Cmte’s torture report was released, John was 1 of just 2 Republicans to speak in support. That meant the world to me.
I’ve had the opportunity to reflect and would like to share my thoughts about my friend John McCain. We worked together to ban torture.
Susan and Lisa were resolute throughout the entire health care debate. They deserve more credit than they’re getting.
I’d like to thank my friends, Susan, Lisa and John for casting the votes they believed were right in the face of enormous pressure.
Trump is threatening 7 monuments in CA that showcase the best of our state’s natural beauty. All must be protected. https://t.co/wA5ZgWzPqQ