Let us hear the cry of the earth, wounded in a thousand ways by human greed. Let us allow her to remain a welcoming home, in which no one feels excluded. #WorldWildlifeDay
Sometimes we may feel we are alone in facing difficulties. But, even if He doesn’t intervene immediately, the Lord walks by our side and, if we keep going forward, He will open up a new path.
In order to pray well, we need to have the heart of a child.
Let’s take a little time every day to examine our conscience, to convert to the Lord. Five minutes at the end of each day will help us think about a change of heart and conversion to the Lord, without procrastination. #SantaMarta
If you believe in God you must try to live justly with everyone, according to the golden rule: “Do to others whatever you would have them do to you” (Mt 7,12).
Religious life consists in loving God with all your heart, and your neighbour as yourself.
God’s love is the only power capable of making all things new.
Every abuse is an atrocity. In people's justified anger, the Church sees the reflection of the wrath of God. It is our duty to listen attentively to this silent cry. #PBC2019 https://t.co/Gx9M9MgzTX
Lord, focus our gaze on what is essential, make us strip ourselves of everything that does not help to make the Gospel of Jesus Christ transparent. #PBC2019
Lord, deliver us from the temptation to want to save ourselves, and our reputations; help us to acknowledge our guilt and to seek humble and concrete answers together, and in communion with all the People of God. #PBC2019
Lord, you know how we resist placing the sufferings of others in our heart. Open our hearts and shape them in your image. #PBC2019
Let us ask the Holy Spirit to sustain us during these days and to help us transform this evil into an opportunity for awareness and purification. #PBC2019
As of tomorrow, we will live several days of dialogue and communion, of listening and discernment. May it be a time of conversion. We don't proclaim ourselves, but He who died for us. #PBC2019
In the darkest moments of our history, the Lord draws near, opens paths, lifts up discouraged faith, anoints wounded hope, and awakens sleeping charity.
Let us enter into the mystery of the sorrowful heart of God who is Father, and let us speak with Him as we witness the many calamities of our time. #SantaMarta
I invite you to pray during these days for the Meeting on the Protection of Minors in the Church, an event that I want to be a powerful gesture of pastoral responsibility in the face of an urgent challenge of our time.
Christians promote peace, starting with the community in which they live.
Jesus asks us to produce just one work of art, which is possible for everyone: that of our own life.
Truth is the wonderful revelation of God, of His Fatherly face. It is His boundless love.
Those who love use their imagination to discover solutions where others see only problems. Those who love help others according to their needs and with creativity, not according to preconceived ideas or common conceptions. https://t.co/kvYb0HUNcE
Detachment from worldly appearances is essential to prepare ourselves for heaven.
Thousands of children, forced to fight in armed conflicts, are robbed of their childhood. Let us stop this abominable crime. #ChildrenNotSoldiers
A generous attitude towards the sick is salt of the earth and light of the world. May Our Lady of Lourdes help us to practice it, and obtain peace and comfort for all those who suffer.  https://t.co/yImNmXsb0A
If we practice seeing with the eyes of Jesus, we will always be able to recognize those who need our help.
Love of God and love of neighbour are inseparable. They are two sides of the same coin: lived together they are the true strength of believers!
Life has value when we give it, when we give it in love, in truth; when we give it to others, in everyday life, in the family. #SantaMarta
Human trafficking is a terrible violation of human dignity. Let us open our eyes to this shameful scourge and commit ourselves to fighting it. #TogetherAgainstHumanTrafficking @M_RSection
https://t.co/nRM29qeH7P
We all need to be healed, and we can all heal others if we are humble and meek: with a good word, with patience, with a glance. #SantaMarta
This Visit to the United Arab Emirates belongs to the "surprises" of God. So let us praise Him and His providence, and pray that the seeds sown may bring forth fruits of peace. #ApostolicJourney #UAE
The Beatitudes are a roadmap for our life: they invite us to keep our hearts pure, to practice meekness and justice, to be merciful to all, to live affliction in union with God. #UAE #ApostolicJourney
Saint Francis reminds us that Christians set out armed only with their humble faith and concrete love. If we live in the world according to the ways of God, we will become channels of His presence. #UAE #ApostolicJourney
Prayer purifies the heart from turning in on itself. Prayer of the heart restores fraternity. #UAE #ApostolicJourney
The Document on Human Fraternity, which I signed today in Abu Dhabi with my brother the Grand Imam of Al-Azhar, invites all persons who have faith in God and faith in human fraternity to unite and work together. https://t.co/74Ig3XOPzw
God is with those who seek peace. From heaven He blesses every step which, on this path, is accomplished on earth. #UAE #ApostolicJourney
I am about to leave for the United Arab Emirates. I am visiting that Country as a brother, in order to write a page of dialogue together, and to travel paths of peace together. Pray for me!
Consecrated life is a living encounter with the Lord in his people. It is a call to the faithful obedience of daily life, and to the unexpected surprises from the Spirit. It is a vision of what we need to embrace in order to experience joy: Jesus.
May the Lord give us the grace of memory and of hope, in order to go forward with perseverance on the journey of our life. #SantaMarta
Don Bosco had the courage to look at reality with human eyes and with the eyes of God. May every priest imitate him by seeing reality with human eyes and with the eyes of God. #SantaMarta
The secret to navigating life well is to invite Jesus on board. The helm of life should be given to Him, so that He can direct the route.
Meekness and tenderness: these human virtues seem small, but they can overcome the most difficult conflicts.
I thank God for having given us the opportunity to share these days together and to experience once more this World Youth Day. My thanks go to all those who have supported us with their prayers, and who have helped by their efforts and hard work! #Panama2019
Go forth and bear witness to what you have seen and heard, not with lots of words but with simple, daily actions. I don’t know if I’ll be present at the next WYD, but Peter will certainly be there, and he will confirm you in the faith. #Panama2019
Let us pray for the victims of the terrorist attack on the Cathedral of Jolo, in the Philippines. May the Lord, Prince of Peace, convert the hearts of the violent, and grant the inhabitants of that region a peaceful coexistence.
Here in Panama, I have thought a lot about the Venezuelan people, to whom I feel particularly united in these days. In the face of the serious ongoing situation, I ask you to pray that a just and peaceful solution may be reached.
To you, dear young people, a big “thank you” for #Panama2019. Keep walking. Keep living the faith and sharing it. See you in Lisbon in 2022!
Let us not forget the victims of the Holocaust. Their unspeakable suffering continues to cry out to humanity: We are all brothers and sisters! #RemembranceDay
Only what is loved can be saved. Only what is embraced can be transformed. #Panama2019
With her “yes”, Mary became the most influential woman in history. Without social networks, she became the first “influencer”: the “influencer” of God. #Panama2019
Let us not quench our thirst with just any water but with the “spring of water welling up to eternal life”. #Panama2019
Friends, Jesus teaches us to believe. Seek out and listen to the voices that encourage you to look ahead, not those that pull you down. #Panama2019
In this WYD #Panama2019 I invite you to pray all together the Holy Rosary for Peace through @clicktoprayapp.
What prompts us to encounter each other in this WYD? The certainty of knowing that we have been loved with a profound love that we neither can nor want to keep quiet about a love that challenges us to respond in the same way: with love. #Panama2019
This is the network we want, a network created not to entrap, but to liberate, to protect a communion of people who are free. https://t.co/qZ9XI2rDPe
I am leaving for the World Youth Day in Panama. I ask you to pray for this very beautiful and important event on the path of the Church.
Saying “yes” to God’s love is the first step to being happy, and to making many other people happy.
The Christian way is that of the Beatitudes: meekness, humility, patience in suffering, love for justice, ability to endure persecution, not judging others... #SantaMarta
What will remain on the threshold of eternity is not how much we earned, but how much we gave away.
Prayer from a humble heart is heard by God.
Today marks the beginning of the Week of Prayer for Christian Unity: all of us are asked to implore from God this great gift.
Let us be careful not to have a perverse heart that leads to cowardice; an obstinate heart that leads to being shut off; a heart that is slave to the seduction that leads to a Christian life of compromise. #SantaMarta
The Spirit of God speaks freely to each person through feelings and thoughts. The Spirit cannot be confined with simple reasoning, but must be welcomed with the heart!
Don’t let the sufferings you see frighten you. Place them before the Crucifix and the Eucharist from which we draw patient and compassionate love.
Let us look at our hands, often so empty of love, and today let us try to think of some gift we can offer freely.
Baptism is the best gift we have received. Through it, we belong to God and we possess the joy of salvation.
Smallness is freedom. One who is small, in the Gospel sense, is unencumbered and free from any urge to show off, and from any claim to success.
The first step in prayer is to be humble, go to the Father and say: “Look at me, I am a sinner.” And the Lord listens.
The spirit of the world is conquered with the spirit of faith: believing that God is really in the brother and sister who are close to me. #SantaMarta
Do not be afraid to weep when you encounter difficult situations: tears are drops that irrigate life. Tears of compassion purify hearts and feelings.
https://t.co/P8SNqoRiCW
Love does not tolerate indifference; love is compassionate. Love means putting your heart on the line for others. #SantaMarta
God became man in Jesus in order to share our lives. Let us keep this relationship alive with Him and with one another. Happy Christmas to our Christian brothers and sisters from the East.
The Magi offered their precious gifts to the Christ Child. Today, let us ask God: Lord, help me rediscover the joy of giving.
The Church grows in silence, in prayer, and with the good works that give witness.
Jesus is the gift of God for us. If we welcome Him, we too can be a gift of God to others.
If we live as Jesus taught us, and in harmony with what we proclaim, our witness will bear fruit.
To make peace is to imitate God, who wants to make peace with us: He sent us his Son, and He has forgiven us.
Today more than ever, our societies need “artisans of peace”, messengers and witnesses of God the Father, who wills the good and the happiness of the human family.	https://t.co/9MM3oLU4gf
May Mary, Mother of God, protect and accompany us during this new year and bring the peace of her Son into our hearts and the world.
Let us give thanks to God for the year drawing to an end, recognizing that all the good is His gift.
May Jesus, Mary and Joseph bless and protect all families around the world, so that love, joy and peace may reign within them.
Bring God’s tenderness and mercy to all those who are discarded by society.
Let us welcome God’s love in the Christ Child, and let us commit ourselves to making the world more humane and worthy for the children of today and tomorrow.
Looking at Jesus we see the face of the God who is Love, and we learn to recognize Him in the faces of our brothers and sisters.
The Church grows with the blood of the martyrs, men and women who give their lives for Jesus. Today there are many, even if they do not make the headlines.
Christ is born for us! Come, all of you who are seeking the face of God. Here He is, the Child lying in the manger.
By contemplating God, who became a child, radiating light from the humility of the crib, we can also become witnesses to humility, tenderness and goodness. #Christmas
The lights of the Christmas tree remind us that Jesus is the light of the world, the light of our souls that drives away the darkness of hatred and makes room for forgiveness. #Christmas
Let us entrust ourselves to Our Lady so that she may help us prepare our hearts to welcome Baby Jesus at his birth. #Christmas
May the symbols of the nativity scene and the Christmas tree allow a reflection of God's light and tenderness to enter into family life. #Christmas
God enters history and does so in His original style: surprise. The God of surprises always surprises us. #SantaMarta
Advent is a time for us to prepare for the coming of Jesus, Prince of Peace. It's a time to make peace with ourselves and our neighbours. #Advent
Be like Saint Joseph: a man of dreams, not a dreamer; a man of silence, because he respects God's plan. #SantaMarta
Jesus knows well the pain of not being welcomed. May our hearts not be closed as were the houses in Bethlehem. #Internationalmigrantsday
"O Wisdom from the mouth of the Most High, you fill the whole world. With strength and gentleness you order all things: come to teach us the way of prudence." #AdventAntiphons
Joy, prayer and gratitude are three ways that prepare us to experience Christmas in an authentic way. #Advent
Our life spreads light when it is given in service. The secret of joy is living to serve.
This is the first step in order to grow on our journey of faith: listening. Before speaking, listen.
Even when we pray alone, we pray together with all the people of God.
Let us beg the Virgin Mary, Our Lady of Guadalupe, to continue accompanying and protecting the peoples of the American continent. #VirgendeGuadalupe
"Comfort, comfort my people" (Is 40,1). How does the Lord give comfort? With tenderness. #SantaMarta
Keep the faith. In this second week of Advent, we ask for the grace to prepare ourselves with faith to celebrate Christmas. #SantaMarta
Every human person, created in God’s image and likeness, is a value unto themselves and is subject to inalienable rights. #HumanRightsDay
Advent is a time to recognize the emptiness needs to be filled in our lives, a time to smooth the rough edges of pride, and to make room for Jesus who comes. #Advent
What is the secret of Mary’s beauty, “tota pulchra”? Not appearances, or that which passes, but a heart totally centred on God.
Loving God means serving our neighbour without reserve, and trying to forgive without limits.
https://t.co/KKGg8LN05T
"Saying or doing?" Am I a Christian of words or deeds? "Sand and rock?" Am I building my life on the rock of God, or on the sand of worldliness? "High or low?" Is my life inspired by the Magnificat? #SantaMarta
The beginning of faith is feeling the need for salvation: this is the way that prepares us to meet Jesus.
This Advent, make yourself small, make yourself humble, make yourself a servant of others, and the Lord will give you the ability to understand how to make peace. #SantaMarta
Advent is a time for renewing the faith, for purifying it, so that it can be more authentic. #SantaMarta
So many persons with disabilities and difficulties reopen their hearts to life when they realize they are loved! And how much love can flow from a heart thanks to the remedy of a smile! #WorldDisabilityDay
Let us lift the veil of indifference that weighs on the destiny of those who suffer. Nobody can wash their hands when faced with the tragic reality of modern slavery. #EndSlavery
Advent is the time to welcome the Lord who comes to meet us, the time to look ahead, and to prepare ourselves for Christ’s return. #Advent
There is no such thing as the perfect family. Only by the daily exercise of forgiveness can a family grow.
Let us ask the Lord for the grace to leave everything in order to go forward in proclamation and witness, just as Peter and Andrew did. #SantaMarta
Faced with the tragedies of life, we are called to look to the horizon, because we have been redeemed and the Lord will come to save us. #SantaMarta
We cannot truly follow Jesus when we are weighed down by things, because if the heart is crowded with other goods, there will be no room for the Lord, who will become just one thing among others.
This week the Church invites us to ask ourselves: what state do I want the Lord to find me in when He calls? #SantaMarta
Let us ask the Lord for the grace of being generous, so that our hearts may be opened and we may become kinder. #SantaMarta
While the great ones of the Earth build themselves ‘thrones’ for their own power, God chooses an uncomfortable throne, the cross, from which to reign by giving his life.
None of us can survive without mercy. We all have need for forgiveness.
Men and women bear God’s image within and are the object of His infinite love, in whatever condition they were called into existence.
In the eyes of God human life is precious, sacred and inviolable. No one can despise the lives of others or one’s own life.
May the Virgin Mary help us joyfully follow Jesus on the way of service, the royal road that leads to Heaven.
Since today is World Fisheries Day, let us pray for all seafarers and advocate for a global commitment to stop human trafficking and forced labor in the fishing industry. #WorldFisheriesDay
Faithfulness is the characteristic of free, mature and responsible human relationships.
You cannot love only as long as it is “advantageous”. Love manifests itself when it goes beyond one’s own self-interest, and when it is given without reservation.
Let us ask for the grace to open our eyes and hearts to the poor in order to hear their cry and recognize their needs. #WorldDayofthePoor 	https://t.co/k9cpvCu8QR
Nobody can delude themselves by thinking, “I’m fine because I’m not doing anything wrong”. To be a follower of Jesus it is not enough not to do wrong, because there is good that we must do!
Do not follow Jesus only when you feel like it, rather, seek Him every day. Find in Him the God who loves you always, the meaning of your life and the strength to give of yourself.
"The Kingdom of God is in your midst." It is not spectacular. It grows in silence, in hiding, through witness, prayer, and the attraction of the Spirit. #SantaMarta
Jesus is not pleased with a “percentage of love”: we cannot love him at twenty, fifty or sixty percent. It’s all or nothing.
The first step to knowing Jesus Christ is to recognize our own poverty and our need to be saved.
Let us pray today for bishops so that they may always be what Saint Paul calls them to be: humble, gentle, servants. #SantaMarta
Sunday is a holy day for us, sanctified by the celebration of the Eucharist, which is the living presence of the Lord among us and for us. #sundaymass
The scientific community today is called to establish a leadership that offers solutions for the sustainable and integral development of all peoples, which is indispensable for building peace. #WorldScienceDay
Where there is sin there is also the merciful Lord God who forgives if you go to Him. #SantaMarta
May the Lord help us understand the logic of the Gospel, that of mercy with bearing witness. #SantaMarta
Praying means knocking at the door of a friend. God is our friend.
https://t.co/mV5lLyeMS2
Jesus invites us to celebrate with Him, to be close to Him, to change our lives. #SantaMarta
Let us commit ourselves with prayer and action to distance our hearts, our words and our deeds from all violence in order to take care of our common home.
Jesus loved us freely. Christian life is imitating Jesus' free love.  #SantaMarta
Sunday Mass is at the heart of the Church’s life. There we encounter the Risen Lord, we listen to His Word, we are nourished at His table, and thus we become Church. #sundaymass
God is faithful and our hope in Him is like a fixed anchor in heaven.
Jesus made it so death does not have the last word: those who believe in Him will be transfigured by the Father's merciful love for an eternal and blessed life.
Today we celebrate the feast of holiness. Let us strengthen the bonds of love and communion with all the Saints who are already in God's presence.
We need smiling Christians, not because they take things lightly, but because they are filled with the joy of God, because they believe in love and live to serve.
If you want to listen to the Lord’s voice, set out on the journey, live out your search. The Lord speaks to those who search.
We are called to listen to what the Spirit tells us. The Holy Spirit is always something new.
To all of you who have taken part in this “journey together”, I say “thank you”.  May the Lord bless our steps, so that we can listen to young people, be their neighbours, and bear witness before them to Jesus, the joy of our lives. #Synod2018 https://t.co/wRMOaKwkSI
Faith is life: it is living in the love of God who has changed our lives. Faith has to do with encounter, not theory.  #Synod2018 https://t.co/wRMOaKeK1a
I would like to say to the young people: forgive us if often we have not listened to you, if, instead of opening our hearts, we have filled your ears. #Synod2018 https://t.co/wRMOaKeK1a
You will build the future, with your hands, with your heart, with your love, with your passions, with your dreams. Together with others.
Saint Paul gives us very practical advice about preserving unity: "Bear with one another in love". #SantaMarta
It would be wonderful if, every day, at some moment, we could say: "Lord, let me know you and let me know myself". #SantaMarta
Health is not a consumer good, but a universal right: let us unite our efforts so that health services are available to all. #HealthForAll
This Synod is intended to be a sign of the Church that truly listens and that doesn’t always have a ready-made answer. #Synod2018
Hope is not an idea, it is an encounter; like the woman waiting to meet the child who will be born from her womb. #SantaMarta
The company of the saints helps us to recognize that God never abandons us, so that we can live and bear witness to hope on this earth.
Join Caritas and walk 1 million kilometres together with migrants &amp; refugees. We are all on the Road to Emmaus being called to see the face of Christ. #sharejourney https://t.co/pJBkxwObDK
The transmission of the faith, heart of the Church's mission, comes about by the "infectiousness" of love. #Missio https://t.co/XFROixfbOC
God can act in any circumstance, even in the midst of apparent defeat.
The leaven of Christians is the Holy Spirit that allows us to grow amidst the difficulties of the journey, but always with hope. #SantaMarta
The road of the disciple is one of poverty. Disciples are poor because their richness is Jesus. #SantaMarta
When we listen to the Word of God, we obtain the courage and perseverance to offer the best of ourselves to others.
Open your heart and let the Lord's grace enter in. Salvation is a gift, not a way of presenting yourself outwardly. #SantaMarta
https://t.co/gV4DMhl9pC
The world needs saints, and all of us, without exception, are called to holiness. We are not afraid!
Let us defend ourselves from the risk of being actors rather than witnesses. We are called to be living memory of the Lord.
What is worse: the recognizable demon that pushes you to sin so that you feel ashamed, or the well-mannered demon that lives within you and possesses you with the spirit of worldliness? #SantaMarta
Praying is not like using a magic wand. Prayer requires commitment, constancy and determination. #SantaMarta
The newness of the Gospel transfigures us inside and out: spirit, soul, body, and everyday life.
Spend time before the Lord in contemplation, and do everything possible for the Lord at the service of others. Contemplation and service: this is our path of life. #SantaMarta
Each of us is the wounded man, and the Good Samaritan is Jesus, who approached us and took care of us. #SantaMarta
#OurLadyOfTheRosary	#PrayForTheChurch https://t.co/2rw3psySOy
We ask the Lord for the gifts of dialogue and patience, of the closeness and welcome that loves, pardons and doesn't condemn.
Let us ask the Holy Spirit to throw open the doors of our hearts so that Jesus can enter and bring us His message of salvation. #SantaMarta
In a decisive moment of his youth, Saint Francis of Assisi read the Gospel. Still today the Gospel lets you know the living Jesus, it speaks to your heart and it changes your life.
We ask for the grace to listen to one another, in order to discern together what the Lord is asking of His Church. #Synod2018
The presence of our Guardian Angel in our life is not just to assist us along the journey, but to show us where we need to go. #SantaMarta
We fly to Thy protection, O Holy Mother of God. Do not despise our petitions in our necessities, but deliver us always from all dangers, O Glorious and Blessed Virgin. #PrayForTheChurch
The holy anxiety for the Gospel is the only anxiety that gives peace.
Sunday is the day to say to God: thank you Lord, for life, for your mercy, and for all your gifts!
St Michael, help us to fight for our salvation. St Gabriel, bring us the Good News that gives hope. St Raphael, protect us on our journey.
Life becomes more beautiful when we discover that our spirit finds rest in God alone.
Jesus gave us a simple programme for journeying towards holiness: the commandment of love for God and our neighbor.
I hope that a new phase may open up in China, that will help to heal the wounds of the past, restore and maintain full communiion with all Chinese Catholics, and take up the proclamation of the Gospel with renewed commitment. https://t.co/fyMTrtkJFi
Let us pray that programmes for development may predominate in the world, and not those for weapons.
The Lord draws good out of evil through His power and His infinite creativity.
Let us allow the Holy Spirit to clothe us with the weapons of dialogue, understanding, the search for mutual respect and fellowship!
Let us offer our lives in service and in joy, to make known to everyone that Jesus Christ is our only hope!
The witness of St Padre Pio of Pietrelcina encourages us to live the Beatitudes through prayer and works of mercy.
Peace is a choice: it cannot be imposed and it isn’t found by chance.
If you want to reach the heart of God, take the way of mercy, and allow yourself to be treated with mercy. #SantaMarta
We ask that Jesus protect our Church always, that He protect Her with His mercy, granting each one of us His forgiveness. #SantaMarta
Goodness is loving and never imposes itself. It is a choice.
Meek and humble of heart, close to the people, with compassion, with meekness and tenderness. This is Jesus. #SantaMarta
It takes effort to always do good… The road to holiness is not for the lazy!
Let us deal with climate change through international cooperation: each person’s choices have repercussions on the life of everyone.
Only by giving our life do we conquer evil. This is what Don Pino Puglisi teaches: he lived to spread goodness.
In the suffering that ecclesial wounds cause us, we embrace the Cross of Christ, because evil can only be opposed with love.
Today the Church invites us to contemplate the Cross of Our Lord. Contemplating the Cross for us Christians means contemplating both a sign of defeat and a sign of victory. #SantaMarta
When I am merciful, I am a true child of the Father, because the Father is merciful. #SantaMarta
Mary our Mother knows the joys and difficulties that we experience along our journey.
Jesus came down on earth so that we could go up to heaven: this is the mystery of the Cross.
Let us involve ourselves in our relationship of love with Jesus and we will be able to perform good works that have the fragrance of the Gospel.
God never goes back on His love!
May the Virgin Mary help us abandon ourselves with joy to God’s plan for our lives.
Without the right to education there is no real freedom, which allows every person to be the protagonist of their own destiny!
Remember the more you give yourselves to others, the more you will receive and be happy!
Carry peace with you to give it to others with your life, with a smile, with works of charity. Saint Mother Teresa, pray for us!
Faith helps us grasp the meaning of life: God is with us and loves us infinitely.
True peace is a gift of God that springs from healed and reconciled hearts and reaches out to embrace the entire world.
May God's love become more and more the force that guides and directs our freedom.
May the Lord strengthen our efforts to care for our common home, and especially for water, a basic good that must be protected and made available to everyone. https://t.co/yS2OZeJg9I
The love of Christ, welcomed with an open heart, changes us, transforms us, and makes us able to love.
We Christians do not have a product to sell, we communicate Life.
To pray is the first missionary task of every Christian. It is also the most effective.
If the Lord has gifted you with riches, it is in order to do lots of good things for others in His name.
Dear Mothers, be like Saint Monica and never give up. Pray unceasingly for your children.
May God’s blessing come down upon all your families, so that they may be places of love and forgiveness.
I ask our Blessed Mother to intercede for the healing of the survivors of abuse and to confirm every member of our Christian family in the resolve never again to permit these situations to occur.
Is there anything precious that endures at all? Even love itself? Love is God’s dream for us and for the whole human family. Please, never forget this!
Our world needs a revolution of love!  Let that revolution begin with you and your families!
The #Family is an icon of God: the bond between a man and a woman generates life and communion.
The #Family is the cradle of life and the school of love and acceptance. It is a window thrown open to the mystery of God.
We must protect the #Family. Our future depends on it.
The #Family is where hope is forged.
Today the World Meeting of #Families begins in Dublin. Let us join in prayer with all the families of the world, especially those in difficulty. @WMOF2018 @LaityFamilyLife
May the Holy Spirit grant us the grace of conversion and the interior anointing needed to express before crimes of abuse our compunction and our resolve courageously to combat them. https://t.co/3CDnYUBLid
The Eucharist, Jesus the Bread of Life, is the beating heart of the Church and renews in us the impulse to love.
Love overcomes all difficulties. Love gives us the strength to carry on.
By embracing God’s love, we change the world and transform history.
Faith is nourished by memory: how many wonderful things God has done for us! How generous is our heavenly Father!
Mary, Mother of tenderness who is always near, teach us how to live and have faith.
Still today there are so many martyrs, so many who are persecuted for the love of Christ. They are the real strength of the Church!
Thanks to the gift of the Eucharist, our lives too become “bread broken” for our brothers and sisters.
In silence we learn to contemplate God’s works, which surpass all our imagination.
When we place ourselves at the service of our most vulnerable brothers and sisters we experience the joy of unconditional love.
The Kingdom of God grows in a mysterious and surprising way throughout the world with the power of a tiny seed.
Evil tries to convince us that death is the end of everything. But the Risen Christ reveals a new dimension of eternal life!
Jesus reveals the love-filled face of God.
The disciples’ experience on Mount Tabor is an invitation to us to abandon worldly things and to contemplate Jesus.
The Eucharist is our “reservation” for Heaven: Jesus leads us on our journey towards eternal life.
Support your priests with friendship and affection.
More than anything else, the life of a Christian is a grateful response to a generous Father.
Charity is the most effective form of witness, because in it people see the love of God.
Every Church member has a responsibility to become holy, by taking care of others.
Before helping others, we need to have a personal encounter with God: we need time to pray and to listen to His Word.
Hear the cry of our many brothers and sisters who are criminally trafficked and exploited. They are not merchandise. They are human beings, and they must be treated as such. #EndHumanTrafficking @M_RSection
Holiness is not only about the spirit: it is also the feet that take us to our brothers and sisters, and the hands that allow us to help them.
Grandparents are a treasure in the family. Please, take care of your grandparents: love them and let them talk to your children!
Prayer is never in vain: it always brings forth something new that, sooner or later, bears fruit.
God wants us to call Him Father, with the trust of children who abandon themselves in the arms of the One who gave them life.
Jesus invites us to build the civilization of love together in the situations we are called to live every day.
May the Virgin Mary, Mother and Queen of Carmel, accompany you on your daily journey towards the Mountain of God.
Try reading the Gospel for at least five minutes every day. You will see how it changes your life.
Europe rediscovers hope when the human person is at the heart of its institutions. St Benedict, pray for us!
You too are like the Good Samaritan when you recognize the face of Christ in those near you.
Every occasion is a good one to spread Christ's message!
May all humanity hear the cry of the children of the Middle East. Drying their tears the world will get back it's dignity.
The God of all consolation, who heals the broken hearts and takes care of the wounds, hear our prayer: Let there be peace in the Middle East!
The suffering of so many of our brothers and sisters, persecuted for the sake of the Gospel, is an urgent reminder that we Christians must be more united.
Do we know how to silence our hearts and listen to the voice of God?
We receive God's graces to share them with others.
I ask all of you to join me in prayer as I travel to Bari on Saturday on a pilgrimage to pray for peace in the long-suffering Middle East.
When we are firmly united to the God who loves and sustains us, we are able to withstand all life’s difficulties and challenges.
Every kind of material or spiritual poverty, every form of discrimination against our brothers and sisters, comes from turning our backs on God and His love.
Let us pray for the new Cardinals: may they assist me in my ministry as Bishop of Rome, for the good of all God’s people.
We are called to assist the elderly, the sick and the unborn: life must always be protected and loved, from conception to its natural conclusion.
Torture is a mortal sin! Christian communities must commit themselves to helping victims of torture.
Faith in Jesus Christ frees us from sin, sadness, emptiness, isolation. It is the source of a joy that no one can ever take away.
Like St John the Baptist, Christians have to humble themselves so that the Lord can grow in their hearts.
Let us ask our Lord to help us understand that love is service, love means taking care of others.
Love for others needs to become the constant factor of our lives.
Praying together, walking together, working together: this is the way that leads to Christian unity. #WCC70
Dear young people, help us adults whose hearts are often hardened. Help us to choose the path of dialogue and harmony.
A person's dignity does not depend on them being a citizen, a migrant, or a refugee. Saving the life of someone fleeing war and poverty is an act of humanity. #WithRefugees @M_RSection
We encounter Jesus in those who are poor, rejected, or refugees. Do not let fear get in the way of welcoming our neighbour in need. #WithRefugees @M_RSection
Choosing to follow Christ helps build a more just, more friendly, more humane society, that is closer to the heart of God.
Let us try to express the joy of God’s Kingdom in every way possible!
Let us share the journey of refugees and migrants with concrete gestures of solidarity. #sharejourney https://t.co/JzbCKhVP1O
Invite the Holy Spirit to be part of your activities. Call upon Him before you even start: “Come, Holy Spirit!”.
Love is always at the service of others. Because love is seen in actions, not words.
I send my cordial greetings to all those following the World Soccer Championships that begin today in Russia. I hope this sports event may be a positive opportunity for encounter and fellowship.
No one is so poor they cannot give what they have, but first and foremost, who they are.
Never tire of encountering Jesus in prayer, in listening to the Word of God, and in receiving the Eucharist.
Children must be able to play, study and grow in a peaceful environment. Woe to anyone who stifles their joyful impulse to hope!
The Holy Spirit gives us the strength we need to achieve holiness in the midst of our everyday lives.
Whatever we do, let us sustain the voice of the Holy Spirit through practical good deeds and actions.
Mary is exactly what God wants His Church to be: a loving and humble Mother, poor in possessions but rich in love.
Let us ask the Lord to give us good priests: hardworking men, men of prayer, who are close to God’s people.
The Feast of the Sacred Heart reminds us that God loved us first: He is always waiting for us, welcoming us into His heart, into His love.
For those who are with Jesus, evil is just a provocation to love even more.
Loving Christ is not a superficial sentiment. It is an attitude of the heart that we demonstrate when we live as He wants us to.
Lord, reawaken in us a sense of praise and gratitude for our Earth, and for everything you have created.
The living presence of Christ within us is the light that guides our choices, the flame that warms our hearts as we go to meet the Lord.
On this Feast of Corpus Christi, we need to remember that Jesus, the Bread of Life, is our strength and support on life's journey.
Seek the Lord in prayer: He is the one who has called you.
Love can recognize good things even in bad situations. Love keeps a tiny flame alight even in the darkest night.
The Eucharist contains all the flavour of Jesus’ words and deeds, the taste of His Death and Resurrection, the fragrance of His Spirit.
When the Holy Spirit is present, something always happens. Where blows the Spirit, things are never at a standstill.
The Eucharist gives us the strength to produce the fruits of good works, and to live true Christian lives.
What lasts? What has value in life? What treasures don’t disappear?	Definitely two: God and our neighbor.
The mystery of the Blessed Trinity invites us to live in communion with one another, in love and in sharing: certain that wherever there is love, there is God.
The Gospel calls us to live outside our comfort zone, because anyone who follows Jesus, loves the poor and the lowly.
Love of God and love of neighbour should be the two cornerstones of our lives.
Today we are united in prayer with our Catholic brothers and sisters in China, on the Feast of Our Lady Help of Christians of Sheshan.
A Church that loves the poor is always tuned to the God Channel. It never loses the Gospel signal.
A Christian’s life should be invested in Jesus, and spent for others.
God needs people who bring His forgiveness and His mercy into the world.
Holy Spirit, you who sustain the Church, come down upon us again, teach us unity, renew our hearts, and help us to love as Jesus taught us.
Never forget this golden rule: “Do to others what you would have them do to you” (Mt 7,12)
Mary lived Jesus’ Beatitudes like no other: she is saintly among the saints, she shows us the way to holiness and accompanies us.
God loves us in a way that crushes all loneliness and isolation.
I express my great sorrow over the dead and wounded in the Holy Land and the Middle East. Violence never leads to peace. Therefore, I call on all sides involved and the international community to renew efforts so that dialogue, justice and peace may prevail.
There is no love without works of charity. Service towards our brothers and sisters springs from the heart that loves.
The Family is the hope of the future. Let us pray especially for families facing serious difficulties: may Our Lord assist them.
There is no freedom greater than letting yourself be guided by the Holy Spirit and allowing Him to lead you wherever he wishes.
I invite communications professionals to promote a journalism of peace at the service of all people, especially those without a voice. #WorldCommunicationsDay
Our Lady of Fatima, turn your gaze towards us, towards our families, our country, and the world.
Your response to Jesus cannot be conditioned by momentary calculations and convenience. It must be a life-long “yes”.
We begin building peace in our homes, streets, and workplaces: wherever we craft communion and community.
The Ascension of the Risen Jesus contains the promise that we too will participate in the fullness of life with God.
We are Christians to the extent that we allow Jesus Christ to live in us.
Our Lady Queen of the Rosary, pray that Jesus may have mercy on us sinners.
Convert our hearts, Lord, so that love may spread here on earth.
How wonderful to be “envoys of hope”, simple and joyful messengers of the Easter acclamation.
Every insult, injury or act of violence inflicted upon our neighbour, offends God our Father and Creator.
Joyfully performing works of charity for those who are suffering in mind and body, is the most authentic way to live the Gospel.
In the Cross, Jesus showed us the greatness of His love and the power of His mercy.
Praying means being with God, experiencing God, loving God.
Today, at the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Divine Love, as we recite the Rosary, we pray especially for peace in Syria and throughout the world. I invite you to pray the Rosary for peace during the entire month of May.
We celebrate St Joseph the Worker, never forgetting that work is a fundamental aspect of human dignity.
Be one with Christ when you pray, take care of your most vulnerable brothers and sisters, and work for peace.
Do we really want peace? Then let’s ban all weapons so we don’t have to live in fear of war.
I am deeply moved by the death of little Alfie. Today I pray especially for his parents, as God the Father receives him in his tender embrace.
The Lord Jesus communicates His love for us, so that we can love God and our neighbor as He has loved us, by giving His life for us.
When we are open to God’s grace, even the impossible becomes possible.
God alone can give us true happiness. It's useless wasting time looking for it elsewhere: in wealth, pleasure, and power.
Authentic Christians are not afraid of opening up to others, of sharing their living spaces and transforming them into places of solidarity.
Life only fully makes sense when it is given as a gift. It becomes tasteless when it is lived for itself alone.
Moved by the prayers and immense solidarity shown little Alfie Evans, I renew my appeal that the suffering of his parents may be heard and that their desire to seek new forms of treatment may be granted.
The Word of God is the lamp with which we look to the future: its light allows us to read the signs of the times.
Let us follow the example of St Francis of Assisi and take care of our common Home.
God calls each one of us, and each call is a gift that should fill us with joy.
When we are full of self-importance, we leave no space for God. So let us ask the Lord for a conversion of heart.
All it takes to encounter God is to acknowledge that we are needy. And the key to that encounter lies in humbling ourselves.
Today we recall the words of Don Tonino Bello: "Works of charity are not enough, unless those works are done with charity".
Mercy opens the doors of the heart because it makes us feel like we are all children of one Father.
The Christian vocation means being a brother or sister to everyone, especially if they are poor, and even if they are an enemy.
God asks us little and gives us a lot. He asks us to open our hearts and to welcome Him and the most vulnerable of our brothers and sisters.
Those who protect children are on God’s side and triumph over those who oppress them. Let us free every child from every form of exploitation.
While I continue to pray unceasingly for peace, and invite all people of good will to do the same, I renew my appeal to all those with political responsibilities to ensure that justice and peace prevail.
The Church is young because the Gospel is its lifeblood and regenerates it constantly.
We are all called to be holy by living our lives with love and by bearing witness in everything we do. #GaudeteetExsultate
The holiness to which the Lord calls you grows through small gestures in everyday life. #GaudeteetExsultate
Saints are distinguished by a spirit of prayer and a need for communion with God. There is no holiness without prayer. #Holiness
Holiness is the most attractive face of the Church. #SaintsToday
The word "happy" or "blessed" becomes a synonym for "holy", because those faithful to God, by their self-giving, gain true happiness. #GaudeteetExsultate
Keeping a heart free of all that tarnishes love, sowing peace all around us, accepting daily the path of the Gospel, even though it may cause us problems: that is holiness. #SaintsToday
Being poor of heart, reacting with meekness and humility, knowing how to mourn with others, hungering and thirsting for righteousness, seeing and acting with mercy: that is holiness. #SaintsToday
Are you in a position of authority? Be holy by working for the common good and renouncing personal gain. #GaudeteetExsultate
Are you a parent or grandparent? Be holy by patiently teaching the little ones how to follow Jesus. #SaintsToday
Do you work for a living? Be holy by labouring with integrity and skill in the service of your brothers and sisters. #Holiness
Are you married? Be holy by loving and caring for your husband or wife, as Christ does for the Church. #GaudeteetExsultate
Are you called to the consecrated life?  Be holy by living out your commitment with joy. #SaintsToday
The Lord calls each of us to holiness, you too. #Holiness
I wish to repropose the call to holiness: “Rejoice and be glad”. #GaudeteetExsultate https://t.co/cZxmUGpMW7
Today God is still searching for hearts like Mary's, hearts that are ready to trust in Him completely.
God covers us with His mercy, He enfolds us in Christ, so that we can become instruments of His goodness.
Like the Good Samaritan, let us take care of those who are sick and suffering! #WorldHealthDay
The Word of God is a light in the darkness: it helps us face our difficulties without fear.
Let us go forward with the joy of Jesus' Resurrection, knowing He is always by our side!
It is my sincere hope that everything necessary may be done in order to continue compassionately accompanying little Alfie Evans, and that the deep suffering of his parents may be heard.  I am praying for Alfie, for his family and for all who are involved.
Love is the only invincible weapon, because it has the power to disarm the forces of evil.
May Christ who conquered the darkness of sin and death, grant us peace in our days.
As we contemplate Christ’s empty tomb, let us renew our belief that nothing is lost with Him!
Today we repeat that wondrous proclamation: “The Lord is truly risen, as He said!”. A Blessed Easter to you all!
Our faith is born on Easter morning: Jesus is alive! This experience is at the heart of the Christian message.
Look upon Christ Crucified: our hope for eternal life is born in Him.
Through the Eucharist we enter Christ’s paschal mystery, allowing us to pass from death to life with Him.
Anyone who turns away from the Cross, turns away from the Resurrection.
Jesus changes our sins into forgiveness and our fears into trust. In His Cross our hope is reborn again and again.
Christ, teach us never to be ashamed of your Cross!
Please, let us fight together against the crime of human exploitation, which continues to cause unspeakable suffering.
Dear young people, never get tired of being instruments of peace and joy among your peers!
We enter this Holy Week with the Lord Jesus in order to celebrate Easter with hearts that are renewed by the grace of the Holy Spirit.
The Word of God invites us to connect our ears to our hearts, and our hearts to our hands, in order to do good deeds.
Now is the time to be reconciled with God. Staying on the path of evil is only a source of sadness.
To defend the earth and to safeguard water is to protect life.
Nobody can be discarded, because we are all vulnerable. Each one of us is a treasure whom God allows to grow in his or her own way. #Downsyndrome, #WDSD18
Dear fathers, happy Feast of St. Joseph! Follow his example when caring for your children as they grow up in wisdom and grace.
As we listen to the aspirations of young people, may we catch a glimpse of the world that lies ahead, and of the roads the Church is called to travel. #Synod2018
Jesus made Himself like the grain of wheat that falls to the ground and dies to give life. Our hope springs from that love-filled life.
Lent is the road that leads from slavery to freedom, from suffering to joy, from death to life.
In order to prepare a truly human future, it is not enough to reject evil. We must build the common good together.
If we encounter Jesus and our brothers and sisters every day, our hearts will not dwell in the past or the future. They will live in God's present moment, in peace with everyone.
When we allow Jesus to enter our lives we discover the secret to keeping alive the flame of our spiritual life.
Living the encounter with Jesus means allowing yourself to be turned inside out by Grace every day.
What would happen to us if God did not always give us the chance to start over again?
If we dedicate more time to prayer, our hearts will reveal the lies with which we deceive ourselves, and we will find true consolation in God.
In the Sacrament of Reconciliation we find our way back to the Lord, and rediscover the meaning of life.
With so much to do, we often neglect what is really important: our spiritual lives, and our relationship with God. So let's stop and take time to pray!
I thank all women who every day strive to build more humane and welcoming societies.
If sometimes the flame of charity seems to die in our hearts, it never dies in the heart of God!
Let us learn to recognize that which leaves a good and lasting mark on our hearts, knowing that it comes from God.
God, who cannot be outdone in generosity, still uses you and me to help our brothers and sisters.
When you meet other people in the Lord, you can be sure God’s surprises will follow.
Almsgiving helps us to recognize our neighbour as our brother or sister, and to acknowledge that what we possess is never our's alone.
Fasting makes us more alert and attentive to God and our neighbour, and reminds us that He alone can satisfy our hunger.
God in His providence offers us the season of Lent each year as a chance to return to Him with all our hearts and in every aspect of our lives.
We can support one another, and face every kind of challenge with courage and hope, when we draw our strength from Jesus.
We are all called to live the joy that comes from the encounter with Jesus, to overcome our selfishness, and to move beyond our comfort zone.
If we want a future of prosperity for all, we need to keep our compass pointing toward “true North”, in the direction of authentic values.
Let us invoke the gift of peace for the whole world, especially for those people who are suffering most because of ongoing conflicts.
We offer a gift pleasing to Jesus when we spend time with a person who has difficulties or we help someone for the sake of helping.
Our Heavenly Father always listens to His children when they cry out to Him in their pain. Today let us offer the Lord a Day of prayer and fasting for peace.
I wish you all a fruitful Lenten journey, and I ask you to pray for me and my collaborators as we begin our week of Spiritual Exercises.
Only those able to acknowledge their mistakes and ask pardon receive understanding and forgiveness from others.
The message of Jesus is troubling and disturbs us because it challenges worldly religious power and stirs consciences.
In our daily lives we experience the tenderness of God who lovingly saves us from our sins, fears and anxieties.
When we confess our sins with humility and sincerity, we receive forgiveness and are reunited with God and our brothers and sisters.
We need the Holy Spirit to transmit the faith. We cannot do it alone.
I feel deep pain for the many children torn from their families and forced to become child soldiers. This is a tragedy!
To serve human life is to serve God and life at every stage: from the womb of the mother, to the suffering and sickness of old age.
May the sick always be shown love in their fragility and respected in their inviolable dignity.
The Lord is present in our lives, showing us all His love and encouraging us to respond with generosity.
Christians are called to keep alive the memory of how much God has done through them.
We cannot remain silent before the suffering of millions of people whose dignity has been wounded.
Let us welcome victims of human trafficking, and all those fleeing from war and hunger, with a compassionate heart.
As we grow in our spiritual lives, we realize how Grace comes to us and to others, and must be shared with everyone.
All of us are called to commit ourselves to protecting minors in the digital world.
One who is aware of his own wretchedness and lowers his gaze with humility feels God’s merciful gaze set upon him.
Jesus wants to be found by those who look for Him. But to look for Him we have to get up and go out.
A life of faith means wanting to be with the Lord, and that means constantly searching for Him wherever He is.
May every person come to Christ, the Light of Truth, and may the world advance along the path of justice and peace.
A faith that does not trouble us is a troubled faith. A faith that does not make us grow is a faith that needs to grow.
Jesus is our mediator, who reconciles us not only with the Father but also with each other.
Goodness, together with love, justice and solidarity, are not achieved once and for all; they have to be realized each day.
Through prayer we can enter into a stable relationship with God, the source of true joy.
I pray for those who suffer from Hansen’s Disease and I encourage those who are committed to their care and reintegration into society.
Here we are, Lord, ashamed of what humanity, made in your image and likeness, is capable of doing. Remember us in your mercy.
Christian joy cannot be bought. It comes from faith and from meeting Jesus Christ, who is the reason for our happiness.
Prayer allows us to see one another the way God our Father sees us, and to realize that we are brothers and sisters.
I would like to invite everyone to promote a journalism of peace, a journalism created by people for people.
The most radical antidote to the virus of falsehood is purification by the truth.
There is no such thing as harmless disinformation; trusting in falsehood can have dire consequences.
Prayer that purifies, strengthens and illuminates our path is like fuel for our journey towards full Christian unity.
I am grateful to all who have accompanied me on my pilgrimage to Chile and Peru in so many ways, especially with prayer.
The Lord calls you today to travel with Him through the city, your city. He calls you to be His missionary disciple.
Don't waste time hiding your heart. Fill your life with the Holy Spirit!
There is no better medicine to heal so many wounds than a heart capable of mercy.
Praise to you, Lord, for this wonderful creation that is the Amazon people, and for all the biodiversity these lands contain!
Every life counts: from the beginning to the end, from conception to natural death
The Gospel message is a source of joy: a joy that spreads from generation to generation and which we inherit.
Listening to religious teaching or learning a doctrine is not enough. What we want is to live as Jesus lived.
We pray to God for the courage to ask forgiveness and to learn how to listen to what he is saying to us.
I ask you to accompany me on my journey to Chile and Peru in your prayers.
We should work to accommodate, to protect, to promote and to integrate whoever is forced to leave their own home and undergo moments of real difficulty. @M_RSection
We must not wait to be perfect before responding to the Lord who calls us, but rather open our hearts to His voice.
The encounter with God and our brothers and sisters cannot wait just because we are slow or lazy. We are called to that encounter today!
If we fail to suffer with those who suffer, even those of different religions, languages or cultures, we need to question our own humanity.
The more we are rooted in Christ, the more we rediscover interior peace, even in the midst of daily challenges.
A joyful soul is like healthy soil in which life can thrive and produce good fruit.
Joy, prayer and gratitude are three ways that help us live authentically.
Let us share the joy of our Christian brothers and sisters of the East who are celebrating Christmas today.
Baptism is also called ‘illumination’, because faith illuminates the heart and allows us to see things in a different light.
Like the Magi, believers are led by faith to seek God in the most hidden places, knowing that the Lord waits for them there.
God walks along the dusty paths of our lives and responds to our longing for love and happiness by calling us to joy.
God became a child to be closer to the men and women of every time, and to show us His infinite tenderness.
In the name of Jesus, with our witness, we can prove that peace is possible.
In the simplicity of the nativity scene we encounter and contemplate the tenderness of God which reveals itself in the Baby Jesus.
Let us nurture the seeds of peace as they grow and let us transform our cities into workshops of peace.
The Family is the harmonious union of differences between a man and a woman. When it’s open to life and to others it’s even more authentic.
During these days let us give space to attitudes and gestures that favour peace.
Modesty is a virtue that is essential for anyone who wants to be like Jesus, who is meek and humble of heart.
Today we pray for all the children who are not allowed to be born, who cry with hunger, who hold weapons in their hands instead of toys.
God is in love with us. He draws us to Him with tenderness by being born poor and fragile among us, like one of us.
Today we want to remember all those who suffer persecution. We want to be close to them with our affection and our prayers.
Stop and look at the nativity scene: let us enter the true spirit of Christmas with the shepherds, bringing Baby Jesus all that we are.
Contemplating the Baby Jesus, with His humble and infinite love, let us say to Him, very simply: “Thank you for doing all this for me!”
If we really want to celebrate Christmas, let’s contemplate this image: the fragile simplicity of a new-born baby. That’s where God is.
Let us free Christmas from the worldliness that has taken it hostage! The true spirit of Christmas is the beauty of being loved by God.
Without love, both life and faith are worthless.
Heaven doesn’t value what you have, but what you give.
Go out to meet Jesus, spend time with Him in prayer, and entrust your whole life to His merciful love.
Every stranger that knocks at our door is an opportunity to meet Jesus Christ.
May the Lord grant us the wisdom to seek that which is worthwhile and to love, not with our words but with our actions.
We become holy when we work for others. When we do so, we continue the creative action of God in history.
Even if there were no one else left to remember us, Jesus would always be there at our side.
I encourage all of you to live the joy of your mission by witnessing to the Gospel wherever you are called to live and work.
Christians are called to work concretely in the realities of this world, illuminating them with the light that comes from God.
Thank you for following @Pontifex which turns five years old today. May social media always be spaces that are rich in humanity!
We ask for the grace to make our faith more and more operative through acts of charity.
Political activity must truly be conducted at the service of the human person, with respect for creation and for the common good.
We must fight corruption with determination. It is an evil based on the worship of money and it offends human dignity.
May the Virgin Mary always be our refuge, our consolation, and the way that leads to Christ.
We all possess God-given talents. No one can claim to be so poor that they have nothing to offer others.
No child of God can be discarded in His eyes. He entrusts a mission to each one of us.
We are all beggars before the love of God, a love that gives meaning to our existence and that offers us eternal life.
Faith becomes tangible when it finds its expression in love and, especially, in the service of our brothers and sisters in difficulty.
Every person is unique and unrepeatable. Let us ensure the disabled are always welcomed by the communities in which they live.
Dear friends in Myanmar and Bangladesh, thank you for your welcome! Upon you I invoke divine blessings of harmony and peace.
May the wisdom of God help us to know how to welcome and accept those who think and act differently from us.
How much openness is needed to welcome people who feel alone and confused as they search for a meaning in life!
The most holy name of God can never be invoked to justify hatred and violence against other human beings.
The love of Christ is like a “spiritual GPS” that guides us unerringly towards God and towards the heart of our neighbor.
I want my visit to embrace all the people of Myanmar and to encourage the building of an inclusive society.
Let us look to Jesus today and say to Him in our hearts: "Remember me, Lord, now that you are in your Kingdom!"
As I prepare to visit Myanmar and Bangladesh, I wish to send a message of greeting and friendship to everyone. I can't wait to meet you!
There is also hope for those who have done wrong. Jesus came for this: it is possible to be reconciled with God and begin a new life.
At the end of time, when the Lord comes to meet us, our joy will be immense. We live in anticipation of this encounter!
When we encounter others, do we bring them the warmth of charity or do we stay closed up and warm only ourselves before our fireplace?
May Mary's pure and simple smile be a source of joy for each one of us as we face life’s difficulties.
Let us work together to ensure that children continue to smile: their faces serene, filled with joy and hope. #WorldChildrensDay
On this day, I invite the entire Church to keep its gaze fixed on those who hold out their hands asking for our solidarity.
Without the support of the prayers of the faithful, the Successor of Peter cannot fulfill his mission in the world. I am counting on you too!
We need to encounter the poor and learn how to share so that it becomes a way of life.
Poverty is not an accident. It has causes that must be recognized and removed for the good of so many of our brothers and sisters.
Faith is a great life companion, allowing us to feel the presence of a Father who never leaves His creatures alone.
Nothing and nobody can block the light that Christ puts in our hearts and on the face of His friends.
A Christian can never be a pessimist!
We cannot change the world alone, but together we can spread the joy of the Gospel by staying close to those most in need.
Let us remember in our prayers all those who, with dedication and spirit of sacrifice, care for those who are ill.
Science expresses its full dignity when it serves the integral development of the person and the human family.
May a culture of encounter always be promoted that is able to bring down the walls which still divide the world.
Only faith can transform the end of our earthly life into the beginning of eternal life.
Jesus of Nazareth walks at our side and introduces us, by his words and the signs he performs, to the great mystery of the Father’s love.
War always causes serious damage to the environment. We must not mistreat our common home, but take care of it for future generations.
Christ was victorious over death. He is our resurrection and our life. Be witnesses to this message of hope.
The Church needs faithful people who proclaim the Gospel with enthusiasm and wisdom, instilling hope and faith.
When we pray, we need to have the courage of faith. Have trust that the Lord hears us!
We are all small and defenceless before the mystery of death, but what a grace if at that moment we keep in our heart the flame of faith!
Dear friends, the world needs saints and we are all called to holiness without exception. Don’t be afraid!
May the Virgin Mary help us to take the first step each day in order to build peace in love, justice and truth.
Learn from wonder; nurture astonishment. Live, love, believe. And, with the grace of God, never despair.
I invite you to keep your eyes fixed on Jesus Christ in order to learn from Him how to love with all your heart.
Remember the sufferings of every person in your heart. Then bring them all to God in your prayers.
God loves us with a love so rich in mercy that He constantly welcomes us, protects and forgives us.
The culture of encounter means recognizing that we are all children of God, despite our differences.
Be courageous witnesses to Christ in the places where you live and work.
Let us all work together to promote peace among peoples and guarantee respect for human rights.
Jesus gave us the light which shines in the darkness. Defend and protect this light: it is the greatest treasure entrusted to you.
Today, as we remember Saint John Paul II, let us also recall his words: “Do not be afraid! Open wide the doors for Christ!”
On this day, let us remember that the Church is missionary by nature: mission is at the heart of Christian faith. #Missio
The Church is truly alive if it is maternal and missionary and goes out to meet others.
Let us bring the flame of Christ’s love to humanity which needs true happiness and peace so much.
Let yourself be guided by the tenderness of God so that you may transform the world with your faith.
May artists spread the beauty of the faith and proclaim the grandeur of God’s creation and His boundless love for all.
It is the duty of the human family to help free every single person from poverty and hunger.
Sharing requires conversion, and this is a challenge. #ZeroHunger
Ensuring everyone’s right to food and nourishment is an imperative we cannot ignore. It is a right to which there are no exceptions!
Along with the Saints, let the joy and beauty of living the Gospel shine through the witness of our lives.
We are called to defend and safeguard human life, especially in the mother’s womb, in infancy, old age and physical or mental disability.
In this centenary of the apparitions of Our Lady of Fatima, we thank God for the countless blessings we have received under her protection.
The statue of Our Lady of Aparecida was found by poor workers. May Mary bless all of us, but especially those seeking employment.
Like Saint John XXIII, whom we remember today, let us witness to God’s goodness and mercy before the Church and the world.
God does not disappoint! He has placed hope in our hearts so that it can blossom and bear fruit.
The search for peace is an open-ended task, a responsibility that never ends and that demands the commitment of everyone.
When you experience bitterness, put your faith in all those who still work for good: in their humility lies the seed of a new world.
The Rosary is a synthesis of the mysteries of Christ: we contemplate them with Mary, who allows us to see with her eyes of faith and love.
Let us ensure that the Internet is a safe and richly human place for children: a network that does not entrap them but helps them to grow.
The mission of schools and teachers is to develop an understanding of all that is true, good and beautiful.
Like Saint Francis of Assisi, let us be transformed by the love of Christ in order to live in simplicity and joy.
Only in the silence of prayer can you learn to listen to the voice of God.
Our guardian angel is a friend we do not see, but whose presence we feel. He accompanies us on our earthly journey to heaven.
Like Saint Thérèse of the Child Jesus, let us learn from the humility of God who became small for us.
In our times we need to pray so much – Christians, Jews, and Muslims – for peace.
I have chosen this theme for World Communications Day 2018: “The truth will set you free” (Jn 8:32). Fake news and journalism for peace.
Today is the Feast of the Archangels Michael, Gabriel, and Raphael. Let us call on them so that we are always reminded of God’s presence.
Encountering Jesus can give a decisive direction to our life, filling it with meaning.
#ShareJourney https://t.co/cV9MN3PjeV
Let us share without fear the journey of migrants and refugees. #ShareJourney
Let us commit ourselves to a world without nuclear weapons by implementing the Non-Proliferation Treaty to abolish these weapons of death.
Charity is more authentic and incisive when it is lived in communion.
Joy multiplies when you share it!
If we are faithful to Christ and do good works, we can spread the light of God’s hope.
The Gospel invites us first of all to answer to God, who loves us and saves us, and to recognize Him in our neighbor.
I appeal for peace and disarmament: in this world wounded by violence, we need fraternity among peoples.
Hope is the virtue of a heart that does not close itself in darkness or remain locked in the past, but looks towards the future.
Let us work together to find concrete solutions to help the poor, refugees, victims of modern forms of slavery, in order to promote peace.
Let us find the courage to purify our hearts by removing the rocks and thorns which choke the Word of God.
The more Jesus occupies the centre of our lives, the more He allows us to come out of ourselves and brings us closer to others.
Global action is needed in order to reduce pollution and at the same time promote development in poorer countries.
The Lord does not leave us orphans: we have a Mother, the same one as Jesus. Mary takes care of us and always defends us.
In the Cross our hope is reborn. Hope born of the Cross is different from that of the world, because it is born of the love of Jesus.
War is the negation of all rights. Let us pray for those who have the responsibility to avoid war between peoples.
I encourage world leaders to set aside partisan and ideological interests and seek together the common good of all humanity.
Dear Colombian brothers and sisters, thank you! I have met so many people who have touched my heart. You have done me a world of good!
To “take the first step” is, above all, to go out and meet others with Christ the Lord.
Charity helps us to know the truth and truth calls for acts of kindness.
Our contagious joy must be our first testimony to the closeness and love of God.
Today there are many who hunger for God, who hunger for dignity. As Christians, we must help them to be satiated by God.
Truth is an inseparable companion of justice and mercy.
Reconciliation is consolidated by the contribution of all. It enables us to build the future and makes hope grow.
Dear young people, do not be afraid of the future! Dare to dream big! Keep joy alive, a sign of a young heart that has encountered the Lord.
I encourage you to entrust yourselves to the Lord, who is the only one who helps and inspires us to contribute to reconciliation and peace.
Dear Friends, please pray for me and all of Colombia, where I will be travelling for a journey dedicated to reconciliation and peace.
Like Mother Teresa, may we open up opportunities of joy and hope for the many who are discouraged and need understanding and tenderness.
Jesus is present in so many of our brothers and sisters who suffer today like He did.
It is much more important to realize how much God loves us, than how much we ourselves love Him.
Jesus is always there with an open heart. He throws open the mercy that he has in his heart. He forgives, embraces, and understands.
Lord, teach us to contemplate you in the beauty of creation and reawaken our gratitude and sense of responsibility.
If you pay attention to the heart, you will find you are close to the Lord and to others.
The Gospel invites us to answer first and foremost to God who loves us and saves us, recognising Him in our neighbour.
“You made us unto Yourself, and our heart is restless until it rests in you”. (St Augustine’s “Confessions”)
Today how many mothers shed tears, like St Monica, so that their children will return to Christ! Do not lose hope in God’s grace!
May the Virgin Mary obtain for us the grace to be enlivened by the Holy Spirit, so we can witness to Christ with evangelical honesty.
Being men and women of the Church means being men and women of communion.
Humanity needs hope in order to live and needs the Holy Spirit in order to hope.
The Lord is close to all those who are victims of old and new forms of slavery: inhuman labour, illegal trafficking and exploitation.
When we are feeling sad, when it feels like everything is going wrong, we should remember: “God loves me. God never abandons me”.
May the Holy Spirit grant peace to the whole world and heal the wounds of war and terrorism.
We always need to rediscover God’s love and mercy in order to develop our relationship with Him.
I pray for all the victims of the attacks of these days. May the blind violence of terrorism no longer find room to exist in this world!
May nothing stop you from living and growing in your Heavenly Father’s friendship, and from witnessing to His infinite goodness and mercy.
Mary’s Assumption regards our future: it turns our gaze heavenward announcing the new heaven and new earth with Christ’s victory.
The journey of entrusting ourselves to the Lord begins every day, starting each morning.
In Mary we see that humility is not a virtue of the weak but of the strong who don’t have to treat others badly to feel important.
Dear young people, you are the hope of the Church. Do you dream about your future? Then take part in #synod18! https://t.co/XNDm29yp3s
When something makes us suffer, let us listen to the voice of Jesus in our hearts: “Do not fear! Go ahead! I am with you!”
Jesus does not leave us alone because we are precious to Him.
In witnessing to the faith what counts is not success, but fidelity to Christ.
Today we give glory to God for the work of Saint Dominic in the service of the Gospel which he preached with his words and his life.
Forgiveness sets our hearts free and allows us to start anew.  Forgiveness gives hope. Without forgiveness, the Church is not built up.
Hope is the virtue of a heart that doesn't lock itself into darkness, that doesn't dwell on the past, but is able to see a tomorrow.
Other people are gifts to be received with respect, especially if they are weak and frail, because Christ comes to meet us in them.
In the name of Jesus we can make known, through our witness, that peace is possible!
The Gospel is Good News filled with contagious joy, for it contains and offers new life.
We effectively do good when we do it without seeking reward and in the concrete situations of everyday life.
Like Saint Ignatius of Loyola, let us be won over by the Lord Jesus and, led by Him, place ourselves at the service of others.
We call on all people of faith and good will to take action and oppose modern slavery in all its forms.
I entrust little Charlie to the Father and pray for his parents and all those who loved him.
How important grandparents are for family life, for passing on the human and religious heritage so essential for each and every society!
When we need help, let us turn to the Father who always looks on us with love and never abandons us.
We must overcome all forms of racism, of intolerance and of the instrumentalization of the human person.
Let us be led by the Virgin Mary on the path that leads to the holy mountain that is Christ, where God and man meet.
Europe has a unique patrimony of ideals and spiritual values, one that deserves to be proposed again with passion and renewed vigour.
I entrust sailors, fishermen, and all those in difficulty on the seas faraway from home, to the motherly protection of Mary, Star of the Sea
Migrants are our brothers and sisters in search of a better life, far away from poverty, hunger, and war.
How beautiful it is to see when young people are “street preachers”, joyfully bringing Jesus to every street and every corner of the earth!
A Christian’s mission in the world is splendid, it is a mission intended for everyone, it is a mission of service, excluding no one!
To defend human life, above all when it is wounded by illness, is a duty of love that God entrusts to all.
There is great need to feed Christian hope, which gives us a new view capable of discovering and seeing the good.
May we entrust ourselves to the intercession of Sts Peter and Paul in order to give witness to God’s liberating action on us.
God looks with love upon every one of us.
Sharpen your gaze in order to see the signs God shows us in reality.
I repeat the firm condemnation of every form of torture and call on everyone to work for its abolishment and support victims and families.
Each one of us is precious; each one of us is irreplaceable in God’s eyes.
Mercy warms the heart and makes it sensitive to the needs of brothers and sisters with sharing and participation.
Go forth and reach out to all people at the margins of society! Go there and be the Church, with the strength of the Holy Spirit.
Let us not be distracted by the false wisdom of this world, but to follow Jesus as the one sure guide who gives meaning to our life.
We must not turn our backs on the new forms of poverty and marginalization that prevent people from living a life of dignity.
The personal encounter with refugees dispels fears and distorted ideologies and becomes a factor for growth in humanity. @M_RSection
None of us is an island, autonomous and independent from others. We can only build the future by standing together, including everyone.
Jesus was broken; he is broken for us. This is the Eucharist. And he asks us to give ourselves, to break ourselves, as it were, for others.
Care for the environment is always a social concern as well. Let us hear both the cry of the earth and the cry of the poor.
Love requires a creative, concrete response. Good intentions are not enough. The other is not a statistic, but a person to take care of.
Everyone's existence is tied to that of others: life is not time merely passing by, life is about interactions.
There is much need of prayer and penitence to implore the grace of conversion and an end to the many wars throughout the world.
In his passion, Jesus took upon himself all our suffering. He knows the meaning of pain, he understands and comforts us, giving us strength.
The Church shines forth when she is missionary, welcoming, free, faithful, poor in means and rich in love.
The Feast of the Most Holy Trinity invites us to be a leaven of communion, consolation and mercy.
Life can survive only because of the generosity of other lives.
Each one of us, as a living member of the Body of Christ, is called to work for unity and peace.
Humility and tenderness are not virtues of the weak, but of the strong.
The Church needs everyday saints, those of ordinary life carried out with coherence.
Let’s always remember that our faith is concrete: the Word became flesh, not an idea!
We must never forget that the natural environment is a collective good, the patrimony of all humanity and the responsibility of everyone.
Let us allow ourselves to be humbly led by the Holy Spirit in order to avoid taking the wrong road and closing our hearts.
Let us promote with courage all necessary means to protect the lives of our children.
Through the darkness of today's conflicts, every one of us can become a bright candle, a reminder that light will overcome darkness.
I thank God for parents who strive to live in love and keep moving forward, even if they fall many times along the way.
Let us learn from the strong and helpful faith of our Mother Mary in order to become living signs of God’s mercy.
Christian joy comes from the Holy Spirit, who gives us true freedom and the gift of bringing Jesus to our brothers and sisters.
The motherly presence of Mary reminds us that God never tires of lowering himself in mercy over humanity.
I encourage everyone to engage in constructive forms of communication that reject prejudice towards others and foster hope and trust today.
Let us pray for our Coptic brethren in Egypt who were killed because they did not want to renounce the faith.
The future of our societies requires concrete action in favor of life on the part of everyone and especially institutions.
With the Ascension of Jesus, we participate in the fullness of life with God. Let us carry this in our hearts in our daily lives.
Let us pray with Catholics in China, entrusting ourselves to Mary, for the grace to endure patiently and overcome challenges with love.
讓我們與中國天主教徒一同祈禱，將我們託付於聖母瑪利亞，好使我們有足夠的恩寵藉著耐心和愛去克服一切困難。
Dialogue allows us to plan for a future in common. Through dialogue we build peace, taking care of everyone.
We are called to live not as one without others, above or against others, but with and for others.
Mary teaches us to place our hope in God even when all seems without meaning, even when He seems hidden.
Peace must be built on justice, on integral human development, on respect for human rights, on the protection of creation.
Let us seek to always hold high the “tone” of our life, remembering the goal and glory for which we exist, work, struggle and suffer.
God makes His most beautiful flowers grow among the driest stones.
Our hope is the Lord Jesus whom we recognize as living and present in us and in our brothers and sisters.
Jesus asks to be looked in the eye, to be acknowledged, to be loved.
Let us ask for the grace to follow Jesus faithfully, not in words but in deeds, and to have the patience to carry our own cross.
Let us all ask for the gift to understand God’s word.
Fatima is more than anything this mantle of Light where we take refuge when we ask the Virgin Mary: “show unto us Jesus”.
Whenever we look to Mary, we come to believe once again in the revolutionary nature of love and tenderness.
Here in Fatima, I give praise to Christ, our peace, and I implore for the world  concord among all peoples.
I ask everyone to join me as pilgrims of hope and peace: may your hands in prayer continue to support mine.
With Mary, as a pilgrim of hope and peace I travel to Fatima tomorrow.Let us see in her that everything is God’s gift and He is our strength
God is greater than nothingness, and a lit candle is enough to overcome the darkest of nights.
Everyone has something to give to society; no one is excluded from contributing to the good of all.
May Jesus, who vanquished the darkness of sin and death, grant peace to our days.
Let us be challenged by the words and actions of Jesus, and welcome his call to a life that is fully human, happy to spend itself in love.
Rejoice! Hidden within your life is a seed of resurrection, an offer of life ready to be awakened!
In every age, the Risen Christ tirelessly seeks us, his brothers and sisters, wandering in the deserts of this world.
Let us allow ourselves to be surprised by the newness that Christ alone can give. May his tenderness and love guide our steps.
May our attitude be gentle and humble, attentive to caring for the poor.
Let’s work together to increase solidarity and sharing. Cooperation helps to build better and more peaceful societies.
May Saint Joseph give young people the ability to dream, to take risks for big tasks, the things that God dreams for us.
By his resurrection, Jesus Christ has set us free from the slavery of sin and death, and has opened before us the way to eternal life.
The presence of Jesus can be communicated through our lives and the language of gratuitous and concrete love.
May the Lord today grant us to set out together as pilgrims of communion and messengers of peace.
We are called to walk together, in the conviction that the future also depends on the encounter of religions and cultures.
Please pray for my journey tomorrow as a pilgrim of peace to Egypt.
Let’s promote friendship and respect between men and women of different religious traditions in order to build a world of peace.
He died, He was buried, He rose and He appeared. Jesus is alive! This is the heart of the Christian message.
If we had God’s Word always in our heart, no temptation could separate us from God.
Let us pray for the grace to never grow tired of drawing from the well of the Father’s mercy and bringing it to the world.
God’s mercy is forever; it never ends, it never runs out, it never gives up when faced with closed doors, and it never tires.
Lord, bring healing to our lives, that we may protect the world and not prey on it, that we may sow beauty, not pollution and destruction.
When we have reached the lowest point of our misery and our weakness, the Risen Christ gives us the strength to rise again.
Since Christ is resurrected, we can look with new eyes and a new heart at every event of our lives, even the most negative ones.
Let us meditate with wonder and gratitude on the great mystery of the Lord’s Resurrection.
During this week of Easter it would do us good every day to read a passage from the Gospel which speaks of the Resurrection of Christ.
Yes, we are sure of it: Christ indeed from death is risen!
Happy Easter! May you bring to all the joy and hope of the Risen Christ! https://t.co/SB50xA3Gp5
Today is the celebration of our hope, the celebration of this truth: nothing and no one will ever be able to separate us from God’s love.
O Cross of Christ, teach us that the rising of the sun is more powerful than the darkness of night, and God's eternal love wins always. https://t.co/FY2I0JKCeo
It is good for us to break out of our set ways, because it is proper to the Heart of God to overflow with tenderness, with ever more to give
While the mystery of evil is profound, the reality of God’s Love poured out through Jesus is infinite and victorious.
Jesus comes to save us; we are called to choose his way: the way of service, of giving, of forgetfulness of ourselves.
During this Holy Week let us focus our gaze on Jesus and ask for the grace to better understand the mystery of his sacrifice for our sake.
O Cross of Christ, inspire in us a desire for God, for goodness and for light.
Dear young friends, don’t be afraid to say “yes” to Jesus with all your heart, to respond generously and to follow him!
Lent is a period of repentance aimed at enabling ourselves to rise with Christ, to renew our baptismal identity.
Hope helps believers to be open to the surprises God has in store for us.
Let us follow in the footsteps of Christ, especially by dedicating ourselves to our brothers and sisters in need.
Today is the International Day of Mine Awareness. Let us please renew the commitment for a world without mines!
Lent is, by nature, a time of hope because it leads us to be born anew “of the spirit”, by the love of God.
When the Holy Spirit abides in our hearts, it is he who makes us understand that the Lord is near and takes care of us.
Even in the hardest and most disturbing moments, the Lord’s mercy and goodness are greater than every thing.
Fasting with a proud heart does more harm than good. The first fast is for humility.
Prayer is powerful. Prayer conquers evil. Prayer brings peace.
The peace that springs from faith is a gift: it is the grace of feeling that God loves us and that he is always beside us.
If we learn to read everything in the light of the Holy Spirit, we realize that everything is grace!
Caring for the sacred gift of all human life, from conception to death, is the best way of preventing every type of violence.
Lent is a favourable season for deepening our spiritual life through fasting, prayer and almsgiving.
The word of God is alive and powerful, capable of bringing about the conversion of hearts.
Let us remember our Christian brothers and sisters who are suffering persecution for their faith. May we be united with them.
Fasting is fruitful when accompanied by concrete expressions of love towards our neigbors, especially those in difficulty.
May the certainty of faith be the engine of our lives.
Even if we may be men and women of little faith, the Lord saves us. We must always have hope in the Lord!
It is vital that we sow the seeds of goodness in order to cultivate justice, foster accord, and sustain integration, without growing weary.
May St Joseph, Spouse of Mary and Patron of the Universal Church, bless you and watch over you. And best wishes to fathers!
I invite you not to build walls but bridges, to conquer evil with good, offence with forgiveness, to live in peace with everyone.
Fasting means not only abstaining from food, but also from any unhealthy attachment, and especially sin.
The Church wishes to be close to each person with the love, compassion and consolation that come from Christ.
The word of God helps us to open our eyes to welcome and love life, especially when it is weak and vulnerable.
Let us pray for one another so that we may open our doors to the weak and poor.
May the Holy Spirit lead us on a true journey of conversion, so that we can rediscover the gift of God’s word.
Lent is the favourable season for renewing our encounter with Christ, living in his word, in the sacraments and in our neighbour.
The road from love to hate is easy. The one from hate to love is more difficult, but brings peace.
Let us strive to fast during Lent with a smile, rather than a long face.
I ask, please, for your prayers for me and my collaborators, who until Friday will be on retreat.
Jesus is the faithful friend who never abandons us. Even when we sin, he patiently awaits our return.
Lent urgently calls us to conversion. We are called to return to God with all our heart.
Fasting is not only about abstaining from food. It also means sharing food with those who are hungry.
God is always faithful and never stops for a moment loving us, following our steps, and running after us when we have strayed from him.
Lent is a new beginning, a path leading to the certain goal of Easter, Christ’s victory over death.
Prayer is the key that opens God’s merciful heart.
When the journey is uncertain and you fall, God, rich in mercy, will extend his hand to pick you up.
I invite you to persevere in prayer, so that Jesus’ wish may be fulfilled: “that they may all be one”.
Proclaiming to all the love and tenderness of Jesus, we become apostles of the joy of the Gospel. And joy is contagious!
The Christian heart is always full of joy. Always. Joy received as a gift and kept in order to be shared with everyone.
Do not underestimate the value of example, for it is more powerful than a thousand words, a thousand “likes”, retweets or YouTube videos.
Jesus entrusted to Peter the keys to open the entrance to the kingdom of heaven, and not to close it.
God knows better than we do about what we need. We must have faith, because his ways are different from ours.
If evil is contagious, so is goodness. Let us be infected by goodness and let us spread goodness!
Let us be moved by the Holy Spirit in order to be courageous in finding new ways to proclaim the Gospel.
How often in the Bible the Lord asks us to welcome migrants and foreigners, reminding us that we too are foreigners!
A youthful heart does not tolerate injustice and cannot bow to a “throw-away culture” nor give in to the globalization of indifference.
I invite you to join in the fight against poverty, both material and spiritual. Together let’s build peace and bridges of friendship.
The throwaway culture is not of Jesus. The other is my brother, beyond every barrier of nationality, social extraction or religion.
It is good to know the Lord takes on the burden of our fragilities and patiently gets us back on our feet with the strength to start over.
Let us never place conditions on God! Entrusting ourselves to the Lord means entering into his plans without demanding anything.
The dignity of children must be respected: we pray that the scandal of child-soldiers may be eliminated the world over.
I encourage all of you to see in Mary, Health of the Infirm, the sure sign of God’s love for every human being.
Let us be close to our brothers and sisters who are going through illness and also their families.
Hope opens new horizons and enables us to dream of what is not even imaginable.
Those who traffic human beings are ultimately accountable to God. Let us pray for the conversion of hearts. @M_RSection
Let us hear the cry of the many children who are enslaved. No one must remain indifferent to their sorrow. @M_RSection
Being a believer means learning how to see with eyes of faith.
Those who do not believe in or search for God have perhaps never been challenged by a testimony of faith.
Take action! Live life to the full! And when others see the witness you give, they may ask: why do you live this way?
Let us never forget to pray for each another. Prayer is our greatest strength.
Consecrated life is a great gift of God: a gift of God to the Church, a gift of God to His People.
God wants us all to see one another as brothers and to live as such, forming a great human family that is harmonious in its diversity.
Let us imitate the attitude of Jesus toward the sick: he takes care of everyone, He shares their suffering and opens their hearts to hope.
Nothing is impossible if we turn to God in prayer. We can all be builders of peace.
Lord, God of peace, hear our prayer and grant us peace in the Holy Land. Shalom, salaam, peace!
The Kingdom of God is already in our midst like a hidden seed. Anyone with pure eyes can see it blossom.
Today I want to remember in my heart all the victims of the Holocaust. May their sufferings and their tears never be forgotten.
Hope lets new life blossom, like a plant that grows from the seed fallen on the earth.
I love to repeat that Christian unity is achieved by walking together, by encounter, prayer and preaching the Gospel.
Let us offer the men and women of our time stories marked by the logic of the “good news”. https://t.co/FGXW62wtcr
“Be not afraid, for I am with you”. Let us communicate hope and trust in our time!
The unity of love is realised when we announce together the wonders God has done for us.
With St Dominic “we go forward with joy, thinking of our Saviour”. #OP800
Christian unity is not the fruit of our human efforts but a gift that comes from above.
We invoke Christian unity because we invoke Christ. We want to live unity: we want to follow Christ and to live in His love.
From the intimacy of our faith in Jesus Christ comes our need to be united in Him.
Peace is an “active virtue”, one that calls for the engagement and cooperation of each individual and society as a whole.
There can never be true peace as long as a single human being is violated in his or her personal identity.
May the Holy Family watch over all child migrants and accompany the vulnerable and the voiceless on their journey. @M_RSection
Unscrupulous exploitation harms young girls and boys who are trafficked and enslaved. May God bless all those who set them free. @M_RSection
Children forced to flee, especially if fleeing alone, are most defenceless and vulnerable. Let's pray for them and help them. @M_RSection
Young migrants, especially when unaccompanied, are especially defenceless. Let everyone offer them a helping hand.
Everyone can help bring about a culture of mercy, in which no one looks at another with indifference.
My hope is that our countries and their peoples may find increased opportunities to work together in building true peace.
There can be no true peace if everyone claims always and exclusively his or her own rights, without caring for the good of others.
Let us ask the Virgin Mary to help us follow Christ on the way of faith and charity, the path set out by our Baptism.
Let us remember our Christian brothers and sisters of the East, Catholics and Orthodox, who are celebrating Christmas today.
Like the Magi, may we also journey and be attentive, untiring and courageous on the path to find the invisible God who was born among us.
May charity and nonviolence govern how we treat each other.
To be true followers of Jesus today also includes embracing his teaching about nonviolence.
May nonviolence become the hallmark of our decisions, our relationships and our actions.
At the beginning of this New Year, I offer heartfelt wishes of peace to the world’s peoples and nations.
Let us entrust the new year to Mary, Mother of God, so that peace and mercy may grow throughout the world.
As we end this year, let us remember the days, weeks and months we have lived in order to give thanks and offer everything to the Lord.
Holy Family of Nazareth, help us all to recognize the sacred nature of the family and its beauty in God’s plan for humanity.
Let us be touched by the tenderness that saves. Let us draw close to God who draws close to us. Let us pause to gaze upon the crib.
God, who is in love with us, draws us to himself with his tenderness, by being born poor and frail in our midst, as one of us.
Christmas has above all a taste of hope because, for all the darkness in our lives, God’s light shines forth.
On today’s Feast of Saint Stephen let us remember the martyrs of today and yesterday. May we overcome evil with good and hatred with love.
Christ is born for us, let us rejoice in the day of our salvation!
Like the shepherds of Bethlehem, may we too, with eyes full of amazement and wonder, gaze upon the Child Jesus, the Son of God.
The Lord becomes man to journey with us in our everyday lives.
The birthday of Jesus, who took on the burden of our human weakness, is drawing closer.
Mercy gives rise to joy, because our hearts are opened to the hope of a new life.
Mercy is the concrete action of God’s love that, by forgiving, transforms and changes our lives.
Nothing of what a repentant sinner places before God’s mercy can be excluded from the embrace of his forgiveness.
I express my solidarity with migrants around the world and thank all those who help them: welcoming others means welcoming God in person!
Our joy comes from the confidence we have that the Lord is close to us with his tenderness, mercy, forgiveness and love.
I thank you all for your kindness. Please do not forget to pray for me.
Forgiveness is the most visible sign of the Father’s love, which Jesus sought to reveal by his entire life.
The love of God, which can look into the heart of each person and see the deepest desire hidden there, must take primacy over all else.
Now is the time to unleash the creativity of mercy, to bring about new undertakings, the fruit of grace.
Today I would like each of us to reflect on his and her own past and the gifts received from the Lord.
On this Feast of Our Lady of Guadalupe, let us entrust to her the American peoples and the mission of the Church on that continent.
May Advent be a time of hope. We go to encounter the Lord who comes to encounter us.
Let us all work decisively so that no one is excluded from the effective recognition of their fundamental human rights.
Let us pray for all the victims of genocide and work together so that this crime never happens again in the world.
Let us learn from the Blessed Mother how to have a humble heart capable of receiving God’s gifts.
The Church does not grow through proselytism, but by attraction.
Jesus gives meaning to my life here on earth and hope for the life to come.
Jesus teaches us always to go to the essentials and to take on our own mission with responsibility.
Advent is a time to prepare our hearts to receive Christ, our Saviour and hope.
We are all called to go out as missionaries and bring the message of God’s love to every person in every area of life.
I call on all people of goodwill to take action against human trafficking and new forms of slavery.
Today we remember Blessed Charles de Foucauld who said, faith calls us to see Jesus in every human being.
On this feast of Saint Andrew, with fraternal affection I am close to Patriarch Bartholomew and pray for him and the Church entrusted to him
Jesus calls us to be bearers of joy and consolation as his merciful witnesses.
Mercy is not a parenthesis in the life of the Church; it constitutes her very existence, making tangible the profound truths of the Gospel.
Advent is a time when we journey towards Jesus and his Kingdom of justice and peace.
With the close of the Jubilee, we look ahead at how to continue to experience with joy, fidelity and enthusiasm the richness of God’s mercy.
So many women are overwhelmed with the burdens of life and the drama of violence! The Lord wants them to be free and their dignity respected
We have to break out of ourselves to encounter others. If we don’t, even we Christians can suffer from division.
May the Holy Spirit help us to be patient when enduring, and to be humble and simple when advising.
How much I desire that the years to come will be full of mercy, so that every person can experience the goodness and tenderness of God!
Let us remember with gratitude the cloistered and monastic religious who pray for the Church and the world.
We entrust the life of the Church, all humanity, and the entire cosmos to the Lord, asking him to pour out his mercy upon us.
May the balm of mercy reach everyone, both believers and those far away, as a sign that the Kingdom of God is already present in our midst!
Today we close the Holy Door thanking God for having granted us this extraordinary time of grace.
May the Jubilee of Mercy, which concludes today, continue to bear fruit in the hearts and works of believers.
God’s mercy toward us is linked to our mercy toward our neighbour.
If you want a heart full of love, be merciful!
It is not enough to experience God’s mercy in one’s life; whoever receives it must also become a sign and instrument for others.
We don’t have to go far or come up with grand projects to be charitable. Often the people closest to us could use our help.
If every one of us, every day, does a work of mercy, there will be a revolution in the world!
In a world which has been damaged by the virus of indifference, the works of mercy are the best antidote.
If you want to find God, seek him where he is hidden: in the neediest, the sick, the hungry, the imprisoned.
I am before the Holy Door and I ask: “Lord, help me to thrust open the door of my heart!”.
Dear Friends, never forget that in our encounter with people in need we meet Jesus himself.
We should never forget about beauty, which humanity needs so much!
May we make God’s merciful love ever more evident in our world through dialogue, mutual acceptance and fraternal cooperation.
Prophecy is saying that there is something truer, more beautiful, greater, of greater good to which we are all called.
No cell is so isolated that it is shut to the Lord. His love reaches everywhere. I pray that each one may open his heart to this love.
Forgiveness is the essence of the love which can understand mistakes and mend them.
Let us be moved by God’s watchful gaze. The one thing he desires is for us to abide like living branches in his Son Jesus.
Christian life is a journey, but not a sorrowful journey; it is joyful.
With faith we visit the graves of our loved ones, where we can also pray for those who no one remembers.
The Father watches over us, and his gaze of love inspires us to purify our past and to journey towards unity.
The saints have found the secret of authentic happiness, which lies deep within the soul and has its source in the love of God.
Christian unity is a priority, because we realize that much more unites us than separates us. https://t.co/QEkTcrgmXn
Let us ask the Lord that his word, source of light and life, may help Christians be ever more united.
I ask you to please pray that my journey to Sweden might contribute to the unity of all Christians.
Let us abbandon a language of condemnation and embrace one of mercy.
Let us pray for our brothers and sisters who encounter discrimination and pay a personal price for their fidelity to the Gospel.
The logic behind charity is to be willing to give up everything so that unity and love prevail.
Love is a patient effort by persons who dedicate themselves to listening and drawing closer to others.
Today there is an urgent need for politics and economics to be centered on the service of life.
We are disciples, but also missionaries, bringing Christ wherever he asks us to be present.
“Do not be afraid! Open wide the doors for Christ!” – Saint John Paul II, 22 October 1978 https://t.co/WBG5K22Zdi
The sick, the poor, as well as the unborn, are all made in the image of God and worthy of the highest respect.
Let us try always to be united with Jesus, following him especially on the way of the cross.
Holiness is to live by being loving and offering our Christian witness in our everyday lives.
Lord, come to our aid! Grant us peace, guide our steps in the way of peace. Mary, our Mother, pray for us.
May nothing keep you from growing in friendship with God.
Let us go forward with courage on the path to holiness!
Today St Teresa of Ávila invites us to pray more in order to be closer to God and to improve our lives.
God never stops wanting our good, even when we sin.
We are living the Gospel when we help the smallest and most vulnerable. #migrants
I entrust all child migrants to the protection of the Holy Family of Nazareth.
No one is a stranger in the Christian community. #migrants
Children have the right to a healthy and secure family environment. #migrants
To live joyfully we must let go of anger, wrath, violence, and revenge.
Punishment should necessarily include hope! #NoDeathPenalty
We Christians have a Mother, the same Mother that Jesus had; we have a Father, the same as Jesus. We are not orphans!
Our Lady also wants to bring the great gift of Jesus to us all; and with him she brings us his love, his peace, and his joy.
The Rosary is a prayer which always accompanies me. It’s also the prayer of ordinary people and the saints...and a prayer from my heart.
It is by loving that the God-who-is-Love is proclaimed to the world.
Ecumenical and interreligious dialogue is not a luxury, but something which our world, wounded by conflict and division, increasingly needs.
Saint Francis, teach us to be instruments of peace which has its source in God. #LaudatoSi
I entrust to Mary the anxieties and sufferings of those peoples who are innocent victims of conflicts in many parts of the world.
May the Lord, who creates harmony out of diversity, forever protect this beloved land of the Caucasus.
Dialogue with others, prayers for all: these are our means to give rise to love where there is hatred, forgiveness where there is offence.
God changes the world by transforming our hearts. When God finds an open and trusting heart, he can work wonders there.
The poor and weak are the flesh of Christ, who call upon Christians of every confession.
God is not known through grand ideas and extensive study, but rather through the littleness of a humble and trusting heart.
Lord Jesus, cast forth the shadow of your cross over peoples at war: may they learn the way of reconciliation, dialogue and forgiveness.
Today I leave for Georgia and Azerbaijan. Please accompany me with your prayers so we can sow peace, unity and reconciliation together.
The Lord has entrusted the Archangels with the task of defending humanity.
How beautiful would it be to leave the world a better place than the way we found it.
Let us promote a sustainable tourism, which stimulates development and encounter with local peoples and avoids every sort of discrimination.
In the brother we help we recognize the face of God which no one sees anymore.
The world needs concrete signs of solidarity, especially before the temptation of indifference.
Let us walk together taking care of each other and of Creation, our common home.
God never tires of offering His forgiveness each time we ask for it.
The more we let ourselves be enveloped by the love of God, the more our lives are renewed.
Dialogue is born when I am capable of recognizing others as a gift of God and accept they have something to tell me.
Every encounter with the other is a seed which can grow into a flourishing tree, where many will find rest and nourishment.
Serving is the way that mission is carried out, the only way to be a disciple of Jesus.
As Christians, we are called to be missionaries of the Gospel.
The concrete sign that we have truly encountered Jesus is the joy that we show in communicating it to others.
Only those who humble themselves before the Lord can experience the greatness of his mercy.
The Church is called to walk with Jesus on the roads of the world, in order to meet the humanity of today.
The Church’s forgiveness must be every bit as broad as that offered by Jesus on the Cross and by Mary at his feet.
Let us ask for a faith that allows us to have trust in God no matter what the circumstances of life.
Greetings to all the athletes participating in the Paralympics: Sport is an opportunity for growth and friendship.
The Word of God can revive a hardened heart.
Mercy can truly contribute to the building up of a more humane world.
The Lord presents himself each day and knocks at the door of our heart.
To offer today’s world the witness of mercy is a task from which none of us can feel exempted.
God is always moved to compassion whenever we repent.
What a great gift the Lord has given us in teaching us to forgive and in this way to touch the Father’s mercy!
The one who builds on God builds on rock, because he is always faithful, even if we sometimes lack faith.
Let us carry Mother Teresa’s smile in our hearts and give it to those whom we meet along our journey. https://t.co/YNGkhd9Z6m
Let us imitate Mother Teresa who made works of mercy the guide of her life and the path towards holiness.
Charity means to draw close to the periphery of existence of the men and women we encounter every day.
God gave us the earth “to till and to keep” in a balanced and respectful way.
Serving with love and tenderness those who are in need helps us to grow in humanity.
May God’s mercy towards us move us to be merciful towards our neighbors.
An easy prayer to say every day: “Lord, I am a sinner: come with your mercy”.
May a powerful gust of holiness sweep through all the Americas during the Extraordinary Jubilee of Mercy!
Consoling those who suffer we are able to help build a better world.
New forms of slavery such as human and organ trafficking, forced labour, and prostitution are true crimes against humanity.
Mercy does not just mean being a “good person” nor is it mere sentimentality. It is the measure of our authenticity as disciples of Jesus.
Where there is love, there is also understanding and forgiveness.
Never abbandon prayer, even when it seems pointless to pray.
Through the cross we can touch God’s mercy and be touched by that mercy!
I entrust you to the maternal care of our Mother who lives in the glory of God and is always by our side on our life’s journey.
We ask Mary, our Mother, to help us to pray with a humble heart.
May people see the Gospel in our lives: in our generous and faithful love for Christ and our brothers and sisters.
In Confession we encounter the merciful embrace of the Father. His love always forgives.
A society made up of different cultures must seek unity in respect.
We ask for respect for indigenous peoples whose very identity and existence are threatened.
When there is dialogue in the family, tensions are easily resolved.
We oppose hatred and destruction with goodness. We live in societies of different cultures and religions, but we are brothers and sisters.
Good luck to the athletes at #Rio2016! May you always be messengers of goodwill and true sporting spirit.
God’s forgiveness knows no limits...God looks at the heart that seeks forgiveness. #Assisi #Porziuncola
The secret to joy: never suppress positive curiosity; get involved, because life is meant to be lived.
A huge “thank you”, dear young people! St John Paul II rejoiced in Heaven, and will help you bring the joy of the Gospel wherever you go.
Jesus speaks to you every day. Let His Gospel become yours and let Him be your “navigator” on life’s journey!
God counts on you for who you are, not for what you have. You are valuable in His eyes and your value is priceless.
God love us as we are: no sin, fault or mistake can make Him change His mind.
Jesus is calling you to leave your mark on life: one that transforms your own life and the lives of others.
God is inviting you to dream: He wants to show you that you can make the world a different place.
We have come into the world in order to leave a mark.
Jesus seeks hearts that are open and tender toward the weak; hearts that are not hard, but docile and transparent.
Jesus wants truly consecrated hearts that live by His forgiveness and share it compassionately with their brothers and sisters.
"I desire mercy, not sacrifice". 	Francis. 30/7/2016.  	Sanctuary of Divine Mercy.
Dear young people, this evening the Lord renews His invitation to take the lead in serving others.
Let us embrace the Cross. Jesus embraces the nakedness, hunger, thirst, loneliness, suffering and death of all men and women of all time.
Anyone who performs works of mercy is not afraid of death.
How I wish that we, as Christians, could be close to the sick the same way Jesus was: in silence, with a caress and in prayer.
Jesus Christ encourages us to lift up our eyes and to dream lofty dreams. During these days of the WYD, Jesus wants to enter our homes.
A merciful heart has the courage to leave comforts behind and to encounter others, embracing everyone.
The Lord loves to participate in the events of our daily lives and to walk with us.
The Lord is amongst us and takes care of us, without deciding for us.
Let's live WYD in Krakow together! 	#Krakow2016 	https://t.co/6DnrZQxCua
Dear young people, stay united in prayer so that this WYD may be rich with spiritual fruits. See you tomorrow! 	#Krakow2016
Dear young people, let us offer the world a mosaic of many races, cultures and peoples united in the name of Jesus! 	#Krakow2016
Dear young people, I bless your journey towards Krakow: may it be a pilgrimage of faith and fraternity. 	#Krakow2016
Let us remember the elderly and the sick who in the summer months are often more alone and can be in difficulty.
I pray for the victims of the attack in Nice and their families. I ask God to convert the hearts of the violent blinded by hate.
Vacations offer a time to rest and to restore the spirit, especially through a more quiet reading of the Gospels.
During this month my audiences are suspended, but I do not stop praying for you, while I ask that you please pray for me!
Let’s join forces, at all levels, to ensure that peace in beloved Syria is possible! #peacepossible4Syria
The summertime offers many people an occasion for rest. It’s also a favorable time to take care of our human relationships.
Loving and forgiving as God loves and forgives. This is a programme of life that can know no interruptions or exceptions.
True joy which is experienced in the family is not something random and fortuitous, but normal and ongoing.
In the world of work today it is essential to educate and follow the luminous and demanding path of honesty.
This Jubilee of mercy is a time of reconciliation for everyone.
Today the Lord repeats to all pastors: follow me despite the difficulties, follow me by proclaiming the Gospel to all.
If God is present in our life, the joy of bringing the Gospel will be our strength and our happiness.
Jesus looks for us and invites us to make room in the inner reaches of our heart. Do we realize it?
I am happy to have visited Armenia, the first nation to accept Christianity as its religion, and I thank all for the welcome. #PopeInArmenia
May the Armenian Church walk in peace and may the communion between us be complete. #PopeInArmenia
The sufferings of the Armenians are our own, they are the sufferings of the members of Christ’s Mystical Body. #PopeInArmenia
The commitment to full unity and cooperation among all the Lord’s disciples is like a radiant light in a dark night. #PopeInArmenia
Please accompany me with your prayers during my apostolic journey to Armenia.
Being Christian involves joining one’s own life, in all its aspects, to the person of Jesus and, through Him, to the Father.
People are the primary artisans of their own development, the first in charge!
We are all on a journey to the common house of heaven, where we will be able to admire with joyful wonder the mystery of the universe.
Let us join in prayer with our Orthodox brothers and sisters for the Holy and Great Council of the Orthodox Church opening today in Crete.
More than a scientific question, the universe is a joyful mystery that speaks of God’s boundless love for us.
In prayer let us experience the compassion of God, full of merciful love.
Even in the worst situation of life, God waits for me, God wants to embrace me, God expects me.
Dear elderly friends, God does not abandon you; he is with you! With his help you are and you continue to be the memory for your people.
The future of society requires the fruitful encounter between young and old.
I invite all of the institutions of the world to give a voice to all of those who suffer silently from hunger. #ZeroHunger
Dear sick people, entrust yourselves to the Spirit who will not fail you with the consoling light of his presence.
Do not tire of asking in prayer for the Lord’s help especially in difficulty.
The tenderness of God is present in the lives of all those who attend the sick and understand their needs, with eyes full of love.
We need to recognize the fundamental values of our common humanity, values in the name of which we can and must cooperate.
Let us protect the oceans, part of the “global commons”, vital for our water supply and the variety of living creatures!
In this age lacking in social friendship, our first task is that of building community.
We need to discover the gifts of each person: may communities transmit their own values and be open to the experiences of others.
The Saints are not supermen, nor were they born perfect. When they recognized God’s love, they followed it and served others.
Let us hear the cry of the victims and those suffering, no family without a home, no child without a childhood.
Our priestly life is given over in service, in closeness to the People of God, with the joy of those who hear the Lord.
Let us pray together for the Jubilee for Priests from 1-3 June. Visit https://t.co/VJWI1IiNkv
When disciples of Christ are transparent in heart and sensitive in life, they bring the Lord’s light to the places where they live and work.
I join spiritually all those taking part in special devotions to the Blessed Virgin Mary on this last day of the month of May.
We are stewards, not masters of our earth. Each of us has a personal responsibility to care for the precious gift of God’s creation.
By receiving the Eucharist we are nourished of the Body and Blood of Jesus, and by entering us, Jesus joins us to his Body!
Remain steadfast in the journey of faith, with firm hope in the Lord. This is the secret of our journey!
Mary is an icon of how the Church must offer forgiveness to those who seek it.
Jesus gives himself to us in the Eucharist, offering himself as spiritual food that sustains our life.
With the weapons of love, God has defeated selfishness and death. His son Jesus is the door of mercy wide open to all.
God can fill our hearts with his love and help us continue our journey together towards the land of freedom and life.
In a broken world, to communicate with mercy means to help create closeness between the children of God.
The feast of the Most Holy Trinity renews our mission of living in communion with God and all people on the model of the divine communion.
Each one of us can be a bridge of encounter between diverse cultures and religions, a way to rediscover our common humanity.
The firm commitment for human rights springs from an awareness of the unique and supreme value of each person.
Loving and forgiving are tangible and visible signs that faith has transformed our hearts.
The Jubilee is the party to which Jesus invites us all, without excluding anyone.
The world needs the courage, hope, faith and perseverance of Christ’s followers.
The gift of the Holy Spirit has been bestowed in abundance so that we may live lives of genuine faith and active charity.
Come, Holy Spirit! Free us from being closed in on ourselves and instill in us the joy of proclaiming the Gospel.
To communicate with mercy means to help create a healthy, free and fraternal closeness among the children of God.
If our hearts and actions are inspired by charity, by divine love, then our communication will be touched by God’s own power.
Dear Religious: wake up the world! Be witnesses to a different way of thinking, acting and living!
What we say and how we say it, our every word and gesture, ought to express God’s compassion, tenderness and forgiveness for all.
May today's challenges become forces for unity to overcome our fears and build together a better future for Europe and the world.
Jesus, ascended into heaven, is now in the lordship of God, present in every space and time, close to each one of us.
https://t.co/4zZ1x4NjtH https://t.co/UvLvya5OGE
Love, by its nature, is communication; it leads to openness and sharing. #ComMisericordia50
Christ is our greatest joy; he is always at our side and will never let us down.
The Lord consoles us. We are all called to comfort our brothers and sisters, to testify that God alone can eliminate the causes of tragedies
May the challenges in the ecumenical journey encourage us to know each other better, pray together and unite in works of charity.
Jesus Christ, the incarnation of God’s mercy, out of love for us, died on the cross, and out of love he rose again from the dead.
There is the grave problem of labour, because of the high rate of young adults unemployed, but also for the issue of the dignity of work.
I address a cordial greeting to the faithful of the Eastern Churches who are celebrating Holy Pascha today. Χριστὸς ἀνέστη!
Work is proper to the human person and expresses the dignity of being created in the image of God.
Jesus conquered evil at the root: he is the Door of Salvation, open wide so that each person may find mercy.
Before the spiritual and moral abysses of mankind, only God’s infinite mercy can bring us salvation.
Christian hope is a gift that God gives us if we come out of ourselves and open our hearts to him.
Let us break open our sealed tombs to the Lord – each of us knows what they are – so that he may enter and grant us life.
All are called to love and cherish family life, for families are not a problem; they are first 	and foremost an opportunity.
Dear Young People, with the grace of God you can become authentic and courageous Christians, witnesses to love and peace.
Dear Young Friends, your names are written in heaven in the merciful heart of the Father. Be brave and go against the tide!
A true ecological approach knows how to safeguard the environment and justice, hearing the cry of the earth and the cry of the poor.
Climate change represents one of the principal challenges facing humanity today, and the response requires the solidarity of all.
To form a family is to be a part of God’s dream, to join him in building a world where no one will feel alone.
The royal road to peace is to see others not as enemies to be opposed but as brothers and sisters to be embraced.
We pray for the earthquake victims in Ecuador and Japan. May God and all our brothers and sisters give them help and support.
Each vocation in the Church has its origin in the compassionate gaze of Jesus, who forgives us and calls us to follow Him.
Today is Benedict XVI’s birthday. Let us remember him in our prayers and thank God for giving him to the Church and the world.
Refugees are not numbers, they are people who have faces, names, stories, and need to be treated as such.
In the darkest hours of a family’s life, union with Jesus can help avoid a breakup.
Love is the only light which can constantly illuminate a world grown dim.
The Lord’s presence dwells in families, with all their daily troubles and struggles, joys and hopes.
The way of the Church is not to condemn anyone for ever, it is to pour out the balm of God’s mercy.
The Church must pattern her behavior after the Son of God who went out to everyone without exception.
To understand, forgive, accompany and integrate. That is the mindset which should prevail in the Church.
It is essential that children see that prayer is something truly important for their parents.
The home is the place where we learn to appreciate the beauty of the faith, to pray and serve our neighbor.
The family is where we first learn to listen and share, to be patient and show respect, to help one another.
Children are a wonderful gift from God and a joy for parents.
Fidelity has to do with patience. Its joys and sacrifices bear fruit as the years go by.
To know how to forgive and feel forgiven is a basic experience in family life.
The divorced who have entered a new union should be made to feel part of the Church. They are not excommunicated.
Open and caring families find a place for the poor.
It is important for a child to feel wanted. He or she is not an accessory or a solution to some personal need.
Each new life allows us to appreciate the utterly gratuitous dimension of love.
Love opens our eyes and enables us to see the great worth of a human being.
In our families, we must learn to imitate Jesus’ own gentleness.
Every family, despite its weaknesses, can become a light in the darkness of the world.
Our teaching on marriage and the family cannot fail to be inspired by the message of love and tenderness.
The strength of the family lies in its capacity to love and to teach how to love.
No one can think that the weakening of the family will prove beneficial to society as a whole.
People with disabilities are a gift for the family and an opportunity to grow in love, mutual aid and unity.
The family is a good which society cannot do without, and it ought to be protected.
The welfare of the family is decisive for the future of the world.
The word of God is a source of comfort for every family that experiences difficulty or suffering.
The family is the place where parents become their children’s first teachers in the faith.
The Joy of Love experienced by families is also the joy of the Church.
I encourage you to bear witness to Christ in your personal life and families: a witness of gratuitousness, solidarity, spirit of service.
The Jubilee is a year-long celebration, in which every moment becomes a chance for us to grow in holiness.
The Lord asks us to be men and women who radiate the truth, beauty and the life-changing power of the Gospel.
Christian faith is a gift which we receive in Baptism and which allows us to encounter God.
Mercy: the bridge that connects God and man, opening our hearts to the hope of being loved forever despite our sinfulness.
To be merciful means to grow in a love which is courageous, generous and real.
Passing through the Holy Door, let us put our trust in God’s grace, which can change our lives.
The phenomenon of migration raises a serious cultural issue which necessarily demands a response.
If we open ourselves up to welcome God’s mercy for ourselves, in turn we become capable of forgiveness.
Jesus shows us the real face of God, for whom power does not mean destruction but love, and for whom justice is not vengeance but mercy.
Every Christian is a “Christopher”, that is, a bearer of Christ!
Jesus Christ is risen! Love has triumphed over hatred, life has conquered death, light has dispelled the darkness!
To live Easter means to enter into the mystery of Jesus who died and rose for us.
The Cross is the word through which God has responded to evil in the world.
Impress, Lord, in our hearts the sentiments of faith, hope, love and sorrow for our sins.
Jesus loved us. Jesus loves us. Without limit, always, to the end.
Annointed with the oil of gladness to pass on the joy of the Gospel.
With how much love Jesus looks at us! With how much love He heals our sinful heart! Our sins never scare Him.
I entrust to God's mercy all those who lost their lives. #Brussels
Let us take our Christian calling seriously and commit to live as believers.
Let us come to Him and let us not be afraid! Let us come to Him and say from the depths of our hearts: “Jesus, I trust in You!”
I am beginning a new journey, on Instagram, to walk with you along the path of mercy and the tenderness of God.
The greater the sin, the greater the love that must be shown by the Church to those who repent.
No one can be excluded from the mercy of God. The Church is the house where everyone is welcomed and no one is rejected.
As we exit the confessional, we will feel his strength which gives new life and restores ardor to the faith. After confession we are reborn.
God is truly “rich in mercy” and extends it abundantly upon those who appeal to Him with a sincere heart.
The Sacrament of Reconciliation allows us to draw near to the Father with trust to have the certainty of his forgiveness.
Pray for me.
... That families in need may receive the necessary support and that children may grow up in healthy and peaceful environments.
God has caressed us with his mercy. Let us bring God’s tender caress to others, to those who are in need.
Small gestures of love, of tenderness, of care, make people feel that the Lord is with us. This is how the door of mercy opens.
My life, my attitude, the way of going through life, must really be a concrete sign of the fact that God is close to us.
The Jubilee of Mercy is a propitious occasion to promote in the world ways to respect life and the dignity of each person.
May the Lord free us from all temptation that separates us from what is essential in our mission and help rediscover the beauty of faith.
Jesus Christ, with his closeness and tenderness, leads sinners into the place of grace and pardon. This is the mercy of God.
Open your heart to mercy! Divine mercy is stronger than the sins of men
Thank you to Mexico and to all Mexicans. May the Lord and the Blessed Virgin of Guadalupe accompany you always.
I have felt welcomed and received with affection and hope by the Mexican people. Thank you for opening the doors to your lives.
Tears can generate a fracture which is able to open ourselves for conversion.
Do not forget that the mercy of God is our shield and strength against injustice, destruction and oppression.
Earnings and capital are not more important than the human person, but should be at the service of the common good.
All of us must struggle so that work can become a reality of humanization and a positive future.
Dear prisoners, while you have experienced great pain, you can become prophets of a better society without violence and exclusion.
Celebrating the Jubilee of Mercy means learning how to not remain prisoners of the past. It means believing things can be different.
The mercy of Jesus embraces everyone in every part of the world: open your hearts!
Jesus would never ask us to be assassins; he calls us to be disciples. He would never send us to die. He invites us to life.
You have asked me for a word of hope: what I have to offer you has a name: Jesus Christ.
In Jesus I have met the one who is able to bring out the best in me.
Our first calling is to learn how to say the “Our Father”. Father, help us to avoid the temptation of resignation.
We learn how to pray, just as we do to walk, speak and listen. If you tell me how you pray, I can tell you how you live.
I prefer a family with a tired face from sacrifices made rather than a pretty one which is unfamiliar with tenderness and compassion.
Among the poor being treated worst is our planet. We cannot pretend all is fine in the face of the great environmental crisis.
In the heart of every person is a desire to live in freedom, in a place where change is possible in fellowship and solidarity.
Jesus is waiting for us and wants to heal our hearts of all that tears us down. He is the God who has a name: Mercy.
May the Lord help us overcome the temptations of wealth, vanity and pride which seek to destroy the truth of the Gospel.
Lent is a time for reconsidering our feelings, for letting our eyes be opened to injustice, to open our hearts to those suffering.
Simply looking at you, O Mother, to have eyes only for you, looking upon you without saying anything... https://t.co/CEBGRLC7ZJ
Mary is the woman who says yes, a yes of surrender to God, a yes of surrender to her brothers and sisters. May we follow her example.
Mexico has a young face. This makes it possible to contemplate and plan for a future, for a tomorrow. This offers hope.
Dear Mexican friends, you are in my heart. Let us put our trust in the Blessed Virgin of Guadalupe who always looks on us with tenderness.
Today is a day of grace. The meeting with Patriarch Kirill is a gift from God. Pray for us.
In Mexico I will look into the eyes of the Virgin Mary and implore her to look upon us always with mercy. I entrust my journey to her.
Entering through the Holy Door means discovering the depths of the Father’s mercy, who seeks each of us personally.
God wants to live amidst his sons and daughters. Let us make space for him in our hearts.
Mary, Mother of Jesus, help us to share the wonders of the Lord with all whom we meet on the way.
As Christians, we cannot be self-centred, but must always be open to others and for others.
In today’s society, in which forgiveness is so rare, mercy is ever more important.
The Gospel calls us to be close to the poor and forgotten, and to give them real hope.
Every Christian community should be an oasis of charity and warmth in the midst of a desert of solitude and indifference.
When we entrust ourselves to the Lord, we can overcome all obstacles that we encounter on the way.
When the world slumbers in comfort and selfishness, our Christian mission is to help it rouse from sleep.
In Jesus of Nazareth, mercy has appeared and lives (MV 1).
Let us thank God who is merciful and ever at our side (MV 6).
No one can put limits on God’s love, for he is always ready to forgive (MV 3).
The mercy of God will always be greater than any sin (MV 3).
Let us pray for Christians suffering persecution, often amid the shameful silence of so many.
When Christ is your friend, you have joy, serenity, happiness.
God is in love with us.  He becomes small to help us love him in return.
However grave our sin, God responds with total forgiveness (MV 3).
Mercy is the path uniting God with man, for it opens the heart to the hope of an eternal love (MV 2).
One goal for each day: to convey the tenderness of Christ to those who are most in need.
May the Jubilee of Mercy bring us all closer to God’s goodness and love!
God Bless Africa!
The time has come for new messengers of Christ, ever more generous, more joyful and more holy
Christians and Muslims are brothers and sisters, and we must act as such.
The Jubilee Year of Mercy reminds us that God is waiting for us with open arms, just like the father of the prodigal son.
Where there is violence and hatred, Christians are called to witness to the God who is Love.
I come to the Central African Republic as a pilgrim of peace and as an apostle of hope.
I have great hope for Africa, and for the harvest of grace that the Lord is preparing in your midst.
Uganda has experienced the witness of Christian martyrs. May they help us spread the joy of the Gospel without fear.
The world is witnessing an unprecedented migration of peoples. I want to thank Uganda for its generosity in welcoming refugees.
May my visit to Africa be a sign of the Church’s esteem for all religions, and strengthen our bonds of friendship.
Mungu abariki Kenya! God bless Kenya!
All human persons – all of us – are important in God’s eyes.
I am happy to pray today with the Lutheran community in Rome.  May God bless all who work for dialogue and Christian unity.
I am deeply saddened by the terrorist attacks in Paris. Please join me in prayer for the victims and their families. #PrayersForParis
As Christians, we are called to imitate the Good Shepherd and to help families experiencing difficulties.
Vanity not only distances us from God: it makes us look ridiculous.
Let us ask the help of Saint Michael the Archangel to defend us from the snares of the devil.
Parents, can you “waste time” with your children?  It is one of the most important things that you can do each day.
Economic development needs to have a human face, so that no one will be excluded.
In the poor, we see the face of Christ who for our sake became poor.
Corruption is a cancer on society.
Dear young friends, do not be afraid to give your all.  Christ will never disappoint you.
Let us learn solidarity.  Without solidarity, our faith is dead.
Work is important, but so too is rest.  Shouldn’t we learn to respect times of rest, especially Sundays?
Dear young friends, ask the Lord for a free heart so as not to be ensnared by the false pleasures of the world.
The faith is not a gift just for me.  Faith is given to be joyfully shared.
Our life is not a pointless wandering.  We have a sure goal: the house of the Father.
With my heartfelt thanks.  May the love of Christ always guide the American people! #GodBlessAmerica
Thank you to the Cuban people!  Thank you from my heart!
I ask you to join me in praying for my trip to Cuba and the United States.  I need your prayers.
In spite of injustices and sufferings, the Lord’s victory is certain.
God loves the lowly.  When we live humbly, he takes our small efforts and creates great things.
Every time that we make the sign of the cross, we draw closer to the great mystery of the Trinity.
Do we say “Thank you” to God every day?
May every parish and religious community in Europe host a refugee family. #Jubilee #refugeeswelcome
Let us ask Our Lady to help all families, especially those affected by unemployment.
War is the mother of all poverty, a vast predator of lives and souls.
Today is the World Day of Prayer for the Care of Creation.  Let us work and pray.
Lord, help us always to be more generous and closer to poor families.
A Christian who is too attached to riches has lost his way.
Reading the Gospel each day helps us to overcome our selfishness and to follow Jesus our Teacher with dedication.
When we experience the merciful love of the Father, we are more able to share this joy with our neighbour.
Mary’s life shows that God accomplishes great deeds through those who are the most humble.
Mary is full of grace.  She is a sure refuge for us in times of temptation.
The encounter with Christ can completely change our life.
We are all sinners.  Let us be transformed by God’s mercy.
We learn many virtues in our Christian families.  Above all, we learn to love, asking nothing in return.
Let us allow the love of God to take deep root within us.  In so doing, we will be able to give ourselves to others.
Hospitality in families is a crucial virtue today, especially in situations of great poverty.
The most powerful witness to marriage is the exemplary lives of Christian spouses.
Dear young friends, do not be afraid of marriage: Christ accompanies with his grace all spouses who remain united to him.
Christian witness is concrete: words without actions are empty.
The one who helps the sick and needy touches the flesh of Christ, alive and present in our midst.
The Church is called to be ever more attentive and caring toward the weak.
When everything falls apart, only one thing sustains our hope: God loves us, he loves everyone!
Now is the time for a change in mindset and to stop pretending that our actions do not affect those who suffer from hunger.
That which gives us true freedom and true happiness is the compassionate love of Christ.
A great challenge: stop ruining the garden which God has entrusted to us so that all may enjoy it.
How wonderful it is to proclaim to everyone the love of God which saves us and gives meaning to our lives!
The Church is a mother with an open heart, ready to help all people, especially those who try the hardest
In Confession, Jesus welcomes us with all our sinfulness, to give us a new heart, capable of loving as he loves.
God’s love is free.  He asks for nothing in return; all he wants is for his love to be accepted.
Lord, seize us with your power and light, help us to protect all life, to prepare for a better future. #LaudatoSi
Let us sing as we go. May our struggles and our concern for this planet never take away the joy of our hope.
An integral ecology includes taking time to reflect on our lifestyle and our ideals. #LaudatoSi
Christian spirituality proposes an alternative understanding of the quality of life.
Living our vocation to be protectors of God’s handiwork is not a secondary aspect of our Christian experience.
The teachings of the Gospel have direct consequences for our way of thinking, feeling and living. #LaudatoSi
The emptier a person’s heart is, the more he or she needs to buy, own and consume. #LaudatoSi
Many things have to change course, but it is we human beings above all who need to change.
Believers must feel challenged to live in a way consonant with their faith. #LaudatoSi
We know how unsustainable is the behaviour of those who constantly consume and destroy.
A decrease in the pace of production and consumption can at times give rise to another form of progress and development.
Reducing greenhouse gases requires honesty, courage and responsibility. #LaudatoSi
Interdependence obliges us to think of one world with a common plan.
Leaving an inhabitable planet to future generations is, first and foremost, up to us.
What is at stake is our own dignity.
What kind of world do we want to leave to those who come after us, to children who are now growing up?
The world we have received also belongs to who will follow us. #LaudatoSi
Having a home has much to do with a sense of personal dignity and the growth of families. #LaudatoSi
For indigenous communities, land is not a commodity, but a gift from God, a sacred space.
We need an integrated approach to combating poverty and protecting nature.
It is contrary to human dignity to cause animals to suffer or die needlessly. #LaudatoSi
The culture of relativism drives one person to take advantage of another, to treat others as mere objects.
Christian thought sees human beings as possessing a particular dignity above other creatures.
There is an urgent need for us to move forward in a bold cultural revolution. #LaudatoSi
Scientific and technological progress cannot be equated with the progress of humanity and history.
By itself the market cannot guarantee integral human development and social inclusion.
We are learning all too slowly the lessons of environmental deterioration. #LaudatoSi
It is possible that we don’t grasp the gravity of the challenges before us. #LaudatoSi
Each age tends to have only a meagre awareness of its own limitations.
Never has humanity had such power over itself, yet nothing ensures that it will be used wisely.
For believers, this becomes a question of fidelity to the Creator.
Earth is essentially a shared inheritance, whose fruits are meant to benefit everyone. #LaudatoSi
We continue to tolerate some considering themselves more worthy than others.
We should be particularly indignant at the enormous inequalities in our midst. #LaudatoSi
At times more zeal is shown in protecting other species than in defending the equal dignity of human beings.
A fragile world challenges us to devise intelligent ways of directing, developing and limiting our power.
Every creature is the object of the Father’s tenderness, who gives it its place in the world.
“Creation” has a broader meaning than “nature”; it has to do with God’s loving plan. #LaudatoSi
Each community has the duty to protect the earth and to ensure its fruitfulness for coming generations.
The present world system is certainly unsustainable from a number of points of view. #LaudatoSi
We need only to take a frank look at the facts to see that our common home is falling into serious disrepair. #LaudatoSi
Whatever is fragile, like the environment, is defenceless before the interests of a deified market.
The alliance between economy and technology ends up sidelining anything unrelated to its immediate interests.
Economic interests easily end up trumping the common good.
There is no room for the globalization of indifference. #LaudatoSi
Developed countries ought to help pay this debt by limiting their consumption of nonrenewable energy.
A true “ecological debt” exists, particularly between the global north and south.
To blame population growth, and not an extreme consumerism on the part of some, is one way of refusing to face the issues.
We have to hear both the cry of the earth and the cry of the poor. #LaudatoSi
The deterioration of the environment and of society affect the most vulnerable people on the planet.
The human environment and the natural environment deteriorate together.
One particularly serious problem is the quality of water available to the poor. #LaudatoSi
These problems are closely linked to a throwaway culture.
The earth, our home, is beginning to look more and more like an immense pile of filth.
Climate change represents one of the principal challenges facing humanity in our day. #LaudatoSi
The climate is a common good, belonging to all and meant for all.
“To commit a crime against the natural world is a sin against ourselves and a sin against God.” (Patriarch Bartholomew)
The throwaway culture of today calls for a new lifestyle. #LaudatoSi
There is a value proper to each creature.
There is a need to seek other ways of understanding the economy and progress. #LaudatoSi
There is an intimate relationship between the poor and the fragility of the planet. #LaudatoSi
We need a new dialogue about how we are shaping the future of our planet. #LaudatoSi
I invite all to pause to think about the challenges we face regarding care for our common home. #LaudatoSi
Today the Church is a Church of martyrs, so many heroic witnesses.  May we learn from their courage.
Where there is no work, there is no dignity.
In the Sacrament of the Eucharist we find God who gives himself.
We need to build up society in the light of the Beatitudes, walking towards the Kingdom with the least among us.
The light of the Gospel guides all who put themselves at the service of the civilization of love.
Lord, grant us the awesome gift of meeting you.
Christians are witnesses not to a theory, but to a Person: Christ risen and alive, the one Saviour of all.
We can observe the Fourth Commandment by loving visits to our aging grandparents.
Let us invoke the Holy Spirit each day: He guides us along the path of discipleship in Christ.
Lord, send forth your Holy Spirit to bring consolation and strength to persecuted Christians.  #free2pray
There are times when God is silent, a silence which cannot be understood unless we gaze upon Christ crucified.
God is always waiting for us, he always understands us, he always forgives us.
It is better to have a Church that is wounded but out in the streets than a Church that is sick because it is closed in on itself.
Dear parents, have great patience, and forgive from the depths of your heart.
Why is it so difficult to tolerate the faults of others?  Have we forgotten that Jesus bore our sins?
Let us learn to live with kindness, to love everyone, even when they do not love us.
When we cannot earn our own bread, we lose our dignity.  This is a tragedy today, especially for the young.
It is good for us to spend time before the Tabernacle, to feel the gaze of Jesus upon us.
The love of Christ fills our hearts and makes us always able to forgive!
Amid so many problems, even grave, may we not lose our hope in the infinite mercy of God.
Every Christian community must be a welcoming home for those searching for God,for those searching for a brother or sister to listen to them
We Christians are called to go out of ourselves to bring the mercy and tenderness of God to all.
In the Sacraments we discover the strength to think and to act according to the Gospel.
We need to care for the earth so that it may continue, as God willed, to be a source of life for the entire human family.
Mary, Mother of Sorrows, help us to understand God’s will in moments of great suffering.
The Lord never tires of forgiving us.  It is we who get tired of asking for pardon.
We can bring the Gospel to others only if it has made a deep impact in our lives.
Lord, give us the gift of tears, the ability to cry for our sins and so receive your forgiveness.
Lord, help us to live the virtue of generosity, to love without limits.
Christ is risen!  Christ is alive and journeys with us!
The Cross of Christ is not a defeat: the Cross is love and mercy.
Jesus washes the feet of the Apostles.  Are we ready to serve others like this?
Confession is the sacrament of the tenderness of God, his way of embracing us.
Holy Week is a privileged time when we are called to draw near to Jesus: friendship with him is shown in times of difficulty.
As disciples of Christ, how can we not be concerned for the good of the weakest?
Life is a precious gift, but we realize this only when we give it to others.
The laity are called to become a leaven of Christian living within society.
Suffering is a call to conversion: it reminds us of our frailty and vulnerability.
May every Church and Christian community be a place of mercy amid so much indifference.
Let us allow God to fill our hearts with his goodness and mercy.
Lent is a time for drawing near to Christ by listening to the word of God and celebrating the sacraments.
Beware of getting too comfortable!  When we are comfortable, it’s easy to forget other people.
In the roughest moments, remember: God is our Father; God does not abandon his children.
Humility saves man: pride makes him lose his way.
Let us build our lives of faith on the rock who is Christ.
If we are too attached to riches, we are not free.  We are slaves.
The heart grows hard when it does not love.  Lord, give us a heart that knows how to love.
Jesus intercedes for us each day.  Let us pray: Lord, have mercy on me; intercede for me!
There is no sin that God cannot pardon.  All we need to do is ask for forgiveness.
The Sacraments are the manifestation of the Father’s tenderness and love towards each of us.
Wherever there are men and women who have consecrated their lives to God, there you find joy.
Lord, grant us the grace to know we are sinners.
During Lent, let us find concrete ways to overcome our indifference.
Jesus came to bring joy to everyone in every age.
Jesus is not a figure from the past: he continues now and always to light the way for us.
Having faith does not mean having no difficulties, but having the strength to face them, knowing we are not alone.
We are all sinners.  We are all called to a conversion of heart.
A credible witness to truth and to the values of the Gospel is urgently needed.
True love does not pay attention to the evil it suffers.  It rejoices in doing good.
Auschwitz cries out with the pain of immense suffering and pleads for a future of respect, peace and encounter among peoples.
Practicing charity is the best way to evangelize.
Every Life is a Gift. #marchforlife
Sa aking mga kaibigan sa Sri Lanka at Pilipinas: Naway pagpalain kayo ng Diyos. Sana´y patuloy niyo akong ipagdasal.
To my friends in Sri Lanka and the Philippines: May God bless you all!  Please pray for me.
Madalas nating makalimutang pagtuunan ng pansin ang mga bagay na talagang mahalaga. Nakakalimutan natin na tayo'y Anak ng Diyos.
How often we forget to dedicate ourselves to that which truly matters!  We forget that we are children of God.
Bilang Kristiyano, miyembro ng pamilya ng Diyos, tinatawag tayo upang hanapin at paglingkuran ang lahat ng mga nangangailangan.
We who are Christians, members of God’s family, are called to go out to the needy and to serve them.
Ang kahabagan ng Diyos, ang kanyang sakripisyo, ay nagbibigay saysay at halaga sa lahat ng ating paghihirap.
The com-passion of God, his suffering-with-us, gives meaning and worth to our struggles and our sufferings.
Ang pamilya  ay ang pinakamahalagang kayamanan ng isang bansa. Naway pagsikapan nating ipagtanggol at patatagin itong pundasyon ng lipunan.
The family is the greatest treasure of any country.  Let us all work to protect and strengthen this, the cornerstone of society.
Ang Pilipinas ay patunay ng kabataan at kasiglahan ng Simbahan.
The Philippines bear witness to the youthfulness and vitality of the Church.
දෙවියන්වහන්සේ  ලක් දිව ආශීර්වාද කර රැක ගන්නා සේක්වා
இறைவன் இலங்கையை ஆசீர்வதித்து காப்பாராக.
May God bless and protect Sri Lanka.
Saint Joseph Vaz, teach us to grow in holiness and to live the Gospel’s message of mercy.
Please pray with me for everyone in Sri Lanka and the Philippines as I begin my trip.
Sunday is the Lord’s Day. Let us find time to be with him.
#PrayersForParis
Jesus came to save us: let us not reject this marvellous gift!
Lord, help us to recognize you in the sick, poor and suffering.
Christianity spreads through the joy of disciples who know that they are loved and saved.
How many innocent people and children suffer in the world! Lord, grant us your peace!
Lord, thank you!
Today people are suffering from poverty, but also from lack of love.
The Christian family is missionary: it announces the love of God to the world.
Let us pray today for all those who are persecuted for their Christian faith.
With Jesus there is true joy.
May we try to listen and be silent in order to make space for the beauty of God.
At times we are slaves of sin.  Lord, come to free us!
If Jesus is to become the centre of our life, we need to spend time in his presence, before the Tabernacle.
The Lord put it clearly: you cannot serve two masters.  You have to choose between God and money.
It is so important to listen!  Husbands and wives need to communicate to bring happiness and serenity to family life.
Today is my anniversary of ordination to the priesthood. Please pray for me and all priests.
Our Lady of Guadalupe, pray for us!
Ecology is essential for the survival of mankind; it is a moral issue which affects all of us.
The family is a community of love where each of us learns to relate to others and to the world around us.
Let us learn from the Virgin Mary how to be bolder in obeying the word of God.
My video message for Iraqi Christians		http://t.co/ydKEgSGWHX
Advent begins a new journey.  May Mary, our Mother, be our guide.
Advent increases our hope, a hope which does not disappoint.  The Lord never lets us down.
Slaves no more. We are all brothers and sisters. #EndSlavery
The Church is called to draw near to every person, beginning with the poorest and those who suffer.
Love is the measure of faith.
When we meet a person truly in need, do we see the face of God?
Let us seek to live in a way that is always worthy of our Christian vocation.
There is so much noise in the world! May we learn to be silent in our hearts and before God.
A Christian brings peace to others. Not only peace, but also love, kindness, faithfulness and joy.
War destroys, kills, impoverishes. Lord, give us your peace!
Work is so important for human dignity, for building up a family, for peace!
I ask all people of goodwill to help build a culture of encounter, solidarity and peace. #fotw25
The Church is ever on a journey, seeking new ways to announce the Gospel.
Indifference towards those in need is not acceptable for a Christian.
Being humble helps us share the burdens of others.
A good example brings about so much good, but hypocrisy brings about much evil.
The principal mission of the Church is evangelization, bringing the Good News to everyone.
May we help people to discover the joy of the Christian message: a message of love and mercy.
Jesus’ Cross shows the full force of evil, but also the full power of God’s mercy.
The family is where we are formed as people.  Every family is a brick in the building of society.
If faith is to be strong and healthy, it must be constantly nourished by the Word of God.
To change the world we must be good to those who cannot repay us.
A Christian is merciful by nature; this is heart of the Gospel.
O Lord, comfort all those who suffer, especially the sick, the poor and the unemployed.
The spiritual power of the Sacraments is boundless.  With grace, we can overcome every obstacle.
Dear young people, Christ is counting on you to be his friends and witnesses to his infinite love.
Let us ask the Lord for the grace not to speak badly of others, not to criticize, not to gossip, but rather to love everyone.
Come, Holy Spirit. Bestow upon us your gifts during the Synod. #prayforsynod
As we begin the Synod on the Family, let us ask the Lord to show us the way forward. #prayforsynod
As Jesus told Martha in the Gospel, one thing is necessary: prayer. #praywithus
Happy families are essential for the Church and for society.  #prayforsynod
A Synod means walking together but also praying together.  I ask all the faithful to participate. #praywithus
Division within a Christian community is a very grave sin; it is the work of the devil.
There is the tendency to place ourselves and our ambitions at the center of our lives. This is very human, but it is not Christian.
Jesus understands our weaknesses and sins; and he forgives us if we allow ourselves to be forgiven.
When a society lacks God, even prosperity is joined by a terrible spiritual poverty.
Dear young people, listen within: Christ is knocking at the door of your heart.
Mary, give us the grace of being joyful as we walk in the freedom of the children of God.
The Lord is always there waiting to give us his love: it is an amazing thing, one which never ceases to surprise us!
Despite our sins, we can say with Peter: Lord, you know everything, you know that I love you.
We cannot trust in our own strength, but only in Jesus and in his mercy.
God’s faithfulness is stronger than our unfaithfulness and our infidelities.
Jesus is the Good Shepherd.  He seeks us out and he stays near us even though we are sinners, indeed because we are sinners.
I pray every day for all who are suffering in Iraq. Please join me. http://t.co/10d1EpV4zg
Our Christian witness is authentic when it is faithful and unconditional.
The Christian who does not feel that the Virgin Mary is his or her mother is an orphan.
The Lord always forgives us and walks at our side.  We have to let him do that.
From the cross, Christ teaches us to love even those who do not love us.
God’s love is unbounded: it has no limits!
Christians knows how to give.  Their lives are filled with generous acts – often hidden – towards their neighbour.
Let us ask the Lord for this grace: that our hearts become free and filled with light, so that we can rejoice as children of God.
한국의 친구들이여, 고맙습니다. 하느님의 뜻에 따라 저는 곧 아시아에 다시 올 것입니다.	#Philippines #SriLanka
Thank you, my friends in Korea. God willing, I will be back in Asia very soon. #Philippines #SriLanka
So many innocent people have been driven from their homes in Iraq. Lord, we pray they may go back soon.
예수님이 지신 십자가의 힘을 믿으십시오! 예수님께서 보여주신 화해의 은총을 받아 이웃과 나누시기 바랍니다.
Trust in the power of Christ’s Cross!  Receive his reconciling grace and share it!
Lord, with so much violence in Iraq, may we persevere in our prayer and generosity.
우리는 하느님의 자비로 구원받았습니다. 이 기쁜 소식을 지치지 말고 온 세상에 다 함께 전합시다.
It is by God’s mercy that we are saved. May we never tire of spreading this joyful message to the world.
교회가 하느님의 사랑 안에서 더욱 경건하고 낮은 자세로 가난한 사람들과 외롭고 병든자들을 섬길 수 있도록 기도합시다
Let us pray that the Church be holier and more humble, loving God by serving the poor, the lonely and the sick.
Let us not forget the cry of Christians and all vulnerable populations in Iraq.
순교자들은 저희에게 부와 명성과 영예는 중요하지 않다고 가르치고 있습니다. 예수님이 유일하고 진정한 보물입니다.
The martyrs teach us that wealth, prestige and honor have little importance: Christ is the only true treasure.
My heart bleeds especially when I think of the children in Iraq. May Mary, Our Mother, protect them.
친애하는 젊은이들에게, 예수님은 저희에게 우리 삶에서 정말 중요한 것들을 놓치지 않고 볼 수 있도록 항상 각성하고 깨어 있으라고 하셨습니다.
Dear young people, Christ asks you to be wide awake and alert, to see the things in life that really matter.
천주의 성모마리아님, 저희가 하느님의 계획에 따라 세상을 바꿀 수 있도록 도와주십시오.
Mary, Queen of Heaven, help us to transform the world according to God’s plan.
Mary, Queen of Peace, help us to root out hatred and live in harmony.
성 요한 바오로 2세님, 저희 그리고 특별히 젊은이들을 위해 기도해주십시오.
Saint John Paul II, pray for us and especially for our youth.
한국에 하느님의 은총이 함께 하시기를 - 특별히 노년층과 젋은이들에게.
May God bless Korea – and in a special way, the elderly and the young people.
I thank all those who are courageously helping our brothers and sisters in Iraq.
한국으로의 여정을 시작하며, 한국과 아시아 전역을 위한 저의 기도에 동참해주시기를 부탁드립니다.
As I begin my trip, I ask you to join me in praying for Korea and for all of Asia.
An appeal to all families: when you say your prayers, remember all those forced from their homes in Iraq. #PrayForPeace
The news coming from Iraq pains me. Lord, teach us to live in solidarity with all those who suffer.
Those driven from their homes in Iraq depend on us. I ask all to pray, and for those who are able, to give material assistance.
Violence is not conquered by violence. Lord, send us the gift of peace. #prayforpeace
I ask the international community to protect all those suffering violence in Iraq.
I ask all Catholic parishes and communities to offer a special prayer this weekend for Iraqi Christians.
Lord, we pray that  you sustain those who have been deprived of everything in Iraq. #prayforpeace
Please take a moment today to pray for all those who have been forced from their homes in Iraq. #PrayForPeace
I ask all men and women of goodwill to join me in praying for Iraqi Christians and all vulnerable populations.
The Christian is someone who can decrease so that the Lord may increase, in his heart and in the heart of others.
If you hoard material possessions, they will rob you of your soul.
When we do not adore God, we adore something else.  Money and power are false idols which often take the place of God.
May each family rediscover family prayer, which helps to bring about mutual understanding and forgiveness.
May we be always more grateful for the help of domestic workers and caregivers; theirs is a precious service.
When one lives attached to money, pride or power, it is impossible to be truly happy.
The great threat in today’s world is the loneliness of hearts oppressed by greed.
The Lord loves a cheerful giver.  May we learn to be generous in giving, free from the love of material possessions.
The Church, by her nature, is missionary. She exists so that every man and woman may encounter Jesus.
Dear young people, do not be mediocre; the Christian life challenges us with great ideals.
The World Cup allowed people from different countries and religions to come together. May sport always promote the culture of encounter.
Do not be afraid to cast yourselves into the arms of God; whatever he asks of you, he will repay a hundredfold.
With God, nothing is lost; but without him, everything is lost.
Dear young people, do not give up your dreams of a more just world!
To live as true children of God means to love our neighbour and to be close to those who are lonely and in difficulty.
Jesus, help us to love God as Father and our neighbour as ourselves.
May Saints Peter and Paul bless the city of Rome and the entire pilgrim Church throughout the world.
To be friends with God means to pray with simplicity, like children talking to their parents.
In the face of life’s difficulties, let us ask the Lord for the strength to remain joyful witnesses to our faith.
The family is essential to sustaining human and social development.
How I wish everyone had decent work!  It is essential for human dignity.
Let us pray for the Christian communities in the Middle East, that they may continue to live in the land where Christianity was born.
There is so much indifference in the face of suffering.  May we overcome indifference with concrete acts of charity.
There is never a reason to lose hope.  Jesus says: “I am with you until the end of the world”.
Sometimes we cast the elderly aside, but they are a precious treasure: to cast them aside is an injustice and an irreparable loss.
May the Lord bless the family and strengthen it in this moment of crisis.
We run the risk of forgetting the suffering which doesn’t affect us personally.  May we respond to it, and may we pray for peace in Syria.
May we not resist the Holy Spirit but allow him to work in our lives, so that he can renew us, the Church and the world.
I wish everyone a wonderful World Cup, played in a spirit of true fraternity.
Let us pray for all victims of sexual violence in conflict, and those working to end this crime. #TimeToAct
May we never talk about others behind their backs, but speak to them openly about what we think.
I ask all people of good will to join us today in praying for peace in the Middle East. #weprayforpeace
Prayer is all-powerful. Let us use it to bring peace to the Middle East and peace to the world. #weprayforpeace
Peace is a gift of God, but requires our efforts. Let us be people of peace in prayer and deed. #weprayforpeace
Like the Good Samaritan, may we not be ashamed of touching the wounds of those who suffer, but try to heal them with concrete acts of love.
Thank you to all teachers: educating is an important mission, which draws young people to what is good, beautiful and true.
At times we can be self-absorbed.  Lord, help us to open our hearts to others and to serve those who are most vulnerable.
In the difficult moments of life, Christians can turn to the Mother of God and find protection and care.
Every Christian can witness to God in the workplace, not only with words, but above all with an honest life.
May we enter into true friendship with Jesus, so that following him closely, we may live with and for him.
Dear friends, please pray for me during my pilgrimage to the Holy Land.
To live by faith means to put our lives in the hands of God, especially in our most difficult moments.
We will never be disillusioned or lose our way if we are guided by God.
I ask all of you to pray for the victims of the floods in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in Serbia and in other countries in the region.
Come, Holy Spirit!  Help us to overcome our selfishness.
The one who listens attentively to the Word of God and truly prays, always asks the Lord: what is your will for me?
The month of May, dedicated to Mary, is a fitting time to begin to recite the rosary daily.
Our mission as Christians is to conform ourselves evermore to Jesus as the model of our lives.
Let us ask the Holy Spirit for the grace to live daily according to the mind of Jesus and his Gospel.
Let us pray for the miners who died in Turkey and for the latest victims of shipwreck in the Mediterranean.
Let us read the Gospel, a small section each day. This way we will learn what is most essential in our lives: love and mercy.
Our life has been saved by the blood of Christ. Let us always be renewed by this love.
Let us all join in prayer for the immediate release of the schoolgirls kidnapped in Nigeria.	#BringBackOurGirls
A family enlightened by the Gospel provides a school for Christian living! There one learns faithfulness, patience and sacrifice.
Holiness means giving ourselves in sacrifice every day. And so married life is a tremendous path to sanctity!
In our families we learn to love and to recognise the dignity of all, especially of the elderly.
A society which abandons children and the elderly severs its roots and darkens its future.
What does “evangelise” mean? To give witness with joy and simplicity to what we are and what we believe in.
Do not be afraid! Open the doors to Christ!
No one is more patient than God the Father; no one understands and knows how to wait as much as he does.
I ask everyone with political responsibility to remember two things: human dignity and the common good.
Who among us can presume to be free of sin?  No one. Let us ask God to forgive our sins.
Inequality is the root of social evil.
None of us can think we are exempt from concern for the poor and for social justice (EG 201).
We must not let ourselves fall into the vortex of pessimism. Faith can move mountains!
A simple lifestyle is good for us,  helping us to better share with those in need.
Each encounter with Jesus fills us with joy, with that deep joy which only God can give.
Christ is risen!  Alleluia!
Please join me in praying for the victims of the ferry disaster in Korea and their families
It is not easy to follow Jesus closely, because the path he chooses is the way of the Cross.
Each encounter with Jesus changes our life.
Holy Week is a good occasion to go to confession and to take up the right path again.
How beautiful it is to stand before the Crucifix, simply to be under the Lord’s gaze, so full of love. (EG 264)
Only trust in God can transform doubts into certainty, evil into good, night into radiant dawn.
Jesus teaches us to not be ashamed of touching human misery, of touching his flesh in our brothers and sisters who suffer. (EG 270)
We need to rediscover a contemplative spirit, so that the love of God may warm our hearts.
How good it is for us when the Lord unsettles our lukewarm and superficial lives.
In the Gospel we can hear Jesus speaking to us every day: may we always carry with us a small copy of the Gospel!
With Jesus our life becomes full. With him everything makes sense. (EG 266)
May we never get used to the poverty and decay around us. A Christian must act.
Dear parents, teach your children to pray. Pray with them.
Lent is a time to change direction, to respond to the reality of evil and poverty.
We live in a society that leaves no room for God; day by day this numbs our hearts.
We all need to improve, to change for the better. Lent helps us fight against our faults.
Lent is a time of grace, a time to convert and live out our baptism fully.
We cannot be tepid disciples.  The Church needs our courage in order to give witness to truth.
Jesus is never far from us sinners.  He wants to pour out on us, without limit, all of his mercy.
Jesus is our hope.  Nothing – not even evil or death – is able to separate us from the saving power of his love.
Sickness and death are not taboo subjects.  They are realities that we must face in Jesus’ presence.
May we learn to say “thank you” to God and to one another.  We teach children to do it, and then we forget to do it ourselves!
I greet the World School Network for Encounter. 	Today we plant the first virtual olive tree for peace. @infoscholas
Christian love is loving without counting the cost.  This is the lesson of the Good Samaritan; this is the lesson of Jesus.
Thank you for all your warm wishes on my anniversary. Please continue praying for me.
Please pray for me.
The challenge for Christian spouses:remaining together, knowing how to love one another always, and doing so in a way that their love grows.
Our deepest joy comes from Christ: remaining with him, walking with him, being his disciples.
Let us pray for Christians who are victims of persecution, so that they may know how to respond to evil with good.
Lent is a good time for sacrificing.  Let us deny ourselves something every day to help others.
In life we all make many mistakes. Let us learn to recognize our errors and ask forgiveness.
How to live a good marriage? United to the Lord, who always renews our love and strengthens it to overcome every difficulty.
Let us thank all those who teach in Catholic schools. Educating is an act of love; it is like giving life.
The Eucharist is essential for us: it is Christ who wishes to enter our lives and fill us with his grace.
In a family it is normal to take charge of those who need help. Do not be afraid of frailty!
All of us who are baptized are missionary disciples. We are called to become a living Gospel in the world.
Our Lady is always close to us, especially when we feel the weight of life with all its problems.
Let us never lose hope! God loves us always, even with our mistakes and sins.
Confirmation is important for Christians; it strengthens us to defend the faith and to spread the Gospel courageously.
Lord Jesus, make us capable of loving as you love.
Let us learn from Christ how to pray, to forgive, to sow peace, and to be near those in need.
To all who are sick, do not lose hope, especially when your suffering is at its worst.  Christ is near you.
Let us pray for peace in Africa, especially in the Central African Republic and in South Sudan. #prayforpeace
Dear young people, don’t be afraid to marry.  A faithful and fruitful marriage will bring you happiness.
Let us pray for seminarians, that they may listen to the voice of the Lord and follow it with courage and joy.
I greet all those who are sick and suffering.  Christ Crucified is with you; cling to him!
Today I ask you to join me in prayer for His Holiness Benedict XVI, a man of great courage and humility.
Let us pray for all good and faithful priests who dedicate themselves to their people with generosity and unknown sacrifices.
The Sacraments, especially Confession and the Eucharist, are privileged places of encountering Christ.
What zest life acquires when we allow ourselves to be filled by the love of God!
The world makes us look towards ourselves, our possessions, our desires.The Gospel invites us to be open to others, to share with the poor.
Dear young people, Jesus gives us life, life in abundance. If we are close to him we will have joy in our hearts and a smile on our face.
It is important to have friends we can trust. But it is essential to trust the Lord, who never lets us down.
May the World Day of Consecrated Life be a timely occasion to rediscover the centrality of Jesus in our lives.
Sometimes we are saddened by the weight of our sins. May we not be discouraged. Christ has come to lift this burden and give us peace.
No one saves oneself. The community is essential.
I cannot imagine a Christian who does not know how to smile. May we joyfully witness to our faith.
Let us pray for Christian unity. There are so many beautiful things which unite us
Dear young people, let us not be satisfied with a mediocre life. Be amazed by what is true and beautiful, what is of God!
It is easy to ask God for things; we all do it. When will we also learn to give him thanks and to adore him?
We are called to live our baptism every day, as new creatures, clothed in Christ.
Like Mary, may we nurture the light born within us at Christmas. May we carry it everywhere in our daily lives.
I join the March for Life in Washington with my prayers. May God help us respect all life, especially the most vulnerable
If we live the faith in our daily life, then our work too becomes a chance to spread the joy of being a Christian.
It is not enough to say we are Christians. We must live the faith, not only with our words, but with our actions.
Wars shatter so many lives. I think especially of children robbed of their childhood.
How powerful prayer is! May we never lose the courage to say: Lord, give us your peace.
Let us pray for peace, and let us bring it about, starting in our own homes!
May we always say thank you to God, especially for his patience and mercy.
The Lord is knocking at the door of our hearts. Have we put a sign on the door saying: “Do not disturb”?
No elderly person should be like an “exile” in our families. The elderly are a treasure for our society.
May we stop before the Child of Bethlehem and allow the tenderness of God to warm our hearts.
Let us contemplate the humility of the Son of God born into poverty. Let us imitate him by sharing with those who are weak.
Let us leave a spare place at our table: a place for those who lack the basics, who are alone.
Dear friends, I wish to thank you for the many kind Christmas greetings.  May the Lord bless you all!
Dear young people, Jesus wants to be your friend, and wants you to spread the joy of this friendship everywhere.
The Child Jesus reveals the tenderness of God’s immense love surrounding each one of us.
God does not reveal himself in strength or power, but in the weakness and fragility of a newborn babe.
Let us draw from the crib the joy and deep peace that Jesus comes to bring to the world.
In the face of the Child Jesus we contemplate the face of God. Come, let us adore him!
Our Mother Mary is full of beauty because she is full of grace.
May the joy of the Gospel be always in our hearts, especially this Christmas.
Before the Nativity scene, may we pray in a particular way for those suffering persecution for the faith.
Christ comes among us at Christmas: it is the perfect time for a personal encounter with the Lord.
The Lord is coming. May we await him with open hearts!
Christmas celebrations are often full of sound. It would be good for us to make room for silence, to hear the voice of Love.
Advent is a journey towards Bethlehem. May we let ourselves be drawn by the light of God made man.
This Christmas may we be consistent in living the Gospel, welcoming Jesus into the centre of our lives.
Let us pray that God grant us the grace of knowing a world where no one dies of hunger.
The love of God is not generic. God looks with love upon every man and woman, calling them by name.
We cannot resign ourselves to think of a Middle East without Christians.  Let us pray every day for peace.
This is Christian hope: that the future is in God’s hands.
Don’t be afraid to go to the Sacrament of Confession, where you will meet Jesus who forgives you.
We cannot think of a Church without joy.  This is the joy of the Church: announcing to all the name of Jesus.
Mary, Our Mother, sustain us in moments of darkness, difficultly and apparent defeat.
If we see someone who needs help, do we stop? There is so much suffering and poverty, and a great need for good Samaritans.
Dear young people, put your talents at the service of the Gospel, with creativity and boundless charity.
The cross is the price of true love. Lord, give us the strength to accept and carry our crosses!
Holiness doesn’t mean doing extraordinary things, but doing ordinary things with love and faith.
Fifty years ago, Vatican II spoke of communications. Let us listen to, dialogue with, and bring to Christ all those we encounter in life.
We are all called to be friends with Jesus. Don’t be afraid to love the Lord.
Your sins are great? Just tell the Lord: Forgive me, help me to get up again, change my heart!
The Church invites everyone to be embraced by the Father’s tenderness and forgiveness.
It is hard to forgive others. Lord, grant us your mercy, so that we can always forgive.
Let’s try to be open to God’s word, and open to the Lord’s surprises when he speaks to us.
The Church is missionary. Christ sends us forth to bring the joy of the Gospel to the whole world.
To live charitably means not looking out for our own interests, but carrying the burdens of the weakest and poorest among us.
The Sacraments are Jesus Christ’s presence in us.  So it is important for us to go to Confession and receive Holy Communion.
The Kingdom of Heaven is for those who place their trust in the love of God, not in material possessions.
To be saints is not a privilege for the few, but a vocation for everyone.
The Saints were not superhuman.  They were people who loved God in their hearts, and who shared this joy with others.
Confessing our sins may be difficult for us, but it brings us peace.  We are sinners, and we need God’s forgiveness.
Jesus kept his wounds so that we would experience his mercy.  This is our strength and our hope.
Dear young people, always be missionaries of the Gospel, every day and in every place.
Take care of God’s creation.  But above all, take care of people in need.
We remember the Philippines, Vietnam and the entire region hit by Typhoon Haiyan. Please be generous with prayers and concrete help.
God loves us.  May we discover the beauty of loving and being loved.
Our life must be centred on what is essential, on Jesus Christ.  Everything else is secondary.
I ask all of you to join me in prayer for the victims of Typhoon Haiyan / Yolanda especially those in the beloved islands of the Philippines
The Year of Faith is about to end.  Lord, in this graced moment, help us to take the Gospel seriously.
Saints are people who belong fully to God.  They are not afraid of being mocked, misunderstood or marginalized.
We need courage if we are to be faithful to the Gospel.
I thank all missionaries, men and women who quietly work hard for the Lord and their brothers and sisters.
The fight against evil is long and difficult.  It is essential to pray constantly and to be patient.
Christians know how to face difficulties, trials and defeat with serenity and hope in the Lord.
If money and material things become the center of our lives, they seize us and make us slaves
We are all sinners. But God heals us with an abundance of grace, mercy and tenderness.
Dear Followers I understand there are now over 10 million of you! I thank you with all my heart and ask you to continue praying for me
Too often we participate in the globalization of indifference. May we strive instead to live global solidarity.
The “throw-away” culture produces many bitter fruits, from wasting food to isolating many elderly people.
Being a Christian means renouncing ourselves, taking up the cross and carrying it with Jesus.  There is no other way.
The crucifix does not signify defeat or failure.  It reveals to us the Love that overcomes evil and sin.
If we are to know the Lord, we must go to him. Listen to him in silence before the tabernacle and approach him in the Sacraments.
To follow Jesus means putting him first, and stripping ourselves of all the things that oppress our hearts.
We cannot give up in the face of evil. God is Love and he has defeated evil through Christ’s death and resurrection.
Our prayer cannot be reduced to an hour on Sundays. It is important to have a daily relationship with the Lord.
Dear young people, do not be afraid of making decisive choices in life.  Have faith; the Lord will not abandon you!
Lord, have mercy! Too often we are blinded by our comfortable lives, and refuse to see those dying at our doorstep. #Lampedusa
When we encounter the Cross, we turn to Mary: Give us the strength, Mary our Mother, to accept and embrace the Cross!
The mystery of the Cross, a mystery of love, can only be understood in prayer.  Pray and weep, kneeling before the Cross.
The secret of Christian living is love.  Only love fills the empty spaces caused by evil.
Mercy is the true power that can save humanity and the world from sin and evil.
Dear young people, you have many plans and dreams for the future.  But, is Christ at the center of each of your plans and dreams?
Do we truly pray?  Without an abiding relationship with God, it is difficult to live an authentic and consistent Christian life.
Where we find hate and darkness, may we bring love and hope, in order to give a more human face to society.
Every marriage has difficult moments.  But these experiences of the Cross can make the path of love even stronger.
We do not become Christians by ourselves. Faith is above all a gift from God which is given to us in and through the Church.
God’s forgiveness is stronger than any sin.
Let us ask the Lord to give us the gentleness to look upon the poor with understanding and love, devoid of human calculation and fear.
The Church has no other meaning and finality than to witness to Jesus. May we not forget this.
True charity requires courage: let us overcome the fear of getting our hands dirty so as to help those in need.
Christ is always faithful. Let us pray to be always faithful to him.
We are all sinners, but we experience the joy of God’s forgiveness and we walk forward trusting in his mercy.
There are many people in need in today’s world. Am I self-absorbed in my own concerns or am I aware of those who need help?
Seeking happiness in material things is a sure way of being unhappy.
Sometimes it is possible to live without knowing our neighbours: this is not Christian.
Jesus is the sun and Mary is the dawn announcing his rising.
To follow Jesus means to share his merciful love for every human being #prayforpeace
The only war that we must all fight is the one against evil #prayforpeace
I thank everyone who participated in the prayer vigil and the fast for peace.#prayforpeace
Humanity needs to see these gestures of peace and to hear words of hope and peace! #prayforpeace
I ask each party to follow decisively and courageously the path of encounter and negotiation #prayforpeace
We ought never to lose hope.  God overwhelms us with his grace, if we keep asking.
Pray for Peace!	https://t.co/1RQ7TGub8L	#prayforpeace
All men and women of good will are bound by the task of pursuing peace. #prayforpeace
Dear young people, pray with me for peace in the world #prayforpeace
Peace is a good which overcomes every barrier, because it belongs all of humanity#prayforpeace
There is no such thing as low-cost Christianity.  Following Jesus means swimming against the tide, renouncing evil and selfishness
With all my strength, I ask each party in the conflict not to close themselves in solely on their own interests. #prayforpeace
Let the cry for peace ring out in all the world!#prayforpeace
With utmost firmness I condemn the use of chemical weapons.
We want in our society, torn apart by divisions and conflict, that peace break out!
By his coming among us, Jesus transforms our lives.  In him, we see that God is love, he is fidelity he is life who gives himself.
How much suffering, how much devastation, how much pain has the use of arms carried in its wake.
We want a peaceful world, we want to be men and women of peace.
War never again! Never again war!
Let us pray for peace: peace in the world and in each of our hearts.
Let us ask Mary to help us fix our eyes intently on Jesus, to follow him always, even when this is demanding.
Faith is not something decorative or for show. To have faith means to put Christ truly at the centre of our lives.
The love of God is not something vague or generic; the love of God has a name and a face: Jesus Christ.
Let us allow Jesus into our lives, and leave behind our selfishness, indifference and closed attitudes to others.
Jesus is the gate opening up to salvation, a gate open to everyone.
Don’t be afraid to ask God for forgiveness.  He never tires of forgiving us.  God is pure mercy.
Lord, teach us to step outside ourselves. Teach us to go out into the streets and manifest your love.
An excellent program for our lives: the Beatitudes and Matthew Chapter 25.
We cannot be Christians part-time.  If Christ is at the center of our lives, he is present in all that we do.
We cannot sleep peacefully while babies are dying of hunger and the elderly are without medical assistance.
Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners, and guide us on the way that leads to Heaven.
To be children of God, and brothers and sisters to one another: this is the heart of the Christian experience.
One cannot separate Christ and the Church. The grace of Baptism gives us the joy of following Christ in and with the Church.
We are all jars of clay, fragile and poor, yet we carry within us an immense treasure.
With his coming among us, Jesus came close to us and encountered us; also today, through the Sacraments, he encounters us.
The light of faith illumines all our relationships and helps us to live them in union with the love of Christ, to live them like Christ.
The security of faith does not make us motionless or close us off, but sends us forth to bear witness and to dialogue with all people.
Dear young friends, it is worth wagering one’s life on Christ and on the Gospel, risking everything for great ideals! #Rio2013 #JMJ
Now, young friends, we must continue to live day by day all that we have professed together at WYD.
What an unforgettable week in Rio!  Thank you, everyone.  Pray for me. #Rio2013 #JMJ
I am back home, and I assure you that my joy is much greater than my exhaustion!
I profoundly thank all those who have worked to make WYD a success and I embrace all of you who were present. #Rio2013 #JMJ
We need to model our lives on the life of Jesus, so as to share his sentiments and his thoughts. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Dear young people, be true "athletes of Christ"! Play on his team! #Rio2013 #JMJ
We cannot keep ourselves shut up in parishes, in our communities, when so many people are waiting for the Gospel! #Rio2013 #JMJ
Dear young friends, learn to pray every day: this is the way to know Jesus and invite him into your lives. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Bishops are the pastors of the People of God.  Follow them with trust and courage. #Rio2013 #JMJ
There is no cross, big or small, in our life which the Lord does not share with us. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Every Friday is an opportunity to remember how much Jesus has suffered for us.  Lord, never let us forget how much you love us.
What an unforgettable welcome in Copacabana!  May God bless you all! #Rio2013 #JMJ
The measure of the greatness of a society is found in the way it treats those most in need, those who have nothing apart from their poverty.
The Christian life is not limited to prayer, but requires an ongoing dedication and courage born of prayer. #Rio2013 #JMJ
May sports always be a means of exchange and growth, never of violence and hate. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Let us thank Blessed John Paul II for WYD and for the many vocations born during these 28 gatherings. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Never forget, young friends:  The Virgin Mary is our Mother and with her help we can remain faithful to Christ. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Dear young friends, Christ has confidence in you and he entrusts his own mission to you: Go and make disciples! #Rio2013 #JMJ
The Church is young, as everyone can see at WYD.  May the Lord always keep us all young at heart. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Thank you to all of you and to all the authorities for a magnificent welcome in Rio. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Today we begin a wonderful week in Rio; may it be a time to deepen our friendship in Jesus Christ.
I am arriving in Brazil in a few hours and my heart is already full of joy because soon I will be with you to celebrate the 28th WYD.
How many wish to be in Rio for WYD but can’t!  May they feel at one with us in prayer.
Dear young friends, I know that many of you are still travelling to Rio.  May the Lord accompany you on your way.
Many of you have already arrived in Rio and many more are just arriving.  We will see one another there in only three days.
In this Year of Faith, let us remember that faith is not something we possess, but something we share.  Every Christian is an apostle.
God is so merciful toward us.  We too should learn to be merciful, especially with those who suffer.
Prayer, humility, and charity toward all are essential in the Christian life: they are the way to holiness.
For a Christian, life is not the product of mere chance, but the fruit of a call and personal love.
In this Year of Faith let us aim to do something concrete every day to know Jesus Christ better.
Lord, grant us the grace to weep over our indifference, over the cruelty that is in the world and in ourselves.
If we wish to follow Christ closely, we cannot choose an easy, quiet life.  It will be a demanding life, but full of joy.
Christians are always full of hope; they should never get discouraged.
We pray for a heart which will embrace immigrants.  God will judge us upon how we have treated the most needy.
The Lord speaks to us through the Scriptures and in our prayer.  Let us learn to keep silence before him, as we meditate upon the Gospel.
Jesus is more than a friend.  He is a teacher of truth and life who shows us the way that leads to happiness.
Christ’s love and friendship are no illusion.  On the Cross Jesus showed how real they are.
We cannot live as Christians separate from the rock who is Christ.  He gives us strength and stability, but also joy and serenity.
A Christian is never bored or sad.  Rather, the one who loves Christ is full of joy and radiates joy.
Let’s learn to lose our lives for Christ, like a gift or a sacrifice.  With Christ we lose nothing!
Jesus didn’t save us with an idea.  He humbled himself and became a man.  The Word became Flesh.
Charity, patience and tenderness are very beautiful gifts.  If you have them, you want to share them with others.
Are we ready to be Christians full-time, showing our commitment by word and deed?
We are all sinners.  But may the Lord not let us be hypocrites.  Hypocrites don’t know the meaning of forgiveness, joy and the love of God.
If we have found in Jesus meaning for our own lives, we cannot be indifferent to those who are suffering and sad.
Let us never forget that it is the Lord who guides the Church.  He is the one who makes our apostolates fruitful.
Christians are ready to proclaim the Gospel because they can’t hide the joy that comes from knowing Christ.
Are you angry with someone?  Pray for that person.  That is what Christian love is.
Let the Church always be a place of mercy and hope, where everyone is welcomed, loved and forgiven.
How many kinds of moral and material poverty we face today as a result of denying God and putting so many idols in his place!
We must not be afraid of solidarity; rather let us make all we have and are available to God.
With the “culture of waste”, human life is no longer considered the primary value to be respected and protected.
Consumerism has accustomed us to waste.  But throwing food away is like stealing it from the poor and hungry.
Care of creation is not just something God spoke of at the dawn of history: he entrusts it to each of us as part of his plan.
Christ leads us to go out from ourselves more and more, to give ourselves and to serve others.
Sometimes we know what we have to do, but we lack the courage to do it.	Let us learn from Mary how to make decisions, trusting in the Lord.
The world tells us to seek success, power and money;	God tells us to seek humility, service and love.
In this Year of Faith, we pray to the Lord that the Church may always be a true family that brings God’s love to everyone.
The whole of salvation history is the story of God looking for us: he offers us love and welcomes us with tenderness.
The Church is born from the supreme act of love on the Cross, from Jesus’ open side.  The Church is a family where we love and are loved.
Dear young people, the Church expects great things of you and your generosity. Don’t be afraid to aim high.
Every time we give in to selfishness and say “No” to God, we spoil his loving plan for us.
We all have in our hearts some areas of unbelief. Let us say to the Lord: I believe!  Help my unbelief.
Miracles happen. But prayer is needed! Prayer that is courageous, struggling and persevering, not prayer that is a mere formality.
On the feast of Mary Help of Christians I join the Catholics in China who trust in the protection of Our Lady of Sheshan and I pray for them
Do I take the Gospel message of reconciliation and love into the places where I live and work?
To live according to the Gospel is to fight against selfishness. The Gospel is forgiveness and peace; it is love that comes from God.
I am close to the families of all who died in the Oklahoma tornado, especially those who lost young children. Join me in praying for them.
The Holy Spirit transforms and renews us, creates harmony and unity, and gives us courage and joy for mission.
We must learn from Mary, and we must imitate her unconditional readiness to receive Christ in her life.
Are our lives truly filled with the presence of God?  How many things take the place of God in my life each day?
We cannot be part-time Christians!  We should seek to live our faith at every moment of every day.
It is God who gives life.  Let us respect and love human life, especially vulnerable life in a mother’s womb.
Am I faithful to Christ in my daily life?  Am I able to “show” my faith with respect but also with courage?
Let us pray for the many Christians in the world who still suffer persecution and violence.  May God grant them the courage of fidelity.
The Holy Spirit helps us to view others with fresh eyes, seeing them always as brothers and sisters in Jesus, to be respected and loved.
The Holy Spirit brings to our hearts a most precious gift: profound trust in God’s love and mercy.
I have come that they may have life and have it in abundance, says Jesus.  This is where true wealth is found, not in material things!
Do not be content to live a mediocre Christian life: walk with determination along the path of holiness.
Let us ask our Lord to help us bear shining witness to his mercy and his love in every area of our Christian lives.
Every Christian is a missionary to the extent that he or she bears witness to God’s love.  Be missionaries of God’s tenderness!
Let us ask Our Lady to teach us how to live out our faith in our daily lives and to make more room for the Lord.
It would be a good idea, during May, for families to say the Rosary together.  Prayer strengthens family life.
My thoughts turn to all who are unemployed, often as a result of a self-centred mindset bent on profit at any cost.
Dear young friends, learn from Saint Joseph. He went through difficult times, but he always trusted, and he knew how to overcome adversity.
Let us put our trust in God’s power at work!  With him, we can do great things.  He will give us the joy of being his disciples.
How marvellous it would be if, at the end of the day, each of us could say: today I have performed an act of charity towards others!
The Holy Spirit truly transforms us.  With our cooperation, he also wants to transform the world we live in.
Join me in praying for the victims of the tragedy in Dhaka, Bangladesh,	that God will grant comfort and strength to their families
Dear young people, do not bury your talents, the gifts that God has given you!  Do not be afraid to dream of great things!
At this time of crisis it is important not to become closed in on oneself, but rather to be open and attentive towards others.
Let us keep the flame of faith alive through prayer and the sacraments: let us make sure we do not forget God.
Mary is the one who says “Yes”.  Mary, help us to come to know the voice of Jesus better, and to follow it.
Each one of us longs for love, for truth, for life – and Jesus is all of these things in abundance!
“The sheep that belong to me listen to my voice and I know them.” The voice of Jesus is unmistakable!  He guides us along the path of life.
Please join me in praying for the victims of the explosion in Texas and their families.
To enter into the glory of God demands daily fidelity to his will, even when it requires sacrifice.
Jesus’ ascension into heaven does not mean his absence, but that he is alive among us in a new way, close to each one of us.
Worshipping God means learning to be with him, stripping away our hidden idols and placing him at the centre of our lives.
Let us not forget: if we are to proclaim the Gospel of Jesus, our lives must bear witness to what we preach.
If we act like children of God, knowing that he loves us, our lives will be made new, filled with serenity and joy.
Being a Christian is not just about following commandments: it is about letting Christ take possession of our lives and transform them.
How beautiful is the gaze with which Jesus regards us – how full of tenderness!  Let us never lose trust in the patience and mercy of God.
God loves us.  We must not be afraid to love him.  The faith is professed with the lips and with the heart, through words and through love.
Accept the risen Jesus into your life. Even if you have been far away, take a small step towards him: he awaits you with open arms.
Support your priests with your love and prayers, that they may always be shepherds after Christ’s heart
To experience Holy Week is to enter more and more into God's logic of love and self-giving
Being with Jesus demands that we go out from ourselves, and from living a tired and habitual faith
We must not believe the Evil One when he tells us that there is nothing we can do in the face of violence, injustice and sin.
I am looking forward to next July in Rio de Janeiro! I hope to see all of you in that great Brazilian city!
True power is service.  The Pope must serve all people, especially the poor, the weak, the vulnerable.
Let us keep a place for Christ in our lives, let us care for one another and let us be loving custodians of creation.
Dear friends, I thank you from my heart and I ask you to continue to pray for me.  	Pope Francis.