Need to watch the 49ers ,d the Radiers are on the up and up
Georgia Bulldawgs,sic em
life is a book that you want to last forever,with each year being a chapter in your life.
sittin at work
Man child please, thanks Chad 85
money and cars, money and the clothes me i want to sucessful
got the house listed got to go to theoffice and put it on the web and sell the bitch. Make Money
Man this really sucks, got ESPN in the living room and in the bed and cant sleep, this is my life
man, i cant wait for football season, college and NFL.
watchin the george Lopez special on HBO, the mother fucker is funny.
just chilling, been a long day. got the check the today my listing will close at the end of the month.
Got this house almost under contract, i hope i can make this work.
man just sittin andwondering how much i could be fined for talking on twitter.
My boy TO spoke up for the man about time somebody did.
Welcome to Tunder dorm bitches, Mike Vick is on the way back.
vernon forrest RIP, Augusta loves u!
sittin at work, wonding if brett farve is coming back.
just chillin
sittin at work, has already been along weekend&gt;
The national can not catch a break,but then again with the AL it should have not been that close.
Dang i need to sell a house and quick! u know what i mean.
dang blake griffin the truth
sittin at work ready for tomorrow, got to try and get to church!
fixin 2 get a nap,after a long night of work,going to sleep if i stop watchin Mike and Mike on espn
Dang it has been  a long night, i cant wait until i get off ready to party atleast for one day
names. Bottom line a great football player is gone and for person that was always been low key off the field,sadly made up for ot this week
problem cause Mcnair had money, i he just bonded her out of jail,and why in the hell would mcnair buy a caddie and put it in both of there
she was thinkin mcnair was cheating on her. Hello he was marryed and on top of that he had money, if u did not have money that was her
i dont know what to think about the woman that shot steve Mcnair,they that she was making 2 car and her rent was fixn to go up and
well the Lakers sealed another champship today with Artest,just watch and see for all the Laker-haters
sitting at the house had a long day at the lake,better then working.
man, this has been a long night. The story on steve mcnair is real crazy
Sittin at work!