I awaken from my long Twitter nap to preview Tuesday's Supreme Court case on Internet sales taxes.  https://t.co/5WUg3y7f1J
SCOTUSBlog's Tom Goldstein says the site's Twitter feed has been blocked
FBI's technique for opening Syed Farook's iPhone unlikely to help police open hundreds of locked devices.  https://t.co/1iUp73IZAk
The US Supreme Court has scheduled argument in the same-sex marriage case for April 28th.
The US Supreme Court has agreed to take up the issue of same-sex marriage.
4th Circuit Appeals court declines to delay effect of July ruling striking down VA same-sex marriage ban. We'll see if defenders seek stay.
Atty General Eric Holder: US will recognize same-sex marriages in Utah, despite state's putting recognition on hold.
10th Circuit court denies Utah's request for stay of same-sex marriage ruling, so such marriages can continue.
Supreme Court agrees to take up challege to Obamacare contraceptive mandate on religious freedom grounds. Most likely heard in late March.
Former defense secretary and CIA director Robert Gates to lead Boy Scouts of America, the organization says.
US Supreme Court agrees to hear greenhouse gasses cases.
Scotus says the people who brought this case had no legal standing to bring the case to the Supreme Court,
This only allows same sex marriage to begin in California.  It does not affect same sex marriage in other states.
Scotus ruled the on Prop 8.  Same Sex marriage can begin again in California
We are still waiting for the court to rule on California's Prop 8 case
The plaintiff in the DOMA case Edie Windsor will no longer have to pay the money the IRS says she owes.
The impact of the case is the federal govt will have to re-work all their regulations to make benefits available to same sex couples
Its a significant ruling from the court.  We now await a decision on California's prop 8 case.
in a 5-4 decision written by Justice Kennedy, the court says the law is discriminatory
The Court found the Defense of Marriage act unconstitutional
Scotus has made a decision in the DOMA
Line began forming Thursday outside Supreme Court for Tue and Wed gay marriage arguments.
Obama Justice Dept to file Supreme Court amicus brief today opposing Prop 8 in Calif and expressing support for same-sex marriage to resume.
Justice Department to join whistleblower lawsuit against Lance Armstrong.
Boy Scouts delay gay ban decision until May, to be decided by full 1400 member national council
Boy Scouts actively consider dropping the ban on gay scouts and scout leaders. Would leave it up to local units to decide for themselves.
DC appeals court says recess appointments are valid only for long breaks between sessions and for vacancies arising during those breaks.
Big victory for Senate GOP in DC court of appeals, which held Obama recess appointments unconstitutional.
Chief Justice Roberts and President Obama got through this fourth recitation of the president's oath with no flubs.
Sotomayor and Biden recided VP oath perfectly, exactly as written by Congress in 1884.
US Supreme Court sets two days for oral argument on same-sex marriage cases.  Tue Mar 26 for Prop 8, Wed Mar 27 for Defense of Marriage Act
Supreme Court agrees to take up doma and prop 8
Supreme Court puts gay marriage cases on discussion list for Friday, December 7.
Supreme Court takes no action today on the same-sex marriage cases.
South Florida counties file stipulations in federal court, agreeing to continue same-day absentee voting through election day,
Manssor Arbabsiar, accused last year of plotting to murder Saudi ambassador to the US, to plead guilty today.
Supreme Court denies Ohio effort to cut back on early voting.
DC appeals court in opinion written by GOP judge overturns conviction of bin Laden's former bodyguard
No guidance today from Supreme Court on how many decision days next week. We know we'll have at least two: Monday, then others TBA.