RT @Writing69th: This excerpt is from an account that Writing 69th member Walter Cronkite wrote upon hearing that Robert Post of the New Yo…
RT @mccaffreyr3: Looking at my Golden Retriever’s beautiful old face. She has never had a bad thought. Never fails to love everyone she mee…
RT @MJGerson: “It is one thing to say that objectivity and fairness are ultimately unreachable. It is another to cease grasping for them. T…
RT @alanhe: Senator Graham stating the obvious: "Anytime your lawyer is convicted of anything it’s probably not a good day."
https://t.co/JYOG17VJzL
RT @nytopinion: "Over the course of my career as an undercover officer in the C.I.A., I saw Russian intelligence manipulate many people." h…
RT @pkcapitol: Two good people - @NFLNatalie @WCronkite - getting big jobs. Happy for both. One’s been gone from Hill for 8 years, the othe…
RT @CBSThisMorning: We have sad news to share about a former CBS News colleague. Longtime radio correspondent Bob Fuss has died from a rare…
RT @HamiltonCollege: A cane is awarded to each graduating senior during our commencement ceremony. The head of the cane forms a Continental…
RT @CraigCaplan: On Capitol Hill today while Congress is on recess this week. https://t.co/tfNR58UXh2
RT @Kuhn: Representing @HamiltonCollege at the annual #NerdProm party “Bytes &amp; Bylines” party! https://t.co/EScIwolmdR
RT @jmeacham: My @nytimes essay about the indomitable Mrs. Bush.	Barbara Bush, a First Lady Without Apologies https://t.co/nU11eyf1F4
Senator Kennedy (R-LA) leaves Zuckerberg hearing and says that Facebook is an incredible company that has done a lot of good, but it has issues with privacy and propaganda. He says Zuckerberg must fix it immediately- “I don’t want to regulate them, but we will if we have to.”
RT @RebeccaRKaplan: Rep. Esty announces that she won't seek reelection in 2018.
RT @jdickerson: During an earlier age of separation of powers where Congress exercised more power, the Tenure of Office Act provided that a…
RT @DaviSusan: Speaker Paul Ryan announces the late Rev. Billy Graham will lie in honor on Wednesday and Thursday in the U.S. Capitol rotun…
House Democratic Whip Hoyer says he is going to request that Republican leadership puts forward a 24 hour government spending bill while Senator Paul holds up the Senate vote.
RT @rebekahmetzler: That's a headline. https://t.co/zQj4uGsfhS
Rep Marcia Fudge (D-OH) just told reporters that she expects the bipartisan spending agreement to pass the House "overwhelmingly" this afternoon.
RT @stevenportnoy: "I assure you, we will have the [cloture] vote at 1am on Monday," McConnell says, urging Dems to allow it sooner.
RT @deirdrewalshcnn: Now House actually voting on whether or not a poster featuring Schumer quote/picture violated House rules #shutdown2018
RT @DaniellaMicaela: FYI for anyone visiting DC this weekend: The @smithsonian museums WILL be open Saturday and Sunday. 		I was told they…
RT @RebeccaRKaplan: Official guidance: no more votes in the house but expect to be in session and voting on Saturday. They will reconvene a…
RT @daveweigel: McConnell tells NPR that Obamacare repeal is probably DOA in 2018. “I think we’ll probably move on to other issues.” https:…
RT @rtcacaphill: Our outgoing 2017 Chair @CraigCaplan passing the gavel to @WCronkite! Thank you for all your hard work and dedication, @Cr…
McConnell tells reporters: "We have the votes" as he emerges from his meeting with Senate Republicans and walks to the Senate floor.
RT @AmlingAM: A good, devastating read. https://t.co/iiXGkNlKBW
RT @Phil_Mattingly: every time i start to get my head around the damn thing... https://t.co/DiGabwJ3WR
RT @dealbook: In an age of robots replacing humans and inequality, is universal basic income the tweak capitalism needs? https://t.co/iajX8…
RT @JakeSherman: Guys — here’s why tax reform is hard. Individual mandate repeal w Alexander Murray as part of tax reform will anger conser…
RT @jamiedupree: Here's the exchange https://t.co/xqvSKSV7pi
Sessions: "I have answered every question as I understood them to the best of my recollection."
Attorney General Sessions before the House Judiciary Committee: "The President has directed us to back our men and women in blue.... they are the solution to crime, not the problem."
Senator Luther Strange (R-AL) on Roy Moore: "The facts are unfolding. These allegations are very serious.  It’s really going to be up to the people of my state to try to make sense of this and decide how they want to proceed.”
NRSC Chair Cory Gardner (R-CO) says that if Roy Moore wins then the Senate should vote to expel him.
Ways and Means Committee approves their tax bill by a vote of 24-16. Republican leadership hope to hold a vote on the House floor next week.
Fusion GPS founder Glenn Simpson, who put together the Trump-Russia dossier, is meeting behind closed doors with the House intel committee.
RT @stevenportnoy: "He should not be read Miranda Rights, as enemy combatants are not entitled to them," McCain says. https://t.co/RRLG0pE0…
Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer says President Trump "ought to stop tweeting and start leading."
Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady (R-TX) announced that he'll release the tax bill text on Thursday. Pushed back from tomorrow.
RT @SenThomTillis: Rumors circulating that I’m hosting a bipartisan Senate Halloween dog costume celebration. Not rumors. It’s happening. #…
RT @rtcacaphill: This year's #RTCA2017 executive committee and Dinner Chair @jparkABC! https://t.co/Il4LXEUg09
RT @TheAtlantic: Journalism in America is in perilous shape, and independence is more important than ever, argues @JeffreyGoldberg https://…
Bill Gates, the world's richest man, is visiting the Capitol today. Here he is talking with Senator Bennet of Colorado. https://t.co/OcqSXYNoRX
Senate Republican Whip John Cornyn (R-TX) called for a hearing on proposals to ban gun accessories that increase the rate of fire.
Burr: "The issue of collusion is still open."
Intel Chair Burr: "We look forward to completing our work and presenting our findings to the public. I can't say when that date will be."
Senate Intel Vice Chair Warner: "Russian active measures did not end on election day 2016... we need to be on guard. "
RT @DonnaCassataAP: Sen. Kennedy to former Equifax chief on IRS deal:  To many Americans ... that looks like we’re giving Lindsay Lohan the…
Former Trump White House official Boris Epshteyn is meeting with member of the House intelligence committee. He avoided press on his way in.
RT @MarkWarner: If you add up what Russia spent intervening in our elections &amp; DOUBLE it, it's still less than 1/2 of the cost of an F-35.…
Rep Peter King (R-NY) is a NO on the President's tax plan right now because of the proposed elimination of the deduction for local taxes.
Senator McCain comes out against Graham-Cassidy, writing that Democrats and Republicans should work together on a bipartisan solution.
Senate health committee chairman Alexander announces he's unable to reach a sought after deal with Democrats to stabilize health insurance.
RT @John_Hudson: Trump aware of how provocative that line is. Official said yesterday “He will speak in extremely tough terms about the Nor…
RT @kristinapet: McConnell calls Graham-Cassidy an "intriguing idea," and one that has "a great deal of support." Doesn't say if it will co…
Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer to the Senate Armed Services Committee: "We have a problem in the Navy and we are going to fix it."
Senator Murkowski (R-AK) says she's undecided on Graham-Cassidy. She added "I like both of the guys."
Senator Gardner (R-CO) when asked about Graham-Cassidy, said he still needs to learn more about the bill.
RT @alanhe: Trey Gowdy on Trump/DACA: "I can’t do policy by Twitter so I don’t have any idea." https://t.co/Mzi0ThKKNR
RT @Mosheh: Former CIA Deputy Director @MichaelJMorell resigns as Senior Fellow at Harvard Kennedy school over their hiring of Chelsea Mann…
RT @CBSEveningNews: EXCLUSIVE: Sen. Tim Scott speaks to @nancycordes: @POTUS has "obviously reflected" on his Charlottesville comments http…
RT @BeschlossDC: John Glenn waterskiing with Jackie Kennedy near Hyannis Port, July 1962:   #AP https://t.co/PIZ6NUL7XX
Senator McCain, back at the Capitol, seems upbeat and energetic- joking with reporters as he walked to votes.
On a press call, Senate Democratic Leader Schumer says his caucus won't support any tax reform bill that cuts taxes on the top 1% of earners
RT @StevenTDennis: They were 1 vote away from skinny repeal w/o replace. https://t.co/doP4r7WTGR
RT @mawilner: Trump's budget is a "nice piece of paper that people read" before moving on to government business, Corker says, on proposed…
Senator Schumer advocating for a new trade agenda: "They are rapacious, the Chinese. They do not play by the rules. And we sit there!”
Senate Finance Chairman Hatch to Reuters on the President's proposed 15% corporate tax rate: "That's very unlikely." https://t.co/dRbP05f6nZ
Meadows told reporters minutes ago that he likes much of what he sees in the Graham legislation, but it needs some changes.
Freedom Caucus Chair Meadows says he opposes skinny repeal: "It increases rates, doesn't fulfill our promises, and we can do better."
The announcement included the news that the proposed border adjustability tax will be "set aside."
Ryan, McConnell and the White House issue joint statement that tax reform will move through Congressional committees this Fall.
Portman, leaving a meeting in McConnell's office, says he's still undecided on how he'll vote on healthcare.
Rep Brat, an influential voice within the HFC, said he'd likely support the revised Senate healthcare bill if it includes the Cruz amendment
Senate Majority Leader McConnell announces that he's delaying summer recess until the third week of August.
Senator Kennedy (R-LA) tells reporters that it's time for the Senate to either pass healthcare or move on. "It's time we fish or cut bait."
RT @LauraLitvan: Sen Bob Corker just said he expects tax cut for wealthy to come OUT of health bill to boost susidies for poor
RT @pkcapitol: Every Q @marcorubio is getting in this scrum with congressional press is about healthcare. We aren't distracted by tweets. h…
Senator Burr said after his hearing that he still hopes to issue a final report on Russian influence on the election by the end of the year.
Former Hillary Clinton campaign manager John Podesta is now briefing House intelligence committee members on Russian influence on election.
An estimated 22 million fewer Americans would be insured, largely because of eliminating the penalty for being uninsured.
The largest savings from the Senate healthcare bill would come from cuts to Medicaid over ten years.
Of the $1,022 billion in reduced spending, over $700 billion will go to tax cuts, largely from investment income and fees on health insurers
The CBO estimates that the Senate healthcare bill will reduce the federal spending by $1,022 billion over ten years.
RT @HurdOnTheHill: Ready to go live @CBSNLive - it's been a busy week! https://t.co/vYS3QTyLKF
Senator Hatch on whether Senate Republicans have 50 votes on healthcare: "I certainly hope so."
Senator Murkowski leaving the Senate GOP healthcare briefing: "Obviously we have a lot to look at."
RT @ericawerner: Tonight's Senate vote to confirm Federal Emergency Management Agency head  delayed til tomorrow due to weather emergency,…
In other news- Intel Committee Chairman Burr (R-NC) and Vice Chairman Warner (D-VA) met with Special Counsel Mueller today.
Speaker Ryan: "An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us." Met with a bipartisan standing ovation in the House chamber.
Rep Barton's young son was at the baseball practice and crawled under an SUV during the shooting.
Rep Barton credited Whip Scalise's Capitol Police protective detail for preventing further tragedy with their bravery.
Rep Joe Barton told CBS that shooting went on for 5-10 minutes, with perhaps hundreds of rounds exchanged.
RT @CraigCaplan: 47-53: Senate defeats efforts to block US arms sale to Saudi Arabia.
RT @deirdrewalshcnn: Sen Rules Comm Chair Shelby, asked about move to restrict Cap Hill press access, says it was "a miscommunication" &amp; "w…
RT @ChadPergram: Schumer on press access/GOP. They're afraid to talk about their health care bill. Trying to move cameras away because they…
RT @rtcacaphill: RTCA strenuously objects to Senate Rules Cmte's blockade of reporters' access to interviews w/ Senators in US Capitol &amp; Se…
Comey on Mueller investigation: "When he's done you can be sure he turned over all the rocks."
RT @annalecta: @jennifernvictor @OpenSecretsDC Former FBI Director James Comey also has a history of political donations, but a shorter one…
RT @TalKopan: Heinrich asks Comey: Did Trump ever ask how to protect America from Russian interference?	Comey: Never. Obama did.
RT @stevenportnoy: Bureau source says in solidarity, FBI employees have in recent days been circulating mugs w/Comey's face on them and "#c…
RT @edatpost: Most senators sitting spellbound. Heinrich, King, Burr, taking notes. Rubio &amp; Collins whisper with each other amiably. #Comey…
RT @NorahODonnell: "The FBI is honest, the FBI is strong, and the FBI is and always will be independent" #Comey @CBSNews #ComeyTestimony
Senator Burr on Comey's prepared testimony for tomorrow's hearing: "I don't think from what I've read there's evidence of wrongdoing."
Senator Warner to reporters after Coats/Rogers/Rosenstein hearing: "They could have laid all this to rest. They choose not to."
RT @kasie: Remarkable hostility toward intelligence chiefs in this hearing. Worth noting how much of a departure this is from the norm
NSA Director Rogers "I have never been directed to do anything I believe to be illegal, immoral, unethical, or innapropriate."
RT @kararowland: Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley tells reporters that President Trump did not give him a heads up on his new FBI D…
Senator John Cornyn (R-TX) on FBI nominee Christopher Wray. "So far he seems very impressive."
RT @CraigCaplan: Christopher Wray was confirmed by Senate to be Assistant AG for Criminal Division on Sept. 11, 2003 by voice vote https://…
Sen Warner says on CBS This Morning that the timing of the President's FBI announcement is an effort to distract from the Comey hearing.
RT @CBSNews: JUST IN: President Trump announces on Twitter he will be nominating Christopher A. Wray as new FBI director https://t.co/XS6Ah…
Senator Burr said that the documents Flynn submitted to the intel committee today are just the first batch of docs that he'll submit.
Senator Warner says intel committee has received documents from Michael Flynn. Can't say yet whether docs comply with committee's subpoena.
RT @markknoller: BREAKING: White House says Pres Trump will NOT exert Executive Privilege on testimony Thursday by former FBI Dir James Com…
RT @Loftus: @pkcapitol DC press corps preparation https://t.co/zccbeEkNf1
CBO estimates that AHCA would reduce the deficit by $119 billion over ten years. 23 million more people uninsured by 2026.
Sen. Hatch: "It's easy to jump aboard a splendiferous program. What's hard is to work within the framework of decent budgetary practice."
RT @ReutersZengerle: Last thought from House intelligence #TrumpRussia - word of the day: "Suborn" - to induce secretly to do an unlawful t…
Rep Trent Franks (R-AZ), leaving the VP's Capitol office, said he was there to discuss the North Korea threat and missile defense.
Vice President Pence is in his Capitol office meeting with members of Congress about tax reform and the budget.
Senator McCain: Joe Lieberman has more experience than all of my Democratic colleagues combined. So screw them. And you can quote me.
Sen. Graham said he expects Mueller to jealously guard his witnesses, making it less likely that Comey testifies before Congress.
Rep. Pete King (R-NY) says that while he has full confidence in Robert Mueller "I don’t as a general rule believe in special counsels."
RT @margbrennan: Former @FBI Director Mueller will oversee the probe into alleged links between Russia &amp; Trump campaign. No White House com…
Ways and Means Chair Brady: We'll continue to bring new solutions on border adjustments to the table for the WH and the Senate to review.
Senate intel committee has requested from the FBI any memos Comey may have written about the Russia investigation.
Rep Cole: I hope Director Comey will come before Congress under oath. If he’s got a charge to make, he needs to make it. I’m tired of leaks.
RT @BBCWorld: The moment scuffles break out in Washington DC between supporters and opponents of Turkey's President Erdogan https://t.co/yT…
Asked if the Comey memos are grounds for impeachment, Rep Amash responded: "If the allegations are true, yes."
Rep Justin Amash (R-MI) told CBS that he has more trust in James Comey's word than President Trump's word.
Senator Thune to CBS: Anytime we’re having discussions with the Russians and there’s sensitive information involved, yeah, that concerns me.
Leader Pelosi writes Speaker Ryan asking that Deputy AG Rosenstein brief the entire House in addition to the Senate. https://t.co/y4125b3qcD
McConnell's office announces that Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein will lead an all-Senate briefing on Thursday about James Comey's firing
RT @CBSEveningNews: Putin reacts to Comey firing: "We have nothing to do with that" https://t.co/qWoIBwZPmW https://t.co/ADTBze3j7X
Schumer requests that McConnell schedule briefings for the entire Senate to hear from the AG and deputy AG about the Comey firing.
Senate Democratic Leader Schumer: "If there was ever a time when circumstances warrant a special prosecutor, it is right now."
Sen Leahy's takeaway from the Yates hearing: "We better wake up to the threat we have from Russia."
Senator Graham on AHCA:"The House process? Not the best example of good government. The bill's been out for less than 24 hrs. No amendments"
Senator Rand Paul on the House passed AHCA:“I think the Freedom Caucus made the bill less bad. That’s the nicest thing I could think to say”
Majority Whip Scalise, heading to the Rose Garden press conference, told reporters he knew yesterday that he finally had the votes.
RT @MEPFuller: Coffman is one of the most vulnerable Republicans. I assume leadership is giving him a pass.		I don't think this changes the…
RT @edatpost: Overheard from a House aide outside GOP conference meeting: "I'm just excited to see the Senate deal with this for awhile."
"This will pass" House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters about the healthcare bill. Vote is scheduled for around 1pm today.
House Majority Leader McCarthy left the meeting with his conference confident they have the votes to pass healthcare bill this afternoon.
RT @nancycordes: .@stevescalise says some R's have switched 2 yes,wouldn't give #. "We're working on getting the votes we need but we're st…
RT @DrLaPook: .@TomColeOK04 just told me $2 billion funding increase for NIH thru September is an "unmistakable Congressional signal" re it…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: suggest everyone take a minute to read @pkcapitol on danger of trying to pack legislative action into small windows: ht…
Rubio was asked if the U.S. should be concerned about Russia's presence in Syria. His response: 'No. They should be concerned about us.'
The Senate voted on a party line vote to change the longstanding rules requiring 60 votes to confirm a Supreme Court Justice. 52-48.
Rep Conaway, new head of House Russia investigation, to CBS "We are going to conduct the investigation in an organized and efficient manner"
Rep Nunes has stepped aside from leading the Russia investigation. Rep Conaway is taking the lead in the investigation.
RT @NorahODonnell: Just left @SpeakerRyan's office. News on Russia, health care, taxes &amp; gov't shutdown tomorrow on @CBSThisMorning https:/…
Senator Graham said an independent commission "isn't justified yet." Added that Senate Intel is doing a good job investigating the matter.
Senator Graham told CBS that it's up to House leadership whether House Intel Chairman Nunes should step down from the Russia investigation.
RT @ericawerner: GOP Sen Roberts asked whether it's realistic for House R's to revive health care bill: "No. I'm about health cared out."
Schiff: "There was no legitimate justification for bringing that information to the White House instead of the committee."
House Intel Committee ranking member Adam Schiff has called for Chairman Devin Nunes to recuse himself from Russia investigation involvement
RT @DougHeye: Losing committee chairs on key votes has long been a problem. Can't blame/punish only HFC if hand-picked leaders go south. ht…
Rep Frelinghuysen (R-NJ), announced that he's opposed to AHCA. Rare to see the chairman of powerful committee going against the party line.
The House Freedom Caucus met late tonight but didn't announce a position on AHCA. Rep Amash (R-MI) predicted the bill will fail tomorrow.
RT @pkcapitol: "Burn the ships," one House R tells Scalise leaving GOP meeting, citing Cortes upon landing in Mexico. "Only way to do it,"…
Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady confirms that House will not have an updated CBO score before they vote tomorrow.
RT @cimarcos: Amendment expected to include repeal of essential health benefits, per aide. CBO's updated analysis today didn't review that…
RT @costareports: Several Trump advisers today urged him to tell the House that the vote is happening Friday and if they're going to burn h…
House Freedom Caucus members returning to Hill from the WH say no deal on healthcare yet.
House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-MD) says not a single Democratic representative will vote for the American Health Care Act.
Chaffetz and Cummings both praised DHS Sec Kelly after his briefing. Said Kelly walked the intruder's route personally after the incident.
Rep Chaffetz called the Secret Service's response to the WH grounds intruder "pathetic at best" after briefing from Secretary Kelly.
Ranking Member Schiff after the hearing:"I hope the President will have the strength of character to apologize" for wire tap claims.
Comey on informing DNC of the hack: "Knowing what I know now I might have walked over there myself."
Comey said the U.S. must expect that Russians will try to influence the 2020 election as well. "We have to assume that they're coming back."
Comey says the Russians were "unusually loud" in their involvement in 2016 election. 'Almost like they didn't care or wanted us to find out'
RT @RebeccaRKaplan: Graham on whether he believed Trump would win, deliver conservative justice: "I obviously didn’t believe that, given th…
FBI Director Comey says it's clear to the intelligence community that Russia had a strong preference for Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton
RT @timkmak: I'm sure the House Intelligence Committee would love to have you testify under oath https://t.co/QEN0CxW8lN
Intel ranking member Schiff: "We are engaged in a new war of ideas- not communism versus capitalism, but authoritarianism versus democracy"
Nunes added: "It's still possible that other surveillance activities were used against President Trump and his associates."
Intel Chairman Nunes: Let me be clear: I’ve been saying this for several weeks, we know there was not a physical wiretap on Trump Tower.
Rep Meadows (R-NC) says he whipped "no" on healthcare bill. Estimates 40-50 whipping no, another 20 undecided.
Pelosi notes at a presser that over 800 pages of the Affordable Care Act are included in the American Health Care Act.
Senate Democratic Leader Schumer: "If there was ever a war on seniors, this bill, Trumpcare, is it."
House Democratic Leader Pelosi: I hope that they would pull the bill. It's the only decent thing to do.
Schumer:"The CBO score shows just how empty the president's promises, that everyone will be covered and costs will go down, have been."
Speaker Ryan statement: the CBO confirms that the AHCA will lower premiums, provide massive tax relief, and dramatically reduce the deficit.
RT @stevenportnoy: Things the GOP will point to --	1-Plan reduces deficits by $337 bln	2-Premiums would decrease after 2020	3-Nongroup mark…
CBO analysis finds that the American Health Care Act will reduce federal spending on Medicaid by $880 billion over ten years.
The CBO analysis finds that an additional 24 million people will be uninsured by 2026 under the American Healthcare Act.
CBO scores the American Healthcare Act over the next decade will reduce federal outlays by $1.2 trillion and reduce revenue by $0.9 trillion
I counted 60 standing ovations. 34 were mostly just Republicans standing. 26 were bipartisan.
RT @DaviSusan: So $200m to build it. And about $9m annually to run it. And less than 3k ride it. For free. cc: @pkcapitol https://t.co/D45V…
A crowd of hundreds is lined up outside Rep David Brat's town hall in Blackstone, VA.  Both opponents and supporters.
Spotted: Senators Graham and Warner having a bipartisan dinner at Cafe Berlin on Capitol Hill.
At the House Democratic Issues Conference in Baltimore, Leader Pelosi asks: "What on earth could the Russians have on President Trump?"
RT @nancycordes: .@senatorcarper, returning fm Natl Prayer Bkfst: "When he started talking abt Schwarzenegger, I thought, 'God, you might w…
RT @JSwiftTWS: McCain ftw.		https://t.co/B7sHcqLnAQ https://t.co/KlJBRqjFKR
RT @JusticeWillett: #SCOTUS history—		Judge Gorsuch will be the 1st #SCOTUS Justice to serve alongside the Justice for whom he once clerked…
RT @seungminkim: Sessions has been voting on Cabinet nominees. And this appears to be why GOP leaders want to move DeVos before Sessions ht…
Senators Collins (R-ME) and Murkowski (R-AK) will vote against Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education.
McCain to CBS: I don’t respond to all of the things that the President says. I just do my duty and do what I think I need to do.
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Simply put, any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila, or margaritas is a big-time bad idea. Mucho…
McConnell asked about changing regulations on torture:Virtually all my members are comfortable with the state of the law on that issue now.
Senate Republican Conference Chair John Thuse says Congress views ban on torture as "settled law."
House Republican Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers says tax reform discussion right now premised on keeping it revenue neutral.
RT @alanhe: During her weekly presser Pelosi called Trump's claims re: voter fraud "really strange" and said that she "felt sorry" for Trum…
RT @jkelly3rd: To be clear. If you work for federal agency and you are being told not to tell the public something, then tell us. We will v…
Schumer: There has been deficit spending on infrastructure since Henry Clay.
Schumer: These are all very important nominees. To have a few days' discussions on them- that makes sense.
Schumer: Mr. President, if you really want to put America first, label China a currency manipulator.
RT @parisreview: “I want students to learn the quality of the prose matters in nonfiction, that it matters in history.” —Robert Caro https:…
RT @CraigCaplan: Senate cmtes voting Tuesday on Trump Cabinet nominees:	Banking:  Carson	Commerce: Chao &amp; Ross  	Energy: Perry &amp; Zinke	Judi…
RT @KellyO: Only handful of news organizations keep staff on duty inside WH 7 days a week, 12 plus hours a day. None given question yet
Rep Price in HHS nomination hearing says he made decisions on certain stock picks, not his broker. Said he didn't have non-public info.
RT @jeffzeleny: To Devos, @BernieSanders asks how much family has given to GOP. "I wish I could give you that answer. I don't know." $200M?…
RT @frankthorp: Q from @WCronkite to @PatRoberts: What to you make of the Dems skipping the inauguration?		Roberts: "Not very much."
RT @RebeccaRKaplan: Total devastation after a house fire in Baltimore early Thursday morning. 6 children died; 3 and their mother escaped h…
The Senate passed a budget by 51-48. It includes a repeal of Obamacare. House expected to vote on Friday. Then reconciliation process.
Sen Graham on Trump: "He won, I lost. I want to help him where I can."
RT @RebeccaShabad: I'd like to ban the use of acronyms that aren't NASA, the FBI or CIA
RT @AliWatkins: Comey: "We never confirm or deny the existence of an invetigation." 	King: "The irony of you making that statement here..."
Spotted General Mattis walking the public hallways of Russell Senate Office Building with no aides or security. Rare to see that from a VIP.
Ryan is meeting with Kushner, Preibus, Bannon, Mnuchin and others in his office to discuss tax reform. They ordered in Italian dinner.
Top Trump team officials are meeting with Speaker Ryan in his office this evening.
DNI report: "DHS assesses that the types of systems Russian actors targeted or compromised were not involved in vote tallying."
DNI report: "We further assess Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump."
RT @BrookingsFP: 3 reasons Putin might have wanted to interfere in the US presidential election, according to Fiona Hill: https://t.co/avty…
Go Hamilton! Building up our presence on Capitol Hill. https://t.co/dbWvrN7h4t
Senator Graham, noting that interference in elections goes beyond espionage, says that U.S. should be throwing rocks in return, not pebbles
Brennan: I don't think we've ever encountered a more aggressive campaign to interfere with our election than this case.
Clapper on the U.S. retaliating against foreign acts of espionage:"People who live in glass houses need to be careful about throwing rocks."
Clapper on OPM hack: We did not retaliate for an act of espionage any more than other countries retaliate against us for espionage.
RT @Emma_Dumain: Gloves off. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., first member of committee to ask Clapper who stands to benefit from president trashin…
RT @ericawerner: Clapper: "I think there's a difference between skepticism and disparagement."
DNI Clapper says he will give an all Senate and all House classified briefing next week and then release an unclassified report for public.
DNI Clapper on Russian efforts: "The hacking was only one part of it. It also entailed classic propaganda, false information, fake news."
Senator McCain (R-AZ): "Adversaries have reached a common conclusion- that the rewards of cyber attacks against the US outweigh the risks."
Senate Armed Services Committee ranking member Jack Reed (D-RI) calls for a special select committee to investigate Russian hacking.
President Obama is heading to Capitol Hill on Wednesday to meet with House and Senate Democrats about how to protect Obamacare next Congress
RT @stevenportnoy: BIG NEWS! CBS's @WCronkite has been elected 2018 chair of the Radio-Television Correspondents Assn, representing broadca…
RT @ChadPergram: Rep Mulvaney says he noticed desk was misplaced after moving offices in Rayburn. Says they tell mbrs to leave items in des…
RT @ChadPergram: It's not quite something from Sherlock Holmes or Agatha Christie. But Rep Mick Mulvaney's desk is now missing after his of…
Schumer: "We are going to need everyone- everyone- to stand together next year to push back any attempt to privatize or weaken Medicare."
RT @BresPolitico: House GOP aide said Trump transition team asked Freedom Caucus not to move forward on Koskinen impeachment resolution, bu…
The House is voting to refer the impeachment of IRS Commissioner Koskinen to Judiciary Committee, to avoid an up and down vote to impeach.
RT @ChadPergram: Only 1 GOPer voting against killing resolution to impeach Koskinen: Rep. Don Young (R-AK), most sr GOPer in Hse
Biden, asked about running in 2020, says as he walks into his meeting with House Dems, "I'm going to announce right now." Joking?
Congressional leadership plan to post a Continuing Resolution tomorrow that would fund the government until April 28th, sources tell CBS.
Moulton: "We’re lucky that Trump may be picking him for his nickname but those of us who know General Mattis believe he’ll do a good job."
Rep Seth Moulton (D-MA), who served under General Mattis in Iraq, "He’s a great leader. He’s a true warrior-scholar."
RT @pkcapitol: There are 198 possible Dem votes (194 members + 4 delegates). So Pelosi's Magic Number to meet her self declared expectation…
RT @RebeccaRKaplan: Amazing map w/ history of DC buildings. Love the note on the Capitol permit: "It's complicated." 	https://t.co/xEpPrGnw…
RT @pkcapitol: Basically Sirius/XM &amp; Netflix about $8-$15 a month. NYT and WaPo about $9-$10 a month. https://t.co/ARsT8WizoP
Grassley said he expects the confirmation hearings for Sessions to take place before the inauguration, as they did for Holder and Ashcroft.
Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley: Everyone on the Committee knows Senator Sessions to be an honorable man. A man of integrity.
RT @lbarronlopez: Warren on Cures Act: "I will not vote for this bill because I know the difference between compromise and extortion."
Rep Crowley (D-NY) told reporters that he's listening to his colleagues as he decides whether to challenge Pelosi for minority leader.
Rep Tim Ryan (D-OH) said that he'll decide in the next few hours whether to challenge Pelosi for Democratic Leader position.
Schumer said he's ready to "stand should to shoulder with Republicans" on areas of common ground, "but we will go toe to toe" when necessary
Schumer said each member of his Democratic leadership team believes that Democrats "need a sharper, bolder economic focus."
Incoming Senate Majority Leader Schumer announced this morning that Senators Sanders, Klobuchar, and Manchin will join Democratic leadership
Rep Cole (R-OK) walking into a House Republican conference meeting when asked about divisions in the conference: "Victory heals all wounds."
Shocked by the devastating news about Gwen Ifill. In every interaction I had with her she was gracious and sharp. What a loss.
Pelosi: "There must be no sugarcoating the reality that a white nationalist has been named chief strategist for the Trump Administration."
Leader Pelosi announces House Democratic leadership elections will be held on Thursday, November 17th.
Ryan spokeswoman: "Speaker Ryan is excited for the potential for unified Republican government and eager to get to work with Mr. Trump."
Donald Trump, visiting the Capitol, tells the press his legislative priorities will be immigration, healthcare, and jobs.
Leader McConnell said his two priorities for the lame duck session are funding the government and passing 21st Century Cures.
RT @BresPolitico: Trump has ended Bush &amp; Clinton dynasties, pushing them both off national stage for the first time in decades.
Ryan: "This needs to be a time of redemption not a time of recrimination."
RT @emilyrs: Bush 43 spox confirms to @CBSNews that Bush and his wife Laura left their presidential ballots blank, voted Republican in down…
Pelosi says that when FBI Director Comey sent his letter to Committee chairs he became "the leading Republican operative in the country."
@FrankieMcLister @Cronkite_ASU Thanks for including me in the celebration! My grandfather was so proud of the Cronkite School.
FBI Director Comey informs Congress that FBI is investigating new Clinton emails to determine whether they contain classified information.
RT @sabagl: A long, long time ago, in a land far far away, politics had grace. George H.W. Bush's letter to Bill Clinton on leaving office:…
RT @JeffFlake: .@realDonaldTrump saying that he might not accept election results is beyond the pale
Pelosi on whether she thinks Democrats will retake the House: "I feel pretty good about it. I think we'll be in single digits either way."
Pelosi said that Trump questioning the validity of the election with no basis in facts is "so irresponsible that it goes beyond the pale."
In a press conference this morning, Pelosi said she hoped that McConnell and Ryan speak out against Trump's allegations of a rigged election
Speaker Ryan: "I fully intend to maintain our embargo on Cuba."
RT @stevenportnoy: By our @CBSNews count, close to a dozen House Republicans have publicly called for Trump to quit the race. (But 230+ hav…
Senate Majority Leader McConnell: "These comments are repugnant, and unacceptable in any circumstance."
RT @jdickerson: Team @facethenation in St. Louis watching new @realdonaldtrump video. https://t.co/SkAfOF5qDb https://t.co/NEYLJ9ZI5u
RT @CBSNewsPress: .@CBSNews' @WCronkite begins tonight's #Cronkite100 @Newseum by remembering his grandfather. https://t.co/Hi0PXLMuwP
RT @stevenportnoy: Nice job, broadcasters. @FEMA's EAS test appears to have gone off in DC without a hitch.
RT @mkraju: "I think I'll be in Gitmo," Jeff Flake says in halls when asked about Trump becoming president
The Senate voted 97-1 to override the President's veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. Democratic Leader Reid sole NO vote
RT @mmcauliff: James Comey: I never affirmatively believe anybody except my wife.
McConnell on the Senate floor calls Shimon Peres the "embodiment of a nation the United States is proud to call an ally and a close friend."
The Senate will vote at around noon tomorrow on overriding the President's veto of JASTA.
RT @pkcapitol: Override of JASTA is now certain, Corker says. Focus is not defeating tomorrow's vote but working long term on "corrective"…
Majority Leader McConnell on Trump's debate performance: "I think he did just fine."
Senator Reid on Trump: His tax returns would show he's a spoiled brat who inherited his daddy's money and hasn't done too well with it.
The Senate will vote to override the President's veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act on Wednesday- per McConnell's office.
RT @reynoldscat: @SpeakerRyan on Donald Trump: I'm glad he is making in-roads into the African American community... half of it is just sho…
RT @FaceTheNation: .@SpeakerRyan: "Donald Trump is new." You're not going to see a conventional campaign because he is not a conventional p…
RT @MEPFuller: This is basically the closest Congress has come to tax reform this year. https://t.co/udhVIPMZlD
McConnell has filed a CR to fund the government until Dec. 9th. Mikulski says Dems will oppose the bill, citing lack of funding for Flint.
Senator Murphy (D-CT) demands Trump release his tax records so voters can see his financial relationship with Russia and Russian oligarchs.
RT @stevenportnoy: Ryan promises "low-drama" for CR, says he "really not that worried."
Senator King (I-ME) cites an unrelated Republican policy rider removing protections for sage grouse as holding up the defense funding bill.
Senator Paul: Saudi Arabia's indiscriminate placement of weapons into the Syrian Civil War has led to the rise of ISIS.
The Senate voted down the resolution to disapprove of the Saudi arms sale by a vote of 71-27.
McConnell on vote against arms sale to Saudi Arabia: They don't have to buy this equipment from us. They can buy it from someone else.
McCain opposing Rand Paul's measure to disapprove sale of tanks to Saudi Arabia: "This vote will resonate throughout the entire Middle East"
Majority Leader McConnell says it's "safe to say we'll be here next week" as CR negotiations continue.
Reid and McConnell said in opening statements on the Senate floor that they are working towards a deal on CR/Zika- but not there yet.
Former Speaker Boehner joins the corporate board of Reynolds American Inc., maker of the Camel cigarrettes he smokes https://t.co/BbYCpgjsbr
RT @kristinapet: Cornyn says talk that the Senate would wrap up this week was "irrational exuberance."
The Senate passes a water bill authorizing $9.4 billion in spending for clean water and waterways infrastructure. Includes Flint relief.
RT @CraigCaplan: McConnell just moved today's Senate procedural vote to proceed to CR/Zika funding bill to Monday 530p to allow negotiation…
A Harvard Business School study finds political paralysis the biggest drag to U.S. economic competitiveness https://t.co/diaFg4Rtil
Democratic Leader Reid: "Trump is a human leech who will bleed the country and sit at the golf course laughing at the money he made."
Good read from the Washington Post about Senator Harry Reid https://t.co/ozEKhzJOMs
Senator Thune told reporters that it's advantageous for Democrats to draw out CR negotiations to keep incumbent Senators off the trail.
Democratic Leader Reid: "Look at Donald Trump. He's 70 years old. He's not slim and trim. He brags about eating fast food every day."
Democratic Leader Reid on the Senate floor: "The Republican Congress is bought and paid for by the Koch brothers."
RT @MarkThompson_DC: Bob Timberg, 1941-2016. Great Marine, reporter and author. Semper Fi. https://t.co/meyWwrpxAA https://t.co/4Cs03WIQ47
Senator Murray this morning on the possibility of Zika funding in the CR "We'll take it any way they get it. Drop the riders, get this done"
RT @stevenportnoy: "We'll figure out how to get this done," Ryan tells reporters re: #Zika funding. Accuses Sen Dems of being "wholly parti…
Democratic Leader Reid on the Senate floor about Trump: "He is a bigot. He is a scam artist. He won't show us his tax returns.."
RT @markknoller: From @WCronkite: $1.1-billion Zika funding bill again blocked in Senate. Dems objected to political provisions in the meas…
Speaker Ryan announced that VP nominee Mike Pence will meet with the House GOP conference on Tuesday, Sept. 13th.
In an interview on WRJN this morning, Speaker Ryan criticized the FBI for releasing Clinton email documents on the Friday before Labor Day.
Speaker Ryan in a radio interview this morning said he hasn't spoken with Donald Trump since the Republican convention.
RT @mikedebonis: RYAN on radio says he's still not breaking with Trump: 'We are a grassroots party. We aren't a superdelegate party....'
RT @pkcapitol: I've covered Pence &amp; Kaine, and Kaine's biggest issue heading into the debate will be expectations because he's considered m…
NRSC on David Duke running for Senate in Louisiana: "He will not have the support of the NRSC under any circumstance."
Pelosi on Pence: Mike Pence personifies the radical agenda of discrimination and bigotry that House Republicans have been pushing for years.
The Senate passes the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act 92-2. Sends the legislation to the President's desk.
The Senate confirms Carla Hayden for a term of ten years as Librarian of Congress. First woman and African-American to hold the position.
Ryan says the House GOP welfare reform plan would customize benefits to a person and make work pay.
Speaker Ryan on CNN says Justice Ginsburg's comments on Trump "clearly call into question her bias."
RT @BresPolitico: No one fazed at all inside Capitol during lockdown. Members, staff, tourists calmly strolling around
Majority Leader McConnell calls Justice Ginsburg's comment about Trump "totally inappropriate."
RT @stevenportnoy: Murphy mental health bill appears headed for near-unanimous passage -- despite concerns from patient advocates that it w…
Senator McCain: "I welcome President Obama’s decision to reverse his previous plan to drawdown U.S. forces in Afghanistan."
Ryan also called on Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to deny Clinton classified intelligence reports during the campaign.
Speaker Ryan said that FBI Director Comey's press conference yesterday "raises more questions than answers."
Rep Nita Lowey, the Democratic ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, says there's no movement on Zika funding negotiations.
RT @MajorCBS: Comey on #HRC server "No reasonable prosecutor would bring a case." Determination hinged on definition  "intentional" &amp; "gros…
Reid on Lynch/Clinton meeting: "No one can ever question her strong feelings about the rule of law. And her ethics, I repeat, are the best."
RT @nielslesniewski: House took a National Sea Grant College Program bill and made it the Defund Planned Parenthood Act. Now going to be a…
The Senate invokes cloture on the Puerto Rico debt relief bill by a vote of 68-32. The President will sign the bill after final passage.
RT @SenatorReid: Believe it or not, the GOP Zika bill reverses the ban on flying the confederate flag at military cemeteries. Really! Idiot…
Gowdy refuses to say whether Clinton "lied" about the Benghazi attack. "That's a word you couldn't use in a courtroom."
Benghazi Committee Chairman Gowdy: I am at peace that we had more information than the other committees had.
Speaker Ryan on Brexit: "I believe markets will eventually stabilize."
Rep. John Lewis and House Democratic leaders sing "We shall overcome" after ending an almost 26… https://t.co/q855lRHd4O
Lewis: "We must come back here on July 5th more determined than ever before."
Congressman John Lewis is speaking on the House floor wrapping up the sit-in. "I'm very proud of each and every one of you."
John Lewis: "We have other bridges to cross, and when we come back in July we will start all over again."
House approved the conference report authorizing an additional $1.1 billion in funding to combat Zika. Senate must now approve for passage.
House Democrats are singing "We shall overcome" on the House floor.
RT @rtcacaphill: The RTCA Executive Committee's response to today's demonstration in the House chamber. https://t.co/II5FU4SQxX
RT @stevenportnoy: The latest update from the whip's office indicates GOP leaders STILL intend to hold votes in the House today...
Republican Whip Scalise tells CBS: "We are not going to let them take away the rights of people’s voices to be heard on the House floor."
House Republican Leader McCarthy and House Democratic Whip Hoyer spoke for several minutes at the back of the House chamber.
RT @stevenportnoy: The cameras are owned and controlled by the House Recording Studio, NOT C-SPAN...  https://t.co/2yb34x4UPT
RT @repjohnlewis: My colleagues &amp; I have had enough. We are sitting-in on the House Floor until we get a vote to address gun violence. http…
House Democrats, including John Lewis, are sitting on the floor of the House in front of the rostrum, demanding gun control legislation.
Members leaving the House Democratic Caucus meeting with Clinton say the room was completely unified around her.
CBS News confirms that Marco Rubio is running for re-election to the Senate from Florida.
Hillary Clinton is meeting now with the House Democratic Caucus. Reporters can hear loud applause coming from the room.
RT @markknoller: WH/Earnest said Senate GOP "protecting the ability of terrorists to buy guns" by not passing "no fly, no buy" measure.
RT @Mosheh: Three under arrest at Holland tunnel headed into NYC with loaded guns, body armor, cache of ammunition @cbsnlive https://t.co/y…
RT @pkcapitol: It truly is a massive entourage, for a non-candidate. Much bigger detail than Speaker of the House.  https://t.co/nxma9TgrWH
RT @HotlineJosh: Political takeaway: Democrats up in 2018 more worried about the vote than Republicans up in 2016. https://t.co/piYdafEwfH
Senator Bill Nelson (D-FL): "What am I going to tell 49 grieving families...sadly I'm going to have to tell them the NRA won again."
Senator Murphy (D-CT) after his gun control bill failed to advance: "I'm mortified by today's vote, but I'm not surprised by it."
Speaker Ryan calls for the Obama administration to release the full transcript from the Orlando shooter's 911 calls.
RT @alanhe: On the Senate Floor @SenTedCruz slams @ChrisMurphyCT led filibuster as "political gamesmanship" https://t.co/g9RhXLwonV
RT @margbrennan: Mohammed bin Salman, Deputy Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, is meeting @SpeakerRyan at 3pm this afternoon.
RT @ChadPergram: Corker on Trump: I did not think yesterday's speech was the type of speech 1 would expect from someone wanting to lead the…
RT @sahilkapur: Reporter asks Lindsey Graham about Russians hacking DNC for Trump oppo.		Graham: "Are you making that shit up?"		https://t.…
Ryan continues to condemn Trump's proposed ban on Muslims entering the U.S. Ryan said moderate Muslims are key allies against radicals.
RT @stevenportnoy: With at least 50 fatalities, the Pulse nightclub attack is the deadliest mass shooting on record in the US.
RT @Poynter: This Vermont newspaper is having an essay contest. https://t.co/yZeZSmCIJD The prize? This Vermont newspaper. https://t.co/EnD…
McConnell to Trump: "Quit attacking various people that you competed with or various minority groups in the country and get on message."
Schumer hits Republicans for condemning Trump's statement about Judge Curiel while also saying he should appoint next Supreme Court Justice.
RT @CBSPolitics: Rubio rebukes Trump over Judge Curiel: "It's offensive" via @wcronkite https://t.co/pL5ZJ0pGLO
Majority Leader McConnell on CNN notes that Mondale got crushed against Reagan in '84 but Democrats still gained two Senate seats that year.
DCCC statement on Ryan's Trump endorsement: "House Republicans will be inseparably tied to their toxic frontrunner in November, case closed"
RT @juddzeez: Per @WCronkite, it's possible that in 2017, the Alaska US Senate delegation could be 100% guys named Dan Sullivan: https://t.…
RT @BrendanBuck: We're not playing word games, feel free to call it an endorsement.
RT @MajorCBS: Via @WCronkite @SpeakerRyan to talk by phone with  @realDonaldTrump tonight. Subject: party unity #Choreography
RT @jestei: The pleasure you people with regular jobs will never experience is watching the @SenJohnMcCain annual rant about catfish.
Leader Reid defended Veteran Affairs Secretary McDonald, saying that McDonald misspoke and he's a good man trying to do the right thing.
@pkcapitol Senator McConnell is also a regular at Cafe Berlin next door to La Loma.
Speaker Ryan on VA Secretary McDonald: I don't know if he should resign. He should clarify his remarks.
RT @Lindsey_CBS: Light ruckus outside Baltimore courthouse has now died down after Officer Nero found not guilty in Freddie Gray trial
RT @CBSNews: We are sad to report that legendary @60Minutes correspondent Morley Safer has died at 84: https://t.co/n2MbgKIKgf https://t.co…
Leader Pelosi said that any comparison between this Democratic primary and the violent and chaotic '68 Democratic convention is ridiculous.
House Democratic Leader Pelosi said the compromise deal on Puerto Rico's debt is something she can support.
Ryan on if Trump is the leader of the Republicans: "The person who’s getting the nomination of our party is the person to lead our party."
Trump and Ryan released a joint statement saying that their meeting this morning was a "positive step towards unification."
On his return to the Senate, Cruz declined to endorse Trump but ruled out a third party run.
RT @detroitnews: Rep. Fred Upton gives niece Kate and Justin Verlander a tour of the U.S. Capitol. https://t.co/SdLSFikdjK https://t.co/OfD…
Rep Fred Upton (R-MI) is giving a tour of the Capitol to his niece Kate and her fiancé  Justin… https://t.co/cELhod62oT
Senator Corker (R-TN), Chairman of Foreign Relations, says he will support the Republican nominee for President and attend the convention.
RT @PRyan: I've invited @realDonaldTrump for a meeting with GOP leaders next week, and I look forward to the discussion.
Paul Ryan and House Republican leadership will meet with Donald Trump on Thursday morning.
Senator Graham says that he won't support Trump or Clinton and will focus his attention on retaining Republican majorities in Congress.
Ryan: "This man is going to get the nomination because he earned it....he tapped into something in this country that was very powerful."
Paul Ryan on Donald Trump:  "We want a standard-bearer that bears our standards."
Responding to Trump saying Hillary Clinton is playing the "woman's card," Pelosi responded: "I think she's playing the experience card."
Democratic Whip Durbin calls the Senate to pass emergency funding for Zika: "The mosquitoes are not going to be on recess next week."
Democratic Leader Reid: "The Senate should not leave this week without addressing legislation on Zika."
RT @RebeccaRKaplan: Comey said in London today the FBI paid more money for Apple hack than he'll make in the rest of his term. That's rough…
There's currently no statue of Harriet Tubman in the U.S. Capitol. Congressman Van Hollen introduced legislation in March to change that.
RNC Chairman Reince Preibus briefed the House Republican conference this morning about the rules of the national convention this summer.
Ryan says about bill to allow Americans to sue Saudi Arabia "We need to review it to make sure we're not making mistakes with our allies."
Meanwhile, a separate group demonstrates for immigration reform outside the Supreme Court @… https://t.co/oZq04ZcE65
Democracy alliance demonstrators marching towards the Capitol @ Union Station, Washington D.C. https://t.co/xk0v4A3Rdk
RT @DrLaPook: Covering #Zika. In Senate subway, going from the Capitol to Russell office building. With @wcronkite and @amybirn https://t.c…
Speaker Ryan will make a statement at the RNC today at 3:15 to put to rest discussion that he's a candidate for President at the convention.
Protesters demonstrating about money in politics are being arrested by the bus load for civil disobedience at the East Front of the Capitol
RT @juddzeez: Reminder: Cruz helped fundraise for the Senate Conservatives Fund, which targeted sitting GOP Senators for primaries https://…
Assistant Democratic Leader Durbin says leadership is actively considering procedural moves to increase pressure to hold hearings on Garland
McConnell said he hopes Republican delegates select a candidate "who can actually appeal to a broad swath of the American public."
Senate Majority Leader McConnell: "I'd like a candidate for President who can win."
RT @deanemurphy: Some humans burn the rain forest, others take the hands of newly homeless orangutans and walk them to safety. https://t.co…
Senator Collins (R-ME) said her meeting with Judge Garland this morning left her even more convinced that Judiciary should hold hearings.
RT @pkcapitol: Now that Grassley is having breakfast - not just a meeting, an actual meal - with Garland, hard to understand any opposition…
Grassley invited Garland to breakfast "where they could discuss the nomination and why the Senate will not consider a nominee."
Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-IA) spoke by phone with Judge Garland this evening, according to the Senator's office.
By a vote of 87-0, the Senate passed the Defend Trade Secrets Act, seeking to make it easier for companies to fight corporate espionage.
43 Senate Republicans have filed an amicus brief in the Supreme Court challenging the President's executive actions. https://t.co/ukvGLkabBu
RT @cspan: Baseball &amp; Congress #OpeningDay #CapsOn	https://t.co/tX4AJF0exk
RT @MichaelSocolow: In total viewership @NBCNightlyNews @CBSEveningNews &amp; @ABC still dominate- cumulative audience over 20m.  https://t.co/…
RT @stevenportnoy: The suspect, 66-yr-old Larry Dawson, is a TN pastor who has tried to raise money for trips to DC to push for a $15/hr mi…
Capitol Hill Police Chief Matthew Verderosa: "We believe the suspect was known to us....through previous contacts."
I spoke to a family in the Capitol visitor's center during the shots fired. They were told to hit the ground and stayed down for minutes.
RT @HowardMortman: #TBT 50 yrs ago this month,  House guest chaplain: "When  congress of life is adjourned &amp; they answer final quorum" http…
RT @HistoryInPics: Open-air school in the Netherlands, 1957. Designed to combat the rise of tuberculosis. Photograph via Jan Willemsen. htt…
Ryan is now speaking to the House interns about criminal justice reform and the importance of redemption in America.
Reid spokesman: Ryan's words will ring hollow until he backs them up with action and withdraws his support from Donald Trump.
Speaker Ryan speaks to House interns this morning about the importance of elevating political discourse.
The House of Representatives observed a moment of silence on the floor in memory of the victims of the terror attacks in Brussels.
Schumer: "It's crystal clear after talking to him that Judge Garland has both a brilliant legal mind and a heart of gold."
Schumer said that Senate Democrats will look to strengthen airport security as part of FAA re-authorization in the coming months.
Senator Schumer opened his press conference today by sending "the thoughts and prayers of the United States to Brussels."
Ryan said that he has received updates about the attack in Belgium this morning and has no reason to believe there's a threat to the Capitol
Ryan didn't think much of Obama's Cuba visit, saying it gave legitimacy to the Castro regime without getting anything in return.
Ryan: "We must defend Democracy and defeat terror."
Speaker Ryan: I want to express the condolences of the House of Representatives to the Belgian people.
Democratic senators heading to a press conference outside the Supreme Court earlier today to… https://t.co/yh4xo7mGz8
Schumer: "Donald Trump won't make America great again. But he will make Republicans the minority again."
Ryan said his goal as chairman of the Republican convention will to be a neutral party 'like Switzerland.'
Ryan says he wouldn't accept nomination: "I saw Boehner last night and told him to knock it off...let's just put this thing to rest."
RT @LisaMascaro: Rubio returns to the Senate.... https://t.co/FYg6bROIlS
McConnell spoke with Garland on the phone today and told him the Senate won't act on his nomination.
Ryan spokesperson AshLee Strong: Ryan "will not accept a nomination and believes our nominee should be someone who ran this year."
RT @margbrennan: .@Schultz44: Merrick Garland began making calls to lobby Senators after leaving the Rose Garden; so far a handful of GOP'e…
@jdickerson Bill Clinton and Joe Biden both seem to riff it.
Trump acknowledges Rubio, saying he's "tough and smart and has a great future."
RT @dansenor: I'm a big @JebBush fan, but there was $120mm donated to his cause that cld have done real damage to Trump. It wasn't https://…
RT @seangallitz: @AlexConant confirms to @CBSNews that a white powdery substance was found at @marcorubio HQ in DC. Hazmat on scene testing…
RT @LukeRussert: In the room at the Speaker's St. Patrick's Day luncheon @GerryAdamsSF 🇮🇪 https://t.co/H9IxHFMBka
Obama addressing the campaign: This is also about the American brand. How we are perceived around the world.
Obama: We should be teaching our children that our democracy is a vibrant and wonderful thing. And it will be theirs someday.
Obama: Any leader worthy of our support will remind us that what we have in common is greater than our differences.
President Obama on political climate: "We can disagree without assuming that it is driven by malice."
President Obama addressed violence on the campaign trail in his Friends of Ireland address. Got a standing ovation from bipartisan audience.
Speaker Ryan: "Irish humor was shaped by many years of hardship."
NY Senator Gillibrand was the lone Democrat voting against King’s nomination as Education Secretary, calling his tenure in NY "adversarial."
The House unanimously passed a resolution expressing the "sense of Congress" that ISIL's atrocities amount to genocide.
The Senate confirmed the nomination of John B. King Jr. as Secretary of Education by a vote of 49-40.
Hoyer on Ryan's leadership strategy: Leading his conference from the bottom up continues to be the problem. The tail is wagging the head.
Democratic Whip Hoyer on the likelihood of Republicans passing a budget: "Do they have the will and the votes to do it? Very doubtful."
McCain: "As Russia turns its resource and attention elsewhere, I fear that a bloody spring is coming again to Ukraine.”
Feinstein:  No nominee has been denied a hearing since 1916, when the Judiciary Committee first started holding hearings on nominees.
Senator Leahy to the Judiciary Committee: The Senate has never denied a Supreme Court nominee a hearing and a vote.
Sen Leahy: I love the Senate. I love the traditions...I believe the Senate can be and should be the conscience of the Senate
Speaker Ryan joined the Reagan family today to pay his respects to Nancy Reagan. He's unable to attend the funeral on Friday.
RT @jestei: Guess what guess what? The Senate banking committee will have a hearing re: nominations next week. Also, Sen Shelby had his pri…
Lynch responded that the DOJ is working on a written response to the Senate Judiciary Committee on that question.
Senator Grassley asks AG Lynch whether immunity DOJ granted to former Clinton staffer Bryan Pagliano extends to Congressional testimony.
Attorney General Lynch tells the Senate Judiciary Committee that she hasn't discussed the Clinton email investigation with the President.
Leader Reid quips that Patty Judge, Democratic challenger for Judiciary Chairman Grassley's Senate seat, is one judge Grassley can't ignore.
Interesting Wall Street Journal editorial today about the possibility of a contested Republican convention. https://t.co/Ge4DdSrQzH
Sen Reid (D-NV) cites Sen Cornyn (R-TX) as saying that the Supreme Court pick will bear resemblance to a pinata after the nomination process
RT @markknoller: Apparently an attempted WH fence jumper, but suspect got caught going over the perimeter bike racks.
Grassley: "Nothing makes the Minority Leader more mad than when his side is forced to play by their own rules."
McConnell on Nancy Reagan: "Now she joins her best friend, to dance together once more."
Reid: "Senator Grassley is grasping for a rational rationale for not doing his job."
RT @EleanorNorton: If we do not act now, this will be the beginning of the end for Arlington Memorial Bridge https://t.co/T63qP4qoPH https:…
Senator McCain issues statement agreeing with Romney on Trump, pointing to his "uninformed and indeed dangerous" views on national security.
Speaker's office on communication btw Ryan and Trump: "We have heard from the campaign, but the two have not yet spoken."
McConnell addresses Trump's "seeming ambivalence about David Duke and the KKK" saying "I condemn his comments in the most forceful way."
McConnell on meeting w/ Obama later today: let’s use this meeting to discuss ways that we can work together to make progress for our country
Speaker Ryan said today the Republican nominee must "reject any group or cause that is built on bigotry" with "no evasion and no games."
RT @stevenportnoy: Keep your eyes on the bottom of the screen in this video --  https://t.co/F4aJOQ6nlg
Ryan on whether he could work with Trump: "I have said a hundred times we will be able to work with whoever is our nominee."
Pelosi weighed in on the Apple encryption debate: "I don't think it should be up to one judge to decide on the encryption policy."
Pelosi added about Sanders: "Who'd have thunk it- 74 years old and the darling of the under 25 set."
Pelosi on Sanders: I think we should be glad he's out there. He's attracting young people.
Pelosi: "Republicans' contempt for functioning government and for the President knows no bounds."
RT @hannahfc: Sen. Harry Reid endorses Hillary Clinton, @WCronkite confirms. Reid tells CNN: “The middle class would be better served by Hi…
RT @markknoller: On Senate floor today, @SenateMajLdr said the Obama Gitmo plan "isn’t a plan. It’s more of a research project if anything."
Reid calls Grassley: a chairman who refused his duty and instead allowed the Republican Leader to run roughshod over the Judiciary Committee
Ryan noted this morning that every branch of government is up for grabs this election- the Presidency, Congress, and the Supreme Court.
Speaker Ryan on Gitmo transfer: Boggles my mind that the President is contemplating asking military leaders to knowingly break the law.
RT @ChadPergram: Reid: The party of Lincoln has become the party of Donald Trump.
RT @dwallbank: Blair was a critical voice in derailing Jeremy Cor... Oh. https://t.co/ZTDKhpTjhW
Graham: GOP leadership and Republican senators of the Judiciary Committee reached a consensus not to hold hearings on Obama's SCOTUS nominee
RT @pkcapitol: In the world of judicial hypocrisy -- each side is brutally guilty -- this qualifies as a BFD.  https://t.co/8iYKpKZA76
RT @TSWilbur: Upton talking w @WCronkite abt #IbrahimParlak case #MI06 https://t.co/vrwbOIkscH
RT @kkrawchenko: Mr. Dickerson with another commercial zinger: "We have to go to commercial - the free market wants what it wants"
RT @ChadPergram: Senate has never filibustered a SCOTUS nomination. But Abe Fortas was filibustered to be Chief Justice in '68. #Scalia
RT @stevenportnoy: Scalia's death means conservative majority on the US Supreme Court is no more. @JanCBS forecasts an "enormous battle" fo…
RT @justinamash: @WCronkite The bill contains unconstitutional civil asset forfeiture provisions that violate the rights of Americans. @lac…
@lachlan Reps Massie and Amash were the only two members of Congress from either chamber to vote against the legislation.
House votes 408-2 to approve the Senate's changes to legislation increasing sanctions against North Korea, sending it to the President.
Pelosi said today that she hopes emergency supplemental funding for Zika will be non-controversial and will receive bipartisan support.
Speaker Ryan said today that he doesn't think the TransPacific Partnership currently has majority support in the House.
Ryan said he's pressing ahead with legal preparation to “hold the President accountable” if he decides to transfer detainees from Gitmo.
RT @Ali_Lev: Where to eat alone? @juliamoskin of @nytfood dishes on dining solo in the city — that and more inside New York Today https://t…
Cruz on Fiorina: "Carly did a terrific job standing up to Hillary Clinton."
Cruz: "I think many of the voters who were supporting Governor Christie were looking for someone with a law enforcement background."
RT @SenatorBurr: Rumors of The Thing’s demise are premature. I hope to have it back up and running soon. #LongLiveTheThing https://t.co/Bwb…
RT @jestei: this resignation letter from assistant fire chief for DC EMS is absolutely scathing &amp; chilling  https://t.co/0Dc7vv98YH
McCain on the Senate floor condemns presidential candidates for "loose talk" about inhumane interrogation techniques.https://t.co/Tn9Mp8h8yn
RT @PeterHamby: We have to dispel the notion that Coldplay doesn't know what they're doing. Coldplay knows exactly what they're doing.
Republican Whip Steve Scalise says that President Obama's proposed oil fee is "dead on arrival in the House."
By a vote of 241-186, the House sustained the President's veto of a bill to repeal Obamacare.
House Republican Leader McCarthy on whether Trump is  conservative: He identifies himself as a conservative so I take him as a conservative.
Obama:  I could not be prouder of the work this caucus has done. I could not be prouder of the partnership I’ve had with you.
Obama: This election season there's a lot of talk of America in decline. I don't believe it. And the facts don't show it.
President Obama touts the longest streak of private sector job growth in American history.
President Obama took the podium at the Democratic retreat to an enthusiastic standing ovation from House Democrats.
Democratic Leader Pelosi congratulates President Obama on the release of the American prisoners from Iran.
RT @deirdrewalshcnn: Rep John Lewis, introing Obama, tells story of meeting President Nixon at airport who asked "are you Jerry Lewis?"
One theme of Biden's speech was that corporations have responsibilities to their communities and employees as well as to their shareholders.
Biden to House Democrats: "We may be given a gift from the lord in the Presidential race." Biden's "confident" that Dems take back Senate.
Leader Pelosi also said that she doesn't know yet whether the House will vote on the Trans Pacific Partnership this Spring.
Democratic Leader Pelosi said Democrats will hold a workshop during their retreat on the Trans Pacific Partnership trade agreement.
RT @jonathanweisman: So will the House special committee investigating Planned Parenthood change its focus to the now-indicted filmmakers w…
RT @stevenportnoy: Folks in DC, MoCo, PG, Ffx, and beyond-- get yourself a battery powered radio. Now. This storm is causing outages. Radio…
Graham on Cruz: "What has he done as a Senator? He is best known for running down the Republican party, not building up the country.”
Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC): "Donald Trump, I think, is the most unprepared person I’ve ever met to be commander in chief."
Reid says on the floor "that we've got the makings of an agreement here" on a refugee vote. McConnell responds they'll speak about it later.
RT @mmcauliff: Harry Reid: It's going to be a big day in the Senate.. because the junior senators from Fla. and Texas are actually here to …
McConnell said that his goal of passing all 12 appropriations bills next year may not be "titillating" to the public but it is important.
Speaker Ryan dismissed the possibility of a brokered convention at the Republican retreat today, calling it "ridiculous to talk about."
Niels Lesniewski having a fireside chat with Senator Wicker at the Congressional Republican… https://t.co/76F7tTxhqe
Senator Barrasso (R-WY) criticized Democrats for "hiding" their debates by holding them on Saturday nights and during major football games.
Whip Scalise (R-LA) asked about the tumultuous Republican primary said the Democratic candidates are arguing about who is more socialist.
Sen Thune also said he's personally open to changing the rules on filibusters in limited circumstances, such as appropriations bills.
At the Republican Congressional retreat in Baltimore Senator Thune tells the press that he's offended to be called part of the establishment
RT @benweyl: Um, Lincoln and Roosevelt were deeply polarizing. Lincoln's election *literally* caused a civil war. https://t.co/qkkZKcEnpL
By a vote of 240-181 the House passed a reconciliation bill bringing a repeal of Obamacare to the President's desk, forcing him to veto it.
Coming up on the Evening News at 6:30, Nancy Cordes interviews Rep. Culberson about gun control… https://t.co/FrE7lctGWG
RT @stevenportnoy: Without taking on Trump, Bill Clinton stresses the importance of choosing a prez with the right "psychological makeup" a…
Intel Chairman Nunes says he is looking into the WSJ report about the NSA monitoring communications between members of Congress and Israel.
Pelosi on negotiations about the omnibus: In the Republican obsession with lifting the oil ban they really gave away the store.
House passes omnibus 316-113. 150 Rs voted for it and 166 Ds voted for it Funds the federal government through Sept. 30th 2016.
RT @mikedebonis: House vote on #omnibus underway. 240 ayes and rising. You can almost smell the Christmas ham.
RT @nielslesniewski: Congress does have the power to turn back time, folks ...		https://t.co/iNMPv0LGya https://t.co/tQ2BM2qkzD
Senate Majority Leader McConnell said he expects the omnibus spending bill to be posted tonight, with both chambers voting on it on Thursday
RT @robertarampton: I pulled the White House visitor logs of Fortune 100 CEOs. Who has been here most often:	https://t.co/fMynrXYU2v https:…
The House Armed Services Committee issued a report today finding that the Bowe Bergdahl transfer violated the law https://t.co/TaoNluLPMg
The House passes Visa Waiver Program Improvement Act by a vote of 407-19. Tightens security on monitoring who travels to the U.S.
Ryan said negotiations on government funding are ongoing. ML McCarthy informed members that they'll likely have to work through the weekend.
Ryan called freedom of religion a fundamental Constitutional principle, and said Trump's views don't represent true conservatism.
Speaker Ryan sharply condemned Donald Trump this morning, saying his proposal yesterday "is not what our country stands for."
RT @pkcapitol: Watching W speak - riffing comedy lines, telling funny family stories, partisan dig here &amp; there - is a brutal contrast to J…
RT @nancycordes: A mournful, angry @SenFeinstein (D-CA) on constant mass shootings: "The world must look at us and say, what's happening, A…
RT @CBSNews: "Our hearts go out to the victims and the families," says @POTUS on San Bernardino shooting https://t.co/ghl6M4iKT4 https://t.…
General Petraeus and Brookings' Michael O'Hanlon write in an Op-Ed that Congress has had a pretty good six months https://t.co/8wk0yOQKed
CIA Director Brennan said that "unauthorized disclosures" of U.S. intelligence methods made it more difficult for them to discover plots.
CIA Director Brennan at CSIS said both the Paris attacks and the Russian airliner crash bear the mark of ISIS, although still not confirmed.
Brennan says that because of "unauthorized disclosures" intelligence agencies have a more difficult job uncovering terrorist plots.
CIA Director Brennan: " I would anticipate that this is not the only operation that ISIS has in the pipeline."
Ambassador Araud in front of Lafayette statue: "We are allies but we are also friends." @ Lafayette Park https://t.co/m0veQivbmV
French Ambassador Gerard Araud speaks with WH CoS Dennis McDonough before vigil. @ Lafayette Park https://t.co/baMlXaGfhm
RT @noonanjo: Reminds me of Kipling on the French: 'Their business is war. And they do their business.' https://t.co/4ew5kdzk3B
House Homeland Security Chairman McCaul: "There are no known, credible threats to the homeland at this time."
Congratulations to @CBSNLive on one year of streaming! #AlwaysOn
House Democratic Leader Pelosi on Democratic losses in the South: "We don't agonize, we organize."
Speaker Ryan says he's invited Senate Majority Leader McConnell to take open microphone questions from the House Republican conference.
This morning the House passed a 6 year, $325 billion transportation bill and a bill setting defense spending priorities for fiscal year 2016
Kevin Brady (R-TX) selected to replace Ryan as Chairman of Ways and Means. W&amp;M, the oldest committee in Congress, writes the tax code.
Recently convicted former Speaker Dennis Hastert's portrait removed from the Speaker's lobby. Replaced by Frederick Gillett.
Senator Cory Gardner (R-CO) just endorsed Marco Rubio on Fox News. This is Rubio's first endorsement from a fellow Senator.
RT @CBSEveningNews: What's it like #5MinutesToAir? Take a look behind the scenes of the #CBSEveningNews with @ScottPelley	https://t.co/9TvI…
RT @BrendanBuck: A colleague passes along. As seen outside @tortillacoast https://t.co/FujTOEKiMO
Ryan: "We are the body closest to the people. But we do not echo the people, we represent the people."
The House elects Paul Ryan as the 62nd Speaker of the House with 236 votes.
RT @jparkABC: Classy move -- @SpeakerBoehner casts his final vote in House for @RepPaulRyan for House Speaker.
RT @Stcrow: Ann and Gov. Mitt Romney watching former running mate, Rep. Paul Ryan's election to Speaker. #SpeakerOfTheHouse https://t.co/HZ…
RT @AshleyRParker: Becky Quick was actually correct in what Trump said. But she didn’t have the data ready, Anderson Cooper style, to back …
RT @stevenportnoy: More than enough Republicans have already voted for the barn-cleaner for it to pass, if every Dem votes yes.
RT @justinamash: Congratulations to our Republican Conference nominee for speaker, @PRyan. Official tally: Ryan 200, Webster 43, Blackburn …
RT @HouseGOP: House Republicans have elected @PRyan of Wisconsin as their candidate for Speaker of the House.
RT @CBSWalsh: Pennsylvania emergency officials tell @JillianBHughes #blimp is “moving fast” &amp; dragging over 5,000 feet of steel chain
RT @CharlieKayeCBS: More blimp.  The airship is said to be at an altitude of 16,000 feet and over central Pennsylvania, according to @cbsMc…
RT @CharlieKayeCBS: BREAKING.  Pentagon monitoring "massive" unmanned US military blimp which came loose from its tether.  It's being shado…
The House passed a short term extension of highway funding until Nov. 20th while they work on a multi-year plan. Passed by voice vote.
Democrats are staying on the Benghazi Committee "in order to make sure the facts are known and the conspiracy theories are debunked."
Paul Ryan officially announces: "I am ready and eager to be our speaker."
Paul Ryan has received the endorsement of the Tuesday Group and Study Committee. He has support from a super majority of the Freedom Caucus.
Pelosi said she hopes Paul Ryan's respect for his personal work family balance translates into support for paid family leave legislation.
Pelosi said she will defer the decision on whether Democrats should withdraw from the committee in protest to her members.
In her weekly presser, Pelosi called the Benghazi Committee a "taxpayer scheme to undermine Hillary Clinton."
RT @RebeccaRKaplan: In her opener, Clinton stresses importance of sending diplomats to dangerous places. "we inevitably must accept a level…
Freedom Caucus Supporting Ryan for Speaker https://t.co/E2PuMMbutk
From Ryan's statement it looks like he is accepting the Freedom Caucus's "supermajority support" as sufficient to meet his conditions.
Ryan: I’m grateful for the support of a supermajority of the House Freedom Caucus...this is a positive step toward a unified Republican team
Labrador- Freedom Caucus did not reach 80 percent necessary for official Ryan endorsement. A supermajority of the caucus do support him.
Correction: Republican Study Committee bylaws require 2/3 of their steering committee (not membership) to vote for an endorsement.
House Freedom Caucus rules require 80% of members to agree to give an official endorsement.
Spokesman for Ryan says he'll announce if he's running before end of business day Friday. Needs official endorsement of Freedom Caucus.
RT @mkraju: Senate Dems - who back Hillary but are close to Biden breathe a big sigh of relief
RT @kristinapet: Jim Jordan says the Freedom Caucus plans to try to meet with Paul Ryan today.
Rep Daniel Webster (R-FL) is still running for Speaker, even after Ryan's announcement tonight.
RT @CBSPolitics: Paul Ryan tells GOP conference he would "gladly serve" as House speaker, @Wcronkite  https://t.co/Bhq6vUBtZw
https://t.co/Yng9cM7YdU
Ryan said that he's worried about missing his children's formative years but he's more worried about them asking why he didn't step up.
Ryan said he will "gladly serve" as Speaker if the conference unifies around him.
Ryan met with a handful of House Freedom Caucus members in Ways and Means offices. As he left he said "nothing to add for you guys today."
RT @stevenportnoy: Rep. Ryan is 45, and has three school-aged kids. He would be younger than any Speaker we've known. https://t.co/X0EE4krG…
RT @pkcapitol: Some Biden backers wanted earlier call to avoid this - HRC taking control again. Next, Benghazi (10/22), followed by IA's J-…
RT @connorobrienNH: Jim Webb's Navy Cross citation from Vietnam, which describes the grenade lobbed at him. http://t.co/eEsNOVaf6O
RT @juddzeez: The enemy that Jim Webb is proudest of? The guy who threw a grenade at him in 'Nam, "but he's not around anymore." #DemDebate…
Rep Bill Flores of Texas, Chairman of the Republican Study Committee, is "actively considering a bid" for Speaker, says his spokesperson.
RT @stevenportnoy: Fascinating to read how NYT covered the GOP deadlock in 1923. Back then, it was LIBERALS who made the demands... http://…
RT @cbrangel: Made myself a smoothie in my office &amp; watching news about GOP mtg to elect next Speaker not going smoothly http://t.co/rlSd3A…
Boehner said that while he hopes to step down before the end of October, he will serve until the Republican conference selects a new Speaker
Boehner:" I will continue to serve as Speaker until we elect a new one."
RT @nancycordes: Pressure on @RepPaulRyan reaches maximum intensity. Moderates, conservatives all say only he can unite them. Hard for him …
@costareports Another possibility is RSC Chair Bill Flores (R-TX). He didn't say no when I asked today if he would run for Speaker.
Ryan joked that if he were speaker he would have Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers come to address a joint session of Congress.
Ryan on McCarthy exciting race for Speaker: "He told me right before. I was very shocked."
Ryan was asked in scrum 'If you don't want the job you can just rule it out right now.' He responded: "This is not the time or place, guys."
Ryan leaving his office: "My statement stands. I haven't changed anything. And I'm just- I have nothing to add right now."
RT @costareports: BREAKING: BOEHNER IS PERSONALLY ASKING RYAN TO STEP UP AND BE SPEAKER, have spoken twice today by phone...
Asked if his comments about the Benghazi Committee played a role in his decision, McCarthy said "that wasn't helpful."
Rep Fleming says the reaction in the conference to McCarthy's announcement was "disbelief."
Majority Leader McCarthy announced he's not running for Speaker. Boehner postponed the conference vote.
The House voted 242-184 to establish a special subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee to investigate Planned Parenthood.
The House Freedom Caucus, composed of about 40 members, endorses Webster for Speaker in tomorrow's Republican conference meeting.
RT @WyattCBS: Everyone. Proud to announce that I've been appointed a Professor of Practice at UVa starting in January. 	http://t.co/M101W6g…
Rep Nunes (R-CA) calls for party discipline. Says if members consistently oppose the party they can leave and form their own party.
Boehner announces the House will vote on its new Speaker on 10/29. Republicans will elect their leadership team after the vote for Speaker.
Chaffetz: "What's the worst thing that will happen to me if I run? At least I tried." @ House… https://t.co/ammxponoiO
Boehner on calls to shut down the Benghazi Committee: "This investigation has never been about [Clinton] and never will be."
RT @Mosheh: .@SenBobCasey: It is time for Obama Administration to reassess policy in Syria  @CBSNLive http://t.co/rIJmsKlD4r http://t.co/Yv…
McCarthy and Scalise both voted for the 'clean' CR. Price voted against it.
House passes 'clean' spending bill by a vote of 277-151. Funds government until Dec 11th. Now goes to President's desk for signature.
RT @AJentleson: .@WCronkite an odd write-up. In the transcript, Kennedy says McConnell had "absolutely no intention of doing anything but s…
Kennedy thought Reid showed "more interest in blaming Republicans for the failure than in passing" immigration bill' http://t.co/GxNW0Tc7JJ
How Chairmen decided subcommittee assignments 50 years ago...http://t.co/4MiysJIRZt
RT @stevenportnoy: Boehner meeting w/Gowdy took place yesterday morning, about six hours before he told reporters "I'm not!" [running for l…
RT @arogDC: Gowdy urged for #2 spot. Spox doesn't confirm run. Mulvaney says he wont. Chaffetz says he could. Gowdy says no. But Boehner to…
On October 8, House Republicans will meet to vote on their decision for the next Speaker. Official floor vote will occur later in the month.
The House is expected to take up today the bill that the Senate just passed to fund the government through Dec. 11th.
As Gowdy walks into the House GOP conference meeting he says he will not run for a leadership position.
RT @meredithshiner: "Well I'm going to miss the cigarette smoke," @SenatorReid on @SpeakerBoehner's departure from Congress.
RT @HamiltonCollege: The supermoon lunar eclipse is seen just over the Chapel cupola.  (Photo by Jerry Reed) http://t.co/NjhsZruh6C http://…
Boehner said he will announce the timing of leadership elections sometime this week.
McCarthy asked at presser how he's different from Boehner. Joked that he doesn't have the tan, then he pointed to a generational difference.
Boehner asked at presser if he plans to tackle the debt ceiling in his last month as Speaker. Responds "We'll have to see.."
Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz says he supports Benghazi Committee Chair Trey Gowdy for Majority Leader.
Huelskamp says Freedom Caucus will look at how candidates for leadership will vote on the CR which "caves on core Republican principles."
Big day for House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy - http://t.co/k4iHXWjG05
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy has officially announced he's running for Speaker, sending an email to colleagues asking for support.
McCarthy: Decision to back down to Assad caused insurmountable harm to America's credibility.
McCarthy: Stop letting Russia set the agenda...provide weapons to Ukraine... Impose sanctions that target Putin and oligarchs directly.
Majority Leader McCarthy: "Most important principle of foreign policy is that the world is a safer place when America leads."
RT @Alex_Roarty: Trump sounds like Trumka.
Great day for CBS News. Dickerson/Boehner, Rose/Putin, and Pelley/Trump. All illuminating interviews.
Boehner said not reaching a grand bargain fiscal deal is one of his biggest regrets. Said Obama walked away from the agreement they reached.
Asked how he wanted colleagues to remember him, Boehner said: "He was a good man."
Rep Cole (R-OK) calls Boehner "a great speaker" who "served with dignity and effectiveness."
One of Boehner's regular spots. He said he came here this morning while making his decision to step… https://t.co/qrgKyLB1l8
Boehner: "I've always believed that if you do the right thing for the right reasons, good things will happen."
Boehner stepping down as Speaker https://t.co/9bYhBRMMI6
Paul Ryan said he will not run for Speaker. He called Boehner's decision to step down "a selfless act."
Hal Rogers (R-KY) - the Pope's visit was the crowning moment of Boehner's life but also must have been bittersweet as he made this decision.
Rep Tiberi (R-OH) calls Boehner "one of the best Speakers ever." Said he always took all the arrows for the team.
RT @AmlingAM: Who's Thomas Merton?: http://t.co/yyLgKDRVKv
RT @MEPFuller: Oddly, members don't have paper copies of the Pope's speech like they normal do for these joint meetings.		They could probab…
McConnell introduces a CR funding government through Dec. 11. It defunds Planned Parenthood and increases defense funding. Vote on Thursday.
Great exchange between HRC and Dickerson on FTN about outsiders running for President. Kind of thing Twitter can't capture. Need to watch.
Clinton on Biden: "Everybody ought to give him the space to decide what is right for him and his family."
Clinton on FTN: "I am sorry that I made a choice that raised all these questions... I'm proud of the work we did at the State Department."
The House passed a bill ending federal funding for Planned Parenthood for a year while committees investigate allegations against the group.
Susan Collins (R-ME) cast her 6,000th consecutive vote today. She hasn't missed a single vote since taking office more than 18 years ago.
RT @LukeRussert: McConnell used the filibuster more effectively than any Congressional leader in history. Walker just called to get rid of …
RT @LATimesfarmer: Final exam in Harvard philosophy course asked an essay question: 		"What is courage?"		One guy simply wrote: "This." 		A…
Palin: "You either negotiate with America and our allies best interest at heart or you don't. And Obama and his people didn't."
House Democratic Caucus Chairman Xavier Becerra just announced his support for the Iran agreement.
Sen Cantwell (D-OR) told press gaggle that she will support the Iran deal. All Democratic Senators now accounted for. 42 in favor.
Clinton adviser Jake Sullivan after leaving a nine hour Benghazi deposition: "I was happy to answer every question the committee had."
RT @edatpost: I'm serious: News orgs and good government groups can't compel a judge to order @statedept to literally release Clinton email…
Ron Fournier to John Dickerson on Clinton server : "There will no longer be a public memory if everyone conducts themselves like she has."
RT @KidnappedByNuns: @WCronkite please ask @BarackObama to add "Kidnapped By Nuns" to summer reading list. It's a fun, fast read.
Reading list continued: Washington: A Life, Ron Chernow (author of the Hamilton biography inspiring the musical Obama recently attended).
Reading list continued: The Sixth Extinction, Elizabeth Kolbert; The Lowland, Jhumpa Lahiri; Between The World and Me, Ta-Nehisi Coates ...
WH press pool reports the President's summer reading includes: All That Is, James Salter; All The Light We Cannot See, Anthony Doerr ...
RT @CharlieKayeCBS: Just now. @JohnKerry to @ScottPelley for the @CBSEveningNews: it is "very likely" his e-mails are being hacked by the C…
RT @MichaelWolffNYC: Beware of media susceptibility to digital propaganda. http://t.co/OHcF4Ii3Vv
RT @laurennfrench: Engel on Iran: "a dangerous concession the sunset of the international sanctions on advanced conventional weapons and ba…
RT @RyanLizza: The biggest news of the night is still that Schumer will oppose the Iran deal.
McConnell said he will ask every Senator to sit at their desks and listen to their colleagues' views on the Senate floor about the Iran deal
McConnell says President is selling the Iran deal as if it was a Presidential election- ginning up his base so Democrats rally around him.
RT @mikememoli: . @SpeakerBoehner tells the Golf Channel why he can't golf with @POTUS again http://t.co/Lm7geMvjif
Meadows said he will not try to force a vote tomorrow to unseat Boehner. The House leaves tomorrow for August recess.
Meadows said he introduced a resolution to unseat John Boehner to start a conversation about how the House is led.
Asked if he has ever used a private email in his capacity as SoS, Kerry says: "No. I conduct my business on a government account."
Rep Levin (D-MI), one of the most senior and prominent Jewish members of Congress, comes out in favor of the Iran deal.
Kerry responded that the U.S. will continue to individually sanction the Quds force commander.
McCaul asks Kerry how to tell gold star mothers that Quds force commander responsible for death of Americans will receive sanctions relief.
RT @AmlingAM: The House will leave DC tomorrow night after voting on a 3-month highway extension, adding one more hard, must-pass item to f…
Cruz on McConnell:"Not only what he told every Republican senator but what he told the press over and over again was a simple lie."
RT @cimarcos: McCarthy jokes that Hoyer has asked for a vote to renew Ex-Im Bank more times than House GOP has voted to repeal ObamaCare.
Kerry walking into briefing: "There are no side deals. The IAEA has a regular process."
RT @RebeccaRKaplan: Take a lunch break, watch Lindsey Graham destroy his cell phone in a delightful video: https://t.co/lCY7ZmUqHy
McConnell says he anticipates that ExIm reauthorization will be offered on the highway bill.
RT @pkcapitol: Do they balconies in his federal prison, and will he threaten to throw people off of them?  https://t.co/m4BTCb4Fd0
RT @MEPFuller: Members of Congress, ranked by height at which they wear their pants:		1. Charles B. Rangel	2. Jerrold L. Nadler	3. C.A. Dut…
RT @stevenportnoy: Boehner endorses criminal justice reform, says too many Americans are imprisoned for "flimsy reasons."
Israeli PM Netanyahu: "Don't let the Iranians have their yellowcake and eat it too".
RT @jonathanweisman: Rep. Brad Sherman on disapproval: "It’ll pass. It'll be vetoed. Veto will be sustained. We'll get a deal in the weakes…
HRC and Pelosi arrive at House Democratic Caucus meeting https://t.co/NjcCD6m5iG
Pelosi: "Aggressive restrictions and inspections offer the best long-term plan to stop Iran from building a nuclear weapon."
POTUS: We are stronger not when we are alone, but when we bring the world together.
RT @kararowland: Obama: "No deal means a greater chance of more war in the Middle East."
RT @juddzeez: Sunday's @FaceTheNation:Boehner says Confederate Flag debate has "become a political football" http://t.co/zgspNMTBnM http://…
The House passed the 21st Century Cures Act by a vote of 344-77. Increases funding for NIH and FDA and streamlines drug approval process.
Boehner: I have no confidence that the current leadership at OPM is able to take on the enormous task of repairing our national security.
The House passed the Student Success Act 218-213. The bill overhauls No Child Left Behind. It faces a veto threat from the President.
Boehner: "I think the Iranian actions over the last couple of days raise questions about whether they really want to get to a deal."
Secretary of Defense Carter: "For the Turks, an independent Kurdistan would be deeply problematic."
Brookings' @MichaelEOHanlon: "In Iraq, we need roughly two to three times as many U.S. troops as we have now." http://t.co/w7bChHcSzc
McCain on Obama's remarks about ISIS: "None of the so-called progress that the President cited suggests that we are on a path to success."
RT @pkcapitol: From Kennedy to Kennedy: Had Teddy not led defeat of "Bork's America", Tony never would've written Fri's ruling. 	http://t.c…
Boehner on Roberts: I’ll let the legal beagles around the country debate the Chief Justice. I’m just a mere Speaker of the House.
Pelosi: “This is a victory for common sense and for all American families."
Pelosi says the next debate will be on the Trans Pacific Partnership and she hopes Congress "will shine a bright light" on its provisions.
House Democratic Leader Pelosi says she will vote for Trade Adjustment Assistance tomorrow.
2014 Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Malala Yousafzai is on the Hill meeting with US Senators to promote girls' education.
House passes TPA 218-208. Sends TPA back to the Senate without TAA attached to legislation. Senate expected to bring up TAA in separate bill
RT @markknoller: Alexander Hamilton has been on the $10 bill since 1929. Martha Washington was on the $1 from 1891-96. Pocahontas on the $2…
Boehner and McConnell: "We are committed to ensuring both TPA and TAA get votes in the House and Senate and are sent to the President."
Clinton confidante Sidney Blumenthal said that the committee spent hours of his deposition asking about topics unrelated to Bengnazi.
Benghazi Committee Chair Trey Gowdy called the almost nine hour deposition of Clinton advisor Blumenthal "productive"
Schumer says Democrats are asking Republicans "to start negotiating with us to fix across the board spending cuts."
Durbin says Republicans' insistence on moving forward on NDAA despite veto threat is akin to ignoring a 'road closed ahead' sign.
McConnell says he still thinks there's a path forward for Congress to pass TPA. He said he and Boehner are in discussions with POTUS.
McCain says he would be "astonished and angered" if Obama vetoes the NDAA, which specifies the budget of the Defense Department.
Boehner says he won't endorse any candidate in the primary, but added that he thinks voters are pleased that Jeb got in the race.
@lachlan Unclear. It's possible that the House re-writes rule and approves TPA without TAA. But then if faces uphill fight in the Senate.
The House passed TPA in a symbolic vote. They plan to re-vote on TAA by Tuesday so the House bill matches the Senate bill.
TAA goes down in the House by a large margin (126-302). The House is now voting on TPA even without the TAA provisions.
Pelosi says she will vote against Trade Adjustment Assistance to slow down TPA.
President Obama in the Capitol to push House Democrats to vote for his trade legislation today. @… https://t.co/68QPGBItmw
8 Democrats joined with Republicans to tip the balance in favor of the trade vote rule.
The House clears a procedural hurdle to bring trade bills to the House floor for a vote tomorrow. The vote was 217 yeas to 212 nays.
Boehner continued to call for Obama to come up with "an overarching strategy" to combat ISIS and submit a new AUMF to Congress.
Boehner also said that reports that the President will send hundreds more military trainers to Iraq is "a step in the right direction."
Boehner: It’s clear that our training mission alone has not been enough to slow down the spread of ISIS. More needs to happen on the ground.
Asked about Petraeus's comments to CBS that the U.S. is losing in Iraq, Pelosi questioned whether he trained as many Iraqi troops as claimed
Asked about Trade Promotion Authority passing in the House, Pelosi says it is Boehner's responsibility to come up with the votes.
RT @Mosheh: . @SenJohnMcCain on @bobschieffer : "In addition to being a very good and very fair reporter he is a good guy." http://t.co/s40…
RT @OversightDems: Farewell to one of the most-respected journalists in the business @bobschieffer You'll be greatly missed @RepCummings ht…
"In the last four years, 'Evening News' went from 5.99 million to 7.23 million viewers" http://t.co/SmRwGueCNv
@PaulaReidCBS reports that former Speaker Dennis Hastert faces charges of evading currency transaction reports and lying to the FBI.
The Senate is now voting on motion to proceed to House passed USA Freedom Act which extends Patriot Act provisions but includes NSA reforms.
The Senate passes Trade Promotion Authority by a vote of 62-37.
RT @burgessev: Something fishy just went down on the Senate floor: Hatch just blocked his catfish amendment. Audible "boo" from McCain (and…
Boehner also said the fall of Ramadi, 70 miles from Baghdad, demonstrates the need for an overarching strategy to combat ISIS.
Boehner called on Obama to withdraw his AUMF and submit a more muscular one to Congress.
Speaker Boehner calls the President's AUMF request "irresponsible" because it gives him less power to combat ISIS than he has today.
The House passes the National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 269-151.
@AshleyRParker @washingtonian Didn't include Sorriso's? Best Veal Parm in DC.
House passes Iran Nuclear Agreement Review act 400-25. The bill now goes to the President's desk for signature.
RT @marcambinder: .@CBSNLive is smartly simulcasting  @CBSPhilly's coverage, which is more informative than national cable news coverage.
Schumer: This budget would cut the straps off the boots of millions of Americans.
McConnell also complemented Obama on how he has handled TPA and said he's working with the White House to pass it.
McConnell says the Senate will move forward quickly on Iran bill, but doesn't give a specific time frame.
Clinton's lawyer says she will testify before the Benghazi Committee for as long as necessary, but will only appear on one occasion.
RT @pkcapitol: Hal Rogers' chairman's/cigar office &amp; Senate D press war room in winter, with constant fireplace smoke inhalation.  https://…
Love this: http://t.co/lAmrRqePHz
RT @malbertnews: UPDATE: #FreddieGray arrests now up to 35; We're in front of stores damaged by violence for tonight's @CBSEveningNews http…
A protestor in Baltimore just threw a burning trashcan at a line of riot police. No injuries.
Police are trying to defuse the situation in the street @ Baltimore, MD https://t.co/1aP8frGQ4D
WJZ helicopter footage shows riot police moving in as people trash police cars and personal cars.
RT @CBSNLive: Fun fact: This is @jdickerson's 20th White House Correspondents' Dinner; how has it changed? http://t.co/GZvuy3ICSf http://t.…
Protestors chanting "all night, all day we will fight for Freddie Gray."
Several thousand Freddie Gray protestors are marching towards Baltimore City Hall. The march is peaceful and includes young families.
Protestors outside the Baltimore Police Western Precinct station tell black officers "you sold your soul."
Demonstration at the scene of Freddie Gray's arrest @ Baltimore, MD https://t.co/CfJyo5VdWZ
Intel Chair Burr on drone strike: "The White House press release summed up everything as well as I could do it."
Rubio on drone strike: "Obviously it's a tragic situation and all the blame should be on al-Qaeda."
Sen Collins (R-ME) on drone strike: "Obviously in this case precautions failed and we need to understand why."
Rep Doyle (D-PA) says a staffer in his office opened up an envelope containing white powder. Hallway in Cannon locked down.
Senate Majority Leader McConnell files for cloture on Loretta Lynch nomination for AG. Cloture vote will happen Thursday morning.
RT @markknoller: .@SpeakerBoehner and @NancyPelosi await arrival of Pres Obama at Rose Garden reception for Medicare bill passage. http://t…
Senator Reid a "hell no" on TPA, says President Obama knows his opposition to it and that's why the legislation wasn't brought up last year.
McConnell notes that TPA "will be an opportunity for the next President, should he or she be a free trader, to send agreements up to us."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says he will reserve judgement on Iran deal until it is reached and brought before the Senate.
RT @CahnEmily: Scoop  https://t.co/lpVowBQxSk
McConnell announces a bipartisan agreement to move forward on human trafficking legislation. Expects a vote on Loretta Lynch this week.
Cornyn says he expects a deal on human trafficking "any minute now." Still working out language and the number of amendments allowed.
RT @malbertnews: Man dies a week after spine nearly severed in #Baltimore police custody; mayor urges calm, tonight on @CBSEveningNews http…
RT @nielslesniewski: Pool report said a lid was called at 11:35 am at the White House, but now POTUS is on the move, apparently.
Senator Manchin says that he will run for re-election as Senator and not run for governor.
RT @nancycordes: Tune in shortly to see these two duke it out during our panel discussion... https://t.co/dUfTbyDD5T
Rubio on Hillary Clinton: Up to this point I haven't seen her distinguish herself from the President on a single issue.
Rubio on Face the Nation; "I am the only candidate running for President who has served at the local, state, and federal level."
Rep. McCaul says that the gyrocopter pilot "went postal, literally"
RT @MajorCBS: Pens prepared for #POTUS to sign #DocFix in the #RoseGarden "I decided on a day like this we should be outside." http://t.co/…
RT @DrLaPook: Going over tonight's piece on climbing e-cigarette use with @CBSEveningNews producers Mike Solmsen and Amy Birnbaum. http://t…
Speaker Boehner: "Mitch McConnell’s mind is a marvelous machine." http://t.co/AV7trJhJvh
Sen. Corker : We believe it is our role to ensure that any deal with Iran makes them accountable, is transparent, and is enforceable.
Sen. Brown (D-OH) on the Senate Floor says Wall Street bonuses in 2014 were double the combined earnings of all U.S. minimum wage workers.
Congress is back in session after a two week recess. Reid is speaking on the Senate floor urging confirmation of AG nominee Loretta Lynch.
A Capitol Police Officer tells me that a man shot himself in front of the Capitol. FBI at the crime scene at the Northwest front.
Chip Reid interviews a friend of the family of 8 who died from carbon monoxide poisoning. @ Princess… https://t.co/kMiXhDMj1v
Sen Graham says that every Presidential candidate could reach a better deal with Iran, except Rand Paul, but including Hilary Clinton.
Homeland Security Chairman McCaul on Iran: If this deal moves forward the consequences for the US and our allies in the region will be dire.
Boehner: "The parameters for a final deal represent an alarming departure from the White House’s initial goals."
President Obama called Speaker Boehner today to discuss the nuclear deal with Iran, Boehner's office confirms.
RT @burgessev: Booker: "I won’t waver in my commitment to stand alongside my senior Senator"
Senator Menendez indicted for conspiracy, bribery, and making false statements. He will hold a press conference tonight at 7pm in Newark.
RT @petermaer: At #RTCA @WCronkite scores autographed copy of Bob Fuss' @KidnappedByNuns http://t.co/DpUjywKrUI
Ghani: Afghanistan is quite literally the heart of Asia... an interconnected Asia cannot happen without us.
Ghani: We would once again like to thank you for that wonderful gift from your people to ours. The wonderful gift of hope.
Ghani tells Congress that he enjoyed eating at Katz's Deli during his college days at Columbia.
Ghani: Tragedy brought our two countries together, but it is our shared interests and values that will keep us together.
House Oversight Committee releases video showing Secret Service agents driving through crime scene. http://t.co/2iud9aGjug
Oversight Chairman Chaffetz says it took USSS 11 minutes to call Metropolitan Police bomb squad about suspicious package on March 4th.
Pelosi at presser on refinancing student loans: Republicans "say it is better to cut Pell Grants than remove tax breaks for big oil."
RT @CBSPolitics: Senate panel hears from woman declared dead by Social Security Administration @Wcronkite   http://t.co/LSyLbRVUa8
OMB Director Donovan: The President will not accept a budget that locks in sequestration, and he will not separate defense and non-defense.
Kerry on Cotton letter to Iran: "This letter ignores more than two centuries of precedent in the conduct of foreign policy."
Sen Murphy on AUMF: Every different member of the administration we talk to seems to have a different understanding of what these words mean
Veteran Senator Dianne Feinstein on Cotton letter to Iran: "I think it’s about the worst thing I’ve seen since I’ve been here."
Sen.Graham: It was necessary to let the Iranian government understand that Congress will not be dealt out when it comes to lifting sanctions
Zbigniew Brezinski at CSIS advocates telling Russia that if offensive actions are taken against Mariupul the U.S. will give Ukraine weapons.
Senator Menendez took a back door into CSIS for his speech this afternoon avoiding the press gathered out front.
RT @EleanorNorton: No enforcement of #sledding ban on Capitol Hill today. Thank you Capitol Police!
RT @Casey_J_Wooten: #SledFreeOrDie http://t.co/EQAqo2jWwF
Dave Petraeus, National Hero http://t.co/EeVAI7rhzk
RT @jackshafer: How Teddy Roosevelt midwifed the White House press corps. (From "Roosevelt and the Press," by George Juergens) http://t.co/…
Pelosi on Netanyahu's speech: "If the deal [with Iran] isn’t good enough we won’t accept it. I don’t think we need any lectures on that."
McCain on Petraeus: He has apologized and expressed deep regret for this situation, and I believe it is time to consider this matter closed.
Rep Jan Schakowsky (D-IL) who skipped the speech: "We are Israel's best friend, and sometimes, such as in the UN, Israel's only friend."
Rep John Lewis (D-GA) calls Speaker Boehner's invitation to Netanyahu "an affront to the President of the United States."
Rep Yarmouth (D-KY) calls Netanyahu's speech "an impressive bit of political theater." He added "I resented the condescending tone he used."
"Some change, some moderation" homage to Churchill's "some chicken, some neck" to Canadian Parliament?
Largely bipartisan ovation for Netanyahu's comment that he's glad to see Harry Reid back on his feet after his accident.
PM Netanyahu greeted with thunderous applause as he walks up to the dais.
RT @stevenportnoy: Boehner will put CLEAN DHS funding bill on the floor as soon as TODAY, @NancyCordes reports.
House Democrats say they will support a one week DHS funding extension in expectation of a full… https://t.co/8nGbr2nHRz
RT @CNHorn: RT @CBSNews: WATCH MORE: Llamas flee from police, cars in Sun City, Arizona http://t.co/5NrwHIWMOT http://t.co/0bOVNa0Y8B
Homeland Security Secretary Johnson talks to reporters near the House floor about the funding impasse. https://t.co/gciNt5auWw
RT @CBSNews: Dog who fell through ice was saved by best friend — another dog: "He would not leave his side" http://t.co/QK7yHZHPNm http://t…
@katiecouric Great seeing you! Love what you're doing at Yahoo.
Rep Israel says of House Republicans' actions on DHS funding: "I do not mind them being dumb. I do mind them being dangerous.”
Pelosi says that the judge in Texas blocking the President's executive actions gave Republicans a face saving way out of DHS funding impasse
"The House of Representatives" painted by Samuel Morse, before he invented the telegraph. @ National… http://t.co/SfDan1OcGq
Speaker Boehner signing Keystone Pipeline bill before sending it to the President for an expected veto. http://t.co/QyTcjtmaGC
RT @mlcalderone: Memo: David Carr "was our biggest champion, and his unending passion for journalism and for truth will be missed by his fa…
RT @nytimes: David Carr, Media Equation Columnist for The Times, Is Dead at 58 http://t.co/dHMSQYrT2R
"There are not two sides to every story" http://t.co/KXXiEFarwv by @EenaRuffini
Secret Service Uniformed Division Officers received an average of 25 minutes of training time for ALL of 2013, witness tells House Oversight
RT @MichaelSocolow: Bob Simon covered fall of South Vietnam (his daughter, Tanya, actually born there). Captured by Saddam Hussein. Incredi…
Shocked and sad to hear the news about Bob Simon. My thoughts are with his family. http://t.co/XwWlQuo8FA
RT @mikememoli: As I'm walking w/ Sen. Graham talking AUMF, @marcorubio passes and asks: "Who's he bombing now?"
Reid spokesman: Speaker Boehner is frustrated but cursing is not going to resolve the squabbling among Republicans that led to this impasse.
Boehner on DHS funding: "Go ask the Senate Democrats when they are going to get off their ass and do something, other than to vote no."
Boehner: I believe that if we're going to authorize use of military force the President should have all the tools necessary to win the fight
Boehner on AUMF: This "is the beginning of a legislative process that will involve hearings, markups, and I’m sure changes."
Speaker Boehner says that on Keystone "the President is standing with a bunch of left wing extremists and anarchists."
Senator Menendez expresses concern about Iran negotiations, saying: "Instead of preventing proliferation, we are managing proliferation."
On the state of negotiations, Corker says :“I don’t know where the negotiations sit. I do believe there’s still a big gap.”
Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Corker says negotiations with Iran have become more bilateral with the U.S, rather than Iran and P5+1.
#patriarch http://t.co/lk37GKt2By
Ukrainian MP also points out that Ukraine is the only country to have given up nuclear weapons, and did so under US security guarantee.
Ukrainian MP message to America: "We stand for values that are common values. And we need your help."
Ukrainian member of Parliament making a statement with his tie as he visits Congress http://t.co/WIqHmQBYQD
RT @SpeakerBoehner: BREAKING → Pope Francis will visit @USCapitol on 9/24 &amp; become first @Pontifex to address a joint meeting of Congress.
King Abdullah of Jordan greets Senate Appropriations Chairman Thad Cochran @ United States Capitol http://t.co/0EVfWHBPXG
Media awaits the King of Jordan hoping for comment on executed Jordanian Pilot @ Senate Appropriations… http://t.co/jpPWCkfAxE
RT @AthenaCNN: Pelosi at #Brookings on #vaccinations: "It is a public health issue and the fact is children should be vaccinated."
Sandy Socolow was a great newsman and a wonderful person. He was a good friend to three generations of Cronkites http://t.co/OGXJmVdkSD
The President's budget has just been delivered to the House Budget Committee @ Cannon House Office… http://t.co/e5KVDDCDyX
RT @nancycordes: Sen Schumer gets big laugh @ Lynch confirmation hrng: "she has earned a rep 4 keeping her head down &amp; avoiding the spotlig…
RT @mkraju: McCain on "American Sniper:" "It is deeply regrettable that obsessive critics of U.S. foreign policy have sought to disparage t…
RT @WillIkard: I'm on the radio re: @MaineSmallBiz ! MT @MPBNnews: New Small Biz Head: 'Greater Focus' Needed on Comm'y Investment http://t…
RT @Mr_Mike_Clarke: There's good and bad news.		The good news is that I found the ball... http://t.co/qq7a8XWf1c
RT @Lance_Frank: .@ScottPelley previews his @60Minutes interview with GOP Congressional leadership on tonight's @CBSEveningNews http://t.co…
RT @WhipHoyer: Congrats to @WTOP’s Capitol Hill Correspondent @McConnellWTOP on celebrating his 50th Anniversary at the station. http://t.c…
Senator Reid, wearing an eye patch from his exercise accident, says he's "keeping his eyes wide open" on the issue of free trade.
Portman also pointed out that there are still serious problems in the economy, including a drop in labor force participation and lower wages
Senator Portman said as he left the #SOTU that he wished the President talked more about specific issues where Rs and Ds can work together.
RT @CNHorn: If we're talking infrastructure, here's @jeffpeguescbs on @CBSEveningNews about the state of our bridges and roads. http://t.co…
RT @tackettdc: .@NYTArchives	A 1945 call for wartime public child-care to be extended into peacetime. #SOTU http://t.co/9wXgCjIPIX http://t…
RT @KidnappedByNuns: My first tweet! Happily retired from @CBSRadioNews and marking first State of Union Speech in 24 years that I'm not br…
RT @nancycordes: In San Diego, @MittRomney says practice makes perfect, reveals platform for poss 3rd run. Tonite on @CBSEveningNews http:/…
Security at the Capitol is especially tight today, even with Congress out of session. http://t.co/2E7vfaslLQ
RT @CBSEveningNews: Rep. Paul Ryan (@PRyan) tells CBS News "I've decided not to run for president." -@AmlingAM http://t.co/mPhKlIeUSU
RT @KateNocera: McCain to @pkcapitol on Romney potential run : "it's a free country"
Protestors just interrupted Senator Durbin on the Senate Floor
Senate Majority Leader McConnell: "The French people should know that the US Senate stands in solidarity with them."
RT @GerardAraud: Jews and journalists, the usual victims when the target is democracy, tolerance and enlightment.
RT @JakeSherman: BOEHNER SEEKS REVENGE: Speaker is booting Reps. Daniel Webster and Rich Nugent from the House Rules Committee. Webster ran…
RT @ZekeJMiller: Biden as Elaine Chao choreographs photo: "Madam Secretary, whatever you say.” McConnell: “You know how it works"
Billionaire casino mogul and Republican mega donor Sheldon Adelson is in the Capitol today. Says he's here to see "Democracy in progress."
Senator Reid's spokesman tells me that the Senator has just been discharged from the hospital after his exercising accident.
I only eat oysters on days that end in Y @ Hank's Oyster Bar On The http://t.co/YPTk3pcj6X
RT @kenvogel: For all the griping about $ in politics—twice as much was spent on Halloween in '14 ($7.4B) as on elections ($3.67B). http://…
RT @joelmsiegel: Rep. Michael Grimm pleads guilty to felony count of tax evasion  http://t.co/q4qwZLmYJ5
RT @joelmsiegel: Scoop: Rep. Grimm to plead guilty tomorrow to felony count of tax evasion, @Dfriedman33 and John Marzulli report http://t.…
@margbrennan on FTN says we will have a clear read by March on how Iran negotiations stand.
@JanCBS points out that the next president will have four Supreme Court Justices in their eighties, and might be able to reshape the court.
@nancycordes on FTN says the foreign policy issues that will dominate when Congress returns is AUMF against ISIS and Iran negotiations.
Graham: Without China, there is no North Korea.
Sen Graham on FTN: When it comes to funding a new embassy in Cuba...I will do everything I can to limit the size and scope.
Rubio on FTN: The North Koreans aren't even a government. It's a criminal syndicate that controls territory, and should be treated as such.
RT @adamnagourney: Would Obama be open to showing The Interview in the White House screening room? He could invite Boehner
Richard C Hottelet, who was the last living Murrow Boy, has passed away.
Interesting read in today's Outlook section in WaPo: Why the US lost China to Mao. http://t.co/TCq5WmXcKL
RT @nielslesniewski: I'm hearing there's probably a universe of four or five nominations that could really be key to a get-out-of-town deal…
Asked when he thinks the Senate will finish up its business, Schumer says "not for a while."
Asked outside his office if the Senate will be in for votes tomorrow, McConnell says "we'll see."
McCain tells me Reid's decision to "jam through more nominees" angers Republicans and will make them less cooperative on nominees next year.
RT @mkraju: Hoyer says the next vote is the last John  Dingell will cast after 59 years of service. Both sides give him a standing ovation
Rep DeFazio (D-OR) on omnibus: "We have got to stand up on principle or they will kick us more next year when they have a bigger majority."
Pelosi on her way into the House Democrats' meeting: "We are not shutting down the government."
RT @brianstelter: Impressive stat: "As of May 20, 2015, Letterman will have hosted 6,028 total episodes of both 'Late Night' and the LATE S…
RT @HeerJeet: To be perfectly honest, I like the CIA more when it's funding the Paris review rather than torturing people.
RT @TCavin: Sheep wearing holiday sweater found in Omaha  http://t.co/Oc4C8TKV54
In hearing on an AUMF against ISIL, Sen Markey cites the fact that 670,000 veterans are officially disabled from Iraq and Afghanistan.
Senator Booker is stuck on a broken subway car between the Senate office buildings and the Capitol. http://t.co/DLIeG18kYi
Sec. Kerry using the names ISIL and Daesh interchangeably. Perhaps using Daesh more frequently than he's using ISIL.
Corker: "Do we plan to go against Assad, militarily?" Kerry: "At this moment, no."
Chairman Menendez to Sec Kerry on AUMF: "There is a famous movie that says 'show me the money.' I say show me the language."
Whip Hoyer says he want's to learn why Sec. Kerry had reservations before saying if he agrees with the release of the CIA torture report.
RT @NationalZoo: Yup, reindeer really do guide sleighs. They were domesticated in Nordic countries by native peoples #25DaysofReindeer http…
Biden on chance of a nuclear deal with Iran: "I’ll tell you, I think it’s a less than an even shot. But it’s a shot."
Vice President Biden at Saban forum: "We will not allow Iran to acquire a nuclear weapon. Period."
RT @davidmaraniss: Regarding Rolling Stone: A larger truth does not excuse a smaller lie. In our profession, it never does.
RT @GrahamBlog: Expect he'll face tough questions at confirmation abt Pres Obamas failing national security policy but I expect he will be …
Armed Services Chairman Levin on Ashton Carter: "He will make an outstanding secretary of defense, and I support his quick confirmation."
RT @sahilkapur: Ted Cruz tried to win over the WSJ editorial board last year. It did not work. http://t.co/AEuLwSQQ4Q
Sen Paul says he's been told there will be a hearing and a vote next week on an authorization on the use of military force against ISIS.
One protestor holding sign reading "Obama is not Emperor." Another shouted "sic semper tyrannis" - famously said by John Wilkes Booth.
Tea Party protestors dressed in period garb are gathered near the Sen Cruz/ Rep Steve King press conference.
RT @SenTedCruz: We should use every tool at our disposal—our constitutional checks and balances—to #StopObamasAmnesty http://t.co/rOj6L1gCBy
Spotted: White House Chief of Staff Dennis McDonough leaving Minority Leader Pelosi's office in the Capitol.
Brookings paper: Transparency doesn't kill deal making in Congress http://t.co/tVpoUO9tJU
Johnson says he needs appropriations to hire Secret Service agents for new presidential campaign cycle and to build new detention centers.
Johnson says Department of Homeland Security can't function properly with a short term CR.
Johnson: Executive actions are not amnesty. The current situation is amnesty. We want people to come out of the shadows.
RT @CBSNLive: Fearful that companies will stop producing flip phones, @SenSchumer has flip phone stockpile, @CBSMMiller reports. http://t.c…
Sec Johnson: I am fully comfortable that deferred action is an inherent executive branch authority.
McCaul: Who should we believe, the President before the election who said he didn't have the legal authority, or the Pres after the election
RT @CAMcGrady: Spotted: @jpmorgan president and CEO, Jamie Dimon strolling through the basement of the Russell Senate Building, entourage i…
RT @CBSPolitics: Schumer: Obama administration and Democrats were wrong to focus on health care, via @Wcronkite http://t.co/5r6o86niZG
Senator Schumer says Democratic Party must focus on bolstering the middle class. @ The National Press… http://t.co/sqi8XGbyJG
Schumer: "Democrats blew the opportunity the American people gave them" by focusing on Obamacare instead of on bolstering the middle class.
Schumer: When Democrats focused on healthcare, the average American middle class voter thought tha Democrats aren't paying attention to me.
RT @NorahODonnell: Senior defense official: Was a "mutual decision" between Hagel &amp; POTUS; had been discussing for the last couple weeks - …
RT @peterbakernyt: Hagel resigning under pressure, @helenecooper reports. Obama decided Friday to push him out amid global crises. http://t…
RT @AshleyRParker: NEWS: House Republicans just filed their lawsuit against the Obama administration, over Obamacare. http://t.co/MbbQdku0Wl
Boehner: Obama's executive action threats undermined trust among his members that administration would faithfully execute an immigration law
Boehner says Obama's executive actions are "deliberately sabotaging" chances of comprehensive reform and "undermining the rule of law."
Obama: Congress certainly shouldn't shut down our government again just because we disagree on this.
RT @CBSNLive: WATCH LIVE: Pres. Obama to announce changes to U.S. immigration policy http://t.co/SP7ZX1bA54
Boehner statement: "The president has said before that ‘he’s not king’ and he’s ‘not an emperor,’ but he’s sure acting like one."
Pelosi goes on to say that nobody was better on immigration than George W. Bush.
In response to question from @nancycordes, Pelosi says it's a dereliction of duty for Congress not to address the broken immigration system
Boehner: President vetoing the Keystone pipeline would be the equivalent of him calling the American people stupid.
RT @NickKalmanFN: .@BuckMcKeon leaves classified #ISIS briefing saying 'we've made some progress but theyre adding to their ranks faster th…
@tjoy7 CBS Evening News, CTM, and Face the Nation all ran segments  http://t.co/hgzgemdvah  http://t.co/BnV9bG7TN7  http://t.co/LVa6rStFEb
@JeffreyGoldberg on Face the Nation: The relationship between the Israeli PM and the American President has never been worse.
RT @RebeccaRKaplan: On executive immigration action, McCaskill says, "I’m not crazy about it" but blames Boehner for not taking up Senate b…
Mitt Romney on Face the Nation: The President is wrong to say that under no circumstances we are going to use ground forces against ISIS.
Israeli PM Netanyahu on Face The Nation: "Don't fall for Iran's ruse. They are not your friend."
Senator Rand Paul says executive action on immigration and funding the government are two separate issues.
Senator Hatch (R-Utah) calls AG nominee Loretta Lynch a "competent and intelligent woman."
Rep Hoyer (D-MD) says he's hopeful that Republicans won't make immigration executive actions a sticking point in funding the government.
RT @SteveCapus: An excerpt tonight on @CBSEveningNews of "@60Minutes: Massive overhaul of Veterans Affairs: http://t.co/gwzHzDhTVY. http://…
The enduring appeal of @bobschieffer http://t.co/3xfjMOOkrS
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy on his way to the WH on whether tax reform will finally happen: “We sure hope so. It’s our goal too.”
You can finally watch CBS News 24/7 - no cable subscription necessary and free of charge. http://t.co/xtMIdceAUt
Obama on McConnell: "He has always been straightforward with me. He's never made a promise he couldn't deliver."
Obama: "I would enjoy having some Kentucky bourbon with Mitch McConnell"
Congress will pass some bills I will not sign.... that's natural, that's the way our Democracy works.
CBS is most watched network for mid-term election coverage! http://t.co/yD8WYvtjHq
NRSC Chairman Jerry Moran says that a Republican controlled Senate gives them a great opportunity to show that they can govern ahead of 2016
RNC Chair Reince Preibus says yesterday's election was a a clear defeat of Harry Reid’s “dysfunctional leadership”.
RT @ron_fournier: Great news for Roberts: He doesn't have to pretend to ive in Kansas anymore.
RT @CBSNews: Election night in America. Watch our live @CBSNews election special coverage: http://t.co/7RbBUJzhsF #Campaign2014 http://t.co…
RT @mkraju: If GOP holds Kansas and GA, wins Alaska, VA, NC, LA, they will have a 54-46 majority
RT @jdickerson: Among union households Walker won 34%
RT @susanferrechio: House Majority Leader @kevinomccarthy R-Calif. said on FOX he wants House and Senate to go on "a joint retreat," and co…
Moran: "We need to govern. We need to govern well.  The Senate needs to function."
Moran: "This is a great moment for us Republicans."
RNC Chair Preibus "We feel pretty good right now." Flanked by NRCC and NRSC Chairs Walden and Moran. @… http://t.co/SiLaM9Ghmp
RT @ChadPergram: Mark Pryor becomes 1st "Mark" to lose tonight in Senate races. D's need Mark Begich, Mark Warner &amp; Mark Udall to win.
Rep. Israel on whether it's possible for Dems to retake the House before 2020 redistricting: "I promise the House will be in reach in 2016."
DCCC Chair Israel: "We left nothing on the field. We knew that this would be tough."
Democratic Leader Pelosi and DCCC Chair Israel confer before polls close. @ Democratic National Committee http://t.co/fla2BgiWNH
CBS election coverage lineup tonight: @bobschieffer @charlierose @GayleKing @AnthonyMasonCBS @jdickerson @BillWhitakerCBS @nancycordes
@nancycordes on Face the Nation says McConnell knows that he would have only two years to show that Republicans are not just the party of no
On Face the Nation Ambassador Power says more health professionals from around the world are needed in West Africa.
On CNN, former Secretary of State James Baker recalls banning Bibi Netanyahu from the State Department in 1990 for anti-U.S. remarks.
Missing UVA student Hannah Graham's remains positively identified.
RT @AlbemarleCoPD: We are asking to hear from people who live along Old Lynchburg Rd or have any information. CPD tip line remains open at …
Rep Cartwright (D-PA) also asks about instituting a 21 day waiting period in West Africa before entering U.S.
Rep Gowdy knocks Ebola czar Ron Klain. "If this were an outbreak of people who don't have wills in Africa I would say fine appoint a lawyer"
Lynch says U.S. is not taking Ebola threat seriously enough. Calls for a 21 day pre-approval in West Africa before traveling to the U.S..
Rep Lynch (D-MA):  I understand we don't want to panic people, but we also don't need happy talk.
DHS Inspector General Roth says that 84% of the hand sanitizer bottles he tested in the government's stockpile was expired.
Oversight Chair Issa: The fact is the head of the CDC basically gave out false information saying that it was ok to have your neck exposed.
Assistant Secretary of Defense Michael Lumpkin emphasizes that U.S. troops in West Africa are not participating in direct patient care.
Rep Turner (R-OH) says he is "very skeptical" of the DoD's protocols to protect against Ebola.
Important read about the future of journalism: http://t.co/LtDIRjPjLv
Schumer on Ron Klain: "He is smart, aggressive, and levelheaded; exactly the qualities we need in a czar to steer our response to Ebola."
Colin Powell: Iraqi Army will have to take back territory from ISIS.  http://t.co/X2W9F6WwxO
Powell: Among the problems at home the U.S. needs to fix is its "constipated Congress" that can't pass anything.
Colin Powell says most important thing America can do to improve its foreign policy standing is fix problems at home.
@AshleyRParker Check out the Pandora station "Summer Hits of the 90s"
Jindal: "The first and most important responsibility of the federal government is to secure the homeland."
Jindal calls it foolish for President Obama to have announced that he will not use ground troops against ISIS.
Jindal calls for more accountability at the Pentagon in the weapons procurement process.
Jindal says Obama's pivot towards Asia "was at least the shell of a good policy." But it wasn't executed properly.
Jindal: "We need to exterminate ISIS. This is not about containing them."
Jindal calls President Obama the first President in his memory who doesn't believe in American exceptionalism.
Jindal at AEI calls for greater defense spending. "The best way to avoid battle is to prepare for it."
Boehner calls for independent review of USSS. Says agency "is beset by a culture of complacency and incompetence."
Inside the New York control room of the CBS Evening News @ CBS Broadcast Center http://t.co/v5m04URMzx
Dempsey stands by his previous statements saying " I will recommend what it takes to destroy ISIL"
Paul: " I would have called for a joint session of Congress... this President missed a chance to galvanize the nation."
Sen. Paul: "We are faced with a crisis in the Middle East that DOES require action...ISIS is now a threat to a consulate in Erbil."
The quality of the democracy is tied directly to the quality of the journalism https://t.co/1xByCo0oEE
RT @neetzan: If a scoop falls in the forest: AG Holder to @NewYorker in February: I’m resigning http://t.co/KkXZfYtGoD (ht @s_m_i) http://t…
Hagel:  "If you look at where we are today [in the Middle East], it is probably as unstable as it has been in our lifetime."
Hagel: "We are at war with ISIL, just as we are at war with al-Qaeda. But destroying ISIL will require more than military efforts alone."
Hagel to House Armed Services Committee: "We want to force ISIS into a three front battle" against Free Syrian Army, Peshmerga, Iraqi army.
Two protestors interrupt Hagel's testimony to the House Armed Services Committee. Capitol Police have to physically drag one out of the room
Sen. Markey: "Mr. Secretary, we are very fortunate to have you in that seat." Kerry: "Well you are, because you have my old seat!"
Kerry to Rand Paul: "The President absolutely clearly has not violated the constitution" and has followed Article 2 and the War Powers Act.
Rand Paul to Kerry: "Had we bombed Assad last year ISIL would be in Damascus."
Sen Rand Paul: "I do think there is an American interest in defending the embassy in Baghdad and consulate in Erbil."
McCain to Kerry: We at least owe it to the Free Syrian Army to negate the air attacks they are subjected to from Assad.
Kerry: We don't believe any states are supporting ISIL.
Kerry: If someone has to be on the ground in Iraq, there are countries in the region with the capacity that "ought to be there first."
@jpcauthor AUMF stands for Authorization for Use of Military Force.
Kerry: We welcome a retooling of the AUMF...but we are not going have our actions dependent on your doing so.
@lachlan When did you join up with the political correctness Stasi?
Kerry: US ground troops deployed to Iraq do not and will not have a combat mission.
Sec. Kerry praises the accuracy of U.S. air strikes against ISIS, calling them astonishing.
RT @SenatorReid: As long as I'm around, there's no Yucca Mountain. http://t.co/yP7SdCEemh
RT @ReutersZengerle: "That was the most complex, highest risk mission we've ever undertaken," Gen. Dempsey says of effort to save journalis…
Sen. Graham: "Do you know any major Arab ally who supports ISIS?" Dempsey responds: "I know major Arab allies who fund them."
Dempsey says at this point US forward air controllers in Iraq aren't necessary. Obama told him to come back to him if situation changes.
Hagel: "It wasn't the U.S. who pushed Maliki out, it was his own people. And Iran was part of that."
McCain jokes that he always appreciates the special attention that anti-war protestors give him at Senate hearings.
Dempsey says role of U.S. forces on the ground in Iraq currently in a non-combat role could change if the situation deteriorates.
Hagel: "We are at war with ISIL, as we are with al Qaeda."
Hagel tells Committee that the plan CENTCOM will give to the President includes actions against ISIS command and control havens in Syria.
Hagel tells Senate Armed Services Committee: "our actions will not be restrained by a border in name only."
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is giving a eulogy for lobbyist Tommy Boggs on the Senate floor.
Spotted: Leaders Reid and McConnell walking together into ISIS briefing, chatting and laughing.
RT @jameshohmann: Hilarious: @SenScottBrown went canoeing today and a Democratic tracker followed behind in a separate canoe! Pic: http://t…
House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce warns that seasoned Chechen fighters are training the over 5,000 ISIS foreign recruits.
Pelosi on Gillibrand's sexism revelations: "My experience was a different one. And certainly when you have the gavel it’s a different one."
Pelosi on whether the House should vote on military action against ISIS: "It depends what the President is intending to do."
@lachlan @jdellinger Done!
RT @seungminkim: Some serious Hill reporter action in @politico lede slot @ChadPergram @dwallbank @WesleyLowery @WCronkite http://t.co/XPUK…
"Yes I've been tortured - by having to associate with Senator Graham on too many occasions." Cracks… http://t.co/FDycYtmsLX
Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) calls for CIA Director John Brennan to resign after revelations of CIA penetrating Intel Committee computers.
McCain to administration official testifying before Foreign Relations: "We learn more from the NYT and WSJ than we do from your briefings."
Santorum said he's heading to Iowa in two weeks, and we should expect to see a lot more of him there.
Just spotted Rick Santorum in the Capitol. He said his daughter is working as a page for the summer and he's taking her out to lunch.
Senator Levin explains his investigation into "basket options" which hedge funds use to avoid taxes. http://t.co/FW1Mo2671g
Rep Kay Granger (R-TX) Chair of the House working group on the crisis at the border says she will deliver her report early next week.
RT @HuffPostMedia: CBS chief says network would be interested in acquiring CNN http://t.co/OZME4PMXHD
RT @jaketapper: McCain: Had I Won in 2000, Iraq War Might Not Have Happened		http://t.co/cd7r90iEOp
Senator Feinstein says she hopes the Israeli ground forces' incursion into Gaza ends soon.
Sen McCain says US should know within hours whether Russia responsible for downed plane. If so, US response should be immediate.
Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Menendez and House Foreign Affairs Chairman Royce cut barbed wire… http://t.co/z8GZFuWaRw
Rep Cole: There's more drinking going on here than you think. And I'd be happy to show you where. Not all of the old Congress is lost.
At hearing about Boehner v Obama lawsuit @RepMcGovern (D-MA) suggests the American people sue the House leadership for gross incompetence.
S.E. Cupp giving presentation on Millennials at New Republic's #pressing breakfast. @ Newseum http://t.co/J8Pbf5djQr
@daveweigel My brother Peter Cronkite is alive and well!
RT @repjohnlewis: 53 yrs ago today I was released from Parchman Penitentiary after being arrested in Jackson for using "white" restroom htt…
@jaketapper @eZorrow He was always adept at mastering new technology so I think he would've tweeted. First he'd be sure facts were straight!
@SenatorDurbin says U.S. shouldn't go at it alone in airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq.
@GrahamBlog says he doesn't see how Republicans win the 2016 Presidential election if their platform is self deportation.
On @FaceTheNation, @SenJohnMcCain says the President is making the same mistake in Afghanistan as he made in Iraq by withdrawing too fast.
"High Noon in Bethesda."  How oversize TV egos can make broadcast legends fight like 8 year old boys. http://t.co/nNkujz0hrm @kdowns53
House Ethics Committee investigating whether Rep Michael Grimm (R-NY) violated House rules or the law by threatening reporter after SOTU.
RT @frankthorpNBC: So this happened at the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony just now https://t.co/PW3zJiJVNe
At Oversight Hearing, Delegate Norton apologizes to IRS Commissioner Kokinen for Republicans accusing him of perjury without any evidence.
RT @ScottWalker: This is nothing more than a partisan investigation with no basis in state law.
RT @ScottWalker: The accusation of any wrongdoing written in the complaint by the office of a partisan Dem DA by me or by my campaign is ca…
Newly elected House Majority Whip Steve Scalise addresses press. @ Longworth House Office Building http://t.co/VWgBNhXVeb
Steve Scalise of Louisiana elected House Republican Whip on the first ballot.
House Republican Conference are now tallying the votes for Whip.
Kevin McCarthy is officially the next Majority Leader.
Boehner: There needs to be an overall strategy not only for Iraq but across the region on how to deal with terrorists.
Boehner says "in it of itself" airstrikes alone are not the proper strategy in Iraq.
Pelosi on working with Iran against ISIS: "I am not one who is interested in working with Iran on this"
@WhipHoyer sings happy birthday to his comms director @kathrynlgrant before his weekly press briefing. http://t.co/iOBgM3ceiB
On @FaceTheNation @nancycordes says Cantor's biggest challenge in his district was people didn't know where he stood on issues.
RT @ChadPergram: Pelosi on Cantor: Know your district down to the last blade of grass.
RT @nancycordes: Rep Pete Sessions (R-TX) tells @WCronkite he's running 4 Maj Ldr, that he has support from other members &amp; that it's all a…
Senator Booker taking a selfie with schoolchildren from Newark. Tells them he wants to see them back… http://t.co/qR3CF8fJI1
RT @LisaDCNN: ONE WEEK: Til WH chief of staff Denis McDonough + @Nick_Offerman (NBC's Ron Swanson) meet, face DC press at  #RTCADinner. Tix…
@PeterLisle1 Great television!
Congratulations to Bill Plante on his 50th anniversary as a CBS News correspondent! http://t.co/Ds57yG6Jbv
Top White House officials, including Susan Rice, watch President Obama's statement http://t.co/irJOuyezc3
President Obama statement @ White House Rose Garden http://t.co/FkicJeMU0s
RT @edatpost: EXCLUSIVE: Tammy Duckworth on Eric Shinseki: 'I think he has to go' http://t.co/ffYEssmBTx #VA #veterans
RT @AmbassadorRice: POTUS: open to limited military presence to preserve gains you have helped to win. Would be training/equipping and CT m…
The Committee on Ethics will establish a subcommittee to look into the allegations of tax evasion involving Rep Grimm (R-NY)
House passes USA Freedom Act to end the NSA collection of Americans' phone data. 303 yeas, 121 nays.
Democratic Leader Pelosi announces her appointments to the Benghazi Select Committee @ United States… http://t.co/kJ25j8IrKg
RT @jparkABC: Watching President Obama talk #VA misconduct on @deirdrewalshcnn's iPad. Cc @frankthorpNBC @WCronkite http://t.co/QV0kzTUB68
A senior Democratic aide says that Pelosi is leaning toward appointing members to the Benghazi Select Committee. Final decision not yet made
Midwesterners are so friendly @ Longworth House Office Building http://t.co/0SehSmgoUq
@PeterRoskam tells @nancycordes that President Obama has an opportunity to engage with the legislative branch if Republicans retake Senate.
@NancyPelosi says there is enough oversight of Obamacare without the new committee on Obamacare that @billclinton suggested.
@NancyPelosi tells @nancycordes that "growth must be the centerpiece of the table" in all fiscal negotiations. #FiscalSummit
@NancyPelosi tells @nancycordes that Republican obstruction to new revenue is the major sticking point in fiscal negotiations.
RT @fiscalsummit: Rep. @NancyPelosi now speaking on http://t.co/HXZoJkF4GF #FiscalSummit http://t.co/pw3wR9AyFL
Portman tells @nancycordes that tax income over the next decade will be historically high. Spending is the problem not revenue #FiscalSummit
Speaker Boehner on the House floor announces the Republicans who will serve on the Benghazi select committee.
Clyburn on concerns about Rs driving the Benghazi committee without Dem participation: "“Let ‘em drive it. They are driving it anyway."
House Assistant Democratic Leader Jim Clyburn opposes Democratic participation in the Benghazi Committee as it is currently structured.
RT @mkraju: Gowdy's selection as chair of select committee on Beghazi means Graham will have some sway in inquiry he's been demanding. The …
Rep Grimm returned to work this morning, telling the press waiting outside his office that he had work to do for the people of his district
Boehner's spokesman @michael_steel says WH CoS McDonough asked for the meeting with @SpeakerBoehner to discuss fixing the backlog at the VA.
Spotted: White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough walking into Speaker Boehner's office.
The indictment against Grimm alleges that he emailed the manager who took over from him a spreadsheet detailing off-the books pay.
Grimm indictment charges that as managing partner of a restaurant he evaded taxes, underpaid employees, and then lied about it under oath.
The VA hearings will come after the Inspector General completes its investigation on patient neglect.
The Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs will hold hearings on patient neglect at the VA in Phoenix.
McCain says that allegations that Assad regime again used chemical weapons are "deeply disturbing, but not surprising."
RT @CBSEveningNews: BREAKING: CBS announces Stephen Colbert to be next host of "Late Show."
Leader Pelosi, Rep DeLauro, and Rep Hanabusa pose with Payday Leis in support of the Paycheck Fairness… http://t.co/Mw8QIfwMyW
Bill Plante interviews Rep John Lewis. Plante first covered Lewis in Selma, AL in 1965. @… http://t.co/Q4J7evI1Lf
David Letterman announces tonight that he will retire in 2015.
At a VA reform presser, Boehner says there's "no question" that weapons should be kept out of the hands of the mentally ill.
Tune into CBS in five minutes to hear from Jeff Glor about the GM hearings. @ Russell Senate Building http://t.co/0ihlOAVCol
The House just passed the "Doc Fix" by voice vote.
Cummings response to Issa: "The entire country has now seen firsthand how Chairman Issa runs this Committee in violation of House Rules."
An open letter from Issa to Cummings claims that the White House helped orchestrate Cummings' ascension to Ranking Member of Oversight.
RT @KateNocera: So @RepThomasMassie 's office is literally 314. And he's added a decimal point.  #PiDay 🍰 http://t.co/LaaTCWBMcF
General Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, says sexual assaults in the military "erodes the very foundation of the profession."
Defense Secretary Hagel tells Congress that he meets with his Joint Chiefs for an hour every week to discuss sexual assault in the military
@Tima_AJAM very nice to meet you too! See you around!
Senator Kaine (D-VA) says that public health investments in Afghanistan are "inoculations against extremism."
ISAF Commander Dunford says that Afghan forces will deteriorate if American forces leave at the end of 2014.
Rep Mike Turner (R-OH) calls for a more robust missile defense posture towards Russia after leaving a briefing on Ukraine.
House Minority Leader Pelosi just said that she supports Senator Feinstein in her exchange with the CIA.
McCain says an independent investigation of the CIA spying on the Intel Committee might be necessary.
Senator Feinstein in a jovial mood after leaving the Senate floor, where she condemned the CIA for… http://t.co/rZzBQkzdCv
Republican Senator Inhofe (R-OK) takes the floor during the all night talk on climate change. He just brought up 'climategate.'
Senator Cantwell (D-WA) speaks of the damage climate change causes to oyster beds in Washington state. Save the Kumamotos!
Freshman Senator Schatz (D-HI) receiving a lot of praise on the Senate floor for organizing all night climate change talk.
A Capitol Police officer trains his canine on a sunny day in Washington @ U.S. Capitol - Senate http://t.co/SXg8zETbFs
State's Rubin ducks Rep McCaul's question asking if Russia committed act of war against Ukraine. Rubin says he's not an international lawyer
Rep Higgins (D-NY) calls for Russia to be kicked out of the G-8.
State's Eric Rubin tells @HouseForeign that the President authorized sanctions on individuals threatening the sovereignty of Ukraine.
Great interview with CBS Evening News Anchor and Managing Editor Scott @ScottPelley http://t.co/VnmVskqlhE
On Face the Nation, Michael O'Hanlon says Putin understands the danger he faces from sanctions.
@CBSDavidMartin on @FaceTheNation says the Russian military is not at its Soviet era strength. Much reduced and weakened.
RT @margbrennan: Visa bans, asset freezes among options being considered by US; #seckerry says businesses may want to think twice before do…
Kerry on Face the Nation: We don't want to return to the Cold War....this can be resolved.
Kerry tells @bobschieffer that he talked to ten foreign ministers yesterday and all of them are prepared to isolate Russia economically.
Kerry on FTN: Russia chose this brazen act of aggression and moved in with its forces on a completely trumped up pretext.
John Kerry on Face the Nation: "You just don't in the 21st century behave in 19th century fashion by invading another country."
@DarrellIssa says on Fox News Sunday that Lois Lerner, former head of the IRS tax exempt division, will testify on Wednesday.
@PaulaReidCBS @CBSNews At 3:30 we are still digging... http://t.co/ixpEqRzcpH
Rep Huelskamp gets a standing ovation at Tea Party Patriots conference for saying it is time to retire Speaker Boehner.
An activist's shirt at Tea Party Patriots conference. @ Hyatt Regency Washington http://t.co/vDrXAsJcKe
Peace (The White Squadron in Boston Harbor) by Walter Lofthouse Dean. 1893. One of my favorite… http://t.co/iXy4WHyYDa
RT @tim_cook: Remembering Steve on his birthday:  "Details matter, it’s worth waiting to get it right."
Governor Rick Perry just told me that he hasn't yet made a decision if he will run for President in 2016.
Participants at the Republican Governors Association meeting are offered 5 hr energy at registration. http://t.co/0WMPzcMy7q
RT @SWaltersTV: #CBS2 EXCLUSIVE @ 5 @BilldeBlasio car speeding, running stop signs-days after his plan to make streets safer http://t.co/pK…
Nancy Pelosi: "Democrats applaud the President for eliminating chained CPI from his budget."
Sledding down Capitol Hill! @ U.S. Capitol - House of Representatives http://t.co/WMTWJOot8j
House passes debt ceiling increase 221-201. 28 House Republicans vote for the increase. 193 Dems vote for it.
Clapper adds that it's now a political decision for Iran if they wish to build a nuclear weapon. They have the technical expertise.
DNI Clapper tells Senate Armed Services Committee that Iran has technical expertise to build a nuclear bomb.
Democratic Leader Pelosi tells CBS that she hasn't yet seen the Republican debt ceiling plan, still has to look at it.
RT @nybooks: A painting by Mendelssohn of the Leipzig church where Bach was the choir director for the last years of his life http://t.co/r…
Rep Mike Thompson talks about the drought in California. Watch tomorrow on CBS This Morning. @ U.S.… http://t.co/DAmQEA811a
DNI Clapper responds that Russia and China are conducting aggressive and impressive anti-satellite testing programs.
House Intel Committee ranking member Ruppersberger raises concerns about China conducting space satellite destruction tests.
At House World Wide Threats hearing, DNI Clapper says intel community must lean towards greater transparency whenever they can.
At House World Wide Threats hearing, Chairman Mike Rogers says Russia and China capitalize on US "indecision" in foreign policy.
Bill O'Reilly has no qualms about repeatedly interrupting the President's answers.
Bill O'Reilly's interview with the President is already tense...
State Dept: "During construction, proposed Project spending would support approximately 42,100 jobs (direct, indirect, and induced)."
2 acres of wetlands would be permanently lost to pipeline. The remaining affected wetlands would remain functioning if executed properly.
State Department Keystone review: "The proposed Project would affect approximately 383 acres of wetlands."
The review also says that crude from Canadian oil sands could still come into the U.S. by rail if Keystone pipeline isn't built.
State Dept review says that the Keystone pipeline won't affect consumer prices. Oil not purchased from Canada would come from elsewhere.
Nancy Cordes interviews Congressman Waxman about his 40 year career. @ Rayburn House Office Building http://t.co/wXDRrE63Xz
As Nancy Pelosi once said; journalists are a breed that hoot with the owls at night and then soar with the eagles the next morning.
RT @Marshall_Cohen: PHOTO: @WCronkite interviews @SenTedCruz after the State of the Union address http://t.co/7pBOdYHN8k
RT @PRyan: Always great to chat w/@ScottPelley for @CBSEveningNews. Hoping POTUS offers a new direction in tonight's #SOTU. http://t.co/dXS…
Memorial for the victims of the shooting at the mall in Columbia, MD @ The Mall in Columbia http://t.co/W257AiDiEI
RT @FaceTheNation: He joins us tomorrow on #FTN RT @WCronkite @SenSchumer offers the Democrats a strategy to defeat the tea party http://t.…
RT @LouiseDufresne: He joins us Sunday on @FaceTheNation RT@WCronkite @SenSchumer offers the Democrats a strategy to defeat the tea party h…
@SenSchumer offers the Democrats a strategy to defeat the tea party  http://t.co/aSTvI8vI32
Rep Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-WA) will give the Republican response to the State of the Union. She chairs the House Republican Conference.
Schumer compares Tea Party to angry populist movements such as Know-Nothings, Prohibitionists, Father Coughlins, and Huey Longs.
Sen Schumer says that while deficit is an important problem, the biggest challenge facing America is the decrease in middle class incomes.
The spending bill just passed the House 359-67. It will now be sent to the Senate for approval.
Sen Inhofe (R-OK) continues to say that time will show Benghazi to be the "greatest coverup in history."
RT @60Minutes: If you were one of the 17.06M viewers who watched Sunday’s #60Minutes, thank you for making us one of the top 5 in primetime…
My gumbo is almost ready @ Archstone http://t.co/GxkaHZUax5
@AliNBCNews Congratulations!
House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers said he expects House to vote on appropriations bills on Tuesday or Wednesday.
@BetsyNBC Roger Mudd for CBS, David Brinkley for NBC, and Howard K. Smith for ABC?
@SenatorMenendez said that the Christie firings "are actions that I would expect the governor to take."
@SenatorMenendez says about Christie presser: "Anyone who is involved in political reprisals, they should be fired."
@GrahamBlog also said Syria should not be called a civil war, it's a regional conflict that is dragging its neighbors into chaos.
@GrahamBlog says on the Senate floor about Iraq "we don't need boots on the ground but we do need leadership" (from the president)."
Senator McCain suggests Petraeus or fmr Ambassador Crocker sent to Iraq to coordinate American assistance in fighting Sunni extremists.
Boehner in his weekly presser: "We have a very divided country, and as a result we have a very divided Congress."
Boehner hits Obama's Iraq policy and calls for a long term commitment to a successful outcome in Iraq.
RT @CNHorn: Chris Christie: "I am not a bully."
Pelosi jokes that she she can only imagine how Chris Christie would act if his scandal belonged to a Dem governor in another state.
The Potomac is frozen solid @ Potomac River at Georgetown http://t.co/bjByG8bZIg
@budicha Even in the freezing cold we can't be walking around Capitol Hill wearing two mismatching coats! Gotta represent CBS well!
RT @SenatorReid: I'll be talking with @BobSchieffer on @FaceTheNation this Sunday to discuss specific steps we can take to address economic…
Equipment aboard MV Cape Ray designed to destroy Syria's chemical weapons. @ NASSCO - Earl Industries http://t.co/ETgNJ193aJ
John Kerry gives Snoop Dogg a fist pound http://t.co/l2X4IX3RPW
@tamarakeithNPR Sad to see you leave the Hill. Best of luck on the White House beat!
RT @jeffzeleny: Reid says Senate will stay in session until Saturday night to do four nomination votes. The others will wait for next year.
@SenatorReid responds to @nancycordes question about Scott Brown: "If someone moved from Utah to run in Nevada it wouldn't go over well."
RT @frankthorpNBC: This audio of Sen McCain interacting with @wcronkite is just CLASSIC McCain: http://t.co/hcmhfpnEsM
The Senate passes Budget bill 64-36.
Sen Feinstein urges nominee for head of State Department's intelligence division to speed up the declassification of Benghazi reports.
During Intel Committee hearing, Chairwoman Feinstein says she welcomes a Supreme Court review of the NSA's meta data collection.
House Ethics Committee is investigating Rep Tray Radel's conduct that formed the basis of his cocaine charge.
Majority Leader Reid says the Senate will consider the budget agreement on Tuesday, and Defense Authorization on Wednesday.
Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers praises Ryan on the House floor, saying his agreement took courage and persistence.
Paul Ryan is speaking on the House Floor in favor of his budget agreement.
With the addition of Rep. Katherine Clark (D-MA) to fill Ed Markey's old seat, the House now has 433 members.
Sen Corker says some discussions in Congress on an additional sanctions bill against Iran "is basically a triumph of politics over policy."
Asked about ending aid to Syrian rebels, McCain calls US Syria policy a "total abdication and failure in American leadership."
At Conversations with Conservatives @Raul_Labrador and others who oppose budget deal say this doesn't undermine Ryan's credibility with them
On CNBC, House Majority Leader Cantor (R-VA) says the important part of the deal is that they maintain the savings of the sequester cuts.
Sec Kerry says he is unable to guarantee to Rep Salmon (R-AZ) that none of the money released to Iran will be used to kill U.S. soldiers.
Kerry: "If you are going to take a nation to war, you better exhaust all the other possiblities to get a peaceful resolution."
Kerry: If Iran got a nuclear weapon there would be an arms race in the region for certain.
Kerry defends Obama's handshake with Castro by saying that the event was to honor Mandela, and the President didn't choose who could attend.
At House Foreign Affairs Hearing, Rep Ros-Lehtinen, R-FL 27 (located in Miami-Dade) hits Obama for shaking Raul Castro's hand.
Kerry on Iran's stated aspirations for a peaceful enrichment program: "It isn’t hard to prove a program is peaceful if it really is."
Kerry: "Has Iran changed its nuclear calculus? I don’t think we can say for sure."
Kerry to House Foreign Affairs: "If Iran fails to meet its commitments we can and will revoke this relief."
Sec Kerry says if the agreement holds, Iran will receive about $7 billion from the temp compromise at the end of the 6 months.
Kerry to House Foreign Affairs: I hope you will leave here today with a sense of confidence that we know what we are doing,our eyes are open
Among the issues Senate needs to complete are the budget, farm bill, defense authorization, doc fix, and nominations.
Majority Leader Reid says the Senate might be working long days and weekends over the next two weeks to get work done before end of year.
RIP Madiba. Thank whatever gods may be for his unconquerable soul.
To all those who argue TV is dying, this Atlantic article shows that teens are watching more TV than ever. http://t.co/R3sGtkd7dV
The House just passed The Innovation Act, a bill to combat frivolous patent litigation, by a vote of 325-91.
Speaker Boehner met with Colombian President Santos this afternoon. They both praised the recently implemented free trade agreement.
Democratic Caucus Chair Xavier Becerra predicts that the budget conference will "end up with something very modest."
Speaker Boehner's prized turkey brine recipe http://t.co/aIIUu4xPX5
According to the Washington Post, Americans will eat 46 million turkeys this Thanksgiving. I'm thankful we live in a country of abundance.
Speaker Boehner puts out a release saying he is pleased to hear that Supreme Court will hear challenges to ACA on religious freedom.
McCain on Iran deal: "This is not a good deal. All it does basically is pause at least some of their activities"
A heckler just a few rows behind President Obama interrupted his speech on immigration chanting "stop deportation"
RT @chrishughes: CBS is streaming its coverage of JFK's assasination minute by minute just as it was played in 1963 h/t @GPows http://t.co/…
RT @RussWKYC: Watching @CBSNews in time streaming of coverage 50 years ago. Fascinating. Cronkite's work remains inspiring 50 years later.
Check out the livestream of CBS's 1963 assassination coverage http://t.co/DybBchN4XO
Congressman Radel in a statement apologizing for cocaine arrest: "Please keep my family in your prayers."
NY Post wins headline of the day award: "Al Qaeda-linked rebels apologize after beheading the wrong guy" http://t.co/0ZWgHXKgNI
Rep John Duncan (R-TN) asks witness panel in Oversight Committee how much it will cost to fix http://t.co/CIc1h8Ncxo. No one knew answer.
US Chief Technology Officer Park tells Oversight "I don’t take any of this personally. It's a fast moving situation with a lot going on."
Rep Mica (R-FL) says Democrats are "running for cover" on issue of Obamacare. Cites Bill Clinton throwing Obama "under the bus."
Cummings to Issa: "I think you owe [Chief Technology Officer] Park an apology, not a subpoena."
Cummings in Obamacare Oversight hearing: "Nobody in this room, nobody in this country, believes Republicans want to fix this website."
Issa: "Established best practices of our government were not used" in developing ACA website.
Issa in his opening remarks at Obamacare Oversight hearing: There was and is a healthcare crisis in America. It's a crisis of affordability
Majority Whip McCarthy says House doesn't have time in schedule for immigration reform this year.
RT @SenTedCruz: Gorgeous shot of the Capitol at sunset this evening. http://t.co/JNpvwYfQ51
@SenJohnMcCain says Assad was almost toppled a year ago, and then Hezbollah, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, and the Russians intervened.
@SenJohnMcCain says Syrian civil war has now escalated to a "regional conflict" because war has spread to Iraq and Hezbollah's involvement.
RT @KateNocera: I am deeply skeptical that Sen. Blumenthal likes both the Yankees and the Red Sox. You cannot have it all Senator.
Amb Ford tells Senate Committee on Foreign Relations that Syrian civl war is now a war of attrition. Neither side can deliver knockout punch
Director of National Intelligence Clapper "Some of this reminds me of the classic movie Casablanca. My god there is gambling going on here."
"Life starts all over again when it gets crisp in the fall." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
The House Energy and Commerce Committee announced that http://t.co/CIc1h8Ncxo contractors will testify at Thursday's hearing.
Cruz on the Senate Floor says that the House of Representatives engaged in "a profile in courage."
RT @MichaelEOHanlon: Had the honor of writing on defense budgets with Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison today.....http://t.co/kQVmMBx9wr
Boehner spokesman says President and Speaker just spoke over the phone and agreed to keep talking.
@RepPaulRyan says about the possibility of a major tax reform deal:   "This is the best chance we’ve had since 1986.”
RT @nancycordes: Just asked @SpeakerBoehner what he needs to reopen govt. "that's what we're discussing w/ President today." He did not men…
RT @brikeilarcnn: Lew in a nutshell: anyone who thinks prioritization is possible doesn't understand how the US pays its bills.
Secretary Lew tells Senate Finance Committee that he thinks debt payment prioritization "is just default by another name."
Sen Hatch: Out of the 53 debt limit increases Congress passed since 1978, only 26 were 'clean'.
Rep Walz (D-MN) demands Rep Huelskamp (R-KS) apologize for asking Veteran Affairs Sec Shinseki if he thinks Sen Reid doesn't like vets.
Congressman John Lewis (D-GA), a former civil rights leader, was arrested for the 45th time today while protesting for immigration reform.
Senate Majority Leader Reid said he will introduce a clean debt ceiling increase bill this week.
Senate Minority Leader McConnell leading constituents on a tour of the Capitol during the government… http://t.co/arSnaAwajX
On the House floor, Speaker Boehner asks the President to "sit down and at least have a conversation" with Congressional leaders.
@SenJohnMcCain pens obit of his former enemy North Korean General Giap: http://t.co/Skrg6T96RR
On Fox News Sunday, Pete King (R-NY) says GOP shutdown strategy is doomed to failure. He compares it to nullification.
@TXRandy14 on the House floor just compared House Republicans to the defenders of the Alamo, and President Obama to Gen. Santa Anna
@SteveScalise on the House Floor just called the barricades blocking the WWII memorial "Obamacades".
@kararowland Yup. My car is stuck in a crime scene are too...
Police helicopters are circling low to the ground on the West Front of the Capitol.
Reports of gunshots fired on Capitol Hill. Police are telling employees to shelter in their offices.
@RepDanKildee says on the House floor that he suspects a majority of House Republicans privately support passing a clean CR.
New York Times reports writer Tom Clancy died. RIP. I devoured all of his books as a boy.
RT @LeoShane: Honor flight vets just knocked over the barriers at the WWII memorial to get inside, #shutdown or no. http://t.co/T4bx8kvFYj
RT @GingerGibson: I'm not over exaggerating when I say I can smell the booze wafting from members as they walk off the floor.
Schumer on debt ceiling: "You could have a situation where you would cause a financial meltdown greater than the one that happened in 2008"
@lachlan Already asked. No response.
Hilarious. John Kerry seems to alternate between only two ties MT @JakeSherman Kerry seems to have lots of nice ties. http://t.co/Pj69d3IiJD
On the Senate floor McConnell voices opposition to a filibuster of the CR. He also urges Democrats to vote across aisle to defund Obamacare.
@SenatorReid says on the Senate floor "we are not going to bow to Tea Party anarchists" and defund Obamacare.
Boehner gives his conference a fist pump as he takes the podium to loud cheers after House vote.
Cheers and enthusiastic chanting at GOP rally after House votes to tie defunding Obamacare to continued funding of government.
@Raul_Labrador says during a Conversations with Conservatives panel that they have "a trust but verify relationship" with party leadership.
The House is now observing a moment of silence for victims of the Navy Yard massacre.
FBI Mobile Command Center just entered staging area near 11th and M.
Rep Jared Polis (D-CO) is giving an impassioned speech on the House Floor urging his colleagues to vote on the Senate immigration bill.
@RepEliotEngel says that there was strong consensus among the bipartisan Congressional leadership meeting in WH to strike Syria.
Manchin also implores President Obama to call Congress back to Washington for a debate on the issue before he takes military action.
Sen Manchin (D-WV) says he doesn't think Syria situation meets the threshold of an imminent threat to the U.S. necessary for use of force.
RT @strobetalbott: Like "red line," Obama's line about "shot across the bow" is problematic: it means deliberately doing no damage to the e…
Obama called Boehner today to talk about Syria. Boehner spox says further consultation with Congress is needed.
MT @SenJohnMcCain "Thanks for the birthday wishes! 'If I had known I'd live so long, I would have taken better care of myself'""
Boehner's letter on Syria also notes that   that he publicly supported the President drawing the ‘red line’ on chemical weapons last August.
Boehner sent a letter to Obama calling on him to make a case to Congress and the American people on why military force is justified in Syria
RT @shearm: Three democratic presidents on the podium today. Must drive Bill Clinton crazy that he's the only one that hasn't won a Nobel P…
House Foreign Affairs Chairman Ed Royce (R-CA) says President is proposing to put action behind his 'redline' words. http://t.co/o8aGz10Nqq
Leader Pelosi stmt says it's "undeniable" that Assad used chemical weapons. Adds that members of Congress stand ready to consult on response
Apparently the latest Tomahawk missiles can loiter over an area for hours, sending back images of potential targets. http://t.co/AXOcd5mXMI
Senate Armed Services Chairman Carl Levin (D-MI) says in stmt that the administration briefed him on Syria this morning.
RT @petermaercbs Carney confirms administration will have "conclusions" on Syria available for the public this week.
CBS confirms that John Kerry called House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce (R-CA) late Monday and they discussed Syria
@MikeGarner9 @DavidMDrucker Thanks for catching the typo
CBS confirms that Senior DoD officials have briefed House Armed Services Chair Buck McKeon (R-CA) about the developing situation in Syria
Sen Minority Whip Cornyn says in stmt that before Obama takes action against Syria he must present a case for it to Congress and the people.
MT @nielslesniewski Speaker and the Senate Majority Leader would need to jointly call Congress back, under terms of adjournment resolution.
Treasury Secretary Lew letter to Speaker Boehner says debt ceiling must be raised by mid-October. http://t.co/zCNbLIzntF
House Armed Services Chair McKeon says in stmt that U.S. credibility is on the line because of the President’s “folly” in drawing red lines
I'm checking out the premier of Al-Jazeera America
English Language Wikipedia printed in Encyclopedia Britannica format would take up an estimated 9.5 library stacks. http://t.co/JkF2JTJJDe
Israel lobby AIPAC is pushing the U.S. to continue giving aid to Egypt. http://t.co/4HtbJClHZ0
President says that the one unifying principle of GOP today is preventing 30 million people from getting healthcare.
Talk about cheap! Renowned publisher FSG used to force salesmen turn over stolen hotel soap for the company bathroom http://t.co/ORUMERlean
60 Minutes story from 1974 about WaPo. A lot of cigarettes in the newsroom. And company revenues of $250 mil a year. http://t.co/ZXNRcbhPSu
Very impressed by the Washington Post's Donald Graham after reading this profile. http://t.co/gFK0o3Zi2a
MT @CBSYangster Today on the aviation beat: A fire at the airport in Nairobi and a 737 hit a cow and skidded off the runway in Indonesia...
McCain in Egypt: "We are here to talk with our friends. We are here to talk with all parties to urge that they sit down with each other."
Sen Graham to Egyptians: "Al Qaeda's biggest hope is that you fail."
Shocked by the news that Jeff Bezos is buying the Washington Post. I hope it works out well.
Nancy Pelosi is making fun of @frankthorpNBC for wearing Google glasses during her weekly presser.
Sen Schumer tells reporters that President shouldn't attend G-20 summit in St. Petersburg after Russia granted Snowden asylum.
Del. Eni Faleomavaega (D- American Samoa) is on the House Floor urging a name change for the Washington Redskins. He calls it offensive.
Sen McCain just gave a powerful eulogy to his fellow POW Col Bud Day. Here is Day's obit http://t.co/NCFva3eS2V
Can't believe Mick Jagger turned 70 today! Clips of some of his best performances over the years: http://t.co/EKN6xeLXEA
Sen Corker after briefing from Deputy Secretary of State Burns: no decision has been made on whether to classify events in Egypt as a coup.
Menendez refused to confirm whether State has decided to classify Egyptian military's action as a coup.
Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Menendez says temporarily withholding fighter jets "is the appropriate message to Egypt's military."
Student loan bill, H.R. 1911, passes the Senate by a vote of 81-18.
The Senate has begun votes on student loan legislation
RT @realDonaldTrump: As I told everyone once before, Wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100% of perverts go back to their ways. S…
Reid says if we take Boehner at his word and judge his record on what he has repealed not on what he has passed, Boehner still fails.
House Intelligence Committee announces that the administration can move forward with its plans for Syria.
Gen Dempsey letter to the Senate Armed Services Committee detailing how U.S. military force could be used in Syria. http://t.co/m3CbQ0oYtR
RT @sissenberg: John Kerry: "Très von Maarten could have been me 35 years ago."
RT @j12doz: A preview of Sunday morning. http://t.co/X2rUEYUZmP
Congratulations @frankthorpNBC and @SharylAttkisson for making the 50 Politicos to watch list!
RT @mikememoli: Manchin statement on McCarthy no vote: "My fight is not with her. My fight is with President Obama and the EPA."
Sen Manchin (D-WVA) sole Democrat to oppose McCarthy for EPA. He spoke on the Senate floor this morning against coal regulation.
Senate confirms Gina McCarthy as EPA head. 59-40 vote.
Congratulations! MT @jacksonjk Starting a new job at @CBSThisMorning in September as Washington's Senior Producer.
Senate votes for cloture on Gina McCarthy for EPA head. 69-31.
Sen King (I-ME) points out that private college tuition traditionally was equivalent to the cost of a new Ford. No longer the case.
Senate confirms Tom Perez as Labor Secretary by a vote of 54-46.
Rubio on the Senate Floor responding to President's Obamamcare speech. Calls the policy "a disaster."
Senate will vote on Perez for Labor Secretary at 12:15 today. At 2:30 Senate will vote on cloture for McCarthy as EPA head.
@markknoller That's a strong statement. Did he have more historical significance than FDR, Churchill, Gandi, MLK? Or Stalin, Hitler, or Mao?
RT @nancycordes: Tonight on @CBSEveningNews: House dems and repubs lay into intel community, accusing NSA of abusing Patriot Act by collect…
RT @AskLisaD: Debate high: @clairmc said Senators are feeling very "Mr. Smith" and "a little high" off yesterday's roll-up-your-sleeves-and…
RT @DLeonhardt: "He went to high school in New York." Hearing that line during the HR Derby isn't shocking. Having it be my high school is.…
McConnell just left Reid's office after meeting for a little over an hour. Didn't give any info to assembled press staking out the meeting.
Senator McConnell just walked down the hallway in the Capitol from his office to Sen Reid's. He refused to answer questions.
Reid: "I love the Senate but right now the Senate is broken and needs to be fixed. I have a vision of a Senate that works again."
House Republican Conference Chair Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers just announced that she is expecting a third child.
RT @mollykord: Best sign I've seen in a long time @cbsnews cbsthismorning @paigekk @jeffglor http://t.co/o8wCzJQNhD
RT @ChiquitaPaschal: The Sun Also Rises--and so does adrenaline: 3 ppl gored at #RunningoftheBulls in #Pamplona. http://t.co/q12skPaE7K
@flagboy140654 Great that you remember Cronkite Remembers. I re-watched much of it while I was working on the book. Highly recommend it!
RT @kasie: McConnell campaign --&gt; MT @Team_Mitch If Reid changes the rules, "Killed the Senate" will be on his tombstone http://t.co/h7fjJt…
Reid says American people think things are going badly in the Senate because of gridlock.
@LukeRussert Thank you Luke!
McConnell says if we don't pull back from the brink Reid "will be remembered as the worst Senate Majority Leader ever"
McConnell says Reid is violating everything he wrote in his own biography
McConnell says Reid "broke his word to the United States Senate"
@CNHorn Thanks Caroline!
The modified Farm Bill, (with nutrition provisions removed) passes 216-208.
I enjoyed appearing on @Morning_Joe this morning to discuss "Cronkite's War" http://t.co/cKq3CTyugn
RT @KellyO: .@SenatorReid jokes that his grandson shot off the fireworks for the family in Nevada.."I won't ask where he got them..."
NY Post headline: BUYER'S RE-MORSI
RT @matthewamiller: The Revolution Will Not be Televised. (Except when the Zimmerman trial is in recess.)
@SarahJSchles @cait_oconnell I also didn't know that Longstreet was US Grant's groomsman at his wedding.
RT @SaraHimeles: My first blog post for @ApartmentList :)  Top 10 Coolest Things to Have in Your Apartment http://t.co/z00XMuKoov
Oversight Committee passes resolution on a party line vote stating that Lois Lerner waived her 5th amendment rights by reading statement.
Sen Flake is optimistic exiting the floor. On immigration going forward he says:  "We can go to conference with just about anything."
RT @pkcapitol: Boehner: majority of majority must support even a Conf report for immigration. He thought he had been "pretty clear" on this…
RT @islivingston: #GenDempsey: cyberattack with destructive impact not necessarily responded to with cyberattack. Response could be traditi…
Ways and Means ranking Member Sander Levin calls for testimony from Inspector General about IRS screening of progressive groups.
@nickkalmanfn The most crowded I've every seen the Rayburn halls. Staffers, tourists, summer interns, special interest advocates...
Sen Boxer (D-CA) says she is disappointed the President's climate change speech today doesn't mention stopping the "tar sand pipeline".
A reporter asks Sen Lindsey Graham about the NSA. Graham points to the ceiling and says "speak up so they can hear you. "
In his weekly pen and pad, Steny Hoyer expresses optimism that House will pass immigration reform, citing pressure from national Republicans
Cloture on immigration amendement on border security passes 67-27.
Harry Reid on the Senate floor knocks House Republican leadership for failing to pass the farm bill.
Best wishes to the escaped red pana Rusty. I hope he enjoys his time of freedom, however long it lasts.
"She accomplished the best and greatest thing in life — she died without regrets or fear." Leo Tolstoy
With Boehner and McConnell sitting behind him, Harry Reid says that DC residents die for America just like residents of Kentucky and Ohio.
"Once you learn to read, you will always be free." Frederick Douglas
Rep Andy Barr (R-KY) is on the House Floor speaking in honor of National Bourbon Day
Armed Services Committee Chairman Levin says the red line being crossed in Syria means "there will be consequences."
Fires are crackling in the Speakers Lobby fireplaces. First time in months.
Harry Reid on Mayor Bloomberg: "He is kind of a free spirit. And a very rich one."
At gun control presser with Newtown victims Harry Reid talks of his father killing himself with a pistol.
Sen Graham on NSA: "Any member of Congress who said they didn't know about these programs have no one to blame but themselves."
Microsoft spox says there are far more high school seniors taking AP Italian than AP Comp Sci. Tech companies pushing more STEM education.
Wow. More than a million people now hold top-secret clearances. http://t.co/hu8WZMWdXg
House Group of 8 has "found a way forward" to draft a comprehensive immigration bill. Labrador drops out of over disagreement on healthcare
Ways and Means Ranking Member Sander Levin (D-MI) says "progress had been made to address the malfeasance that occurred within the IRS "
The Senate takes up the farm bill this week. My latest article for CBS News dot com.  http://t.co/OdtB9AKOI9 via @CBSNews
Senate is expected to vote on the Farm Bill next week. The bill allocates $450 billion over 5 years. 16 million Americans work in ag.
RT @Mosheh: So proud of the @CBSThisMorning team. We had the network's largest morning audience in a May sweeps since 1994. http://t.co/fyE…
CBS Justice Correspondent Bob Orr confirms that a letter addressed to the President containing possible ricin was intercepted.
RT @CharlieKayeCBS: . @CBS says the @CBSEveningNews finished the season in its closest competitive position to second place in adults 25-54…
Best travel article I've read in a while. About great writers on vacation. @kmiversen http://t.co/RJTS2IHlBW
RT @brianefallon: ON @Facethenation, @ChuckSchumer announces four Ds and four Rs - a new "Gang of Eight" -- is ready to unveil media shield…
@MichaelEOHanlon says Obama's speech on drones "nailed it", and collateral damage from dones is comparatively modest. http://t.co/CHU8A5dpfl
Both the House and Senate stand adjourned until Monday, June 3rd.
House passes Smarter Solutions for Students Act 221-198. Prevents scheduled doubling of loan rates by tying rates to the marketplace.
At weekly presser, Pelosi says she wished Lerner had not taken the fifth and instead helped Congress get to the bottom of the IRS scandal.
Chairman Issa says he will bring Lerner back before the Oversight Committee in two weeks because she waived her 5th rights with statement
RT @MichaelEOHanlon: Please check out my oped with Sean Zeigler looking at the literature on civil wars and applying to Syria:  http://t.co…
House bill to approve the Keystone pipeline passes 241-175-1.
RT @PaulaReidCBS: As if he wasn't busy enough, @CBSYangster is now on @Twitter. #planes #trains #automobiles   @CBSNews
Former Commissioner Schulman on whether he is responsible for IRS scandal: "I feel horrible about this for the agency, for the people there"
Rep Jordan cites records showing that former IRS commissioner Schulman visited the White House 118 times in 2010 and 2011.
Lerner as she invokes her fifth amendment right "I have not done anything wrong. I have not broken any laws"
Welcome to twitter, veteran Pentagon correspondent @CBSDavidMartin
RT @CBSDavidMartin: General behaving badly. Commanding General Army Training Center under investigation for adultery and "physical altercat…
The Stolen Valor Act of 2013 passes the House 390-3. Bill would make it a crime to lie about military honors with the intent to commit fraud
@lucycaminada Thanks Lucy! I hope all is well with you!
IRS Miller is asked if he thought the targeting was illegal. He responded "I don't believe it is."
IRS Miller "I did not mislead this committee"
Acting IRS Director Miller objects to the word "targeting." Calls it a loaded term.
Acting IRS Director Miller: "I think what happened here was foolish mistakes were made by people trying to be more efficient"
Ways and Means Ranking Member Sander Levin urges the committee to seek the truth, not political gain.
Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp says IRS scandal stems from a tax system that is rotten to the core and needs complete overhaul.
RT @AdamS: Wonderful honoring @WCronkite on his new book tonight — a great tribute to his legendary grandfather. Pick it up! http://t.co/s9…
Great talking about "Cronkite's War" on the Foxhole this week! @JamesRosenFNC  asked insightful questions. http://t.co/NVnA20hAzH
RT @Mosheh: Letterman at #upfront "Everyone backstage was so excited. They thought I was @BobSchieffer "
RT @normative: This is just incredibly destructive of a functioning press. How many gov't employees are now terrified of ending up on a pap…
So shocked at the reports that DOJ seized AP phone records, including those made from the House of Representatives Press Gallery.
RT @jacksonjk: House Ways and Means announces 1st IRS hearing Friday. Acting Commissioner of IRS Steve Miller and Treasury IG J. Russell Ge…
RT @politicoroger: When Jay Carney says "I appreciate that question," he actually means "I will never return your calls again."
Overheard in the august halls of the Russell Senate Office Building: Female Senate staffers shrieking at the sight of Prince Harry.
RT @ChadPergram: Pelosi encourages her kids &amp; grandparents to remember Mother's Day with chocolate. "Dark. Very dark. Don't even send i…
RT @margbrennan: Just finished an exclusive interview w South Korean President Park Geun-Hye. Strong words, fascinating personal story. It'…
@RobertFeder I hope you enjoy! Fast-track life in wartime London, bombing raids over occupied Europe, crash landing behind enemy lines...
Check out "Cronkite's War" a collection of my grandfather's letters home from World War II. Comes out May 7th! http://t.co/BwTZ8HVd8b
RT @nielslesniewski: The Yankees disabled list makes almost four times as much as the roster of the Astros? http://t.co/e7Lcal2MNH
RT @GSElevator: #1: I don't blame Washington. If I had a few trillion dollars at my disposal, I'd be irresponsible too.
RT @jparkABC: Standing at bottom of #House steps after #FAA vote, @WCronkite &amp; I witnessed @JoeGarcia tumble down steps. Spox says the …
From George Jones obit: "At one point his wife hid the keys to all his cars, so he drove his lawn mower into Beaumont to a liquor store"
Pelosi after Syria briefing: "I myself think we have tolerated for too long assaults on the Syrian people made by their own government."
Pelosi to press after receiving a briefing on Syria from Sec Kerry: "If the line has been crossed the calculus has changed"
You'll be greatly missed. Good luck with Sen Casey! RT ‏@APPhilipson And thus ends my time at @CBSNews. I loved it here. I really did.
RT @ryanbeckwith: France legalizes same-sex marriage. Gay couples expected to wed, immediately begin long, public affairs.
Sen Sessions (R-AL) tells Sec Napolitano that she should have met with Immigration and Customs Enforcement union leadership.
Sec. Napolitano says if she had "her druthers" she would rather the money allocated to a border fence be spent elsewhere on the border.
Grover Norquist testifies in favor of immigration reform: "People are an asset, not a liability"
Sen Durbin: "The voters had the last word on self deportation on November 6th. We are over that now."
Sen. Leahy pauses the Judiciary Committee proceedings to lead the room in standing for a moment of silence to honor Boston Marathon victims.
Kris Kobach, the Secretary of State of Kansas says Tsarnaev case is an example of the need for strong background checks for immigrants.
Microsoft's Brad Smith advocates raising green card and visa fees and investing that revenue into education in the U.S.
Sen Cruz urges Senate to focus on immigration issues where there is "wide bipartisan agreement" such as fixing the legal immigration system
Sen Cruz says that a pathway to citizenship jeopardizes immigration reform.
Sen Flake (R-AZ): I grew up working on a farm, working alongside migrant workers.
Sen Sessions (R-AL) weighed in during the exchange, speaking over Schumer to say "I don't appreciate you demeaning the witnesses."
Schumer says opponents of immigration reform using the tragedy in Boston as an "excuse" to oppose bill. Grassley yells "I never said that"
Grassley and Schumer in a heated exchange at the immigration hearing.
FBI on public safety exemption: "permits law enforcement to engage in a limited and focused unwarned  interrogation" http://t.co/2aSlmqHijH
Public safety exemption to Miranda Right is explained on the FBI website http://t.co/2aSlmqHijH
RT @TVsAndyDaly: When an Elvis impersonator trying to kill the President is the least interesting news story of the week, you know some shi…
RT @rorycooper: Okay, next week, you have a low bar -- let's make it a good one.
RT @MoRocca: Let the uncle have at him first.
RT @Boston_Police: Suspect in custody. Officers sweeping the area. Stand by for further info.
Video shows crowds clapping near police cordon in Watertown
RT @BostonGlobe: BREAKING NEWS: Globe photographer can hear police say, "We know you're in there. Come out on your own terms. Come out with…
Near the scene in Watertown, MA where shots were just heard, numerous police officers are seen on camera shaking hands with each other.
RT @AnthonyMasonCBS: Suspect #2 was driving green Honda Civic w/black hood when he left Pine Dale Hall at UMass Dartmouth lunchtime yesterd…
Leader Pelosi on senators voting against Manchin-Toomey: "They could not protect children with their vote"
RT @kararowland: Reid on Senate floor announces he has changed his mind and will vote for an assault weapons ban.
Heard on Anthony Bourdain's CNN show "Simply put, there is shit going on that they do not want you to see"
DNI Clapper says Korean crisis is just "belligerent rhetoric." Says 1976 DMZ tree cutting incident was more tense.
DNI Clapper to House Intel Cmte: Iranian leaders "exploiting the unrest in the Arab World to spread their influence and undermine the US"
Angus King (I-ME) tells reporters that blocking a vote on gun control "is a shocking disrespect to the American people."
@KateNocera  Congratulations on the new gig at Buzzfeed.  Go Hamilton!
Biden on Thatcher: "She was always forthright in her views and undaunted in her commitment to advancing her nation’s interests."
@JMfreespeech Jake Tapper is talking about it right now on CNN
RT @MichaelEOHanlon: I had the great privilege of writing this oped with Dave Petraeus for Monday's Washington Post--at http://t.co/y4G2 ...
Pelosi calls Thatcher "a leader of uncompromising strength, and a public servant who never failed to break down barriers."
H.W. Bush on Thatcher: "America has lost one of the staunchest allies we have ever known."
Obama on Thatcher: "She stands as an example to our daughters that there is no glass ceiling that can't be shattered."
Boehner on Thatcher: "There was no secret to her values- hard work and personal responsibility- and no nonsense at all in her leadership."
RT @steveholland1: Obama on Roger Ebert: "When he didn't like a film, he was honest; when he did, he was effusive"
Fun fact of the day: ESPN is responsible for 40% of Disney's operating income. http://t.co/9eOoWvWpOW
Journalists are a breed that hoot with the owls at night and then soar with the eagles the next morning.
Leader Pelosi says of Paul Clement, the lawyer defending DOMA: "What a stale role to play in life."
Boehner at reception for Irish Taoieach: "This is the loudest gathering of Irishmen in Washington since the last time Joe Biden dined alone"
RT @RebeccaRKaplan: Paul has quoted 3 -- count 'em, 3 - Hispanic poets and authors.
Rep Steve Scalise (R-LA) predicts that we will see Presidents Final Four bracket before we see his budget.
Sarah Palin gets a standing ovation at #CPAC
Palin channels Joe Wilson: "Barack Obama, you lied" #CPAC
Reality TV star Sarah Palin says "We don’t have leadership coming out of Washington, we have reality television." #CPAC
Sen Ted Cruz (R-TX) said he would not be in the United States Senate if it were not for Sarah Palin. #CPAC
Keep an eye on Scott Walker. He comes off as effective and genuine. A man whose deed follows his word.
Walker: Americans celebrate freedom, not big government. "We take a day off to celebrate the Fourth of July and not the 15th of April."
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker says the Republican Party has to be optimistic, relevant and courageous.
Rep Steve King (R-IA) is hailed in his introduction as someone brings less bipartisanship to the Congress. #CPAC
Jindal: "I'm not calling for a period of navel gazing...I'm calling for us to get out there and win the argument."
Jindal: "We must not become the party of austerity. We must become the party of growth." #CPAC
Jindal: "I am too skinny to run for President of the United States. At least that's what Chris Christie tells me all the time." #CPAC
Jindal makes fun of himself for his disaster State of the Union response a few years ago. #CPAC
@AndreOffdre So true. Used that quote from The Sun Also Rises in a college paper once.
CPAC crowd gives Mitt Romney a gracious and enthusiastic reception. Standing ovation before and after speech.
Romney: "I'm sorry I won't be your President. But I will be your co-worker and I'll work shoulder to shoulder beside you."#CPAC
Romney: "We particularly need to listen to the governors from the blue and purple states." Names uninvited Christie and McDonnell.
Ryan says federal government's brinkmanship is imposing an uncertainty tax on every American. #CPAC
Ryan: The President says we are in a recovery. I say we are in critical care...we are on the verge of a debt crisis. #CPAC
CPAC audience gives Leader McConnell's speech a very warm reception.
RT @igorvolsky: McConnell has already mentioned Rand Paul 3 times in his speech.
McConnell says the Democratic 2016 ticket is shaping up to look like a Golden Girls rerun. Mentions Hilary and Biden.
McConnell calls Rand Paul "a warrior." Says Republicans "need more warriors." #CPAC
Leader McConnell calls Democrats "well organized, well financed, and ruthless."
Trump hits Apple for building its products in China. #CPAC
Trump says that even though he has made 8 billion dollars, people who can't even buy a clean shirt criticize him on television.
Trump pushes for high skilled immigration reform at CPAC. Mentions immigration from Europe specifically.
Rubio: "We don't need a new idea, the idea is called America and its still works." Paul calls for a "New GOP" and calls the party "stale"
Perfect example of overbearing, officious government- shuttering a wilderness camp for not having bathrooms in cabins http://t.co/evFf1wqogy
RT @edatpost: Been wondering this all week // RT @pgourevitch: Why does Pope dominate world news &amp; not new China Communist Party Chief?
RT @mikeviqueira  John McCain now on Senate floor, thanking colleagues for noting today is the 40th anniversary of his release as POW
Rep Reid Ribble (R-WI) reports that House GOP meeting with Obama "was a really great first step."
RT @davidgrayrhodes: .@CBSNews first on with news of the new pope at 1406 ET-- thanks everybody
Sen Manchin says the President in his meeting with Senate Dems seemed very engaged and he stayed over allotted time.
RT @jacksonjk: What's in the @reppaulryan budget? http://t.co/daDoqFmCfl And here is the official blueprint-http://t.co/bI70wbedSi
Harry Reid says that Paul Ryan is no budget guru, "what he understands so well is gimmickry".
@RebeccaRKaplan Snicker's bar is a great choice for a filibuster! Great delivery system for fast, long lasting energy. Nuts, chocolate...
RT @daveweigel  Paul to Brenann, 13 days ago: "I plan to use every procedural option at my disposal to delay your confirmation."
Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-MD) just said on the House floor that he will vote against the CR. He urged his colleagues to do the same.
AP obit of Chavez says he drank as many as 40 cups of coffee a day.
RT @MarkLeibovich: Can't say enough about @jeffzeleny, the greatest of colleagues and peeps. Will miss him terribly here, but the carava ...
I'm loving the dramatic House of Cards on Netflix, but I find HBO's satire Veep more accurate and insightful.
82 year old CBS audio tech Bill Yates just finished a grueling 20 hr work day at the Capitol. He inspires me.
RT @nickconfessore: Tough call for Cuomo on #fracking. Perhaps the only chance for real job growth upstate -- and passionately opposed b ...
RT @RyanLizza: Social media award to @SpeakerBoehner, who has changed his avatar into a pic of page from Woodward book reporting sequest ...
RT @JillDLawrence: Will Hagel withdraw? Tom Ricks puts odds at 50-50 and growing. http://t.co/OXs6wYlY Brennan contrast didn't help http ...
RT @jacksonjk: Clinton: I think it's important to do something on gun violence..but it's important to do it right.
Sen King on the sequester: "It appears as of today that the greatest threat to American security is the U.S. Congress"
RT @ChadPergram: Panetta to Sen Cruz on #Benghazi  You can't willy-nilly send in F-16s and "blow the hell out of a place" without knowin ...
RT @margbrennan: Terrorists attacked a CIA post in #Benghazi yet the question is whether there was an intel failure...Gen Dempsey says t ...
General Dempseys tells Armed Services Committee that sequestration would turn the US into "a second rate power".
Panetta tells Armed Services Committee that he and General Dempsey met with President Obama soon after initial reports of Benghazi attack.
On the House floor Rep. Delaney (D-MD) calls Require a Plan Act "a gimmick of career politicians in their game of chess."
Cantor on House floor:"If you don't have a plan, you are planning to fail. And this President does not have a plan to balance the budget."
Rubio says he hopes he doesn't serve in the Senate for another 20 years.  #buzzfeedbrews
Rubio says a central question in immigration debate is "How do you define border security and how do you certify that it has happened"
Rep. Joaquin Castro and Rep. Joe Kennedy III deep in conversation as they walk into the House Chamber. Two people to watch.
RT @JanCBS: To the farmer in all of us, ie my dad. A great man who worked the land--and always saw pretty wildflowers to take home for M ...
John Kerry is sworn in as Secretary of State in the old Foreign Relations committee room. Says he will be "reporting Monday morning at 9"
RT @nycjim: Headlines to remember ... RT @nytimes: Bloomberg Denies Commenting on Woman’s Derrière http://t.co/ziGc4Lzc
Sen Cruz's staffers just brought a huge posterboard into the hearing room.
Overheard at hearing: Hagel- "I don't have that information in front of me." Reporter- "Seems to be the theme of the day"
Sen Ayotte (R-NH) thanks Hagel for his endurance today.
RT @MAJMikeLyons: Great ideas from Sen King from Maine on dealing with #Vets leaving Active duty. Increase the effort at DOD!
Jeff Sessions (R-AL) thanks Hagel for his testimony and says "you're holding up well."
Hagel's confirmation approach is completely non-confrontational. He is not defending himself against Republican criticisms at all.
Hagel tells Sen Inhofe that it is legitimate to ask about an Iranian newspaper editorial supporting his nomination.
Angus King jokes "It is one of my life principles never to take a job where you have to be confirmed by a legislative body."
RT @chucktodd Anybody who's ever been on a show that takes callers or emailers knows you try to ignore the crazy and respect a show's format
RT @JeffreyGoldberg Odd that pork and Jews are the two main topics of the Hagel hearings.
CT Senator Blumenthal grills Hagel on submarines. The Navy's largest submarine base is in Groton, CT.
RT @DanaBashCNN: After tearing into Hagel, McCain went over to confer with Lindsey Graham. Likely about Graham's upcoming questioning
Hagel says about Iran that he is committed to prevention not containment and "all options must be on the table."
Former Senator Sam Nunn says while introducing Hagel: "War for Chuck Hagel is not an abstraction"
RT @dpletka: Levin taking the tack of a good lawyer &amp; getting the attacks on the table up front #Hagel
Sen. Leahy concludes hearing by saying that he respects different viewpoints and that people need to listen to each other.
RT @ChadPergram: Freshman Sen Hirono last to speak at gun hrng. Asks if they saved the best for last. Leahy says no, you just get the la ...
Sen. Leahy thanks Jeff Flake (R-AZ) for waiting so long for his time to speak, adds:"if it is any consolation, I had that seat long ago."
Captain Kelly “I would expect that many members of this panel or in this room have never been in a fire fight. It is chaos.”
Writer Henry Allen examines gun culture in America. Great read: http://t.co/KGteVcO7
RT @parisreview: “[An artist] has to stand out against the tenor of the age and not go flopping along.” —Evelyn Waugh http://t.co/rNJnxPor
RT @margbrennan: . @JohnKerry says Pakistanis haven't been given credit for their "permissiveness"to allow US presence in country; it he ...
John Kerry to Sen Rand Paul: "Not everything lends itself to simple clarity, black-white"
Kerry gives a spirited defense of an energy policy to combat climate change
Kerry advocates promoting US business in Africa, adding- "China is all over Africa and they are buying up long term contracts on minerals"
RT @margbrennan: A day after #benghaxi hearing &amp; warning from #secclinton re: chaos in N Africa, @JohnKerry avoids mention of AQIM w ...
Rubio: "I congratulate the President for pivoting towards Asia, but if this sequester goes through, what are we going to pivot with?"
RT @margbrennan: Very gentle questions to @JohnKerry so far from SFRC; only curveball was Corker's question regarding Senator Hagel
Sen Corker (R-Tennessee) says he is thrilled for Kerry, and says "I think you have led a life that brought you to this moment."
Kerry becomes emotional in confirmation hearing, "proud that the Senate is in my blood, but equally proud that so is the foreign service."
Kerry says unequivocally that the US won't let Iran have nuclear weapons "our policy is not containment it is prevention."
RT @margbrennan: In prepared remarks @JohnKerry says he'll take up foreign affairs budget as top issue. @StateDept budget is less than 1 ...
HRC says Kerry played an instrumental role in convincing Karzai to accept Afghan election results
HRC on Islamic extremism in Africa: "Al-Qaeda is a brand name as much as an organization."
Sec Clinton says the U.S needs to do a better job conveying our ideology as a counter to the Jihadist narrative.
HRC says that core Al-Qaeda has been decimated but "we do have to contend with wannabes and affiliates"
HRC cautious in testimony on what elements of attacks she knew of in real time: "I was aware of the ones that were brought to my attention"
@edhenryTV  Thanks for the tweet!
Every time I listen to Condoleeza Rice I'm freshly amazed by her brilliance. Thrilled that she is joining CBS News.
RT @susangibbs1: @NYMag's "sloppy kiss to the city" issue features my grandfather's ship in #ReasonsToLoveNY - Help us save her at http: ...
Food for thought: As a commitment to sensible budget cutting, President Obama should eat this year's Thanksgiving turkey and not pardon it.
Obama on his mandate: "I didn't get re-elected just to bask in re-election"
RT @RickHertzberg: Is "I’m having an extramarital affair" the new "I want to spend more time with my family?"
Bill Plante says morale at CBS News is very high. I agree! http://t.co/RE3CwoX0
RT @SenatorJohnMcCain 45 years ago today I intercepted a surface-to-air missile with my own airplane over Hanoi!
Watching a feed of Kid Rock open for Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan in CO.
Long time coming- MT @rupertmurdoch New season shows huge growth in DVR use. Viewers doing all their own scheduling except for live sports.
"How do you have a wall without Walter Cronkite on it?" http://t.co/8ajjykzp
RAHOOL!!!
I highly recommend Frontline's "The Choice" that just aired. An insightful look at the two candidates.
MT @Sarah_Boxer: 58 million ppl tuned into debate last night - &amp; looks like @CBSNews was the most watched network http://t.co/hSfCWx9W
Remember when Bill Clinton said on @FaceTheNation on 9/23/2012 that he thinks Obama will win as long as "the debates are a draw."
RT @SenJohnMcCain: If that debate was a fight they would've stopped it!
RT @petermaercbs: Who won the debate? @CBSNews Knowledge Networks poll 523 undecideds: 46% Romney 23%Obama. Remainder call it a tie.
"Every morning I wake up and think, what are the bastards hiding today" Bob Woodward
While in NY the Iranian President jokes about his orders to assassinate an author on U.S. soil. Makes my blood boil. http://t.co/hey1YPva
Chapter 1 of Ghost Wars details the storming the Islamabad Embassy in 1979. Good historical refence for current crisis. http://t.co/EbxAU1zL
In press avail Romney says about his comments about the Olympics in London "nothing wrong with telling people the truth."
On conference call with supporters,  Obama says that last night Clinton "broke down the issues as effectively as anyone could "
At least it's not named Monkey Business MT @BrianRoss Top Romney donors honored on 150 ft yacht flying Cayman flag http://t.co/rsdztR3u
It was an honor to serve as a guide for the great Peggy Noonan in Tampa on Sunday. http://t.co/isP2QLO0
VA Governor McDonnell at Republican Convention: "Washington has a surplus of rhetoric and a deficit of leadership and results"
@AdamS Great to see you too. Thanks for the t-shirt!
RT @AdamS: Great to see @WCronkite at #gop2012. Hope our genes steer us well this week. http://t.co/RA8EN8GQ
@Pinkomomma The quote was a response to a question in Spanish that I couldn't understand.
Winston Churchill wouldn't have lasted long in this media environment where it's a major political scandal to drink and go skinny dipping.
Erskine Bowles, Democratic co-chair of Bowles-Simpson, praising Ryan budget. Clip http://t.co/rTZBtcFF  Full speech http://t.co/EglwP9M6
@elisefoley Seriously. It was in response to a question in Spanish.
Romney on Spanish language radio station in Florida: "I am a big fan of mango, papaya and guavas"
RT @Brianstelter For their first joint TV interview, Romney &amp; Ryan are choosing America's most popular news show: http://t.co/mFx4szGb
BBC is reporting that Egypt's President has ordered army chief to retire http://t.co/8LvHyeDT
Where the chemistry all began: Ryan pranks Romney at campaign event http://t.co/W5lmQQ5Z
RT @JoeConnollyWSJ: I was thinking how good twitter is for immediate insight &amp; then heard part of @CBSRadioNews coverage - and it wa ...
MT @newtgingrich Ryan carries on the solutions oriented tradition of Reagan, kemp and the contract with america! A great Choice by Romney
RT @politicoroger Paul Ryan Secret Service code name is Paul Ryan. (Recycled Al Gore joke.)
RT @RobertFeder: Lesson: Never doubt a Cronkite's political prediction. From April 11: RT @WCronkite: At 11/2 my bet would be Paul Ryan.
From April 11th RT @WCronkite My bet would be Paul Ryan.
Trump on Fox News says Romney should should exchange releasing tax returns for the release of Obama college transcripts.
This article reminded me of how brilliant Chris Rock is. http://t.co/AEf56UNA
The FT's Tyler Brule says the media is in an age of "exhibitionism and editorial incontinence."
My letter to the New Yorker http://t.co/7sKuAEr0
RT @SarahH_CBSNJ Bibi to Mitt: "We've known each other for many decades. We were so young then. And for some reason, you still look young!"
@parisreview Surprising that Waugh lists Hemingway as an important influence. Hemingway was so American and had a very different style.
Justice Scalia tells Piers Morgan that reading the constitution too broadly deprives the American people of their democratic choices.
This is what DC needs. A superhighway for bicycle commuters. http://t.co/Dpnm3M5a
RT @markknoller: A barber asked the President "when can I cut your hair?." Obama says "you would not want a pres disloyal to his barber."
@candacevbutler Happy birthday to you! Hope you enjoyed the birthday fireworks.
RT @CrowleyTIME: Maybe Roberts still feels guilty about botching Obama's inaugural oath? Now they're even.
@rptlindseyhenry Working for the Political Unit has been a fantastic experience!
My latest article: Sen. Ayotte warns that defense cuts could cost the nation 1 million jobs. http://t.co/87Mdr7be
MT @markknoller: One "stark" not enough for VP Biden. He said today the diffferences between Obama &amp; Romney are "stark, stark, stark, stark"
Romney says he's reading two books right now- The Next Hundred Years by George Friedman and a Vince Flynn novel.
RT @Rebecca_CBSNJ: Rubio: "We are a collection of the world’s go-getters." #Faith&amp;Freedom
In Ohio, Romney praises coal powered energy. Other swing states that are big coal producers- Pennsylvania, Virginia and Colorado.
Trump on Fox News tonight "I used to watch Walter Cronkite.He was something special. You watched him, you trusted him, you believed in him."
Michelle O tells campaign volunteers in VA to register as many people as possible since the election could come down to a few thousand votes
Go Hamilton! http://t.co/bclpLsTr
The story of the American journalists who landed on D-Day http://t.co/E0rp9eK5
Good read: http://t.co/siu7qHmw
Bobby Jindal on Walker's re-election: "good policy is great politics."
On Fox News Sarah Palin joins the ranks of Republicans speaking highly of Bill Clinton. She praised him for cutting government spending.
Bill Clinton says on CNN about Bain"I don't think we ought to get into a position where we say this is bad work. This is good work."
RT @CNHorn Tomorrow on Capitol Hill, one VP possibility (Ryan) questions another (Jeb) at a House Budget Committee Hearing. #veepstakes
Bloomberg's ban on large surgary drinks reminded me of this old Hitchens article http://t.co/cuuepcYU
RT @bkappcbs: On tonight's @CBSEveningNews @cbsjancrawford talks w Romney in 1st intv since securing gop nom. http://t.co/ESXpXGUn
In DNC conference call Rep. Becerra calls  disruption of Axelrod presser by Romney staffers "sandbox politics."
Carl Cameron on FNC predicts $4 to $5 billion in political ads in the next five months. Funded by CoC, big labor, and super donors.
RT @markknoller Pres Obama quotes Wall Street Journal in saying that federal spending on his watch has increased at lowest pace in 60 years.
Rubio gives a moving speech at the Latino Coalition about laborers who work hard everyday to provide a better life for their children.
Romney to Chamber of Congress: "Sometimes I think the guys in Washington don’t like you very much. I love you."
Romney: "We have to stop putting campaign cash ahead of our kids"
Romney:"Teaching is a highly valued profession. It has got to attract the best and the brightest from around the country"
Romney on education:"expand parental choice in an unprecedented way"- says federal education funds should be given to individual students.
Romney on crisis in education: "This is the civil rights issue of our era, and it is the greatest challenge of our time."
Romney was slowed down by a cold this week. He looks fine today at the Chamber of Congress.
Mitt Romney speaking at the Latino Coalition's economic summit at the Chamber of Congress.
America's status as a world power is stronger than ever. http://t.co/yQVee2Ax
Schieffer- "I didn't graduate magna cum laude, I graduated thank you lawdy"
Facebook co-founder likely barred from entering the United States http://t.co/ZwOdF4jV
Former Senator Alan Simpson calls AARP monsters for refusing to negotiate on social security reform.
Geithner says that a major challenge going forward is ensuring economic growth leads to broad based income growth.
Pete Peterson (Nixon admin alum) says wealthy need to pay more taxes, but this alone won't solve the fiscal crisis.
Financier Peter Peterson warns that the fiscal crisis we are kicking down the road is actually a grenade that can explode at any time.
David Brooks calls Obama "slight underdog" this year. Not too long ago Brooks was Obama's conservative-leaning booster. http://t.co/Fe0KHOw4
Obama calls Hilary one of the finest Secretary of States the U.S. has ever had
Was Shep Smith just editorializing on Fox News when he said the President  is now in the 21st century after his reversal on gay marriage?
President Obama releases a statement expressing "deep appreciation for Dick Lugar's distinguished service in the United States Senate."
John Kerry on Lugar's loss- "This is a tragedy for the Senate."
MT @TerryMoran When Lugar came to the Senate, 3 of his colleagues had been born in the 1890s. One-McClellan-voted on Social Security in 1935
Both Romney and Obama campaigns say that their opponent's plan is a throwback to failed policies of the past.
President Obama reads "Where the Wild Things Are" http://t.co/ChGTm7ZG  RIP Maurice Sendak
Joe Sixpack Romney arrested for disorderly conduct in 1981 ....for yachting and choosing to disregard fines. http://t.co/tE0wAmro
@ehbradley Picked up Steve Coll's new book about Exxon. Loved his Pulitzer Prize winning Ghost Wars. Hope this will be as good.
RT @rorycooper I'm glad Newt talks about space with soaring vision &amp; extraordinary expectations. Nothing wrong with dreaming.
Romney meets with Bloomberg in New York: http://t.co/iY0hMLqx by @CNHorn
McCain on bin Laden raid in politics “I have had the honor of serving in the company of heroes. And the thing about heroes, they don't brag”
Very cool! RT @ForeignAffairs Writing final papers? Every FA article has a "Cite!" button that generates the citation in 3 different styles!
Cannot wait for 60 minutes this Sunday.  Lesley Stahl interviews KSM's CIA interrogator.
RT @RyanLizza: Very few lines in Rubio foreign policy speech that Obama himself wouldn't deliver.
Rubio- " The security of our cities are connected to the security of small hamlets in Afghanistan"
At Brookings, Sen Lieberman says Marco Rubio "recognizes that there is evil in the world, and we should not be afraid to call it by name"
I really want to try this http://t.co/3X8XAbTM
@ajjaffe "But Romney refused to throw him a bone." Love it!
RT @CNHorn: Romney, asked about Dog Wars, in radio interview: “I think this campaign is ultimately going to be about jobs not dogs.” h/t ...
On Cunningham radio Romney hits President Obama for playing too much golf and not focusing his full energy on getting American back to work
With eye on November, Romney makes an early play in North Carolina: http://t.co/SAo8WXbR by @Sarah_Boxer
Romney also tells Kudlow that "this is time for the Fed to pull back a little bit and let the market recover on its own”
Romney says to Larry Kudlow that he hopes to "reform our tax system entirely"- broaden the tax base, lower rates, eliminate some deductions
Two charts that show where our state and federal tax dollars go [healthcare, education, social security, defense] http://t.co/W8Rl3rHp
At NRA Association meeting Gingrich advocates UN resolution mandating "right to bear arms as a human right for every person on the planet"
Sarah Palin on Fox News: "The comments that Hilary Rosen made today have certainly awakened many momma grizzlies across the nation.”
David Axelrod tells John King that in politics a candidate's family members "are civilians and should be treated as such"
Hilary Rosen to Ann Romney on CNN "I am sorry if that offended you"
Barbara Bush on Ann Romney controversy: "Life is good. Women who stay home are wonderful. Women who go to work are wonderful. Whatever.”
Gingrich to Wolf Blitzer on campaign check bouncing: “Purely a technical mistake. It wasn't on our part. We issued the check in December”
Can't wait! RT @bookbeast This could be good. RT @littlebrown: Final book of Churchill trilogy coming this fall: http://t.co/BwtYySh6
@WillIkard Who would you pick based on those odds? At 11/2 my bet would be Paul Ryan.
Romney in Hartford CT says America's recipe for success is  "free people pursuing their own dreams in the way they think best"
Doctor advocates replacing Obamacare with old US system of alms hospitals. Good, quick read: http://t.co/ncja5goS
Gingrich on Huckabee radio says it's finally the one-on-one race he's been waiting for.
Big night- 60 Minutes, then Mad Men, then Game of Thrones.
RT @markknoller At least drive 'em to the green in a golf cart. Don't make us wait for their leisurely walk to their next shots.
What a weekend! RT @mnolop Easter mass at National Cathedral, and a bloody mary brunch with @WCronkite to finish a great weekend in DC
Bloomberg hits it out of the stadium again! http://t.co/IWmJZOlA
Romney: The first rule of fixing an economic recovery is focus, focus, focus. The President's attention was elsewhere
Romney is on an LBJ kick. Spoke praisingly of him in speech last night and now again today.
Romney campaign isn't letting cameras anywhere near the candidate the day after Wisconsin win. Cameras kept 150ft. away at DC Marriott.
Romney veepstakes: Will personal connection be key?: http://t.co/0VXiWoVl by @SarahB_CBSNJ
Check out the new CBS This Morning app http://t.co/Q2z3JzeO
Santorum Downplays Expectations Ahead of Southern Primaries:http://t.co/8yuXSxN6 by @Rebecca_CBSNJ
Christie still holds quote of the week- "Damn, man, I’m Governor, could you just shut up for a second?”
RT @lizzieohreally: Saving, not savings. Time is not a bank.
RT @bobschieffer: Confusion in Afghanistan after US soldier fires on civilians. I'll get lastest from @CBSNews' Mandy Clark & David Mart ...
Game Change blew my mind
RT @CBSWalsh #CJCS: Syria air defenses are 5 times more sophisticated than Libya; they are 10 times what we faced in Serbia
RT @ndhapple: .@InsideCableNews - I've learned more watching half an hour of the CBS Evening News than cable TV in the last couple of weeks.
RT @tvnewser For the first time since 2006, @CBSEveningNews beats @ABCWorldNews among younger viewers:
Santorum's 'Satan' remarks out of the mainstream? According to 2007 Galllup poll, 70% of Americans believe in the devil.
Santorum on whether Obama is Christian "He went to Reverend Wright's Church for twenty years....it is a christian church."
Pakistan is also set to eclipse Indonesia as the most populous Muslim country.
Brookings- Pakistan is on its way to eclipse China as the the country with the third most nukes.
Santorum says the Obama administration "looks down their nose at the average Americans. These elite snobs!"
Great new Chipotle ad featuring Willie Nelson song. Glad to see him making money while also promoting his passion for small farms.
By now I can recite America the beautiful backwards RT @CNHorn Nice rendition of Mitt Romney's favorite song. #SuperBowl
This is London: Edward R. Murrow describing the blackout in WWII. http://t.co/CsXwR2iw  This is journalism.
Gingrich says he would replace the poor's safety net with a trampoline to enable them to spring up. #conservativesolutions
Meth lab explosion at luxury Dupont apartment building? Bizarre http://t.co/q4SOQTXs
CBS is bringing back Person to Person next Wednesday, hosted by Charlie Rose and Lara Logan. I can't wait. http://t.co/xAByKW60
Which Presidential candidate as a young man does Alec Baldwin in Glenngary Glen Ross remind you of? http://t.co/0Hfah76c
Odes to brevity. Strunk/White- "brevity is a by-product of vigor." Shakespeare- "brevity is the soul of wit."
Great read- Article about Humphrey Bogart by Pulitzer Prize winning Hamilton alum Henry Allen http://t.co/15A7QZ9r
Newt is making me feel very elite for sitting here in a Washington newsroom. He even used Halberstam's phrase "powers that be."
RT @BorowitzReport Obama on Newt's win: "I haven't been this happy since we smoked bin Laden." #SCPrimary
Shocking that Gingrich, a mainstream Republican candidate, openly mocks protecting property rights.
Santorum cites a "Brookings Institute" study at the debate and in speech today.If he's adding this to his stump he should get the name right
RT @Drudge_Report  INTRADE: NEWT MOVES INTO 2ND PLACE IN SC... http://t.co/9KBuuzxv
@jdickerson Game of thrones is so addictive! I'll die young, but reading it is like kissing god.
Why doesn't outlook have spell check in the subject line??????
Go Hamilton! MT @rupertmurdoch Amazing! Alexander Hamilton born (illegitimate) 40 miles away. Best man never elected president.
Resolutions: Keep my room ship-shape, take fewer cabs, work out every day,remember people&#39;s birthdays, and keep a journal.
RT @jeffglor: Banned words 2011: "amazing," "baby bump," and "shared sacrifice" at top of list http://t.co/UVEfr6JL
Just read:The Murrow Boys: Pioneers on the Front Lines of Broadcast Journalism. Highly recommend it if interested in WWII or journalism.
Eating a big lunch on the Acela to NY. It's a moveable feast!
RT @PJORourke: Reporting is like hunting. Writing is like cleaning the thing you killed.
RT @Lindsey_CBSNJ: In Rochester, NH, Huntsman celebrates being in 3rd in the state, predicts he'll peak in the polls on Jan. 10
RIP Christopher Hitchens. His biting wit will be greatly missed. I'll wager he didn't have a Brideshead Revisted-style deathbed conversion.
My latest http://t.co/iNGtPwdS
Watching Hannity-Gingrich interview. Like everyone who has spent time with Bill Clinton, Gingrich is clearly enamored.
Dennis Miller on Gingrich surge- A guy named Newton must know that what goes up most come down.
Absolutely incredible, mind-blowing 6 minute documentary film by Errol Morris about Kennedy assassination. http://t.co/N3Po40Fp
WSJ gift guide refers to OWS as "sanctimonious street urchins" http://t.co/TfXADAQr
Just finished 19 + hour workday. #winning
@brianstelter @laragon Sample: Abner Louima protests late nineties, anti- Iraq war protests 2002 and Sudan intervention protests 2006.
CBS News first to broadcast news of Cain getting Secret Service protection. Small "original reporting" victories add up.(CNN first to tweet)
Why is OWS getting soo much press attention? I have stumbled upon much larger protests walking the dog in central park.
"What I’m being told is he’s stuck in the lav and, uh, someone with a thick foreign accent is giving me a password to access the cockpit"
I hope Herman Cain picked up some cigarillos at when he was at Versailles restaurant in Miami today.  The best I've ever had.
@SharylAttkisson As an excuse to spend dollars while it still has some value! To the Palm please, taxi.
Super pumped about new CBS morning show! Long time Charlie Rose fan, love Erica, and looking forward to seeing Gayle. http://t.co/ZULMt25V
RT@JillianBHughes:Obama off on the second leg of Asia Pacific trip. Preview of his two days in Australia http://t.co/QvlGJ60s
The Cains seem like the nicest family!!
Another great Andy Rooney story http://t.co/xVdu9Oad
My latest article http://t.co/DwLiCwEy
Touching and hilarious reminiscence of Andy Rooney, by his grandson Justin Fishel. http://t.co/kRkV4kGB
MT @jeffzeleny: In 2008 #Romney wrote NYT Op-Ed opposing auto bailout. It's worth another read before debate: http://t.co/C838DD7G
Love this NYT book review sub head- "In retrospect, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney realize they were right about everything."
RT @CrowleyTIME :Would anyone really pay Bialek to write an entire book? What more does she have to say? Seems like a moot point.
Remember the Scarface scene showing bag after bag of money coming in? It's like that for me, only the bags are of campaign footage discs.
The U.S. State Department spent 17.8 million dollars in foreign aid to China in 2011. Aren't the billions in interest payments enough?
RT@BorowitzReport:Herman Cain is probably innocent of the charges against him, which means Rick Perry will execute him.
RT @jmartpolitico: Cain tells Greta in taped intvu that 1 accuser got bout 3 months salary.  Few hrs ago he said at press club: "I'm not ...
RT@CNHorn :#FF @Lindsey_CBSNJ who almost lost a tooth today in her quest to cover Herman Cain at an overcrowded campaign event. #dedication
Check out my latest article, about Romney fundraiser this morning. http://t.co/xSrG9OqC
Best opening paragraph of a news artcicle that I've read in a while. @jdickerson http://t.co/AP13hvcg
Cheers for living the dream at UBS RT@Nennis89: Running through the Swiss Alps at dusk, #priceless Miss the US of A, but damn this pristine
New investigative piece from my friend @LachlanMarkay http://t.co/scGP1bK8
One of my all time favorite humor essays- "I call it my quiet time but I’m already multitasking" #controlledburn   http://t.co/s3SFfLU9
Check out my latest article  http://t.co/sJrZBKit
RT @SarahH_CBSNJ:Bachmann on DC: "one thing I've learned is you don't win if you don't fight"...says there are few true fighters in DC.
VitaCoco should license the rights to the song Cocoanut Woman- "Cocoanut water got alot of iron, make you strong like a lion."
Thanks to Herman Cain I've discoverd the music of Harry Belafonte. Been listening to "Matilda" on repeat.
RT@CrowleyTIME: Basically, Perry needs to gulp a fistful of Adderall right now, then wash it down with Red Bull.
CBS's @SarahB_CBSNJ confirms Christie will endorses Romney.  Check out the SNL version http://t.co/jgQVgoww
@mnolop Wish I were there with you tonight, sir. Hope to see you tomorrow.
RT@Wired: Exclusive: Computer virus hits U.S. drone fleet http://t.co/1r8qIoQN
Scuba diving nightmare-being forgotten by the dive boat http://t.co/zkLxuQLy
@jdickerson Rick Perry didn't remove wildly offensive name from his family's hunting camp as quickly or effectively as he should have.
Excellent profile of Ann Romney.  She sounds like a very impressive woman.  Didn't know she had MS. http://t.co/ZZj5jVKj
WSJ front page:"Kabul has concluded Taliban leaders are instruments of Pakistani policy and can't deliver deal on their own" Still shocking
Bill O'Reilly just said in passing to Megyn Kelly that "Obama is doing a good job in the war on terror."
Ron Paul condemns Awlaki killing. I'm continually shocked that he still polls so well in GOP primary. http://t.co/2hoNqpIY
Roger Ailes once said a good cable news story should make you un-mute the TV in the room. Interesting new article http://t.co/wNmnn178
RT@BrookeSchwartz: Herman Cain's brother's name is Thurman. HA
So cool! RT@suarezjCBS: About to embark in 5 days of hostile environment training for war zones. Good way to kick off the week..
Bob Shieffer's pet peeve:"People in journalism who find a way not to enjoy what they do."  http://t.co/cTFuekZr
RT @SarahH_CBSNJ: RT @jenniferjjacobs: Trivia question: Which presidential candidate has a degree in economics? http://t.co/UN7KAAAH #ia ...
For the first time in nearly a decade, all three network evening newscasts are up in viewers for the year. http://t.co/LGFdjoFH
Check out my latest article on CBSnews.com http://t.co/s0NaKYBw
RT@SenJohnMcCain:Must-read: Wash Post editorial, "What war? GOP presidential field goes AWOL from Afghanistan"
Ari Gold and his precious babies. Picture is even funnier in the hard copy of the post today. http://t.co/L6bdWKZ
Passionate delivery from President in Richmond. Even Republicans in audience say it was an excellent speech, but they want to see the bill.
How twitter improves writing in journalism-great read http://t.co/kRnkrNp
RT @EricCantor: Let's take the items where we agree and pass them.  Hopefully, we can work together and foster an environment for creati ...
Clear, sunny morning at the University of Richmond today for President's job speech in Cantor's home district.
RT @markknoller: West Wing meets Cable News. HBO announces it has green-lighted Aaron Sorkin dramtic series set at a cable news channel.
Feels like Autumn outside.
Obama-"You are creating prosperity when you share in prosperity"
RT @edhenryTV: Btw, next to @markknoller is young CBS News producer Walt Cronkite the 4th! (no joke) cc @wcronkite http://t.co/PCw7BTT
Didn't know that Jimmy Hoffa Jr. runs the Teamster Union.  He ran as the reform candidate.
The sound system just failed at the labor rally.  Maybe they should have gone with something Japanese made.
This labor rally in Detroit is making me feel guilty for thinking of buying a mini-cooper.  Maybe i should go for an American made Jeep.
RT@blairbanks: In New York you make money, in DC we make history.
Listening to jazz and fireworks in Detroit's Renaissance Center. Didn't know Motor City was such a hot town.
Ignatius: Ironically, if Obama switches to limited counterterrorism strategy, Petraeus as CIA head will again be at the center of the fight.
Another gem from David Brooks http://t.co/wJ8u7BU
RT @pwgavin: The journalistic equivalent of wearing the same dress to the party  http://t.co/c006yGT
This was the first month since the beggining of the Iraq war that no US troops died. Wonderful and important milestone.
RT @bengreenman: If the hurricane turns out to be exaggerated, would you say that it was overblown? Underblown?
One important lesson I've learned covering Irene-listen to old people who have seen it all before over meteorologists.
RT @suarezfjCBS: Transformer across street from us just blew up.
Excellent assesment of the Strauss Kahn affair. "DSK got neither more nor less than he deserved." http://t.co/RvfACc6
RT @DoDBuzz: Cost of U.S. intervention in Libya? About the same as 3 days of war in Afghanistan - http://t.co/5lSoJxX
RT @SenJohnMcCain: Qaddafi on his way out, Bashar al Assad is next.
Listening to Irish folk music at Murpheys
Awesome book review http://t.co/bsBxbso
Heartwrenching story- teenage girl calls her mother as she is eaten alive by a bear in Siberia. http://t.co/YQGdUD7
RT @suarezfjCBS: Check out Chip Reid's report on @GovernorPerry on the @CBSEveningNews tonight!
Great article about how Rick Perry won his last 10 campaigns, all of them against serious candidates. http://t.co/qcZZwXh
RT @Mosheh: Bono's stake in Facebook now nearly worth $1 billion http://t.co/dTmaoVn
AP- Libyan rebels have advanced rapidly on Tripoli in the last 24 hours.  They have surrounded the city and security chief has defected
RT @NorahODonnell: Obama: "I have no problem with people saying Obama cares. I do care."
RT @NatGeo: #FridayFact: Herring communicate by passing gas.
Colbert's super PAC ads encourage Iowans to write in "Rick Parry" in straw poll. http://t.co/4vuVp9I
Sweet new CBS News ad http://t.co/MG9dQRG
RT@WSJ Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasurys down as investors seek safety of Treasurys following Treasury downgrade http://t.co/s2rLkw5
Drove 4 hours south towards VT. Just turned around and heading 4 hours back.
Speeding towards Virginia Tech. Let's hope this is a false alarm.
Very slow day at work.  I already miss the crazy, sleep deprived debt crisis weeks.
In less than an hour-Scott Pelley interviews @SpeakerBoehner and @VP Biden and @nancycordes speaks with @nancypelosi. Must see TV!
RT@jaketapper: What @NorahODonnell actually said:"But you have Democrats saying 'He gave them everything they wanted and we got nothing'"
Happy birthday Soulja Boy! Big 21.
Midnight in Paris inspired me to read The Beautiful and Damned. 66 pages in and nothing has happened. A boring book about boring people.
RT @jdickerson: Credit ratings agencies say a few more lectures on leadership should solve things.
RT @CADelargy: Such a great story from @CBSNews' Chip Reid on @Pets2Vets, org that pairs vets suffering from PTSD w man's best friend ht ...
I'm at the Battle of Bull Run Reanactment. 10,000 reanactors. Check it out on the evening news tonight.
RT: Suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself. - Mark Twain
Can anyone guess the movie? "Max Skinner doesn't do weekends.  Max Skinner doesn't do vacations.  Max Skinner makes money."
RT @markknoller: Great new cheetah cub photos from @NationalZoo at http://bit.ly/hEvUmz  I don't use word adorable, but they are. Will d ...
More Nixon tapes released at 12:30 today- the news gift that keeps on giving.
The Onion- "Congress Continues Debate Over Whether Or Not Nation Should Be Economically Ruined."
Excellent profile of the brilliant David McCullough http://t.co/HQdhpHU
Looks like a protestor attacked 80 year old Rupert Murdoch with a pie or something
Murdoch seems to have been hit in the face
Fight breaks out at Murdoch hearings
RT @rollcall: Read @ktummarello profile: http://roll.cl/nU80gD  RT @cqprofiles: Janice Hahn expected to be sworn in @ 1 today
This news flub video had me in stitches http://t.co/tQvfL5x
@theklondar But maybe RIM will rise again http://t.co/hYNthqm
Check out Scott Pelley's interview with President Obama on the evening news momentarily. Scott puts his 60 minutes interview skills to work!
@CADelargy I'll be at Rock of Ages too! I'm pumped.
I respect a man happy to throw good money after bad in his love for newspapers. He also invigorated and improved the WSJ http://t.co/cQAbU3e
RT @jdickerson: President has talked so much about sacred cows in debt ceiling negotiation its surprising Trump hasn't accused him of be ...
Waiting outside of the cabinet room of the White House for press pool spray of debt ceiling negotiations.
RT @tinybuddha: "Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you." ~Unknown
@theklondar Awesome! Thanks
Just give me a gray fedora hat with a handwritten “PRESS” card stuck in the band, a Lucky Strike, and a Royal manual and I'll be happy #WSP
@theklondar Invite me!
RT @HowardArenstein: Good byline. Now reading : FBI investigates mismanagement at Arlington Cemetery : http://bit.ly/kXFwjI via @CBSNews
Check out recent piece http://t.co/qPsmxbT
RT @BrookingsFP: Mike O'Hanlon responds to Obama's new #Afghanistan plan: Drawdown is reasonable, but may prove risky in key regions. ht ...
Producing a live shot with John Kerry. Check it out on the early show this morning.
Why abandon a sucessful strategy? COIN worked in Iraq, its working in Helmand. Obama wrong to curtail COIN strategy for Eastern Afghanistan.
Summer solstice!
Just started Kissinger's On China- shocked that as late as 1820 China's GDP was greater than that of all of Europe and the U.S. combined.
http://t.co/X1XUhE5
RT @markknoller: Speaker Boehner has a cigarette while making the rounds on the South Lawn at the WH Congressional picnic.  http://twitp ...
RIP Patrick Leigh Fermor- Last of the WWII era British adventurers/travel writers/secret agents. http://t.co/wwSjdps
Great weekend coming up-Georgetown bars tonight, kayaking and swimming tomorrow, producing a shoot Sunday morning, then dinner with cousins
RT @CBSWalsh: GOP Senator Lindsey Graham tells #Panetta the President has put together an A+ national security team
@NickKristof I like personal observations from journalists about their beat that wouldn't be in a standard article - "Obama seems fed up".
Is Breitbart craashing Weiner's news conference???
P.J. O'Rourke- Make politicians drink more.  http://on.wsj.com/jw4HaQ
RT @CADelargy: There's nothing more awkward than looking at Anthony Weiner's pics with the venerable Bob Schieffer. Thanks Congressman.
RT @ScottPelley: I am honored to be joining the @CBSEveningNews team as anchor and managing editor. I hope you’ll join us. http://bit.ly ...
10 best books about war - Max Hastings http://www.guardian.co.uk/culture/2010/mar/14/10-best-books-war-max-hastings
Twitter, Facebook, this is important stuff.
First Walter Cronkite to graduate from college in three generations!
RT @TIME: So... The Taliban is on Twitter | http://ti.me/jSPjjk (via @Techland)
Just turned in my senior thesis on the geo-political importance of Afghanistan!
The last World War I combat veteran just died.  The war to end all wars is no longer in human memory.
Last class of college!
Working on my senior thesis on the geo-political significance of Afghanistan.  Coming down to the wire!
Breathtakingly beautiful Autumn day at Hamilton!
Almost May and its snowing.  Welcome to Hamilton College!
Great article about the importance of not backing down to Islamofascism. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/26/opinion/26douthat.html?hp
Getting back to Hamilton after an awesome weekend at U Penn's Spring Fling.
http://bit.ly/T6SId