@Canada Canadians just lost their Foreign Service office in Acapulco, Guerrero, Mexico to a group of Lybian sailors they should have never challenged to a game of strip poker!
@VallartaDaily Dr. David Alfaro here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco has unfortunately got himself hooked into the criminal conspiracies against me, Gordon Robbins, Alfaro with family married into the lieing  Baumgartner-Christopherson family here Puerto Vallarta from S/W Wisconsin!
@Alcoholics_INTL Now that you at Alcoholics Anonymous headquarters understand my, Gordon Robbins, position, be aware Alcoholics Anonymous members including Arizona law enforcement people involved in coverups of 1964 murder of my father and 1971 murder of a son of mine!
NASA, SpaceX Launch First Flight Test of Space System Designed for Crew via NASA https://t.co/CPTwNxOgvB
@MSNBC Disgusting, provable, and true---United States of America Federal Attorney's office staff in Phoenix, Arizona has included a conglomerate of murders + murderer's helpers including homosexuals in years since 1971.  Coverups of murders of my, Gordon Robbins, family members.
@BBVABancomer Re: Elena Cortez de Brun property and financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX, BanComer execs. here willingly give credibility to criminal con artists who show up but refuse credibility to me, Gordon Robbins, the legal sole beneficio heir to said trust.
@BBVABancomer BanComer execs. apparently willing to give credibility to any con artist, man or woman, re: Elena Cortez de Brun property and financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX while refusing me, Gordon Robbins, the legal sole beneficio heir, any credibility at all.
@BBVABancomer Criminal involvement of BanComer with old, black haired, suit wearing part Anglo man at Plaza Crystal office Puerto Vallarta, Oct. 27, 2017 has to be explained, who he was, why BanComer execs.  ever gave him credibility, and who his associates of past years were!
@MSNBC Murderous Anglo American woman who used name "Kathy Schodt and her accomplice, American born Thomas Schodt, who set up 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins also used Janet Napolitano, Connie Koenan, and two young American children orphaned by the Vietnam war.
@VallartaDaily Criminal intent employees at America Consulate, Guadalajara outdid themselves w/their 2006 efforts to identify me, Gordon Robbins, as having prior association w/Canadian-born Thomas Schodt, this re: criminal Canadian Consul activities in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, MX
@MSNBC No joke herein--Allowing babysitters to get away unpunished in deaths of small children in their care a part of Phoenix, Arizona police culture since 1950's, Arizona Republic-USAToday newspaper's Nicole Carroll withholding statistical proof from public view.
@Alcoholics_INTL This time around I, Gordon Robbins, with Bill and Lois Wilson as antecedent cousins, ask that my name never again be associated with Alcoholics Anonymous, which has been turned into a decidedly criminal organization by its members including law enforcement people
@MNSheriffs I, Gordon Robbins, here Puerto Vallarta, Jal. MX humbly request that two Arizona DPS agents in Zihuatanejo, Gro., MX in 2013-14 be questioned why they, with criminal intent, tried associating me, Gordon Robbins, with the 2010 Arizona murder of a Border Patrol agent.
@Alcoholics_INTL My, Gordon Robbins, antecedent cousin Bill Wilson once wrote that if Alcoholics Anonymous were to be destroyed, it would be from within, and, believe me, you people and affiliated police groups are doing a good job of it!
@MSNBC Just another organisation involved in discrediting me, Gordon Robbins, and aiding murderers of two or more family of mine,is what Alcoholics Anonymous of United States of America, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco,and other regions of Mexico, and parts of Canada turned into
@MSNBC Vicious Arizona law enforcement criminally operatives here in Mexico and in United States of America using similarity between my full name Gordon O'Hara Robbins and my son Gordon Christopher Robbins as another of their tools to attempt to discredit me!
@MSNBC Myself, Gordon Robbins, age 78, with no discernible criminal record, have had all my civil rights violated by Maricopa County, AZ Sheriff's Dept. and American DEA agents in a 2002 and since Phoenix, AZ conspiracy by same to label me a Mexican narcotrafficker's contact.
@MNSheriffs Drug Enforcement Agents (DEA), Phoenix, Arizona of 1971 possibly involved in the many lies tieing my ex-wife Bette to family of suspected narco-trafficker Canadian-born Thomas Schodt.  False info led to March 12, 1971 Phoenix murder of my son by Bette, Patrick Robbins
@MNSheriffs Another bottom line---Drug Enforcement Agents (DEA) criminally involved since 2002 Phoenix, Arizona in efforts to frame me, Gordon Robbins, as  Mexican narcotrafficker's contact should be questioned re: earlier ties to 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@MNSheriffs Re: Delencuent police and Alcoholics Anonymous, two Minneapolis, Minn. Police in about 1882-83 transferred to service w/ Phoenix, AZ Police Dept., one the source of numerous lies about me, Gordon Robbins, ever since!
@VallartaDaily Several southwestern Wisconsin people still now in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX have been telling same criminal intent lies re: me, Gordon Robbins,  as have Baumgartner-Christopherson family here in Puerto Vallarta, JAL., claiming themselves close relatives to me.
@AOC Mitt Romney knows I, myself, Gordon Robbins, never notified of my position as legal sole beneficio heir to the Elena Cortez de Brun property and financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX, Elena Cortez de Brun a family friend who died here in Puerto Vallarta in 1977.
@VallartaDaily A male, possibly American, with residence near Mercado Zapata, has murdered two American men here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX in recent years, the deaths known to, regarded as suspicious by Puerto Vallarta police.  Murderer uses English language voice commands.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, An hombre, posible' Americano, aqui con residencia circa Mercado Emiliano Zapata mata dos, tres personas Americano aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX en anos previosa, ahorra el molests mio, Gordon Robbins, con sus voz en ingles.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Pensionados Policia de Phoenix, Arizona en E.U.A. aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jal. MX ahorra y otras aqui MX muchos anos  mentarosos con pretenciones ellos gran amigos de mio, Gordon Robbins!  Ellos protectaban gente se mata members familia de mio en Arizona.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, El delito de BanComer es un gran delito fraudulencia contra mis, Gordon Robbins, solo legal intersante en moneda y propiedad de confianza de Elena Cortez de Brun se existe aqui hace el ano 1978.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Aqui, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX dia 27 de Octubre, ano 2017 yo, Gordon Robbins, encontrar  primero prueba de un complot de executivos, empleados contra mio en  oficina de BanComer en Plaza Crystal--un viejo con cabello negra, el gerente alli.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Todos el Tiempo de Oct. 19, 2017 yo, Gordon Robbins, aqui end Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, no estoy end el municipio de delencuentes y mentarosos  Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.  Sus amigos alli gran criminales!
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Compania Autobuses de Elite gerente son gran delencuentes y mentarosos, parte de complicidad de mentiras de mis Gordon Robbins, lugares despues Oct. 18-19, 2017, ellos en complicidad con delencuente gente y policia de Zihuatanejo, Gro. contra mio.
@PoliciaFedMx Re: Elena Cotez de Brun confianza aqui, BanComer executivos Puerto Vallarta, Jal. en complicidad con delencuentes de un familia Americanos hace el ano 2007 en Cd. Mexico, ellos un gran familia de mentarosos con historias en Zihuatanejo, Gro. en anos 2O14 y 2017.
@VallartaDaily Socios de BanComer aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, encluyen delencuentes de un familia con historia en Zihuatanejo, Gro. (2014 y Juneo, 2017, uno un senorito) y mas historia en Cd, de Mexico a el ano 2007, naturalamente ellos tambien usaban una mujer.
NASA Secures First International Partnership for Moon to Mars Lunar Gateway via NASA https://t.co/5sUau70qC4
NASA Awards Contract for Construction Services via NASA https://t.co/sdJJDA4Q0Y
NASA Awards Contract for Protective Services at Houston Facilities via NASA https://t.co/gx6khQ2DR8
@VallartaDaily Proven---In early May of 2006 local police in Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico and local Tamaulipas State Police involved themselves in a failed criminal attempt to identify me, Gordon Robbins, with a fugitive wanted for four murders in the United States of America.
@MNSheriffs Take this seriously---The criminal filth of Tempe, Arizona, Arizona State University and Arizona law enforcement have since early 1960's from homes in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico conducted international criminal operations and embraced murderers and other fugitives.
@StateDept @realDonaldTrump @SecPompeo increased crime has been the ultimate result of alliances between police and Alcoholics Anonymous groups in Canada, Mexico, and the United States of America, also showing up in other countries
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, El SenoritO Francisco Ramirez Acuna, Secretaria de Gobernacion parte de tiempo de Presidente Calderon solamente uno de gente en complots delencuencia contra mio, Gordon Robbins, de Guadalajara ahorra en anos pasada, otras officiales Americano y Canada alli
@VallartaDaily A former Phoenix, Arizona police officer who in early 1970's collected $200,000 insurance in his murder of his own son served in Arizona's legislature and, after retiring to Mexico City, was close friend of early 2000's American Ambassador to Mexico Antonio Garza.
@USATODAY A former Phoenix, Arizona police officer who collected $200,000 dollars in his early 1970's drowning murder of his own son also served in Arizona's legislature and may still be alive, an honored American citizen living on west side of Mexico City since late 1990's.
@MNSheriffs Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---becoming very obvious Phoenix, AZ police retirees, American Embassy staff of Mexico City, Alcoholics Anonymous groups there all using AA as tool to cover-up 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick.
@zihua_ixtapa Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico home to several thousand people of American, Canadian and Mexican descent involved directly in the murder or in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  Already known, proven, ignored fact!
@VallartaDaily Senores, Policia Federal de Mexico y AFI gran victimas de mentiras contra mio, Gordon Robbins, por empleados importante de Embajada Americano en Cd. Mexico, este' desde ultimo anos de noventas y encluyen membres de "Double AA" alli y aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jal.
@USATODAY Pamela Van Buskirk's common law husband of 1960's, Gerald Eaton, spent part of his Vietnam war years hiding under the news desk at Arizona Republic newspaper then owned mostly by his common law father in-law Eugene Pulliam, a Society of Professional Journalists founder.
@cronkitenews Are you, Arizona journalists, not curious why CBS and Walter Cronkite never charged w/criminal/libel for Sept., 1965 international television news libel of Arizona State University journalism students, myself one who had just arrived in France in Sept. of 1965.
@VallartaDaily My time in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico before October 18, 2017 provided me an insight into local, Canadian, and Arizonans related criminal operations there as well as information my father C. Gordon Robbins murdered, not a suicide, in Phoenix, Arizona in 1964.
@VallartaDaily Puerto Vallarta local and Jalisco State Police have ended their criminal collusion against me, Gordon Robbins, a criminal collusion w/Alcoholics Anonymous woman Angela Corrales and homosexual Puerto Vallarta Alano Club members William "Bill" McGrail, Russ Weir, etc
@VallartaDaily Puerto Vallarta Alamo Club Alcoholics Anonymous whores here in Puerto Vallarta still trying to credit their criminal lieing bitch Angela Corrales for my, Gordon Robbins, 1960's and since background as writer and major newspaper reporter.
@Alcoholics_INTL Alcoholics Anonymous leadership, New York City, has a full list of Alcoholics Anonymous Puerto Vallarta Alano Club criminal officers illegally accepting and living off inherited funds meant for "betterment of AA" here in Puerto Vallarta, this since 1980's.
@VallartaDaily Promoting "respectability" of Alcoholics Anonymous and Puerto Vallarta Alano Club members by Angela Corrales and Guadalajara Reporter newspaper was an illegally financed  criminal public relations project here in Puerto Vallarta---mid-1980's on.
@AOC Number of wives left behind by U.S. Senator Mitt Romney who are still here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico open for debate amongst religious groups of Luz del Mundo here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, and in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico where none exist.
@VallartaDaily Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---retired Alcoholics Anonymous ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers involved in 1971 murder of my son now here in Puerto Vallarta think downtown Puerto Vallarta is Ave. Insurgentes south of Rio Cuale.
@cronkitenews Columbia Broadcast System (CBS Television, CBS News) paid Arizona State University "largest legal bribe" in history to settle lawsuit re: 1965 Walter Cronkite  libelous broadcast saying ASU journalism students  fled to France to avoid military service in Vietnam.
@POSAScottsdale A criminal complaint of sexual abuse filed against a Catholic priest in Scottsdale, Arizona by old woman in her 80's, "Marge" Schodt, being ignored by Scottsdale, AZ Police.
@StateDeputySPOX @StateDept @SecPompeo @SushmaSwaraj @SMQureshiPTI Encountered Anglo American elderly Alcoholics Anonymous male who hates United States of  America here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico---like most AA members of English language groups here he and his AA associates lie most of time.
@StateDept @UN More worried about new American Ambassador to U.N. Kraft with his Canadian ties.
@dannowicki Dan, Phoenix, Arizona police retirees under attack here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mexico for trying to associate themselves with local legendary American homosexual Alcoholics Anonymous member William "Bill" McGrail, him "an old Phoenix police buddy", they claim!
@jaketapper Jake, suggested interview, Utah Senator Mitt Romney on what it is like to develop hotels and condos on someone else's property here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.  Safe--no ties of Romney to homosexual plagiarist at U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ
@MittRomney Mitt Romney denies he ever attended an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting while developing hotels and condos on someone else's properties here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico---claims no knowledge of legendary homosexual Alcoholics Anonymous member "real Bill" McGrail.
@AOC Puerto Vallarta police report several former Phoenix, Arizona police lining up at a Mitt Romney owned hotel here seeking work as substitute for missing legendary homosexual Alcoholics Anonymous sex pervert "real Bill" McGrail, an ex-L.A.P.D. and Phoenix P.D. police informant
@VallartaDaily One of major problems of Puerto Vallarta Alano Club is covering up criminal extradition of Alcoholics Anonymous members.  Anyone you have not seen around lately like Angela Corrales, real "Bill" McGrail himself, Russ Weir, etc.!
@VallartaDaily Criminal homosexuals running Puerto Vallarta Alano Club and Alcoholics Anonymous here in Puerto Vallarta get special individual income out of Alano Club inherited funds.  Don't you wish you were one of them?  Even those in other countries get their monthly stipend.
@cronkitenews ATTN:  Be grateful!   Homosexual plagiarist running U.S. Federal Attorneys office in Phoenix, Arizona you get to deal with regularly is a special Justice Department hire!  And a Jake Tapper--CNN close "friend".
@jaketapper Jake, Your homosexual plagiarist friend at U.S. Federal Attorneys office says he was hired by Justice Department to cover-up May 15, 1964 Phoenix, Arizona shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins.  Needs your help in murder cover-up because of indecent exposure!
@MSNBC Far too many of the American community here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal. and in Guadalajara, Jal., live their daily lives based on lies from pathological criminal American-born Thomas Schodt who was involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@VallartaDaily Older Ex-Phoenix, AZ police here Puerto Vallarta, Jal. have no problem voicing phony allegations claiming I, Gordon Robbins, murdered my son Patrick Robbins in 1971 for money, them same Phoenix, AZ police involved in March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@MNSheriffs Older retirees Phoenix, Arizona Police Dept. here Puerto Vallarta now have no hesitation in accusing me, Gordon Robbins, of murdering my son Patrick Robbins for money, them the same Phoenix, AZ Police involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Policia Zihuatanejo, Guerrero del ano 2012 son mentarosos en complicidad con actores socios de actor famosa Brad Pitt, con sus mentiras los Americanos Senorito William "Bill" McGrail y "Big John" McCready de aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jal.,  en Zihuatanejo, Gro.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Uno de gente Anglo parte de complot cuando gente Anglo se mata mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona en el ano 1971 fue Americano Thomas Schodt, el ahorra aqui Puerto Vallarta con amigos delencuentes aqui se possible encluyen Policia de dos paises.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, La verdad! Son viejo Policia pensionados aqui desde Phoenix, Arizona se masque que pasa en el ano 1964 en Phoenix, Arizona cuando uno o' mas gente mata mis papa C. Gordon Robbins alli.  Mis hijo Patrick Robbins victima segundo de delencuentes alli en 1971.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Parte de delencuencia de Policia de Puerto Vallarta existe por que mio, Gordon Robbins, no hay gran intersante en una mujer aqui en los anos de noventas, ella un gran mentarosa y membre de familia de uno de Policia importante aqui.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Yo, Gordon Robbins, no se' si el Senorito Americano William "Bill" McGrail con Policia aqui differente grupo que los otra policia pensionados aqui desde Phoenix, Arizona se masque que pasa alli cuando gente Anglo mata mis hijo Patrick Robbins en el ano 1971
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Otra parts de complot delencuencia aqui de Policia Puerto Vallarta mexicanos y el Americano Senorito William "Bill" McGrail contra mio, Gordon Robbins en muchos anos son los Senoritos de "Double AA" en ingles aqui en el 1995 y despues.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Policia aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jal., son gran jefes y delencuentes en un complot de senoritos aqui Puerto Vallarta contra mio, Gordon Robbins, por que mi no un senorito, soy un senor con ninos adultos. Complot existe ahorra por que mis ropa fina que ellos.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, El Americano Senorito grande William "Bill" McGrail es un favorito delencuente y mentaroso de Policia Mexico aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX, McGrail con historia de servicio con Policia de Phoenix, Arizona y Policia de Los Angeles, Calif. antes 1986.
@MSNBC Criminal involvement of U.S. of America Federal Marshal Service personnel "retired" here in Mexico part of their international cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, possibly in complicity with my ex-wife, Patrick's mother as were FBI
@MSNBC Officials of U.S. of America Federal Marshals Service  criminally involved in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins for many years before their top Internal Affairs S.o.B. Robert Ashton got himself criminally involved in 2016.
@MSNBC Phoenix, AZ police retirees here Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mexico today and other regions of Mexico today and in past years have two murders to explain, their 1964 public cover-up of murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and 1971 cover-up of murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@VallartaDaily Either by their long friendship w/local American homosexual Alcoholics Anonymous hero William "Bill" McGrail or by longtime ties w/Phoenix, Arizona police, local Puerto Vallarta police inadvertently part of cover-up 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@MNSheriffs Since I, Gordon Robbins, involved in only a platonic friendship w/a woman related to hierarchal Puerto Vallarta police here in late 1990's, same decided to try to label me "homosexual' like their longtime friend sexual pervert Alcoholics Anonymous hero "Bill" McGrail.
@MNSheriffs Puerto Vallarta local police hierarchy of late 1990's here tried two or three times to get me, Gordon Robbins, involved with criminally deceptive women of their criminally intent choice, one woman a close relative to hierarchal local police may still be involved today
NASA Selects Mission to Study Space Weather from Space Station via NASA https://t.co/fJRNrJ5fzv
@MNSheriffs Anglo member Alcoholics Anonymous known as "Tex" in 1980's willed his estate "for the betterment" of AA here in Puerto Vallarta. Instead individual members like William "Bill" McGrail got a monthly income that has financed their criminal acts re:myself, Gordon Robbins
@MNSheriffs Puerto Vallarta local police have several other Ex-Phoenix, AZ police friends here besides homosexual pervert William "Bill" McGrail whom are and have for many years been involved in covering up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@MNSheriffs Puerto Vallarta local police close association w/homosexual sexual pervert American William "Bill" McGrail, an Ex-Phoenix and Los Angeles,Calif. Police officer, have put themselves in position of involvement in cover-up of 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@MNSheriffs -Criminally intent local Puerto Vallarta police in criminal conspiracy w/their longtime close friend American homosexual sex pervert William "Bill" McGrail to portray me, Gordon Robbins,  heterosexual father of several children, to be a homosexual like McGrail.
@Arizona_DPS At least four Arizona DPS agents on-site in Zihuatanejo, Gro., and here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mexico criminally involved in cover-ups 1964 and 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murders of my father and a son of mine.  Also 2010 Arizona murder of Border Patrol agent B. Terry
@MSNBC Re: Murders of my Robbins family members in Arizona, 1964 and 1971----Columbia Broadcast System (CBS) and Walter Cronkite were criminally contaminated internationally in 1965 by criminally intent Arizona journalists just as ABC has been contaminated in recent years.
@MSNBC Warning--- American Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) contaminated internationally by intentional Phoenix, Arizona ABC TV 15 staff murder cover-ups and racial, religious hate crime activities of recent five years, some done in criminal collusion with local Phoenix, AZ Police.
@AzCapitolTimes Criminally intent Arizona Capitol Times staff involved deeply in covering up May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins because of Tom Spratt and . . . . .????
@MSNBC Re: 1964 and 1971 Phoenix, AZ murders of my father and a son of mine---Criminally intent journalists of most Arizona cities follow the criminal murder cover-up dictates of Arizona Republic media, local ABC TV 15 of Phoenix, and Arizona Capitol Times News Corp. ownership!
@VallartaDaily Criminally intent efforts of local Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Police and their homosexual sexual perverted friend William "Bill" McGrail to portray me, Gordon Robbins, a heterosexual father of several children, as being a sexual pervert like McGrail are easily proven!
@MSNBC Criminally intent efforts of Puerto Vallarta, Jal., local Police and American homosexual sexual pervert William "Bill" McGrail to portray me, Gordon Robbins, hetrosexual father of several children, as being a sexual pervert like their longtime friend McGrail easily proven!
@MSNBC Puerto Vallarta local police and American Consulate, Guadalajara, Jal., MX hold names  police veterans from  Phoenix, AZ police and Los Angeles, Calif. here in Puerto Vallarta in 2006 who were involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@HLNTV Inherited funds of Puerto Vallarta Alano Club meant for betterment of Alcoholics Anonymous here used to support homosexual and related deceptive criminal activities of William "Bill" McGrail, Angela Corrales, others here, w/recipients as far away as San Francisco, Calif.
@VallartaDaily Puerto Vallarta Alano Club (Alcoholics Anonymous) since late 1980's used inherited funds to give personal individual financial support to what turned out be decidedly criminal activities here of homosexual pervert William "Bill" McGrail, Angela Corrales, others.
@VallartaDaily Dante's Inferno Art Gallery, Ave. Basilio Badillo features a live substitute for homosexual pervert "Bill" McGrail known as "Bill" MeGrail, him just another sexually perverted Ex-Phoenix, AZ Police officer from Alcoholics Anonymous and Puerto Vallarta Alano Club.
@GuadalajaraGob Some State Police of Jalisco state, Mexico here in Puerto Vallarta, have made mistake of admitting longtime, since 1980's association w/homosexual sexual perverted American William "Bill" McGrail of Alcoholics Anonymous "fame" here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX
@MSNBC Re: 1964 and 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murders of my father and  son of mine---Homosexual sexual prevent Alcoholics Anonymous American William "Bill" McGrail w/history of service w/both Phoenix, AZ Police, Los Angeles, Calif. Police major criminal figure here Puerto Vallarta.
@VallartaDaily Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona Police involved murder of my son Patrick Robbins---one of often repeated Ex-Phoenix, AZ police male voice broadcasts in English heard on cable television broadcasts here in Puerto Vallarta goes, "I didn't kill your goddamned son"
@VallartaDaily Several extremely criminally intent old men, Anglo and Anglo-Hispanic blooded, have control of voice broadcast facilities here in eastern sector of Col. Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, using  in-place television sound receptors.
@MSNBC Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Although a decades old murder, Ex-Phoenix, AZ police retired here in Mexico, including Alcoholics Anonymous members, have struggled for years to maintain their cover-up of said murder in two countries.
@HLNTV Re: Phoenix, Arizona Police involved March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins---No accident that retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers now living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mexico involved in covering up city location of 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
New ‘NASA Science Live’ Program Premieres This Week via NASA https://t.co/qGPG3OQr4z
@Cronkite_ASU Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Education in Journalism at Arizona State University does not even deal with basic elements of official American government research tools available to journalists and the public via the Internet.
@AzCapitolTimes Two newly arrived ex-Phoenix, Arizona Police officers are using original names Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mexico.  Registering with local police no problem???
@AOC Climate change will reverse, bringing heavy snows to New York by summer of 2020?
@BostonGlobe Hello again, Boston Globe!  Thought you'd like to know of the criminal Phoenix, AZ Police retirees and, surprise, Los Angeles Police retirees here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico involved in cover-up of 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@aristeguicnn Carmen, You would be surprised at number of Phoenix, Arizona and Los Angeles, California police officer members of Alcoholics Anonymous involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins are here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX right now!
@VallartaDaily Myself, Gordon Robbins, kind of curious as to how many Alcoholics Anonymous member Police from L.A.P.D and Phoenix P.D. involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins can be identified as being here in  Puerto Vallarta right now!
@MSNBC Los Angeles, Calif. Police intelligence Division criminal efforts here in Puerto Vallarta since 1995 to label me, Gordon Robbins, a "homosexual" are in concert with same criminal efforts out of U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona.  Criminal collusion possible !
@VallartaDaily Bowes name of just one of Phoenix, AZ and Los Angeles Police veteran officers involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins who was in 2006 "gifted" to Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX and Alcoholics Anonymous here  by L.A.P.D. and Phoenix P.D.
@VallartaDaily Alcoholics Anonymous member Police officers of both Los Angeles, Calif. and Phoenix, AZ have been criminally guilty in murders and robberies of family members of mine since, as it turns out, Los Angeles, Calif. of the late 1940's.
@MSNBC A Los Angeles police officer both before and after his late 1960's to 1974 stint as one of five or six L.A.P.D. officers transferred over to Phoenix police Dept. radio room, a officer named Bowes in 1971 one of AA men involved in Phoenix,AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@MSNBC Los Angeles Police Dept. began illegally profiting off relatives of mine in late 1940's, 1950's when my grandmother's brother Jacob Roland Heberlein signed over control of several his apartment buildings to L.A.P.D. Alcoholics Anonymous members for alcoholic rehabilitation
@MSNBC NBC news will have old news accounts of the massive 1977 looting and robbery of famous singer Lena Horne's mansion in Beverly Hills region of Los Angeles, no one realising then or since that the looters were from the L.A.P.D. itself.
@MSNBC TRUTH, Police of intelligence division of Los Angeles Police Dept. in a criminal conspiracy against myself, Gordon Robbins, since 1977, them covering up the  L.A.P.D.'s looting robbery of singer Lena Horne's mansion in Beverly Hills region of Los Angeles, Calif. in 1977.
@VallartaDaily In English, Canadian women illegally occupying properties tied to Hotel Los Quatros Vientos at 520 Calle Matamoros here in Colonia Centro, Puerto Vallarta, possibly put there by Canadian diplomatic corp criminals with offices in this region of Jalisco.
@PoliciaFedMx En mis, Gordon Robbins actividades correcta contra pensionados aqui desde Policia de Phoenix, Arizona---Yo solo aqui, otra gente con pretenciones ellos con migo o' encargada de mio solamente delencuentes sin importancia aqui Puerto Vallarta.
@VallartaDaily Re: My, Gordon Robbins accurate allegations against ex-Phoenix, AZ police here---I act alone in this, older men pretending to be in charge of me, giving out orders in English just minor criminal filth of Puerto Vallarta with a local radio station at their command.
@MSNBC Re: Myself Gordon Robbins and my accurate criminal allegations against ex-Phoenix, AZ police retirees--I act alone in this, a group of elderly males pretending themselves in charge of me here just more of minor criminal filth of  Puerto Vallarta.
@MSNBC Three different crimes involving ex-Phoenix police here in Puerto Vallarta---1.  1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins.  2.  1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  3.  Criminal fraud attempts to profit from Elena Cortez de Brun trust here.
@VallartaDaily Three crimes Ex-Phoenix Police here involved in: 1. 1964 Phoenix murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins. 2. 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  .3. Criminal fraud attempts to profit from Elena Cortez de Brun property, financial trust here Puerto Vallarta
@VallartaDaily Latest criminal pretension is that I, Gordon Robbins here Puerto Vallarta a crippled old man---a description fitting elderly Wisconsin men with ex-Phoenix, AZ Police service here who were involved directly in 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins.
@PoliciaFedMx Policia de Estado de Jalisco ayudaban delencuente hermanos de una puta Mexicana aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jal., en complot de mentiras de mio, Gordon Robbins, el mismo parte de un grupo se robaron mio en Octubre del ano 2008 en Cd. de Oaxaca, MX.
@VallartaDaily Actors, employees of Warner Bros. subsidiary andcMexico City American Embassy employees associated w/same may know more about 2007 disappearance of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins than they can ever admit.
@MNSheriffs Re: Whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (b. Arizona, 1972)---A possibility exists Scottsdale, Arizona Police knew in 2007 of disappearance, possible murder of Matthew, having refused to take missing persons report from his mother, my ex-wife Bette.
@Arizona_DPS Persons involved in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins include my now ex-wife Bette, Patrick's mother, Arizona DPS, aged American FBI agents and Arizona lawyers, their criminal reach extending here to Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mexico
@USATODAY Sus delencuente socios encargada del periodico Arizona Republic de Phoenix, Arizona en pretenciones mis hijo mas joven Matthew Peter Robbins vive en comnunidad de Cave Creek, Arizona Federal de E.U.A..  Gran mentarosos Ellos!
@MSNBC Anglo associates of Phoenix, Arizona Police and Police regional of Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mexico regret missing two opportunities to murder me, Gordon Robbins, first in summer of 1974 in Phoenix, 2nd at regional bus station in city of Oaxaca, Mexico in October of 2008.
@VallartaDaily I, Gordon Robbins, knew immediately at 5:10 P.M. Saturday afternoon March 12, 1971 that my son Patrick Robbins had been murdered by drowning that same day in Phoenix and that Phoenix, Arizona Police were somehow involved. Hopeless situation in which police involved
@VallartaDaily Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mexico region police infiltrated by Anglo and mixed blood persons including men and women who have Arizona history or prior service with the Phoenix, Arizona Police Department, knowledgable re:1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@VallartaDaily A small group of older Alcoholics Anonymous American and mixed blood homosexual males are ones broadcasting English language orders at me here in Puerto Vallarta, them in criminal collusion with queer William "Bill" McGrail and reformed prostitute Angela Corrales.
@VallartaDaily How many w/Vallarta Daily News, Alcoholics Anonymous, and Los Angeles Police here are associated with American homosexual sexually perverted William "Bill" McGrail and w/covering up 1971 Los Angeles Police involved Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins!
@MSNBC El escritor famosa de Policia de Cd. Los Angeles, Calif. Joseph Wambaugh, otra officials alli conocen en primero anos de setentas Policia desde alli parte del grupo se mata mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona en el ano 1971.
@PoliciaFedMx Policia de Cd. Los Angeles, Calif. aqui en Puerto Vallarta en gran complot de mentiras contra mio, Gordon Robbins, hace el ano 1977 cuando grupo de ellos robaron gran casa de cantara famosa Lena Horne en Los Angeles, Calif., encluyen senorito "Bill" McGrail de ellos
@CNN Unknown journalist supporters of POTUS Trump hoping for descriptions of paid human trafficking from Stormy Daniels and Michael Cohen!
@CIA @MaceTheSpaceDog Thanks, how many fugitives in Mexico and other countries are turned in by CIA agents weekly?
@VallartaDaily No information on large number of fugitives extradited out of  English language Alcoholics Anonymous groups here in Puerto Vallarta since 1980's is available because local English language AA groups are considered "highly respectable"!
@MNSheriffs Re: Criminal aspects of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico Police---Instant credibility to anyone from or with ties to family of criminal liars of Anglo Baumgartner family from southwestern Wisconsin easily given by police in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX ever since 2012.
@MNSheriffs Re: Whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (b. 1972, Arizona)---filled with criminals only way to describe where I am staying here at Hotel Posada Iris, Calle Lazaro  Cardenas 520, Col. Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mx
@PoliciaFedMx Anglo ancianos de Policia de Phoenix, AZ y Los Angeles, Calif. se mataron mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona en ano 1971 ahorra aqui Puerto Vallarta con ayudar de sus compadres de Policia aqui.
@VallartaDaily Proveable, one or more of now elderly Phoenix, Arizona Police veterans involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins "gifted" to Puerto Vallarta in 2006 is still here today.  Vallarta Daily news the sponsor?
@VallartaDaily Still factual, provable--In year 2906 Phoenix, Arizona Police "gifted" Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mexico and Alcoholics Anonymous with several aged Phoenix, AZ and Los Angeles, Calif. Police veterans involved in decades old 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@Canada Canadian criminal fugitives and Canadian Government Intelligence Agents (CIS) now having to share beds in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico
@Phoenix_NC Criminally intent ex-Phoenix, Arizona police officers identified, being dragged out of their homes by Mexican military in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, and Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan, Mexico.  Puerto Vallarta next; several days away!
@MSNBC Possibly true, Milstead, current director of Arizona DPS (State Police) and Scottsdale, Arizona Police Chief Alan Rodbel embarked on murder cover-up international criminal crusade to discredit both me and my identity, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico.
@Arizona_DPS Re: Arizona DPS criminal presence in Mexico---how many Arizona DPS agents assigned here in Mexico now for specific purpose of continuing the Arizona law enforcement cover-up of the decades old March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins?
@Arizona_DPS Arizona DPS has one or more retirees sent here Puerto Vallarta, Jal.,, Mexico in recent years for the specific purpose of discrediting me, Gordon Robbins, sent by Milstead, current head of Arizona DPS in criminal complicity with Scottsdale, AZ Police Chief Rodbell
@VallartaDaily  Criminals trying to discredit me, Gordon Robbins re: my identity and re: 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, have used as a headquarters here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco,  a bar on Calle Francisco Madero a few doors west of Ave. Insurgentes.
@aristeguicnn Los Policia de Zihuatanejo y comisarios alli son muy malo con gran mentiras contra mio, Gordon Robbins, ellos gran socios de gente se mataron otra gente en Los E.U.A. y otra fugitivos alli desde E.U.A. y Canada.
@Gob_Zihuatanejo Sus delencuentes de Policia son mas malo de Policia en todos Mexico con ellos y sus complicidad en mentiras contra mio, Gordon Robbins, Uds en complicidad con gente se mata otra gente en Los E.U.A. y otra fugitivos desde alli y Canada.
@VallartaDaily Phoenix, AZ Police members of Alcoholics Anonymous set up same fellow police officer twice, first w/lies claiming I, Gordon Robbins, fathered his first wife's child in Phoenix in 1980's, then hooking him up with a prostitute here in Puerto Vallarta in later years.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Por que Uds. en complicidad contra mio, Gordon Robbins, con gente se robaron mis equipo y telefono cellular marca Motorola en Octubre del ano 2008 en estacion de autobuses de Cd. de Oaxaca?  Dos de ellos membres familia de una puta aqui en Puerto Vallarta!
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Por que Uds. protectaban los hombres se robaron mis equipo y telefono cellular marca Motorola en Octubre del ano 2008 en estacion regional de Autobuses de ciudad de Oaxca?  Amigos de Uds., desde San Patricio, Jalisco y otras aqui en Puerto Vallarta ahorra!
@MSNBC Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Already aware Phoenix, AZ Police involved in cover-up of said murder, I, Gordon Robbins in mid-August, 1971 go to Phoenix office of FBI only to be confronted by a FBI friend involved in Patrick's murder
@VallartaDaily William "Bill" McGrail began assembling his local homosexual and local police friends crowd here in the 1980's in Puerto Vallarta, most attracted by his perverted sexuality and history of past service with both Los Angeles, Calif. and Phoenix, AZ Police Departments
@VallartaDaily Re: Phoenix, AZ Police cover-up of 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Criminal Phoenix Police hierarchal Alcoholics Anonymous members, Phoenix, AZ may have sent local Puerto Vallarta AA homosexuals recordings of 1980's talks I gave at AA in Phoenix
@RandySpiethNews Re: Ties between Noblesville Police officers McVee(Sp?) and Jackie Stewart and current whereabouts, possible murder of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (b. 1972, Arizona).  Family members of Matthew living in, near Noblesville, his name on properties there;
@MNSheriffs Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Questioning a Keith Novinski who grew up in Fennimore, Wisconsin in 1940's-50's may prove fruitful re: 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins and several First State Bank related 1979 deaths there.
@MSNBC Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Los Angeles, Calif. Police of 1970's and since covering up records showing one or more of their people who were w/Phoenix, AZ Police in 1971 involved in 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@Alcoholics_INTL How many Alcoholics Anonymous members got their Alcoholics Anonymous "education" in prisons and have since had the "honor" of living free as "sober" AA CRIMINALS?  Serious question with many examples running around loose!
@mcsoaz Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff's Dept. and Phoenix, Arizona Police, Arizona journalists, all achieved new heights of public service when they faked Phoenix deaths of free lance writer Don Devereaux and a Phoenix police friend, Brian Quig, in early 1990's.  Provable!
@VallartaDaily Re: William "Bill" McGrail, closet homosexual, sexually perverted Alcoholics Anonymous hero of Puerto Vallarta as well as a veteran police officer w/service history w/both Los Angeles, Caiif. and Phoenix, Arizona Police, his friends have affection for white rabbits
@USATODAY Re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---Why did Phoenix, Arizona police deliberately ignore every investigative lead they had even though their investigators thought my father had been murdered?  USAToday people know why!
@USAO_AZ Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---How many years did the woman who set up 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick work for U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix?  She's a retired employee now living on a Federal Justice Department pension!
@MSNBC Faked deaths---Phoenix, Arizona area journalists (Arizona Republic, New Times) faked murder of free lance writer Don Devereaux(Sp?) and auto-pedestrian "accidental" death of a Brian Quig in early 1990's, Devereaux alive in Bisbe, AZ, Quig possibly alive in Mexico.
@VallartaDaily Re: Phoenix, AZ March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Phoenix, AZ Police, no joke, finally now have a late middle-aged tourist called "Goldie" running around here in Puerto Vallarta admitting he's no longer an "old friend and associate" of mine.
@CanadianPM Justin, Are you not sorry for your 2011 Mexico City and since lies claiming you and myself, American Gordon Robbins, met there in 2011.  Did you know then a Canadian athlete of 1960's was involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@SenateCA Fact--Canada's Foreign Service and Military in Mexico behind your backs consider it their duty to direct fugitive criminal Canadians to ssfe "hideout" locales such  as Zihuatanejo, Guerrero and Puerto Escondido, and Puerto Angel in Oaxaca state of Mexico.
@MSNBC  Phoenix, Arizona Police members of Alcoholics Anonymous were knowingly involved in either 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins or 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins or both. Their criminal influence reaches into Mexico and even into American diplomatic community
@VallartaDaily Re: March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins---In 2006 Phoenix, Arizona Police Dept. "Gifted" local Alcoholics Anonymous and people of Puerto Vallarta with several of their older Police veterans who were involved in 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick.
@mcsoaz Judith Keyrouse, who married Bruce Case of Chandler, AZ in late 1960's, showed decidedly hateful attitude toward me, Gordon Robbins, in mid-March of 1971 when I called to notify her and Bruce of March 12, 1971 drowning of mine and her cousin Bette's first born son Patrick
@VallartaDaily Criminal intent active + retired Los Angeles, Calif. and Phoenix, AZ Police here Puerto Vallarta in 1995 aware of 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins and homosexual "Bill" McGrail's 1970's ties to robbery of Lena Horne mansion in Beverly Hills, Calif.
@VallartaDaily Jalisco State Police officed near El Tuito, Jal., in late 1990's unaware of criminal associates of American homosexual William "Bill" McGrail who, because of his past service w/Phoenix, AZ Police Dept., knew of 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@GuadalajaraGob Viejos, pensionados Policia Estado Jalisco, oficina circa El Tuito, Jal., estan en complicidad con Senorito Americano William "Bill" McGrail y su amigo bandito Hector de "Doble AA" en ultimo anos de noventas, McGrail un delencuente operativo de Policia Phoenix, AZ
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Viejos, pensionados  Policia Estado de Jalisco con oficina circa El Tuito, Jalisco fueron los delencuentes en complicidad con Senorito Americano William "Bill" McGrail y su amigo bandito Hector de "Double AA" ultimo anos de noventas, gran mentarosos ellos
@VallartaDaily Multi  connections exist re: 1964 and 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murders of family members of mine and  criminally intentioned  people here in Puerto Vallarta tied to various Arizona law enforcement people in Zihuatanejo, Gro, MXand Phoenix, Arizona area law enforcement
@MSNBC Old information ignored by American Federal authorities, two distinct groups of Phoenix, Arizona Police, emergency radio room dispatch officers, and headquarters division officers, involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins and the cover-up.
@USAO_AZ In the years since March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, numerous persons were employed at U.S. Federal Attorneys office in Phoenix who were involved in said murder and the cover-up of same, some w/Puerto Vallarta connections in recent years.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, El Gente encargada de oficina de Marshals Federal de Los E.U.A.en Phoenix, Arizona ahorra en muchos anos en complicidad a masque que pass cuando otra gente mataban mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona en el ano 1971. Encluyen socios de el mas viejo?
@MSNBC Easily proven---John Leonardo, former U.S. Federal Attorney in Arizona held pertinent information on March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins, too afraid of Phoenix, AZ Police to reveal said information.
@MNSheriffs Possibility criminally intentioned persons from region of Lancaster and Fennimore, Wisconsin with Phoenix, Arizona Police affiliation have bragged amongst themselves about getting away with murders of both my father (1964) and a son of mine (1971) in Phoenix, Arizona
@MNSheriffs Three different groups infecting Mexico for years with their compulsive lies claiming to be relatives or longtime friends of mine:  Ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers: Muesing family of Zihuatanejo, Gro., MX and Minnesota: and anglos here from southwestern Wisconsin.
@VallartaDaily Fact---three different groups infecting Mexico with compulsive lies claiming to be relatives or longtime friends of mine are: Ex-Phoenix, Arizona police officers; Muesing family of Zihuatanejo, Gro., MX and Minnesota: and Anglos from southwestern Wisconsin.
@MSNBC American Embassy staff, Mexico City promoting both the FBI and Phoenix, AZ Police cover-ups of May 15, 1964 and March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murders of my father and son will have to explain their ties to criminally intent Muesing family of Zihuatanejo, Gro, MX and Minnesota
@VallartaDaily Compulsive lies of retired and active Phoenix, Arizona Police here in Mexico and at home claiming longtime "friendship" with myself, Gordon Robbins untrue and date from immediate aftermath of May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins.
@VallartaDaily Elderly Phoenix, AZ and Los Angeles, Calif. Police veterans involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins were in year 2006 "gifted" to Puerto Vallarta and the Puerto Vallarta Alano Club by other compulsive liars from Phoenix, AZ P.D.
@VallartaDaily Re: 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, practically every arriving plane in Puerto Vallarta from Phoenix, Arizona already bringing in compulsive liars from, or associated with, Phoenix, Arizona Police Dept. pretending to be "old friends" of mine
@VallartaDaily Phoenix, AZ Police in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., now and past years pretending to be "old friends" of mine are compulsive liars who, in year 2006 "gifted" Puerto Vallarta with elderly Phoenix Police veterans involved in 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@PoliciaFedMx Senores,  Cuantos de Uds. y agentes de AFI en Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan estan en complicidad  en mentiras contra mjo, Gordon Robbins, mentiras de Uds. en complicidad con Americano y Mexicano membres de "Double AA" alli en y desde el ano 2010?
@VallartaDaily A fact Arizona law enforcement, U.S. of America FBI agents, Federal Marshals do not want people to know about the lies told by my ex-wife Bette J. Robbins that contributed to cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my first born son by her, Patrick Robbins
@VallartaDaily Bottom line---Older ex-U.S. of America deputy Federal Marshals involved with my ex-wife, Bette J. Robbins, Patrick's mother, in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins now a respected member of Puerto Vallarta's municipio government
@MNSheriffs More bottom line---A deputy U.S. of America Federal Marshal involved since 1980's with my ex-wife Bette, Patrick's mother, one of retired deputy Federal Marshals responsible for their  current efforts cover-up March 12,1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@MNSheriffs Bottom line, several U.S. of America deputy Federal Marshals of Tucson and Phoenix, Arizona still TODAY are involved in covering up their predecessor's part in 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins, their more recent actions involving cover-up of said murder.
@VallartaDaily Re: May 15, 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins--Active and former Phoenix, Arizona police here in Mexico and at home have lied so much to so many for so many years, lies supplemented by AZ DPS and M.C.S.O.
@Canada Cañadian government officials in Mexico didn't realise  criminal implications of, in early 2008, flying Foreign Service and Military men from Acapulco, Guerrero to Guadalajara, Jalisco where woman named Alejandra Cortez was immediately and subsequently raped and murdered.
@MSNBC Re:May 15, 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins--- massive lies of active,  former Phoenix, Arizona police officers at home and here in Mexico supplemented w/lies of other law enforcement people, AZ DPS and M.C.S.O.
@MNSheriffs Re: May 15, 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins, active and retired Phoenix, Arizona Police have lied so much and to so many at home and here in Mexico there is no hope for them.
@MNSheriffs Arizona law enforcement at every level since May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ Police involved shotgun murder of my father have  been active and willing criminal accomplices to Gordon Harlan Black and his sister Susan, my ex-wife Bette J. Robbins a Gordon Harlan Black desciple
@VallartaDaily In late 1990's Alcoholics Anonymous homosexual hero William "Bill" McGrail and his visiting law enforcement homosexual tourists here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX became aware of and began making fun of the long deceased Elena Cortez de Brun, a family friend of mine
@MNSheriffs Duluth, Minnesota Police Dept. and ABC TV 15 in Duluth have to explain their 2014 and since criminal complicity with Phoenix, Arizona Police and ABC TV 15 of Phoenix in the police cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@MSNBC Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Arizona Republic newspaper's existence based on inaccuracies in both March 13, 1971 news article on child drowning at 6101 E. Calle del Norte in Phoenix, AZ and in May 16, 1964 news article on shooting of my father.
@VallartaDaily American FBI agents in Phoenix, Arizona witnessed 1980's effort of my ex-wife to blame me in May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins, unaware she also withholding information on March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my first born son by her.
@MNSheriffs Caution---ABC TV, Phoenix and Duluth staffs, former Phoenix, Arizona and Los Angeles, Calif. police officers, Alcoholics Anonymous members are amongst those few serving both murder cover-up and criminal homosexual interests here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@VallartaDaily Old male and female Anglo whores and homosexuals, ex- American Police criminals comprise 80 percent of membership of LOCAL resident members of Puerto Vallarta Alano Club, this true since 1990's and already proven.
@MSNBC Believe this---former Phoenix, Arizona Police Chief Joseph Yahner one of men current Phoenix, Arizona Police Chief Jeri Williams had to point her pistol at and order out of her office shortly after she was formally appointed Phoenix, Arizona police Chief in July, year 2016
@MNSheriffs ABC TV affiliate staff in Duluth, Minnesota involved in 2014 and since criminal efforts of ABC TV 15 staff and Phoenix, AZ police underlings loyal to ex-chief Joe Yahner to turn March 12, 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins into a racial and religious joke!
@VallartaDaily ABC TV 15 television broadcasting station staff in Phoenix, Arizona trying turn March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins into both a Jewish religious joke and a racially biased crime in years 2014 and since.  Duluth, Minn. ABC affiliate involved
@MNSheriffs Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Paul Prezone, Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff, holds names of four former Sheriff's Deputies who were close friends of the 1971 murderers group that included American-born Thomas Schodt.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Muchos fugitivos Uds. protectaban en Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico en anos pasads son desde municipio de Maricopa en estado Arizona en Los E.U.A. encluyen gentr con historia de servicio con Departamento de Jefes alli.
@MSNBC Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---At least four Maricopa County, AZ Sheriff's deputies visited murderer Thomas Schodt, others, at home at N/E corner 61st Place and Calle del Norte in Phoenix four days before murder of my son Patrick.
@MSNBC Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins--Ex-Phoenix, AZ police officer living here Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX put out voice broadcast in name of Maricopa County, AZ Sheriff Paul Prezone to protect Ex-Deputies who w/friends of the 1971 murderers.
@Alcoholics_INTL One of first persons I met in AA in Phoenix, AZ an ex-Phoenix, AZ hierarchal police officer named William Mattingly who committed suicide or was murdered within a few days. Turns out he involved in cover-ups of murders of my father (1964) and a son of mine (1971)
@mcsoaz F.Y.I.---Undercover agents of Maricopa County, AZ Sheriff's Dept. following me, Gordon Robbins, around Mexico in mid-1990's thru 2000 total idiots unaware then that they themselves were being used as marketing shills by Mexican  "black market" traffickers in stolen goods.
@Phoenix_NC Re: Retired Phoenix, Arizona ex-police officers here in Mexico---American Embassy staff of Mexico City communicates with these retirees because they are in major Mexican citys hundreds of miles  distant from Mexico City, thusly limiting retaliation opportunities.
@MSNBC MSNBC Execs, newspeople---Two groups you will never get honest answers from re: 1964 and 1971 murders of my father and a son of mine are your affiliates in Phoenix, Arizona and in Mexico City.
@MSNBC Totally untrustworthy, current and past Arizona based law enforcement including federal agents; Radio, Television and newspaper Journalists; even nationally known Arizona politicians of past years, criminal corruptive disease sometimes resisted in Tucson, not often enough.
@VallartaDaily FACT! ROUGHLY 95 PERCENT OF POPULATION OF AND FROM ZIHUATANEJO, GUERRERO, MEXICO ARE CRIMINALLY INTENTIONED LIARS AND MURDERERS HELPERS INCLUDING AMERICANS AND CANADIANS.  FUGITIVES FROM ANY COUNTRY INCLUDING MEXICO WELCOMED AND HIDDEN THERE BY POLICE AND CITIZENRY
@PoliciaFedMx A criminal goal of longtime Puerto Vallarta police associate William McGrail, an American was to have me, Gordon Robbins, labed a sexual pervert like himself, a goal now being pursued by Mexican law enforcement and ex-Phoenix police retired here in Puerto Vallarta.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, In English, the sexual perversions of American Alcoholics Anonymous member William "Bill" McGrail here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX since 1980's now a criminal tool of local and regional Mexican police and retired Arizona and California area ex-police here.
@VallartaDaily William "Bill" McGrail, longtime sexually perverted Alcoholics Anonymous member here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX since 1980's may now be being impersonated by a "double", another Anglo w/police history who is just as sexually perverted as McGrail.  Seriously.
@VallartaDaily William McGrail, since late 1990's an associate of Jalisco State Police here in Puerto Vallarta and from El Tuito, Jalisco nothing but a sexually perverted Alcoholics Anonymous member w/history of long ago service w/Los Angeles, Calif. and Phoenix, AZ Police Depts
@VallartaDaily Phoenix, Arizona ex-police retired here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico are right now basking in their criminal murder cover-up complicity success with local and regional Puerto Vallarta, Jal., area police and Tourism Dept's. many employees.
@MSNBC An employee at Arizona Real Estate Commission headquarters in Phoenix, AZ in April, 2008 criminally involved with her Alcoholics Anonymous Phoenix, Arizona Police husband in disappearance, misrepresentations re: my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (b. 1972, Arizona).
@MSNBC Believe this---Criminally intent people including his own mother and Scottsdale, Phoenix, Arizona Police hold some responsibility in years 2005-07  disappearance of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins, Arizona Republic newspaper facilitated w/sideplots of misidentity.
@VallartaDaily Active duty Phoenix, Arizona Police and their retired ex-officers here Puerto Vallarta in year 2006 knew full well the elderly ex-Phoenix officers down here from Phoenix with them had some involvement in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@VallartaDaily An Anglo criminal complicitor here always wearing white T-shirts, rimless glasses, about 70 years old w/short grey hair who helps persons criminally intent toward me, Gordon Robbins, lives near Hotel Posada Iris in east sector, Col. Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta
@PoliciaFedMx Anglo male, early 40's, Mexico City Police allow walk around Mexico City with American Passport stolen there in 2014 from my son Gordon Christopher Robbins may be grandson or nephew of a Robert Lund from Fennimore, Wisconsin.  Other relatives of same here in Mexico
@VallartaDaily Buffet style Chinese restaurant specialising in food to go inland from Presidencia here in Puerto Vallarta is one headquarters of criminally intent toward me, Gordon Robbins, men from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero now here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Uno de gerente de stacion television ABC TV 15 en Phoenix, AZ en los E.U.A., Max Weber, no mas alli  pero otras malo alli despues, uno familia  Gobernador de Arizona  empleado nombre Joe Ducey, ellos en complot racismo contra jefe de Policia Jeri Williams.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, en Phoenix, Arizona en Los E.U.A. existe un station television ABC TV 15 con gerente, otras estan en complicid nada pasa con mis hijo Patrick Robbins y en pretenciones Joseph Yahner jefe de Policia de Phoenix, Arizona muchos tiempo depues Julio del ano 2016
@VallartaDaily Strong possibility Mexican and English language Alcoholics Anonymous groups here Puerto Vallarta, other regions of Mexico, for five years supporting murder cover-up activities of two Anglo AA members from Scottsdale, Arizona, both receiving mental disability income
@VallartaDaily Almost no limit to number criminally intent Alcoholics Anonymous members of Mexico, U.S.of America, and Canada associated w/Phoenix, AZ Police cover-ups, May 15,1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins, March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@BBVABancomer BanComer male executives and Canadians posing as BanComer executives here in Puerto Vallarta urged to accept sexual favors from visiting female venereal disease carrier named Sharice from Scottsdale, Arizona Alano Club, an Alcoholics Anonymous operation.
@MSNBC MSNBC news people, if you want a laugh, try getting honest answers out of FBI and U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ re: Phoenix murders of my father in 1964 and a son of mine in 1971.  Then ask of whereabouts my son Matthew Peter Robbins (b. 1972, AZ).
@MNSheriffs City of Phoenix, AZ officials, 1971 and ever since, led by Phoenix, AZ Police hierarchy into joining their longtime ongoing cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins. Said officials unaware of 1964 Phoenix murder of my father.
@VallartaDaily Re: Maricopa County, AZ Sheriff's Dept. deputies, American Drug Enforcement Administration agent year 2002 and since efforts  frame me, Gordon Robbins, as Mexican narcotrafficker contact, Phoenix, AZ Police including longtime Chief Jack Harris suckers M.C.S.O. lies
@MNSheriffs Rumors that may be accurate, a cross-border train at twin cities of Nogales, Sonora and Nogales, Arizona used in previous century to transport drugs into Arizona for widespread distribution in U.S. of America was known of, and ignored by Phoenix, AZ Police.  Rumor???
@MNSheriffs Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff's deputies, some with undercover black market operational history here in Mexico, unbeknownst to me, Gordon Robbins, in year 2002 in Phoenix, AZ set me up to take "a fall" based on their prior years criminal activities here in MX
@VallartaDaily Active duty Phoenix, Arizona Police in year 2006 given criminally intent law enforcement control here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX to prove their lieing pretensions of longtime (since 1964) friendship w/me, Gordon Robbins, Jack Harris 2006 Phoenix, AZ Police Chief.
@VallartaDaily A homosexual crowd worshipping owner-operators of Hotel Lilly runs beachfront businesses from Ave. Basilo Badillo north to  Burro Bar, includes federal Nambre art outlet, N/W corner Basilio Badillo y Blvd. Olas Altas here in  Col. Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta
@VallartaDaily An incredible amount of factual evidence exists here tieing year 2006 Phoenix, AZ police activities here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX to the year 1971 Phoenix, Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, one or more murderers involved in 1971 now living here
@MNSheriffs Murderers helpers w/retired Phoenix, AZ police and their mostly criminal male friends living near where I am staying, Hotel Posada Iris, Calle Lazaro Cardenas 520, Col. Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta want you to think me incapable of tweeting you my factual tweets
@VallartaDaily Local Mexican police members and associates of "Double AA" here in  Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX have a easily proven years 1997 to 2001 and year 2006 local criminal history of AA and international Phoenix, Arizona police related crimes here against me, Gordon Robbins
@VallartaDaily Criminal reign of retired Phoenix, Arizona ex-police officers here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX would have ended years ago if some local, regional Mexican police members of "Double AA" had not given them undeserved credibility and criminally intent assistance.
@VallartaDaily Arizona Alcoholics Anonymous police names I do know from AA in Phoenix, AZ, "Bill" Mattingly, ex-Phoenix officer possibly murdered by own close police associates at Crossroads AA in Phoenix in 1983, David Smith (maybe legit name). couple of nicknames of men is all.
@VallartaDaily Retired Phoenix, AZ ex-police officer Alcoholics Anonymous based lies a mainstay of same here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX involved in covering up their involvement in 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins,1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick.
@MSNBC Alcoholics Anonymous members, three countries, active here in Mexico, think murdering a small child, my son Patrick Robbins, a lesser crime then my, Gordon Robbins, criticism of their own easily proven Canadian, American,  Mexican criminal activities that aid the murderers
@MNSheriffs Scottsdale, Arizona Police Department officers began easily proven criminal activities against me, Gordon Robbins, in 1970's, proven by their handling of their 1978 knowledge re: Elena Cortez de Brun estate and property-financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal.,MX
@MNSheriffs Fact! Scottsdale, Arizona in U.S. of America has had numerous, sometimes combined, criminal forces from Scottsdale's Alcoholics Anonymous and Alanon, and from Scottsdale Police criminally active against me, Gordon Robbins, since 2004 in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico
@PoliciaFedMx Membres de "Doble AA" en Zihuatanejo, Gro. MX muy amable a dos visitantes anglo alli desde "Double AA" de Scottsdale, Arizona en los E.U.A. en anos 2014-15, uno de ellos un bandito alli y dos son mentarosos de historia de mis hijo mas joven Matthew Peter Robbins.
@PoliciaFedMx Un grupo de "Double AA" en Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan, Mexico conozen mentiras de pensionados de Policia de Phoenix, Arizona de mio, Gordon Robbins, no son la verdad, pero ellos usaban en un complot romantica contra mio, Gordon Robbins, alli en ano 2011.
@PoliciaFedMx Delencuentes aqui Mexico con historias servicio con Policia de Phoenix, Arizona en los E.U.A. usaban gente de "Double AA" aqui en Mexico en sus complicidad de mentiras contra mio, Gordon Robbins, gente de "Double AA" aqui mas malo que gente de Policia de Phoenix, AZ
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, muy posible Policia local y regional aqui Puerto Vallarta crean mentiras contra mio, Gordon Robbins, por los pensionados de Policia aqui desde Departamento de Policia de Phoenix, Arizona en Los E.U.A. ellos no son amigos de mio en anos previosa!
@VallartaDaily Phoenix, AZ Police Chief Jeri Williams has, on two occasions, had to pull her pistol on criminally intent older ex-Phoenix, AZ officers in her headquarters office in Phoenix, AZ in U.S. of America, same older criminally intent officers now here Puerto Vallarta.
@VallartaDaily Proof already exists at Phoenix, Arizona Police Dept. in U.S. of America re: international criminal murder cover-up  cooperation of retired Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta, MX with members Phoenix Law Enforcement Association headquartered in Phoenix, AZ
@VallartaDaily "Run for the bus", an English language male voice scream from a former Phoenix, Arizona Police officer caused several near bus-pedestrian accidents at corner of Calles Naranja and Lazaro Cardenas, his hangout the nearby Manny's Bar and Grill here in Puerto Vallarta
@TempeArizona Tempe, Arizona Police for many years have recommended former Fire Department assistant Chief Martine Herrera, fired for good cause by Tempe City Council in 1974, as a "reliable contact" in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX
@TempeArizona Zihuatanejo, Gro., MX Police kept finding bodies of men on Ave. Benito Juarez sidewalk in front of stairway to Anglo schoolteacher's apartment, part of property owned by ex-Phoenix, Arizona Police officer at S/W corner Ave. Benito Juarez and Calle Nicholas Bravo.
@TempeArizona Martine Herrera, who "abandoned" post as assistant Fire Department Chief in Tempe, Arizona in 1974 was for several years in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX involved w/a once young Anglo school teacher  suspected of murdering several people in Zihuatanejo and  Mexico City
@TempeArizona Tempe, Arizona Police refuse to provide info on, or trace former fire department personnel and other local residents who deserted Tempe for distant Mexico locale of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in early 1960's. Since 1974, Martine Herrera their man in Zihuatanejo
@TempeArizona Walker bros. of Tempe and Phoenix, Arizona in U.S. of America caught with trainload of unsold Reggie chocolate candy bars named for forgotten New York Yankees baseball star "Reggie" Jackson of Oakland, California, he an Arizona State University "graduate".
@VallartaDaily OXXCO store at northwest corner of Libertad and Calle Matamoros here in Col. Centro of Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX frequented by younger males from wealthy local Mexican and Anerican families interested in romance with bald headed Canadian women.
@BBVABancomer BanComer executives here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX told to buy all their TelCel cellular phone air time at OXXCO stores here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX.  Order also applies to Canadians here in Puerto Vallarta pretending to be executives of BanComer
@VallartaDaily Rumors U.S. of America  Representative to Congress in Washington, D.C. from state of New York, Alexandria Orozco-Cortez is the short older woman w/ownership in Manny's Bar and Grill on Calle Lazaro Cardenas west of Calle Naranja here in Col. E. Zapata may be true.
@MNSheriffs Former vice president of United States of America Dan Quayle, step-grandson of  deceased Arizona Republic newspaper publisher Eugene Pulliam, still eats breakfast at Quilted Bear restaurant entered thru  gasoline station, Scottsdale Road and Lincoln Dr, Scottsdale, AZ
@VallartaDaily A Canadian-Mexican elderly, thin, dark haired, swarthy faced male works kitchen, Restaurant El Bruno en Ave. V. Carranza aqui Col. E. Zapata de Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX, an associate of BanComer executives in criminal fraud attempt re: Elena Cortez de Brun trust
@PoliciaFedMx Señores, Gente delencuentes de Cd. Mexico con historia en Canada tienen criminal ayudar de executivos de BanComer aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX en fraudulencia delitos contra mi, Gordon Robbins y mis sole beneficio interesante en Elena Cortez de Brun confianza aqui
@BBVABancomer Re: My, Gordon Robbins, sole beneficio interest in Elena Cortez de Brun property-financial trust---Canadian-Mexican criminal interests from Mexico City still trying attempted fraud with criminal cooperation some BanComer executives here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX.
@BBVABancomer BanComer executives here, Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX caught involving  themselves in 12-year criminal conspiracy with Canadian-Mexican criminal interests from Mexico City to identify me, Gordon Robbins, romantically w/a waitress I slightly knew in Mexico City in 2007
@LongshawLeanne9 Another idiot signs up as a follower, this one doing online research at Arizona Historical Society via long distance phone call.
Military service history of former U.S. Sen. Barry Goldwater  and son Barry Goldwater Jr. and records of marital life, family history of Eugene Pulliam of Arizona Republic newspaper all now available via call-in Internet service at Arizona Historical Society in Phoenix.
@GuadalajaraGob Mucho gente del Gobierno de Guadalajara tienen interesante en nuevo forma grupos de "Double AA" con colores Rosa y Blanca, fundaderos en y desde San Blas, Nayarit, Mexico.
@USATODAY Phoenix, Arizona area journalists urged to get blood tests if they had any in-person exposure to homosexual Press Spokesman at U.S. Federal Attorney's office anytime in past two years.  Maricopa County Health Services will assist with blood tests.
@USAO_AZ Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins----Arizona Attorney General Marc Brnovich urges staff avoid contact with homosexual Press Spokesman at U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix--AID's diagnosis pending.
@MNSheriffs Re: Lies from Phoenix, AZ police re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins----A pack of proven lies from Phoenix Police that I myself, Gordon Robbins, unavailable for questioning after my father's murder in 1964 still being repeated here in MX
@USAO_AZ Homosexual Press Spokesman runs the U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ, him provably involved in Phoenix, AZ Police cover-up of May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C.Gordon Robbins,  he also involved in trying label myself, Gordon Robbin," homosexual"
@MSNBC How does it feel to know the symbolic NBC peacock decorates a building full of both incredibly naive murderers helpers and others knowingly involved in covering up two long ago local Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine---The Arizona Republic newspaper building!
@MNSheriffs This part of problem---Arizona law enforcement too cowardly and themselves historically too criminally involved to take any real action re: 1964 Phoenix murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins or March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@MSNBC  Those FBI agents of Phoenix, Arizona office, 1970's, 80's involved in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins on behalf of former major league baseball player knew full well he had been involved w/woman who set up murder of my son Patrick
@MSNBC Arizona Republic newspaper staff, Phoenix, Arizona amongst those cheering for long dead AZ DPS director John Ahern, his stepdaughter Connie Koenan, an Arizona Republic journalist second. of two babysitters involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@MSNBC Now that you know John Ahern of Arizona DPS set up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, you should know the long deceased Ahern has large cheering section here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, Ahern's descendents and descendants of his stepchildren.
@MSNBC Long dead John Ahern, Arizona DPS (State Police) Director (1960's, early 70's) the one who put out Phoenix, Arizona law enforcement murder contract on my son Patrick Robbins, based on Ahern and family members false belief Patrick's mother  related to Canadian Schodt family
@MNSheriffs Don't scoff!  Former President Obama may know less/more about the March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins than you could imagine, his head full of lies from former Homeland Security Director Janet Napolitano from Arizona, a 1971 babysitter
@MNSheriffs Saddest thing about Mexico is how many Mexican Federal Officers aligned themselves w/American diplomats and former Phoenix, Arizona police officers involved in covering up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins, some of this simple cowardliness
@VallartaDaily Local American homosexual Tom Ash with "Vallarta Today" online newspaper credentials, like his close homosexual American AA friend William "Bill" McGrail, involved w/retired Phoenix, AZ police cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@PVallartaNews1 American homosexual male Tom Ash a member of female secretarial staff at Vallarta Opinia newspaper and Vallarta Today online newspaper,  and a close associate of longtime local Alcoholics Anonymous sexual pervert William "Bill" McGrail, a local police friend.
@ABC American Broadcasting Corporation's criminal involvement in covering up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins for them just "another walk down the criminal hallway" of Phoenix, AZ's Police Dept., criminally involved since 1971
@ABC Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins--- CBS not only international television network involved in criminal broadcasts re: murder of family members of mine.  ABC TV involved in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@MayorOfLA Eric, Are you aware of historical ties to March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins and Los Angeles Police Dept. late 1960's transfer of five or six "qualified" police emergency radio room officers to Phoenix, AZ P.D.?  They still brag of the murder.
@macleans Canadian government several years ago acknowledged criminal activities of it's official Foreign Service and Military representatives here in Mexico of past 15 to 24 years, yet still endores said criminal activities by supporting said criminals financially here in Mexico
@MNSheriffs  ABC TV 15 Phoenix, Arizona criminal faction covering up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins want you believing Patrick's Anglo Episcopal mother Jewish- murderer Thomas Schodt wants you believe Patrick's mother a Schodt Canadian family relative
@MNSheriffs Guess what, Minnesota Sheriffs---ABC TV 15 management and staff in Phoenix, just like former Attorney General Eric Holder and former president Barack Obama and their NAACP  associates, would have you believe American born Anglo me Gordon Robbins, a "black man".
@MNSheriffs Believe it! ABC TV 15 of Phoenix, Arizona has had management, staff involved in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins for over a decade, racial hate crimes included.  Joe Ducey, related Arizona governor Doug Ducey an ABC TV 15 employe
@MNSheriffs Phoenix, Arizona Police Chief Jeri Williams has actually had to pull her pistol on, and request help, on two occasions since 2016;to get criminally intent members of Phoenix Law Enforcement Association out of her Phoenix, Arizona Police Chief headquarters office.
@MNSheriffs Criminal intent officers of Phoenix Law Enforcement Association are people like "Jack" Holcumb criminally involved in covering up whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (b-1972, AZ) as well as  March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins (b-1968, AZ)
@MNSheriffs Marc Brnovich, Arizona Attorney General and several other AZ officials will forever rue the day they accepted political support of internationally active  criminal organization known as Phoenix Law Enforcement Association, w/criminally intent members even here in MX
@MNSheriffs My, Gordon Robbins, visiting history in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX dates to 1998, yet criminally intent Mexican law enforcement agents had no hesitation in identifying me w/Anglo Americans from southwestern Wisconsin who showed up in Zihuatanejo in 2012 and later years
@MNSheriffs Some messages sent Mexican law enforcement offices here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX region are routinely copied to retired Phoenix, Arizona police, other retired Arizona law enforcement people here, even to those who's international criminal activities are known!
@MNSheriffs American FBI's major goal now is cover-up of criminal activities of those agents of Phoenix, Arizona office still alive who were involved in covering up 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins and host of other crimes against me, Gordon Robbins, since.
@MNSheriffs American Federal Bureau of Investigation agents officed Phoenix, Arizona  1980's and since have criminally compromise themselves in other crimes against me, Gordon Robbins, including securities fraud in years long after March 12, 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick
@MNSheriffs Simple fact, American Federal Bureau of Investigation agents officed Phoenix, Arizona began their independent and overt actioned cover-up of March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins in 1970's, them protecting FBI friend w/history as major league baseball player
@MNSheriffs Tempe, Arizona city officials,  Arizona State University graduate teachers, and former Phoenix, Arizona police in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX since early 1960's a major and ongoing source of criminal activity out of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX
@MNSheriffs Re: murders, Phoenix, AZ, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---Facebook faced with problem of hackers on gmail using "handles" gordonrobbind and gordonrobbinz, one or both former Phoenix, Arizona police officers living here in Puerto Vallarta, JAL., Mexico
@MNSheriffs Canadian Foreign Service officers and military here in Mexico have their own criminally intentioned since 1995 lies to Mexican Federal authorities about me, Gordon Robbins, to answer for, Mexican Federal law enforcement too cowardly to take stand against the Canadians
@MNSheriffs Three major American entities in Mexico supplying false information about me, Gordon Robbins, to Mexican Federal aauthorities since 1995 have been American Embassy staff, Mexico City; American Consulate staff, Guadalajara, Jalisco; and retired Phoenix, Arizona police.
@MNSheriffs Mexican Federal Police have  history of criminally intentioned lies and non-violent activities against me, Gordon Robbins, in practically all of some one hundred different major municipios I've visited here in Mexico since the mid 1990's
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, en ano 2015 Policia  Zihuatanejo y todos policia estado de Guerrero, MX encluyen Federal daban sus loyaldad a un gringo alli con pasaporte los E.U.A de mis hijo Gordon Christopher Robbins, pasaporte el y otra gente robaron desde mis hijo en 2014 Cd. Mexico
@ChrisCoons Chris, In Phoenix, Arizona Police don't murder small children, they just help the babysitters responsible for the deaths, well known ongoing standard operating procedure of Phoenix, Arizona Police since 1950's.
@USATODAY Canadian government has several hundred Foreign Service and Military who for over 20 years or more have been involved in covering up Canadian and USAToday (Arizona Republic newspaper) involvement in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins. Fact!
@VallartaDaily Federal Police of Mexico assigned to state of Guerrero, Mexico are agents of government of Canada.  Their loyalty to Canada obvious even at their Col. Guerrero headquarters in Mexico City in year 2006 and since.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Cuantos members de sus fuerzas desde Canada?  Delencuente oficiales de Uds. ayudaban gente se mataron mis hijo Patrick Robbins en el ano 1971 en Phoenix, Arizona en Los E.U.A.  La verdad!  Canada tiene su loyaldad en todos.
@macleans Several hundred Canadian Foreign Service and Military officers are assigned to Mexico with specific orders to cover-up Canadian involvement in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Phoenix, Arizona in the United States of America
@GuadalajaraGob Gente Anglo diplomatico Americano de Guadalajara conozen mas o' menos imnediamente en el ano 1971 cuando otra gente Anglo mataban mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona en Los E.U.A.
@GuadalajaraGob Taxistas moderno desde Guadalajara ano 1996 son mentarosos, delencuentes en complot contra mio Gordon Robbins, Ellos ayudaban gente Anglo alli en Guadalajara se mataban mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona en el ano 1971.
@MNSheriffs Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ  murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Because of Phoenix, AZ police retirees here in Mexico and at home, Phoenix, AZ Police Chief Jeri Williams has had to conduct business with loaded pistol at hand in her own Phoenix, AZ Police headquarters office.
@macleans Maclean's magazine likely part of Canadian government worldwide criminal plot since mid-1950's to label me, American born Gordon Robbins "a Canadian", their editors, publishers ignoring Canadian involvement in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@macleans Canadians here Puerto Vallarta,, Jal, Mexico  seeking control here include Canadian Alcoholics Anonymous allies of American born Thomas Schodt, American stepson of a Canadian and one of those involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@macleans A 1960's Canadian athlete now living in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico and the American born stepson of a Canadian were two of the several persons involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona forced drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins in U.S. of America
@GuadalajaraGob Former Phoenix, Arizona police retirees living in Guadalajara have spent past, current decades lieing by denying their involvement in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins, possibly some of them involved in the murder itself.
@VallartaDaily Arizona, American Federal law enforcement retired groups here in Mexico include ex-Phoenix, AZ police who have so aggressively promoted cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins there can be little doubt they were involved.
@MSNBC Arizona and American Federal law enforcement retired community throughout Mexico promoting so-called interests of my ex-wife Bette, mother of my sons including Patrick Robbins murdered in Phoenix, Arizona in a forced drowning March 12, 1971.  Their criminal intent obvious!
@Alcoholics_INTL A longtime Alcoholics Anonymous ass who hid the fact he spent half his 30+"sober" years in prison once told me "Always expect your soup cold" was hung to  death by one of his AA sponsees in Phoenix, Arizona.
@VallartaDaily Burro Bar, Los Muertos beach, male bartenders, waiters take their beer service insructions from a glasses-wearing anglo male "wise guy gangster" with a questionable "inside" knowledge of  local Alcoholics Anonymous history here in Puerto Vallarta
@Vallartatoday Homesexual Anglo American liar Tom Ash caught claiming he fathered children with daughters of local owners of Vallarta Opinia newspapers here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, ordered to monthly tithe local hospital in lieu of unnecessary child support.
@Alcoholics_INTL Sirs, Your correspondent from Alcoholics Anonymous here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, William "Bill" McGrail, was replaced, "doubled" by an undercover Los Angeles, Calif. Police officer now being labeled a closet sexual pervert  same as original "Bill" McGrail
@AZHistSociety Confidential medical files on late Arizona Republic, Phoenix Gazette owner-publisher Eugene Pulliam show him to have been a longtime "stay at home" allergic to sunlight, him w/Phoenix, AZ home adjacent to, but not in wealthy community of Town of Paradise Valley, AZ
@AZHistSociety Arizona Historical Society holding confidential files on manly love life, marriages of long deceased Arizona Republic, Phoenix Gazette newspapers owner-publisher Eugene Pulliam, turn questioner's names re: this over to Arizona DPS Criminal Investigation Unit agents
@AZStateBar Phoenix Newspapers Inc. files fail to show maiden name of wife of deceased (late 1970's) owner-publisher Eugene Pulliam, Arizona Historical Society baffled by question if "Nina" had children by prior  marriage(s?).
@Vallartatoday Elderly Canadian men here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco told wearing shorts would attract women, can't understand why other Canadian men keep introducing themselves!
@macleans "Where have all the young men gone?" favorite lament of homebound  Canadian women.  Search of in-country military bases for men like visiting ghost towns, only find is forwarding addresses for both Mexico and Panama.
@macleans Canadian military, other Canadians here in Mexico seen defecting Canada in record numbers, joining forces with Testigos de Jehova religious groups at major recruiting sites of La Soledad, Michoacan and Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@Canada Canadian military and Canadian citizens in Mexico defecting Canadian citizenship in record numbers, seen trying to join Testigos de Jehova religious groups at La Soledad, Michoacan and in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico
@Alcoholics_INTL Canadian military, other Canadian members of Alcoholics Anonymous in Mexico deserting, joining Testigos de Jehova religious groups here, La Soledad, Michoacan and Zihuatanejo, Guerrero major defection sites.
@washingtonpost Justice Department has not commented on unconfirmed reports Inspector General's staff investigating "Operation Sonja" in which Phoenix, AZ based FBI agents discouraged private citizens from reporting murder, other crimes to FBI.
@StateDeputySPOX @StateDept @usembassyharare @AsstSecStateAF Maricopa County, Arizona Government Protection Association security people trained in Zimbabwe!
@cronkitenews Drinking water several times a day will help lessen Arizona's excess water supply storage problems.
@USEmbassyWarsaw @StateDept @SecPompeo @MSZ_RP Anyone there named Robbins, if so, jail the diplomatic cousin of mine!
@washingtonpost K-Mart reemerging to position itself as major retailer in Mexico City.  Financing by Union Bank.
@Vallartatoday Re: Elena Cortez  de Brun financial and property trust here, Vallarta Today newspaper online apparent property of fraud intentioned family toward me, Gordon Robbins and the Elena Cortez de Brun trust since 1990's, family longtime owners of Vallarta Opinia newspaper
@PoliciaFedMx Gilberto Morelos name used here by aging Anglo male who set up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins, has two accomplices here,lives w/large family of women, north side 500 block east Calle Lazaro Cardenas, Col. Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta
@VallartaDaily Gilberto Morelos name used by aging Anglo male paid to set up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, lives w/large mostly female family north side of 500 block of east Calle Lazaro Cardenas, here in Col. Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta,
@MSNBC Ànglo male paid to set up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins uses name Gilberto Morelos, him with many mostly female family members lives north side of 500 block of east Calle Lazaro Cardenas here in Col. Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX
@MSNBC Anglo local resident here big family Col. Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, in Jan., 1971 for $200 dollars setup March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins w/lie re:  Patrick's mother, my now ex-wife Bette, him in 1971 claiming her a Schodt family relative
@Alcoholics_INTL This means you---A true God is needed to save the world from  "honest" Alcoholics Anonymous members  including internationally traveling Phoenix, AZ Police members involved in covering up Phoenix, AZ murders of my father in 1964 and one of my sons in 1971
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Aparente socios de Uds. de Policia federal aqui gustan amor sexual aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jal. MX con gente de periidico Vallarta Opinia se usaba nombre Thomas Ash por telefono en ultimo del ano 2017.
@MNSheriffs Acting on false 1971 belief my son Patrick's mother a relative of Thomas Schodt,, Arizona DPS Director John Ahern, 1960"s, early 70:s, .and family put out an Arizona law enforcement murder contract on my son Patrick Robbins, fulfilled by Ahern's people March 12, 1971.
@MSNBC MSNBC, Is part of your news coverage activity the responsibility of facilitating massive law enforcement cover-ups of 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins?  Washington Post already involved for years!
@MSNBC Even former Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio got sucked into 2006 international involvement in furthering the "pursuits" of Pamela Van Buskirk and Fenimore, Craig, and Cooper law firm into San Blas, Nayarit, Mexico where Puerto Vallarta AA members lent a hand.
@MSNBC Re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins, must have broken Pamela Van Buskirk and Gerald Eaton's hearts I did not immediately declare love for Ms. Van Buskirk, their prior 1964, and years after ties to Eugene Pulliam, Phoenix Newspapers  Inc. fact
@MSNBC Fenimore, Craig, and Cooper law firm of Phoenix, AZ has been criminally active in furthering pursuits of Ms. Pamela Van Buskirk Eaton on a international basis as have other criminally intentioned entities such as Maricopa County Sheriff's Dept. and county health department
@MSNBC Fenimore, Craig, and Cooper law firm of Phoenix, AZ chosen in late 1970's by Maricopa County, Arizona Attorney's office to represent interests of Pamela Van Buskirk (albeit Gerald Eaton) after death of Arizona Republic newspaper owner-publisher Eugene Pulliam, their mentor
@MSNBC Law firm Fenimore, Craig, and Cooper criminally operative lawyers internationally representing criminal interests of Pamela Van Buskirk and Gerald Eaton since mid-1970's death of their criminal mentor Eugene Pulliam, Van Buskirk and Eaton w/1964 ties to murder of my father
@MSNBC What has been withheld by criminal intent Arizona State University officials and Arizona Republic newspaper people  since 1965 is simple fact in late 1964 I was physically examined by American Army Draft Board officials and declared physically unfit for military service.
@MSNBC A criminal history connects CBS News w/Arizona State University and Sept., 1965 international false CBS news broadcast by Walter Cronkite about ASU journalism students, meaning myself, Gordon Robbins, others, fleeing to France to avoid American Military service in Vietnam.
@MSNBC Les Monveis(Sp?), former head of CBS, criminally involved here Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX.  Same day some six months ago news broke internationally re: his problems at CBS his local Anglo henchmen just outside Hotel Posada Iris here in Col. Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta
@MSNBC Acting on 1970-1971 false belief my wife Bette, Patrick's mother, relative Thomas Schodt family, then Arizona DPS  (State Police, etc) Director John Ahern  put out Arizona law enforcement murder contract on my son Patrick Robbins, fulfilled by Ahern's people March 12, 1971
@StateDept @SecPompeo America's murder fugitives enjoy welcome mat in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico!
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, the question is not if Elite Bus Company of Mexico employs murder fugitives from U.S. of America but actually how many foreign murder fugitives have been employed by Elite Bus Company of Mexico??
@MSNBC A prime example of Phoenix, AZ police corruption of early 1970's, a high ranking Phoenix officer collected $200,000 on staged drowning of his own son, eventually wound up in Mexico City on American citizen advisory committee to a recent American Ambassador, Antonio Garza
@MSNBC One of criteria used by Mexico's police in allowing American criminals subject to extradition by American authorities to avoid extradition is their regular attendance at Alcoholics Anonymous meetings here in Mexico
@StateDept Son gente Anglo diplomatico con Consulado Los Estados Unidos de America en Guadalajara en 1971 se ayudaban gente Thomas Schodt en ano 1971 cuando el parte del grupo se mataban mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Por Que Uds. parte de delencuencia international de pensionados de Policia de Phoenix, Arizona de Los E.U.A. aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco y sue aqui mucho distancia en Zihuatanejo, Gro., Mexico???  Por Que???
@MSNBC Ignore this at your peril--criminally corrupt ex-Phoenix, AZ police living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico are part of international law enforcement conspiracy to cover-up their own involvement in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@ProPublica Criminally corrupt Phoenix, AZ police ex-officers now living retired here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico may have planned one or more of the numerous "babysitter" related deaths of small children in Phoenix, Arizona since the 1960's.
@Phoenix_NC Criminal efforts to label me, Gordon Robbins, a homosexual here at Hotel Posada Iris of Col. Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico part of international law enforcement efforts to cover-up 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of one of my sons, Patrick Robbins.
@Phoenix_NC Criminal efforts to label me, Gordon Robbins, a homosexual part of criminal efforts of one or more employees right here at Hotel Posada Iris where I have been staying, Lazaro Cardenas 520, Col. Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@MSNBC Criminally compromising my ex-wife Bette, Patrick's mother, and her deceased father Peter T. Curran, Patrick's maternal grandfather, an easy chore for American FBI agents assigned to Phoenix, Arizona office there in 1980's and since, American FBI corruption rampant in this
@CNBC Criminally corrupt Phoenix, AZ Police of 1960's, 70's, 80's now retired here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX well known for protecting, coddling, dating, even marrying women "babysitters" involved in drownings, other deaths of small children in city of Phoenix, Arizona.
@CNBC Criminally corrupt only term describing former Phoenix, AZ police retirees, others here Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX, same criminal crowd that protected Schodt's incestuous mother from criminal charges in 1968 drowning death of a little girl in exact same Phoenix neighborhood
@MSNBC Proof already exists, presence of American born Thomas Schodt highly visible in pre-planning of, and in his presence at March 12,.1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, criminally corrupt ex-Arizona law officers his main protectors here in Puerto Vallarta.
@CNBC Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Criminal intent aptly describes personal motive of Mexican, American, Canadian law enforcement and government officials here Puerto Vallarta, Jal.,, Mexico, elsewhere protecting American born Thomas Schodt.
@CNBC Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---several hundred police and federal officials here in Mexico, in U.S. of America, and from Canada now knowingly trying to cover-up American born Thomas Schodt's proven involvement in said 1971 murder.
@MSNBC Several thousand police and federal officials of Mexico, U.S. of America, and Canada living their lives based on lies from American-born Thomas Schodt, some knowing he one of several persons involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@CNBCi Several past and present members of Congress have had formal closed-door or informal briefings on 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and/or 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins, yet apparently have gone along with law enforcement cover-ups.
@MNSheriffs Re: Murders, Phoenix, AZ, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---Several past and present members of Congress have had formal private closed door and/or informal briefings on the Arizona law enforcement's cover-up of one or both murders, yet taken no action
@CNBC Possible a few hierarchal Phoenix, AZ Police held murder contract on my father C. Gordon Robbins in May of 1964, one Phoenix.P.D. Captain pocketed his money, fled to Zihuatanejo, Gro.,MX where he thereafter received a monthly check from Arizona law enforcement pension fund.
@CNBCi Contract murder of my son Patrick Robbins March 12, 1971 in Phoenix was a Arizona law enforcement murder contract let by then Arizona DPS director John Ahern, he and some family members acting on false belief my son Patrick's mother was a member of the Thomas Schodt family
@CNBC Arizona media controlling NBC affiliates in Arizona chose longterm murder cover-up posture re:May 15, 1964 Phoenix Police involved shotgun death of my father C. Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, one or both contract murders
@CNBC Easily provable, officials, most police w/municipio Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX in 2012 and since criminally alligned  with deceit ridden anglo population of Zihuatanejo including families from southwestern Wisconsin in United States of America, Baumgartner one criminal name
@ChuckGrassley A talk and exchange of information with Chris Coon will enlighten you on old Phoenix, AZ murders and police, newspaper criminal involvement in said murders, my father 1964, son of mine 1971, some Congress members known of this for decades!
@zihua_ixtapa Re: Murders, Phoenix, AZ, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---descendants of long ago Tempe and Phoenix, Arizona residents, ex- Phoenix, AZ area police living in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero since 1964, others there later enthusiastically involved w/said murder cover-ups.
@MNSheriffs Re:May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---hierarchal few w/Phoenix, AZ Police held murder contract on my father, a contract let by Eugene Pulliam's lawyers known of by his common law son-in-law Gerald Eaton then w/Arizona Republic newspaper
@MNSheriffs Very possible, hierarchal few w/ Phoenix, Arizona Police held murder contracts on my father C. Gordon Robbins in May, 1964 and on my son Patrick Robbins in March of 1971, the latter a Arizona law enforcement murder contract put out by then AZ DPS director John Ahern.
@VallartaDaily  Very possible, hierarchal few w/Phoenix, Arizona Police of 1960's, 1970's secretly held murder contracts on both my father C. Gordon Robbins in May, 1964 and on my son Patrick Robbins in March of 1971, one or both murder contracts from Arizona Republic hierarchy
@ChrisCoons Arizona Republic newspaper employees, execs, editors, reporters just as criminal, possibly even more criminal re: murder cover-ups and 1964, 1971 deaths of my family members than have been Phoenix, Arizona Police overall down thru the years.
@ChrisCoons Arizona Republic, AZcentral .com has had persons criminally conspiring w/Phoenix, AZ police in cover-ups of May 15, 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins, this since 1964 and Gerald Eaton of Arizona Republic
@Phoenix_NC Criminal cellphone hackers on Google Chrome just exposed two criminally intent former Phoenix, Arizona police officers using names similar to mine, Gordon Robbins, on "pirate" Mexican version of Facebook originally set up in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero and Mexico City.
@Canada Canadian Alcoholics Anonymous groups in Canada and in Mexico City and Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico meeting privately consist of mostly Canadian government figures intent on taking control of government of Mexico--an open secret!
@Milenio Uds. de Milenio de Mexico, Por Que Uds. parts de complicidad a masque que pasa en Los E.U.A cuando gente mata mis papa en Phoenix, Arizona alli en ano 1964 y uno de mjs hijo alli en. Phoenix, Arizona en el ano 1971?  Por Que??
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, El Luis Villasenor encargada de Depatamento de Tourismo aqui, Puerto Vallarta, Jal., es uno de gran delencuentes de Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX con mentiras contra mio, Gordon Robbins, antes y despues dia 19 de Octubre del ano 2017.
@mileniotv Same former Phoenix, Arizona area law enforcement officers involved in murder cover-ups who in past held criminal control of municipio of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero now rapidly losing power here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico. Milenio, your criminal allies need help!
@mileniotv All teachers, student at all schools, public and private, in Zihuatanejo, Gro., MX since 2007 have iied to your people at Milenio, they and your people involved in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix,, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins in the U.S. of America.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Yo, Gordon Robbins,, aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jal., desde dia 19 de Octubre del ano 2017.  Por que Uds. crean mentiras differente por gente de Zihuatanejo, Gro.,, y compania de autobuses Elite, Por Que??
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Uno de gran delencuentes de familia Baumgartne en Zihuatanejo,, Gro. ano 2012 y antes fue Jules Baumgartner, Ellos en todos Baumgartner-Christopherson familias anglos aqui desde estado de Wisconsin en Los E.U.A y no parte de mjs, Gordon Robbins, familia.
@Phoenix_NC Beginning in year 2014 Nicole Carroll, now USAToday editor at Arizona Republic media, falsified information by  naming me, Gordon Robbins, as a correspondent to Arizona Republic newspaper in Mexico and identifying me as a member of Society of Professional Journalists.
@ProPublica Arizona Republic media, Phoenix, AZ execs,, staff lied consistently in recent years, trying identify me, Gordon Robbins, as being an employee of Arizona Republic newspaper after March of 1975.  Also I have never been a member of Society of Professional Journalists.
@ProPublica A phone call to U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ and asking for Ann Scheel will put you in touch with an old recording on Ann Scheel's old in-house answering machine, Scheel actually not employed there in past several years.  Factual!
@ChrisCoons Warning, Maricopa County, Arizona Security Force known as Government Protective Association responsible for security at all Maricopa County owned facilities include group of men criminally active here in Mexico in and prior to year 2015
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Por que agentes de AFI Federal Mexico en Cd. Mexico ano 2006 en complicidad con executivos empleadas de Televisa y daban ordenes a Policia Estado de Tamaulipas en oficina en Tampico cosa mas imporante mi, Gordon Robbins, en cama con una mujer alli, Por que?
@ProPublica California Bureau of Investigation also incredibly guilty of international support of fugitives, including ex-CBI agent criminals, who knowingly provide CBI with falsified data out of Zihuatanejo, Gro., MX and other fugitive gathering sites here in Mexico.
@ProPublica California Bureau of Investigation also incredibly guility in international racial crime,.earlier 2000's of trying to identify myself, Gordon Robbins, as father of a Negroid blooded child in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX.  Sound familial, Pro-Publica people??
@ProPublica American, Arizona law enforcement criminals here Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX still pretending to be close associates to me, Gordon Robbins, their's a criminal posture they have been allowed by Mexican authorities to get away with here in Mexico for over two decades.
@ProPublica California Bureau of Investigation incredibly guilty in long term international criminal conspiracy birthed by Zihuatanejo Gro., and Mexican Federal Police in 1998 to identify me, Gordon Robbins, w/a fugitive wanted for four murders in U.S. of America dating to 1976.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Es posibilidad Uds. parte de un gran complicidad del gobierno de Mexico a ayudar todos los fugitives aqui en Mexico desde otra paises??  O' victimas de mentiras de oficiales de ley en E.U.A. y el mismo con oficinas en Cd. Mexico??
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Apparente Uds. son estupidos, no comprenderon posibilidad uno de Anglo gente viejo aqui en Mexico, agui Puerto Vallarta, Jal., o' en Zihuatanejo, Gro., MX parte de complicidad en Phoenix, AZ cuando gente mata mis papa dia 15 de Mayo del ano 1964.
@VallartaDaily So-called non-Alcoholic Phoenix, AZ police retirees here Puerto Vallarta just as criminally active in decades old Phoenix, AZ murder cover-ups re: Phoenix deaths of family members of mine, 1964 and 1971, as are those claiming long term AA history in two countries
@911LAPD Your homosexual ex-officer informant in place here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX since 1980's, William "Bill" McGrail had second loyalty to Phoenix AZ police and homosexual police visitors from Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. here in 1999 in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX
@911LAPD Your police officer William "Bill" McGrail of 1970's and Lena Horne mansion robbery-burglary,a closet homosexual who used Alcoholics Anonymous group, Puerto Vallarta police, even American Consul Kelly Trainor as criminal tools here Puerto Vallarta,Jal., MX 1990's, 2000's
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Por que Policia Mexicano en Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, MX particitaban en complot contra mio, Gordon Robbins, en el ano 2006, parte de complot de Ellos un viejo fugitivo de no importancia de Arizona y su hijo, Consul del pais de Canada en Monterrey, Nuevo Leon?
@ProPublica Alcoholics Anonymous here Puerto Vallarta, Jal.,, MX one of tools used criminally by closet homosexual William "Bill" McGrail here since 1980's, McGrail w/history of prior service w/both Los Angeles, Calif  and Phoenix, AZ Police Dept's. and many local police friends.
@Phoenix_NC Police, Phoenix, Arizona have short history on former officer William "Bill" McGrail dating to 1980's, him a closet homosexual and since 1980's close friend of Mexican police at various levels here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX.  More interesting history w/L.A.P.D.
@PoliciaFedMx Gran amigo de Policia Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Policia de estado de Jalisco, Policia federal MX aqui desde ultimo anos de ochentas, William "Bill" McGrail, un SENORITO privada con historia servicio con Policia de Los Angeles, California y Policia de Phoenix, Arizona
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, cuando Uds. permitaban companeros de Uds. aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jal. a ayudar y particitaban en complots delencuencia de gente de Zihuatanejo, Gro. contra mio, Gordon Robbins, aqui, es posible' Uds. parts de complot delencuencia de Ellos de Zihuatanejo??
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jal. son gente local y desde Zihuatanejo, Gro. se practicaban ingles en pretensiones Ellos son los delencuentes por nombre desde Phoenix, Arizona, Ellos aqui en y circa Hotel Posada Iris, Mercado Zapata ayudaban Policia de Phoenix aqui
@ProPublica Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Chaparral High School students, 1980's totally unaware 1971 drowning of my son Patrick, as adults in various walks of life took it on themselves to further what was a Phoenix, AZ police murder cover-up.
@ProPublica Criminally intent Tom Spratt, Arizona Capitol Times, Megan Cassidy, Arizona Republic media, others decided to go ahead w/decades old murder cover-ups, them totally aware myself, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico and my son Gordon Christopher Robbins not same person.
@CIA Issue here Mexico is my, Gordon Robbins, sole beneficio heir interest in Elena Cortez de Brun trust, Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX, pensionados Policia Phoenix, Arizona, otras de Wisconsin quierren a masque que pasa en Phoenix, AZ cuando gente mata mis papa y uno de mis hijos.
@CIA Anyone with any lie about myself, Gordon Robbins, has for decades been given instant credibility here in Mexico, local government, national government Mexico figures, Canadian officials some bank entities, even bus company  management have for years been criminally involved.
@CIA Police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX recent year and more  confronted by massive lies from anglo people here from State of Wisconsin in U.S. of America and some of their local relatives, same liars succeeded in Zihuatanejo, Gro. because of criminal aid from police there.
@PoliciaFedMx Policia  Zihuatanejo, Gro, MX anos 2014 y 2016 daban credibilidad a gente mentarosos alli poco tiempo desde estado Wisconsin en los E.U.A., ellos con mentiras son membres de mis familia o' amigos a mio, Gordon Robbins, el mismo mentarosos ahorra aqui Puerto Vallarta
@ProPublica Arizona Republic newspaper execs, editors, staff wear two criminal hats, racial hate crime on Facebook, Feb., 2013 and decades old assistance, involvement in murder cover-ups by Phoenix, AZ police, M.C.S.O., Arizona DPS re: deaths of family members of mine.
@ProPublica Placing credibility w/Arizona Republic newspaper editors, reporters or any Arizona journalist of past 15-20 years one of worst mistakes Pro-Publica could make in today's world. Murder cover-ups re: deaths of my family members in long past decades involved.
@ProPublica Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---American Federal Bureau of Investigation agents, Phoenix, AZ offices and other offices, very, very happy w/1980's vague lies of my ex-wife Bette, Patrick's mother, re: our family finances, 1966 to 1977.
@CIA Chiefs of Police of Phoenix, Arizona in U.S. of America and other hierarchal officers of Phoenix police have  criminal history of false information re: me, Gordon Robbins, dating back to 1964 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my father, some active criminally now not even born then
@PoliciaFedMx Pensionados de Policia de Phoenix, Arizona y Dept. de Jefes de condo Maricopa, Arizona en los E.U.A. estan en gran complicidad internacional contra mio, Gordon Robbins, muchos  anos aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, en Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, y otra partes de Mexico.
@CIA Police of Phoenix, Arizona with longterm  criminal involvement in international matters regarding myself, Gordon Robbins, include men w/ second history of service as local "Mexican" police officers or advisors to same here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal, and in Zihuatanejo, Gro.,MX
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Policia pensionados de Phoenix, Arizona en E.U.A. aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX parte de complicidad del ano 2009 contra mio, Gordon Robbins, en Tampico, Tamaulipas, MX, ayudar desde empleadas pasada del periodico Arizona Republic de Phoenix, Arizona
@PoliciaFedMx Policia pensionados desde Phoenix, Arizona en los E.U.A. son los gran mentarosos originales contra mio, Gordon Robbins, aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, historia de sus mentiras desde ultimo de los anos noventas, otra mentarosos despues parte de complicidad
@CIA Only person high up in Mexican Federal government in Mexico City already possessing criminal intent toward me, Gordon Robbins, would without question give credence to liars, Mexican men unknown to him in past, whether liars from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero or here Puerto Vallarta
@CIA Federal Bureau of Investigation agents, U.S. of America, Phoenix, AZ region involved in longtern collusion with my ex-wife, mother of my son Patrick Robbins murdered March 12, 1971 in Phoenix, both FBI and my ex-wife still withholding data pertinent to proving said murder
@CIA Criminal intent of Mexican Federal Government figures quite evident in ready acceptance of LIES from police, others out of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico trying tie myself, Gordon Robbins, to a fugitive murderer w/family from greater Phoenix, Arizona area in Colima, Col. 2009
@CIA Re: American murder fugitives and their power w/Mexico's Federal Government, Elite Bus Company of Mexico is a private firm with high-up government ties and long term criminal participation in the various criminal conspiracies against me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico.
@CIA Fugitive murderers from the U. S. of America who wore the mantles of power of Mexico's Federal Government in their 2008 and since criminal plots against me, Gordon Robbins now walk free in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX, a municipio that welcomes fugitive criminals from anywhere.
@CIA Government of Mexici for eleven years or more turned their powers over to a Jewish male and his brother, one of whom murdered three people in 1976 at a motel overlooking San Francisco, California and another in Arizona, the brother also a murder fugitive from U.S. of America
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Por que oficiales del Gobierno de Mexico permitaban gran poder a un Americano hombre Judea se mataban cuatro o' mas personas en los E.U.A en ano 1976, el mismo en Aguascalientes 2008, en Tampico 2009, y muchos tiempo libre en Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@PoliciaFedMx Policia de region Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico ayudaban y protectaban gente oficiales de Canada y mujeres Americanos alli se usaban uno de los hijas de oficiales de Canada en complot contra mio, Gordon Robbins, en Tampico, Tamaulipas dia 4 de Mayo, el ano 2009.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, A.F.I. de Mexico tiene un testigo alli dia 6 de Mayo, ano 2009, dia de complot Policia de Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico contra mio Gordon Robbins, los Policia en complicidad con un fugitivo se mata cuatro o' mas personas en los E.U. A. antes muchos anos.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, no mi gusta cuando Policia, taxistas, membres de "Doble AA" mexicano y empleados Consulado de E.U.A. de Guadalajara, Jalisco son gran mentarosos de mis, Gordon Robbins, lugares desde Sept, ano 2001 a Sept. del ano 2007.  Mentarosos en gloria de Guadalajara
@POSAScottsdale Socios historico de Policia de Scottsdale, AZ en E.U.A. gran mentarosos de dos paises se dicen muchos moneda a mio Gordon Robbins, despues gente mata mis hijo Patrick Robbins dia 12 del Marzo ano 1971 en Phoenix, AZ en E.U.A. Nombres Bernholz aqui Puerto Vallarta.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, El blond Anglo Americano se hablar con politico famosa Janet Napolitano manana dia 12 de Marzo de ano 1971 fue Thomas Schodt, uno de grupo se mata mis hijo Patrick Robbins el mismo dia en Phoenix, Arizona en los E.U.A.  Agentes FBI de E.U.A. protectaban el.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Mentiras de politico famosa Janet Napolitano de mis, Gordon Robbins, lugares en manana dia 12 de Marzo, ano 1971 cuando gente mata mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona parte de recuerdos privada de Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) de los E.U.A.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Politico de Los E.U.A. Janet Napolitano fue parte del grupo se mata mis hijo Patrick Robbins dia 12 de Marzo del ano 1971 en Phoenix, Arizona en los E.U.A, en anos despues  una gran amiga de politico senorito de Mexico Francisco Ramires Acuna de Guadalajara
@911LAPD Sirs, Your help needed desperately! Former officer Wliiiam "Bill" McGrail, Lena Horne mansion massive burglary-robbery late 1970's, amongst the missing here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX.  Alcoholics Anonymous kidnap suspects older members Puerto Vallarta Alano Club.
@PoliciaFedMx Canadian citizen infiltration of Arizona's mostly local law enforcement agencies a recognised factor in this, privately encouraged by former Arizona governor Jan Brewer.  W/ Janet Napolitano came homosexuals, w/Jan Brewer Canadians.  No joke herein.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, former Mexican president Felipe Calderon involved in selling out Mexico to Canadian government, used Mexican Federal Police out of Mexican PGR office in Colonia Guerrero of Mexico City.  Again, coverups of Phoenix Arizona murders my family members involved.
@ProPublica Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Canadian government's official representatives all over Mexico ordered by Canadian government  to participate in covering-up said 1971 Phoenix murder because of possible Canadian involvement.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Abagados Federal E.U.A. de oficina en Phoenix, Arizona E.U.A. un gran parte de delencuencia con falsificaciones de identidad de gente alli se encluyen nombre Ann B. Scheel, un vacationista y socio de fugitivos en Zihuatanejo, Guerrero en Octubre ano 2012.
@zihua_ixtapa Son gente extranjeros en Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX desde ano 1964 con historia en Phoenix, Arizona, Ellos parte de grupo policia se mata mis papa en Phoenix, Arizona en E.U.A. en 1964, otras alli parte grupo mata hijo de mio en Phoenix, Arizona, E.U.A. el ano 1971.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Un gran ayumiento de fuerzas delencuencia oficial de Canada muchos anos es negocios de Edificio Marina oeste de Bahia de Zihuatanejo, delencuentes de Canada tienen otra lugares circa y sur de Supermercado Comercio Mexicano en Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX.
@clarionsafety Alcoholics Anonymous groups nationwide could benefit from a product designed to keep police officers from attending AA meetings, test marketing in Phoenix, AZ recommended.
@houstonpolice Sirs, Thanks for reporting to AZ DPS the ex-Arizona DPS officer who contacted you and brought up my name some two years ago.  I still don't myself know name but he spent 6 years w/Phoenix, AZ Police, may hold knowledge 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@columbiajourn Rumors are Canadian government finally seeking new local law firm to represent them in Panama, more fallout from Panama Papers scandal.
@ChrisCoons Retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX refuse to admit their efforts to cover-up 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins benefit the murderers like local American Thomas Schodt.
@Canada Canadian government's criminal forces in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico thought trying to mate me, Gordon Robbins, with a licensed prostitute an excellent way for them to make friends with me.  Didn't work!
@ChrisCoons Kind of humorous, covering up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins has become a full time job for "retired" and ex-Phoenix police living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@Phoenix_NC Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---two or more of a dozen ex-Phoenix, Arizona police officers involved in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins still in residence here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@ProPublica Chris Coppola, employee, AZCentral (Arizona Republic) sucked into newspaper plot to identify me, Gordon O'Hara Robbins as my son Gordon Christopher Robbins.  Arizona Republic records w/Robbins name dating to May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father easily ignored.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, En ano 2011 un Anglo reportero Robert Anglan, con historia con Arizona Republic periodico en Phoenix, Arizona, E.U.A. fue empleado en un tienda OXXCO, Col. Centro, Cd. Mexico, por que el alli?	Circa mio's lugares, Gordon Robbins, pero no conoce el.
@Canada Canadians operating Cybercafes (paid public access to internet) here in Mexico can be "trusted" to change content and divert copies of anyone's international emails at will, this usually done to further Canadian government quest for power here in Mexico.
@Canada Canada's official government forces out of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico are being identified and trashed here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and at home in Zihuatanejo.  Threatening Governor of Guerrero state not their smartest move!
@Canada To: Justin Trudeau, your and Justin Bieber's criminal attempt to identify myself, natural born American Gordon Robbins, as "a Canadian" in Mexico City in 2011 was just that, a criminal attempt.
@ProPublica Arizona Republic newspaper's allowing black woman editor' racial hate crime against me, Gordon Robbins, on Facebook with no repercussions against black woman involved a very telling situation.  History of same type situations dates to 1970's Arizona Republic newspaper
@USATODAY USAToday bares partial responsibility for international racial hate crime committed on Facebook by Arizona Republic Facebook editor, Feb., 2013, Gannett financial interest in Arizona Republic newspaper a factor.
@ProPublica Re: Racial hate crime committed against me, Gordon Robbins, by black woman Arizona Republic Facebook editor, Feb., 2013, cover-up still in place?  May tie to 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@azcentral Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Still covering up for your employee Connie Koenan's 1971 involvement in conspiracy resulting in drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, John Ahern family involved!
@senatemajldr Mitch----Al Gore would have been president instead of Bush had the obvious historical dictum you endorse been followed.
@federalbar Re: Arizona and Bar Associations,  when lawyer officials of a State's Bar Association engage in questionable acts, criminal acts and legal acts re: one individual, what recourse does that individual have re: questionable and criminal acts?
@POSAScottsdale Re: Criminal international and local exploits by past and present Scottsdale Police, between time I write this and you read it, another half dozen criminals will walk free because of your department's denials of several decades  international criminal adventurism.
@ktumulty Arizona Republic newspaper has been home to murderer's helpers since early morning of May 16, 1964 when, deliberately or inadvertantly, a night rewrite man Gerald Eaton, misquoted Phoenix, AZ police and labeled the murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins as "a suicide".
@USATODAY For your and your criminally intentioned Nicole Carroll's  information, I myself Gordon O'Hara Robbins, walked out of my reporter's job at Arizona Republic newspaper in 1975, right when they hired a mentally disturbed woman named Susan Black. What kind of fools are you?
@ktumulty Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Have you, Ms. Tumulty, enjoyed aiding Peter Holley and other Washington Post journalists in their part in cover-up of above murder? FBI agents have enjoyed the decades-old cover-up, how bout you?
@chris_coppola Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---How many criminal Arizona law enforcement people and Arizona Republic execs, editors leave their chewing gum on your bedpost overnight?
@chris_coppola  Coppola, Re: March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Arizona Capitol Times also sucked into identifying me, Gordon O'Hara Robbins as belng same person as my son Gordon Christopher Robbins, Phoenix Police and Nicole Carroll have always known difference.
@MNSheriffs Re: murder cover-ups, Phoenix, AZ, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---Criminal population of Zihuatanejo, Gro., MX has had criminally involved force present here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX for past 17 months, many of them young wealthy Canadian gangsters.
@PoliciaFedMx Gathering place of Canadian criminals and criminal English language voice and music broadcasting site in  Zihuatanejo, Gro  for many years the Edificio Marina building and it's several businesses, west side, Bay of Zihuatanejo south of La Concha basketball courts
@zihua_ixtapa Site recent shooting, two dead, two wounded, Zihuatanejo, Gro. took place in touristy beach restaurant area, west side Bay of Zihuatanejo 60 yards north of community center know as La Concha and  Edificio Marina building businesses, hangouts for criminal Canadians
@PoliciaFedMx Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--Elderly Canadian involved with American born Thomas Schodt in 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins walks free in Zihuatanejo, Gro., MX, he and Schodt present for two other Arizona child deaths
@Phoenix_NC Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--Criminal complicity Canada's Foreign Service, Military, etc. here Mexico in cover-up of, if not in actual 1971 Arizona murder of, my son Patrick Robbins easily provable, still ongoing. Using OXXCO stores
@CIA @MLMikeMilli @FBI FBI covers up local murders, ref: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins, also in 1980's compromised mother of Patrick Robbins and maternal grandfather.
@Phoenix_NC Re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---Arizona Republic newspaper hacking computer-cellphone internet accounts of certain Arizona Americans here in Mexico as part of murder cover-up.  Puerto Vallarta tourists, residents targeted w/spam.
@StateDept Re: Phoenix, AZ murder cover-ups, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---When are your State Department criminal murder cover-up personnel you have facilitated here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco and other regjons of Mexico going to shut up?
@USATODAY Re:May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---In protecting and promoting criminal activities of Gerald Eaton, assistant night city editor Arizona Republic May 15-16,1964, newspaper staff, execs make themselves vulnerable to murder cover-up charges
@USATODAY Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Arizona Republic and Gannett Corp. executives, staffs have personal criminal exposure because of their longtime knowledge Arizona Republic reporter Connie Koenan involved in events re: murder of Patrick.
@USATODAY Re: Arizona Republic newspaper and whereabouts of my son Matthew Peter Robbins (b. Arizona, 1972)---USAToday and Gannett have a massive criminal exposure because of aiding Arizona Republic newspaper staff cover-ups of decades old Phoenix murders of my family members.
@MNSheriffs Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---personal enrichment of my ex-wife Bette, Patrick's mother, a goal of her American FBI agent friends of 1980's who were also contributing almost daily to delinquency of minors near Chaparral High School.
@MNSheriffs Re: Murder cover-ups, Phoenix, AZ, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---Apparently proof exists that American Consular Agency staff here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico region involved in same decades old murder cover-ups out of Arizona as is Arizona law enforcement
@NAACP Re: Arizona Republic newspaper Facebook international racial hate crime--Any legal actions re: said Feb., 2013 international online racial hate acts should have been filed against Arizona Republic newspaper and it's Facebook editor by Glendale, AZ journalist Susan Coe.
@NAACP Pro-Publica people aware of NAACP racial hate crimes against white people like myself Gordon Robbins, such racial hate crimes a backdrop to March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, a crime hateful, criminally intent black women approve of.
@MNSheriffs Warner Bros. criminal involvement in Mexico actually began in early Dec., 2005 with Canadian Alan Goldstein and young male actors in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, again reared its head out of "Hollywood" into Mexico City in 2006-07 possible murder involvement in Feb, 2007
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Gente aqui, ex-Policia de Phoenix, Arizona mal, mal personas con interesante a masque que pasa en Phoenix, AZ cuando socios (?) de ellos mata mis papa en ano 1964 y un hijo de mio en ano 1971.  Este es obviousa, apparente otra gente aqui en mismo complicity
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Delencuentes masculino con cafe de Tacos en Norte de Puerto Vallarta, Jal. y tienda impremeur in Paradise Plaza, Nuevo Vallarta son socios de Policia federal de Mexico se ayudaban gente aqui se mata mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona en ano 1971.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, younger mixed blood males here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal. region with their coastal highway taco cafe way north of Carl's Jr's. got their criminal murder cover-ups start here in 2008 w/a print shop in Paradise Plaza, Nuevo Vallarta, Bahia de Banderas, Nay.
@ChrisCoons Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ Police cover-up of murder of my son Patrick Robbins---NAACP executives, others involved w/black woman ex-Arizona legislator 1980's and above murder making fun me, Patrick's father, and of your name on Twitter, internationally active FBI involved.
@NAACP Re: Racial crimes, Arizona murder cover-ups, NAACP, and prostitutes----From what I, Gordon Robbins, know factually re: NAACP racial hate crimes against white people, NAACP's executives closest allies pimps, prostitutes and unacceptable to Mafia gangsters of Italian descent
@NAACP Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Have your national NAACP executives ever stopped promoting racial hate crimes against white people like myself Gordon Robbins, a victim of criminal black woman named Carolyn out of Arizona legislature 1980's
@CIA Tell Gina Haspel 78-year-old Gordon Robbins myself too young for program, says Brennan could use refresher course;
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Oficiales del Gobierno de Mexico y Militar de Mexico se daban authoridad aqui en Mexico a gente de Militar de Canada aqui en Mexico no son Mexicanos, sangre, lugar de naciemento no importante, ello son delencuente representivos de Canada y enmigos a Mexico
@PoliciaFedMx Militar de Mexico desde San Patricio-Melaque, Jalisco, MX ayumiento gran delencuentes, mentarosos desde el ano 1995 contra mio, Gordon Robbins, y mis lugares, Ellos mentarosos en "La Gloria" de San Patricio a ayudar el mismo mentarosos de militar de Canada alli.
@MNSheriffs Re: Murder cover-ups, Phoenix, AZ Police, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---Several retired Americans involved in various situations that relate to one or both murders and cover-ups other than Phoenix, AZ police retirees are now living here in Puerto Vallarta.
@MNSheriffs Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---American community criminal involvement here Puerto Vallarta, Jal. MX actually includes woman anglo lawyer involved in early 1960's divorce of Michael and Helen Heberlein in Los Angeles County, California Courts
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, oficiales de Mexico se encluyen uno o' mas del Gobierno MX y miltar Mexico se ayudaban gente Judea aqui en Mexico, San Patricio-Melaque, Jal., Colima, Col., Zihuatanejo, Gro. otra lugares en anos pasada, el mismo grupo de Judea se mataban gente en los E.U.A
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Ex-Federal Policia,  Zihuatanejo, Gro,,MX stabbed one of their own from Mexico City in back  over my luggage stolen October, 2008 at city of Oaxaca regional bus station by criminal police agents, taxi drivers from San Patricio and grand state of Jalisco, MX
@MNSheriffs Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---checking out sources of Twitter account and Facebook profile of a Troy Robbins from Indiana will reveal widespread criminal activity from people in two countries, maybe three.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Zihuatanejo Municipal and Police criminal intent existed in year 2014 when use of municipio voice broadcast system "Attention Ciudadanos" turned over to people from southwest Wisconsin in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX trying to identify with me, Gordon Robbins.
@MNSheriffs Re: Murder cover-ups, Phoenix, AZ police, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---Robert Robbins, Oklahoma City, will forever regret his 1978 Arizona involvement with my ex-wife Bette, Patrick's mother, witnessed by then officers, employees of State Bar Association of AZ.
@MNSheriffs Re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ Police involved murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins--Robert Robbins, Oklahoma City, also promoted claim amongst other of my Robbins family relatives that I myself, Gordon Robbins, involved w/Phoenix Police cover-up of murder of my father
@MNSheriffs Re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---Robert Robbins, Oklahoma City, knows efforts to promote Susan Black, ex-Arizona Republic newspaper 1975, lies to frame myself, other ASU students in 1964 Phoenix, AZ police involved murder of my father.
@statepressmag Re: Whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (born 1972, Arizona)--- Are Scottsdale, AZ Police, Arizona Republic newspaper and it's online Twitter stooge Maria Poletti, others still claiming Matthew still alive, living in Carefree, Cave Creek, Arizona?
@StateDept @SecPompeo @CarlosHolmesTru @CancilleriaCol @USEmbassyBogota @ColombiaEmbUSA How closely are murder cover-up FBI agents monitoring my public accurate evidentiary Tweets to Minnesota Sheriff's Association re: FBI' part in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins?
@VallartaDaily Re: Murders of my father 1964, son of mine 1971, Phoenix, AZ---Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX Police caught local man hacking my, Gordon Robbins, cellphones there in prior years, changing factual data---then let his changes sent out to others stand as "alternate fact".
@StateDeputySPOX @StateDept @SecPompeo Canada hosting anything is danger!
@partlowj Peter Holley byline still being used by Washington Post.  Oregon State Police identifying Holley now as homosexual plagiarist Press Spokesman for U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ.
@Cronkite_ASU Re: Scottsdale, AZ and Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico---2007 disappearance of my son Matthew Peter Robbins (b. 1972, Arizona), Undercover ex-Scottsdale, AZ Police cadet in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX in Nov., 2007 reported dead years earlier in Scottsdale, AZ in setup.
@USATODAY Re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---Nicole Carroll, USAToday destroying evidence when she destroys all copies of May 16,1964 Arizona Republic news article misquoting Phoenix, AZ police labeling my father's murder "a suicide". Her motive?
@SecNielsen Re: Phoenix, AZ Police retirees and border crossings---Comparison of Mexican Federal Immigration records with American Border Patrol statistics may reveal MANY more ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers leave U.S. than American Border Patrol data shows returning.
@statepressmag Re: Phoenix, AZ murders my father 1964, son of mine 1971---Scottsdale, AZ Post Office staffs still today in mass confusion re: Zip Codes, street addresses, correct city names, calling City of Phoenix property division for assistance only recourse.
@statepressmag Re: Phoenix, AZ police murder cover-ups, my father 1964, son Patrick 1971---Costa group Hotel, restaurant building ownership here reverts to Mexican family ownership, long married in ex-Phoenix, AZ P.D. officer told he can't name his Arizona family as Costa heirs.
@statepressmag Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Aging retired Phoenix, AZ ex-police officers here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX seeking shelter w/their own type at Costa group of hotels and restaurants south of Megafood. Land ownership an issue!
@PoliciaFedMx Pensionados aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX desde Phoenix, Arizona en Los E.U.A estan en complot contra mio, Gordon Robbins con executivos BanComer dia 27, mes Oct.,ano 2017, este' continuacion un complot pensionados de Policia de Phoenix, Arizona en otra partes MX.
@MNSheriffs Re: Phoenix, AZ Police decades-old murder cover-ups my family members---Retired and ex-Phoenix, Arizona Police here in Mexico part of BanComer executives criminal plot against myself, Gordon Robbins, here Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX October 27, 2017 Plaza Crystal office
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Dia 27 de Octubre del ano 2017 BanComer executivos en complicidad con familia de pensionados de Policia de Phoenix, Arizona se viven aqui usaban un viejo con pretenciones el es gerente de oficina BanComer en Plaza Crystal de Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX.
@PoliciaFedMx BanComer criminal involvement renewed here Oct. 27, 2017 in front of all Plaza Crystal office BanComer employees here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico,this re: Elena Cortez de Brun property, financial trust established under legal auspices of BanComer in 1978.
@PoliciaFedMx Re: Murders, Phoenix, AZ, my father C. GordonRobbins 1964, son of mine Patrick Robbins1971---Persons involved in said murders in Arizona in the United States of America amongst longtime residents of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero and Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan, Mexico region
@Phoenix_NC Re: Murders, Phoenix, AZ, my father C.Gordon Robbins 1964, son of mine Patrick Robbins 1971---Publishers, editors, Tucson Daily Star, will have to explain how they, like your people, became internationally involved in Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. murder cover-ups.
@VTNCanada Canadian government official are criminal scum who have lied about me, Gordon Robbins, all over Mexico for nearly 24 years, provable and criminally motivated Foreign Service, Military, Intelligence Agents, private citizen Canadians.
@statepressmag Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Persons w/ownership interest in ChrisTown Shopping Center and M.C.S.O. ties in Phoenix, AZ and "vacation home" holdings in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Gro. MX  criminally involved in murder cover-up w/ definate motive
@RepRaulGrijalva Rep. Grijalva---FBI, Phoenix, AZ agents no longer need permission of Brown and Bain law firm before investigating anything and everything---Days of Napolitano on Arizona Republic Editorial Board matter of history.
@PalmerReport Copies of Palmer Report available at all service stations in Phoenix, Arizona area, 50 cents each w/purchase 10 gallons of gasoline.
U.S. Marshals force secretly monitoring FBI Phoenix, AZ office Special  Agent sponsorship of national tour w/Michael Frost, Tempe, Arizona speaking on securities investment, fraud, and power of attorney usage for retiring agents.  Endorsed by Arizona Republic newspaper!
@BarackObama Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Eric Holder knows of file re: former U.S. Attorney Dennis Burke's efforts to frame me, Gordon Robbins, for above murder.  Woman Phoenix, AZ office, culprit, influence on Burke.
@MNSheriffs Re: Phoenix, AZ murder cover-ups, my father 1964, son of mine 1971--- Active, retired Phoenix, AZ Police, Arizona Republic newspaper execs sent  reporter Robert Anglan to Mexico City in 2011 in criminal effort to identify me w/Anglan whom police considered homosexual.
@MNSheriffs Re:  AA, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--- Nurse from Scottsdale, AZ Memorial Hospital March 12, 1971, in 2006 living at Las Penitas de Jaltemba, Nayarit, MX part  international puzzle, tie late 1990's AA in  English here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal.,MX
@MNSheriffs Re: Murder cover-ups, Phoenix, AZ, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---California Bureau of Investigation also left in place, w/financial support, an informant fugitive in Zihuatanejo, Gro. from their own department despite fact occasionally provided false information.
@MNSheriffs Re: Phoenix, AZ murder cover-ups, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---California Bureau of Investigation (CBI) left Anglo woman in place here Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX 2018 despite her history going to 1989-90 death of one or more L.A.P.D. officers in Zihuatanejo, MX.
@MNSheriffs Re: double Phoenix, AZ murder cover-ups, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---criminally intent ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Mexico think all they need do is adopt an Alcoholics Anonymous posture toward me, Gordon Robbins, and they can get away with anything relevant.
@MNSheriffs Re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---Phoenix officer involved May 16, 1964, Frank Kowalski, died of blow to head late 2009 San Patricio, Jalisco, MX, an ex-Phoenix P.D. officer A A member there then has rumored criminal background.
@statepressmag Scottsdale, Arizona Police used professional criminal females working for "Expressions" answering service or an answering service w/different name doing business as "Expressions" answering international calls at legitimate Scottsdale Police numbers.
@senatemajldr Senator, Politics aside, U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ knowingly promoting their overage homosexual plagiarist Press Spokesman in cover-up of May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins.
@statepressmag Scottsdale, AZ Police "intelligence agents" of early-mid 1970's used to share their confidential reports with reporters from New Times weekly entertainment newspaper via owner Michael Lacey.  April Fools Day issues 1974-1975 dead give away re: Scottsdale Galleria.
@Phoenix_NC Canadian government criminal filth, Foreign Service, Military, Intelligence Service (CIS) has taken over American Consulate, Guadalajara, Jalisco, MX.  	American Consular Agency, Nuevo Vallarta serving Puerto Vallarta at extreme risk, partial Canadian staffing!
@MNSheriffs Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---An Alice Donnelly, supposed high ranking U.S. of America Justice Department Washington, DC employee, may be real or just another American Arizona journalist criminal here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX or ?????
@statepressmag Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Arizona Republic newspaper has a problem, Connie Koenan, one of babysitters used by the murderers, in 1971 both Arizona Republic employee and a stepdaughter of then Arizona DPS director John Ahern.
@MNSheriffs Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Arizona Republic newspaper has a problem--Connie Koenan, one of two "babysitters" used in Patrick's murder, both a Arizona Republic employee and a stepdaughter of then Arizona DPS director John Ahern.
@statepressmag Scottsdale Police, other Arizona law enforcement agents claiming they could not contact me a major outright lie, occasional official emails from other Maricopa County, Arizona personnel, even one from a Phoenix P.D. Internal Affairs officer reached me here in MX.
@statepressmag Scottsdale, AZ Police have since 1980's protected identities of American Phoenix, AZ FBI agent friends of my ex-wife Bette, men who harassed me w/periodic phone calls from 1983-1992 using name "Melvin Arthur" and in 1980's manipulated my then minor sons w/cash.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Gente delencuentes aqui desde estado de Wisconsin con historia, otra familia en Zihuatanejo, Gro., MX, nombres familia Baumgartner y Christopherson tienen numerous telefono 322-222-3740 aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX
@MNSheriffs Re:  1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---Christopherson and Baumgartner families aware of my sole legal interest in massive Elena Cortez de Brun property and financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX, trying force way into portion of it
@MNSheriffs Re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---Christopherson-Baumgartner family phone # here local 322-222-3740 in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, registration may show as in Zapopan, Jalisco, MX.
@statepressmag Sadly, Scottsdale P.D.'s Paul Bernholz here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MZ w/wife Patricia in 1990's someone known and trusted by Kelly Trainor, American Consul agent here since 1995, who still lives here and also trusts criminal ex-police agent William McGrail.
@statepressmag Scottsdale P.D. women employees involved, international criminal plot discredit me nearly 2 years ago,no problems referring my calls to criminal setup Joel Lewis w/their Internal Affairs Div. a Paul Bernholz setup w/ friends re:1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@statepressmag Alan Rodbell, Scottsdale Police Chief, used several headquarters women in  criminally intent effort  discredit my identity, possible collusion w/Milstead at DPS, Rodbell at same time refusing to take my international calls to headquarters # and Rodbell's office #.
@statepressmag Scottsdale, AZ Police w/ criminal intent, false info, began international attempt to misidentify me nearly two years ago, myself Gordon Robbins, still in Zihuatanejo, Gro., Mexico---criminally used my son Gordon Christopher Robbins as source Patrick's murder 1971
@Phoenix_NC Be careful, FBI is monitoring international criminal murder cover-up activities of Arizona journalists, radio, television, internet, newspapers.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, BanComer executives have cooperated (Oct. 27, 2017, Plaza Crystal branch) w/local lawyer here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico re: fraud and Elena Cortez  de Brun estate here, local lawyer described as fraud woman Gloria Whiting's boyfriend.
@WeTheFBI 1960's evidence find connecting FBI agents to Greenwich Village Hotel, New York City, Johnny Rotten murder site, Sex Pistols, and bottom of bar stool in guest house of the late President Diaz Ordaz of Mexico a single fingerprint on 55-year-old Norelco razor--Source CNN
@Phoenix_NC Re--Events in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX tourist community, influx of American tourist residents from out of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX had destructive influence on credibility of local International Friends of Puerto Vallarta, lawyer boyfriend of Gloria Whiting also!
@Phoenix_NC Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins----Paul Prezone, Maricopa County, AZ Sheriff, has names of sheriff's deputy childhood friends of murderer Thomas Schodt, others involved in 1971, problem, sole legal jurisdiction w/Phoenix Police
@mcsoaz Paul Prezone, Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff, polling ex-deputies as to how many were present in Guadalajara, Jal., MX at assassination of Catholic Archbishop at International Airport in Guadalajara in late 1980's, wants to know why no newspaper publicity on shooting?
@HuffPostCanada Reports Mexican President Andres M.L. Obrador wants ALL Canadian Military out of Mexico just rumor?, observers say only about half of Canadian military are here in Mexico, not ALL of their Military!
@Jennifer_Fox10 Jennifer, Believe, John Roberts, FOX got his international start using my first name, "Gordon", trying to attend memorial funeral services for deceased children of French-Spanish nobility he never knew were friends of mine, summer, 2005, Puerto Escondido, Oax. MX
@dcexaminer Is not SIM some kind of chip inside cellphones, not just those made in China?
@StateDeputySPOX Hi, Simply Bob, did you get your start w/fox television news doing walk-ins at memorial funeral services as did John Roberts at FOX walk-ins of memorial services for people he never knew?  Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca 2005.
@Jim_Jordan Jim, regardless of party affiliation suggest you contact Minnesota Sheriff's Association re: decades-old Phoenix, AZ double murder coverups,my father C. Gordon Robbins (May 15, 1964), son of mine Patrick Robbins (March 12, 1971).
@PoliciaFedMx Senores,  En ano 2014 membres  de familias Baumgartner y Christopherson en Zihuatanejo, Gro. conozen llamo "Alejandra" importante a mio, posible otras familia aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jal., desde estado  Wisconsin daban familia de Alejandra problems en Los Volcanes,Jal
@RepDevinNunes Devin, All "Wall" matters aside, Pelosi, in her old age, on a power trip and using Democratic party to trip out on what is her "personal power trip"! Again, all " Wall" matters aside!
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Familias aqui, Baumgartner, Chistopherson, Novinski, otras desde Estado Wisconsin en Los E.U.A. aqui muchos anos en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, tienen mal contacta con familia decendentes de David  Alfaro, familia son aduenos periodico Meridiano
@ghansen711 Nicole Carroll, USAToday and Arizona Republic thanks you supporting her cover-ups of May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ police involved murder of C. Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of Mr. Robbins' grandson Patrick Robbins.
@statepressmag Now you at ASU's State Press magazine understand how disappearances are done of normal people by Scottsdale Police!  Ask them current whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins, born Arizona, 1972.
@SecPompeo @StateDept @HassanRouhani Nice of YOU to undestand "Raven" relates to Canadian diplomats, two stepbrothers to child murderer Thomas Schodt who grew up in Phoenix, Arizona thinking his hometown Scottsdale.
@StateDeputySPOX @StateDept @SecPompeo @seanhannity @FoxNews Intelligence community surveiling govt. employees who openly reveal sensitive govt. data to Hannity on television
@RepDevinNunes Re: Murder cover-ups and Canadian Govt. operations here in Mexico----Canadian Govt. figures pushing for joint American-Canadian Consulate operations here in Mexico, other countries, criminals seeking full control of American State Department operations overseas.
@PoliciaFedMx Re: Phoenix, AZ murder cover-ups and Elena Cortez de Brun trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX---local lawyers here Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, BanComer execs usurped control my legal sole interest in Elena Cortez de Brun trust here Puerto Vallarta, Jal., years ago
@RepDevinNunes Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Arizona, American Federal (FBI) law enforcement allowing lies from my ex-wife Bette, Patrick's mother, and from Renee and Michael Frost in Arizona to control their every move in this murder cover-up.
@MNSheriffs Re: Murders of my father, 1964, son of mine, 1971, Phoenix, AZ---Arizona, American Federal law enforcement  protecting every murderer and murderer's helper involved, no matter their nationality or whereabouts, other murders also involved in U.S. of America, Mexico.
@MNSheriffs Devin, The Canadian born Thomas Schodt, a minor fugitive from Arizona who Monterrey, Nuevo Leon police in 2006 tried to identify me w/is stepfather to same name Thomas Schodt, a pathological liar involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@RepDevinNunes Devin, in 2006 in Monterey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico police were involved in using Elite Bus Company in failed try to associate me, Gordon Robbins, with a minor fugitive from Arizona, Canadian born Thomas Schodt, a son of his was Canada's Consul in Monterey at the time
@MNSheriffs Old incident, applicable, Mexico Police in 2006 in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon used Elite Bus Company in failed effort to associate me, Gordon Robbins, with minor Arizona fugitive Canadian born Thomas Schodt, a Canadian born son of Schodt Canada's Consul in Monterrey then.
@MNSheriffs Re: Murder cover-ups, Phoenix, AZ my father 1964, son of mine 1971----Crossroads Inc. Alcoholics Anonymous recovery home and meeting place, Phoenix,, AZ has names of many Phoenix, AZ Police retired and still active criminally here in Mexico, some since 1983 and before
@statepressmag Do not trust anyone from Alcoholics Anonymous, Ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Mexico and at home in Arizona have used their Alcoholics Anonymous membership as "another badge" while covering up up both 1964 murder of my father and 1971 murder of my son Patrick
@MNSheriffs Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---FBI, Phoenix, AZ may have condoned, even participated in fraud if, in early 198O's,my ex-wife collected $50,000 in life insurance money on Patrick, money I knew nothing about.  Who helped her, FBI and her father?
@MNSheriffs Re: Murder cover-ups Phoenix, AZ my father 1964, son of mine 1971---Someone passed off as me, Gordon Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico in contact w/Phoenix, AZ Chief Williams set up "international deal" to label my father's 1964 murder an "accidental shooting"
@RepDevinNunes Re: Murder cover-ups, Phoenix, AZ my father 1964, son of mine 1971---Zihuatanejo, Acapulco, Gro., Mexico City, Guadalajara, Jal., Canadians, other gangsters represent best criminal force of Military, Foreign Service, Intelligence agents Canadian Govt. has to offer
@MNSheriffs Re: Murder cover-ups Phoenix, AZ, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---Any time Police, either country have investigated and cleared me in any incident since 1960's mentality of criminal children of Phoenix, AZ police comes in w/claims police involved friends of mine.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores,  Compania Autobuses Elite tienen gerente, empleados aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jal., y en Zihuatanejo, Gro., parte de complicidad contra mio, Gordon Robbins, mas que diez anos, socios grande de ellos mataban cuatro persons o' mas en los E.U.A. hace muchos anos
@MNSheriffs Re: Double murder cover-up, Phoenix, AZ, my father 1964, son of mine 1971---Several old males with Phoenix, AZ Police history, jail time north of the border and Alcoholics Anonymous membership involved criminally here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., 	and Zihuatanejo, Gro.,
@DevinNunes Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Devin, have you been asked by FBI murder cover-up personnel to turn this, your personal Twitter account, over to them?  Phoenix, AZ police and their retirees here in Mexico do that w/ Facebook accounts.
@statepressmag State Press, ASU, once you investigate further you will discover Arizona law enforcement, even FBI agents lie, lie, lie, about murders that really did happen, my father (1964), son of mine (1971), while at same time promoting a double murder that never happened.
@statepressmag Criminally intent Mexican law enforcement authorities in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico trying to, since 2007, lie, lie, lie, w/claims the ex-American Military man identify as "close friend" of mine, him an close associate of Warner Bros. S.A. de Cv. employees there
@statepressmag Re: double murder, Scottsdale that never happened, late 1980's, Sheraton Hotel at Gainey Ranch, faked by Scottsdale P.D, city officials, the late Herb Drinkwater, Scottsdale Mayor then offered $5,000 dollar reward in capture of killers in murder that never happened
@statepressmag Police,  Scottsdale, AZ falsified double murder of two young police male cadets there in late 1980's, the "murder victims" helped fake their own funeral and fled to Mexico where Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX police, covering-up presence of one  since 2007 if not before
@DMCrandall David, How high up the criminal ladder of Arizona law enforcement are you?
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Gente aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jal. otra partes de Mexico con historia servicio de Policia de Phoenix, Arizona en los E.U.A. en gran complots mentiras contra mio, Gordon Robbins,  encluyen membres de familias aqui desde estado de Wisconsin en los E.U.A.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, no se si' Policia de Puerto Vallarta, Jal. conozen dos complots contra mio, Gordon Robbins, uno por Anglo gente se mataban mis papa (1964) y hijo mio (1971) en Phoenix, AZ en E.U.A., otra contra mis sole' beneficio intersante  confianza Elena Cortez de Brun
@PoliciaFedMx Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Policia, Ave. Mexico, conozen identidades de gente alli se ayudaban otras a masque el ano otra gente Anglo mataban mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona, en los E.U.A. en ano 1971, policia alli protectaban ellos ahorra.
@WHAAsstSecty @StateDept @jguaido @carlosvecchio @JulioBorges @USAenEspanol Jens Stohlberg knows more of Phoenix, AZ Police involved murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins May 15, 1964 and their involvement re: Phoenix, AZ March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins than you people will ever admit--Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico police know of cover-up
@lajornadaonline Este periodico Cd. de Mexico parte del ano 2006 falsification de dis noticias de historia Americano en Mexico, Bradley Rowland Lund se no existe, un empleado de Embajada de mis pais, Embajada de Los Estados Unidos America pagaba ellos de La Journado
@PoliciaFedMx Policia Mexicano, otras region de Zihuatanejo, Gro., MX son gran estupidos y delencuentes se daban credibilidad a familias alli desde estado de Wisconsin en anos pasada con mentiras ellos membres mis familia, ahorra los mismo mentarosos aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jal.,MX
@MNSheriffs Policia aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX no entenderon es posible' ex-authoridades de ley desde Phoenix, Arizona encluyen gran grupo con conneciones historico a familias delencuenties aqui muchos anos desde estado de Wisconsin
@MNSheriffs Re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ police involved murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---Definite criminal ties exist between families in Grant County, Wisconsin and same from there now living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, some w/history of service w/Phoenix Police Dept.
@MNSheriffs Re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ police involved murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---Ex-policia de Phoenix, AZ aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX en complot delencuencia contra mio, Gordon Robbins, sole' beneficio de confianza de moneda y propiedad de Elena Cortez de Brun aqui
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, En complot contra mio todos empleados de BanComer, Plaza Crystal, aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco dia 27 de Oct. ano 2017, otra executivos de BanComer, Luis Villasenor, gerente de Tourismo, y mujeres de Hotel Enerdiria de Calle Naranja, Col. Emiliano Zapata
@DMCrandall David Boy, Sorry to hear Pinal County stuck w/Kemper Marley Farms, the late John McCain's money making project for Palen's daughter that Senate colleagues used to teased him about..
@dannowicki @USATODAY Explain that Ben Schumer, Meghan McCain's husband a Democrat lied to by Phoenix, AZ Police hierarchal officer nearly seven years ago re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@MNSheriffs Re: murders of my father (1964), son of mine, (1971), older Wisconsin males w/ex-Phoenix, AZ police ties and knowledge both murders  are ones who broadcast nickname "Gordy" at me here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX, did same earlier years Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX.
@USATODAY Are USAToday executives who in 2004 approved cover-up of American Consulate staff member(s?) in Guadalajara, Jalisco involved in home burglaries 2003-04 there aware near direct ties exist w/Consulate staff to March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick?
@MNSheriffs Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Rumors American FBI in contact w/Jalisco State Police, if true, will test local police loyalty to American William "Bill" McGrail here Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX, him "doubled" here in Puerto Vallarta
@MNSheriffs Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Police holding pertinent Arizona Republic newspaper articles, insist on continued international part in murder cover-up w/ retired Arizona law enforcement, Wisconsin family members there.
@partlowj Mr. Partlow, Are you aware Peter Holley, others w/Washington Post have a historical involvement in March 12, 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins, not just in recent years but possibly since early 1970's of Nixon presidency.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, mujer Americana con nombre Christina Cable, edad 70(?) parte del grupo gente  particitaban en complot antes grupo de otras mataban mis hijo Patrick Robbins 12 de Marzo del ano 1971 en Phoenix, Arizona, Ella, familia aqui Puerto Vallarta muchos anos.
@MNSheriffs Re: Murders of my Father, 1964, son of mine, 1971 and Phoenix, AZ police cover-ups of same---All criminally intent ex-AZ law officers here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., other areas of Mexico have to do to become object of worship is lie, claiming murders never happened.
@statepressmag Re: Phoenix, AZ murder of my father 1964, son of mine 1971---Each time Mexican Federal Police help former southwest Wisconsin family members involved in said murders, they get to meet another daughter from same families, going on for years here in Mexico. Provable
@PoliciaFedMx Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---"Atencion Ciudadanos" used by criminally intent former Arizona law enforcement officers, others, against me in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX before Oct., 19, 2017 by same murderers involved in 1971 in AZ.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Parte de complot contra mio aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jal., por gente se en ano 1971 mataban mis nino Patrick Robbins en cd. de Phoenix, Arizona en los E.U.A.  Ellos encluyen policia pasda de cd. Phoenix, Arizona con socios aqui usaban Atencion Ciudadanos.
@statepressmag Re: Phoenix, AZ Murders of m father, 1964, son of mine 1971----however done, evidence exists American and Canadian Consulate staffs, Guadalajara, Jalisco, USAToday at home, Mexican Federal Police, some local Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, police in on murder cover-ups!
@Gannett Re: Phoenix, AZ murders, 1964 my father, 1971 a son of mine--- Criminally deliberate mass of lies and misinformation has come out of American and Canadian Consulate staffs, others, of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico in past 20 years or more.  Arizona murderers behind this?
@Gannett Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---USAToday executives destroyed themselves and Gannett by taking on murder cover-up activities of Phoenix-Scottsdale, AZ Police and Arizona Republic, other news media, Federal law enforcement in Phoenix area
@Gannett Re: Murder of my father (1964) son of mine (1971) Phoenix, AZ---Are personnel at USAToday still holding "position" of covering up name(s?) of American Consulate staff, 2003-04 involved in home burglaries in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico region?
@MNSheriffs Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---I now have to live w/horrible spectre of my son Patrick Robbins spending night of March 11-12, 1971 w/pathological child murderer Thomas Schodt, after exposing Phoenix,AZ police cover-up,1964 murder of my father
@Alcoholics_INTL Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---your Alcoholics Anonymous lunatic Bowes knew here in 2006 in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, that my son murdered in 1971 in Phoenix was a great, great nephew of "Old Jake" of AA Los Angeles, Calif. 1950's
@Alcoholics_INTL Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---longtime Los Angeles Police retiree named Bowes, involved in 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins while a Phoenix, AZ Police radio room officer--Bowes a lunatic and very longtime AA member.
@MNSheriffs Re: Murders, Phoenux, AZ, my father (1964) son of mine (1971)---Arizona Republic newspaper reporter, national politics, Dan Nowicki may be phony profile on Twitter, another Arizona Republic name Megan Cassidy, criminal group from 1980's, Chaparral High, Scottsdale, AZ
@MNSheriffs Re: Active duty Phoenix, AZ Police newly here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico aware of lies, lies, lies, in which past, present officers of Phoenix P.D. at home and here in Mexico claim themselves personal friends of myself,Gordon Robbins, this goes back 55 years.
@MNSheriffs Re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father, son of mine 1971 ---reigning queen of murder cover-up personnel since 1975 at today's Arizona Republic newspaper media people an insane childhood incest victim Susan Black who attended Scottsdale (AZ) High School, late 1950's.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, major clowns in this are two Mexican Federal Police who saw me, Gordon Robbins, by swimming pool at Hotel Villa Sol, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca in summer of 2006 and tried blame me for a fight there a year earlier, body washed up on beach June, 1995 important
@jensstoltenberg @HolocaustMuseum Phoenix, Arizona police retirees here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico involved in old Arizona murders my family members making good use of entire criminal population in and from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@MNSheriffs Re: Phoenix, AZ murders of my father (1964) and son of mine (1971)---several my Tweets to you from alternate Twitter account blocked by cellphone hackers in and from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero. now here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico. Ex- Arizona law officers involved
@MNSheriffs Re: Phoenix, AZ murders, my father (1964), son of mine (1971), Arizona law enforcement riding criminal sidesaddle w/incestuous brother and sister Gordon and Susan Black since 1964 murder of my father, Arizona Republic newspaper staff since Feb., 1975 on same horse.
@DanCrenshawTX Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---one of 1st questions asked me, Jan., 1971 by murder planner, if I'd served in Vietnam, this from new "neighbor" home N/E corner 61st Place and Calle del Norte in Phoenix, AZ. Didn't let me answer, left room.
@dannowicki Dan, does writing about alligators remind you of hugging Nicole Carroll?   USAToday offering reward for advance notification on new Starbucks locations in Venezuela and Peru, w/names of investors!
@JohnBrennan John, stop worrying,  CIA renegades dispensing CIA secrets in Mexico City started activity six to eight years before you took charge at Langley, one has kidney dialysis situation, in hidiing at Clinica Morelos, Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@Alcoholics_INTL Eventually I will count up and send you the number of criminally intent Alcoholics Anonymous members involved in murder, murder cover-ups, and related crimes, many hiding behind "program of anonimity" from three countriesm
@jensstoltenberg Cellphone hackers involved in covering up two decades old Phoenix, Arizona murders of family members of mine don't want this sent from Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@PoliciaFedMx American Consuls, staff, Guadalajara, used highly inflated fraud acccounting, Guadalajara tourism caused by registering Puerto Vallarta bought cellphones in Zapopan, Jal.---aware staff, American Consuls Guadalajara, labeled Consular Agency, Puerto Vallarta, no value
@jensstoltenberg Criminal rule of Arizona  law enforcement from United States of America is coming to an end here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and in Mexico itself, the liars and murderers helpers still active here but rapidly losing power!
@OAS_official Criminal rule of Arizona law enforcement here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mexico began w/1960's presence of then Arizona DPS (State Police) Director John Anern, his stepdaughter Connie Koenan involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@StateDept @SecPompeo @OAS_official About time U.S. of America began representing itself again in OAS with some honesty.
@DDPendergast Thanks, Diogenes, Several are still very much alive, retired brain dead ex-Arizona law enforcement agents--Now no actual U.S. Attorney in Arizona or a Chief U.S Federal Marshal in Phoenix.
@LouDobbs Lou, Your idea of opening small financial aid office in halls of Congress approved unanimously at Davos.	Interest rate on loans to government workers up next!
@statepressmag Scottsdale, AZ Police began, early 2017, a criminal international effort to discredit myself, Gordon Robbins, and my very identity here in Mexico, actually involving my middle son Gordon Christopher Robbins in what may be a combined law enforcement agency plot.
@statepressmag Scottsdale, AZ Police cannot be trusted in this March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins and cover-up matter, their criminal involvement in related matters spans four decades and ties to Elena Cortez de Brun trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@statepressmag An ASU Nursing school employee in 1986-87 chairing noon on-campus Alcoholics Anonymous student meetings lied to her own sons, others, she herself witness to Scottsdale Memorial Hospital portion of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@CIA How does it feel to be a murder's helper with international law enforcement ties, how many murders you covering up?
@CIA Please tell Gina Haskell New York State Police, Devin Nunes personal acount, Twitter sites hold mass of accurate data on age-old, recent murders of my family members in Arizona.  Remind her, Feb, 2003, Jalapa
@statepressmag Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---individual using name Jeffrey Peterson claiming 2003--2009 involvement w/Janet Napolitano seeking, via Twitter, info on Napolitano 1971 involvement.  Possibly phony name, second contact w/me
@statepressmag Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Arizona Republic newspaper of March 13, 1971 error re: legal city location of home at 6101 E. Calle del Norte where Patrick's drowning murder "supposedly" occurred capitalized on to discredit me.
@statepressmag Re---May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun slaying of my father C. Gordon Robbins----most LIES of Phoenix, AZ police retirees claiming longterm friendship w/me, Gordon Robbins, come from Phoenix, AZ officers active there in Alcoholics Anonymous at Crossroads AA groups
@StateDeputySPOX @StateDept Ex-Arizona law officers here in Mexico lie, claiming myself, Gordon Robbins, a friend and associate of various Phoenix, AZ Police departmental officers since 1964.  Make them tell you why they lie+
@AnnCoulter Ann, Vanity Fair checks bouncing toward end of month.  Get paid before tenth!   Rgs
@ORStatePolice Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Murderers of my son Patrick Robbins included 1970's and since employees of U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ, contact on same Ann Birmingham Scheele, former acting U.S. Attorney in Arizona.
@POSAScottsdale Re: 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins--- Scottsdale, AZ police in occasional contact with my ex-wife Bette's attorney,  a lawyer who owns more federal judges in Arizona than does the federal judiciary system.  See J. Keyrouse estate probate.
@nyspolice Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---easy proof, involvement of Ann Birmingham Scheele and American community, Zihuatanejo, Mexico in cover-up of 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick, same Ms. Scheele acting U.S. Federal Attorney in Arizona in 2010
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Key justice department employees, U.S. Attorney's office, Phoenix, provably involved in 1971 murder of my son Patrick and cover-up also, began planing their attack on me in late 2012 in Zihuatanejo, Gro., Mexico.
@nyspolice Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---four years ago, when factual content of my evidentiary info emails overwhelmed Phoenix area law officers they hired a homosexual plagiarist to handle cover-ups, him now running U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix
@nyspolice Re: Arizona law enforcement cover-up of multiple murders of family members of mine---Sirs, you will run into stonewalled liars re: almost any question asked of Arizona law enforcement hierarchy, Phoenix, AZ police upper level officers w/possible exclusion Jeri Williams
@Phoenix_NC History re: Arizona Republic media led murder cover-ups: 1964 murder of my father labeled "suicide"; 1971 misidentity of city where drowning murder of my son Patrick supposedly occurred; media trust of Scottsdale, AZ police re:2007 disappearance of my son Matthew.
@dcexaminer Re: Arizona law enforcement criminal activity:  1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick,. 2007 disappearance possible murder of my son Matthew, third son Gordon Christopher contracted AID's as result of women's criminal plot
@nyspolice Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, police caught up in international crossweb of lies re: my, Gordon Robbins, identity here, Lies from both Phoenix-Scottsdale Police at home in Arizona and their ex-officers here in Mexico.
@nyspolice Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins----Ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, no verbal talks w/myself, Gordon Robbins, them lieing repeatedly to Phoenix, AZ Police Chief Jeri Williams.  Men and women liars I don't even know!
@Phoenix_NC Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---How many Arizona journalists in on cover-up of said 1971 murder know of Arizona Republic newspaper's involvement re: May 15 1964 Phoenix, AZ Police officer involved shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins?
@HoustonChron Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Lise Olsen, Houston Chronicle reporter victimized by murder cover-up lies from editor Nicole Carroll, Arizona Republic and USAToday newspapers.
@wbpictures Warner Bros. S.A. de Cv. employees knew of, may have been involved in murder of woman in southeast corner Zona Rosa, Col. Benito Juarez, Mexico City on or about Jan. 16, 2007.  Have film proving same in their possession, ties to mid-Nov, 2007, Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Gro.
@wbpictures Re: 2007 disappearance of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (b. AZ, 1972)---Are Warner Bros. executives aware your Mexican subsidiary employees involved in possible mid-November, 2007 murder of my son Matthew Peter Robbins in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico?
@SecPompeo @StateDept Tony Mendez would roll over in his grave if he knew of long-term criminal murder and murder cover-up activities of Arizona law enforcement and their retirees here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, and other areas of Mexico.
@HuffPostCanada Unusual number of Canadian diplomats from Acapulco, Guerrero and American Consulate of Guadalajara, Jalisco on southeast coast of State of Guerrero in summer of 2009---old, but still unexplained intelligence data?????
@RepAOC Mitt Romney does not know who exactly owns land under his properties in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@HuffPostCanada Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Canadian intelligence service (C.I.S.) agents, recent years, exploited interests of Testigos de Jehova religion west central Mexico with disinformational criminal activities against myself, others.
@HuffPostCanada Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Canadian involvement---April, 2008 Guadalajara--Canadian female intelligence agent (C.I.S.) assigned track, harass me unmasked other C.I.S. agents in La Soledad, Michoacan, Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX
RT @gordon_robbins: @VallartaDaily Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--April, 2008, Guadalajara, female Canadi…
@VallartaDaily Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--April, 2008, Guadalajara, female Canadian Intelligence agent assigned follow and harass me revealed identities of Canadian agents in La Soledad, Michoacan, Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX while doing so.
@phoenixpolice Re: disappearance, possible murder of my son Matthew Peter Robbins----Ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Mexico have names of all Americans and Canadians who were in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in Nov. of 2007.  Includes Warner Bros. S.A. de Cv. personnel.
@phoenixpolice Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Retired Phoenix, AZ ex-police officers need more funding, fleeing local police here in Mexico.  Use special bank account!
@TravelGov @StateDept Sorry, too late, United Nations officials have some data on old Arizona law enforcement cover-up of Phoenix murders of my father (1964) and son of mine (1972).
@jensstoltenberg @IvanDuque Phoenix, Arizona Police who still cover-up May 15, 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and both Phoenix and Scottsdale, Arizona Police who covered up March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins should long ago been held accountable by United States of America justice
@HuffPostCanada Travel Warning, American families traveling by car on Trans-Canada Highway in danger of having their own children labeled as being kidnap victims, this Canadian law enforcement, warning retroactive to mid-1950's
@ORStatePolice Re: Oregon State Police and Arizona murder cover-ups, direct question to officers involved internationally---How does it feel to be suckered into murder cover-ups after I, Gordon Robbins, by long distance phone and email, had put the truth in your hands?
@MNSheriffs Re: Scottsdale, AZ Police and March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins--- Oregon State Police criminally involved internationally because of Peter Holley, Washington Post Writers Group!  Alan Rodbell, Holley, separate cover-ups, same murder
@VallartaDaily Re: Elena Cortez de Brun financial and property trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, and myself, Gordon Robbins, many ex-Phoenix Police, ex-Arizona law officers, others here now caught in crossfire of their own murder cover-ups lies, estate fraud attempts.
@VallartaDaily Re: My, Gordon Robbins, legal beneficio interest in Elena Cortez de Brun financial, property trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Phoenix, AZ police retirees told officials here in 2015-early 2017 that I, Gordon Robbins, a phony then in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX
@VallartaDaily Re: Murders in Phoenix, Arizona, my father 1964, one son 1971: both subject to cover-ups by Phoenix, AZ Police, my father's murder in 1964 solely by Phoenix Police, the 1971 cover-up my son murder by Phoenix police, individual Scottsdale police, city officials.
@VallartaDaily Re: Phoenix, Arizona murders of my father, 1964, one son Patrick, 1971----retired Phoenix, AZ police, other ex-Arizona law officers here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, other areas of Mexico NEVER have been "friends or close associates" to me, Gordon Robbins!
@VallartaDaily Re: Elena Cortez de Brun financial and property trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, name of key property to said trust, the Hotel Los Quatros Vientos at 520 Calle Matamoros, Col. Centro changed to simply Hotel Quatros Vientos.  Fraud yet again ???
@OklahomaWatch Re: Cold Case---May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---outside your realm of interest, however Robert G. Robbins needs to be questioned on said 1964 death and his 1978 visit to State Bar Association of Arizona offices in Phoenix.
@VTStatePolice Re: Cold case, Murder of my son Patrick Robbins March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona---Do not expect truth from Phoenix, AZ Police on this murder, two separate units, Radio room dispatch and headquarters division involved in 1971 cover-up along w/Scottsdale, AZ police.
@ORStatePolice Re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ Police public cover-up of May 15, 1964 murder of my father--- American Embassy staff, Mexico City in 2011 knowingly lied re: my, Gordon Robbins, Mexico City whereabouts to my cousin Janet Nielsen visiting there from Oregon in search of me.
@ORStatePolice Re: Murder of my son Patrick Robbins March 12, 1971, Phoenix, Arizona---Peter Holley, name used by Washington Post writer, and some Oregon State Police invented town  "Phoenix, Oregon" to aid Arizona law enforcement cover-up of 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick
@ORStatePolice Re: Oregon State Police and Washington Post Writers Group member using name Peter Holley, horrible bunch of murder cover-up drunks w/seven year or more ties to Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico. Ref, May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins
@ORStatePolice Re: Cold case, Murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Phoenix, Arizona March 12, 1971---Oregon State Police have also had a decided interest in Phoenix, AZ Police public cover-up of May 15, 1964 Phoenix, Arizona shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon "Pat" Robbins.
@VTStatePolice Cold case, Murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Phoenix, AZ, March 12, 1971---Phoenix, AZ Police cover-up of said drowning murder tracef recent years to Scottsdale, AZ Police Chief Alan Rodbell, retirees Paul,  Patricia Bernholz, international activity since 1990's.
@jensstoltenberg @eurocontrolDG @eurocontrol Caution, Old business unfinished re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins traces to John Roberts, others w/FOX News in more recent years.
@MNSheriffs Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---A retired Scottsdale, AZ police couple, Paul and Patricia Bernholz, hired by Chief Rodbell two years ago discredit me, Gordon Robbins, have known me for years, both in 1990's here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX
@MNSheriffs Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---everything I write, say, or do here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico narrated aloud by criminal piece of ex-Arizona law enforcement shit speaking English.  American Embassy hooked in!
@StateDept @SecPompeo Ned Price, known member Obama administration, National Security Council, be impersonated on Twitter by criminal law enforcement operative here in Puerto Vallarta vwho has wasted his Twitter account harrassing me!
@brahmresnik Brahm, How can you stand those working conditions?
@EricSchultz @nedprice Quite frankly, Ned, the American press has no credibility re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona drowning murder because of Arizona Republic newspaper involvement in cover-up of same!
@SecPompeo @StateDept @USEmbMuscat Ask your criminal staff at Consulate in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico about their 18 to 21 years of lies re: whereabouts of myself, Gordon Robbins?
RT @StateDept: From January 8-15, @SecPompeo travels to Jordan, Iraq, Egypt, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Oman, and…
@DanCrenshawTX Dan, Rumors are you already considering resignation from Congress.  Have you talked with Harry Cisneros, former HUD Secretary re: this?
@StateDeputySPOX @StateDept @SecPompeo @MohamedBinZayed @ABZayed Watch your backs, Canadians are coming!
@dcexaminer Re: murders, disappearances my family members in Phoenix, AZ---Believe it, right now investigation underway into changes in year, birth, death records of my family on publicly available genealogical internet sites including Mormon, done to discredit me, Gordon Robbins
@LAPDChiefMoore Chief Moore, my sympathies to the family of officer Corona and to the people of your department. I ask you to convey this to officer Corona's family. Thank you!
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---FBI agents, Phoenix, AZ office, originally involved in murder cover-up because of their 1971 association w/Arizona's Janet Napolitano and close FBI friend, a nationally known major league baseball star.
@dcexaminer Re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun slaying of my father---Genealogy records available from internet sources hacked re: birth and death dates of my father C. Gordon Robbins, Arizona, American military, law enforcement hackers involved!  Murder cover-up people at work
@dcexaminer Re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---Membership list exists re: Phoenix, AZ Desert Search and Rescue Team, one or more members knowlegeable of,  involved in shotgun slaying of my father C. Gordon Robbins.
@ChrisMegerian Chris, How does it feel to be 20 years older then your Twitter photo?  Something you have in common w/murder cover-up journalists of Phoenix, Arizona area like Nicole Carroll, etc!
@dcexaminer Re: Decades old Arizona murders of family members of mine---Anonymous Arizona, American law enforcement voice broadcasts heard here in Mexico screaming in english they want names already do have names, won't punish,sometimes orotecting the guilty amongst themselves!
@dcexaminer A criminal pathology typifies mentality of most retired Arizona law enforcement officers living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, other areas of Mexico, most Phoenix, AZ  police retirees, coverups of two decades old murders of my family members their main objective.
@nedprice @SecPompeo Everyone still looking for Che Guevarra's Rolex wristwatch?
@SenatorSinema Kyrsten, take time visit your homosexual-plagiarist friend at U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, using name "Cosme Lopez", 3, 4 four years ago "Press Spokesman" job experience w/Maricopa County, AZ Sheriff's Dept., expert on May 15, 1964 murder of my father
@indystar_ Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Reporters Steve Berta, Jeff Taylor, of Indianapolis Star newspaper fail to note state of Indiana population includes hundreds of persons named Robbins, very confusing for both of them!
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---numerous recent years Arizona Republic newspaper execs, staff involved murder cover-ups include efforts of identifying me, Gordon Robbins, w/newspaper staff and editor Nicole Carroll.  History to 1975.
@alansmurray Alan Murray, Have a good time at Davis!  Trump won't be there! Best regards from myself and Elena Cortez de Brun trust, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@JeffBezos Jeff,,Are you aware Glenn Kessler and his former Fact Finder employees ALEXIOS and Michelle Lee at WaPo figure in this.  Tell your new friend "Mac" Hello from me.
@dcexaminer Re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, Arizona Police involved shotgun murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins-Retired Phoenix, AZ ex- police here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico overheard bragging of their Dept's. cover-up of murder of my father.
@dcexaminer Re: Thomas Schodt involvement in March 12,.1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins----you might ask Scottsdale, AZ Police how many sons and stepsons of their regal Alanon queen Marge Schodt, Thomas Schodt's mother, were/are American or Canadian diplomats.
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---now we're back to early 1971 Phoenix when the late father of Hollywood's Steven Spielberg, by sight only from 25 feet away, misidentified my ex-wife Bette, Patrick's mother, as being Jewish.
@dcexaminer An aside-- one of interesting things re: anonymous English language voice broadcasts from American State Dept. heard by many here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico is repetition of names "Myron Furstenberg" and "Mike Flanagan", supposed residents of Phoenix, Arizona
@dcexaminer Possibility Eric Holder as Attorney General told then president Barack Obama I,  Gordon Robbins (an Anglo w/slight trace of Indian blood tracing to president Franklin Pierce), a Black man, this after Holder's Justice Dept. investigation 2010 "gunwalking scandal" in AZ
@dcexaminer In Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan in 2011 a Mexican Federal Agent believingblies re: my racial preference in women got himself and his girlfriend sucked into local Black man's plot, got absolutely nowhere. Blamed it on mistranslation of intercepted outgoing email of mine.
@dcexaminer One of those liars re: me, Gordon Robbins, given credence in early 2000's by Mexican Federal Police hierarchy in Mazatlan, Sinaloa, Mexico was child murderer Thomas Schodt, him carrying American Military I.D. and no documentation of his lies voiced there, none at all.
@dcexaminer Interesting, some Mexican Federal Police, Guadalajara, Mazatlan, Lazaro Cardenas, possibly Mexico City believed various lies re: me, Gordon Robbins, over the years, liars w/no actual proof whatsoever.  Lies of my whereabouts, love life, racial preference in women, etc
@dcexaminer Houston, Texas Police using Twitter profile of Congressman Dan Crenshaw right now wanted to find out "just what would happen" in my contacts w/that profile--now they know a little more about old murder cover-ups in Phoenix, Arizona and recent happenings in Houston.
@dcexaminer Whether you believe or don't believe this, Police out of Phoenix, AZ and Los Angeles, California w/Alcoholics Anonymous "credentials" have long term international murder cover-up involvement that  manifested itself here in Puerto Vallarta very noticeably 1998 + 2006.
@DanCrenshawTX Ask Houston, Texas Police hierarchy what criminal operative of law enforcement responsible for "Howdy Ya All" woman's voice on phone answering my two international back to back telephone calls one day nearly 22 months ago.  Murder cover-ups involved in Arizona!
@DanCrenshawTX Hello Dan Crenshaw, rumors here Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico are you dealt yourself into this international murder cover-up conspiracy at request of law enforcement in Houston, Texas "just to see what would happen".  Want to explain Nicole Carroll, Lise Olsen?
@dcexaminer Possible with Scottsdale, AZ Police exists a history of continued hidden "information only" crimes against myself Gordon Robbins, dating back to March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins and since early-mid 2000's here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX
@dcexaminer Hello Dan Crenshaw, me, Gordon Robbins, knowing nothing about phony Scottsdale, AZ double shooting in earlier years, was identified as "close friend" of one of "victims" living in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, this in 2007 done by "anonymous" English speaking liars!
@DanCrenshawTX Hello Dan Crenshaw, Scottsdale, AZ Police actually created phony double shooting murder of two young Scottsdale men about year 1989 which was well publicised nationally, both victims turning up alive years later, one in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico 2007-2013 and ?
@dcexaminer My question, why do Scottsdale, AZ and police internationally give credibility to the multitude of lies from the mouths of Thomas Schodt and his Alanon mother, Thomas Schodt provably involved in circumstances re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@dcexaminer One curiosity remains, my ex-wife Bette Jane Robbins (nee Curran) may have been turned away by Scottsdale Police officers,  one or more, in past years, her trying to file missing person report on my youngest son by her, Matthew Peter Robbins.  Maybe true,when exactly?
@dcexaminer Phoenix, AZ Police Chief Jeri Williams herself may have been manipulated into labeling May 15, 1964 home invasion murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins an "accidental shooting" shooting, Williams lied to, told I, Gordon Robbins, would accept that!  Lie by whom?
@dcexaminer Phoenix, Arizona Police headquarters officers active today may still lie behind the back, and to, Police Chief Jeri Williams just as they have done  past years, their principal murder cover-up associates retirees living and traveling here in Mexico, some for decades.
@dcexaminer Interesting, Anglo American women here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico who have never known me, Gordon Robbins, in their entire lives here now claiming themselves "old friends" of mine from region of Grant County in southwest Wisconsin!
@PoliciaFedMx American Embassy staff in Mexico City, Consulate staff in Guadalajara, Jalisco include staff who have lied internationally re: my visits to, and whereabouts in Mexico since year 1964, most spectacular lies of 1995 and since. Provable, some proof in their own records
@dcexaminer Law enforcement people in Phoenix, Arizona who in 2002 without my knowledge set up attempt to "frame" me, Gordon Robbins, as Mexican narco contact include some of those who still cover-up 1964 and 1971 Phoenix murders of my father and a son of mine respectively.
@PoliciaFedMx Delencuentes de ley Federal y Estado de Arizona, condo Maricopa Jefes usaban mio, Gordon Robbins, sin mi conozco en un gran complot internacional desde ano 2002 y Phoenix,, Arizona. ??Ellos malo mentarosos encluyen gente se mata mis papa y hijo en Phoenix, Arizona??
@dcexaminer In current criminal plot against me here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, I, Gordon Robbins, damned because I don't speak to 1995 fraud woman Gloria Whiting, her older criminal associates lie, claiming I don't recognise her, they want their romance conspiracy to succeed.
@PoliciaFedMx One Anglo American woman still here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco who was in 1998 plot to identify me, Gordon Robbins, as close friend of a Phoenix Police officer is now involved, with others, male and female, to identify me romantically w/Gloria Whiting of 1995 fraud
@dcexaminer Three American Arizona women here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, used Alcoholics Anonymous program here in April of 1998 in failed attempt to identify me, Gordon Robbins, as close friend of Phoenix, Arizona Police officer who flew in from Phoenix, part of plot.
@PoliciaFedMx Mujeres Americano aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico en ano 2018 tiene complot a connectaba mio, Gordon Robbins, a una de los mujeres Gloria Whiting, ella en complot fraudulencia contra mio en ano 1995, ref. confianza moneda y propiedad de Elena Cortez de Brun.
@PoliciaFedMx Dos Policia en Arizona, papa John "Jack" Holcomb un pensionado de policia de Phoenix y su hijo con el mismo nombre y historia con policia de Scottsdale, Arizona parte de delencuencia alli, papa Holcomb importante en programa de "Double AA" alli tambien.
@PoliciaFedMx Oficiales, pensionados y otras desde authoridades de ley de Arizona son mentarosos, ellos conozen muchos anos, mio, Gordon Robbins, benefico heir legal a confianza moneda y propiedad de Elena Cortez de Brun aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.  Mio no conozco!
@PoliciaFedMx Oficiales, no broma aqui.  Bienvenidos a el mundo en cual muchos membres de programa de "Double AA" y Alanon desde Phoenix, Arizona y sur de estado de California encluyen policia en los Estados Unidos de America y muchos membres Mexicano el mismo son los mentarosos.
@PoliciaFedMx BanComer executivos, Luis Villasenor, Dept. De Tourismo y ex-Policia de Phoenix, Arizona aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco todos parte de complot delencuencia contra mio, Gordon Robbins, dia 27 de Octubre ano 2017.  Quien viejo ellos pretenderon  executivo de BanComer?
@frank_milstead U.S. of America Federal Bureau of Investigation agents, Phoenix, AZ office involved with my former wife Bette Jane Robbins (nee Curran) since 1980's may have involved other FBI retirees in criminal conspiracy toward me, Gordon Robbins, in Mexico City in 2010-12.
@PoliciaFedMx Conoce este, anglo Thomas Schodt con sus gran amigos aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico ahorra, el no fue amigo de mio Gordon Robbins, no familia o' amigo de mama de mis hijo Patrick Robbins el y otras mataban en Phoenix, AZ en el ano 1971?
@frank_milstead Police, Scottsdale, AZ in an international fraud against me, Gordon Robbins, in 1978 w/pretensions of having notified me, Gordon Robbins, re:1977 death of Elena Cortez de Brun here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, requests of BanComer I be notified by State Bar of AZ.
@PoliciaFedMx Connie Koenan, stepdaughter of Puerto Vallarta police hero of 1960's, 70's the long deceased American John Ahern, a past director of Arizona DPS (State Police), also involved in1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, her still now aided by criminal relatives
@PoliciaFedMx Verdad, la  mujer Anglo se usaba nombre "Kathy Schodt", jefe(?) de grupo gente se mataban mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, AZ en ano 1971 en.  muchos anos despues un empleada de oficina de Abagado Federal de Los Estados Unidos en Phoenix, Arizona.  Verdad!
@PoliciaFedMx La verdad, mujer Anglo se usaba nombre "Kathy Schodt" jefe(?) de grupo mataban mid hijo Patrick Taylor Robbins en ano 1971 en Phoenix, AZ tiene complicidad del hombre Anglo Thomas Schodt, el ahorra aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@PoliciaFedMx Policia de Scottsdale, Arizona y Phoenix, AZ tienen gente mentarosos con mentiras conta mio a mis hijo Matthew Peter Robbins en anos pasada tambien, posible' uno o' mas ahorra aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, en mas o' memos el ano 1990 Policia de Scottsdale, Arizona tiene gran pretenciones dos amigos de ellos se murio pot balazos de otra gente alli, los victimas de balazos en Mexico en anos despues, uno en Zihuatanejo, Guerrero muchos anos.
@frank_milstead Federal Bureau of Investigation agents, Phoenix, AZ office, possibly very aware of Janet Napolitano's  involvement re: March 12,1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, decided to attempt to "frame" me for said murder using my ex-wife, Patrick's mother!
@frank_milstead Frank Milstead, current head of Arizona Dept. of Public Safety (State Police) apparently aware of and party to Scottsdale, Arizona Police Dept. international criminal conspiracy to discredit my, Gordon Robbins, identity here in Mexico over past two years.
@indystar_ Believe it! Arizona and American federal Law Enforcement entities have known for years, and are covering up,  real name of woman who used name "Kathy Schodt" to set up March 12,1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  Janet Napolitano also involved!
@indystar_ Federal Bureau of Investigation agents w/Phoenix, AZ office protecting, since 1971, persons involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, one of their local close friends involved in the murder a former major league baseball star  1960's
@indystar_ Believe this, my youngest son Matthew Peter (b. Arizona 1972) lied to, manipulated, by his own mother, by Scottsdale, AZ police, by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents w/Phoenix, AZ office since early 1980's, said FBI agents also manipulating Matthew's mother.
@indystar_ Believe, believe not---simple fact current entire Scottsdale, Arizona Police Department has a criminal international complicity in this that dated all the way back to a double murder that never happened in Scottsdale about 1990, Sheraton Hotel, Gainey Ranch.
@indystar_ Believe, not believe, simple fact is my ex-wife Bette Jane Robbins (nee Curran) in ongoing criminal complicity w/both retired FBI agents of Phoenix, Arizona and  woman who used name "Kathy Schodt" to set up 1971 drowning murder of her first son Patrick Robbins by me.
@indystar_ To Steve Berta and Jeff Taylor, whether or not my son Matthew Peter Robbins, born in Arizona in 1972 is still alive not the issue, your knowledge of, and criminal complicity w/past and present employees of American Consulate in Guadalajara, Mexico is now the real issue
@indystar_ Phoenix, AZ based law enforcement, prosecutorial agencies covering up knowledge of year 2014 re: Facebook profile, photo of Anglo male using name, life history of my son Matthew Peter Robbins w/wrong birth year, the phony in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in early 2013
@indystar_ Anything, absolutely anything told Indianapolis Star people coming out of Arizona Republic newspaper or Police agencies, including American Federal based in Phoenix, should be treated as suspect, especially from Nicole Carroll and her puppets at Arizona Republic.
@indystar_ Steve Berta's "extended leave" from Indianapolis Star newspaper put he and Jeff Taylor in a criminal conspiracy here in Mexico against me, Gordon Robbins, with already conspiring past and present employees of American Consulate in Guadalajara, Mexico.
@indystar_ Steve Berta and Jeff Taylor, no close native Indiana friend of Steve Berta named Matthew Peter Robbins was murdered, them covering up disappearance, possible murder of a Matthew Peter Robbins born in Arizona in 1972.
@PoliciaFedMx Executivos de BanComer, otras permitaban gente a cambiar titula de propiedad mas importante de confianza de Elena Cortez de Brun aqui, Hotel Los Cuatros Vientos de 520 Calle Matamoros en Colonia Centro de Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco.  Pot Que!
@PoliciaFedMx Officiales de BanComer y Municipal Puerto Vallarta, no conozco quien, son metarosos se dicen confianza de propiedad y moneda de Elena Cortez de Brun no existe no mas aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, Ellis usaban adultos joven en este mentira aqui!
@SecPompeo @StateDept @PMBarzani @masrour_barzani @masoud_barzani Pompeo, Are mignons at State Department still deliberately ignoring long, long history of criminal complicity against me, Gordon Robbins, by American Consulate employees in Guadalajara, Mexico?
@PoliciaFedMx Frank Milstead, Jefe de Departamiento de Seguridad Publico, Estado de Arizona conoce mombre de pensionado del mismo en Arizona se vive aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, pero el un victima contra mi lugares y identidad por Policia de Scottsdale, Aizona circa dos anos.
@PoliciaFedMx La verdad, parts de grupo de pensionados de entidades de ley en region de Phoenix, Arizona de encluyen Jefe pasada Joe Arpaio y deputados de condo  Maricopa, Arizona parte de complicidad contra mio en anos despues 2002.
@PoliciaFedMx Pensionado aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, mas o' memos cuatro anos desde Policia de Estado de Arizona con Departamiento de Seguridad de Arizona en Phoenix, Arizona es gran enmigo de mio Gordon Robbins, un hombre mi no conozco.
@PoliciaFedMx Child murderer Thomas Schodt here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco.   Him six foot, three inches tall, blonde hair, 72-73 years old, murder history goes back to 1960's, early 1970's Phoenix, Arizona where he worked with Canadian male accomplice
@MaxBoot @nedprice Hello Ned Price, How's your friend Don Price at Secret Service doing?  Is he still in contact w/Phoenix, Arizona Police Chief Jeri Williams?
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Lou Dobbs of FOX television news holding pertinent data re: history of FOX's John Roberts cover-up  involvement since 2005-07 Mexico City.
@LouDobbs Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Lou, ask John Roberts about so-called "confidential information" about me, Gordon Robbins, and deaths of my family members given his co- workers by American Embassy staff in Mexico City in 2005 and since.
@LouDobbs Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---John Roberts FOX Washington, DC White House criminally involved in cover-up since Puerto Escondido, Mexico and Mexico City, 2005 on.
@LouDobbs Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---FOX News tied to Phoenix Police Dept. murder cover-up in modern times thru both John Roberts and FOX station Television staff, Phoenix, Arizona.
@NewsHour Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Matthew "Matt" Casey major murder cover-up reporter at both Arizona Republic newspaper and PBS affiliate in greater Phoenix, Arizona area!
@PVallartaNews1 Visiting Arizona tourists offer substantial reward for location report on child murderer Thomas Schodt, call 3221003884 or 2782514.
@RBatista10 ?A Jared Rafferty of Mesa seen 11 years ago in municipio de Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in company of Blake Hardy, rumors here persist Rafferty"s body found near Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan years ago?  Comment?
@frank_milstead Frank, Remember 2007 when you as Mesa, Arizona Police Chief accidentally deputised private citizen  Jared Rafferty to lead  fugitive search in Mexico after me, Gordon Robbins----no warrants, no wants against me, no discernable criminal record?  Do you remember?
@nedprice What about returning retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers who have, lived, traveled in Mexico?  Many think them a danger financed by state of Arizona pension funds.
@DanCrenshawTX Dan, Back in 1990's an Arizona Senator, Dennis DeConcini, had them arguing over $15 million dollars worth of hot air balloons to guard the border.
@nedprice Ned Price--Hidden in Trump's approved agricultural bill--permit growing of hemp.  Anyone know what hemp is?
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Luis Villasenor, director de tourismo aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco 2017 + posible mas gran un delencuente que Joel Villasenor Solis, delito differente ref:confianza de Elena Cortez de Brun aqui.
@dannowicki Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--Dan, any new utterances from Nicole Carroll re: May 15, 1964 murder of my father and 1964 asst. night city editor Gerald Eaton?  Elderly Phoenix P.D. murder coveruppers loved Eaton's May 16, 1964 Jack West scrible
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---myself, Gordon Robbins,  guest here at Hotel Posada Iris, Colonia Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, neighborhood full of retired ex-Phoenix police liars, false claims of longtime friendship w/me.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--- False infobre: city location, home at 6101'E. Calle del Norte-simple fact two members families from Wisconsin w/ N/E patrol Phoenix Police 1971 tie to others in Phoenix  in 1960's and to 1964 murder of my father
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Two officers, northeast Phoenix Police patrol responsible area of 6101 E. Calle del Norte friends, relatives of Grant County, Wisconsin families living in Phoenix, early 1960's loose ties 1964 murder of my father
@statepress Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins----Phoenix Zoo Board of Directors. employes since 1960's who secretly gave names of major donors to Internal Revenue Service may have pocketed 50 percent IRS rewards themselves, many thousands of dollars involved!
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, uno de delitos de authoridades de ley en Arizona y Americano Federal una demanda de voz a mio, Gordon Robbins, nombres de delencuente Americanos aqui en Mexico.  Los delencuentes aqui amigos de ellos, mio "no".
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, muy posible Thomas Schodt, el mismo Anglo parte del grupo Anglo se mataban mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona en el ano 1971 un otra de los mentarosos con credibilidad con Policia aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco. Muchos de estos mentarosos existe
Are you w/State Department, Washington, DC not tired of aiding Thomas Schodt and your criminal diplomats, military under his control here in Mexico in their long term coverup of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins?  What will it take to rein them in?
@nedprice @ggreenwald @aaronjmate @MSNBC Scottsdale, AZ Police quite willingly in Kong term worship of, and in complicity w/mother of Thomas Schodt involved in 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, comprende, ahorra razon no gente con titula Abagado Federal de Los Estados Unidos de America o' Jefe de Marshals Federal de los Estados Unidos de America en Phoenix, AZ resultab de investgationes alli en mis nombre a que pass a mis papa y hijos de mio alli.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, conozco muchos anos Americano mujeres de programa Alanon en Scottsdale, Arizona y policia alli parte de complicidad de familia de Thomas Schodt contra mio, Gordon Robbins, los mismo mujeres Alanon Americanas aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, ahorra.
@PoliciaFedMx A massive criminal complicity now revealed here inside Hotel Posada Iris in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco connects to voice of mother of child murderer Thomas Schodt, him and criminal complicitors right here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@ScottsdalePD Criminal intent Scottsdale, AZ police who mollycoddle mother of murderer Thomas Schodt have lent her elderly woman's voice to criminal young people broadcasting here inside Hotel Posada Iris, Calle Lazaro Cardenas 520 here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta
@PoliciaFedMx Compania con responsibilidad producion programa viejo de television "Dos Corazons" posible parte de complicidad contra mio, Gordon Robbins, en y desde el ano 2007.  Paolo Rojas, despues con Milenio, parte otra complicidades en anos despues 2007.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Posible' Uds. conozen uno de gran poders de Guadalajara muchos anos fue el mismo anglo Thomas Schodt, el uno de grupo Anglo se mataban mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona dia doce del Marzo del ano 1971.  No sorpresa a mio, Gordon Robbins!
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, ref: 12 de Marzo, el ano 1971 cuando gente mataban mis hijo Patrick Robbins en Phoenix, Arizona---aparente Policia Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco daban credibilidad a gran mentarosos aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco desde Policia de Phoenix, Arizona. No sorpresa!
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, socios de Uds. de Policia Federt estan en complicidad internacional con delencuentes historic y ahorra: ref: Phoenix, AZ del dia dice del ano 1971 cuando Thomas Schodt y otras mataban mid hijo Patrick Robbins.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, gente Anglo "senoritos" con historia empleados Consulado de Los Estados Unidos de America en Guadalajara gran mentarosos de lugares de mio, Gordon Robbins, ref: el ano 1976.  Posible Policia aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco daban ellos credibilidad tambien!
@statepress Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---A "tidbit" of ignored nfo, my cousin Robert Robbins (Oklahoma City, Ok.)1978 "house guest"' visit w/my ex-wife Bette and their near "joint venture" visit to headquarters office of State Bar Association in Phoenix
@PoliciaFedMx Empleados de Consulado de mis pais, Los Estados Unidos de America y empleados Consulado de Canada en Guadalajara tienen gran historian de mentiras en ref: a mio Gordon Robbins, delencuente representivos de los dos aqui Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco ahorra!
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, creia, muy posible empleados diplomatico, militar con Consulado de los Estados Unidos de America en Guadalajara alli ahorra conozen que pasa en 1971 en Phoenix, Arizona cuando otra gente mataban mis hijo Patrick Robbins, pero ellos no hablaron la verdad!
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, Policia Justicia con oficinas Centro de Guadalajara alli ano 2008 victims de mentarosos de pensionados de Policia de Phoenix, Arizona alli, ref: 1964 cuando gente con escopeta mata mis papa y 1971 cuando otra genre mataban mid hijo Patrick en Phoenix, AZ.
@PoliciaFedMx Families gringo aqui en Mexico con mentiras de historia de mis, Gordon Robbins, vida desde estado de Wisconsin en Los Estados Unidos de America tienen dos ayumientos, Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero y aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco.  Ellos todos separado de mio!
@PoliciaFedMx Executivos BanComer aqui y parte de fuerza de Policia de Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco daban credibilidad a gran grupo de mentarosos de vida mio, Gordon Robbins, y mentarosos differente que los mentarosos de Canada y pensionados de Policia de Phoenix, AZ se vivieron aqui
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, no se por que, pero parte  del fuerza de Policia de Guadalajara estan en complicidad en mentiras de mis, Gordon Robbins, lugares los anos 2002 a medio ano 2007 con representivos oficiales alli desde pais de Canada, el mismo con taxistas alli desde 1996.
@nedprice Ned Price, F.Y.I., myself, Gordon Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico since Oct. 19, 2017 and guest here, room 2, Hotel Posada Iris, (Calle) Lazaro Cardenas # 520, Colonia Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, since Nov. 19, 2017.
@statepress Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--my understanding is my ex-wife Bette Jane Robbins (nee Curran) incredibly and deliberately vague in her 1980's "talks" with her Phoenix, AZ office FBI  friends re: source of our funds during our 11 year marriage.
@statepress Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Any life insurance collected on murder of my son Patrick Robbins was collected by my ex-wife Bette and her father, Peter T. Curran posing as me in 1982-83 period when I, Gordon Robbins, was out-of-state
@statepress Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Hello, student journalists at ASU, have criminally intent American FBI agents invaded your offices yet?  So they can read of their own criminal complicity w/my ex-wife Bette, Patrick's mother.
@nedprice @ggreenwald @MSNBC What about American family members of mine, two murders, my father in 1964, my son Patrick in 1971?  Do you, Ned Price, think they were deserving of their fates?
@statepress Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins----Jeff Anderson, Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico resident, in 1971 was five-year-old "before and after" criminal "pawn" of woman using name "Kathy Schodt" who set up March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick.
@statepress Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Criminal  Arizona, American Federal law enforcement voice broadcasting they want names from me have for several years had name Jeff Anderson, Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico resident, nothing done
@statepress Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murders of my son Patrick Robbins and my father Charles Gordon Robbins in 1964----you'd best take international look at ex-Arizona Dept. of Public Safety (State Police) criminal operative living, forcibly retired, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., MX
@statepress Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Also involved criminally March 12, 1971 one or more on-duty Scottsdale, AZ police and the manipulated 1971 wife of then Scottsdale City Manager Dale Carter, she soon became Carter's ex-wife.
@statepress Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Female employees, Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System, Phoenix based, criminally involved, misusing real longtime friend of mine Robert Linthicum, this since early 2006 in Phoenix, AZ.
@statepress Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Criminally intent Arizona bureaucrats who describe me, Gordon Robbins, as a "homeless mentally disturbed derelict" just another of the worst of criminal organization known as "Arizona".
@statepress Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---American FBI agents, Phoenix, AZ, longterm international criminal involvement w/the murderers and in murder cover-up in complicity w/Patrick's mother, my ex-wife Bette J. Robbins (nee Curran).
@statepress Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---ASU nursing school employee chairing 2007 student Alcoholics Anonymous meetings "prepped" by Arizona law enforcement entities to lie re:March 12, 1971 events at Scottsdale, AZ Memorial Hospital
@nedprice Ned, I, Gordon Robbins, father of Patrick Robbins murdered in Phoenix, AZ in 1971, have been here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico since October 19, 2017, no matter who tries to tell you different, including Mexican or American Federal Authorities.
@statepress Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---criminals involved include women nursing school ASU employee chairing noontime Alcoholics Anonymous student meetings 2007, Newman Center, history  goes to her 1971 nursing employment.
@ScottsdalePD Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Original criminal intent of Maricopa County Arizona Sheriff's Dept. In Phoenix, 2002 involving American Federal law enforcement to frame me, Gordon Robbins, as a contact for Mexican narcotraffickers.
@ScottsdalePD Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins---in 2002 Maricopa County Arizona Sheriff' Dept. began massive international criminal operation aimed at me, Gordon Robbins, involved American federal law enforcement at highest levels, still in progress!
@nedprice @natsecaction Morning, Ned Price, any chance you who you say you are or am I, Gordon Robbins, only real person involved?
@statepress Re: March 12, 1871 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Actress who plays Melissa Robbins on television a murder cover-up assistant to active and retired Phoenix-Scottsdale, AZ Police or a journalism student at ASU--your call!
@dcexaminer Re: Phoenix,,AZ Police coverups of murders of two members of my family---Quite seriously Warner Bros. television, movie production people, actors, criminally involved at home and here in Mexico since late 1990's Puerto Vallarta,Jalisco, Mexico and a Sherlyne Fleischer
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, encluyen con los Canadensias mentarosos contra mis, Gordon Robbins nacionalidad Americano legal, es un gran grupo empleados y socios de escuela privada "Escuela Amercano" en Centro de Guadalajara, Jalisco. Este desde el ano 1995 en otra partes de Mexico.
@PoliciaFedMx In English, possibly several thousand Canadian government reprentatives military, private Canafian citizens here in Mexico have, since 1995,tried to identify me, Gordon Robbins, a natural born American, as a "Canadian", this usually done with criminal intent.
@dcexaminer Re: Criminal misinformation campaign against me, Gordon Robbins, Canadian government agent, private citizens--in-country-Mexico Canadian criminal operatives  had long-term support of English speaking mixed-blood gangsters out of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, and Mexico City.
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---two or more active male FBI agents, Phoenix, AZ office, 1980's-2000's, hiding fact Patrick's mother, my ex-wife Bette, saw woman who set up Patrick's murder in U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix in 1986.
@dcexaminer Jon Kyl needed the $1.9 million to finance Arizona water drilling and create popular support for Blonde who ran V.A. Hospital in Phoenix, AZ.  He also needed a long vacation from Arizona's sunny skies, Washington, DC his real paradise.
@MelissaARobbins Re March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---There are ex-Phoenix, AZ Police hierarchal officers of 1971 still alive who can talk about their participation in coverup of murder of my son Patrick Robbins, just ask around!
@dcexaminer Re: Two murders of my family members, disappearance of third:  Murder cover-up "pros", possible Phoenix Police, using 2008 Arizona Bureau of Vital Statistics limited access law to coverup murder dates, my father May 15, 1964, my son Patrick Robbins, March 12, 1971.
@LAPDChiefMoore Mike, Who lead investigator circa 1977 massive Beverly Hills robbery of Lena Horne estate?  Was then officer William "Bill" McGrail in charge?  McGrail Alcoholics Anonymous and also past service w/Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. In 1980's!
@MelissaARobbins Melissa, Certain retirees of Phoenix, Arizona Police Dept. involved in cover-up of May 15th, 1964 shotgun murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins, both at home and from here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.  Possible motive---1964 Police involvement?
@MelissaARobbins Melissa, mistakes showing up in Mormon related geneology on "Tree of Life" app, example, both date and birth year, death date of Charles Gordon Robbins, my father born in Minnesota are incorrect!
@Sen_JoeManchin   U.S. Attorneys office in Phoenix, Arizona has staff who know, are withholding name of woman who set up March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  Accessory Thomas Schodt.  Others!
@dcexaminer Joe, Why are you an apoligist for someone else?
@JeffFlake Jeff, She has plans to kick Arizona out of union?
@RobbieSherwood Robbie, I'll bet you buy your ice cream cones at Dairy Queen, national franchise named for Rose Mofford.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---When I, Gordon Robbins, began work w/Arizona Republic newspaper in late Nov. 1971 I definitely did not recognise Connie Koenan, Arizona Republic employee involved in babysitter plot re: murder of my son Patrick.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Phoenix, AZ police down thru the years criminally midused Alcoholics Anonymous as tool to lie, claiming themselves longtime "close friends and associates" of me, Gordon Robbins, in Arizona and here in Mexico.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---3 Anglo American women  Alcoholics Anonymous here Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, April, 1998 part of Phoenix, AZ Police criminal plot give appearance newly arrived Phoenix police officer s "old friend of mine"
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---I, Gordon Robbins, suggest federal authorities review Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin "accidental death of journalist Mary Bach, her still young w/ 1960's, early 70's background w/Scottsdale Daily Progress in Arizona.
@TIME Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Names of writers accusatory letters toward me from Phoenix police ranks given  by Phoenix Police Chief Williams to ex-Phoenix police she thinks trustworthy here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, some are wise a---s.
@TIME Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---No doubt Thomas Schodt, pathological criminal involved in 1971 murder of my son Patrick was here in 2018, him w/some local associates in neighborhood of Mercado Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco. MX
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Because I don't follow daily, moment to moment orders of conspiring local municipal officials--ex- Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta, thru associates, using old tactic of labeling me "a homosexual".
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---At this point, I Gordon Robbins, can conclude massive international conspiracy exists between some municipal officials here Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and some wise ass retired ex-Phoenix police here
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Both FBI agents and Federal court judges in Phoenix fed mass of lies re: money possessed by myself and my now ex-wife Bette in late 1960's, lies come from descendants of my ex- wife's grandfather Joseph Keyrouse.
@PoliciaFedMx Cuando mentarosos del gobiernos de dos, tres paises son mentarosos de mis, Gordon Robbins, lugares en los anos 2002 a media del ano 2007 los mentarosos quierren Uds. a creen municipio de Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco es parte de Cd. de Guadalajara, Jalisco. Comprende?
@PoliciaFedMx Cuando mentarosos de PGR y Policia federal de Mexico no conozen identidades de mentarosos aqui en Estado de Jalisco contra mio, Gordon Robbins, es parte de complot a protectaba Anglo Americano empleados de Consulado de Los Estados Unidos de America en Guadalajara!
@PoliciaFedMx Uno o' mas empleados Consulado de mis pais, Los Estados Unidos de America en Guadalajara, parte del grupo gente se robaron casa en y circa Guadalajara, Jalisco en anos 2002 y 2003, acusaciones, mentiras contra mio, Gordon Robbins, gran complot a protectaban ellos.
@PoliciaFedMx Por que delincuentes federal Policia de Mexico aqui en Estado de Jalisco y en Monterrey, Nuevo Leon son gran mentarosos en complicidad contra mio Gordon Robbins, con empleados militar, diplomatic de Consulado de Los Estados Unidos de America Guadalajara muchos anos?
@PoliciaFedMx Delincuentes Estado de Jalisco, 2002 a media ano 2007 encluyen Policia Federal Mexico, empleados PGR de Mexico, ellos en gran complicidad de mentiras contra mio, Gordon Robbins, con mentarosos Anglo empleados de  Consulado Los Estados Unidos America en Guadalajara.
@PoliciaFedMx Criminales Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, tienen pretensiones es pueblo Puerto Vallarta circa Zihuatanejo, parte de complot y mentiras de ellos contra mio Gordon Robbins y mis lugares desde 19 de Octubre  del ano 2017, cuando mio aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@dcexaminer Re: decades old murders of my family members in Phoenix, AZ and cover-up thereof---- criminal tactics of Arizona Republic newspaper people, police agencies in Phoenix, AZ region to tell police and journalists outside Arizona they need to appear in person for info.
@PoliciaFedMx Prueba delencuentes extranjero usaban apelido de family de Suarez-Murias de BanComer, Cd. Mexico, existe en nombre de autor, Marilu Suarez-Murias Ross, de historia de Puerto Vallarta, publicacion en el ano 1995, ellos venderon muchos copias aqui en Puerto Vallarta.
@PoliciaFedMx Senores, es posible Policia de Guadalajara no practicaban a Uds. de un cuerpo de una mujer con mas o' menos 40 anod en tierra de un callejon circa Hoteles San Juan y San Jose en Guadalajara en primero parte del ano 2008, mucho otra gente alli conozen immediamente.
@scottsdaleazgov Re: well organised and financed ongoing  international criminal efforts of Scottsdale, AZ Police to discredit my identity here in Mexico past two years, how many local taxpayers dollars are being misused in their international criminal venture?
@PoliciaFedMx Re: myself Gordon Robbins, criminally intentioned Americans here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, mostly women, have created criminal conspiracy to connect me to 1995 fraud artist Gloria Whiting whom I have seen and avoided talking to here often since Dec. of 2017.
@PoliciaFedMx Much of criminal action against myself, Gordon Robbins, of Americans, others, is from Calle Francisco Madero bars, restaurants, hotels of Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, other American anglos, mostly women members of International Friends of P.V
@PoliciaFedMx Some Americans and local Mexicans here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco trying to manipulate me, Gordon Robbins, into now taking responsibility for 1995 American fraud artist Gloria Whiting here, this re: Elena Cortez de Brun estate here.
@dcexaminer Re: my, Gordon Robbins, benificio interest Elena Cortez de Brun trust here Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico---some Americans involved Phoenix, AZ cover-ups of murders of family of mine want me, Gordon Robbins, take responsibility for 1995 fraud artist Gloria Whiting
@TIME Re: Criminal charges against Phoenix, AZ police re: cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Arizona, Federal law enforcement should be more concerned w/criminal activities run from U.S. Attorney's Phoenix office and by Scottsdale, AZ Police
@PoliciaFedMx Gente Policia Federal de Mexico no conozen historia contra mio, Gordon Robbins, de delitos international por membres del grupo en Phoenix, Arizona, nombre del grupo en ingles es Phoenix Law Enforcement Association.
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---A Thomas McCauley of State Bar Association of Arizona  direct victim of Scottsdale, AZ police  efforts criminal international efforts to discredit my, Gordon Robbins, identity here in Mexico.
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins----State Bar Association of Arizona officers, employees victims ongoing criminal conspiracy of Scottsdale, Arizona Police to discredit my, Gordon Robbins, identity here in Mexico, begun nearly 2 years ago
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---curious to know if my ex-wife, Patrick's mother, in Arizona promised her long time FBI friends, older agents retired from Phoenix, AZ office,  a share of Elena Cortez de Brun trust here in Mexico if they help her
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---rumors are my greedy ex-wife, Patrick's mother, has lawyers in Mexico City trying get her a share of Elena Cortez de Brun financial and property trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@dcexaminer Houston, Texas hierarchal police knew in advance  possibilitymurder cover-ups by Phoenix, AZ police, Arizona Republic newspaper involved, this some 20 months ago when they set up "Howdy You All" response to my, Gordon Robbins, 2 international calls some 20 months ago.
@BostonGlobe Houston, Texas police hierarchy now afraid face truth of their criminal complicity re: 2 close together international calls I, Gordon Robbins, made to their headquarters some 20 months ago from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.Phoenix,AZ police murder cover-ups involved
@houstonpolice Houston, Texas Police more criminally involved than I, Gordon Robbins, believed re: my 2 close together international calls from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico some 20 months ago. Houston Chronicle reporter Lise Olsen friend Arizona Republic editor Nicole Carroll ??
@nedprice Re: overall Arizona murder cover-up plot run internationally out of Arizona and American Federal law enforcement, Arizona government offices, ask Janet Napolitano where she was night and morning of March 11-12, 1971, Ms. Napolitano an FBI Phoenix, AZ "employee" then.	.
@BostonGlobe Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---law enforcement, Maricopa Country, American Federal, mental deficient idiots who set up criminal 2002 Phoenix, Arizona plot originally designed to frame me, Gordon Robbins, as a narcotrafficker contact
@PoliciaFedMx En los recurdos de oficina alto oficial de Education del Estado Jalisco, Mexico son recuerdos de mio, Gordon Robbins por Alejandra Mejia de Los Volcanes, Jalisco, los recuerdos alli desde mas o' menos el ano 2006 o' 2007.
@PoliciaFedMx En ultimo del ano 2007, gran parte del ano 2008  muchos complicidad gente Policia federal, estado Jalisco, y gente consulados Los Estados Unidos y Canada en Mascots, Los Volcanes, y Cihuatlan (San Patricio, Melaque, Villa de Obregon,) contra mio Gordon Robbins.
@PoliciaFedMx Policia Federal de Mexico y Estados de Jalisco posible gran cobardes y mentarosod contra mio, Gordon Robbins y que pasa en los anos 2007 y 2008 en Mascota y Los Volcanes, Jalisco a Javier Mejia y su hija Alejandra de Los Volcanes, Alejandra amiga de mio muchos anos.
@Alcoholics_INTL Re: March 12, 1971Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Even some Mexican "Double AA" members, many taxi drivers here in Mexico long involved in criminal conspiracy to label me, Gordon Robbins, a "homosexual" because I don't play around w/local women.
@nedprice Re: International cover-up of 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Numerous criminal persons, including law enforcement here in Mexico, in U.S. re: in international plot label me, Gordon Robbins, a homosexual because I don't play around with local women.
@TIME Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Pensionados de Phoenix, AZ police aqui en Mexico, encluyen members de "Double AA muchos anos furiosa con mio, Gordon Robbins porque mio no son boracha con ellos en cantinas de mujeres aqui, lugares variosa en Mexico.
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Criminally intent same name grandson of John Ahern, Director of Arizona DPS (State Police), 1960's, early 70's part local criminal operation against me, Gordon Robbins, here Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX
@nedprice Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---major criminal allies to 1971 murderers of my son Patrick Robbins is modern day Scottsdale, AZ Police Department and it's headquarters officers, employees with longtime international personal involvement!
@Alcoholics_INTL Re: Arizona law enforcement cover-ups of old murders of my family,  how high up does criminal participation of Alcoholics Anonymous international officers go in  U.S. of America,here in Mexico, and out of Canada?  New York International AA office?
@BostonGlobe Curious, Globe, have criminally intent murder cover-up retired Phoenix, AZ police, others w/Arizona law enforcement, Arizona Republic newspaper sent messages or called you to discredit my, Gordon Robbins, publicly display Tweets to your newspaper yet?
@nedprice For four years prior to October, 2017 I was in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico with 2015 side trips to Phoenix, Arizona. Criminally intent Zihuatanejo people also, even now, trying  to identify me, Gordon Robbins, with their resident ex-Arizona law officers and fugitives.
@partlowj Any chance Peter Holley,  Washington Post writer and self-styled expert on March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, someone you might have run across here in Mexico?
@JoshNBCNews NBC news people, home offices lied to, told my, Gordon Robbins, emails to them re: Arizona law enforcement cover-ups, 1964 Phoenix, murder of my father; 1971 Phoenix murder of son of mine work of retired Phoenix, AZ police officers here in Mexico pretending to be me.
@nedprice Ned, one of major criminal tactics of Phoenix, AZ ex-police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco and other regions of Mexico, including their Alcoholics Anonymous members, even in Arizona, has been their lieing claims to be "longtime friends and associates" of mine!
@nedprice Ned, continuing my private Twitter emails to you, when I, Gordon Robbins, arrived here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico by bus Oct. 19, 2017 a well organised plot set up by ex-Phoenix, Arizona police, others, already existed to discredit my identity and denigrate me!
@HuffPostCanada A disgraced Canadian athlete of 1960's involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins soon showed up in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico where he spent 12 years as Athletic Trainer at the private American School there!
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---a former resident of  east Phoenix, AZ neighborhood around 61st Place and Called del Norte, Thomas Schodt involved in murder of my son Patrick Robbins, missed opportunity to claim he fathered Connie Koenan child
@dannowicki Anyone from Arizona Republic newspaper have records on myself, Gordon Robbins and 1960's-70's era spokesman Joseph Sparks who claimed affiliation w/Arizona Congressman John Rhodes, Sparks supposedly an Arizona lawyer?
@partlowj Josh, Believe it!  One of first Alcoholics Anonymous members I, Gordon Robbins, ever talked to in Phoenix, AZ (Crossroads Inc.) 1983 turned out to be undercover F.B.I. agent claiming he'd spent 20 years in prison for murder!
@dannowicki Dan, A retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police officer who imagines himself to be Randy Coombs, ex-Phoenix P.D. officer lives here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico,  Twitter account!
@JeffFlake Jeff, Arizona Bureau of Statistics refuses to release any records on you--same at Arizona Historical Society.  Nowicki at Arizona Republic guarantees your existence?
@JeffFlake Congratulations on your retirement!  At least you were not the one at swearing in wearing a pink dress.  Mesa, Arizona police chief knows who you are?
@BostonGlobe Gannett Corp. exits as Arizona Republic newspaper landlord w/ $38 million dollar real estate sale of Arizona Republic newspaper headquarters building in Phoenix.
@StateDeputySPOX @StateDept State Department aware U.S. Consul in Guadalajara, Mexico seldom seen in public.
@mattzap Arizona judges, lawyers, Scottsdale, Phoenix Police,  others w/sleepless nights wondering how I found out my 1977 divorce from Bette J. Robbins (nee Curran) was legalised in 1984 in Maricopa County, Arizona Superior Court.  Some want State Bar Assoc. Arizona investigated
@mattzap Re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins---		Article May 16, 1964 Arizona Republic not written by Republc's police reporter Jack West, writer a Gerald "Jerry" Eaton, publisher Eugene Pulliam's common law son-in-law asst.night city editor
@mattzap Re: May 15, 1964 shotgun murder of my father---Phoenix, AZ Police up most of night at shooting scene later on May 16, 1964 turned in written report that my father probably murdered, told at Police H Q. Arizona Republic newspaper "already solved" the shooting for them.
@mattzap Re: May 15, 1964 shotgun murder of my father, full name Charles Gordon Robbins--		lazy Phoenix, AZ police (no joke) used early May 16, 1964 A.M. Arizona Republic article quoting unnamed Phoenix Police saying my father's death "a suicide" as excuse not to investigate it.
@phoenixpolice Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Who of your headquarters staff ignored Phoenix Police Chief Jeri Williams 2017 orders, continuing international contact w/ex-officers here in Mexico who's messages often denigrated me, Gordon Robbins
@Alcoholics_INTL Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---In 2006 some Phoenix, AZ and Los Angeles police retirees here in state of Jalisco, Mexico used Alcoholics Anonymous as base tool to mock and criticise me, Gordon Robbins, re: Patrick's 1971 murder.
@Alcoholics_INTL Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco,  Mexico some local, regional Alcoholics Anonymous members  years still believe and promote numerous false assumptions re: my, Gordon Robbins, 2005-06 whereabouts.
@Alcoholics_INTL Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---In order to cover-up possible involvement of some Phoenix, AZ police in Patrick's drowning murder, AA affiliated Phoenix police tried attributing his death to my then non-existant "alcoholism".
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Here in Puerto Vallarta Anglo elderly male, admitted Alcoholics Anonymous ties, possibly retired Arizona law enforcement, tries several times daily by anonymous English voice to make joke of the murder.
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Thomas Schodt's being at my son's drowning, another in same east Phoenix, AZ area in early 1970's, his mother's involvement in yet another drowning there in 1968 indicates a serial murder situation.
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Nicole Carroll, Arizona Republic newspaper, Gannett Corp., has led whole pack international known newspaper, Television, journalists onto a murder cover-up path.  Provable Peter Holley, WaPo involvement
@CBSLA Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---some of America's most prominent journalists a pack of murder cover-up people led by former Arizona Republic editor Nicole Carroll and criminal accomplices w/Gannett Corp, among others, east coast-west coast
@Vallartatoday Re:1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---My sympathies on 2025 cancerous death of editor Wayne McLeod, myself told only 15 months ago by McLeod friend Tom Ash over phone.  Tears, tears, tears+
@DailyCaller Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--- Eric Holder may have withheld information on murder of my son Patrick found in files of U.S. Federal Attorney's offices in Phoenix, AZ when AG's peopl searched those files re 2010 gun walking scandal.
@TIME Re: two Arizona murders of family of mine, disappearance of a third---Twitter now being flooded w/phony profiles to facilitate Phoenix, AZ Police, FBI cover-up of past murders, related crimes m
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---seems all my legal ex-wife Bette, Patrick's mother has to do is say she's still in love with me--city and state law enforcement officials, Phoenix area, even federal judge or two "sit up, bark for her".
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---illegal acts of United States of America Federal Courts in Phoenix, AZ re: New York estate of  Joseph Keyrouse who died in 1972, giving my ex-wife's attorney pre-2010 period special officercourt status.
@PVallartaNews1 Re: Two Arizona murders of family of mine, disappearance of third----never mind what you are told by others here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, it is known they will cover-up the truth about anything involved in this matter just "for the fun of it".
@maryjpitzl Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---any chance Twiiter profile re: Mary Jo Pitzel, old time Arizona Republic writer, a tool put up by Arizona Republic newspaper involved in murder cover-up re: my son Patrick Robbins.  Ask Randy Lovely.
@VallartaDaily Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Connie Koenan, Arizona Republic writer used by woman "Kathy Schodt" as one of two babysitters March 11-12, 1971 in murder plot a stepdaughter of the late John Ahern, 1960's, early 70's head of AZ DPS
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---criminal law enforcement filth in Phoenix, AZ area know real identity woman who used name "Kathy Schodt" in setting up murder of my son Patrick, her another childhood friend of Thomas Schodt-walks free!
@BostonGlobe Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Connie Koenan, Arizona Republic newspaper journalist involved as one of two babysitters March 11, 12, 1971 a childhood friend of criminally involved Thomas Schodt, one of group involved in the murder conspiracy.
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Lisa Page' s integrity too small to slide under James Comey's comedy tent. Try Scottsdale, AZ attorney Richard Campana's hospitality tent of 1978 opened to some Scottsdale, AZ police officers. BanComer
@dcexaminer Re:  Two Arizona murders of my family members, a third missing--two sportswriters, Arizona Republic newspaper late Nov. 1971 though it "funny" because I, Gordon Robbins, didn't recognise Connie Koenan as one of two babysitters involved March 12, 1971. 2 Schodt friends
@mattzap Re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, Arizona shotgun murder of my father-- Matt Zapotosjy, what you may hold re: Death of A Father, Death of  Son", introduction contains names important overall criminal matter, Anonymous voice transmittal very real here Mexico. From Gordon Robbins.
@HoustonChron Re: two Arizona murders of my family members, disappearance of a third--- two of most historically criminally intent entities toward me, Gordon Robbins, U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, and Arizona Republic newspaper.  Easily provable!  Ask Nicole Carroll.
@HoustonChron Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Chronicle reporters might ask Houston Police Dept. headquarters hierarchy who suckered them into  international telephone conspiracy at me, Gordon Robbins some 19 months ago, part of murder cover-up.
@TIME Re: Two murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third---If Time Magazine turns/turned signed accusatory toward me, Gordon Robbins, written letters of Phoenix police over to FBI those letters still in hands of law enforcement agency criminally intent toward me.
@TIME Re: Two Arizona murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third---heavy two, three country murder cover-up activities of Alcoholics Anonymous members can be originally traced to both Phoenix, AZ police at home in Phoenix and American Embassy staff, Mexico City
@TIME Re: Two Arizona murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third---For your info,, I, Gordon Robbins am at Hotel Posada Iris, Calle Lazaro Cardenas 520, room 2. Colonia Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, here in Puerto Vallarta since Oct. 19, 2917
@TIME Re: two Arizona murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third---Do Time Magazine editors of today know Cynthia Buchanan I, Gordon Robbins lunched w/at her Mexico City home Nov. 4, 1964 Cynthia Buchanan who's book "Maidens" favorably reviewed by Time in 1960's?
@TIME Re: Two Arizona murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a rhird--- One of American Federal law enforcement Agencies dispensing false data about me, Gordon Robbins, is FBI, another the U.S. Federal Marshals, a third the U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona.
@TIME For your information, Time magazine I, Gordon Robbins, have not been in Guadalajara or Zapopan, Jalisco, Mexico in several years, not in Mexico City since Oct. 3rd, 2012 except for one overnight in late May, 2015.  You kiss the ___ of criminals you sometimes get the label.
@HoustonChron Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--- Have your Chronicle reporters, executives, especially Liz Olsen, enjoyed your recent years criminal collusion w/same at Arizona Republic newspaper in Phoenix, AZ covering up above said murder.
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third---retired, ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico still today promoting their  Gordon Robbins our "old friend and associate" lies, lies, lies!
@TIME Re: two murders of my family members, disappearance of a third--- Scottsdale, AZ Police,  obviously making criminal  use of whereabouts of my missing youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (b. 1972, Arizona) in international criminal conspiracy against myself, Gordon Robbins.
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---rumors are ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico claim Scottsdale Police more involved in covering up 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins than their own  headquarter officers.
@dcexaminer Re: March 12,_1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---must have scared s--t out of Scottsdale,,AZ Police Depy headquarters people to realise they, in years 2017 and prior, had ignored FAX's, emails, and voice calls from me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico.
@dcexaminer Re: Phoenix Police and murders of my family members in Arizona--- Phoenix, AZ hierarchal headquarters officers staff for years in contact w/retirees in Mexico undercutting current Phoenix  Police Chief Jeri Williams possibly past chiefs Joseph Yahner and Daniel Garcia
@TIME Phoenix, AZ Police have had hierarchal headquarters staff in criminal collusion with thei retirees here in Mexico for years, undercutting Current Phoenix, AZ Police Chief Jerri Williams since July, 2016, may have done same to former chief Joe Yahner, Daniel Garcia in past..
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins and involvement of his mother, my former wife Bette, since 1976 w/Gordon Harlan Black in Arizona a subject criminally intent American FBI agents afraid to deal with, Black a privileged informant to law enforcement.
@dcexaminer For past decade or more, criminal intent American Federal Bureau of Investigation hierarchy, field agents have sought public records on myself, Gordon Robbins, others like Heberleins of Los Angeles, Calif. since  1960's, FBI friends  my ex-wife criminally involved.
@TIME Time Magazine editors may know that two or more past and present criminally intent Phoenix, Arizona police who wrote accusatory letters about myself, Gordon Robbins, re: deaths my family members in Phoenix, AZ since 1960's, mennow living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX
@TIME Please release publicly the names and contents of accusatory toward me, Gordon Robbins, signed letters re: three Phoenix AZ deaths of my family members sent your magazine in past years by criminally intent past and present officers of Phoenix, Arizona Police  Department.
@dcexaminer Re: Two Phoenix, AZ murders of my family members, disappearance of a third--Expect yourselves to be regaled with criminal accusations against me, Gordon Robbins, re: Oct. 5, 1961 cancer death of my mother Mary B. Robbins, frim Phoenix,, AZ police past and present!
@PoliciaFedMx two Anglo men named Thomas Schodt involved here in Mexico, one older Canadian born fugitive from Arizona, the other his younger American  criminally involved stepson Thomas Schodt, both w/ pre-year 1969 history in Phoenix, Arizona traceable legally.
@dcexaminer Re: Two Phoenix, AZ murders of my family members, disappearance of a third--english language staffs of both CNN and FOX Television news involved criminally against me, Gordon Robbins, in Mexico City, elsewhere, since 2007, thanks to collusive staff at American Embassy
@dcexaminer Re: Two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of third---U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ I criticise today involved in 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins, 2010 "gun walking" scandal of 2010 that resulted in murder of Border Patrol agent
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--Numerous criminally intent efforts to identify myself, Gordon Robbins, as employee of American Embassy, Mexico City, or American Consulate, Guadalajara made by outsiders as well as American entity staff
@PoliciaFedMx In English ---in year 2006 Mexico's police at every level in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon victimised by combination of lies re: me, Gordon Robbins, this by staff of American Consulate in Guadalajara, JAL. and Canadian consul re: Canadian-born Arizona fugitivr Thomas Schodt
@StateDept Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Phoenix, AZ police involved in cover-up still living, some retired here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, others in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.  Some here never knew of headquarters officer cover-up.
@MittRomney Mitt, Because of your absence from Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, your interests in Hotel Los Arcos and Condos de Mismaloya have been reassigned to me, Gordon Robbins, legal beneficio heir to estate of Elena Cortez de Brun
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins:  American Embassy staff and/or others apparently misidentified or invented a same name "cousin" of mine from "Florida".  Have a Happy!
@SecPompeo @StateDept @ernestofaraujo Ernesto Fareujo, not someone I, Gordon Robbins, know.  Have a good day!  Myself in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico since Oct. 19, 2017.  There is no Gordon Robbins in Mexico City.
Paladino, What makes you write so much? Pompro's trips well publicised by news media!
@RudyGiuliani Rudy, American Embassy, Mexico City staff asked me tell you how amused they get when an American calls, gives his name, and asks if there are any outstanding warrants for his arrest.  To avoid unpleasentries staff trained to say "yes"!  Felix Ano Nuevo!
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Names of two FBI agent Phoenix, AZ office involved in 1983-1990 contributing to delinquency of minors acts near Scottsdale's Chapparral High reported to police by my now missing youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins.
@MSNBC Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Scottsdale, AZ Police avoid my emaied questions of recent years re: my Matthew Peter Robbins, at same time in contact w/my son Gordon Christopher and part of international plot to discredit me, my identity here in Mexico
@MSNBC Re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C.Gordon Robbins--some cousins of mine living in Pacific northwest region have curious interest in cover-up of 1964 murder of my father, them also descendants of my paternal Robbins great grandparents buried at Cottage Grove,Oregon
@ScottsdalePD Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Not now but months ago, the criminal reign of Thomas Schodt and your criminal accomplice, his mother, Marge Schodt, ended, she also involved in lies re: March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@Fahrenthold David, say "Hello murderer's helper" to Washington Post Writer's Group member who uses name Peter Holley,  ask Dan Balz why Holley will understand if you tell him this message is from Gordon Robbins.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--finally, after near 48 years, here in Puerto Vallarta Jalisco comes an end to the criminal reign of Thomas Schodt's lies surrounding his involvement in the March 12, drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Thomas Schodt, American here now in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX has successfully lied for years re: every aspect of mine and Patrick's mother lives before and since his involvement in murder of my son Patrick.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---employees at Scottsdale Memorial Hospital actually permitted one of murder complicitors, Thomas Schodt, to take charge of events re: myself and Patrick's mother, Bette at hospital afternoon of  March 12, 1971.
@PoliciaFedMx Amercano Gordon Strachen, uno de empleados muy importante de Consulado de Los Estados Unidos de America en Guadalajara, fue uno de gente en los montanas y en Mascots, Jalisco en primero parte del ano 2008, no veo el en Los Volcanoes, Jalisco en Marzo del ano 2008.
@PoliciaFedMx Parte de delincuencia del ano 2008 en montanas de Jalisco oeste de Guadalajara en y circa Mascota consistaban de aciones y mentiras de Anglo Americanos, ellos desde Consulado de Los Estados Unidos de America en Guadalajara.
@PoliciaFedMx Thomas Schodt, el mismo mentaroso en Mazatlan, parte de complicided cuando gente Anglo mataban mis hijo nino Patrick Robbins, hace muchos anos en Phoenix, AZ 12 dia de Marzo del ano 1971.
@PoliciaFedMx No sabe por que jefes de Policia Federal en Mazatlan, Sin. en el ano 2004-O5 creen mentiras de historia de mis vida y amores de mio, Gordon Robbins, desde un otra gente Amercano con nombre Thomas Schodt, mentiras sin evidencia o' papeles de prueba.
@PoliciaFedMx Interesante, pensionados de Policia de Phoenix, Arizona encluyen fugitivo amigos Anglo con propiedad immediante oeste de Hotel Esmelda en Colonia Centro de Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero y oeste de Ave. José Maria Moralos Notre y atras el Pemex circa Ave Cinco de Mayo
@PoliciaFedMx Policia de estado, Jalisco, uno o' mas parte de in complot delencuencia historico contra familia Javier Mejia en Los Volcanoes, Jalisco, Mexico en ultimo del mes de Marzo, el ano 2008.  No se que pass a Javier Mejia despues??
@PoliciaFedMx Gente del periodico Engle's, Mexico News Daily, ayumiento Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, tienen empleado reportero anglo, un delencuente con confianza de Policia en Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico muchos anos!  La verdad.
@MSNBC Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---an agent Jessup, most recent name known to me of FBI's Phoenix, AZ office, may be key to long term murder cover-up activities out of that office since, and possibly before 1971.  Retired agents my ex-wife's friends.
@MSNBC Re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---a criminal piece of s--t retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police officer here in Mexico for years known Taylor middle name of my murdered son Patrick Robbins, has made it an issue in Phoenix, AZ police cover-up of murder!
@MSNBC Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--Criminally intent FBI agents of Phoenix, AZ office, now dead or retired,  much more criminally intent than I, Gordon Robbins, could have guessed and should have realised long ago, friends of my ex-wife,Patrick's mother
@HuffPostCanada Canadian government in-country-Mexico has had a decidedly criminal involvement in old Arizona murder cover-ups here since 1995, their official representatives here lieing continually in criminal efforts to label American me, Gordon Robbins, "a Canadian".
@MSNBC Re: Canadian 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins--well known 1960's Canadian baseball player wearing medical clothes, was accomplice March 12, 1971 to American Thomas Schodt, both involved that afternoon at nearest hospital to east Phoenix Scottsdale Memorial
@dcexaminer Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins---Involvement , successive generations, certain FBI agents, Phoenix, AZ office, from 1970's on covering up said murder causes me to ask if American FBI itself had agents involved in 1971 murder of Patrick
@Phoenix Re: 1971 Phoenix, Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins---city of Phoenix, AZ communications specialists in years 2008-12 worked very hard to destroy or divert away from Phoenix Police Dept. my evidentiary information emails I sent from here in Mexico
@ScottsdalePD Re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police have worked very hard to fool people into thinking 1971 residential address of 6101 East Called del Norte was not legally inside city of Phoenix, AZ in 1971, which it was!
@MSNBC Re: 1971 Arizona mutder of my son Patrick Robbins, Peter Holley, one of names used by a brilliant journalist w/Washington Post Writer's Group, actually believes city of Phoenix, AZ is in state of Oregon.
@MSNBC Are you people enjoying misery of those at Washington Post holding partial written history of May 15, 1964 Phoenix, Arizona shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins?  Cover-up courtesy Phoenix, AZ Police.
@BostonGlobe Bob Haldeman's last book has reference to a November 12, 1970 Luis Echeveria of Mexico visit to Nixon White House that never happened, indirect ties to Robert Mardian and March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  Echeveria not there, my letter was
@realBobWoodward Bob, Do you remember John Ehrlichman's son and Martha Mitchell, are you haunted by the old days, Harry Robbins "Bob" Haldeman, Kitty Kelly?  "Pat, Pat, Pat"
@Fahrenthold David, How does it feel to be part of murder cover-up clique ay Washington Post newspaper, ref: C. Gordon Robbins, May 15, 1964, Patrick Robbins, March 12, 1971?  "Peter Holley" your good buddy?
@dcexaminer Re: Two Phoenix, AZ murders of my family members, disappearance of a third:  continuation on Frank Kowalski, retired Phoenix, AZ office who may have murdered in San Patricio, Jalisco, MX sometime after being seen talking July 11, 2009 w/me, Gordon Robbins, there.
@dcexaminer Re: Two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third:  Frank Kowalski, Phoenix, AZ police squad car driver in my May 16, 1964 "shotgun meeting" w/3 Phoenix officers, may have been murdered by blow to head in 2009 in San Patricio, Jal., MX
@dcexaminer Re: Two Phoenix, Arizona murders of family members, disappearance of a third:  In each crime, law enforcement, Arizona and American Federal law enforcement has had a major criminal involvement, either in the murders or the immediate cover-ups that followed.
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of my family, disappearance of a third:  Thomas Schodt, American military man involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins  here now in Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mexico, obviously protected by retired local Police.
@dcexaminer Mentally ill persons at Trump White House some twenty months ago actually turned my accurate internally directed messages re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father to lower grade primary students at school associated w/White House.
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of my family members, disappearance of a third:	Several staff Washington Post, Glenn Kessler, ex-Michelle Lee, others hold description of my "shotgun meeting" w/Phoenix, AZ police afternoon May 16, 1964, day after murder of my father.
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third:  in early emails to Ann Birmingham Scheele I referred to my ex-wife Bette, mother of my son Patrick Robbins as being insious, guess FBI agents of Phoenix, AZ office really ate up her s--t
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of my family members, disappearance of a third:		 Best you ask CNN's Mexico City staff, English language side, when and why they got involved in international cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of my family, disappearance of a third:  Arizona, American Federal law enforcement demand names from me, get names that include their immediate associates, obvious why they do nothing! Only in Arizona, old saying between Tom Sanford myself
Criminal matter re: Mexico City, When American Embassy, Mexico City, began hiring Americans off streets of Mexico City in early 2000's they soon wound tied to a gangster group of mostly younger men deeply involved in covering up 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family of mine, disappearance of a third:  I name criminals involved in above crimes and murderers helpers w/Arizona law enforcement, American FBI, U.S. Federal Marshals, do not do one goddamned thing.  Factual, provable, obvious!
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third:  For many years here in Mexico, all I hear from criminal Arizona law officers, American Federal agents are anonymous voice demands I name criminals involved, they themselves the criminals
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, a third missing:  FBI agents, Phoenix, AZ will forever rue 1970's day they "assumed" friend of theirs, ex-major league baseball "star" living in east Phoenix wasn't involved, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third:  Washington Post's Glenn Kessler, ALEXIOS of Kessler's pasr staff, a Peter Holley, Marty Baron's name misused by them, Dan Balsz knows some of it, thinks it all involves a Michelle Lee.
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine: disappearance of a third:  criminally arrogant Washington Post journalists sit up there, how skillfully they avoided their recent years guilt regarding cover-up of March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third:  U.S. Federal Attorney's office, Phoenix, AZ direct  involvement of current inside staff in both latter crimes.  Involvement in Patrick's 1971 murder, cover-up since the 1970's.
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third:  FBI agents, Phoenix, AZ involved covering up for a "friend" involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, still in relationship w/Patrick's mother, Bette.
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of third:  hidden criminal motive of Phoenix, AZ office FBI agents, my ex-wife 1980's since, try frame me in March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, cover-up begun by FBI in 1970's.
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third: FBI agents, Phoenix office, involved in telephone harassment of me, Gordon Robbins, since 1983 in Phoenix area, one or more involved w/my ex-wife Bette, mother of my murdered son Patrick.
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third, FBI agents of Phoenix, AZ agents became involved in personal telephone harassment of me when I returned to Phoenix from Oklahoma in 1983, stupids making said calls from Phoenix FBI office
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third.  Criminal involvement of FBI agents, Phoenix, AZ in cover-up of March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins relates both to Janet Napolitano and to an ex-major league baseball "star".
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third, my ex-wife Bette Jane Robbins (nee Curran), mother of my sons (Patrick murdered 1971, Gordon Christopher, and missing Matthew Peter), was catered to by FBI agents Phoenix, 1980's, (still?
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of my family members and disappearance of a third, Janet Napolitano, governor of Arizona before 200, apparently behind criminal conspiracy of women employees at Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System to label me incompetent and senile.
@dcexaminer Re: two Phoenix, AZ murders of family members of mine, disappearance of a third, Federal Bureau of Investigation agents of Phoenix, AZ office, associates of Janet Napolitano, 1970's drew FBI nationally in cover-up March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer Re: Two Phoenix, AZ murders of my family members, disappearance of a third, Arizona law enforcement agencies, local, regional, state, even Federal Bureau of investigation, all criminally involved, some since 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon "Pat" Robbins.
@dcexaminer Re: Phoenix, AZ Police cover-up of May 15, 1964 murder of my father C.Gordon Robbins, Farm family members from southwestern Wisconsin, some w/history of service w/Phoenix, AZ police in early 1960's and since now criminally active here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, criminally intent persons, possibly FBI nationally, illegally protecting retired criminal FBI agent, John Lewis, in charge of Phoenix, Arizona office 2008, possible both murder and murder cover-up involved.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, my former wife Bette Jane Robbins (new Curran), Patrick's mother, first met FBI agents,Phoenix, AZ office Feb., 1976 at home immediately west of then Harlan Black home on Stallion Road in Town of Paradise Valley, AZ
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, JOHN LEWIS, FBI Agent in Charge, Phoenix, AZ office April 7, 2008 attack on me, Gordon Robbins, later bragged early close association W/ROBERT MUELLER, former FBI director now in charge of Russian trump investigation
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, FBI agents involved in 1983-1990 contributing to delinquency of minors near Chaparral High in Scottsdale, AZ tried pass crimes off as joke, may have since disappeared (murdered?) my younger son Matthew Peter Robbins.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Active duty Scottsdale, AZ police, 1983-90 have names of two FBI agents involved in contributing to delinquency of minors near Chaparral High School, informally reported by my now missing son Matthew Peter Robbins.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, FBI agents, Phoenix, AZ office, 1980's known by Scottsdale, AZ Police got away with contributing to delinquency of minors near Chaparral High School, FBI agent crimes then possibly covered up by later murder.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, John Lewis, Special Agent In Charge of FBI office in Phoenix, AZ ultimately responsible for April 7, 2008 uniformed FBI security guard attack on me, Gordon Robbins, at their office.
@FBIWFO In ongoing sex scandals women make money, men get in trouble.  FBI Phoenx, male agents lost homes while investigating mortgage scandal--see  retired agent Frank Howarwith(Sp?)
@dcexaminer Strange, Could Washington Post hackers hacked major newspapers in U.S. Guardian has news story on matter out of Lindon, omits Washington Post name.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Holder may have found older 1970's separate file w/my name in it in records given him by U.S. Attorney's office Phoenix, AZ after 2010 Arizona murder of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry records wiithheld from Congress.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Eric Holder, Obama's Attorney General, familiar with my name since his 1962 days as a street cop in Minneapolis, Minnesota now knows I'm not a Black man, ask him why?
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, American Embassy staff, Mexico City who misidentified me in 2007 are longtime staunch supporters of Alcoholics Anonymous, may be criminal influence in long range "moral"' support to AA here Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, M
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, the Arizona Real Estate Department has 2005-07 records on my missing son Matthew Peter Robbins whose salesman's license expired in 2007.  If still alive, he is well hidden.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, there came a time, if I understand completely, my former wife Bette tried to report my youngest son by her, Matthew Peter Robbins, a missing person, only to have the Scottsdale officer refuse to take a report
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, in 1974 Michael Frost, baptismal godfather to my son Patrick, qualified for  Phoenix Leadership Workshop, an annual affair putting him in ongoing contact with some of Phoenix, AZ areas now and past prominent citizens.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, About day of my 2006 meeting w/Ms. Pervez at old Chase Bank of Arizona branch on University Dr. in Tempe, Ms. Pervez sent international messages to some BanComer branches here in Mexico denigrating my mental capacity.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Seema Pervez,Chase Bank of Arizona,Tempe, AZ involved thinking me, Gordon Robbins, mentally handicapped because of way my power of attorney MISinterpreted, Ms. Pervez also angry my student loan negotiated down to 0.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, stupid me, Gordon Robbins, in 1971 gave Michael Frost power of attorney to handle minor matters such as my writing income while traveling Mexico This interpreted by both Ms. Pervez and Frost as a "legal guardianship".
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins,  same bank executive Seema Pervez close social friend of same criminally intent FBI agents of Phoenix, AZ office because of work associate married to male FBI agent Jessup, inc: Jana Munro, John Lewis, (Robert Bryant?
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Seema Pervez, Chase Bank of Arizona executive was, in 2001 period, told by Tempe, AZ contractor Michael Frost, Patrick's godfather, no such drowning of a son mine  happened, later told Ms. Pervez he "forgot about it".
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Chase Bank of Arizona exec. Seema Pervez's name comes up recent years, criminally intent young people in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico past six years claimed via internet Pervez a phony name, or really Perez.
@DanCrenshawTX Dan, Re: Washington Post's international recent participation in cover-up of 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, try tweeting me, Gordon Robbins, at this, my regular account that I follow you on.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, certain well known American journalists Clay Chandler, Fortune magazineTime Inc., Jason Meisner Chicago Tribune hold info from me on both the estate fraud and murder cover-ups, replete w/a few minor errors on my part.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, another criminal journalist involved w/Gloria Whiting estate fraud since 1995 is Sean Godfried, an owner of English language weekly Guadalajara Reporter newspaper, a man I still wish I could consider a "good friend".
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico past year some older American Anglo community men and women have lied openly, set up criminal plots to discredit me re: criminal fraud artist Gloria Whiting and her accomplices
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, because of a early evening March 13, 1971 conversation re: Patrick's death between Elena Cortez de Brun and Arizona DPS (State Police) Director John Ahern, Ahern was banned from Elena's Hotel Los Quatros Vientos here.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Unaware of my position re: Elena Cortez de Brun estate and here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MXin 1995, I fell victim to massive estate fraud committed by American Gloria Whiting and 4 other women, Whiting still here.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, I neved notified of my position as sole beneficio heir to Elena Cortez de Brun estate by State Bar Association of Arizona officials as requested by BanComer executives in 1978, hence criminal fraud setups in motion.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Elena Cortez de Brun of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico who had cared for Patrick as a baby in 1970, died here in 1977, naming me, Gordon Robbins, born American citizen, sole beneficio heir to her massive estate here
@dcexaminer Retired Arizona law enforcement, ex-Phoenix and active duty officers on vacation have no legal police status here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco or anywhere else in Mexico unless local police "gift" them such status although some pretend  "police status" here in Mexico.
@dcexaminer Same subject, different murder, Phoenix, AZ Police who covered up May 15, 1964 shotgun murder of my father never friends of mine, their claims of friendship designed in much earlier years, more recent years simply try involve me in their coverup of murder of my father
@dcexaminer Pat McGreevy, a former Los Angeles Times reporter, if still alive, will tell you about the criminal influence of Heberlein family w/The Los Angeles Times and quite possibly, the Los Angeles, Calif. Police department in recent and long past years, some via AA contacts.
@dcexaminer You may as well tell Christopher Wray my missing younger son Matthew Peter Robbins may have been disappeared or murdered by same older agents of Phoenix, AZ FBI office involved in cover-up of 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins, "friends" to mother of both my sons.
@dcexaminer Two people closest to me in earlier years, Patrick's mother Bette and Michael Frost of Tempe, Arizona have illegally profited financially off the March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, first born son of my marriage to Bette Curran.
@dcexaminer Recent message re: Christopher Wray came from me, Gordon Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico since Oct. 19, 2017, ask Wray to start questioning Lisa Page re: my earlier messages 2016 to Comey at FBI headquarters.
@dcexaminer Please give copies to FBI officials in Washington, D.C. at your discretion, tell Christopher Wray proof lon exists of my charges of murder cover-up by FBI agents, Phoenix, AZ and other FBi agents re: criminal involvement cover up 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer John Leonardo, ex-U.S. Attorney in Arizons held record of phone calls made re: March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins, proving criminal complicity of outside people i.e.calls to Arizona Republic newspaper from home N/E corner Calle del Norte the week before.
@dcexaminer Be careful, Criminal involved American military, FBI, others playing games w/telephone records, dates of calls in months after 1976 murder of Arizona Republic reporter Don Bolles via voice broadcast heard here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico just now!
@dcexaminer Warning, Criminally intent FBI agents who set up pre-planned FBI security guard attack on me, Gordon Robbins April 7, 2008 in Phoenix, AZ soon bragged of contacts at American Consulate in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico to me, Gordon Robbins by voice  message transmittal
@dcexaminer The late Robert Goldwater, brother of late Senator and 1964 Republican presidential candidate Barry Goldwater, also ties to same Joseph Martori of San Blas, Nayarit and "Hobo Joe's" restaurant chain in greater Phoenix, Arizona area of 1960's,  70's.
@dcexaminer Joe Martori from Phoenix, Arizona w/family, restaurant in San Blas, Nayarit, Mexico suspected by some as Arizona's Mexico contact re: criminal Arizona medical experiments and related criminal plots of 2005-06, connects to Herbert Lowery of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX.
@dcexaminer Peggy Goldwater Bentley, a daughter of Sen. Barry Goldwater, 1964 Republican presidential candidate, made a screaming lunatic of herself in public trying to identify me, Gordon Robbins with Joseph Martori from Phoenix in year 2000 here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX.
@dcexaminer Mexico News Daily has staff  criminally involved in this at home in Puerto Escondido,, Oaxaca and one as reporter, him also w/Guerrero state and local police in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.  Easily proven, already widely known in Zihuatanejo and Mexico City.
@dcexaminer Mexico News Daily online ties to a hidden online publication identifying me, Gordon Robbins, Anglo American with my name and a Black man's photo as writer of Arizona Republic news articles and, separately, error tinged historical articles on 1976 murder of Don Bolles.
@dcexaminer Warning, any information from American Consulate in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico regarding me, Gordon Robbins, should be regarded with absolute suspicion and disdain, Consulate staff involved directly and criminally in several matters involving me since Sept., 2001.
@dcexaminer American young english language anonymous gangster voices trailed me in Mexico City in 2011 period with various references to that late 1964 casual friendship with Cynthia Buchanan in Mexico City.  American Embassy, ex-Amb. John Galvin still alive, possibly involved.
@dcexaminer This goes back in history to years Diaz-Ordaz president of Mexico, several months after May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun murder of my father, myself having lunch at Mexico City home with Cynthia Buchanan, 1959 graduate Camelback High School in Phoenix, Arizona
@dcexaminer Practically entire population of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico including foreign community, some police, and even Mexican military, navy units have people criminally involved in this international murder cover-up complicity, Warner Bros., Mexico also involved.
@dcexaminer Glenn Kessler, Washington Post FactFinder on internet cannot get away with denying several years criminal international involvement in this entire murder cover-up matter of himself and work associates.
@dcexaminer National, international ties connect Laura J. Nelson, Los Angeles Times reporter to a criminal setup at Fennimore Times, in Fennimore, Wisconsin involving former publisher Robert Calahan and a Richard Nelson and his sons of nearby communities.  Eisle family involved.
@dcexaminer Phoenix, Arizona Police officers of 1971 may include one or more members of northeast Phoenix Patrol Division involved criminally both before and after March 12, 1971, them w/southwestern Wisconsin backgrounds, childhoods.
@dcexaminer After my, Gordon Robbins, March 10, 2009 visit to Phoenix, AZ FBI office FBI agentd "misplaced" signed documents I gave them that day, done right in front of younger, more honest agents, same office,  secretary of Brown and Gain law firm few blocks away involved also
@dcexaminer Arizona Republic editors, execs, apparently involved w/ Arizona law enforcement and descendants of deceased John Ahern of Arizona DPS 1960's, early 1970's with claims same John Ahern still alive in voice broadcasts heard widely here in Mexico in recent years.
@dcexaminer Two very different groups I've learned to stay away from because of criminal behavior are the United States of America federal Bureau of Investigation and Alcoholics Anonymous anywhere.
@dcexaminer Putting it bluntly, Federal Bureau of Investigation agents involved in covering up 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins and some successor agents, same office, responsible for 2005-07 disappearance, possible murder of another son of mine Matthew Peter Robbins
@dcexaminer A Federal Bureau of Investigation agent, name Frank Horwith(sp?) of Phoenix, AZ office in 1980's man living next door to my ex-wife Bette and her father Peter T. Curran on 71st Pl.,Town of Paradise Valley, Arizona, Matthew Peter Robbins, a minor then lived with Bette
@dcexaminer Ask Robert Woodward, high priest of American journalism what he knows of Nixon era death of John Ehrlichman's son, also named Patrick, then search for book jackets off old Kitty Kelly written books.  Washington Post staff involved, then and now!
@dcexaminer In 1980's a criminally intent toward myself and my youngest son Matthew Peter  Robbins lived next door to my ex-wife Bette and her father Peter T. Curran on 71st. Place in 1980's in Town of Paradise Valley, Arizona. No mention of 1971 drowning of Patrick to him?? B.S.
@dcexaminer Making thi short, Federal Bureau of Investigation agents and my former wife initiated a long-term criminal conspiracy against me, Gordon Robbins that apparently dates to 1976 and my ex-wife's cover-up of 1971 Arizona murder of her first born son by me Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer Michael Frost, for several years in earlier 2000's a well known contractor (M and R Construction) in Phoenix area a recognised murder DISinformation spreader re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  Frost was also Patrick's baptismal godfather.
@dcexaminer David Gonzales, long-term Chief U.S. Federal Marshal in Phoenix, Arizona got involved in 1971 Arizona cover-up of murder of my son Patrick Robbins because of "long ASU friendship" with Michael Frost of Tempe, AZ, a 2012 businessman "pet" of Arizona Republic newspaper.
@dcexaminer Arizona Republic newspaper top executives, editors, recent years, may deny fact Connie Koenan, John Ahern's stepdaughter and a former Arizona Republic journalist, one of two March 11-12, 1971 "babysitters" for Patrick and Gordon Christopher Robbins.
@dcexaminer John Ahern, long deceased 1960's,,early 70's Director of Arizona Department of Public Safety (State Police) got himself involved in this, possibly before and most definitely March 13, 1971 right here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@dcexaminer Jane Hull, a former Arizona Secretary of State, apparently lied re: my, Gordon Robbins, whereabouts after summer of 1995, claiming myself present at her daily Crossroads Inc. group meetings Alcoholics Anonymous in Phoenix, AZ long after 1995.  This from Phoenix police
@dcexaminer Time Magazine holding signed recent years letters from three or more individual Phoenix, Arizona police officers claiming I, Gordon Robbins, profited financially from March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer More re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, John Leonardo, recent U.S. Federal Attorney in Arizona, apparently held/holds Tucson, Arizona law enforcement knowledge re: Phoenix Police involvement in 1971 murder cover-up.
@dcexaminer Jana Munro, Special Agent In Charge of Phoenix, Arizona FBI office in 2004, other FBI agents, may still be hiding their recordings of summer, 2004 local telephone contacts I, Gordon Robbins, had w/a woman using name "Sonja" in their office.
@dcexaminer John Lewis, Special Agent In Charge of Phoenix, Arizona FBI office in 2008, was "supposedly on vacation" at time of pre-planned uniformed FBI security guard attack on me  Gordon Robbins,  April 7, 2008 at FBI's Phoenix office.
@dcexaminer Arizona Republic newspaper hired publisher, John Zidich, drawn into over all cover-up in 2008 by an FBI agent falsely claiming danger from "south of the border" to my younger son Matthew Peter Robbins, see May 8, 2008 edition of Republic.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, recent former Phoenix Police Chiefs Jack Harris, Joe Yahner drawn into murder cover-up conspiracy by others w/longer service years.
@dcexaminer Janet Napolitano, one of March 11-12, 1971 "babysitters" for Patrick and his younger brother Gordon Christopher, later tried to frame me re: the March 12, 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins by lieing, claiming me there morning of March 12, 1971.
@dcexaminer More Arizona names re: Phoenix, AZ Police cover-up of March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins--former Phoenix, AZ Police Chief "Lew" Wetzel who's upper echelon officers today, 48 years later here in Mexico, still claim they covered it up under Wetzel's nose.
@dcexaminer Important Arizona personages involved in cover-up of 1971 Phoenix, Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins--a former Arizona Attorney General, Bruce Babbit and wife, former U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, Janet Napolitano of Obama years, more to come.
@TravelGov @StateDept Your murder cover-up friends in Washington Post newsroom would not approve of your Tweeting me, Gordon Robbins, in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@ScottsdalePD Accurate reports here in Mexico are Scottsdale, Arizona Police very unhappy with my, Gordon Robbins, exposure of THEIR current and past international criminal activities connecting to Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico going back eleven years and more.
@dcexaminer Peter Holley, a name used by a criminally intent Washington Post newspaper "Writer's Group" member leading Washington Post newspaper's staff in international longterm cover-ups of old Phoenix, AZ murders of my father (1964) and one of my sons (1971).
@ScottsdalePD Scottsdale, AZ Police still ignoring evidentiary dats re: criminal operations in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico that I, Gordon Robbins, sent them by FAX and email in years prior to Oct. 19, 2017 from Zihuatanejo, myself here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, since then.
@Newsweek Newsweek apparently believed false information sent them in early 2007 re: me, Gordon Robbins, by Chicago Sun Times/Daily News correspondents from Mexico City, one or more of them Alcoholics Anonymous members.
@USATODAY USAToday female anglo newspaper correspondent in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico recently married an Anglo (American or Canadian military?), him a diplomat brown haired burglar there whom she covered up for in early years of 2000's.  Rumor may be true!
@jefftayloredits Jeff Taylor and Steve Berta criminal murder cover-up journalists internationally associated with these three murder cover up entities-- retired Phoenix, Arizona police, Arizona Republic and Indianapolis Star newspapers.
@Alcoholics_INTL Alcoholics Anonymous "program of honesty" criminally misused by current, past officers of Phoenix, Arizona Police Department as international murder cover-up tool at home and here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico!
@Alcoholics_INTL Criminal Alcoholics Anonymous Anglo American women here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico involved in international Phoenix, Arizona based murder cover-up plots since 1990's, them w/English  language AA groups here in Puerto Vallarta.
@KamalaHarris Kamala, Shameful describes California Bureau of Investigation financially supporting one of their own agents, a criminal fugitive, as informant in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.  Lies in info to them about me, Gordon Robbins.
@SenatorDurbin Hi, Dick, Review  of murder cover. up criminal activities of Phoenix and Scottsdale, Arizona Police Departments dating to 1964 re: my father C.Gordon Robbins (May 15, 1964) and a son of mine Patrick Robbins (March 12, 1971).
@StateDeputySPOX Palladino is part of FOX television news takeover of American State Department.
@SenatorDurbin Dick, Right now the Marco's are trading using core sampled of Arizona desert earth to teach gophers how to dig tunnels under future border walls.  Cheaper than flyover drones!
@yvonnewingett Yvonne, Best to you and Jesse and Nicole Karol, Krab Harris, et. al, remember to visit Press Spokesman at U.S. Attorney's office for your Xmas candy gift!
@gregstantonaz Greg, some good hidden bars near stations, ask around!
@dabien83 David, Beware of becoming high profile on Twitter, Washington Post newspaper has a young woman they trying to marry off.
@LouDobbs Lou, A lunatic woman Alice Donnelly at DOJ keeps getting cut off when anyone  messages her about U.S. Marine Corp on gmail, might be good interview to ask her why?
Ref: Phoenix, AZ May 15, 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins:  when criminally involved police have and exercise sole legal jurisdiction over area where the murders committed, murder extremely hard to prove!
@marcoattorney Who amongst staff of Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff's  Dept. is and has been criminally associated with the grossly fat older criminally intent homosexual plagiarist running inside operations at United States of America Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ?
@osoriochong Mexican Alcoholics Anonymous group members with businesses, homes on Bolivar across from Cafe Raiz and Church in Plaza San Geronimo south of Bolivar east of Ave. San Geronimo in Col. Centro of Mexico City 2010-2012 period have a criminal involvement in this, why?
@SecPompeo Now, Pompeo, I relax and listen to accusatory and denial voice broadcasts from a bunch of anonymous cowardly criminal minions here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, some  past or present Canadian foreign Service, American Consulate staffs of Guadalajara, Jalisco, MX
@azcentral Are your Arizona Republic execs and staff ashamed to learn of the Feb., 2013 racial "hate crime" aimed at me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico via Facebook by a black woman editing, running your, Arizona Republic newspaper's, Facebook operations?  Eric Holder knows!
@HuffPostCanada You at HuffPost can, and may have received all sorts of local Mexico City-Zihuatanejo Canadian lies re: 2016 Mexico City Siglo XXI Hospital death of  25-26 year-old French blooded woman nicknamed "Yeli', her from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@HuffPostCanada Criminally intent Canadians tied to large American- founded private school in Guadalajara,desperately began labeling me, Gordon Robbins, "Canadian", them knowng a 1960'sCanadian athlete involved re: March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@HuffPostCanada Canadian Foreign Service staff of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, 2008, actually late comers to Canadian criminal practice of Canadians of all sorts here in Mexico trying to label me, Gordon Robbins, a natural born American, to be "Canadian" begun some 23 years ago.
@HuffPostCanada Canadian Foreign Service, military, some private Canadian citizend here in Mexico have, since 1995, been consistently involved criminally in labeling me, Gordon Robbins, "a Canadian", this despite them knowing positively myself a natural born American citizen.
@BostonGlobe James Lacey(Sp?), w/U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona in mid-late 1980's, aware of irregularities Arizona, American federal law enforcement operations in Arizona, probably won't admit he resigned and returned to Boston area rather than be involved.
@canadapostcorp Longterm criminal activity mostly falsifications and lies from Canadian Foreign Service, military re: me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico since 1995 starting to show up in public records here in Mexico as well as in Arizona in U.S.
@canadapostcorp United States of America Justice Department ultimately responsible for homosexual plagiarist now running criminal Arizona murder cover-up operations from United States of America Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix on behalf of Arizona,  American law enforcement.
@azcentral Believe this, Arizona Republic, Pamela Van Buskirk (Pam Eaton) from your house in Phoenix actually got herself falsely identified as being my Arizona former wife, accomplished via lies in Alcoholics Anonymous groups in San Blas, Nayarit, Mexico summer of 2006.
@laura_nelson Ms. Nelson, I, Gordon Robbins, see by Twitter you have been paired w/ex-Washington Post international sex promoter and murder cover-up journalist ALEXIOS, be glad ALEXIOS in Florida and not California or Fennimore, Wisconsin.
@Mantzarlis Mantzarlis behind this Tweet is one of  criminals with Washington Post newspaper involved in sexual promotion and international murder cover-up crimes of Washington Post newspaper staff of recent years, now based in Florida!
@BostonGlobe Criminal intent of Canadian Foreign Service figure toward me, Gordon Robbins, goes to summer, 1995 here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, picks up in 1996 as pair of Canadian men labeled me "narcotraffiker" immediately after seeing me in.Alcoholics Anonymous group
@BostonGlobe Some reportorial staff of Mexico News Daily based in Ixtapa -Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, one an Anglo male w/Canadian Mexico City ties who apparently is totally trusted, possibly part of, law enforcement in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo.
@BostonGlobe Mexico News Daily, available on Internet, has been criminally involved long term in both racial hate crime aspects of this and 1976 murder of Arizona Republic reporter Don Bolles. Published out of Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico.
@BostonGlobe I, Gordon Robbins,cursed with former wife who in 1980's involved herself w/American Federal Bureau of Investigation agents in Phoenix, AZ in false claims about me "forgetting to mention" March 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my first born son by her Patrick Robbins
@BostonGlobe Myself, Gordon Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico ever since Oct. 19, 2017, have for decades had to put up w/lieing claims of ex-Phoenix, Arizona Police officers here claiming to be "longtime friends and associates of mine.
@BostonGlobe Examples--Documentary records exist I was traveling in Europe from late July of 1965 to late January, 1966, yet Arizona law enforcement, American Federal law enforcement, and Mexico's Federal authorities all believe lies to the contrary from criminally intent people.
@BostonGlobe Current head of Arizona DPS (State Police) Milstead cannot control his criminally intent headquarters staff criminally involved in this internationally in past years, even one forced to retire some three years  now resident here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@BostonGlobe Believe this, Arizona DPS (State.Police) regard a criminally intentioned informant Gordon Harlan Black as reigning hero of law enforcement in Arizona, him involved in lies about me, Gordon Robbins, before and since 1976 murder of Arizona Republic reporter Don Bolles.
@SecPompeo Pompeo, This criminal business of Phoenix, AZ police trying to identify selves as longtime "old friends" of mine dates back to Phoenix, AZ Police non-investigation  of May 15, 1964 Phoenix shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins.
@SecPompeo Pompeo, Incredibly stupid Phoenix, AZ Police set up an international (failed) criminal conspiracy to identify me, Gordon Robbins as their friend in March, April of 2008, 3 Alcoholics Anonymous Anglo American women involved April 8, 2008 here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco
@BarackObama How would you feel, Obama, if one of your daughters were killed and you were soon stabbed in the back by Washington, DC police and a neighboring police agency?  Think about it next time you think of Janet Napolitano and Eric Holder.
@BarackObama Obama, criminal setup around March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins so well orchestrated my son Patrick, at age two and 1/2 spent last night of his life w/American military man Thomas Schodt who has since lied most of his adult life
@BarackObama Janet Napolitano from Arizona government who served in Obama's presidential cabinet as Director of Homeland Security another March, 1971 Phoenix "babysitter" who, like Connie Koenan, claims she didn't know of March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@osoriochong Massive amount easily proven international criminal collusion re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins shows in ways my, Gordon Robbins, phone calls from Mexico handled by women answering phones at Scottsdale, Arizona Police Department past years.
@osoriochong Stepdaughter of deceased John Ahern, him 1960's, early 1970's Director of Arizona Department of Public Safety, her then  Arizona Republic reporter named Connie Koenan, had proven presence in circumstances re: March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@osoriochong John Ahern, Director of Arizona Department of Public Safety in 1960's, early 1970's, was a criminal piece of shit banned from Elena Cortez de Brun's restaurant and hotel here at 520 Calle Matamoros, Colonia Centro, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco since March 13, 1971.
@SecPompeo Pompeo, proof of criminal involvement of Thomas Schodt, American military man involved in 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins may show up w/proof of 1960's Schodt family friendship w/John Ahern family, Calle del Norte area of east Phoenix, AZ
Scottsdale, Arizona Police and FBI agent friends of my ex-wife Bette Jane Robbins (nee Curran) are going to have to take a long look at their activities in support of her down thru the years, some of those activities decidedly criminal and provable.
@ScottsdalePD For most of year 1976, as I, Gordon Robbins, now know, my now former wife, Bette Jane Robbins (nee Curran) spent most of her time listening to lies and then criminally colluding against me with Gordon Harlan Black, this while we lived in Town of Paradise Valley, AZ.
@Alcoholics_INTL Are the criminal Phoenix, Arizona police murder cover-up people who provably were associated with Alcoholics Anonymous at Crossroads Inc. in Phoenix, AZ and some other AA groups both there and here in Mexico since 1980's feeling somewhat uncomfortable?
@azcentral Arizona Republic execs, staff very involved in cover-up of  details of 1976 murder of Arizona Republic reporter Don Bolles because of records of late 1976 phone call from my now ex-wife Bette Jane Robbins made under conspiratorial instructions from Gordon Harlan Black.
@Arizona_DPS Have you w/Arizona DPS (State Police) in Phoenix and elsewhere yet explained why you refuse to end your international efforts to discredit me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico despite being ordered to do so by current Director Milstead?
@ScottsdalePD Scottsdale and Phoenix, Arizona Police "Jack" Holcomb family so criminally involved in this internationally both father and son easily guilty of prosecutable criminal conspiracy whatever the current whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins, b. AZ 1972.
@azcentral Criminally intentioned, mentally disoriented persons, probably Americand here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico have, using name Arizona Republic newspaper, tried portraying 1960's, early 1970's Arizona DPS (State Police) Director John Ahern as still being alive,
@SecPompeo Pompeo, Are you aware Eric Holder, ex-Presideng Obama's former right hand man, has thought me, Gordon Robbins, Anglo American born, to be a Black blooded man ever since Minneapolis, Minnesota, 1962.  Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, my whereabouts.
@BarackObama Criminally intent ex-Phoenix, Arizona police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MXvare involved by direct dedicated international phone lines with a criminal homosexual plagiarist running U.S. of America Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix.  Eric Holder may of this.
@ScottsdalePD Scottsdale, Arizona Police connect to directly dedicated international telephone lines tied to Mexican Federal Police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico,possibly w/American State Department offices in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico where a criminal staff reigns.
@SecPompeo Pompeo, I, Gordon Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jal. Mexico not a lunatic your American Federal law enforcement people would have you believe, ample proof before equitable court of law will prove my allegations re: murder cover-ups and Elena Cortez de Brun estate.
@SecPompeo Pompeo, Direct dedicated international telephone lines being used for murder cover-up, other criminal purposes exist between Arizona, American Federal law enforcement tied to Mexican Federal Police, others may include ex-Phoenix, Arizona police here in Puerto Vallarta.
@SecPompeo Criminally intent Arizona law enforcement and American Justice Dept. people in Phoenix AZ in 2016, faced w/enormity of their provable old murder cover-upd and related crimes, began international efforts discredit my Gordon Robbins identity, whereabouts here in Mexico.
@azcentral Susan Black, hired by Arizona Republic newspaper, Feb., 1975  criminal bitch who tried to frame me, Gordon Robbins, and others in  May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins, brother Gordon Harlan Black in 1976 tried frame me in Don Bolles  murder.
@azcentral Criminally intent Arizona state police , Phoenix, AZ area law police agencies, American federal law enforcement gave Gordon Harlan Black and his sister Susan Black reigning Arizona hero and heroine re: 1964 murder of my father, 1976 murder of reporter Don Bolles.
@ScottsdalePD Former wife of Scottsdale Daily Progress editor "Jerry" McElfresh, 1960's, mid-1970's, may have involved herself, her children, others in legally punishable criminal slander against me, Gordon Robbins, over March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@SecPompeo Scottsdale, Arizona Police will rue the day in 1978 when some of them became involved with local attorney Richard Campana re: myself, Gordon Robbins, BanComer of Puerto Vallarta and Elena Cortez de Brun property-financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@ScottsdalePD Some Scottsdale, Arizona Police began their own self serving self delusive fantasy in 1970's by accepting false belief I, Gordon Robbins, profited financially in March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, a belief also promoted by some Phoenix Police
@PoliciasGDL Por que Policia de Guadalajara estan en complicidad contra mio, Gordon Robbins, ref: mis logares en Mexico los anos 2001 a 2007?  Son ellos gran mentarosos o' crean mentiras de empleados de Consulado de los Estadod Unidos de America alli en todos?
@SecPompeo Some of worst criminals involved w/murder cover-ups here in Mexico out of Phoenix, Arizona area law enforcement with backgrounds of southwestern Wisconsin childhood and service w/ American military, now here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco,and  Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero
@SecPompeo Pompeo, How deeply and criminally involved in international murder cover-ups have your American State Department people employed at American Embassy in Mexico City been since mid-1995? And possibly long before, military also!  Sept. 18-19, 2000.
@SecPompeo Internationally, Law enforcement, Mexico and United States of America ignore fact two separate men named Matthew Peter Robbins involved, one my, Gordon Robbins' son Matthew Peter Robbins born Arizona in 1972, the other born in 1969 may not even exist except on Facebook
RT @gordon_robbins: Sorry, wasn't paying attention, trying remember how many Phoenix, AZ area FBI agents my son Matthew Peter Robbins turne…
Name Frank Howard(Sp?) W/home N. 71st Pl., Scottsdale mailing address key FBI agent involved https://t.co/u0WMYf58h0
Sorry, wasn't paying attention, trying remember how many Phoenix, AZ area FBI agents my son Matthew Peter Robbins turned in in 1980's for contributing to the delinquency of a minor when Matthew was under 18.
@azcentral New chained down sidewalk newspaper vending machines seen on streets of greater Phoenix, AZ area, new mystery newspaper here Jan. 1.
@phoenixpolice Please tell Phoenix Police Chief I  delimited one of your retired ex-officers illegally logged onto my Google email account right here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.  Not Jack Halpren, he's next!
@fed_bureau Undercover agents of American FBI found sleeping in Mexico City near American Embassy, several refused aid by American Embassy security!
@USNavy Government shutdown means stoppage of military pension payments to members of retired United States of America Naval Society here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and elsewhere.  Not fake news!
@BarackObama Any of Obama's Welsh family cousins visiting for Christmas?
@Newsweek Skin cancer attacked face of mermaid actress in filming of "Pirates of The Caribbian" at Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico several years ago, producers used Kleg lights instead of sunshine.
@DanCrenshawTX Dan, Nice of you to Tweet me earlier today.  Hope you have a good year.  Trump's late father and my sons late maternal grandfather old friends decades ago on Manhatten Island.  Why did you Tweet me?  Merry Christmas!
@PoliciasGDL I remember the old days helping Guadalajara Police catch pickpockets on buses about ten years ago.  Please see American Consulate for corrrecr Spanish translation of this!
@aristeguicnn Nini's, repeat that whole tweet in English, please Carmen.
@LANow Los Angeles, Calif. Police no longer trust paid fugitive informant of California Bureau of Investigation (CBI-State Police) based in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.  L.A.P.D now knows same fugitive a former C.B.I. agent.
@Alcoholics_INTL Just found out Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms investigating National Council on Alcoholism, has to do w/tax stamps on marijuana!
@aristeguicnn Hey Carmen, American State Department people think me in Mexico City, Pompeo to wish holiday greetings to Gina Haspel for me, me in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, greetings to your family in Tepic.
@ScottsdalePD Alan Rodbell, Scottsdale Police Chief, locked in police storage unit Christmas Eve, roommate reported him as missing person to Phoenix Police this A.M.
@Blair_Langmuir Where did you buy that Italian carbine, Oswald gun store?
@SecPompeo Pompeo, run an errand for me, Gordon Robbins, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and wish your successor at C.I.A. Gina Haspel "Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!" from me!
@PVallartaNews1 Some of Mexican Federal Police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco used Jan. 24, 2018 (this year) blood test ripoff of my money as excuse to meet young Mexican criminal women involved, Clinical Laboratorio Patalogico, 815 Moralos, Colonia Centro.
@PVallartaNews1 Elderly female Anglo grey haired clerk, OXXCO store, Venustiano Carranza 294, Colonia Emiliano Zapata short changed me, male manager watching, complicated transaction she could not handle, I got sucked in because male uniformed red shirt,  manager helped her.
@ScottsdaleFire Are your local police still controlled by criminally intent retired detective Paul Bernholz and his mentor Alan Rodbell?  Was Santa kind to them?
@SecPompeo Pompeo, so you know, I, Gordon Robbins am one who after April 7, 2008 criminal FBI planned incident at Phoenix, AZ office, labeled that office "dumping ground" for homosexual FBI agents, some whom half dress like Santa Claus and love famous major league baseballers.
@SecPompeo Pompeo, great deal of criminal behavior of ex-Phoenix, AZ police murder cover-up people here in Mexico almost matches criminal behaviors of Alcoholics Anonymous people in both breath and scope.
@PVallartaNews1 McGrail, a police background in Los Angeles, Calif. and Phoenix, AZ before 1986 has criminally misused trust of police agency friends here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico!
@PVallartaNews1 Criminal intent William "Bill" McGrail, since 1995 support of Angela Corrales' local claims to have been my "girlfriend" back then may have criminal support of liars of Alcoholics Anonymous and McGrail's local Puerto Vallarta friends,older retired Jalisco police.
@PVallartaNews1 Most of criminal intent ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta involved in furthering two old police cover-ups of Arizona murders of my family while also identifying themselves w/me, Gordon Robbins have long term two country ties to Alcolholics Anonymous.
@SecPompeo That 1971 Phoenix, AZ neighborhood LIE of persons living near 61st Place and Calle del Norte re: Schodt family also perpetuated over 47 plus years by American military man Thomas Schodt and woman using name Kathy Schodt to set up 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@SecPompeo In 1971  entire east Phoenix, AZ neighborhood fell prey to criminally perpetuated lies claiming my then wife Bette a relative of the Thomas Schodt family, thusly them justifying the conspiratorial March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@SecPompeo Pompeo, Phoenix, AZ police retirees you apparently give credence nothing but self seeking, self deluding mentally and criminally perverted individuals involved in their own and preceding Phoenix, AZ police cover-ups of 1964 murder of my father,1971 murder of a son.
@SecPompeo Pompeo, I have to emphasise this over and over again, this lieing bunch of retired ex-Phoenix, Arizona police involved claiming to be longtime friends and associates of mine are men I've never known, some of them involved solely for the murder cover-up aspects of this.
@SecPompeo Pompeo, as State Department, Justice Department has been sucked into believing lies of American Army man Thomas Schodt, your people and hundreds of others, two, three countries sucked by lies of retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers claiming longtime friendship w/me.
@SecPompeo One or more of these older men, criminally involved, have  technology leting them actually see things through my eyes and get away with pretensions they are close friends of mine involved with me in exposing earlier Arizona murder cover-ups re: murders of my family.
@SecPompeo Pompeo,  older men here in Mexico, most not Hispanic,  located here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico for years, criminally active other Mexico locales, have ties to ex-Arizona law enforcement murder cover-ups and possibly both American and Canadian ex-convicts here
@SecPompeo Pompeo, older men, electronically knowledgeable English speakers, possibly ex-Phoenix,Arizona police and retired American Federal Marshals, have tracked me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico for over a decade, them your real enemies right now still involved here in Mexico
@ScottsdaleFire Know this, even Arizona Republic newspaper execs, staff, have played with whereabouts, very life of yet another son of mine, Matthew Peter Robbins, as if their manipulation of "facts" re: locale of 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins not enough!
@ScottsdaleFire Do your Police under Chief Alan Rodbell, his women's harem at Scottsdale Police headquarters still think it "fun" to cover-up my, Gordon Robbins, identity and credibility while playing with whereabouts, very life of yet another son of mine,  Matthew Peter Robbins?
@SecPompeo Pompeo, believe this, enemies of U.S. of America have tracked this for 2 decades or more, seeking take full advantage Arizona law enforcement 1964 and 1971 cover-ups of murders of my father and a son of mine.  Some of same former Arizona law enforcement here in Mexico.
@SecPompeo Pompeo, 47 plus years lies from American Army man Thomas Schodt involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son compete with lies of American Embassy staff exposed by your successor, at CIA, Gina Haspel re: my, Gordon Robbins, whereabouts in 2003-04.
@SecPompeo Pompeo, is it "deliberate accident" your American State Department people at home and here in Mexico part of mass of47 plus years of international lies from American Army man Thomas Schodt involved in March 12,1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins?
@SecPompeo Your American Army man Thomas Schodt has verified presence here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, same Thomas Schodt involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ conspiracy that led to drowning murder of my son Patrick, same man you people honor w/your belief in his lies!
@SecPompeo American Army man Thomas Schodt an accomplished liar who has even successfully manipulated U.S. of America State and Justice Department officials into covering up his conspiratorial involvement in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@SecPompeo Some key personnel of U.S. of America Federal Attorney's office, Phoenix, Arizona there today and others in past years to 1970's, had direct involvement in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, including woman using name "Kathy Schodt".
@SecPompeo Questions, when, how did former United States of America Consulate employee in Guadalajara, Mexico Gordon Stratchen(sp?) become involved with American military man Thomas Schodt who was involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins?
@SecPompeo White haired Anglo man resembling U.S. Senator John McCain on American Embassy security video film talking w/me, Gordon Robbins, Jan. 2, 2007 in front of Embassy, first time I ever saw this most dishonest member of Alcoholics Anonymous in Mexico City or anywhere else.
@SecPompeo Are American Embassy staff, Mexico City, still lieing to you re: identity of white-haired Anglo man w/resemblance to the late U.S. Senator John McCain on Embassy security video of 11-11:15 A.M. talking with me Jan. 2nd, 2007, first time I ever saw him!
In a equitable law enforcement situation Federal Bureau of Investigation agents ouut of Phoenix, AZ since 1970's would have to explain involvement in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins--including false claim they didn't know of it.
@SecPompeo The Phoenix, AZ father of Gordon Stratchen, ex-high ranking American Consulate employee, Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, other relatives of Stratchen should be questioned re: international criminal ties w/Stratchen and ex-American military man Thomas Schodt.
@SecPompeo Vociferous English language transmittals broadcast. out of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico by American Consulate staff in 2006-2008 period may have precipitated, even caused third-party rape and murder of woman known as Alejandra Cortez in early 2008 in Guadalajara
@SecPompeo Homosexual plagarist running U.S. Attorney's office, Phoenix, AZ apparently thought labeling me, Gordon Robbins, "a homosexual" enough to hide his Arizona/American Federal law enforcement associates' cover-uo of March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@SecPompeo Factual, one of criminally intent murder cover-up tasks assigned to homosexual plagiarist running U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona by his Arizona and American Federal law enforcement associates was to label me, Gordon Robbins, "a homosexual".
@SecPompeo Scottsdale, AZ Police,Arizona Republic newspaper execs., American Federal law enforcement need to be asked why they playing international CRIMINAL games with whereabouts and very life of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (b. 1972, Arizona) the past dozen years.
@SecPompeo American Federal Bureau of Investigation hates factual matters like their agents of 1970's Phoenix, AZ office assuming a former 1960's professional major league baseball star "too prominent" to have been involved in March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@SecPompeo Arizona law enforcement people have had their homosexual plagiarist assigned to discredit both myself and my identity in place as Press Spokesman at U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ past 2 years, him cooperating in try to label me, Gordon Robbins, "a homosexual".
@SecPompeo When Arizona and American Federal law enforcement in Phoenix, AZ area four years ago set out to discredit me, Gordon Robbins, and my identity here in Mexico, they deliberately hired a homosexual plagiarist to discredit me, telling law enforcement agents to cooperate.
@SecPompeo Caught in act re: both Arizona law enforcement murder cover-ups, my father (1964), a son (1971), law enforcement in Arizona some 2 1/2 years ago brgan discrediting me + my, Gordon Robbins, identity here in Mexico, criminal helpers, Guadalajara American Consulate staff.
@SecPompeo Because of an Arizona woman legislator, first name Carolyn, of late 1980's the national directors of the NAACP eventually became involved in racial "hate crimes" nationally and internationally re: me, Gordon Robbins their "hate crimes" even surfacing here in Mexico.
@SecPompeo Three distinct Arizona police agencies, Scottsdale and Phoenix Police, Maricopa County Sheriff's Dept. deliberately failed to act on evidentiary information I, Gordon Robbins emailed and FAXed them from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, Mexico City prior to October, 2017.
@ScottsdalePD Scottsdale, AZ Police retired "old friends" of mine of late 1960's, 1970's, as well as Scottsdale, AZ Police of past 25 years are going to have to answer many questions re: March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, and my son Matthew Peter Robbins.
@SecPompeo How high up international ladder of Alcoholics Anonymous do the murder cover-ups by  Phoenix, AZ Police go re: May 15, 1964 shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins?
@SecPompeo August, 2004 I, Gordon Robbins, in Mazatlan, Sinaloa, MX attempted international correspondence with my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins, at a Scottsdale, AZ address for home actually in Phoenix, AZ at 6409 E. Karen Drive, thusly involvement of Holcomb police family.
@SecPompeo Another situation, current Scottsdale, AZ Police and Federal Bureau of Investigation retirees and some active agents out of Phoenix, AZ office need to be asked re: 2005-2007 disappearance and possible murder of my younger son Matthew Peter Robbins, born 1972 in Arizona
Jeri Williams, current Phoenix, Arizona Police Chief, may have been "undercut" by some of her headquarters officers of past 2 1/2 years, them in communication w/P.P.D.retirees living and traveling here in Mexico, others here for decades in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@SecPompeo Alcoholics Anonymous member, Jane Hull, a former Arizona Secretary of State, has  partial list of names of some now mostly retired ex-Phoenix poliice officers of Crossroads Inc.AA involved in both Phoenix police murder cover-up conspiracies internationally since 1980's
@Alcoholics_INTL Alcoholics Anonymous Phoenix, AZ Police of 1980's and since, Crossroads Inc., Phoenix, AZ, have lied all over United States of America and Mexico to further Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. cover-up of May 15, 1964 Phoenix shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins.
@SecPompeo F.Y.I.,--U.S. Federal Attorney's office staff, Phoenix, AZ  criminally involved in covering up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins since, possibly before early 1970's, collusion w/American Federal Bureau of Investigation agents possible
@SecPompeo My, Gordon Robbins, being sole legal "beneficio heir" to Elena Cortez de Brun property financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and Phoenix, AZ police cover-ups of 1964 murder of my father and 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins part of this.
@SecPompeo A criminally intentioned liar and idiot approved of by United States of America State Department in Washington, DC now running American Consulate in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico where some staff have been criminally intentioned toward me, Gordon Robbins, since 1970's
@PVallartaNews1 A criminally intentioned idiot liar approved by United States of America State Department, Washington, DC apparently now running American Consulate in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, another of their staff criminally intent toward me, Gordon Robbins, since 1970's.
@SecPompeo F.Y.I., American State Department, even Sean Godfried, one of two owners of English language Guadalajara Reporter weekly newspaper has lied to me, Gordon Robbins, re: Black blooded woman diplomat using name Tanya Anderson w/American Consulate, Guadalajara, MXm
@SecPompeo Older Canadian-born Thomas Schodt's wife 1968 "babysitter" girl child drowned in 6000 block of E. Calle del Norte, Phoenix, AZ, , her son Thomas Schodt, American Army 1971, American Embassy, Mexico City involved in March 12, 1971 drowning murder my son Patrick Robbins.
@SecPompeo Criminal aid matter of misconstrued records of my, Gordon Robbin and my now ex-wife Bette's, early 1969 purchase of home at 6101 E. Called del Norte, Phoenix, AZ criminally misconstrued to identify me as having known Canadian-born Thomas Schodt, his family back then.
@SecPompeo Criminals w/Arizona Real Estate Department, Arizona/American Federal agencies gave American Consulate staff, Guadalajara, Mexico deliberately misconstrued 1969 records of my, Gordon Robbins, and my now ex-wife Bette's purchase of Phoenix home at 6101 E. Calle del Norte
@SecPompeo American Consulate staff in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, 2006 vociferously involved in lies to Mexican law enforcement in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico, them succeeding then w/criminal efforts to identify me w/Canadian-born older Arizona fugitive named Thomas Schodt.
@SecPompeo Has there been anyone associated w/American Consulate and military in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico who was not criminally involved in this since early 1970's and March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins?
@SecPompeo American State Department officials in Washington, DC may be operating partially on  Arizona law enforcement agencies' deliberate cover-ups re: 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@SecPompeo How far certain American State Department officials are wiiling to criminally involve themselves in this campaign against me, Gordon Robbins, may relate back to 1966 45-minute private conversion I had w/top aide to then Mexico's Secretary of the Interior Luis Echeveria
@SecPompeo American State Department criminal intent toward me, Gordon Robbins, already shown by it's failure to file internal charges against American Consulate-Guadalajara  employee lies re: 2009 dinner I had w/Latvian women on south coast of Guerrero, Mexico.
@SecPompeo Black woman identified on American State Department website as American Consul in Guadalajara, Jalisco, if she really exists, a capable diplomat who may not know about or understand full implications and history of this matter, including Arizona murder cover-ups.
@SecPompeo Criminally intent American Consulate staff in Guadalajara, Mexico either gleefully promoting or unaware of American State Department using it's Mexico website in racial "hate crime" to try to identify me, Gordon Robbins w/a black blooded woman here in Mexico.
@SecPompeo Arizona Republic newspaper's Facebook editor in Phoenix, Arizona, February, 2013, made same racial "hate crime" internationally at me, Gordon Robbins, on Facebook, the editor then a Black woman.  Easily provable, NAACP Arizona Chapter involved!
@SecPompeo Criminal  American State Department efforts to identify me, Gordon Robbins, w/Black woman American Consul of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico using false name Tanya Anderson began during Obama Administration, based on false reports out of Arizona legislator in late 1980's
@SecPompeo Criminal intent of American State Department here in Mexico since 2015 has been to try to identify me, Gordon Robbins, as being involved with a Black blooded woman assigned as American Consul in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, a racial "hate crime" on their part.
@PVallartaNews1 Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico Police are said to be investigating two "auspicious" deaths of retired ex-Phoenix, Arizona police officers here in recent past years.
@PVallartaNews1 FALSE reports on crimes "supposedly" committed by Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico here appear, if said reports submitted privately on Puerto Vallarta websites are even factual, to have been committed outside jurisdiction areas of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Police.
@SecPompeo In Mexico City since 1990's period American Embassy staff illegally released confidential data on me, Gordon Robbins, to a multitude of newspeople and others, data which may not have been at all accurate.
@SecPompeo Beware of John Roberts of FOX Television News International and his criminal activities re: me, Gordon Robbins, in Mexico City, Mexico and Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico before, during 2005 07 period, and since, including in Washington, DC.
@wrist ethic in Feliz Navidad to Carmen Aristegui, from Gordon Robbins, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@ScottsdaleFire Because Scottsdale, AZ Police refuse to explain near 12 year old disappearance and possible murder of my son Matthew Peter Robbins they will never again have a Merry Christmas or Happy Future Year.
@scottsdalemag Because Scottsdale, AZ Police refuse to explain near 12 year old disappearance and possible murder of my son Matthew Peter Robbins they will never again have a Merry Christmas or Happy Next Year!
@scottsdaleazgov Because Scottsdale, Arizona Police refuse to explain near 12 year old disappearance and possible murder of my son Matthew Peter Robbins, they will never again have a Merry Christmas or Happy Next Year.
@ScottsdalePD Because Scottsdale, Arizona Police will not explain the nearly 12-year old disappearance and possible murder of my son Matthew Peter Robbins, they will never again have a Merry Christmas or Happy Next Year.
Dangerous places like Alcoholics Anonymous  open their doors to unidentified people this time of year, give correct name in writing and misspell it.  You'll drive them nuts all of 2019 by not going back!
@carlbernstein Bound copies of Kitty Kelly book coming your way w/original book jacket mention of 1971 drowning of Scottsdale, Arizona reporter's infant son.  Remember?
@BarackObama Eric Holder getting his old, unrestored Minneapolis, Minnesota police uniform as Christmas gift.
@ktumulty Karen, Trump watching for Tucker Carlson on television, just surfed through you.
@phoenixpolice Beware, Phoenix Police, one of your former officers nicknamed "Curly" carrying a gun to Alcoholics Anonymous meetings!
@StateDept Any specific reason State Department has backed the long standing murder cover-up criminal adventurism operation against me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico or like so many others, of your criminally  perverted ilk, did it seem to your people like "good fun"?
@VallartaDaily Are you w/Puerto Vallarta Daily still willing to "back up" involvement of retired Phoenix, AZ police here re: Arizona murders my father(1964) and son of mine(1971)?  1971 cover-up started w/Scottsdale city officials!
@mileniotv Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico group has a history of trying to identify me with themselves dating back to 2005 and Playa Zicatela, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca?  Motive makes no sense but this is factual about 2005 and since.
@mileniotv Mexican Federal Police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, one or more, have criminal history towards me, Gordon Robbins, Feb., 2008 incident at TelCel Service Center, Ave. Chapultepec, Guadalajara.  American brunette Anglo woman liar involved, what provoked that
@partlowj Josh, would you believe Justin Trudeau, Prime Minister of Canada, once saw me at an outside table at Cafe Raiz, Plaza San Geronimo, Mexico City, and assumed me "a Canadian".  Justin Bieber from Canada told same lie, same location, about seven years ago.
@StateDept Young, not so young gangsters of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico recently received  large amount of cash from Mexico City foreign source to facilitate their local, national, and internationall murders cover-ups, more deaths involved than just those of my father and son
@StateDept Unlikely as it may seem, almost entire population of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico including units of Guerrero, Mexico State Police have been involved in this international murders cover-up matter locally, nationally, and internationally since 2005.
@StateDept Have you w/ State Department in Washington, D.C. ever measured extent of your criminally intent long term support of criminal employees of American Consulate, Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico involved in attacking my, Gordon Robbins, credibility, identity, here in Mexico
@PhilipRucker Rucker, are you aware I, Gordon Robbins, have already proven some of your in-house associates at WaPo criminally involved in old Arizona law enforcement murder cover-ups, my father 1964, a son in 1971.  Find them a criminal defense lawyer, don't bother tweeting me!
@partlowj Hidden behind all this is "free pass" given by Arizona local, regional, and American Federal law enforcement to Gordon Harlan Black, registered student at Arizona State University in early 1960's curiously involved in this off and on since May, 1964 murder of my father
@mileniotv In English-- an Arizona individual, Gordon Harlan Black, registered student at Arizona State University in early 1960's, ever since May, 1964 Phoenix murder of my father C.Gordon Robbins, given every type "free pass" by local and Arizona state and Federal officers.
@partlowj Hey Josh, Can you imagine Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Police seeing through both of the old Arizona international murder cover-ups, despite being "saddled" with Phoenix, AZ Police retirees sponsoring said murder cover-ups living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX
@dcexaminer Re: Elena Cortez de Brun financial property trust of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, criminal intent Anglo American women here now involved in attempts to mate me romantically w/1995 fraud artist American Gloria Whiting, one an associate of Phoenix police since 1988
@nbcwashington Please check May 15, 1964 and March 12, 1971 Arizona deaths of my father Charles Gordon Robbins and son Patrick Robbins on official American government vital statistics records, then ask Phoenix, AZ Police Chief Jeri Williams to comment.  Thank you,
@nbcwashington Washington Post newspaper in-house staff considers itself above labeled of murder cover-up people, yet obvious involvement in old Arizona murder cover-ups re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father and 1971 murder of one of my sons trace directly to them recent years
@mileniotv Criminally intent ex-Phoenix, AZ Police retirees w/no legitimate law enforcement status shoot off their criminally intentioned mouths at me from inside Hotel Posada Iris where I am staying here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@StateDept Obviously your State Department people, Washington, D.C. suckered into racist Black women's criminal plot out of 1980's Arizona legislature furthered by criminal conspirators as varied as Greyhound Bus lines management in Phoenix and at Arizona Republic newspaper
@partlowj Hey Josh, Did you know very hard to prove murder when local police involved in the murders or cover-ups of same have law enforcement jurisdiction over the murder sites, welcome to Phoenix, AZ 1964 and 1971, my father and a son of mine!
@PhilipRucker Excuse me, Rucker, for not responding to your tweets to me, Gordon Robbins, from my alternate Twitter account.  Murder cover-up people in-house at WaPo don't rate highly with me!
@StateDept Why did you at State Department in Washington, D.C. become criminally involved in portraying internationally that a Black woman using phony name "Tanya Anderson" the American Consul in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico?  NAACP involvement in lies out of Arizona NAACP?
@mileniotv Criminal Arizona pair active here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico now and in recent months, a bitch named Bette Helpren and her father, retired ex-Phoenix Police office "Jack" Helpren.  This is provable, Helpren's daughter trying pass herself off as my ex-wife.
@partlowj Here's the story, criminal operations of Scottsdale, AZ Police tie locally and internationally to Expressions answering service, involve also disappearance, possible murder of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbinsand retired Scottsdale Police detective Paul Bernholz.
@partlowj Hey Josh, They got a homosexual plagiarist at U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix in charge of aforementioned Arizona murder cover-ups, him tied to retired Phoenix, AZ police, others here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX by phone and email.
@dcexaminer Are Glenn Kessler, Kessler's assistant known on Twitter as ALEXIOS, w/their past ties to Cosme Lopez and Michelle Yee Hee Lee still criminally active internationally.  Dan Balz has a big international mouth caught in the act over four years ago, Zihuatanejo
@partlowj Josh, Ask your contacts at American Embassy, Mexico City, about all the employees of American Consulate, Guadalajara, claiming for years they employed with American Embassy. Be carefull, some unhappy campers there.
@partlowj If it were not for simple fact former Arizona Republic editor Nicole Carroll entrapped herself over Phoenix murders of my father {1964) and murder of a son of mine (1971) she still be wanting to marry me, her known fantasy of past years--no jokes herein.
@partlowj Hey Josh.  Have you aged since Twitter photo taken.  Some Arizona Republic newspaper reporters are thirty-fourty years old then their photos.  Check out youthful Nicole Carroll here on Twitter or on SnapChat.	Happy Holidays!
@dcexaminer In international communication w/law enforcement in U.S. of America criminally intent retirees Phoenix, AZ police have represented themselves as being legitimate law enforcement officers based here in Mexico, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco and in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX
@mileniotv Criminal retirees of Phoenix, AZ police and other ex-Arizona law enforcement people haverepresented themselves as legitimate law enforcement agents in international police communication from here, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco and further south in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX.
@dcexaminer Phoenix, AZ Police Alcoholics Anonymous members on police radio car voice broadcasts in criminal efforts direct me to Alcoholics Anonymous meeting places Friday A.M. April 4, 2008 in Scottsdale area may be involved in 2005-2007 disappearance of my youngest son Matthew
@dcexaminer One or two former Phoenix, Arizona Police officer, northeast patrol division of 1971, them w/Fennimore, Wisconsin history, one reportedly now living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, may have been involved in March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@mileniotv Some elderly Wisconsin farm family members still alive may actually know more about  May 15, 1964 Phoenix, Arizona shotgun murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins than do murder cover-up retirees of Phoenix, Arizona Police living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco,
@mileniotv Losing about themselves being my "closest relatives and friends" since childhood has been a criminal tactic of southwestern Wisconsin farm family members and their descendants living here in Mexico since they discovered me in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in late 2012.
@mileniotv Your news people may be recipients of massive lies re: my, Gordon Robbins, family and friends "since childhood" from southwestern Wisconsin people of United States of America w/criminal bases in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico and here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@mileniotv Scottsdale Police of 1971 may have had individual officers involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale area drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Scottsdale city official Dale Carter drew some hierarchal Phoenix Police into cover-up that same afternoon!
@mileniotv Phoenix, AZ Police,1964-early 1970's themselves responsible for cover-ups of May 15, 1964 murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins in  United States of America, retirees here in Mexico not all knowledgeable
@mileniotv A former officer w/both Los Angeles, Calif. Police and Phoenix, Arizona Police in U.S. of America William "Bill" McGrail in 1980's may have accessed Phoenix, AZ Police records on both 1964 and 1971 murders of my father and son respectively.
@mileniotv In English, Jalisco State Police friend, American William "Bill" McGrail, took it upon himself in late 1990's to try to prove me, Gordon Robbins, also a sexual pervert like McGrail himself. He criminally used some local Puerto Vallarta Alcoholics Anonymous members.
@mileniotv In English, the 1986 and since "friend" of Jalisco State Police, Americano William " Bill" McGrail here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico turned out be both a liar and a sexually perverted member of local Alcoholics Anonymous groups.
@mileniotv Otra grupos de Policia aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico no cream los mentiras de mio Gordon Robbins por Angela Corrales y William "Bill" McGrail en y despues el ano 1995.  Mi no en aventura romantica con Angela Corrales, gran mentiras solamente!
@mileniotv Es possible recuerdos de mentiras de Angela Corrales y William "Bill" McGrail de mio, Gordon Robbins, existaban en los recuerdos "official" de uno o' mas  grupos de Policia aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@mileniotv Parte de grupos Policia aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico creen mentiras contra mio, Gordon Robbins, mentiras de William "Bill" McGrail y Angela Corrales desde el ano 1995 y despues.
@mileniotv El mismo William "Bill" McGrail,  gran mentaroso y socio de Angela Corrales contra mio, Gordon Robbins, es aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico ahorra y tiene otra historia con Policia de Phoenix, Arizona en los Estados Unidos de America antes el ano 1986.
@mileniotv Otra gran mentaroso es William "Bill" McGrail, con historia con Policia de Los Angeles, California y membre de "Double AA" en ingles aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico desde el ano 1986.
@mileniotv La mismo perrodista de Guadalajara Reporter Angela Corrales, conoce nombres de parte del grupo de los Americanos y Mexicanos en complicidad contra mio, Gordon Robbins, en ano 1995 y despues aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.  Encluyen members de AA.
@mileniotv Angela Corrales, perrodista Americano con sangre Mexicano, empleado del periodico en engles Guadalajara Reporter se trabajar aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico in gran mentaroso de actividades de mio, Gordon Robbins, en y despues el ano 1995.
@mileniotv Alcoholics Anonymous and Alanon members, Hispanic and Anglo American, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico stiil criminally hide their lies about my, Gordon Robbins, whereabouts in years 2005-2006 behind anonymity of AA programs.
@mileniotv Alcoholics Anonymous members, Hispanic and Anglo American, still LIEING PUBLICLY here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico trying to connect me, Gordon Robbins, w/2005  medical experiments in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico and about my 2006 whereabouts.  Proven!
@dcexaminer Alcoholics Anonymous members, American and Hispanic here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico have lied publicly here in Mexico re: my, Gordon Robbins, whereabouts in years 2005 and 2006 in criminal effort to identify me w/medical experiments in Guadalajara in 2005.
@dcexaminer My, Gordon Robbins, previous Tweets on Arizona convicts in Mexico in 2005 relates indirectly and directly to 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer Former Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio and a Pam Eaton (Pamela Van Buskirk) of Phoenix, AZ involved  in late 2005 illegal transportation of Arizona convicts across international border into Mexico to Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.
@dcexaminer Arizona convicts from Arizona in U.S.  of America illegally transported into Mexico in 2005 to participate in medical experiments in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico may now be members of Alcoholics Anonymous groups here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@dcexaminer Convicts from Arizona prisons including a "Rick" Johnson in 2005 illegally transported across international border south to Guadalara, Jalisco, Mexico by State of Arizona Department of Corrections to participate in medical experiments in Guadalajara.
@StateDeputySPOX @StateDept @SecPompeo @AdilAbdAlMahdi @coalition Palladino, John Roberts at FOX unwrapped a Christmas gift early, found a dead rat in a cage!
@statedeptspox Happy Holidays!  Rat in cage is John Roberts!
@partlowj My mistake, 35.7 Billion involved.  That's what happens when I belch while reading news in cellphone.  Merry Christmas, best to all!
@dcexaminer American Embassy, Mexico City staff involved with 2007:criminal voice broadcast efforts to identify me, Gordon Robbins, with two  American members Alcoholics Anonymous, one on Mexico City subway car in late May, the other, Arizona's Jane Hull, Nov., 2007 Zihuatanejo
@dcexaminer Proof of Canadian military law enforcement people using radio telephone messages to deeply hypnotise people while asleep hard to come by, Tempe, Arizona Police in U.S. of America have had live experience with invisible Canadians contacting them by radio telephone.
@dcexaminer Continuing to LIE is not just a criminal activity of Canadians here in Mexico under orders of their government to LIE, other murder cover-up intentioned Americans, Mexicans, and mixed blood younger people here in Mexico display same mentally perverted characteristic.
@dcexaminer Even some Mexican Federal Agents here in Mexico have been confronted by persons so mentally and criminally intentioned toward me that even after seeing documentary records re: Phoenix 1964 and 1971 deaths of my father and one son they continue to LIE.
@dcexaminer Some of criminally intentioned American staff of American Consulate, Guadalajara, Mexico, past and present, still criminally active against me here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico as they were in earlier years, thanks to American State Department!
@dcexaminer Criminally intent American Consulate staff-American military in Guadalajara, Mexico well aligned with the March 12, 1971 Arizona murderers of my son Patrick Robbins including Thomas Schodt since 1988 if not before because of Gordon Strachen(Sp?).
@dcexaminer In earlier years of 2000's I made mistake of trusting American Consulate in Guadalajara with copies of emails I sent Arizona law enforcement, only to find myself lied about, betrayed, by staff employees there under leadership of Gordon Strachen(Sp?) and Thomas Schodt
@dcexaminer United States of America State Department tweets me and several thousand others several times daily on my regular Twitter account, may soon regret doing so where I am concerned.
@dcexaminer Re: old Arizona murder coverups criminally intentioned Americans, some internationally known journalists, now trying to use up my data credits on Twitter, tweeting my, Gordon Robbins, alternate account, not this account.
@dcexaminer Re: International murder cover-up criminal activities of Phoenix, AZ Police, both retired and active, Crossroads East, Alcoholics Anonymous recovery house and meeting place in Phoenix, AZ a HOTBED OF CRIMINAL ACTIVITY run by Phoenix Police for four decades.
@dcexaminer Phoenix, AZ police here in Mexico and at home involved in covering up murders of my father (1964) and a son of mine (1971) have a criminally intentioned and provable involvement with Alcoholics Anonymous in Phoenix, AZ dating back to 1980's at Crossroads in Phoenix.
@dcexaminer Now you understand the five plus decades old criminal tactics of Phoenix, AZ Police retirees here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, some of whom were also involved in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer Some of same 1964 murder cover-up ex-Phoenix, AZ police personnel living right here near Hotel Posada Iris of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, them and their associates still criminally involved internationally as they have been for more than five decades.  Provable!
@dcexaminer I, Gordon Robbins, lived some 50 years with emotional pain of believing my father C. Gordon Robbins death suicide because of silence of Phoenix, AZ Police and  early A.M. May 16, 1964 Arizona Republic newspaper article quoting Phoenix Police labeling  death "suicide".
@dcexaminer Ex-Phoenix, AZ Police officers living retired here in Mexico still trying to perpetuate their self serving, self seeking fantasy that I, Gordon Robbins, "protected" them after  May 15, 1964 home invasion police involved shotgun slaying of my father C. Gordon Robbins.
@dcexaminer Thomas Schodt, one of 1971 Arizona murderers of my son Patrick Robbins, expects his past with American Army and longterm "close relationship" with past American Consul-Guadalajara Gordon Stratchen(Sp?) will keep him from facing murder charges in Arizona!
@dcexaminer One of 1971 Arizona murderers of my son Patrick Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, past several months, Thomas Schodt, has had several helpers here including, apparently, several women and retired ex- Phoenix, AZ police veterans
@dcexaminer Again, American Army man Thomas Schodt involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins has lied extensively about the family history of my son Patrick's mother, her in no way a relative of the Schodt family as he has claimed.
@dcexaminer Thomas Schodt, homosexuality inclined American Army man involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, may have "enjoyed the all-night company" of my two and a half year old son Patrick the night before Patrick's murder.
@StateDept @EnergyAtState Some names of retired Ex-Arizona law enforcement people here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico involved in covering up 1964 and 1971 Phoenix, AZ murders of my father and a son of mine know to local Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Police!
@dcexaminer American State Department tweeting me here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico now receiving private tweets from me, Gordon Robbins, confirming same murder cover-up allegations your newspaper has received from me re: ex-Phoenix, AZ police retirees, etc. here in Mexico
@StateDept @SecPompeo @SecNielsen Canadian Embassy, Mexico City, representing Britain Commonwealth of Nations also represents major Canadian government criminal intent toward me internationally since Trans-Canadian highway, mid-1950's and here in Mexico since 1995 Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco.
@ScottsdaleFire Rodbell, Bernholz also involved in long term international cover-up regarding my name, Gordon Robbins, being promoted by criminal retired Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, and other regions as far south as Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX
@ScottsdaleFire Just to let you know Police Chief Alan Rodbell and retired Scottsdale, AZ Police detective Paul Bernholz have involved themselves internationally in long term cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@StateDeputySPOX @StateDept @TravelGov @instagram Palladino, do you realise you, with the American State Department, could be identified with a homosexual plagiarist murder cover-up specialist now employed with U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona
@StateDeputySPOX @StateDept @SecPompeo @teddyboylocsin @USEmbassyPH Massive longtern murder cover-up lies of Arizona and Federal law enforcement preceded for many years your today's Tweet to me, Gordon Robbins.
@dcexaminer Gerald Eaton, Arizona Republic assistant night city editor, one who wrote early A.M. May 16, Arizona Republic newspaper article attributed to Jack West, Eaton "supposedly" quoting unnamed Phoenix, AZ Police officers as labeling my father's shooting death  "a suicide".
@dcexaminer Arizona Republic execs, some staff fully aware and supportive of homosexual plagiarist 1964-1971 murder cover-up "Press Spokesman" running inside operations at  U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ. w/support of some Phoenix, AZ police, Maricopa County Sheriff's dep
@dcexaminer Arizona Republic newspaper execs, editors covered up reporter Jack West's complaints about the early morning May 16, 1964 news article bearing his name as writer quoting unnamed Phoenix, AZ police labeling my father's shooting death the evening before "a suicide"
@dcexaminer A major international criminal conspiracy to discredit both my identity and credibility (re: murder cover-ups) was begun near two years ago by Scottsdale, Arizona Police, Chief Alan Rodbell and retired detective Paul Bernholz, others in Scottsdale.
@StateDept Ex-Arizona law enforcement, in particular ex-Phoenix,AZ police w/long time history here Puerto Vallarta,Jalisco,  criminally involved internationally disputing my Gordon Robbins, identity here, Paul Bernholz, retired Scottsdale, AZ Police detective criminally involved
@StateDept Elite Bus Company of Mexico records may show seven trips between here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico after Oct. 19th, 2017, all involving Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico gangster crowd using my name, Gordon Robbins
@mileniotv Elite Bus Company of Mexico may show as many as seven trips by bus between here and Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico after October 19, 2017, all involving others using my name, Gordon Robbins, with criminal intent.
@dcexaminer Ex-Arizona state police and ex-Phoenix, Arizona Police personnel living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico part of an international law enforcement conspiracy to dispute my, Gordon Robbins, past 13-months of time here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@mileniotv Names Jana Munro, Frank Jessup, Frank Howard(Sp.), John Lewis, even Robert Bryant are amongst more modern names of American Federal Bureau of Investigation agents out of Phoenix, Arizona office involved in international criminal conspiracies against me, Gordon Robbins
@mileniotv Apparently true; American Federal Bureau of Investigation agents of Tucson, Arizona office began unjustified and false allegations of criminal activity on my, Gordon Robbins, part in late 1960's at Nogales, Arizona pedestrian international Border crossing.
@mileniotv For past four years a criminal homosexual plagiarist has been running Arizona murder cover-up operations out of Maricopa County, Arizona and U.S. of America Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona, him w/long past criminal associates at Washington Post and USDOJ
@mileniotv Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico gangster crowd referred to by me, Gordon Robbins here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico includes most of Mexican and foreign Canadian and American population of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.  Provable!
@mileniotv Myself, Gordon Robbins, longterm victim of Phoenix, Arizona Police murder cover-up conspiracies and Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero gangsters, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico since October 19th, 2017 and at Hotel Posada Iris here since November 19th, 2017
@mileniotv Retired and exe phoenix, Arizona police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico part of long term Phoenix, AZ police murder cover-ups, murder of my father in 1964 C. Gordon Robbins and a son Patrick Robbins in1971.  They will, of course, LIEM
@mileniotv Peggy Goldwater Bentley, daughter of late Arizona U.S. Senator and 1964 American presidential candidate Barry Goldwater here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and Joe Martori, San Blas, Nayart, part of international criminal plot against me, Gordon Robbins.
@partlowj A lot of contradictory info on treatment of migrantes floating around, brief mention 5.6 billion Senatr appropriation  to Guatamala.  .6 billion more than Trump can't get for the Wall.  Cheers!
@LoebVernon Vernon, Heard you were invited to White House.  Congratulations.
@osoriochong Miguel, what happened to your girlfriend, American Ambassador to Mexico, Jacobson?  She has two first names, easily confused.
@mileniotv Actors groups here Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico theater nightclubs promoting Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. cover-ups of May 15, 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins, March 12, 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale murder of my son Patrick Robbins,based on American Embassy lies
@mileniotv Your news people may have been lied to about my, Gordon Robbins, past and present whereabouts since 1964, myself here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico since October 19th, 2017.  Elite Bus Company criminally involved in allowing faking of my whereabouts since.
@mileniotv Canadian diplomats in Mexico City involved in mid-May, 2007 hastened death of retired Mexican Federal Transitory Police Commandante Javjer Torres also guilty of trying to identify me, Gordon Robbins, a natural born American citizen, as "a Canadian".
@dcexaminer Repeat--Tucson, AZ based Federal Bureau of Investigation agents began totally unjustified criminal prejudice toward me, Gordon Robbins, at Nogales, Arizona boarding crossing station in 1960's, them there serving  interests of American pharmaceutical firms
@dcexaminer Elena Cortez de Brun of Puerto Vallarta became a close family friend when and after December, 1966 when she arranged the wedding of myself and Bette on the patio of Hotel Los Cuatros Vientos here, she also arranged for or sometimes took care of our infant son Patrick
@dcexaminer In 1995 I made sho visit here to Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and decided to move here, I had no idea myself sole "beneficio heir" to Elena Cortez de Brun financial property trust here, now wonder why local lawyers, Phoenix, AZ lawyers here then knew and I didn't
@dcexaminer Also, some of same older retirees of Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. here in Mexico same men who came up with criminally perverted murder cover-up claim re:their non-investigation of murder of my father May 15, 1964 "because I didn't ask them to" investigate.
@dcexaminer Some of Phoenix, AZ Police retirees and successor retirees and active officers here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and in Phoenix same people who have run around 2 countries, U.S. of America and Mexico w/claims "old friends and associates" of me, Gordon Robbins.
@dcexaminer I, Gordon Robbins, lived 50 years with painful emotional belief my father committed suicide because of Phoenix, AZ Police silence coupled w/early morning Arizona Republic May 16, 1964 newspaper article quoting Phoenix, AZ Police saying my father's death "a suicide".
@dcexaminer Re: Phoenix, AZ police murder cover-ups my father, 1964, a son, 1971, Phoenix, AZ Police, retired, active, sabotaged themselves re: Elena Cortez de Brun financial-property trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico w/their lies, claims to be "old friends" of minr
@dcexaminer In 1978 I, Gordon Robbins, well known in Scottsdale-Phoenix, AZ area as a former Arizona Republic reporter, acquaintances and friends in area legal community, driver's license, vehicles, property in my name, etc.  State Bar Association of Arizona excuses all hollow.
@dcexaminer My, Gordon Robbins, position in this is that State Bar Association of Arizona execs. since 1978 simply avoided notifying me of Elena Cortez de Brun trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, their claim unable to locate me a simple falsehood.
@dcexaminer Retired-ex Phoenix, AZ Police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico involved in Arizona murder cover-ups part of criminal entities trying control me thru my, Gordon Robbins, sole "beneficio heir" interest in Elena Cortez de Brun financial-property trust here.
@dcexaminer Same matter, different subject, suggest you ask State Bar Association of Arizona why member lawyers knew my position, since 1978, as sole "beneficio heir" to Elena Cortez de Brun financial-property trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, myself never notified
@dcexaminer Scottsdale, AZ Police Dept. busy since 1993 kissing ass of American Army man Thomas Schodt, him involved in 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale murder of my son Patrick Robbins, and his incestuous mother, "Marge" Schodt of Alanon in Scottsdale, her involved  1968 child drowning.
@VallartaDaily Criminally intent group, young, well educated American+mixed blood Anglo-Mexicanos 20 to 35 years of age hang out in Puerto Vallarta's Col. Centro, them w/fatal attraction to back room women Anglo employees, OXXCO store at N/W corner Miramar and Calle Matamoros.
@dcexaminer American Embassy staff, military, Mexico City had/has strong murder cover-up motives behind their lies,  claiming I, Gordon Robbins, was not in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico in 1998 or in Mexico City in 1999 (Ambassador's Sunday Brunch)
@dcexaminer Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. obviously conspicuous internationally in cover-ups of May 15, 1964 Phoenix shotgun slaying of my father and March 12, 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale, AZ murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins,  accomplices w/American Diplomatic Corps here in Mexico
@dcexaminer  American Anglo women of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, say criminal intent American Consul Strachen(Sp?) would broadcast messages naming relatives of persons who complained about him as deceased.  He waited til 2008 to name my son Gordon Christopher Robbins.
@dcexaminer Criminal intent of said "death news broadcasts" here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco part of international support of easily proven Phoenix, AZ Police Department cover-ups of 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer One of American, Canadian, and Mexican mixed blood English speaking community's terrorist tactics is, and has been, to broadcast false claims various people have been murdered here in Mexico, begun in early 2000's by American Consul staff of Guadalajara.
@dcexaminer United States of America State Department spokespersons in unenviable position of having to cover-up for FOX Television News John Roberts and associates criminal lies and falsifications in Mexico, 2005-07, done w/collusion of some of American Embassy staff.
@dcexaminer Criminally intentioned actor's groups associated with nightclub theaters and owners here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico are now making their living by promoting the Phoenix, AZ Police murder cover-ups re: my father (1964) and one of my sons, Patrick (1971).
@dcexaminer Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico police may have been deliberately invited to witness what turned out to be a May 6th, 2009 FAILED attempt there to identify me with a known murderer of four persons in the U.S. of America, him same man passed off as "a friend" of mine.
@dcexaminer Criminal intent southwestern Wisconsin farm family members trying identify w/me, Gordon Robbins, have bases here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco and way south of here at Ixtapa- Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico. Eastern Iowa farm families may be based San Patricio, Jalisco.
@dcexaminer Because of Mexico's political religious opposition to capital punishment (execution of murderers) known American murderer of 4 persons there has  been allowed by Mexican authorities to pass himself off as "a friend" of mine here in Mexico.  Elite Bus Company involved
@dcexaminer Re: 6101 E. Calle del Norte home identified w/1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, criminally intent city of Phoenix officials, Phoenix, AZ Police have LIED about legal Phoenix location of that home, LIE promoted internationally for decades, murderers LIES.
@dcexaminer Blond haired Anglo male, early 30's, caught here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico w/Mexican Federal Police  trying pass himself off as American Army man Thomas Schodt involved in criminal 1971 Phoenix, AZ conspiracy re: drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer William "Bill" McGrail, criminal operative Los Angeles, Calif. Police Dept. here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico since 1986,  had brief history w/Phoenix, AZ Police Dept., placing  Alcoholics Anonymous sex  perverted McGrail as criminal op for two police agencies
@dcexaminer Believe this!  Criminally intentioned English language broadcast heard widely here in Mexico several months ago identifying the late John Ahern, 1960's, early 1970's Arizona DPS director as still being alive attributed to Arizona Republic newspaper in Phoenix, AZ
@dcexaminer Relatives of same southwestern Wisconsin farm families associated with Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. since early 1964 and Phoenix shotgun murder of my father now living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico w/second criminal base in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico
@dcexaminer Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. hierarchy has, since early 1964, colluded and conspired criminally against me, Gordon Robbins, with officers on their own police force from southwestern Grant County region of state of Wisconsin in U.S. of America.  Continued here in Mexico.
@dcexaminer Guadalajara Reporter owners Sean Godfried and Michael York themselves involved in three criminal scams against me, Gordon Robbins,since 1995 here in state of Jalisco, Mexico, Marriage and estate fraud, identity fraud, + name, identity of American Consul, Guadalajara
@dcexaminer For some 32 years some Jalisco State Police and their retirees based here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico have been kissing the ass of Los Angeles, Calif. Police operative and Alcoholics Anonymous sexual pervert William "Bill" McGrail.
@dcexaminer Criminally intent ex-Phoenix, AZ Police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and other regions of Mexico are going to have to explain their claims my father, C. Gordon Robbins, did not commit suicide in Phoenix May 15, 1964.  Police involved murder, what it was!
@dcexaminer American Embassy, Mexico City staff attempts to identify me, Gordon Robbins, as being  two different people in 1995 and since ties in with their late Dec., 2006 and Jan.-Feb., 2007 and later years criminal efforts to identify me as "a Canadian"
@dcexaminer Canadian Foreign Service-Canadian born Arizona fugitive Thomas Schodt operation in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico just an example of American diplomatic corps, military of Guadalajara Consulate facilitating criminal scams aimed at me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico.
@dcexaminer American Consulate employees, Guadalajara, Mexico responsible for 2006 false information transmitted by voice broadcast messaging to Mexico Police in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico tieing me, Gordon Robbins, to older Canadian born Arizona fugitive Thomas Schodt
@dcexaminer Rumors may be true that my ex-wife Bette Jane Robbins and her father, Peter T. Curran, him posing as me, Gordon Robbins, in early 1980's, collected 50, 000 dollars in life insurance on March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 AZ murder of my son Patrick, criminally intent American FBI agents in Phoenix, AZ sold me, Gordon Robbins, out in 1970's because of their "love" of former major league baseball star of 1960's living in Phoenix in late 1960's, later years.
@dcexaminer Please ask Scottsdale, AZ Police re: current whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (b. 1972 in Arizona), then ask why they protecting members of Sherri Gaertner-Tibbets Real Estate family and Holcomb Police families of Phoenix and Scottsdale.
@dcexaminer All your inquiries will get from Scottsdale, Tempe, and Phoenix, AZ Police are LIES and false information.  Reason why, Tempe and Phoenix, AZ police criminally involved since 1960's, Scottsdale Police since 1970's.
@dcexaminer Re: 1964 Phoenix murders of my father, 1964, and a son of mine, 1971, major international ongoing  criminal activity of ex-Phoenix, AZ Police murder cover-up people here in Mexico has been to try to identify me, Gordon Robbins as a "friend and associate of theirs".
@dcexaminer Arizona tied  names also criminally involved against me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico include Herbert Lowery and his two sons, Driggs family members, others out of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, Joe Martori his family and others in San Blas, Nayarit, Mexico.
@dcexaminer Criminal international operations of Arizona law enforcement (Phoenix, AZ Police, Maricopa County, AZ Sheriff's Dept., Arizona DPS (State Police) aided by criminal cooperation of both American and Canadian diplomatic corps, military, private citizens here in Mexico
@dcexaminer  iynternational alliance Arizona law enforcement (read Phoenix, AZ Police Dept.) + Puerto Vallarta, Mexico area law enforcement set up in 1960's by Arizona Department of Public Safety Director John Ahern (State Police) has well served criminal intent of	Phoenix Police
@dcexaminer Another criminal tool used by Phoenix, AZ Police Department for decades in their international criminal scams against me, Gordon Robbins, has been their Internal Affairs Division, known now as their Public Standards Bureau.  Easily provable!
@dcexaminer Several, if not many, of the ex- Phoenix, AZ Police Department officers involved in aforementioned Phoenix, AZ area criminal scams against me, Gordon Robbins, now live retired right here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata and other areas of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@dcexaminer In 1989-90 Alcoholics Anonymous Phoenix Police Department members attending meetings at Crossroads in Phoenix criminally misused an unsuspecting non-alcoholic fellow officer, claiming to him I had fathered a son born to he and his wife in late 1983 or early 1984.
@dcexaminer In late 1980's criminally intent Phoenix, AZ police used Alcoholics Anonymous to attach an undercover officer to me in Phoenix, his half brother a criminal fugitive associated w/a small taxi company in Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan, Mexico in 1998 and related years.
@dcexaminer Two criminal scams tried against me, Gordon Robbins, in greater Phoenix, AZ area in 1994-95 period, first combined efforts of Tempe and Phoenix police to identify me w/black prostitute, second by Phoenix Police Central Division to identify me as "a homosexual".
@dcexaminer A criminal scam to identify me, Gordon Robbins, an Anglo American, with Black women, mostly prostitutes has had criminally intent support from Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. and Arizona Republic newspaper execs, since late 1980's, an ongoing NAACP involved scam.
@dcexaminer Some headquarters officers of Phoenix, AZ Police and retirees here may be fully aware of criminal operations of ex-Phoenix officer Jack Helprin and his daughter Betty Helpren here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, her trying to pass herself off as my ex-wife here.
@dcexaminer My former wife Bette J. Robbins (nee Curran) and her American Federal Bureau of Investigation friends of Phoenix, AZ office criminally involved in entire murder cover-up matter internationally since early 1980's, FBI involved much earlier.
@dcexaminer "Pirates of Carribean" movie crew supposedly had three "accidental" deaths during filmings at Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in past years, only one reported to local authorities.  May have murdered my youngest son Matthew there in Nov., 2007.
@dcexaminer Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Police--some cooperating with moustachioed elderly actor  w/"Pirates of Carribean" 2007 movie crew Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico history background, operates "Golden Tacos" street sales of tacos here.  Him a provable criminal operative.
@dcexaminer An elderly moustachioed American Anglo actor w/"Pirates of Carribean" movie crew, Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, Nov., 2007, now running criminal operations here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico out of Hotel Los Quatros Vientos, adjacenct properties Col. Centro
@dcexaminer William "Bill" McGrail, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico with Los Angeles, Calif. Police background established criminal operative has had "trust" of Puerto Vallarta law enforcement since 1986, illegal financial support from a financial trust set up here by AA member.
@dcexaminer Regarding American law enforcement criminal ops. here in Puerto Vallarta, William "Bill" McGrail, former Los Angeles, Calif. Police officer and sexual perverted Alcoholics Anonymous member involved here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico since 1986.
@dcexaminer Believe this, Canadian Foreign Service, Mexican government,  running combined criminal murder cover-up operations out of American Consular Agency in Bahia de Banderas, Nayarit, Mexico.  Using Paradise Plaza location.
@dcexaminer Re: Arizona murders of my father, 1964, and a son, 1971, Susan Coe, journalist for Glendale Herald newspaper and Arizona Republic newspaper, a prejudiced black criminal operative for NAACP and Arizona law enforcement.
@alansmurray Alan, You and Clay Chandler have great deal of evidentiary material from me on Phoenix, AZ police involved 1964 murder of my father and 1971 murder of my son Patrick.  Feel free to use it;
@jdawsey1 Hi Josh, Sigma Delta Chi has probs.  Steve Berta, home chapter, Indianapolis Star is lo
@dcexaminer Arizona Republic newspaper in Phoenix, AZ has had such an eventful criminal behind the scenes as well as public involvement regarding 1964 murder of my father, 1971 murder of my son Patrick and 2007/apparent murder of my son Matthew.  Such a 	comfort they are.
@mileniotv I've been warned your news staff criminally involved in the old Phoenix, AZ police murder cover-ups re: my father 1964, son Patrick, 1971, general mixed blood population and theatrical groups of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero and Mexico City also involved.
@dcexaminer Some of gangster crowd now here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico just old enough to have been involved in filming of "Pirates of the Caribbean", the 2007 filming associated with murder of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins.
@dcexaminer Re: Nov, 2007 Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico murder of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins, Canadian man in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero who had Matthew's wallet in 2007 paid for studio photos on Facebook later showing a phony Matthew and family in Carmel, Indiana
@dcexaminer Arizona Republic newspaper criminal and manipulative involvement dates back to 1964-1965 and early 1965 Phoenix Gazette newspaper ties of employee Pam Eaton and others to woman using name Joanna Briggs from London, England.
@dcexaminer Nearly four years ago then Arizona Republic editor Nichol Carroll set out to destroy every copy of May 16. 1964 Arizona Republic newspaper article in which Phoenix, AZ Police formally quoted labeling the May 15, 1964 shotgun murder of my father "a suicide".
@dcexaminer Jane Hull,  former Arizona Secretary of State, Alcoholics Anonymous member faked my attendance at AA meetings at Crossroads in Phoenix, AZ from 1995 on, same Jane Hull in Zihuatanejo,Guerrero, MX for U.S. military reunion  Nov,,,2007 tine of murder of my son Matthew
@dcexaminer What I detest about criminally intent retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Mexico and the FBI also is their expectation I should be able to name THEIR CRIMINAL ASSOCIATES involved in this internationally claiming to be "old friends" of mine.
@dcexaminer Lisa Page, an assistant director of Federal Bureau of Investigation read, discounted my emails to James Comey on FBI, Phoenix Police cover-up of March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  Cover-up existed:cause  local Phoenix FBi friendships.
@dcexaminer Murder of one woman Alejandra Cortez, and disappearance of another woman a result of criminal activities of American and Canadian diplomats and military in Mascota and Los Volcanoes, Jalisco, Mexico December, 2007 thru late March, April, 2008.
@dcexaminer Phoenix, AZ Police chiefs of recent past years, Joe Yahner, Jack Harris, Daniel Garcia should be asked about older Arizona murder and murder cover-ups re: my father and one son of mine, only Garcia will probably not need to lie or misrepresent factual matters.
@dcexaminer Arizona Republic newspaper execs cooperated w/criminally intentioned FBI in Phoenix, AZ, using name of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins as murder victim in article published May 8, 2008, this after my April 7, 2008 "event filled" visit to their Phoenix office.
@dcexaminer Massive need by American State Department, diplomatic corps and same of Canada plus military to cover-up apparent murder of yet another son of mine in mid-Nov.,of 2007 at Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico bringing to three number of my closest relatives murdered.
@dcexaminer Anyone familiar w/American State Department websites on internet knows Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico American Consulate website featured falsified official listing of a black woman named Tanya Anderson as American Consul in Guadalajara from years 2015 thru 2017.
@dcexaminer Factual matter, Arizona Republic newspaper employees in February, 2013 used newspaper's Facebook page to try to identify me, an Anglo, with black women, made mistake of using photo of Susan Coe, then reporter with Glendale Herald newspaper in Arizona.
@dcexaminer Canadian government in Canada has been criminally involved in this since 1954-55 period when a Texaco Service Station operator mistakenly reported me as a runaway, myself traveling west with my parents by car at the time.
@dcexaminer Federal Bureau of Investigation agents, Phoenix, AZ office criminally involved in plot to manipulate me using my then minor sons Matthew and Gordon Christopher, 1983 -1987, money and FBI agent Frank Howard (sp?) one of agents involved, them friends of my ex-wife.
@dcexaminer Probably true, Warner Bros. Mexico staff, actors involved in murder and cover-up of mid-Nov, 2007 murder of yet another of my sons, Matthew Peter Robbins at Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, Matthew born Feb.,1972 in Arizona.  Criminal USAToday newspaper involved
@dcexaminer Some elements of local Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico police may be involved in same older Arizona murder cover ups ex-Phoenix, AZ Police are criminally promoting here in Mexico, 1964 murder of my father, 1971 murder of a son of mine.
@dcexaminer Phoenix, AZ police retirees have some well paid and some volunteers criminal help, both men and women, Mexican-American right here near Hotel Posada Iris, called Lazaro Cardenas # 520, Colonia Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, where I am staying.
@dcexaminer Substitutes for my ex-wife Bette used in criminal plots internationally as well as by local lawyers in Phoenix, AZ area.  My ex-wife and her late father, Peter T. Curran were involved with some of them in 1980's, early 90's neighbors in Town of Paradise Valley, AZ.
@dcexaminer A possibility exists one or more men who served with American Military in Vietnam later involved as FBI agents in Phoenix, AZ , catering to same murder cover-up people from American Military who murdered 13 other children in early years after Vietnam war.
@dcexaminer Only after March 10, 2009 did younger agents at FBI office in Phoenix, AZ take an interest in this, coming into Jalisco state of Mexico in search of me for information reasons, their trip sabotaged by older criminally intentioned agents at sane Phoenix office.
@dcexaminer Believe it.  Federal Bureau of Investigation has continuously made criminal choices in both the May 15, 1964 Phoenix murder of my father and 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  This obviously true, question is why?
@dcexaminer Relatives of my father in 1964 contacted U.S. of America Justice Department officials and were assured Phoenix, AZ Police were trustworthy.  Now known one of their own shotgunned my father in home invasion murder current Phoenix P.D. trying to label an accident.
@dcexaminer I first learned of my father Charles Gordon Robbins death from neighbors in early  morning of May 16, 1964 and early morning same day Arizona Republic newspaper article quoting Phoenix, AZ police labeling my father's death "a suicide.  Silence from Phoenix, AZ Police.
@dcexaminer The U S. of America Justice Department in 1964-65 made mistake of trusting Phoenix, AZ Police Department re: May 15, 1964 Police involved home invasion shotgun slaying of my father, a murder I, Gordon Robbins, believed a suicide for some 50 years, more to come.
@dcexaminer Curious, is U.S. of America FBI asking your newspaper to sit on all this criminally relevant Arizona law enforcement murder cover-up info the same way they've done w/so many journalists and major media operations in U.S. of America?
@dcexaminer Ask Phoenix, AZ police about suspicious heart attack death in Feb., 2002 of nationally known attorney John Frank, lead attorney for Brown and Bain law firm in Phoenix and MENTOR to well known Janet Napolitano, a Brown and Brain employee for many years
@dcexaminer Time magazine has received such signed letters from retired, active Phoenix, AZ police near eight-ten years ago. alleging I, Gordon Robbins,"profited" from their cover-ups of 1964 Phoenix police involved murder of my father and 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick.
@dcexaminer Any number of former Phoenix, AZ police officers at home and here in Mexico--did they start sending you messages about how they claim I, Gordon Robbins, "profited" from the May 15, 1964 police involved shotgun home invasion murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins?
@dcexaminer Back to Janet Napolitano, Arizona political figure, Ms. Napolitano used an alias when introduced to myself and Patrick's mother, Bette, about 5:30 P.M. Friday, March 11, 1971 by woman using name "Kathy Schodt" herself established in that east Phoenix neighborhood.
@dcexaminer Phoenix and Scottsdale, AZ Police and related law enforcement, legal agencies in Phoenix, AZ area have had this Sherri Gaertner-Tibbets involved information for several years and failed to investigate or are covering up for Gaertner-Tibbets family.  Obvious!
@dcexaminer Early March, 2012 Sherri Gaertner-Tibbets, Real Estate Broker in Arizona, told me in local phone call my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins had moved to Indiana, her told to lie to me by one of her daughters in previous international call from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero,
@mileniotv Part of reason for Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexici law enforcement and municipal official's lies about my whereabouts since Oct. 19, 2017 has to do with their cover-up of possible mid-November, 2007 murder of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins there.
@mileniotv Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero commissarios and law enforcement expect your news staff to believe their lies, them claiming myself, Gordon Robbins, right here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico since October 19, 2017, to still be in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero.
@mileniotv According to American Embassy, Mexico City law enforcement related staff, local and regional Zihuatanejo, Mexico police have reputation of covering up presence of extradictable criminals from U.S. of America living there.  May include Canadian fugitives also
@dcexaminer Believe it, California State Police Criminal Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has a criminal fugitive agent from their own agency in place in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico some 20 years, paid  informant to CBI lieing to identify me as father to a black blooded boy there.
@mileniotv Persons claiming to be Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Police responsible for criminally intent plot to identify me, Gordon Robbins, as "a friend" of man wanted for four murders dating back to 1976, this done at Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico 10-12 years ago.
@mileniotv A major failed attempt to identify me, Gordon Robbins, w/same man wanted for four murders in U.S. of America made May 6, 2009 at  police barracks, Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico, witnessed by 20 to 30 local police and a Mexican Federal AFI agent.
@mileniotv Lieing to your news people about my, Gordon Robbins, current and past whereabouts part and parcel of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico law enforcement and general population's criminal intent and activities.  Factual truth!
@mileniotv Elite Bus Company of Mexico staff has been criminally involved in Mexican law enforcement efforts to identify me, Gordon Robbins, as friends of man wanted for four murders in California and Arizona dating to 1976, him sheltered here in Mexico for decades.
@mileniotv Mexican law enforcement, even at  Federal AFI level, lie openly all over Mexico, trying for several decades to identify me, Gordon  Robbins, as a friend of known murderer wanted for four murders in California and Arizona dating to 1976.  Doing same Puerto Vallarta now!
@USATODAY USAToday newspaper's Jeff Taylor became criminally involved in international efforts to discredit me, Gordon Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico quite recently, his accomplice Steve Berta from Indianapolis Star his accomplice.
@USATODAY Are you at USAToday newspaper proud of your murder cover-up work carried out internationally on behalf of Phoenix, AZ Police and Arizona Republic newspaper?  One, possibly two sons of mine murdered while you people conspire w/American Consulate staffs, Guadalajara
@dcexaminer Jeff Taylor, USAToday newspaper and Steve Berta, w/USAToday newspaper affiliate Indianapolis Star, represent long line of USAToday journalists criminally aligned against me, Gordon Robbins, tieing to recent years USAToday correspondent in Guadalajara and her husband.
@dcexaminer Retired Arizona law enforcement people here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico lead murder cover-up lives with international assistance of American Consulate staff, Guadalajara, Embassy staff, Mexico City, and Arizona Republic newspaper execs, staff of Phoenix, AZ
@dcexaminer American Embassy successive security staffs, FBI retirees, Mexico City, involved in criminally intent falsifications re: myself Gordon Robbins, since late 1990's if not since long before, 1964 + 1966 Mexico City and people I met and knew there.
@dcexaminer Jeff Taylor of USAToday and Steve Berta of USAToday affiliate Indianapolis Star newspaper, represent long-term criminal behavior and falsification acts re: me, Gordon Robbins, by successive staffs of American Consulate, Guadalajara, Mexico, Arizona Republic newspaper
@dcexaminer American news people recently involved internationally here in Puerto Vallarta,  include Jeff Taylor, USAToday; Steve Berta, Indianapolis Star,; both tied to long term criminal intent of American Consulate staff, Guadalajara, Mexico staff toward me, Gordon Robbins.
@dcexaminer Arizona Republic, USAToday international involvement in cover-up of Phoenix, AZ murders of my son in 1971 and my father in 1964 has been international in scope, State Department personnel  Guadalajara Consulate, American Embassy, Mexico City, etc.
@dcexaminer Arizona Republic execs, editors, some reporters, involved w/Phoenix, AZ Police, other news media, in cover-ups of May 15, 1964 police involved home invasion slaying of my father C. Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@mileniotv Elite Bus Company may have lost their direct Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero route between Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco because of 11 years of criminal involvements with fugitive American murderer of four persons sheltered here nn Mexico, not just recent events.
@WBPictures_Mx Warner Bros. Mexico involved in apparent mid-November, 2007 apparent murder of my son Matthew Peter Robbins at Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico and later crimes against myself, Gordon Robbins, Matthew's father, in Mexico City in subsequent years.
@dcexaminer Re: International murder cover-ups--Arizona's Bureau of Vital Statistics has been used as murder cover-up tool by Arizona and American Federal Law enforcement agencies because of a records access law passed in 2008 that was made retroactive.
@dcexaminer Steven Spielberg, Hollywood producer, student at Arcadia High School in Phoenix, AZ 1971, knew one or more persons including American Army man Thomas Schodt involved in March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my, Gordon Robbins, son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer Likely, two studio workers who took loaded gun to Spielberg's Beverly Hills home day his sister shot were working w/film crew of "Pirates of Carribean" at Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in Nov., 2007 at time of apparent murder of my son Matthew Peter Robbins
@dcexaminer SIMPLE FACT: Direct, indirect links exist between Steven Spielberg, March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, shooting of Spielberg's sister, and possible mid-November, 2007 murder of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins in Zihuatanejo.
@mileniotv There is good chance my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins was murdered by "Pirates of The Carribean" film crew in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in November of 2007, his murder covered up locally. Myself Gordon Robbins, his father.
@mileniotv Even Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero police are criminally involved in, lieing to your news people about my, Gordon Robbins whereabouts the past 13 months which has been Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@dcexaminer Some former Phoenix Police criminal officers have been legally extradicted out of Mexico to Phoenix Arizona only to be set free by the U. S. of America Federal Marshal's office in Phoenix, AZ while run by David Gonzalez (Sp.?).  Info of Mexico's Federal Police
@dcexaminer Here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico ex-Arizona law enforcement people like Jack Halpren(Sp?l involved in covering up old Arizona police involved murders escape detection, run free because I, Gordon Robbins, don't spell their names correctly.
@dcexaminer Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Police now know of old Arizona murder cover-up operations being run here in Puerto Vallarta by former Phoenix, AZ police officer Jack Halprin and his wife/fauggter Betty Halprin.  Halprin, others involved here in Mexico for years.
@dcexaminer Re: Arizona murders of my father (1964) and son of mine (1971) Jack Halprin has been one of several former Arizona law enforcement people and FBI agents running murder cover-up operations living retired. right here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@dcexaminer Puerto Vallarta police know Jack Halprin, former Phoenix, AZ police officer and his criminal bitch wife/daughter Betty Halprin are running major Arizona murder cover-up scams right here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@PhilipRucker Phil, Re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, How close a friend are you to the homosexual plagiarist with Washington D.C. background running inside murder cover-up operations at U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ?
Phil, A former Phoenix, AZ police officer pretending to be a retired U.S. of America Justice Department lawyer here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico is one of several criminally involved in covering up 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@PhilipRucker Phil,  Rs: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Are you aware Janet Napolitano lied about my, Gordon Robbins, whereabouts the day of March 12, 1971 with help of FBI and U. S. Justice Department, trying frame me?
@dcexaminer Federal Bureau of Investigation employment for Janet Napolitano at FBI office in Phoenix, AZ first six months of 1971 arranged by United States of America Justice Department, their employee at time she involved in murder cover-up conspiracy re: my son Patrick Robbins.
@dcexaminer Simple fact.  Janet Napolitano rose herself to the Obama presidential cabinet on the dead body of my murdered son Patrick Robbins (babysitter, March 11-12, 1971, Phoenix, AZ) with help of FBI, Phoenix area law firms and United States of America Justice Department
@dannowicki Dan, Was Jeff Flake supposed to compliment you in his departure speech to the U.S. Senate and forgot to?
@Canada Canadian Foreign Service, Military under siege here in Mexico by countrymen, countrywomen who suddenly want repatriation, free transportation home!
@USATODAY Jeff Taylor's name and post with USAToday being used by imposter here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico--co-conspirator  of imposter is Steve Berta, ex- Indianapolis Stsr reporter!
@yvonnewingett @azcentral So what else is new?
@StateDept Your criminally intentioned American Consulate staff in Guadalajara, Mexico is intercepting all emails addressed to acsmexicocity@ https://t.co/bjdmZwdLjG  address of American Embassy in Mexico City.  Been going on for year or more--ccsmexicocity still get there.
@MesaPD State Department cover-up 2007 American Embassy staff, Mexico City long distance telephone crime against local Mesa woman Dee Martin may show in your records, my son Gordon Christopher Robbins last known to be living in Mesa may be in danger from same group
@StateDept Murder of my son Patrick Robbins March 12, 1971 in Phoenix, AZ possibly Vietnam era military related.  Possible my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins murdered in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico Nov., 2007 at time of American Military Vietnam veteran reunion
@StateDept Curiously, a former Arizona Secretary of State, Jane Hull of Alcoholics Anonymous fame in Phoenix was in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico for a American military reunion in November of 2007 at same time some believe my son Matthew Peter Robbins murdered there
@phoenixpolice Bomb threats may originate w/persons aware of Phoenix, AZ Police Department historic cover ups of 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  Not known by mem
@dcexaminer Alcoholics Anonymous facility known as Crossroads, 1845 E. Ocotillo in Phoenix, AZ in 1980's home base for several Phoenix, AZ police  now retired involved in criminal activities against me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico for past dozen years.
@dcexaminer Older farm family members, Baumgartner-Christopherson family from southwest Wisconsin who conceived criminal ploy of claiming to be my closest relatives followed me here to Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in late Oct., early Nov., 2017.
@dcexaminer At this point here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico I'm also pursued by an American criminal bitch operative using name Betty Halparin(Sp?) claiming to have been married to me in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, her after the big money she thinks flows to me.
@dcexaminer Criminally intentioned southwestern Wisconsin farm family descendants have established a base of operations in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico pursuing their elder group's false claims of them being my closest relatives in Mexico or anywhere else.
@dcexaminer State Bar Association of Arizona officials need to be questioned on legal matters re: estate left by my former wife Bette's grandfather Joseph Keyrouse who died in 1972 in New York state. American Consulate staff, Guadalajara involved criminally in that matter also
@dcexaminer Said criminally intentioned and unproven allegations against me, Gordon Robbins, by Phoenix, AZ police since 1964 murder of my father have even echoed through the law enforcement offices of Canada and Mexico with similar non results.
@dcexaminer Practically every criminal allegation against me, Gordon Robbins, since Phoenix, AZ Police involved May 15, 1964 shotgun murder of my father, C.Gordon Robbins, made by Phoenix Police retirees + active officers remains unproven, said allegations made w/criminal intent
@dcexaminer Believe it!  This sort of phony Proxmire allegation once part and parcel of American Diplomatic, Military criminal activities here in Mexico, major criminal involvement of American Consulate and military staffs, Guadalajara and same w/American Embassy, Mexico City.
@dcexaminer Criminal attempts to identify me with 1970's(?) hanging death of U.S. Senator William Proxmire in Janesville, Wisconsin made in 1976 to my now former wife Bette, later believed by Proxmire's daughter Florence until she met me in Mazatlan, Sinaloa, MX in 2005.
@Milenio Re: Elena Cortez de Brun property and financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, a criminal Anglo fraud artist named Gloria Whiting left free to walk the streets here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@dcexaminer American Embassy staff, Mexico City, has told various lies about my whereabouts in Mexico and U.S. of America since and before 1995, provable by their own records and records of Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. and State Department records, Washington, D.C.
@dcexaminer Phoenix Law Enforcement Association a criminal group, main goals to cover-up Phoenix, AZ Police involved May 15, 1964 shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins + Phoenix, AZ Police involvement in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of son Patrick
@dcexaminer American Marine Corps officer, Anglo, who made false allegations against me, Gordon Robbins, Sept. 18, 2000 at American Embassy, Mexico City, wound up current member of criminal Phoenix Law Enforcement Association in Phoenix, AZ, group involved in murder cover-ups.
@osoriochong Mexican law enforcement in Navajos, Sonora, Mexico resurrected an American Marine Corps officer criminally involved in false allegations against me, Gordon Robbins evening of Sept. 18, 2000 at American Embassy, Mexico City.  Anyone you know, Senor Ching!
@dcexaminer Here I am again, Washington Examiner, back on my regular Twitter account, same person, same birth date, like my face w/out sunglasses, murder cover-up crowd active against me here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico consists of others besides retired Phoenix Police
@dcexaminer Phoenix, AZ Police, .Maricopa County Sheriff's Department personnel ordered to cooperate with homosexual plagiarist now running U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, passing him evidentary info on murders of my father, 1964 and on one of my sons, 1971.
@dcexaminer For nearly four years evidentiary emails I, Gordon Robbins, sent Phoenix, AZ Police, Maricopa County Sheriff's Department, some other law enforcement, prosecutorial entities given to homosexual plagiarist now and past two years him running U.S. Attorney's office.
@BostonGlobe Hello Boston Globe, more from me, Gordon Robbins, re: Arizona Republic newspaper execs, staff involvement supporting Phoenix, AZ police involved May 15, 1964 shotgun murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins + their cover up March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick
@dcexaminer I, Gordon Robbins, get a big kick out of the murderers helpers w/major newspapers in U.S. of America who Tweet me on my alternate Twitter address, also set up here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.  They like my sunglasses.
@SecPompeo Central Intelligence Agency under your command in 2007 when highly sensitive confidential CIA voice broadcast information released to, published by El Universal newspaper in Mexico City June 7, 2007?  Released by renegade agents or who's orders?
@dcexaminer Any Tweets I send Heather Neuart at State Department wind up on cellphones and computers of American military veterans here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, most likely a FOX news conspiracy birthed by criminally intentioned John Roberts w/FOX .
@SecPompeo Are you people actually in tune w/American Army veterans here now in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico intent on making "a joke" out of very real March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins and Phoenix Police cover-up of same?
@dcexaminer Making "a joke" out of very real March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins began w/American community in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, 2012, one of them w/ Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff's Department ties actually involved in the murder.
@dcexaminer One of goals of American Military retirees here now in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico is to make "a joke" out of the very real March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, then possible associates of murderer Thomas Schodt.
@dcexaminer American Army retirees posing as normal American tourists have infiltrated the neighborhood near Hotel Posada Iris, Lazaro Cardenas 520, here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico where I have been staying for over a year.  Murderers helpers!
@dcexaminer Successive staffs, U.S. of America Consulate, Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, men and women, successive years since 1996 here in Mexico have lied about my whereabouts and identity, suddenly they, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, expect me to trus them.
@dcexaminer There are several men who, for money helped set up the March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins gathered near me here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico near Mercado Emiliano Zapata.  Some Vietnam war veterans!
@dcexaminer  American Army records available in Maryland in U.S. of America show I, Gordon Robbins, right now here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico was exempt from military during Vietnam Era for physical reasons. Those near me here saying otherwise are murderers helpers.
@dcexaminer Woman who used name "Kathy Schodt" in setting up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins supposedly lost two loved ones with American military during Vietnam War, staging area Fort Benning, Georgia in U.S. of America.
@dcexaminer Fourteen children of men who did not serve in the Vietnam War were murdered in the early 1970's in a perverted criminal plot, myself, Gordon Robbins, the only one of the fathers legally exempted from military service for physical reasons.
@dcexaminer Repeat, murderers of my son Patrick Robbins March 12, 1971 in Phoenix, AZ thought they were murdering a member of  Thomas Schodt family, my son Patrick Robbins targeted over Vietnam War and deliberate misidentification of my then wife Bette as a Schodt relative!
@dcexaminer American Army gave Thomas Schodt very liberal leaves of absence from his American Arny post in Mexico City in early 1971, Army records stored in Maryland,  U.S. of America may reveal extent of his 1971 before and after lies re: March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick.
@dcexaminer American Army man Thomas Schodt has lied substantially in two countries, even at one time claiming himself the father of my son Patrick Robbins, him definitely part of the conspiracy to murder mine and Bette's son Patrick Taylor Robbins in Phoenix, AZ March 12, 1971
@dcexaminer Target of 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins was supposed to have been member of Schodt family, neither myself Gordon Robbins nor Patrick's mother, my then wife Bette, she born Bette Jane Curran August 2nd, 1945 in New York state.
@dcexaminer Anglo American couple occupying home, N/E corner 61st. Place and Calle del Notre, realising myself, Gordon Robbins, not Thomas Schodt, went on to lie about identity of my then wife Bette, Patrick's mother, thus setting up the March 12, 1971 Phoenix murder of Patrick.
@dcexaminer Unidentified Anglo American couple occupying home at N/E corner, 61st Place and Calle del Norte in Phoenix Jan., 1971 first thought me "Thomas Schodt", male asked immediately about Vietnam war service, then realised I, Gordon Robbins, was not Thomas Schodt,
@dcexaminer Eric Holder, former Attorney General, U.S. of America, may be holding evidence detrimental to staff of U.S. of America Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ re: March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@dcexaminer Dennis Burke, forced to resign as U.S. Federal Attorney in Arizona in 2010, apparently holding evidence one of his own employees involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, may have tried to frame me, Gordon Robbins.
@statedeptspox America Embassy staff criminally involved in efforts to identify me, Gordon Robbins, natural born American citizen, as "a Canadian" in late 2006, Jan, 2nd, 3rd, 2007 since in Mexico City, communicating criminal efforts around Mexico and to State Department
@statedeptspox Canada has a history of trying to identify me, Gordon Robbins, a natural born American citizen, that dates to 1954-55 and the Trans-Canadian highway.  Nothing new in their criminal attempts at same here in Mexico past 23 plus years, since August, 1995.
@dcexaminer State Bar Association of Arizona who had 1977 divorce agreement between myself and Patrick's mother, Bette J. Robbins (nee Bette J. Curran, born August 2nd, 1945 in New York) upheld in Maricopa County Superior Court in 1984 is holding evidence of her divorcé fraud.
@dcexaminer Janet Napolitano, involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins has lied, claiming myself, Gordon Robbins, there at 6101 E. Called del Norte home in Phoenix that morning, man she saw Thomas Schodt.
@dcexaminer Janet Napolitano employed by Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Phoenix, AZ office first six months of 1971, same Janet Napolitano.  Woman using name "Kathy Schodt" fired Napolitano as our "babysitter" about 11 A.M. March 12, 1971 and brought in Koenan
@dcexaminer Unbelievable about Janet Napolitano's involvement in 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, read some of her 1971 writings published by Arizona legal associations about "babysitters" involved in child deaths.
@dcexaminer John Ahern's stepdaughter Connie Koenan, was definitely involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins and quite possibly Janet Napolitano, considered a major suspect by some Phoenix, AZ Police retirees.
@dcexaminer Arizona Republic newspaper execs, editors, some staff have aligned themselves w/descendants and step children of deceasedJohn Ahern, 1960's, early 1970's director of Arizona Department of Public Safety (State Police).  Criminal intent involved international
@dcexaminer Here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico anonymous voices claim Washington Examiner sister newspaper to Washington Post.  Wait til you meet sister newspaper to Arizona Republic in Indianapolis, Indiana known as the "Star", former home of Steve Berta
@dcexaminer Down here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico Phoenix, AZ Police retirees, criminal associates also live in, operate businesses in some of buildings west of Calle Naranja of Colonia Emiliano Zapata.  Tile, seasons, Manny's Bar and Grill, etc.
@dcexaminer Phoenix, AZ Police involved in May 15, 1964 murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins actively recruiting relatives of farm family people from Grant County, Wisconsin in Phoenix, AZ, people I didn't even know now claiming to be my closest relatives here in Mexico
@dcexaminer Scottsdale, AZ Police have been criminally involved since 2005-06 in whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins,  disappearance facilitated by "Jack" Holcomb father and son police family, father Phoenix, son Scottsdale, 6409 E. Karen Drive.
@dcexaminer Complicated?  Not when you follow the international criminal ties of Arizona law enforcement (Phoenix, AZ Police) dating back to before May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ police involved shotgun murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins.
@dcexaminer  Arizona federal criminal named Malouf who spent ten years in a American Federal prison in Texas (1970's-1980's) lives here on Calle Lazaro Cardenas west of Calle Naranja of Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, John Ahern friend 1960's.
@dcexaminer Already proven, FBI secretly holds information on 1960's, 1970's and sincd Tempe, Arizona Police Department, municipal employee, political and "social register" crowd deliberately conspiracy to label me, Gordon Robbins, a criminal operative with Mexico ties
@dcexaminer Criminal operations out of near entire population of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico disputing my, Gordon Robbins, current identity here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico tie to Tempe, Arizona people, ex-Phoenix police living there since early 1960's
@dcexaminer Washington Post has an age-old tie to the homosexual plagiarist running inside operations at U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ, them involved in discrediting my, Gordon Robbins, identity here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@dcexaminer American Army man Thomas Schodt involved l in March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins has planted his LIES about his incestuous mother and ancestry of my son Patrick's mother with top officials of Mexico, Canada, and U.S.
@dcexaminer John Ahern referred to ran Arizona Department of Public Safety (State Police) in late 1960's, early 1970's, his stepdaughter Connie Koenan involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins along w/Thomas Schodt
@statedeptspox Heather, Canadian diplomats to UN may be part of a long term criminal conspiracy to try to label me, Gordon Robbins, "a Canadian", as part of cover-up of a Canadian being in on plot re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@SecPompeo Canadian goverment at home and it's representatives here in Mexico a major criminal force out to undermine American influence in Mexico w/help of some active American military, diplomats in Guadalajara Consulate and American Embassy, Mexico City.
@dcexaminer John Ahern, Arizona Department of Public of Public Safety (State Police) pioneered Arizona law enforcement criminal involvement with American Arizonans living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico in the 1960's.  Carried forward as needed since.
@dcexaminer Murder referred to in previous tweet--Phoenix, AZ Police involved May 15, 1964 shotgun slaying of my father Charles Gordon Robbins and Phoenix Police cover-up of March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@CarolLeonnig Caroll, are you not sorry you involved yourself in Washington Post side of cover ups of 1964 and 1971 Phoenix, AZ Police Department cover-ups of murder of my father, Charles Gordon Robbins and my son Patrick Taylor Robbins?
@dcexaminer U.S. Federal Attorney's office, Phoenix, AZ inside operations run by homosexual plagiarist hired by murder cover-up professionals at U.S.D.O.J., Ann Birmingham Scheele has details, she acting Federal Attorney there in 2010 after Dennis Burke resigned
@WSJ Glenn Kessler, ALEXIOS, Michelle Yes He Lee (Michelle Lee, former Kessler assistant) putting out false info claiming Marty Baron editor of WSJ.	I've exposed them before, ALEXIOS now active in Florida.
@SecPompeo Being photographed with people from FOX Television news must be like doing special guest minutes in updated old Alfred Hitchcock TV series reruns.
@statedeptspox Heather, State Bar Association has an application to practice law in your name.  Keeping it secret!
@mateagold Mates, Have you ever considered Glenn Kessler a fool for associating with an assistant secretly known as ALEXIOS and promoting the "romantic life" of another assistant, Michelle Lee?
@SecPompeo American Consulate, Guadalajara, Mexico a long-term criminally staffed operation run by Gordon Strachen for 20 years, him gone making no difference.  Murder cover-up personnel, liars, burglars helpers.
@Phoenix_NC ?Another addition to the criminal pack of Phoenix, AZ journalists involved in covering up 1964 shotgun murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins and 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins?
NASA’s Voyager 2 Probe Enters Interstellar Space via NASA https://t.co/qhvnaZVODt
Criminal filth who's very existence your agency is responsible for because of David Gonzalez's Phoenix murder cover-up involvement with Michael Frost are now trying to run show here in Puerto Vallarta, actors want women involved.  Payoffs.
@StateDept Credence given Thomas Schodt's outright lies by Schodt's American military associates about ancestry of my ex-wife Bette, mother of my son Patrick Robbins murdered March 12, 1971 as result of criminal plot involving Schodt and female criminal accomplice  "Kathy Schodt
@StateDept High ranking American Army officers still accepting lies of Army man Thomas Schodt re: his involvement in criminal plots re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins may believe Schodt's lie out of "simple convenience".
@StateDept American Embassy, Mexico City staff criminal ties directly to CNN and FOX television news in Mexico City need to be investigated going back to year 2000.  Too much collusive evidence re: Embassy release, involvement in some deliberately inaccurate info
@StateDept F.Y.I.--USAToday newspaper correspondent in Guadalajara who helped cover-up name(s?) of American Consulate staff involved in 2002-03 burglaries and Anglo militar-diplomat boyfriend part of 2008 death falsifications using name of my son Gordon Christopher Robbins.
@SecPompeo Lies of American Consulate staff in Guadalajara re: my, Gordon Robbins, whereabouts in 2002-05 designed to identify me w/burglaries of homes in greater Guadalajara area, at same time aid cover-up of involvement of one or more Consulate staff.
@elsolde_mexico Might be interesting to investigate Arizona sponsored medical experiments in Guadalajara in 2005, participated in by Mexican Alcoholics Anonymous members from here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, who have since lied about my part in that entire matter.
@canadapostcorp Discrediting my American citizenship by falsely labeling me, Gordon Robbins, "a Canadian" a higher goal of Canadian government, foreign service, active and retired military, intelligence agents, private Canadian citizens here in Mexico since 1995.
@StateDept Canadian government criminal intent toward myself and my mother and father began in 1954 or 1955 on the Trans-Canadian highway west of International Falls, Minnesota, subtle continuation challenging my natural born American citizenship down thru the years.
@StateDept Phoenix, AZ Police "gift" to me re: the May 15, 1964 police involved shotgun murder of my father was silence compounded by an Arizona Republic newspaper article quoting same Phoenix Police labeling my father's death "a suicide".  I lived w/that some 50 years.
@StateDept After May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ police involved shotgun murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins, silence of Phoenix Police re: early morning May 16, 1964 Arizona Republic newspaper article quoting Phoenix police as labeling the shooting "a suicide".
@StateDept Phoenix, AZ police involved in May 15, 1964 murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins have created and maintained an internationally distributed self serving delusional fantasy that I, Gordon Robbins, "protected them" after my father's murder.
@wisgop Wisconsin farm family descendants here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico under investigation for several 1978 deaths of Fennimore, Wisconsin First State Bank board memberd, one "Nick" Cramer close friend of the late President Nixon.
@StateDept Criminally intentioned American Army brats in criminal complicity with Thomas Schodt's lies surrounding his involvement March 12,.1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins seem to be trying to populate Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@StateDept I, Gordon Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico since Oct. 19, 2017, have also been told by anonymous voice emails addressed to either of my gmail addresses wind up with your criminal minions at American Embassy, Mexico City.
@StateDept I, Gordon Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico since Oct. 19, 2017 have been told by anonymous English language voice that any emails addressed to either of my gmail addresses wind up with criminal minions of Phoenix, AZ police here in Vallarta.
@StateDept Criminals, Mexican, Canadian, American, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, and of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico brag you people at State can't help me here in Puerto Vallarta, frankly your cover-ups of criminal acts of American Consulate, Guadalajara no help at all.
@canadapostcorp Canadians, military, diplomatic, claim themselves unaware of late June, 2005 death, possibly murder, of ex-Canadian military man, yet they had military and private Canadian citizens flooding Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico near where body found.
@StateDept Be prepared, State Department, criminal Canadian diplomats, military including retirees here in Mexico say they are in their part of the Arizona murder cover-ups for the "long haul", them for years past drawing private citizen Canadians in Mexico into this.
@mpolletta Arizona Republic newspaper staff pretensions them concerned with matters of today an excuse to avoid answering for murder cover-up activity of recent past with history going back to 1964 Phoenix police involved murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins in 1964.
@SecPompeo Canadian government officials of past decades made decision to encourage their diplomats and military in Mexico to participate in Arizona law enforcement cover-ups of Phoenix murders of my father, 1964 and a son of mine, 1971.
@elsolde_mexico En el ano 2008 La Gerente de oficina La Prensa y su amigo romantico gringo usaban periodicos en Guadalajara, pretenciones mis hijo Gordon Christopher Robbins se murio alli, el mismo masque que pasa 1971 Arizona cuando otra gente Anglo mataban hijo de mio
@ElInformador5 El Informador newspaper of Guadalajara, some smaller newspapers there, used for criminal purposes in 2008 re: name of my son Gordon Christopher Robbins, done out of La Prensa office, Guadalajara municipal building, Ave. Mexico.
@StateDept Arizona Republic newspaper staff does not have courage to put newspaper itself on Twitter, using Snap Chat for their ongoing murder cover-up purposes.
@elsurdeguerrero El Sur periodico de Policia de estatal de Guerrero, Mexico tienen genre criminals parts de un complot contra mio, Gordon Robbins, Ellis en complicidad con muchos pobulacion de Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico el Amos 2012-2017.
@JudicialWatch American State Department officials and American Army high-up brass may still be giving credibility to the multitude of lies put forth by ex-Army man Thomas Schodt re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@StateDept American State Department officials and American Army brass at high level for several decades may still be giving credibility, to ex-American army man Thomas Schodt involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@CapehartJ Hello Caphart, you still hurt because you didn't get to speak at John McCain's funeral?
@statedeptspox Heather, any possibility you following a Michael Frost on Twitter or he following you?  Frost, FBI Phoenix office both covering up name of former major league baseball player involved in March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@VallartaDaily Arizona law enforcement influence here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico used to cover-up 1964 Phoenix murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins and 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@elsolde_mexico Arizona law enforcement influence  here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico set up  1960's by then Arizona DPS (State Police) Director John Ahern, his stepdaughter Connie Koenan involved in criminal plots of 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@elsolde_mexico Arizona law enforcement in state of Jalisco, Mexico a criminal influence involved in covering up 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun murder of my father Charles Gordon Robbins for past 54 plus years, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins for past 47 years plus.
@SecPompeo Gordon Strachen(Sp?), American Consulate employee, Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico many years, last seen July 8, 2011 walking in women's clothes, well made up, Colonia Benito Juarez, (Zona Rosa), Mexico City
@StateDept Anyone with past connections to FOX news should be vetted re: connections to John Roberts and his associates at FOX news, Mexico City, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, MX 2005, since.
@statedeptspox Heather, re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, current Arizona Republic newspaper staff carrying on criminal use of Anne Ryman's name, them w/possible anglo women murder cover-up associates in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in past years.
@statedeptspox Heather, Arizona Republic newspaper carried on Phoenix, AZ tradition of international pimping black women prostitutes on their international Facebook page, Feb, 2013, made mistake of using photo of Susan Coe.  Already proven!
@statedeptspox Heather, Retired Phoenix, Arizona police have a well established long time position here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and have used it to their criminal advantage re: murder of my father, 1964, and murder of my son Patrick Robbins, 1971.
@statedeptspox Heather, Because of early morning May 16, 1964 Arizona Republic newspaper article quoting Phoenix, AZ Police labeling my father's death "a suicide" and silence of Phoenix Police then abf since I and several thousand others llived with belief my father "a suicide
@statedeptspox Heather, since May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ Police internationally have involved themselves and others in self-serving fantasy that I, Gordon Robbins, protected their officer who murdered my father.  Myself left then with belief my father "a suicide".
@statedeptspox Heather, Phoenix, AZ Police of 1964 and since have been faulting me, Gordon Robbins, for their non investigation of May 15, 1964, the shooter most likely one of their own.
@statedeptspox Heather, criminal intent of City of Phoenix officiald and Phoenix, AZ Police reaches back to Phoenix, AZ Police non-investigation of May 15, 1964 home invasion shotgun murder of my father, Charles Gordon Robbins.
@statedeptspox Heather, City of Phoenix, AZ and Phoenix, AZ Police officials have perjured themselves re: my, Gordon Robbins, whereabouts in year 2003, part of 1964 and since international conspiracy to identify me as "friend and associate" of Phoenix Police
@statedeptspox Heather, use of name Anne Ryman a criminal ploy by Arizona Republic's Nicole Carroll and current staff also, Ryman long retired Arizona Republic writer w/ history as advisor to student newspaper State Press, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ
@statedeptspox Heather, Worst falsifications of entire 1971 Arizona murder cover-up matter evolves around criminally intent Arizona Republic newspaper staff, past editor Nicole Carroll in past dozen or so years.  Anne Ryman name used by newspaper for criminal purposes
@statedeptspox Heather, criminally intentioned Scottsdale and Phoenix, AZ police retirees have been discrediting my identity here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico just as they did when myself in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in recent past years.
@statedeptspox Heather, This "entire matter" has to do with Scottsdale, AZ Police "curious lack of knowledge" re: whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (b. 1972, Arizona) as well as March 12, 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@statedeptspox Heather, every United States of America Marine Corps man who talked with me, Gordon Robbins early evening of Sept. 18, 2000 at American Embassy, Mexico City became criminally involved in this entire murder cover- up matter, not just the officers.
@statedeptspox Re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder my son Patrick Robbins, American military man Thomas Schodt and woman using name "Kathy Schodt" in Phoenix, Connie Koenan of Arizona Republic newspaper  involved, she stepdaughter of then AZ DPS director John Ahern.
@statedeptspox Heather, re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins--Scottsdale, AZ Police have also facilitated and aided Thomas Schodt in period 1971 to present, Schodt's incestuous mother an accomplice as have been James Keppel and John Pratt.
@statedeptspox Heather, re: March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, U.S. of America Army based in 1971 on southside of Mexico City, Mexico facilitated American military man Thomas Schodt in his travels to Phoenix, AZ.
@VallartaDaily Younger American tourists caught today crowding into and lunching in two side-by-side restaurants in Francisco Villa neighborhood inland north of Mega Foods told there no such thing as a free lunch for them.  Radio fans, no stereo!
@USMarshalsHQ American Embassy,, Mexico City law enforcement related staff say every time they locate an American fugitive in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico local municipio police claim fugitive no longer there.  Family folk!
@APDiploWriter Associated Press has problem with past decades cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, FOX news in Phoenix started, kept one cover-up ball rolling, Arizona Republic rolling other ball
@statedeptspox Heather, re:1971 Arizona drowning murder my son Patrick, American military man Thomas Schodt's real father a Citizens Service worker American Embassy, Mexico City, a wealthy off-the-street hire in Mexico City some 35 years ago.
@statedeptspox Heather, former American military man Thomas Schodt involved in 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins was fathered by his mother's younger brother--Source, American Embassy staff, Mexico City.
@statedeptspox Heather, any fool can access official American Bureau of Statistics death records and verify whereabouts and Arizona death dates re: my father C. Gordon Robbins, 1964 and my son Patrick Robbins, 1971.  CIA's pale horse a death symbol when misused
@statedeptspox Heather, Tom Schodt, ex-American military man involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins a homosexual who was involved in another child drowning in same east Phoenix area in late 1960's, early 70's.
@statedeptspox Congratulations, Heather, now you can leave dealing with the American diplomatic criminals at American Embassy in Mexico City and at American Consulate in Guadalajara to the other higher ups at State Department.
@elsolde_mexico American Embassy staff, Mexico City, has people on staff today, Mexico City, one of whom caught pretending to be me, Gordon Robbins, myself here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@elsolde_mexico American Embassy has had successive staffs, others helping falsify my activities and  whereabouts since I had lunch w/Cynthia Buchanon at her Mexico City home Nov. 4, 1964.
@maggieNYT Maggie, do you not realise staff at American Embassy in Mexico City has been falsifying activity, whereabouts, info about me, Gordon Robbins, natural born American citizen, since mid-1990's?
@SecPompeo Which directors of C.I.A. who preceded Gina Haspel helped 2002 Arizona law enforcement authorities in their criminal efforts to identify me, Gordon Robbins, as a narco traffickers contact in Mexico?
NASA InSight Lander 'Hears' Martian Winds via NASA https://t.co/FzSL2UqhJH
@statedeptspox Heather, American Embassy staff, Mexico City, engaged in criminal efforts to identify me, Gordon Robbins, w/1960's and since Phoenix, AZ police fugitives,other fugitive retirees in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, and here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico?
@canadapostcorp Identifying me Gordon Robbins, natural born American citizen as "a Canadian" a criminal act begun in 1995 by Canadian Foreign Service officials here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.  Followed thru on here in Mexico by Canadians ever since.
@statedeptspox Heather, American Embassy staff, Mexico City, lieing about my, Gordon Robbins, whereabouts 2004 and before, lieing about my identity, nationality, and whereabouts ever since.  State Department's kind of people?
@statedeptspox Heather, any chance you've dated actor John Galvin, appointed American Ambassador to Mexico by Ronald Reagan in 1981, Galvin close to my age, 77, still alive living in Mexico City?
NASA TV to Air ‘Spirit of Apollo’ Tribute from National Cathedral via NASA https://t.co/DsvKMCsK6k
@NickMiroff Nick, Robbinsville, New Jersey has history connecting to leadership of American Revolution, now flooding with Amazonians.  Tell Josh P. "Hello" please.
@canadapostcorp When Alan Goldstein of Canadian Intelligence Service in charge at Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico Canadian fugitives filtered further south, Pochutla, Puerto Angel, Bahias de Huatulco  regions.
@canadapostcorp Canadian Intelligence Service (CIS) agent Alan Goldstein of Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca was in charge of issue of false identity documents for Canadian CIS agents in Mexico--respectable front in earlier years w/International Friends of Puerto Escondido
@statedeptspox Heather, American Embassy has answers as to why no approval for formation of International Friends of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico organization by foreign community despite long term pending application.
@statedeptspox Heather, turning your back on earlier 2000's criminal antics toward ke Gordon Robbins, by John Roberts in Mexico could prove disastrous to all.  Roberts always blames friends, FOX work associates when caught.
@CurtTucsonStar Curt, Ask Phoenix, AZ police about 2009 Mexico death of retired Ex-Phoenix officer Frank Kowalski and how it ties to another retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police officer, him a longtime member of AA group in San Patricio, Melaque, Jalisco, Mexico.
@statedeptspox Heather, Any messages you receive from persons claiming to be both retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police and "old friends" of mine comes from older drunken womanizers of AA referenced in previous tweet. Names, persons, unknown to me!
@statedeptspox Heather, no joke, some of older retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta have long history of drunkenness, womanising, and simultaneous Alcoholics Anonymous membership in both Mexico and in U.S. of America.
Coverage Set for Russian Spacewalk at International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/yksydRRwYp
NASA Highlights Asteroid Bennu, Earth’s Polar Ice at AGU Meeting via NASA https://t.co/5dDBn0BmFF
NASA Sends New Research, Hardware to Space Station on SpaceX Mission via NASA https://t.co/TLOzpGou5u
@statedeptspox Heather, simple fact Connie Koenan, a stepdaughter of 1960's-mid 70's Arizona DPS (State Police, etc) one of babysitters involved 1971 murder my son Patrick prompted my question about possible Ahern criminal influence at State early on, 1970's.
@statedeptspox Heather, Any chance higher ups  State Department  Washington, D.C. got criminally involved in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins in 1970's because of criminal influence of then Arizona DPS Director John Ahern?
@statedeptspox Heather, American Consulate, Guadalajara, Mexico name, Michael Redferd(Sp?) tied to cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins. In any event  Consulate staff criminally involved now on loose here in Puerto Vallarta
@elsolde_mexico Mexican Federal Police committed international obstruction of justice, intercepting my outgoing emails re:Phoenix, AZ Police coverup of March 12,1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, done in Guadalajara criminal complicity w/staff of American Consulate
@statedeptspox Heather, for whatever reasons, and the State Department may be partially at fault in this, Thomas Schodt's packet of lies have been given credibility by law enforcement here in Mexico, with some American Federal, and even Canadian law enforcement.
@statedeptspox Thomas Schodt, American Military man involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, has since carried around two countries a major packet of lies re: both his incestuous mother and the ancestry of my former wife, Patrick's mother
@statedeptspox Heather, Alcoholics Anonymous Americans, Canadians, Mexicans here in Mexico so arrogantly stupid they refuse to believe anyone who sits in AA meetings and talks w/them privately would lie!
@statedeptspox American Embassy, Mexico City supported Alcoholics Anonymous groups fronted 2007 efforts to discredit me there, placing AA in English groups, Mexico City into international plot cover-up Arizona murders of my father (1964) and a son of mine (1971).
@statedeptspox AA members here Puerto Vallarta who object to me drinking beer failed 1996 Guadalajara, Ave. Independencia try get me drink  Coca Cola in hotel bar wanted me in  Revolucion Bar, Calle Matamoros, no beer, just hamburger, Coca Cola yesterday (Monday) Dec. 3
@elsolde_mexico Anyone, Mexican or American claiming me, Gordon Robbins, to have been involved with Arizona sponsored medical experiments in Guadalajara in 2005 is a born liar, some of those liars part of Alcoholics Anonymous groups here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco
@elsolde_mexico Alcoholics Anonymous people of Mexico and U.S. of America have lied to each other and lied widely to others re: my, Gordon Robbins, whereabouts in Mexico in 2005-06.  Medical experiments, 2005 Guadalajara involved.
@statedeptspox Thomas Schodt's criminal efforts August 17, this year to identify himself with me, Gordon Robbins, father of the two-and-one-half-year old Patrick Robbins he helped murder in Phoenix, AZ March 12, 1971 had local aid here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX
@statedeptspox Criminal associates August 17, this year of Thomas Schodt, American Military man involved in conspiracy re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, live near Mercado Zapata of Colonia Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX,
@statedeptspox Heather, Criminal Canadians sheltered, aided by Coppel's Canada Stores date back to 2006 Puerto Escondido,, Oaxaca criminal efforts of same to identify me, Gordon Robbins, natural born American citizen, as "a Canadian".
@statedeptspox Heather, one of largest department store chains in Mexico, Coppel's Canada Stores, criminally involved in this since late April, 2009, Salinas Cruz, Oaxaca, and Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, since July 24, 2013, sheltering, aiding criminal Canadians.
@statedeptspox Heather, Canadian businessmen, hotel owners here in Mexico now realising some got sucked into a nationwide Mexico Canadian Foreign Service, Military criminal plot against me here in Mexico dating to Canadian's involvement in March 12, 1971 murder of one of my sons
@statedeptspox Heather, Thomas Schodt, American military man involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins may have several ex-convicts from Arizona and California amongst his "friends" here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX
@DailyCaller Ex-Phoenix, Arizona police living, traveling here in Mexico in current, several past decades LIE internationally, claiming me, Gordon Robbins, a "close friend" of theirs of many years, Alcoholics Anonymous members amongst the worst amongst them.
@statedeptspox Ex-Phoenix, AZ police living, traveling here in Mexico for many decades are a criminal intent group of liars claiming myself, Gordon Robbins, an "close personal friend" for decades, their Alcoholics Anonymous members amingst the worst amongst them!
@statedeptspox Heather, if there was not so much criminal intent involved, I'd be amused by false claims of ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico that I am supposed to be an old friend and associate of theirs.
@nedprice Ned, I'm not at all sorry for messing with your subscription to that Chinese newspaper three years ago.  Hope all well with you!
@canadapostcorp Canadian government asked to name all their criminal fugitives, including Foreign Service, Military agents, living in Mexico and, if possible, their locations.
@statedeptspox Heather, Tweeting from my cellphone difficult, inference by criminally intent ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, and by police-gangster crowd in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@statedeptspox Heather, Arizona Republic newspaper execs, staff as well as Scottsdale, AZ police since 2007, possibly prior years, ties to Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico via ex-Arizona law enforcement, other Arizona retirees, civil fugitives there.
@statedeptspox Heather, You should have been in dining room of Playa del Rey hotel in Mazatlan, Sinaloa in 1970 when my now ex-wife Bette met Juan Reyes and found out stories of my earlier friendships in Mazatlan to be true.
@statedeptspox Heather, Two Mexican men deserving of my friendship embrace, Juan Reyes, Mazatlan, Sinaloa circa 1970, and Caesar Olmos, Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, October, 2017
@USATODAY Arizona Republic newspaper staff, editors, execs are aiding Ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico involved with cover-ups of 1964 murder of my father, 1971 murder of my son Patrick.
@VallartaDaily Ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers running longterm international murder cover-up operations from here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta have had "credibility" with some local Puerto Vallarta police officers.
@statedeptspox Ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers with longterm involvement in international murder cover-ups have ready access to land line phone here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.  Known to local police who give them "credibility".
@VallartaDaily Ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers running criminal murder cover-up operations via land line phone from Restaurant Naranja, adjacent building, southeast corner Calles  Naranja and Lazaro Cardenas here, Colonia Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta.
@statedeptspox Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico police still suspicious regarding two unusual deaths amongst retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers living here.  Two others involved in murder of female restaurant owner here several years ago.
@statedeptspox Retired Phoenix, AZ police involved in covering up old Arizona murders from here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico have had help from Phoenix Law Enforcement Association and Tucson Law Enforcement Association.
@DailyCaller Phoenix, AZ police retirees borrowing money from several civil suit fugitives (Driggs, Lowery, etc.) from Phoenix, AZ living amongst American community of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.  Key--extortion.
Florida Students to Speak with First Cuban-American Astronaut on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/iCxsgq1XYY
@mpolletta Maria, Doug Ducey will make his decision about McCain's replacement at proper time!
@SgtAlanPfohl Glad to know you are on the job, don't forget to send all incoming emails on Robbins murders and Phoenix Police cover-ups of same to homosexual plagiarist running U.S. Attorney's office media ops.
NASA'S OSIRIS-REx Spacecraft Arrives at Asteroid Bennu via NASA https://t.co/aDB99YJupq
NASA Astronaut Anne McClain and Crewmates Arrive Aboard Space Station via NASA https://t.co/gYvBLX0hoc
NASA Astronaut Nick Hague Set for New Space Station Mission After Abort via NASA https://t.co/WOAV0YFGDH
@statedeptspox Heather, You might have Pompeo ask Mexican Ambassador why any lie that discredits or denigrates me, Gordon Robbins, is automatically believed by several units of Mexico's Federal Police here in Mexico.
@elsolde_mexico American Consulate staff of Guadalajara, Jalisco LIES of 2006 tieing me to elderly Canadian-born minor Arizona fugitive Thomas Schodt in Monterrey part and parcel of longer term criminal intent toward me, Gordon Robbins, out of American Consulate, Guadalajara
@elsolde_mexico Mexican police in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico under influence of LIES from American Consulate staff of Guadalajara, Jalisco when they permitted minor Arizona fugitive Canadian born Thomas Schodt pass through Canadian Consulate in Monterrey
@elsolde_mexico In July, 2006 in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico Mexican Police let a minor Canadian born fugitive, also named Thomas Schodt, to be feted at a private Canadian Consulate dinner there, him "buying" an oceanfront hotel hideaway on Guerrero, Mexico coast.
@statedeptspox Heather, Hollywood director Stephen Spielberg's since  deceased father in 1971 started criminally intentioned Jewish community efforts to identify my former wife Bette as being Jewish,  about month before March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick
@statedeptspox Heather, at least two Jewish lawyers from Phoenix-Scottsdale, AZ Jewish community criminally involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  Name Schwarz involved.
@statedeptspox Heather, are you amongst the criminally intentioned who believe lies of the Phoenix, AZ Jewish community who claim me, a christian born baptized American, to be of Jewish descent?  Your double here in Puerto Vallarta involved criminally.
@statedeptspox City of Phoenix hierarchy and Phoenix, AZ Police Department hierarchy guilty of LIES about my whereabouts in year 2003, tried to identify blond haired political activist Craig Tribken as me at city of Phoenix, AZ public hearings.
@elsolde_mexico In 2015 I began emailing Georgina Avila, then of El Informador newspaper in Guadalajara details of U.S. of America Consulate, Guadalajara criminal operations against myself, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico.  Promptly turned over to same by El Informador
@statedeptspox Arizona Supreme Court and State Bar Association of Arizona have unusual situation on their hands: secretly disbarred lawyers passing as legitimate lawyers in foreign countries, even trying practice law in said foreign countries like Mexico.
@statedeptspox Heather, re- March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins American military man Thomas Schodt apparently carrying false identification when he met with and lied ti Mexican Federal Police in Mazatlan, Sinaloa, Mexico in early 2000's
@statedeptspox Heather, another major lie told by American military man and murderer Thomas Schodt both here in Mexico and in U.S. of America has to do with my very short friendship with his mother in Scottsdale, AZ in 1993.  Her Alanon friends criminally involved.
@statedeptspox Heather, re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, one of major lies told by American military man Thomas Schodt involved in the murder has to do with family past of my now ex-wife Bette, Patrick's mother in Arizona.
@statedeptspox Heather, criminally intent older anglo-Mexican couple, overweight younger male about 27 years old, w/Canadian ties, operate OXXCO store north side of Ave Carranza east of Ave. Insurgentes here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@canadapostcorp I, Gordon Robbins, an American citizen, seriously doubt there is a living Canadian or Mexican-Canadian here in Mexico or in Canada willing to tell the truth about Canada's widespread long term criminal operations against me here in Mexico.
@statedeptspox Heather, I seriously doubt there is a living Canadian citizen or Mexican-Canadian citizen alive willing to tell the truth about widespread long term Canadian government operations here in Mexico against myself, Gordon Robbins, an American!
@statedeptspox Heather, Canadian military, foreign service, some private Canadian citizens the worst criminal filth Canadian government could have sent into Mexico, them liars, thieves, possibly murderers.  Provable!
@statedeptspox Heather, Homosexual plagiarist Press Spokesman still in place, U.S. Attorneys office in Phoenix, AZ, connects via Twitter to name Cosme Lopez and to Michelle Lee, Washington Post, and by phone to ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta.
@statedeptspox After nearly two years of criminally intent cooperation with same homosexual plagiarist by Phoenix, AZ law enforcement agencies, their homosexual plagiarist was hired in early 2017 as Press Spokesman for U.S. Attorneys office in Phoenix.
@statedeptspox Heather, 3 days after their homosexual plagiarist began work in 2014 at Maricopa County, AZ Sheriff's Dept. he requested all evidentary emails sent by me, Gordon Robbins, re: 1964 murder of my father, 1971 murder of son of mine be turned over to him
@statedeptspox Heather,  criminally intent trio, Arizona law enforcement, Federal law enforcement agents based in Phoenix, hierarchy of U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix in 2014 hired professional homosexual plagiarist to assist in murder cover-ups.
@statedeptspox Heather,  major infiltration of Alcoholics Anonymous by criminally intent Arizona law enforcement agents  characterises Alcoholics Anonymous programs here in Mexico, U.S. of America, and possibly Canada.  Several decades in American southwest, Calif.
@elsolde_mexico Staffs of U.S. of America Consulate in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico also, since early 1970's thru today, aware of another death, the murder of my son Patrick Robbins March 12, 1971 in Phoenix, AZ.  Them involved in murder cover-up in more recent years
@elsolde_mexico Criminal pair of Canadians involved in mid-May, 2007 hastened death of retired Transito Police Commandante Javier Torres, have also lied repeatedly, trying to label me, Gordon Robbins, an American, to be one of their "Canadian citizens".
@elsolde_mexico Canadian pair, Mexico City, mid-May, 2007, responsible for hastened death of retired Mexico Transito  Police Commandante Javier Torres, pair protected by Mexico City police, Colonia Centro.
@PhilipRucker Hi, Phil, you and Acosta being doubled on my other Twitter account by murderers helpers amongst ex-Phoenix, AZ Police retirees here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico and in WaPo newsroom, Washington, D.C.
@statedeptspox Heather, United States of America Air Force and Colorado Springs, Colorado Police Department records,1962 or 1963 will reveal unjustified prejudice toward myself and my then still living father C. Gordon Robbins.  Carried forward thru the years
@statedeptspox Heather, Criminal trio of murderers helpers, Army National Guard, Phoenix, AZ; U.S. of America Marine Corps reserve; Phoenix, AZ, U.S. of America Air Force, all in 1995 criminal alliance with murder cover-up officers w/Phoenix, AZ Police Department.
@statedeptspox Heather, Two major criminal operations here have emanated out of American Embassy in Mexico City and American Consulate in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico for many past decades, American military involved via both State Department facilities.
@statedeptspox Arizona Republic newspaper + same name descendant of 1960's-70's Arizona DPS Director John Ahern correctly named, recently involved cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins by members of International Friends of Puerto Vallarta.
@statedeptspox Phoenix, AZ police veterans, some involved in old Arizona murder cover-ups, my father 1964, a son in 1971,  have actually served as active duty Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico police officers in recent past years.
@statedeptspox Heather, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico police of past years made mistake of giving credibility to ex-Phoenix, AZ police retirees living here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata east of Ave. Insurgentes, other areas of Puerto Vallarta.
@statedeptspox Heather, Local residents, Puerto Vallarta police, BanComer execs, Tourism Dept. personnel all involved in late October, early November 2017 criminal operations at me, Gordon Robbins out of Hotel Enerdyria on Calle Naranja, Colonia Emiliano Zapata here.
@statedeptspox James Keppel(Sp?), Scottsdale Police, early 1970's, took cover-up of March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins with him all the way to the Maricopa County, Arizona Attorney (prosecutor) Romley's office in 2002-04 period.
@statedeptspox Scottsdale City Manager Dale Carter, early 1970's, in phone contact with counterpart at city of Phoenix, AZ, Saturday afternoon March 12, 1971 arranging cover-up of same day drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@statedeptspox Heather, Scottsdale and Phoenix, AZ Police have been criminally allied with, and protecting, international prostitutes from Sherri Gaertner-Tibbets Real estate family of Zenith Lane, Phoenix, active in Mexico since before 2007.
@statedeptspox Mexican federal agents here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco and local police, others in and from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico trying still to identify me, Gordon Robbins, as a fugitive Phoenix, AZ police officer.
@statedeptspox Heather, Zihuatanejo, Guerrero,, Mexico police part of large criminal group falsifying my, Gordon Robbins whereabouts since I left there permanently October 18th, 2017 by Elite Bus directly here to Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@statedeptspox Heather, Scottsdale, AZ Police direct criminal ties to Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico since 2007, used those ties for criminal purposes ever since.  Murder, murder cover ups!
@statedeptspox Heather, American Embassy staffs, military, here in Mexico have lied about my identity, whereabouts, since summer, 1995, applicable in particular 1998 and 2002-04 and 2005-2007 period, Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico City, MX
@statedeptspox Murderers and murderers helpers from Arizona law enforcement are blanketing the entire Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico region with English language murder cover-up statements, questions, lies, foremost amongst them retired ex-Phoenix, A police officers
@statedeptspox Heather, please ask Pompeo to have State Department officials stop covering up early 2007 international telephone criminal antics toward a Mesa, Arizona woman by employee at American Embassy, Mexico City.  Key, Mesa, AZ Police records.
@statedeptspox Heather, California Bureau of Investigation (CBI) cannot deny they were financially supporting a fugitive agent from their own department in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, him also an informant who sometimes provided them false data
@DailyCaller John Pratt, Scottsdale, AZ Police officer of early 1970's--?? one of most criminally intentioned toward me of entire force, dates to March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins and emerged in 1978-79 period.
@statedeptspox Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix,,AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Houston, Texas Police Department top officials international murder cover-up collusion w/retired Phoenix, AZ police here in Mexico some 21 months ago by long distance phone.
@statedeptspox Some Alcoholics Anonymous affiliated Phoenix, AZ police of 1980's, 90's w/long term involvement in coverups of murders of my father (1964),  a son of mine (1971), have varying lengths of residency here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@statedeptspox Ex-Phoenix, AZ police retirees here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico involved in old Arizona murder coverups, my father (1964), a son (1971) had two of their own die in suspicious deaths in recent years here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico,
@statedeptspox Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins: Discrediting of official United States of America Vital Statistics in 2014 and sibce a criminal act of private school students, teachers of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@DailyCaller Re: March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins, some two years ago three ex-Phoenix, Arizona police living here, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico made long distance murder cover-up call to Houston, Texas,  speaker claiming said call official from Phoenix, P.D.
@VallartaDaily No one in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, except some retired Phoenix, AZ police ex-officers will admit they once called Houston, Texas police to report cover-up of a March 12,_1971 murder same retirees claim never happened.  Key name Patrick Robbins m
@DailyCaller Arizona--Maricopa County Sheriff Paul Prezone knows names of some still living retired Maricopa County Sheriff's Department. deputies involved in events before and coinciding to March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@statedeptspox @StateDept @USEmbArgentina @girlscouts O.K. Heather!
NASA Administrator Statement on Passing of George H.W. Bush via NASA https://t.co/V8LtUFS1Tu
@JudicialWatch Obsession with Hillary Clinton emails bogging down Judicial Watch's efforts to "drain the swamp",
@statedeptspox Heather, In April, 2012 I, Gordon Robbins was warned of dangers of Police-Alcoholics Anonymous local alliances, agent quoting from confidential FBI report.  Concerns w/Arizona, New Mexico, Nevada, southern California then.
@CapehartJ Half-as-, what, Caphart?
NASA Awards Optical Telescope Assembly for Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope Mission via NASA https://t.co/Y3LZimZfsh
@statedeptspox Consulate staff, United States of America, Guadalajara, Mexico, ongoing criminal operation tied directly to various recent years disinformation campaigns re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick.
@DailyCaller John Roberts, FOX Television news, criminally involved in Mexico City, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico since 2005, American Embassy staff criminal collusion many years.
@statedeptspox Heather, Arizona wife of long disbarred Phoenix, Arizona lawyer criminally active by cellphone text, email, Twitter, here in Puerto Vallarta using your name, profile.  Ties to American Embassy and 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick.
@DailyCaller John McCain wing of Republican party in Arizona knew for decades re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  Lied to by Phoenix Police officially five, six years ago!  Key name Meghan McCain.
@latimes Heberlein employee retired from LA Times spent entire adult life trying label me, Gordon Robbins, a "homosexual", him a Fennimore, Wisconsin native.  May have figured in 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of a son of mine.
@statedeptspox Deaths, permanent physical damage some "paid volunteers", Mexican and convicts from Arizona,  result of medical experiments at Red Cross hospital, 2 other Guadalajara hospitals, medical experiments by State of Arizona Health Department, Maricopa County Health Dept.
@DailyCaller Files of Federal Bureau of Investigation's Tucson, AZ office will reveal totally unjustified criminal prejudice toward me, Gordon Robbins, dating to 1960's and Nogales, Arizona border crossing.  Easy for Phoenix Police drag Tucson FBI qgent into coverup of 1971.
@DailyCaller Criminally intent Alcoholics Anonymous member, possibly Anglo, owner of bar-restaurant just south of Calle M.M. Dieguez on inland side of Olas Altas Blvd., Colonia Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX both AA criminal and possibly ex-Arizona law enforcement
@statedeptspox Loose, some unaware, some tightly intertwined Arizona establishment ties exist here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX re: Phoenix, AZ police coverups of murders of my father (Phoenix, 1964, a son, 1971), and my being sole "beneficio heir" Elena Cortez de Brun trust.
@statedeptspox Old Phoenix, AZ murder cover-ups, my father, 1964, a son 1971, set up here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico by Phoenix, AZ police retirees AND apparently voice broadcast activities Puerto Vallarta municipio employees tie to Elena Cotez de Brun trust
@DailyCaller State Bar Association of Arizona representatives, active and retired Phoenix, AZ police, AA members caugh attempt takeover Elena Cortez de Brun propertt financial trust here Puerto Vallarta, myself Gordon Robbins, sole legal "beneficio heir".  BanComer key involved
@statedeptspox Mexican government should be made to identify every AA member, Mexican Jalisco state region and American Arizona here in Mexico who lied about my whereabouts in years 2005 and 2006.  Key cities, San Blas, Nayarit, and Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.
@DailyCaller Alcoholics Anonymous members, three countries or more, ex-convicts to law enforcement figures, here Puerto Vallarta blaming me, Gordon Robbins, for their own lack of honesty and their inability to work AA program correctly.
@DailyCaller Activities of Alcoholics Anonymous Anglo members here today at bar-restaurant on Olas Altas Boulevard just south of Calle M.M. Dieguez, Colonia Emiliano Zapata criminally intentioned, long time grey haired AA Anglo about 65-70 leader involved.
@statedeptspox Two groups tightly tied w/American Embassy, Mexico City for many years, Mexico City English language Alcoholics Anonymous and Arizona wing of Republican party, heavily involved in covering up 1964 Phoenix murder of my father, 1971 murder of a son of mine.
@statedeptspox A chaotic mass of falsified information about me, Gordon Robbins, has come out of Mexico from "reliable" government, law enforcement sources of Mexico, Canada, and the U.S., easily backtracked to 1964 Mexico City and American Embassy.
U.S. Federal Marshals, active and retired, provably involved in harassment activities toward me, Gordon Robbins, and toward persons they associated with me in Mexico City and elsewherr, 2011-12, ignored existence of extraditable fugitives in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX
@DailyCaller Maricopa County, AZ Sheriff's deputies figured heavily in the months after 1964 Phoenix murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins, various groups of same w/varying intent figured in before, during, after 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@DailyCaller Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico has its share of criminally intentioned (toward me, Gordon Robbins) Alcoholics Anonymous retirees from Arizona law enforcement and their criminally self-righteous associates here with AA ties.  Murder cover-ups the key!
@DailyCaller Alcoholics Anonymous affiliation of retired Phoenix, AZ police a tool being used as by SAME in international cover-ups of murders of my father in Phoenix (1964), one of my sons (Phoenix, 1971).  Ongoing and provable!
@statedeptspox Longterm Alcoholics Anonymous affiliation apparently turned retired Phoenix Police Captain John "Jack" Holcomb into a raving criminal LIAR, him with a same name son with Scottsdale, AZ Police in earlier 2000's in same category.  Key name Matthew Robbins
@gregstantonaz Past mayors of Phoenix, AZ had historical criminal situations within their police department which most found convenient to ignore, right Stanton?
NASA Announces New Partnerships for Commercial Lunar Payload Delivery Services via NASA https://t.co/oIqrkAGYSZ
@jesslaw Phoenix, AZ Police retirees have had woman here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico pretending to be you, they now moving her 1400 kilometers south to Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
NASA TV to Air Next International Space Station Crew Launch, Docking via NASA https://t.co/4jFUtEcrXr
@kyrstensinema Kyrsten, Please stop by U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix and check out sexual preference of their Press Spokesman--known background w/Maricopa County Sheriff's Department.
@SecPompeo Thank you for helping Yemen.  I once suggested Trump build a mountaintop resort there to boost tourism and economy.  Future possibility?
@frank_milstead Frank,  March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning my son Patrick Robbins, ex-AZ law officers here Mexico say Highway Patrol (Phoenix-Nogales route) knew at 11 a.m. morning, 15 minutes before myself and his mother called at Tucson Rodeway Inn.
NASA Provides Live Coverage of Spacecraft Arrival at Asteroid That May Have Answers to the Origin of our Solar System via NASA https://t.co/RhJ8vNo24T
NASA Television to Air Launch of Next Space Station Resupply Mission via NASA https://t.co/VvXcbPgQ1N
NASA Awards Employee Relocation Services Contract via NASA https://t.co/kv4ychNhDE
@statedeptspox Heather, re: Phoenix, AZ Police cover-up March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins, full packet sworn signed evidentiary info on suspicious activities observed by Roadway Inn, Tucson employees seized, hidden away by criminally internt Phoenix Police.
@statedeptspox Criminal harassment of me, Gordon Robbins, by FBI agents of Phoenix, AZ office begun  early 1983 in greater Phoenix, Scottsdale, Tempe, AZ area carried over into earlier 2000's in Mexico City, same agents, others, living "retired" there, Colonia Centro area.
@cronkitenews Re: FBI's Phoenix cover-up 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, ,1980's-1990's personal harassment if me, very few FBI agents, Phoenix, AZ office psychologically fit to qualify as law enforcement agents, problems evident there for decades.
@statedeptspox Two Anglo wives of 1990's disbarred Anglo Phoenix, AZ lawyers, another woman high up  Republican party Phoenix area early 2000's, mocked me by song re:1971 Phoenix drowning of my son Patrick Robbins, song sent, broadcast at me by American Embassy, Mexico City 2006
@statedeptspox Both secretly disbarred Phoenix,  AZ lawyers late 1990's active criminally against me here Mexico have Anglo American wives who in 2004 active internationally in coverup March 12, 1971 drowning murder my son Patrick Robbins, American Embassy contact, Mexico City.
@statedeptspox Two disbarred Anglo American lawyers from Phoenix, AZ, both w/criminal pasts dating late 1990's, criminal pasts hidden "legally" by State Bar Association of Arizona, are, and have been criminally active against me here in Mexico, one since 1999-2000 Mazatlan, Sin.
@statedeptspox No joke, rumors are Peter Holley, Washington Post, and American military man Thomas Schodt involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins now one and same here in Puerto Vallarta.
@statedeptspox Heather, what I get a kick out of is using my alternate Twitter account in name Gordon_O.Robbins for mostly joke tweets, Peter Holley, so called general assignment reporter Washington Post a real criminal target either way.
@AP_Politics When you at AP get tired of aiding  murder cover-up professionals with Phoenix, Arizona media and Phoenix, AZ Police retirees here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico drop me a line, OK David Schwarz?
@StateDept American Military Anglo veterans, State Department staff tracking me in Mexico used to put out voice broadcast announcements claiming I, Gordon Robbins, had contagious spinal meningitis, AIDS, senility, incompetent, whatever, used re- Los Volcanos, Jalisco, MX in 2008
@DailyCaller Crude but true, criminal filth retirees of Phoenix, AZ police department, they, their  associates here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico use AA sayings in their shouted voice harrassment of me, murder coverups their long term  activity.
@statedeptspox Heather, United States of America Justice Department allows ANYONE'S NAME to be added to their long existing, maintained internet accessible underground list of homosexuals, no proof necessary!
@DailyCaller Easy proof exists criminally intent Arizona law officers, retirees at home, here in Mexico involved in covering up May 15, 1964 Phoenix murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@DailyCaller Criminal intent Arizona law officer retirees at home + here in Mexico got away with claiming to others: 1. Claims my son Patrick Robbins, born 1968 in Arizona never existed.  2. Claiming same son full name Patrick Taylor Robbins born 1968 in Arizona never existed.
@CarolLeonnig Sooner or later, Washington Post current and past staffs will learn aiding murder cover-up criminal professionals w/Arizona and Federal law enforcement entities in Arizona not an honorable part of journalism profession.
@DailyCaller One of only persons sent to prison by Arizona law enforcement entities involved in long term cover-ups of 1964 murder of my father and 1971 murder of one of my sons be my son Gordon Christopher Robbins, him financially manipulated by his own mother, an FBI friend.
@DailyCaller John Roberts, FOX Television news White House correspondent, has referred to me, Gordon Robbins", as a "dumb shit", him with help from 2007 American Embassy staff faulting me for his "questionable" activities in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca summer of 2005.
@DailyCaller Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico, summer, 2005, middle name FOX News White House correspondent is "Gordon",  he used nickname "Gordy" in Puerto Escondido while dating New York Times connected woman unaware his real name.  She didn't have a clue, Garza knows!
NASA Awards Launch Range Operations Services Contract via NASA https://t.co/ouYfJTxneC
@peterjholley Existant people mark your criminal associations daily, from 2013 on including those at Washington Post in recent years!
@frank_milstead Frank Milstead, Arizona DPS (State Police) Director, former Mesa, Arizona Police Chief, one of long line of DPS directors criminally aligned against me since John Ahern, late 1960's, early 70's, Phoenix and Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX.
@DailyCaller Criminal collusion of Mexico City American Embassy staff, FOX Television News John Roberts in 2007 aided Robert's efforts to avoid being tied to 2005 injured New York Times connected woman with whom he used phony name, summer 2005, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, MX
@AP_Politics John Roberts, FOX Television news White House correspondent, used nickname "Gordy" in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca the summer of 2005, abandoned injured New York Times girlfriend there in mid-August to avoid paying her hospital bills. She Antonio Garza friend.
@BostonGlobe John Roberts, FOX News White House correspondent, kicked out of nobility memorial funeral service at Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, him there pretending to be me, Gordon Robbins, myself, invited guest, in Mazatlan, Sinaloa, Mexico at time.
@ChrisMegerian Chris, your associate John Roberts, FOX News was, summer of 2005, kicked out of memorial funeral service at Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico, him trying to pretend himself me Gordon Robbins.
NASA Administrator to Announce New Moon to Mars Partnerships with US Companies via NASA https://t.co/0lVnSG4QE5
@statedeptspox FBI agent, Phoenix, AZ office telephone, proxy harassment using my sons begun 1983, agents involved 71st. Place Town of Paradise Valley, AZ were neighbors, friends of my ex-wife Bette, mother of my sons who were used.
@statedeptspox FBI agent w/home on north 71st Place, Town of Paradise Valley, Arizona, others, used my then minor sons in phone and proxy personal harassment campaign begun about 1983 in Scottsdale, AZ.  Continued, ongoing even after both boys turned 18, even into Mexico City
@peterjholley Murder coverups re: 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins began with "opinion" of Peter Holley of Washington Post newspaper, whatever his real name!  Holley hides/holds certain factual details about the murder.
@MinotDailyNews Minot's official historian trying to trace, confirm death of favorite son and pharmacist Harlan Black of heart attack, 1965, State Bar Association of Arizona hearing in Phoenix-Scottsdale, Arizona.  Questioning by Richard Kleindienst.
@DailyCaller Fred Ryan, Washington Post newspaper should be questioned re: international cover-ups of old murders of Robbins family members in Arizona, plot involving Glenn Kessler, Dan Balz, an ex- WaPo employee ALEXIOS now in Florida, Michelle Lee, Mark Berman, others.
@USAO_AZ U.S. Attorney's office, Phoenix, AZ internally controlled by a Washington Post newspaper associate and murder cover-up professional, him Press Spokesman there past two years
@DailyCaller July, 2006 combined Mexican law enforcement, Canadian Consul, Thomas Schodt, stepson, same name Canadian-born fugitive stepfather, American Consulate staff of Guadalajara at Monterey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico nothing but criminal operation aimed at me, Gordon Robbins.
@USATODAY Several former Phoenix, AZ police retirees living near me, Gordon Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico have Alcoholics Anonymous histories dating back even into 1980's at Crossroads AA in Phoenix, AZ.
@USATODAY Re: Phoenix, AZ Police retirees involved in cover-ups of old Phoenix murders, other crimes,  living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico for years hang out alone for self protection from each other.  Two murdered here, recent years.
@statedeptspox Re: Phoenix, AZ murders of my father, 1964, a son in 1971, retired and ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers involved in cover-ups live near me here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@ERIC_WATSON Re: Phoenix murders my father, 1964, a son 1971, historically KTAR in Phoenix, AZ a Phoenix Newspapers Inc., Arizona Republic newspaper media property involved in murder cover-ups longterm.
@DailyCaller Re: murder my father 1964, a son 1971, both Milsteads, father and son criminally involved or criminally knowledgeable while running Arizona Department of Public Safety (State Police).  Alan Rodbell, Scottsdale, AZ Police Chief also involved.
@DailyCaller Re: old Phoenix murder cover-uos previously mentioned,  most Phoenix, AZ police retirees, ex-officers criminally involved internatiinally via communications iive near me, Gordon Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@DailyCaller Re: 1964, murder of my father, a son in 1971, effort  to eliminate corruption by reorganization of  Phoenix, AZ Police Dept  in 1970 still underway at time of March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  Lou Wetzel key name
@DailyCaller Re: 1964 murder of my Father, 1971 murder of my son,  Phoenix, AZ Police hierarchal officer nicknamed "Penciilhead" of 1974,  pervious, later years, involved in one or both murder coverups
@PhilipRucker Investigation underway determine how many Arizona men were falsely identified to USDOJ as "suspected homosexuals" by former Homeland Security Chief Janet Napolitano, an ex-governor of Arizona.
@KirkAdams Joe Ducey says "good bye".
NASA InSight Lander Arrives on Martian Surface to Learn What Lies Beneath via NASA https://t.co/VI9mO4H8bA
Homosexual plagiarist stooge of Washington Post newspaper secretly running old Arizona  law enforcement murder cover-up operations, my father in 1964,  a son 1971, at U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ, local police, Maricopa County Sheriff's Dept., Federal Marshals involved!
@DailyCaller Washington Post involved-four years paid international murder cover-up activity for Maricopa County, AZ Sheriff's Dept., Phoenix Police, U.S. Federal Marshal's, run by Washington Post stooge homosexual plagiarist out of U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix
U.S. Federal Marshal's, Arizona part of Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff's Department, Phoenix Police = four years of PAID MURDER COVER-UP activities of law enforcement in Arizona run by hired homosexual plagiarist running U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix for USDOJ.
@DailyCaller Curiously enough, certain Phoenix Police + Phoenix city employees have claimed myself, Gordon Robbins, in a 2003 public hearing on Phoenix Police budget, a local Craig Tribken identified as me, myself in Mexico since August 19, 2002.  Tribken worth interview.
@DailyCaller Best I know, 1971 setup to murder my son Patrick Robbins began with couple in home at northeast corner of 61st. Place and Calle del Norte in Phoenix, a home situation Phoenix, AZ police for years refused to investigate, some lieing, claiming said home not in Phoenix.
@statedeptspox Heather, the Thomas Schodt involved directly in the 1971 Phoenix conspiracy resulting in March 12, 1971 drowning death of my son Patrick Robbins is here in Puerto Vallarta, his presence well known, even to some of ex-Phoenix police retired here.
@DailyCaller Phoenix, AZ Police have never had  justifiable reason for keeping track of me anytime, anyplace. Their international interest in me has to do with their failure to fully investigate what they, not I, knew was  murder of my father in Phoenix May 15, 1964.
@DailyCaller Criminally intent Phoenix, AZ Police, 1998, had Anglo American women contacts in Alcoholics Anonymous here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico keeping track of me, same women local Puerto Vallarta contacts for FBI agent Jana Munro here, late May, 2006.
@DailyCaller Sadly, there is no doubt the American Consulate General's successive staffs in Guadalajara, Mexico have been criminally involved in this since early 1970's.  Why?  A question they should be made to answer, key Guadalajara name Jeff Anderson.
@DailyCaller While it will not be admitted today, same Phoenix, AZ Police radio room dispatch officers involved March 12 1971 wondered then, after learning within few hours of my son Patrick's death, if they could be charged with negligent homicide because of their phone antics.
@DailyCaller Phoenix, AZ Police hierarchy must have panicked in 1998 when they found out my car and myself not in same Mexico location, thus their 1998 formal "Person of Interest" message about me to American Embassy, Mexico City!
@DailyCaller Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder my son Patrick, in recent years Fraternal Order of Police (FOP) chapters, Arizona, Nevada, southern Calif. treated to Vaudeville  performances on same by same Phoenix, AZ Police radio room dispatch officers involved in 1971
@statedeptspox Heather, criminally intent ex-Phoenix, AZ police retirees have used my Alcoholics Anonymous background as murder cover-up tool against me, Gordon Robbins, them forgetting I was a leader in AA, them in meetings for disciplinary reasons related to their alcoholism.
@statedeptspox Heather, RICO organized crime statute applicable to Phoenix Law Enforcement Association (P.L.E.A.), members a group of retired law enforcement murder cover-up professionals, P.L.E.A  born out of (illegal?) Phoenix police labor union movement just  10-12 years ago.
@DailyCaller RICO Statutes re: ongoing criminal activities applies to Phoenix Law Enforcement Association (P.L.E.A.), an organization of murder cover-up professionals where I'm concerned, P.L.E.A. born out of a Phoenix, AZ Police labor union movement ten, 12 years agom
@DailyCaller Criminally intent retired and ex-Phoenix, AZ police have used my Alcoholics Anonymous background as their criminal tool in two countries, forgetting myself considered an AA leader, themselves in same meetings for disciplinary reasons related to their alcoholism.
@DailyCaller Most of 97 member "Arizona Patriots" group first settled in around Mazatlan, Sinaloa, Mexico, others went further south, Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan, Zihuatanejo, Guerrero.  Age has taken it's toll. Some wound up with families here in Puerto Vallarta or whereever.
@DailyCaller An aside, Mexican Federal police, some I openly have criticised, have complained futilely that American Arizona fugitives legally extradited, transported out of Mexico by U.S. Federal Marshals from Phoenix office have turned up back in Mexico two, three weeks later.
@DailyCaller Phoenix, AZ ex-police knowledgeable, involved re: cover-ups of 1964 murder of my father, 1971 murder of my son were armongst the "Arizona Patriot" ex-law enforcement group that descended on Mazatlan, Sinaloa, Mexico in late 1980's.
@DailyCaller In late 1980's disgraced group of mostly ex-Phoenix, AZ police descended on Mazatlan, Sinaloa, Mexico carrying with them several ex-American Federal law enforcement agents who had involved themselves with phony tax evasion group scam known as the "Arizona Patriots".
@DailyCaller Phoenix, AZ Police involved in covering up March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins would have you ignore criminal role of Phoenix Police radio dispatch officers of that same day!  Mockery of me by same followed me even into Mexico 2006.
@DailyCaller Phoenix, AZ Police who left me believing my father's murder May 15, 1964 was "a suicide' have since gone to such extreme lengths to associate me with their non-investigation of my father's murder that as an entity it possible one or more of their own the murderer.
@statedeptspox Heather, Way things unfolded here in Mexico re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins and the Thomas Schodt group makes me wonder if Mexican Federal government hierarchy surrendered power to the Schodts and their Canadian helpers.
@statedeptspox American Embassy staff 1998 Mexico City caught, challenged hierarchy of Phoenix, AZ Police Department who labeled me, Gordon Robbins, a "person of interest" in formal international communications.  Term applies to fugitives, criminal suspects, myself neither.
@statedeptspox Criminally intent Phoenix,, AZ Police hierarchy in 1995 lied to, labeled me, Gordon Robbins criminal, manipulated United States of America Air Force command at Davis Monthan Air Force base into having high flight jet pilots track my vehicle here in Mexico/
@statedeptspox Heather, believe this!  United States of America resident population here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico includes Air Force retirees from Davis Monthen(sp?) Air Force at Tucson used as duped stooges by Phoenix, AZ Police Department since 1995.
@DailyCaller  "Athletic Hero Worship" friendship situation motivated FBI agents 1970's to involve selves in their long ongoing cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins involved former major league baseball player, a 1971 neighbor.
@lajornadaonline 2006 October-November paid publication of two false articles on murder that never happened in Oaxaca of non-existant American writer Bradley Roland Wiils  in La Jornada newpaper written, paid for by American Embassy employees.
@DailyCaller Phoenix, AZ Police retirees here in Mexico victims/purveyors of false data on 1964 and 1971 Phoenix murders of my father and a son of mine, false data product of Phoenix, AZ Police hierarchy existing in and since 1964, possible exception Chief Jeri Williams.
@jdawsey1 Josh Dawsey known for in-site reporting of incredibly important matters, read underlying tweet!
@DMLPBerkman Sealed court files of Ninth Circuit Court, Washington, D.C. should show 1965 libel lawsuit filed against CBS news and Walter Cronkite by Arizona State University,  names involved may include Marvin Aliskey(sp?), then chairman of ASU Mass Communications Dept.
@zihua_ixtapa Policia de Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico son gran amigos de fugitivos de Los Estados Unidos de America y Canada muchos anos, encluyen criminales de Policia de Phoenix se vivieron alli ahorra.
@statedeptspox State Bar Association of Arizona lawyers unusual greed filled interest my family finances and property holdings dates to October 5, 1961 Arizona death of my mother, probate of her estate.  Holdings included Los Angeles, Calif. properties traced w/out my knowing.
Paul Prezone, current Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff and former Phoenix, AZ Police Captain (no jokes herein) a fan and longtime supporter of homosexual plagiarist running U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix for USDOJ.
@Google Any chance your Google group in Mexico City involved in falsifying data, aiding in setup of a Mexico Facebook shown on internet as m/Facebook. com where contents, profile listings, names sometimes different than on Facebook itself
@osoriochong Personal appearances of Miguel A. Osorio Chong featured on internet, him in photos w/ "figurehead American Ambassador to Mexico Roberta Jacobson' designed to mislead American and Mexican population and enhance his prestige in Mexico.
@BostonGlobe CanCun, Quintana Roo, and Merida, Yucatan, Mexico taxi drivers twi of most criminally intent and unreliable sources of information on my, Gordon Robbins, activities that could exist in Mexico.  Merida, Yucatan, Mexico motive Alcoholics Anonymous based.
@Suntimes Chicago Sun Times, Daily News execs will have to explain February, 2007 Mexico City criminal involvement of their Mexico City based correspondents with Alcoholics Anonymous groups there.
@statedeptspox Heather, Easily surrendering political and police power to criminal Taxi drivers and companies is one of interesting aspects of local police operations in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico. Has to do mostly w/my whereabouts in Mexico down through the years.
@statedeptspox Certain units of Mexico's Federal Police (Jalisco, some other states, Guerrero, Veracruz, Mexico) seldom missed  opportunities give criminal assistance to Canadian government foreign service, military to discredit me, Gordon Robbins, an American, here in Mexico.
@PGR_mx Criminal operations of two former Mexican Federal Police officers in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in late February, early March of year 2013 typified discredit efforts of Mexican Federal Police re: me, Gordon Robbins, since late 1990's Coyocan, Mexico City.
@CarolLeonnig Phoenix, AZ Police retirees here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico are victims of early veterans from their own department who failed to investigate May 15, 1964 shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and then blamed me for their investigative failure?
@PhilipRucker Are you, Rucker, aware FBI agents, Phoenix, AZ office involved in cover up of 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins motivated by friendship and athletic hero worship of a well known 1960" s professional major league baseball player?
@CarolLeonnig Are you aware Philip Tucker may be supporting Washington Post newspaper international efforts to discredit me re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins?  Glenn Kessler, Michelle Ye Hee Lee, Dan Balz, others at WaPo in on it.
@shearm Are you aware FBI agents, Phoenix, AZ office in 1973-75 began their own cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins?  Separate from Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. cover-up of same.
@statedeptspox Arizona, Federal law enforcement, Phoenix, AZ, set up major two murder cover-up scheme run out of U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix. Police agencies, officers involved Phoenix,AZ Police, Maricopa County Sheriff's, Maricopa County Attorney's office. Others!
@statedeptspox Aware only year or so I, Gordon Robbins, sole "beneficio heir" to 1978 Elena Cortez de Brun trust here, I must conclude improper (illegal?) acts State Bar Association of Arizona put  Phoenix Police retirees and Arizona lawyers here in knowledge of same years ago.
@statedeptspox While you may not grasp full importance of Elena Cortez de Brun financial, property trust here in Puerto Vallarta in this matter, a criminal investigation is in order re: said trust and activities of State Bar Association of Arizona at home in Phoenix since 1978.
@statedeptspox  Criminally intent people here in Mexico smugly brag American law enforcement can do nothing to help me here in Mexico, most of them actually American by parentage descent deeply involved in several international murders and murder cover-ups in both coubtries
@statedeptspox Trail of one Jewish family, Jewish woman Bertha married to my Episcopal ex-wife Bette's uncle, the late Walter Keyrouse, leads to overweight cousin of Bertha who, in 1985, tried to file sexual cohabitation charge against me re: my son Gordon Christopher Robbins.
@statedeptspox Two brothers, Jewish, known murderers, roaming free in Mexico, tied to Jewish women running Hotel L'Madrid, Colima, Mexico  late 2009, to relatives of my ex-wife's late uncle Walter Keyrouse's Jewish wife Bertha in Phoenix, AZ.
@statedeptspox Heather, executives, National Press Club, Washington, D.C. (with)holding data from me re: late 2007, early 2008 activities Mascots, Jalisco, Mexico some staff of American Consulate General of Guadalajara, Mexico representing themselves as American Embassy employees
@statedeptspox Heather, along w/criminally intent lies of former Wisconsin people here in Mexico, now is emerging criminally intentioned efforts of Phoenix, AZ police to identify me with them dating back to 1960's, 1970's and Punts Penasco, Sonora, Mexico.
@statedeptspox Outright criminally intentioned lies about my personal history since childhood typify the criminal activities of southwestern Wisconsin people, Baumgarrtner-Christopherson, others resident here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco and in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@statedeptspox Heather, one of tragedies here  Puerto Vallarta is that elderly Wisconsin Baumgartner-Christopherson family people here knowledgeable for 54 years re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun murder of my father  dragged their children and others into major lies re: myself
@statedeptspox Mexico's political, religious stance against death penalty known.  Yet known murder fugitive, four murders in Arizona and California, allowed run criminal operations at me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico in criminal collusion w/Mexico's Elite Bus Co.
@HoustonChron Houston Chronicle's reporter Lise Olsen let her friendship with murder cover-up professional Nicole Carroll at Arizona Republic newspaper in Phoenix, AZ interfere with her "professional" reporting abilities in recent years.
@HoustonChron
@SecPompeo Heather will have a hard time believing some historic antiques from my Aunt Mary B. White's Los Angeles, California estate sold by my father in Los Angeles in 1963 wound up amongst furnishings at Hotel Las Hades, Santiago, Manzanillo, Colima, Mexico.
@statedeptspox Heather, Just sent Justice Department and a U.S. Federal Marshal's office emails on their deceit and murder cover-up related operations internationally.  Worth asking Secret Service, competent FBI people to follow up on, myself still in Puerto Vallarta.
@statedeptspox Heather, Mullens, Martinez data factual, criminally intent retirees Arizona law enforcement and Mexican counterparts from Mascota, Jalisco based State Police given "Comey" priority here, Puerto Penasco, Sonora based Phoenix, Police retirees involved by radio.
@pressfreedom Re: Arizona law enfircemenr, Arizona media cover-up of 1964 murder of myvfather, Arizona Republic newspaper staff requesting services of 59 bodyguards from Committee to Protect Journalists.  In progress!
@washingtonpost Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, some Washington Post newspaper staff "newbies", outside Writer's Group members, unaware Washington Post 46-48 year ties to current Press Spokesman running U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona.
@statedeptspox Heather, United States of America Navy Commander Michael "Moon Mull-it Over" Mullens retired early, reasons hidden away in naval military tribunal and federal court fileings with Washington D.C. Ninth Circuit Court.
@statedeptspox Filth, English speakers, from Puerto Vallarta, other regions of Mexico, United States of America, Canada, again crowded daytime  into certain bars here in west sector of Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, then walking off without their sunglasses.
@statedeptspox An older Puerto Vallarta resident and local Police crowd who suspect my family  friend Elena Cortez de Brun was murdered here in 1977 appear to somewhat over shouted by a group of younger wise ass criminals, some from out of town.
@statedeptspox Heather, funniest thing I came across here in Puerto Vallarta today was some dumb sh-t pretending to be old time local Alcoholics Anonymous English language group member, David Martinez.  Seriously!
@statedeptspox Heather, empty space from 1990 to 2006 exists in life of Canadian-born minor Arizona fugitive Thomas Schodt, the pre-early 1969 owner of home at 6101 E. Calle. del Norte in Phoenix, Arizona.  His Mexican-Canadian 2006 ties to Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico involved
@washingtonpost Washington Post newspeople surrendered credibility in early 1970's over death of Nixon presidential aide John Ehrlichman's infant son, as "true" Kitty Kelly book scribblings show!
@statedeptspox Heather, historical government and family ties of Thomas Schodt, pre-early 1969 owner of home at 6101 E. Called del Norte in Phoenix, Arizona, need investigation for Schodt diplomatic and intelligence service connections in three countries, third being Mexico.
@mattzap Writing from long experience, I, Gordon Robbins, quite aware of secret criminal duplicity of Canada, from their highest officeholders to their military-foreign service people in Mexico and worldwide.
@statedeptspox Canadian government undermining United States of America  while figures like Trudeau, his historical predecessors have lied, claiming a want of unity with United States of America.
@Milenio Alessandria Osorio-Corte (legally with an "s") is not a descendant of Hernan Cortez and as Congresswoman-elect in New York state cannot hold office as an Osorio either!
@Ocasio2018 Ms. Osorio-Cortes with an "s", in your case, wear warmer clothes!
@brettdrc DEA inspecting number of Air Alaska boarding passes issued to Vancouver to Puerto Vallarta bound Alcoholics Anonymous members over past seven years.
@MPDPIO Maricopa, Arizona police intelligence division not involved in original investigation of Marley Farms development, inquiries to State of Arizona Real Estate Commission.
@USAO_AZ Which Arizona Federal District does this office represent, the Four Corners Reservation Federal District or the greater Arizona Federal District?  Please explain your jurisdictional area, used to see former U.S. Attorney for Four Corners Melvin McDonald at breakfast.
@NYTNational Washington Post under investigation, source says Post  controls U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, goes back to Kitty Kelly book of early 1970's and 1971 drowning of son of a Scottsdale, AZ newspaper reporter.
@StateDept Thanks, Kept up during the week!
@Ocasio2018 Ms. Osorio-Cortes,   a woman here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico pretending to be you on vacation already banned from two restaurants, a bar and grill, and an apartment house.
RT @gordon_robbins: Phoenix New Times run by women haters including sons of former Patricia McElfresh who abandoned Ohio with first husband…
@jaketapper CBS will probably refuse, ask to see late summer 1965 Walter Cronkite prime time news report in which Cronkite libeled male journalism students at Arizona State University, myself in Europe at the time.
NASA Highlights Science on Next Resupply Mission to International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/PioEtkGzFC
@DailyCaller Arizona Republic newspaper executives, staff of recent years deeply involved in covering up long history of (deliberate?) errors dating back to May 15, 1964 Phoenix murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@jaketapper Arizona Republic newspaper reporters still covering up May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins, their May 16, 1964 article on his death labeling it "a suicide" did not come from Phoenix Police.
RT @gordon_robbins: @DailyCaller Arizona Republic newspaper's former editor Nicole Carroll is a liar claiming news tips I sent USAToday re:…
@DailyCaller Arizona Republic newspaper's former editor Nicole Carroll is a liar claiming news tips I sent USAToday re: Canadian population and Vancouver Airport three years ago had anything to do with her, a lonely old lady.
@jaketapper Re: Murders of my father, 1964 and a son, 1971 in Phoenix: Paying attention to murder cover-up people at Arizona Republic newspaper will get you nowhere.
@SecretService Don Price, Secret Service, contact of Phoenix, AZ police chief Jeri Williams, may be able to connect you to more data on the Phoenix Police  criminal cover-ups of murder of my father and a son of mine than you could ever believe exists.
@statedeptspox U.S. Federal Marshal David Gonzalez, Phoenix, AZ and staff of deputies criminal operatives, Gonzalez himself a puppet tied to a Michael Frost of Tempe, Arizona with his own in-Mexico criminal ties.  Don't ignore this!
@statedeptspox Heather, whether or not your people can handle this, the United States of America Federal Marshals force is a criminally activist murder and murder cover-up organization active both in U.S. and Mexico, Embassy connections and mentally disturbed marshals
@DailyCaller United States of America Federal Marshal's criminally involved in both U.S. and Mexico tie to Marshal David Gonzalez of Arizona and his criminal accomplice, Michael Frost of Tempe, Arizona, Frost with his own "cross-border" connections.
@DailyCaller Criminal ties to old Arellano Felix narcotrafficking family, Buckeye, Arizona and MCI telephone co. of Phoenix, AZ in + prior to year 1995, again Buckeye, AZ residents at Sanctuary Halfway House on east Sheriden St., Phoenix, 2001-02.  U.S. Marshal's tied in.
@DailyCaller The two old Arizona murders of family members of mine are not the only murders and "unexplained deaths" involved in this international criminal situation, a situation  denied as existing by the international murder cover-up law enforcement of two countries.
@DailyCaller Hard for you people to believe, United States of America Federal Marshals for nearly two decades involved in criminal activities toward me, and others, here in Mexico, operating on orders from own Internal Affairs national office. Collusion with Embassy involved.
@DailyCaller Criminally involved since 1978, State Bar Association of Arizona never notified me of my being "benificio heir" to the Elena Cortez de Brun estate here, myself without a clue in 1995. Why Arizona lawyers, retired Phoenix police knew much earlier on a valid question.
@statedeptspox On site, October 27, 2017 pair of Mexican Federal Police here in Puerto Vallarta outside major shopping Plaza Caracol area were by voice broadcast labeling me a criminal.  Such criminal labeling efforts apparently in criminal collusion w/Arizona retirees here.
@statedeptspox Heather, voice broadcast messaging, easily done by cellphone or C.B. radio a criminal tool used by retired Phoenix police, others here in Puerto Vallarta, known of and permitted by local police.
@statedeptspox Heather, one ugly trait of Thomas Schodt his ability to lie about identity of mother of my son Patrick Robbins, his criminal lies she niece of his stepfather major part of his criminal repertoire believed, promoted, by his criminal American accomplices here
@statedeptspox Heather, re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, I'm uncertain how many retirees in American-Canadian community of Puerto Vallarta have bought into the lies of the murderer Thomas Schodt, his presence here a reality.
@statedeptspox Heather, right now retirees of Arizona law enforcement, from various agencies, are trying to run their own locally aimed criminal murder cover-up show at me here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@statedeptspox Heather, some of women Alcoholics Anonymous associated with Crossroads Alcoholics Anonymous recovery house, meeting place in Phoenix, AZ as criminally intentioned toward me as the Phoenix Police and Phoenix Law Enforcement Association members.
@DailyCaller Criminally intentioned Phoenix, AZ police + Phoenix Law Enforcement Association people pull out secretly recorded tapes of talks I gave years ago at Crossroads Alcoholics Anonymous in Phoenix and then misinterpret my words to suit their criminal intent.
@statedeptspox Heather, there is an ongoing pattern of Arizona and American Federal law enforcement criminal acts of misrepresentation and lies toward me that dates from the May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father, a shooting I for some 50 years believed "a suicide".
@DailyCaller FBI agents of Phoenix, AZ office in early 1970's exactly when and why they became involved in covering up the March 12, 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins, an ongoing FBI project for decades that even reached into Mexico City and American Embassy.
@statedeptspox Heather, State Department officials should know international crimes of Canadian Foreign Service and Military here in Mexico a major asset to retired Arizona law enforcement people involved in murder cover-ups here in Mexico.
@ABC Simple fact, Phoenix, AZ Police Department covered up the March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.  Why, because some of their radio room emergency dispatch officers ignored emergency child drownings calls Saturday morning March 12, 1971
@statedeptspox Simple fact, Phoenix, AZ Police covered up the May 15, 1964 home invasion shotgun slaying of my father C. Gordon Robbins and then chose to blame me for their non-investigation of the murder.. Cover-up of 1964 has been continued internationally into Mexico.
@Twitter A criminal group logged on as Michelle Ye Hee Lee, ALEXIOS, Cosme Lopez, Dan Balz and others at Washington Post newspaper are an international disgrace,
@SalvadorCaro Holiday Inn in Guadalajara 2007-2008 longtime hideout for criminal pair of American lawyers secretly tried and punished in years earlier in Arizona under "legal" State Bar Association of Arizona rules.  No notice to news media!
@statedeptspox Heather, get curious as to why name of former Arizona Attorney General Tom Horne and former Arizona Governor Janet Napolitano, an ex- ational Director of American Homeland Security are not to be mentioned by Arizona and national news media.
@informador_JAL Muchos complots international aqui en estado de Jalisco, Mexico tienen conexiones a Policia de Phoenix, AZ y los gente anglos se mataron mis papa (1964) y uno de mis hijos (hijos) en Phoenix, Arizona.
@DailyCaller Utah Senator Mitt Romney from Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico will have to face off against New York Congresswoman elect Osorio-Cortes (with as "s") also from Puerto Vallarta in future Congressional sessions.
@dcexaminer Because of Eugene Pullian, Pam and Gerald Eaton, CBS's Walter Cronkite News of late summer, 1965, libeled on nationwide television every male journalism student at Arizona State University, carried worldwide on Armed Forces Network.
@GuadalajaraGob Gente de escuela privada "American School" alli tienen problems de palabras de verdad muchos anos, por que?
@Ocasio2018 Having trouble with your movements Ms. Ocasio-Cortes with an "s", try repositioning yourself on toilet bowl.
@HoustonChron Houston, Texas Police will have records of whom at Phoenix, AZ Police Department told them 1964 Phoenix murder my father C. Gordon Robbins never happened, same w/1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@Suntimes Ed Reid, Daily News famed retired reporter and I, Gordon Robbins, talk over beers, 2005, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, 2007, Mexico City, Daily News, Sun Times correspondents trying get me to Alcoholics Anonymous
@Chicago_Police Chicago, Illinois police say best hunting ground for fugitives used to be Alcoholics Anonymous meetings of English language groups here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@chicagotribune Wisconsin deaths in city of Fennimore wiped out most of Board of Directors (and their wives) of First State Bank of Fennimore in one summer swath of 1978, caused chaos at First State Bank of Harvey, Illinois, two other Illinois State Banks in Chicago area
@Suntimes Some retired Phoenix, AZ police involved in cover-ups re: Phoenix murders of my father, 1964, and a son, 1971, now live homeless under 7th Avenue freeway bridges in Phoenix, more "respectable" are members of P.L.E.A., ask Brnovich.
@DailyCaller Pretensions I, Gordon Robbins living homeless in Arizona reveals amusing desperation of Arizona law enforcement people involved in covering up Phoenix murders of my father, 1964, and a son, 1971.
@DailyCaller Janet Napolitano, an ex-governor of Arizona and former head of Homeland Security in Obama years says she's willing to go back into governmental service of Trump need reliable help.
@chicagotribune FBI agents (Phoenix), Scottsdale, AZ Police in recent years wasted more people's time and money internationally promoting Feb., 1983 Scottsdale, AZ murder that never happened, their victim my ex- father in-law Peter T. Curran.
@cronkitenews Internal Revenues Service audit of Phoenix Zoo's past and present executive officers and Board of Directors' members to go back as many years as legally possible!
@PVallartaNews1 Autograph seekers crowding Colonia Versailles of Puerto Vallarta seeking Wayne McLeod to help point out celebrities in other Colonias.
@JudicialWatch Judicial Watch reveals its secret and confidential investigative activities on Twitter, worse kept secrecy than emails of Ivanka Trump and Hillary Clinton.
@dannowicki All those Republicans with offices in Washington, D.C. are out of office.  Dan, were you friends with elderly ex-Arizona Democrats like Janet Neapolitano!  She'll vouch for you with incoming Democrats.
@Comey James Comey would have been even more vulnerable to criminal charges had Trump left him in charge at FBI
@JohnBrennan Brennan, Any names yet on two white haired elderly CIA renegades attacking American Embassy, Mexico City by voice and electronic wave transmission in 2007, related years?  Their credibility on your watch at CIA meaningless as you know!
@DailyCaller Incredibly low self esteem and/or criminal intent characterizes Phoenix, AZ Police and prosecutorial leaders who funneled my email data on old Arizona murders of my family members to a homosexual plagiarist at U.S. Attorneys office in Phoenix.
@nytimestravel Punts Perula, Jalisco, Mexico is a resort area with a rich, little known history encompassing both European royalty and Mexican presidential families, also a FOREIGN FUGITIVE HIDEOUT if investigated correctly.
@VanityFair Dangerous to insult anyone at Vanity Fair magazine, things there not same since a Gaylord Nelson in charge!
@BostonGlobe Refusing to be a signator to international INTERPOL agreements has been a unnoticed characteristic of most American presidential decades for years
@SecPompeo Thanks for restaffing American Consulate General in Guadalajara, Mexico.  New staff can't understand why some of old staff staying here in Mexico, fear of arrest warrants at home a rumor.
@PalmerReport Palmer Report named for private school in Mexico City specialising in education of American Embassy children with specialised learning abilities.  A Republican party financed foreign project.
@statedeptspox Heather, There are so many former directors of the CIA appearing on television news raises question, is that a temporary job?
@davidhogg111 David Hogg wants advice on what to do with his life.  Any and all suggestions welcome!
@statedeptspox @StateDept About time!
@CNNSitRoom Phoenix, Arizona police retirees build American style Civil Defense shelter in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico with municipal city money, had convinced locals Zihuatanejo on North Korea's first strike list.
@IvankaTrump Ask reporters what name they would have preferred you use when emailing about government matters.
RT @maggieNYT: Khashoggi was murdered. Saudi Arabia flashed cash — and Trump looked the other way. - The Washington Post https://t.co/oJXzB…
@cronkitenews Cronkite news has three reporters at border in Nogales, Arizona covering the Caravaners in Tijuana and Mexicali.
@CNNPolitics Only way Trump could have done worse to Comet would have been to have left him as FBI Director
@ABC Newest development in marijuana legalization, marijuana smokers have less cash to spare, political, charitable donations starting slow slide!
@realDonaldTru_m Robert Mueller trained at Quantico with some FBI agents of Phoenix, AZ office involved in April 7th, 2008 totally unjustified death threats at me at Phoenix, AZ office, also Mueller has drunk driving arrest in Vermont.
Mueller trained at Quantico w/some of FBI agents at Phoenix, AZ office in April 7, 2908 ambush of me at Phoenix, AZ office of FBI, has do w/1970's FBI involved in cover-up of March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins AKA known as Patrick Taylor Robbins. https://t.co/2DGLXFO7UF
@JudicialWatch Clinton emails went to two different persons in particular, President Obama at White House and Janet Napolitano at Sandia High School in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
@informador_JAL Mexican federal and state of Jalisco law enforcement here in Mexico made a "deal with criminal Devil" when they entered into a cross border "law enforcement" alliance with Arizona law enforcement and in particular the Phoenix, AZ Police Department.
@DailyCaller A Phoenix, AZ Police female hired by United States of America Justice Department many years ago, did with criminal intent, added my name to list of known homosexuals.  Caught and fired, she represents criminal perversion typical of most Phoenix Police.
NASA Invites Media to SpaceX Demo-1 Launch via NASA https://t.co/9xMobyG5de
NASA Invites Media to the SpaceX Demo-1 Launch via NASA https://t.co/1Q9AiS8KRA
@statedeptspox Heather, One of tragedies here is some still living Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, residents, police believe my family friend Elena Cortez de Brun was murdered by poisoning in 1977, myself unaware for decades she had named me sole "beneficio heir" to her estate here!
@informador_JAL Port que parte de fuerza de Policia de Guadalajara mentarosos de mis, Gordon Robbins, lugares en anos 2002 a el ano 2007?  Ellos posible' en complicidad con mentarosos el mismo con Consulado de Los Estados Unidos de America alli.
@statedeptspox Beware Heather, one criminal effort of Canadian Foreign Service and Military here in Mexico is to promote idea joint Consulates providing services to both American and Canadian citizens should and have existed here in Mexico.  Fraught w/Canada's criminal intent.
@DailyCaller USAToday backing wrong horse if it sides with affiliated Arizona Republic newspaper people involved in covering up Phoenux murders of family members of mine, 1964 and 1971, Connie Koenan one with direct past involvement in 1971 and since.
@charrisazrep Craig Harris, Arizona Republic newspaper, believes in use of public and private funds where 1964 and 1971 Police cover-up of murders of family members of mine are concerned.
@DailyCaller Guest list, Hotel Oliden, Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico needs to be checked for Phoenix, Arizona Jewish community names going back to late 1990's, has to do w/use of old Gentle Strength Co-op building, Tempe, AZ.
@DailyCaller A homosexual plagiarist now employed as Press Spokesman for U.S. Attorney's in Phoenix, AZ is a  "murder cover-up" specialist used by several law enforcement and prosecutorial entities in Phoenix, Arizona.
@DailyCaller Maricopa County, Arizona officials, U.S Dept. of Justice staff, U.S. Attorney's office people, Phoenix for near four years, been, with criminal intent, deeply involved with a homosexual plagarist now employed as Press Spokesman for U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix.
@DailyCaller Thomas Schodt, American Marine Corps man involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins so self deluded that his decades old lies about identity of mother of my son Patrick still taken seriously by others.
@DailyCaller A self-deluded American Marine Corp man, Thomas Schodt,  posted at American Embassy in Mexico City in 1971 directly involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins runs loose here, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico w/help of "friends"
@El_Universal_Mx El Universal periodico de CDMX tiene gran amigos de agents CIA en el ano 2007, antes y despues!
@DailyCaller American Embassy, Mexico City staff 2011 lies about my whereabouts in Mexico also relate to their security staff lies about my identity Jan. 2nd and 3rd, Feb. 5, 2007 at front entrance to Embassy, them labeling me "a Canadian" despite my showing valid American I.D.
@DailyCaller Criminally intent FBI agents who intimidated my Oregon cousin Janet Nielsen after her 2011 return from Mexico City treated to same lies about my 2011 whereabouts fed my cousin Janet by American Embassy staff of Mexico City.  Black dresses do not become Janet.
@DailyCaller Criminally intent Arizona law enforcement and prosecutorial officials in recent years found it very convenient to go along with Phoenix-Scottsdale, AZ police and local FBI agent cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@DailyCaller Why havd riminally intent Arizona law enforcement and prosecutorial officials ignored for years simple fact woman who set up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins USED PHONY NAME "KATHY SCHODT?  Why?
@DailyCaller Fri., March 11, 1971, Phoenix, AZ, after myself and Patrick' mother Bette, left for Tucson, AZ by car, my and Bette's son Patrick Robbins taken to home across the street by woman using phony name "Kathy Schodt" and handed over to murderer Thomas Schodt.
@DailyCaller In 2010-2013 several retirees of Phoenix, AZ Police w/Alcoholics Anonymous backgrounds traveled along Mexico's mainland west coast, one to visit his Anglo fugitive son in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, the son also got involved in their murder cover-up act.
@DailyCaller Re: March 12,.1971 Phoenix drowning of my son Patrick Robbins, Federal Bureau of Investigation agents, Phoenix, AZ office in early, mid-1970's allowed "athletic hero worship" to interfere with whatever professional judgement they. possessed
@DailyCaller American State Department officials aware Federal Bureau of Investigation agents in Phoenix, 1983 and since trying to provoke me into some type violent action against Scottsdale, AZ businessman Melvin Arthur, a subject of FBI investigations at same time.
@statedeptspox Criminal murder cover-ups intent of Arizona law enforcement, state of Arizona bureaucracy, especially in greater Scottsdale-Phoenix, AZ area has, over many past decades, included women as well as men.
@statedeptspox
@statedeptspox In two different Mexican cities, Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan and now Puerto  Vallarta, Jalisco  Mexican Federal agents in criminal collusion with retired Arizona law enforcement people have tried to "capsulise" events, involving local people  in their criminality.
@DailyCaller Federal Bureau of Investigation agents, successive decades of Phoenix, AZ office agents from 1970's on (maybe 1960's on) major murder cover-up activities provable, illegal acts toward me, Gordon Robbins, even continued in Mexico City later years.
@statedeptspox Same Federal Bureau of Investigation, Phoenix, AZ office agents using info illegally on Melvin Arthur family in 1980's, early 90's next door neighbors to my ex-wife, Bette, on 71st (Place or Street?), Town of Paradise Valley, AZ .
@statedeptspox Federal Bureau of Investigation agents, Phoenix, AZ office, assigned to investigate and surveil Scottsdale businessman in 1980's, early 90's, used factual and fictional matters of Arthur's family life in criminal plot against me, Gordon Robbins.
@statedeptspox Arizona and American Federal law enforcement planted the seeds of their own destruction when they set me up in Phoenix, Arizona in 2001-02.  Undercover caucasian Phoenix Police pimps earning money from Black prostitutes led the criminal action.
@statedeptspox Heather, at this point, political correctness is B.S.  When homosexual men and women escape punishment for criminal acts by claiming "persecution", a reality in and out of Arizona and federal law  enforcement and Justice Department.
@statedeptspox Heather, proven, United States of America Justice Department for many decades also home to male and female prostitutes involved in murder cover-ups with Phoenix Police, Maricopa County, AZ Sheriff's Dept., U.S. Attorner's Phoenix office.
@statedeptspox Heather, a internal complaint and lawsuit by female officer of 24th Street Division of Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. marked my Sept. 21-26, 2007 visit to Phoenix, AZ.  Death threats against her followed as did criminal operations of P.P.D. Internall Affairs
@statedeptspox Heather, Re: Phoenix murders of my son Patrick Robbins (1971l and my father (1964), when Jeri Williams became Phoenix, AZ Police chief in 2016 she did not realise she took over a headquarters division of internationally tied murder cover up officers.
@statedeptspox Criminal filth of Phoenix, AZ Police Department 24th Street Division best known for watching murder suspects board buses headed for Nogales border crossing into Mexico from 24th Street Greyhound Bus Station in Phoenix.
@statedeptspox Heather, officers of 24th Street Division (Airport Division), Phoenix, AZ Police Department, both stupid and criminally intent with long history of LIES where I'm concerned, criminal collusion w/false witnesses their trademark.
@informador_JAL Arizona law enforcement fugitives and other Arizona fugitives hideout in locations that include Las Palmas y Bahia San Carlos circa Guaymas, Sonora, Mexico, others near Kino Bay and Puerto Lobos, Sonora.
@statedeptspox Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins, identifying me w/retired Phoenix, AZ police living here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico a major criminal tactic of several retired Arizona law enforcement agents here.
@TheJusticeDept Arizona's https://t.co/ivKFIfmHnG  a murder cover-up site operated by Arizona Republic newspaper (Phoenix Newspapers Inc.) staff, originally set up by a Nicole Carroll.
@statedeptspox @StateDept @AmbasciataUSA @ItalyinUS @MinisteroDifesa @ItalyMFA Hi Heather, The hackers are messing with your multi-language ability!
@TheJusticeDept Arizona law enforcement retirees making criminal use of https://t.co/Qni07bR8Tu address, diversion of emails to Justice Department their specialty, active at home and here in Mexico
@amazon Amazon says not Jeff Bezos offering big search bids on E-Bay for copies May 16, 1964 Arizona Republic newspaper article on May 15,1964 Phoenix shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins. Nicole Carroll, Arizona Republic holding out for "Big Bucks".
@CombsPhoenix Phoenix, AZ Police lower division officers admit files on birthdates of former Arizona Governor Janet Napolitano turned over to retired Arizona law enforcement people living in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@ArizonaDOT ADOT denies wrong way freeway warnings point in wrong direction, area of 16th Street and Lincoln Drive in Phoenix, Alcoholics Anonymous involved!
@TwitterNews Twitter rep researching background of former Phoenix, AZ police ex-officee Jack Dorsey, criminal suspect last seen on an Elite Bus leaving Puerto Vallarta.
@ScottsdalePD Scottsdale Police Department volunteered to help White House with Khashoggi investigation, sending retired detective Paul Bernholz and wife Patricia.
@dcexaminer Washington Post asked to produce proof Khashoggi a professional journalist on their payroll.
@ArizonaDOT Alcoholics from Crossroads East in Phoenix, AZ cannot deny they designed wrong way freeway system for Phoenix using Federal funds.
@statedeptspox U.S. Marine Corps cannot keep track of own men and women, anglo veterans in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico simply "toadies" for Mexico City based American FBI since 1996.
@dougducey Driverless car of Arizona didn't fall for "Skirt Sanchez" of Arizona Republic newspaper, still with same wife.
@zihua_ixtapa Canadian military, foreign service men conveniently get "pulled out" of Mexico by their government when their Mexican girlfriends get pregnant!
@GuardianUS Isn't it interesting, every time  Democratic or Republican party files a lawsuit, their lawyers, often themselves, get paid legal fees out of 	donated party funds
NASA’s Quiet Supersonic Technology Project Passes Major Milestone via NASA https://t.co/IHxs6rp1ct
NASA Announces Landing Site for Mars 2020 Rover via NASA https://t.co/iiC3utMZ3t
@statedeptspox Re: 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins,Janet Napolitano's criminal Arizona women of 2006-08 in "care giving" hierarchal posts w/Arizona Health and Mental Health programs, Arizona Adult Protection Services other bureaucratic posts in Arizona.
@statedeptspox National political figure Janet Napolitano of Arizona, involved re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, tried to have me labeled "homosexual" in 1980's became I had no interest in a female Brown and Brain law firm associate of hers.
@EricHolder U.S. Attorney's office, Phoenix beneficiaries of murder cover-up artistry  homosexual plagiarist Press Spokesman past 22 months, him with same post Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff's Dept. in 2015-16, re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father, 1971 murder of one .son
@statedeptspox Four distinct criminal groups here in Mexico try to address me by nickname "Gordy". Gangsters of Zihuatanejo, Gro., Mexico, Wisconsin farm family and descendants here in Puerto Vallarta, Muesing family relatives from Minnesota, and some Phoenix, AZ police returees
@statedeptspox Some of Phoenix, Arizona police retirees here in PUERTO VALLARTA and other areas of Mexico old enough to have been criminally involved in both their 1964 non-investigation of murder of my father and 1971 cover-up of murder of son of mine.  Obvious!
@statedeptspox Re:March 12, 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins, criminal Phoenix, AZ Police officers in Phoenix and many retired here, Puerto Vallarta, Jal., Mexico lied for over a decade re: legal 1971 city location of homes in 61st. Place, Calle del Norte in Phoenix
@statedeptspox Heather, name Jack Dorsey associated with TWITTER by voice message broadcasts here in Mexico same as name of Phoenix, Arizona police officer murder fugitive seen in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico and Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.
@statedeptspox State Bar Association of Arizona officials have over a 58- year history of "inappropriate" interest in my family member's financial history coupled with their phony claims they could not locate me.
@statedeptspox Justice Department could help by investigating State Bar Association of Arizona and it's member lawyers 1978 and since local Arizon and international claims re: ties to Elena Cortez de Brun property and financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@statedeptspox Heather, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), 2nd. phase Phoenix office agents criminal intent allied w/my ex-wife toward me, 1983 on, involved criminal manipulation of my then minor sons Matthew and Gordon Christopher.  FBI continued, 2000's Mexico City.
@statedeptspox California Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has real criminal intent problems re: me, Gordon Robbins, and three 1976 motel murders immediately north of San Francisco and a CBI agent fugitive informant, Zihuatanejo, Gro. Mexico recent years.
@statedeptspox Heather, my ex-wife Bette in Arizona, mother of Patrick murdered in 1971, may not even exist, murder and divorce cover-up lawyers there representing her are known for trying to substitute other women for her in formal situations.
@BostonGlobe A mass of criminally intent perverse Phoenix, AZ police have claimed in two countries that I "protected" them re: Phoenix Police involved May 15, 1964 Phoenix murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins, a shooting I believed "suicids because of their 1964 silence.
@statedeptspox Only a mass of criminally intent perverse Phoenix, AZ Police would try claiming in two countries that I, Gordon Robbins, "protected" them for decades after the Phoenix, AZ Police involved May 15, 1964  murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins.
@statedeptspox Amazing, the criminal intent of Arizona and city of Phoenix, AZ law enforcement who have read over and over again and ignored fact phony name (Kathy Schodt) used by woman who set up March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick.
@statedeptspox Heather, how would you + your husband feel if murderer like Thomas Schodt (1971) claimed you his fiance and hinted to U.S. Marine Corps and diplomat employees at American Embassy, Mexico City that he fathered my son Patrick Robbins, his 1971 murder victim.
@statedeptspox Mexican Federal Police, Jalisco State, and local Puerto Vallarta, Police just now recognising the criminal  dangers in their longtime alliance (since 1960's) with murder cover-up entities  Arizona law enforcement including Phoenix, AZ Police Department.
@statedeptspox American Embassy Citizen's Service staff, Mexico City, "helped me out" May 4, 2004 because they believed earlier lies from Phoenix, AZ Police claiming myself, Gordon Robbins, to be "a friend" of Phoenix, AZ Police.
@statedeptspox No results, still Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico police + Kelly Trainor, former American Consul here covering up names of criminal intent Phoenix, AZ Police involved in an international "evidence seeking" fly-in mission against me here in 1998.
@statedeptspox Jeffrey Singer, criminal complicitor in old Phoenix, AZ police cover-ups of 1964 murder of my father and 1971 murder of a son of mine, represents interests of Arizona State University and it's Goldwater Institute in the murder cover ups along w/CBS news.
@statedeptspox Every contact I've had with my own country's American Consulates and Embassies since Geneva, Switzerland, 1965 has been a disaster, except May 4, 2004 Mexico City.  Criminality on their part and American military exists, provable!
@PostBaron Marty Baron has long overdue bar tabs at Eight Ave. Bars on Manhattan Island, New York.
@acapulconews Acapulco, Mexico's Canadian community of fugitives includes most official representatives of Canada's Foreign Service and Canada's military. Big rewards if right Canadian law enforcement people contacted!
@houstonpolice Houston, Texas Police trying keep Vernon Loeb of Facebook and Houston Chronicle from contacting alcoholic women on Facebook!
@mitchellvii Owner of Ford dealership in Paul Ryan's hometown of Janesville, Wisconsin, suspected relative, contact, of Anglo fugitives from southwestern Wisconsin hiding in Mexico.
@Canada French blooded Canadians from Quebec province who fled Puerto Vallarta for Mexico City now "camped out" there with Guatamalan caravaners!
@mattzap Matt, your news stories actually turn out accurate sometimes, Trump your secret source at White House!
@muckrack Woman here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico claiming she's Muck Rack's writer Jessica Lawlor now claims her male escort is a Mexico City police officer,  not from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero police!
@VallartaDaily Puerto Vallarta police said more criminals escaped to Colonia Emiliano Zapata last night than were arrested in the Malecon!
@jesslaw Your name used by Phoenix, AZ police retiree associate, has to do W/Phoenix, AZ police cover-ups, May 15, 1964 murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and a son Patrick Robbins March 12, 1971.
@maggieNYT Blather, blather, blather!
@partlowj Washington Post's Mark Berman seen dating Michelle Yes He Lee, Glenn Kessler's wife from Fact Finder staff!
@jesslaw Phoenix, Arizona police retirees and anglo woman posing as Jessica Lawlor here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico are typical international murder cover-up people.
@jesslaw Woman pretending to be Jessica Lawlor cauggt here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico is actually a blond anglo girlfriend of a newly retired Phoenix, AZ police ex-officer living here in Puerto Vallarta.
@HoustonChron Chronicle reporter Lise Olsen covering up old Arizona murders my father and a son because of friendship w/Nicole Carroll of Arizona Republic newspaper along with that of a criminally active Vernon Loeb (see Facebook).
@DailyCaller Descendants and criminal allies of Wisconsin fugitives here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico from southwestern Wisconsin have current criminal allies at home in Grant County, Wisconsin.
@TheJusticeDept Justice Department audit of U.S. Attorney"s records reveal Arizona, particularly Phoenix area, has a history of unprosecuted federal and local crimes, mostly financial, going back to 1950's-1960's
@BostonGlobe Canada will not pay the financial cost to extradite their criminal fugitives living in southern Oaxaca state of Mexico, particularly coastal regions in and near Pochutla, Oaxaca and Puerto Angel, Oaxaca.
@DailyCaller Radio Pochutla of state of Oaxaca, Mexico is a widely broadcast propaganda operation designed to further criminal activities of Pochutla Police and their foreign fugitive protection operation.
@ddale8 Rumors not true D.D. fired from service job at old people's home in Mesa, Arizona because of a State Department--American Embassy Mexico City dispute!
@ddale8
@HoustonChron Any follow-up to come on arrests, upcoming federal trials of Backpage .com defendants, re: human trafficking and sperm sales overseas?
NASA, Northrop Grumman Launch Space Station, National Lab Cargo via NASA https://t.co/iwVUhMjUe0
@statedeptspox Heather, sooner or later State Department will have to deal w/criminal activities of some American Embassy staff, Mexico City,  Guadalajara Consulate General staff, and American Marine Corps active and retired here in Mexico.  So few dirty the names of the many!
@BostonGlobe Backpage. com federal criminal trials of Arizona's Michael Lacey, others including Houston founder of Backpage .com may never materialise because of political influence of (Phoenix) New Times entertainment weekly.  Houston Police involved!
@statedeptspox Elderly drunks, Canadian and American, men and women, here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, have a long history of murder cover-up activities re: old Arizona murders of my father and a son of mine.  Canadians a major criminal FARCE!
The U.S. Marshal's Service is an international murder cover-up force re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ police involved murder of my father and 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of one of my sons, U.S. Marshal David Gonzalez one of those involved throughout his law enforcement career
@statedeptspox One of criminal American sports of American Arizonans here in Mexico is making fun of me over Phoenix, AZ old murders of my father and a son of mine, Arizona mentality.
@statedeptspox Criminal murder cover-up American Arizonans here Puerto Vallarta, most have known of one or both old Arizona murders of my family members for decades, get by pretending not true. When confronted w/reality claim themselves lied to by others, themselves the liars.
@JudicialWatch William Montgomery, Maricopa County, Arizona Attorney, prosecutor got a little short circuited re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins and dictates of Arizona Revised Statutes, laws of the State of Arizona.
@statedeptspox Existence of Arizona State University student yearbook from early 1960's in hands of private school owner in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in 2013-14 proof of Tempe, Arizona's ties to private schools there going back 50 years or more!
@statedeptspox Criminally intent Zihuatanejo, Guerrero private school young men of high school age, in 2013 there, started criminally intent claims United States of America Federal Bureau of Statistics records available to them re: births, deaths on Internet not valid!
@statedeptspox Far too many criminally intentioned Phoenix, Arizona men have been involved with American Embassy staff and Marine Corps at Mexico City Embassy since the 1960's, allowed to avoid service in Vietnam then and other foreign wars since
@statedeptspox Criminal acts of American Consulate staffs toward me over successive and recent years traces to 1971 arrival in Guadalajara, Mexico from Phoenix, AZ of then five-year-old Jeff Anderson and six-year-old brunette Anglo girl.  Murder of my son Patrick behind them
@EricHolder Eric Holder, who withheld Phoenix, AZ U.S. Attorney's files from congress while Attorney General under Obama, has been involved in curious activity toward me since his 1962 days as a Minneapolis, Minn.  police officee.
@ChrisMegerian Los Angeles Times newspaper reporters covering up for retired Heberlein employee who devoted his life to labeling me, the father of three sons, "a homosexual".  Arizona Republic newspaper sports dept. involved for decades.
@GuadalajaraGob Guadalajara police and both Canadian Foreign Service and American diplomats got criminally involved with criminal local taxi drivers in falsifying a presence for me in Guadalajara, Mexico in 2002-2007 period!
@BostonGlobe Not only did my ex-wife Bette J. Robbins cover-up the 1971 murder of her first born son by me, Patrick Taylor Robbins, she, with FBI friends set out to frame me for Phoenix, Arizona police involved May 15, 1964 Phoenix murder of my father, C. Gordon Robbins.
@JudicialWatch Have you ever heard of a woman like my ex-wife, Bette J. Robbins in Arizona who would help cover-up the murder of her first born son and years later try to frame her husband, myself the father, for the murder?
@GuardianUS Somr of Canada's retired elderly military making criminally intentioned asses of themselves here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@PGR_mx A former Mexican Federal Police officer fired several years ago is the reigning criminal gangster of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico Police force, his police wife his criminal accomplice, both a disgrace to Zihuatanejo.
@TheJusticeDept Joe Arpaio's Maricopa County, Arizona Undersheriff of 2015-16 a major murder cover-up professional who worked with numerous Phoenix, AZ police agencies, agents to cover up May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon "Pat" Robbins,
National Space Council Gets Report on Human Spaceflight in Low-Earth Orbit via NASA https://t.co/3ybth26AZ8
@statedeptspox Heather, a voice broadcast heard here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico claimed a birth certificate in my name turned up at fire site in Claremont, California, if so it was planted there by a criminal gangster from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
NASA to Host Media Call on Agency's Next Mars Rover Landing Site via NASA https://t.co/pw8mRSJfOc
@BostonGlobe Scottsdale, Arizona Police of 1971 and later years, only(?) police department where officers knew son of friends of theirs was murdered and did nothing, eventually tried frame father.
#FacebookDown Facebook criminally manipulated in recent days by murder cover-up professionals, one using name "Matt' Robbins of Nobleville, Indiana, him from Scottsdale-Phoenix, Arizona area, manipulated for years by his own mother, friends, Scottsdale police and FBI.
@cnni CNN's Mexico City staff making criminal fools of everyone in Mexico City including former Mexican president Felipe Calderon since early 2000's, Mexican Federal Police his loyalists 2005-2009 Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico, ancient history to November, 1964, Mexico City
@statedeptspox Heather, Criminally intent Mexican and Arizona law enforcement and Alcoholics Anonymous people here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico had me falsely labeled a Phoenix,, AZ Police "agent-associate" before I even arrived here Oct., 19, 2017
@HoustonChron Houston Chronicle newspaper reporter, editors got little too close to murder cover-up flames from Arizona Republic newspaper, American Embassy, Mexico City, and American Consulate General, Guadalajara!
@BostonGlobe A criminal conspiracy including my ex-wife, mother of Patrick Robbins murdered March 12, 1971 in Arizona, to cover-up the murder is product of Scottsdale, Phoenix, Arizona Police Department retirees including "Lanny" Roger and Paul Bernholz,  Scottsdale.
@BostonGlobe Arizona Bureau of Vital Statistics and employees criminal murder cover-up tools of Phoenix, Arizona Police, other Arizona and some federal law enforcement entities and bureaucrats for years, 2008 Arizona law used.
@WBPictures_Mx Warner Bros., Mexico and TELEVISA Mexico criminally involved other movie and television entities of Mexico in international cover-ups of Phoenix, Arizona 1964 murder of my father and murder of a son of mine in Phoenix, Arizona, 1971.
@BostonGlobe Two distinct Mexican Alcoholics Anonymous figures, Carlos Slim of TelMex-TelCel and the head of Comex Paints of Mexico CRIMINALLY INVOLVED in international Phoenix, AZ police murder cover-ups, my father, C.Gordon Robbins,1964, and son Patrick Robbins, March 12, 1971
@statedeptspox Arizona Republic newspaper staff of today, recent years, tip of a murderous iceberg from Phoenix Newspapers Inc. going back to May 15-16, 1964, involved Los Angeles Times newspaper and other media in long-term Arizona murder cover-ups.
@ChrisMegerian Chris, since you've chosen to identify yourself with the March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, why don't you tell about your shack ups with American Marine Corps men and Diplomats.
@statedeptspox Heather, The U.S. Marine Corps reserve is a criminal adjunct to Phoenix, AZ Police Dept, their Colonel "Matt" Robbins in complicity w/descendants of men who murdered his grandfather Robbins and older brother Patrick Robbins.
@BostonGlobe Washington Post newspaper tied to international male and female prostitution ring, see Mark Berman for details, Hollywood starlets involved.
@markberman Berman married ALEXIOS with Glenn Kessler of Washington Post as best man, ushers at wedding included Press Spokesman for U.S. Attorney's Phoenix, AZ office and Joel Lewis of Scottsdale, AZ Police women's squad.
@statedeptspox CNN International has serious problem re: murder of Ambassador Chris Stevens, other Americans in Lybia, CNN tapes covered up events before murders, weapons of defenders locked up, CBS similar problems with 2012 shooting on Cuernevaca highway, Mexico City
@cnni CNN playing games in Mexico City over alleged rape of 15-year-old Anglo girl inside American Embassy years ago, alleged rapist American Marine Corps officer, now married and member Phoenix Law Enforcement Association (PLEA).
@statedeptspox Heather, a Phoenix, AZ--American Embassy, Mexico City inspired criminal conspiracy was underway here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, Mexican child waiters playing games with my milk allergy, Mexican actors, actresses involved.
@scottsdaleazgov Scottsdale, AZ Police have a modern criminal problem, doing the bidding of my ex-wife Bette J. Robbins who's involved in covering up 1971 drowning murder of her first son by me, Patrick Taylor Robbins.  Scottsdale Police Chief Alan Rodbell involved.
@BostonGlobe My former wife Bette, mother of my son Patrick Robbins murdered March 12, 1971, Phoenix, AZ, has lied her way thru life, her major accomplices retired Scottsdale, AZ police and FBI agents out of Phoenix, AZ office, 1970's and since.
@osoriochong Miguel Angel Osorio Chong photographed quite often w/American Ambassador Jacobson in Mexico, but was Jacobson only a figurehead w/background at criminal operation known as American Consulate General in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico?
@BostonGlobe Re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins part of American Embassy, Mexico City history, one or more murderers out of American Embassy, Mexico City, 1971.  Provable, Canadian tie-in reaches Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico of today.
@HoustonChron Lise Olsen of Houston Chronicle is a victim of American Embassy staffer, Mexico City, Houston, Texas Police headquarters officers Embassy accomplices, Backpage. com a Houston originated sex crimes product.
@BostonGlobe Sons and other relatives of Phoenix, AZ Police hierarchy have been given preferential assignments to American Embassy, Mexico City since Vietnam war era, keeping them out of foreign wars.
@RadioPochutla Radio Pochutla grupo de criminals encluyen Policia alli, alianza con criminals de Azteca Television de Cd. Mexico en historia, estrellas cine porno Canadensias y Americanos possible gran grupos senoritos alli encargada encluyen fugitivos Mexicana
@BostonGlobe Since 1960's American Embassy, Mexico City, rapes, thefts, embezzlement from American estates, possibly murders, fugitive shelter, Arizona majority including Marine Corps and FBI on security staff, criminal direct alignment w/Phoenix, AZ police.  Provable!
@statedeptspox Heather, very disturbing, some Arizona law enforcement decisions based on friendships which inhibit effective investigation and actually, eventually put their innocent friends in undeserved vulnerable situations
@frank_milstead Please do not permit more incompetent forced retirees from your Criminal Investigations Unit to migrate here to Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, one more than enough.
@PioneerPress Muesing family of Minnesota losing big money on legal property, business holdings in Col. Centro of Zihuatanejo. Guerrero, Mexico, American Embassy connections to local LIAR'S CLUB no help.
@keithellison Ellison needs to review Lori Swanson file on Muesing family's Dean Muesing of Mankato, MN and Richard + Joanne (nee Elwood) Muesing of St. Peter, MN.
@WBPictures_Mx Warner Bros. Mexico actors still no satisfactorily explaination woman's body found Jan. 16th, 2007 in apartment southeast corner Zona Rosa, Mexico City.  Them filming at time, dead woman not part actor, production crew!
@StarTribune Biggest foreiign money losers in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico are American Embassy connected Muesing family from Mankato, other regions of Minnesota.
NASA Receives Eighth Consecutive Clean Financial Audit Opinion via NASA https://t.co/pZavC78qjn
@azcentral E.J. Montini longest surviving Arizona Republic columnist, actually outlasted reprints of cartoonist Steve Benson!
Only in America could a porno film star's lawyer command same attention as national politicians from Arizona!
@BrentNYT Over emphasis on Senators from Arizona produces undeserved power for Arizona political leadership!
@statedeptspox Arizona politicians, lawyers, refuse to comment on Flake family lawsuit against former Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio as well as Sheriff's Dept. Itself.
@statedeptspox Hairy faced ex-Arizona law enforcement agents forced to shave at Nogales, Sonora Border pedestrian station restroom before trying to enter Arizona!
Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico hotels offering free vacations to American State Department employees if they bring lots of money!
@scottsdaleazgov Scottsdale, AZ Police searching home in 6400 block of Karen Drive in Phoenix for evidence of existence of Holcomb Phoenix, AZ police family of recent, past decades!
@Comey Comedy seeking role in new production of "My Fair Lady".
@StateDept Some senile ex-Phoenix, Arizona police retirees in Ixtapa-Ziihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico think their faces added to 1963 Zapruder film of Kennedy assassination.
@TempePolice Facebook covering up data on whereabouts of my son Matthew Peter Robbins, Scottsdale, Arizona to Noblesville, Indiana, aided by Arizona Republic newspaper of Phoenix, Arizona in recent years.
Kyrsten Sinema reneges on her pledge to spurn Chuck Schumer https://t.co/OKk9NJfi7D via @azcentral
@Ocasio2018 James Acosta of.CNN?
@Milenio Former Mexican president Felipe Calderon "out" of PAN, now backing declining political power of Canadians in Col. Centro of Mexico City!
@brianstelter Reliable sources one of scariest profiles on Twitter, caught Snipes counting invalid ballots, Ms. Snipes blames Trump for Florida miscount.
@brettdrc Brexit, If you have to ask you don't need to know!
@Cronkite_ASU CBS got hooked by the late Senator Barry Goldwater from Arizona way back in 1960's, still paying  off.
@LisaMascaro Is your Liz Cheney related to former vice president Richard Cheney s family?
International Team, NASA Make Unexpected Discovery Under Greenland Ice via NASA https://t.co/UGahkuGHha
@jefftayloredits Some idiot using Jeff Taylor's name claiming be reporter w/Indianapolis Star newspaper running around naked here in Puerto Vallarta.
@NickMiroff @partlowj Josh says welcoming committee at Texas border is just for him!
@statedeptspox Heather, if English language announcements here Puerto Vallarta correct, certain Phoenix, AZ Police retirees at home in Arizona may be looking at murder charges out of Mexico.
@statedeptspox Heather, stay at a distance and ask American Embassy staff, Mexico City, to demonstrate 1000 kilometer reach of their voice projection sound machine, easy reach west to Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan, Mexico.
@JudicialWatch Kind of interesting, outside Judicial Watch baliwick, criminally intentioned sound machine symbolizing lack of law enforcement in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico where gangsters and fugitive murderers . rule
@statedeptspox Anglo Alcoholics Anonymous man, nickname Willy, first name Wilbur, Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico in mid-1990's, later in San Patricio, Villa de Obregon, Jalisco and Manzanillo, Colima, given false family name "Bryant" by persons hoping to cover-up his  identity.
@statedeptspox Heather, criminals, likely w/United States of America Marine Corps, have run illegal voice messaging criminal acts in Arizona against myself since November 24-25, 2007, more recently against Thomas McCauley, employee of State Bar Association of Arizona
@statedeptspox Massive criminal intent toward me, Gordon Robbins, from mass of population of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, local and foreign community, symptomatic of Guerrero, Mexico statewide problems.  Gangster group ties loosely to 2013 assaults on vacationing Los Angeles firemen
@mileniotv Woman about thirty on same Elite Bus as myself Oct. 18, 19, 2017 from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero to here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, reportedly tried to turn me in to local police as Phoenix, AZ Police fugitive fleeing Zihuatanejo.  Why? Criminal intent is why!
@statedeptspox Heather, ex-United States of America Federal Marshals, one known to American Embassy staff in Mexico City, also part of criminal actions against me in Mexico City in 2012, minor assault against young waitress at Cafe Raiz, Plaza San Geronimo, Col. Centro
@statedeptspox Heather, Certain Mexican Federal officials, with no respect for any laws, let an American fugitive under indictment for four murders in Arizona + California to join in  criminal harrassment plots against me for over ten years, including him w!Elite Bus company.
@statedeptspox Heather, a criminally intentioned gangster group of younger mixed blood men and women out of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in on "cursing out" phone conspiracy, them w/some Mexico law enforcement help!  Provable!
@statedeptspox Heather, retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police, murder cover-up people here in Mexico  ones who tried setup situations of me cursing at people by phone at various entities like U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Scottsdale, AZ Police, etc. Ex-U.S. Matshals also involved.
@statedeptspox Heather, women who answer phones to incoming calls at Scottsdale, AZ police Dept., even calls transferred to Chief Alan Rodbell's office phone, criminally involved in misidentifying me for nearly three years, answering service EXPRESSIONS involved!
@BostonGlobe Phoenix, Arizona Police investigated nothing regarding May 15, 1964 Phoenix shooting murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins, letting stand as written an erroneous May 16, 1964 Arizona Republic newspaper article quoting police as labeling my father's death "a suicide".
@statedeptspox Phoenix, Arizona Police investigated nothing re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix shotgun murder of my father, allowing an erroneous Arizona Republic newspaper article of May 16, 1964 quoting police as labeling my father's death "a suicide" stand as written!
@statedeptspox Same criminal.crowd, Baumgartner and others from southwestern Wisconsin in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico since 2012 or before claiming publicly in 2013-14 and often since themselves my closest relatives and friends since childhood.  Murder of my father?
@statedeptspox In year 2014 in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico a loudmouth from southwestern Wisconsin shot off his mouth about one of his relatives of earlier years saying he might have setup circumstances leading to 1964 Phoenix murder of my father.
@BostonGlobe My ex-wife's loyalties to woman who used name "Kathy Schodt" to setup March 12, 1971 murder of son Patrick Robbins swung almost immediately to same woman, then went dormant until Bette's encounter w/ Gordon Harlan Black in early 1976, Town of Paradise Valley, AZ.
@BostonGlobe Immediately after March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, Phoenix Police seized and hid away file of signed, notarized statements from employees of Rodeway Inn, in Tucson, Arizona re: suspicious activities  before, after murder of Patrick.
@BostonGlobe Phoenix, AZ Police records of May, 1964 show the shotgun used to murder my father C. Gordon "Pat" Robbins May 15, 1964 was returned to "the owner" by police three days later.  Any further questions?
@VP Your city of Noblesville, Indiana Police Department needs a good going over for international criminal murder cover-up complicity with a renegade U.S. Marine Corps man, see officer Jackie Stewart for details--key name Matthew Peter Robbins from Scottsdale, AZ.
@TheJusticeDept United States of America Marine Corps officer part of  international criminal complicity against me, Gordon Robbins, him in criminal collusion with Noblesville, Indiana Police Department in early 2017, may involve training deaths at 29 Palms, Calif. In 200(3?)
NASA Brings Mars Landing, First in Six Years, to Viewers Everywhere Nov. 26 via NASA https://t.co/sl7tzvoPy4
@WBPictures_Mx Warner Bros., Mexico employees deeply involved in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero and Mexico City, murder cover-ups and falsifications dating to 2007 and possibly 2005, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico.
@Milenio Mexican Federal Police, Guadalajara still will not deal with early 2008 rape and murder in Guadalajara of a woman known as Alejandra Cortez from Los Volcanos, Jalisco near Hotel San Jose and old bus station, body found in shallow grave in alley
New York Students to Speak with Astronaut Aboard Space Station via NASA https://t.co/XMhv4mf0p7
@BostonGlobe Wisconsin State Police have been lied to by Arizona law enforcement re: my identity here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico--re: possible murders there in Fennimore, Wisconsin in 1978 and murder of a Mary Bach near Wisconsin Dells about 1979-80.
@BostonGlobe Criminal intent of Arizona State Bar Association members here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico revealed itself in summer,  fall of year 1995, even a local english speaking Mexican lawyer involved that fall.  Myself, totally unaware re: Elena Cortez de Brun trust
@CBSNews You will have to review your Walter Cronkite prime time news broadcasts via television late August, early September, 1965 from New York.  So popular was Walter he even made the overseas Armed Forces network.  Want to talk about it, CBS?
NASA to Broadcast Administrator’s Welcome for Orion’s European Powerhouse via NASA https://t.co/f7Tq6zPOyX
@scottsdaleazgov My sons Gordon Christopher Robbins and Matthew Peter Robbins have been lied to and manipulated so much by their mother I'm surprised they haven't joined her criminal friends with FBI's Phoenix office of decades past.
@statedeptspox Heather, They say your office pays no attention to my Tweets, ask Pompeo and Brannan how they feel about front page, El Universal newspaper, June 7, 2007, Mexico City.
@LaurieRoberts Laurie Roberts, Arizona Republic, caught "kissing up" to murderer's helpers running Arizona Republic newspaper in recent years!  Not an original racist criminal babe of February, 2013.
@TempePolice People actually expected to believe your friends from E-joy Cybercafe, 20 E. 7th Street, Tempe, flew privately back and forth from Scottsdale airport across border all the way south to Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico several times a year just to "import sugar?"
@IndStatePolice Your agency will have hard time believing this--Indianapolis Star under related ownership w/Arizona Republic in Phoenix where staff historically and current staff involved in murder cover-ups going back to 1964, victims my father and a son!
@IndStatePolice One of criminal tactics of Arizona and Indiana law enforcement of past several years has been to misidentify me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico, serves purposes of murder cover-up personnel with Arizona and American federal law enforcement offices Arizona.
@TempePolice A criminally intent law enforcement agency toward me, Gordon Robbins, since 1960's, the only thing they've gotten right in past dozen years is possibility a woman named Betty Robbins murdered by her friends there several years ago.
@scottsdaleazgov Scottsdale, AZ Police criminally involved in whereabouts, marriage interference with my son Matthew Robbins since year 2004-05, setup involved Gaertner family women of Zenith Lane, northeast Phoenix.  Possibly my ex-wife Bette J. Robbins!
@TheJusticeDept Criminal Justice Department employees of U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ include in past two years a homosexual plagiarist Press Spokesman, him a murder cover-up figure with Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff's Dept. In years 2015-16.  East coast D.C. ties!
@ISPJasper Local police  Noblesville, Indiana have chosen to become involved in whereabouts of my son Matthew Robbins from Scottsdale, Arizona, his name on several apartment houses there.  Local officer using name McFee, a Jackie Stewart, and others involved.
@IndStatePolice Noblesville Police chose over past few years to involve themselves in criminal activities re: whereabouts of my son Matthew Robbins, his name on several properties there.  Local police involved used names McFee and Jackie Stewart, Brewington family involved!
NASA to Air Launch of Russian Cargo Ship, Docking at International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/Zy79oFEXDc
@BostonGlobe U.S. Attorney's Phoenix, AZ office has a similar call diverting service hooked into it's phone line, working national, international calls on a hit and miss basis, if male answers you have reached the criminal cutout!
@BostonGlobe Both criminally intent Scottsdale, AZ Police and State Bar of Arizona illegally using EXPRESSIONS answering service with criminal intent to misinform or redirect callers w/questions.  International ties and calls included!
@BostonGlobe State Bar Association of Arizona will put on phone someone pretending he's Thomas McCauley who may lie, deny any kniwledge of myself, Gordon Robbins, and existence of Elena Cortez de Brun property and financial trust established here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico 1978
@BostonGlobe Do not scoff, my every thought_ move of past 16 years known to CIA, Phoenix, AZ Police and their ex-officers living here in Mexico.  Even Houston, Texas Police headquarters officers of 2016 criminally involved by long distance phone!
@BostonGlobe State Department, United States of America, criminally involved with both Phoenix Jewish community criminal interests and Black women racists, provable on American State Department internet website here in Mexico in recent years.
@ParadiseVallAZ Both my ex-wife, Bette J. Robbins and a Renee Frost, now of Buckeye, Arizona, got involved in the cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my first born son Patrick Robbins by same Bette J. Robbins (nee Curran), Renee Frost baptismal godmother to Patrick.
@NoblesvilleIN Are you proud of your criminally intent Noblesville, Ind. Police Dept. and it's international criminal collusion with Phoenix and Scottsdale, AZ Police cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of Patrick Robbins, the older brother of Matthew Robbins.
@BostonGlobe Phoenix, AZ Police "white boy" undercover pimps and Arizona Republic newspaper people aligned themselves w/Black criminally racist women led by Arizona's Carolyn Ratyner decades ago, her national contacts Eric Holder, (the Obamas?), and NAACP leadership.
@BostonGlobe Alan Rodbell, Scottsdale, AZ Police Chief, got himself criminally involved internationally, sponsoring a criminal operation using a phony Internal Affairs officer using name Joel Lewis, provable!
@BostonGlobe Thomas McCauley, employee, State Bar of Arizona, knows about Elena Cortex de Brun property and financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, State Bar of Arizona criminally compromised by Scottsdale, AZ police operatives and their retirees.
@AZStateBar State Bar Association of Arizona involved in everything from cover-ups of Phoenix murders of my father (1964) and a son (1971) to international misrepresentation of Elena Cortez de Brun property and financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@BostonGlobe Central Intelligence Agency, Brennan, Pompeo, their predecessors at CIA got caught up in 2002 Phoenix, AZ area law enforcement international conspiracy to label me, Gordon Robbins, a narco trafficker's contact in Mexico.  Even Mexican Federales involved!
@BostonGlobe Scottsdale, AZ Police and my former wife Bette J. Robbins criminally interfered with marriage of my son Matthew Peter Robbins, them in 2004-05 in criminal collusion w/one or more women from Gaertner real estate family of northeast Phoenix, Zenith Lane!
@TheJusticeDept Living here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico now may be both men who took the loaded antique rifle to Steven Spielberg's home in Beverly Hills, California, the rifle that killed Spielberg's sister.  Still involved in voice harassment of me, Gordon Robbins here now.
@Telcel A Mexican Federal Police officer and his lieing brunette anglo girlfriend, a TelMex-TelCel employee, were allowed to run a Feb. 2008 criminal operation at me, Gordon Robbins, at TelCel service center on Ave. Chapultepec in Guadalajara, Mexico.  Videos prove.
@WBPictures_Mx Two men who took a loaded antique rifle to Steven Spielberg's Beverly Hills home, the rifle that killed Spielberg's sister, were allowed to go free and became part of a movie production crowd in Mexico engaged in criminal voice harassment of me, Gordon Robbins
@NoblesvilleIN Noblesville, Indiana police are criminally involved in a criminal Facebook and local Noblesville conspiracy involving whereabouts of my son Matthew Peter Robbins, from Scottsdale, Arizona, an officer McFee, a Jackie Stewart, and Brewington family all in it.
@Milenio Uno o' dos Policia Federal de Mexico en Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico en 2006 acusaban mio, Gordon Robbins, en un delito del ano 2005 alli, gran mentarosos ellos!
@mileniotv Francisco Madero, calle de Colonia Emiliano Zapata aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Hotel Lima este de Ave. Insurgents y otra negocios alli ayumiento de criminales de Canada y Mexico contra mio Gordon Robbins, una cantina en Francisco Madero oeste de Insurgentes criminales
@mileniotv  Autobuses Elite S.A. de Cv. parte de complicidad de criminales de Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero contra mio, Gordon Robbins.  Amigo socio de Elite 10 anos  fugitivo se mataron cuatro personas en Los Estados Unidos de America hace muchos anos, protection gobierno Mexico
@BostonGlobe Persons involved in covering up 1964 Phoenix murder of my father and 1971 drowning murder of a son of mine include The Arizona Republic newspaper editors and reporters of both distant past years and recent years  Easily provable by their own records!
@mikesunx Do you, Mike Sunnucks, enjoy helping Phoenix, AZ Police retirees and your journalistic Arizona Republic friends cover-up the police involved May 15, 1964 murder of my father and aiding their cover-up of March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@mileniotv One "piece of shit" Tourism Police officer, early morning, Feb. 21, 2018 (this year) uses name "Jesus Mattes", a burglary cover-up officer here Hotel Posada Iris, him picking up where criminal intent Tourism Police of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico left off in 2001
@RadioPochutla Pochutla, Oaxaca, Mexico Police are a major criminal operation catering in past years to Canadian homosexual pornograohic movie stars and fugitives from both U.S. and Canada, may have been involved in murder of a Salinas family male Coca Cola-femsa in 2005-06.
@BostonGlobe Re: old Arizona murder cover-up of my father and a son, United States of America Marine Corps veterans here In Puerto Vallarta, Mexico include criminally intentioned men serving with Mexican federal law enforcement agencies.  Part of international conspiracy
@TheJusticeDept Facebook-- Noblesville, Indiana Police with Internal Affairs officer McFee and a "Jackie Stewart" is a criminal operative police department where my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins, born in Arizona, is concerned!  Brewington family also!
@statedeptspox Americsn Marine Corps veterans here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico active part of criminal group connecting to same with Scottsdale, Arizona Police Department.
@ReutersBiz An 81-82 year old Canadian, stocky, white haired, wealthy, known to local municipal police Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico provably involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, close associate to Thomas Schodt in past.
@cnni CNN and TELEMUNDO were and are part of an international murder cover-up that connects directly to the criminal aims of the Canadian government, military, and Foreign Service here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco now just as they did in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero in past years!
@statedeptspox Heather, documentation existed prior to 2006 that  Canadian born Thomas Schodt was a minor fugitive from Arizona when aided and abetted by Canadian Consul and Mexican law enforcement at Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico
@statedeptspox Heather, I am a remembered friend of Latvia (Mexico, 2009) and also have adopted Yeman as a favorite country.  Any chance the Saudi royal family no longer associated with Pat Murphy, a former hired publisher of Arizona Republic newspaper?
@FoxNews Help wanted, needed by FOX, must be capable of coordinating falsification of  voice sound and video security tapes, former White House personnel need not apply, Mueller watching!
@TheSunDevils Restaurant run here in Puerto Vallarta by former Arizona State University Sun Devil athletic group has convinced group of Arizona Anglo Alanon women visitors their expensive tacos are really upside down tortillas!
@markberman Broward County voter registration election crew caught on television counting invalid ballots in election results, video exists, either CNN or/and FOX.
@LaurieRoberts This well known Arizona Republic reporter and writer, Laurie Roberts, is wekl known for never ignoring an obvious direct question.  Facebook X files!
@rachel_smetana You really believe that stuff about two Winfield Scotts, you should have been in Mexico City in 1848 for the Bible reading like some of my ancestral cousins hung by Scott and his troops!
@statedeptspox Heather, believe it or not, criminal Canadians in complicity with some PGJ (Mexican Federal-localbmixed police force) in 2007 put out phony broadcast reports my son Matthew Peter Robbins murdered in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@AZStateBar Thomas Schodt, involved in 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, knew, in very early 2000's more than I knew then about Elena Cortez de Brun trust here in Puerto Vallarta.  How and why?  Myself "beneficio heir"
@ParadiseVallAZ Jeffrey Singer, others from Arizona State University's Goldwater Institute,  searching for vacant homes to move into in Town of Paradise Valley, Arizona.  Athletic star homeowners there no longer going to "on the road" games!
@LASDHQ Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico men who beat up vacatiioning Los Angeles, California in year 2013 ordered by local law enforcement to stay in same neighborhoods, some turned non-violent pimps
@JudicialWatch A Cosme Lopez in Florida on Twitter connects to Phoenix, AZ U.S.Attorneys office, to ALEXIOS and Glenn Kessler's Fact Finder staff at Washington Post.  Old Arizona murder cover ups involved.
@phoenixpolice Retirees from Phoenix, AZ Police and city of Phoenix, AZ here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico have direct international tie-in by phone, intercept some international calls to Cosme Lopez at U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix
@realDonaldTrump Canada will try to take advantage of every mistake you make,  Alliances important to American economy, worth of dollar around the world!
@ParadiseVallAZ This Arizona town's Marshal's office has for some sixty years been covering up for the criminal acts of a police informant named Gordon Harlan Black with a Stallion Road address, may no longer be living there.  Vouched for Black w/other police agencies.
@MinotDailyNews Harlan Black, born in early 1900's in Minot, fled Minot with his wife about 1940, produced a son Gordon Harlan Black and a daughter, Susan, in southern California, moved to Town of Paradise Valley, Arizona, late 1950's, son a police informant who stabbed criminal friends in back
@AP_Politics Canadian government Foreign Service officers in Guadalajara, Mexico in early 2008 stalked me, Gordon Robbins, an American by birth and nationality, and tried to add my name to a list of Canadians in Mexico.  Criminal act!
@statedeptspox Heather, False are any claims my son Matthew Peter Robbins was murdered in Ixtapa Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico,in 2007, said lies put out there by Canadians from Quebec province with south of France bloodlines.
@CapehartJ Jonathan, your tweet doesn't make any sense.  Are you in Florida?
@mileniotv A criminal complex of buildings, businesses, theatrical comedy nightclub and  Burro Bar stretches the length of a football field from the southside Basillo Badillo entrance to Hotel Lilly north, fronting on both Blvd. Olas Altas and, to the west, Los Muertos Beach.
@statedeptspox Heather, don't tell Pompeo, I need a disc jockey on Phoenix radio to play Ricky Nelson tune "Garden Party" in honor of "my old friends" from Scottsdale, AZ Police Department of 1970's.  Texans understand Baton Rouge.
@mileniotv Criminally intent retired Phoenix, AZ police have a pair of dusty grey haired, glasses wearing Anglo criminal males usually wearing greyshirts in their 50's hanging around various daytime bars here in Puerto Vallarta, making sure they are seen.  Real assholes!
@muckrack Hello. Muck Rack, retired Phoenix, AZ police caught with a blonde angle woman claiming herself to be your writer employee Jessica Lawlor, any chance your Cosme Lopez her lover?
@statedeptspox Heather, elderly men exist here in Puerto Vallarta from Wisconsin who shook my hand in 1964, offering sympathy at my father's funeral in Fennimore, Wisconsin, men + women who knew then some of their relatives in Phoenix involved with my father's murder.
@statedeptspox Heather, major problem here Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco and in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico is presence of gringo migrants from southwestern Wisconsin, relatives of older family members "familiar* w/1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins.
@statedeptspox Heather, re: criminal taxi driver involvement here in Mexico, a few months ago I saw a pure blooded American ex-Phoenix, AZ police officer driving a taxi here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, him possibly with residential status.
@PGR_mx Cuando yo, Gordon Robbins, en enteriores de Hotel Villa Sol en Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca en 2006, por que uno de sus agentes acusaba mio en un delito de un ano antes alli, en ano 2005?  Por que?
@PGR_mx Cuando Uds.mentarosos de mis lugares y identidad desde el ano 1964 a hoy, Uds. ayudaron gente de Policia de Phoenix, Arizona y otras se mataban mis papa en ano 1964 y su amigo de Military Marinos Americana Thomas Schodt, uno de grupo se mataban mis hijo Patrick en 1971
@TheJusticeDept All the criminally intentioned Arizona law enforcement entities involved internationally in old Arizona murder cover-ups connect to several dozen privately owned taxi companies here in Mexico who communicate via a nationwide taxi radio communication setup.
@TheJusticeDept Murder cover-up artists here in Mexico include several hundred Mexican taxi drivers, bilingual, with past work history w/Phoenix, AZ Police, Maricopa County Sheriff's Dept., and Arizona DPS (State Police + criminal investigation unit.  Nationwide radio ties.
@PGR_mx Uds. ayudaban taxistas aqui en Mexico, Zihuatanejo, Guerrero; Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan;, Merida, Yucatan; Mexico City, y Guadalajara en muchos anos sus complicidad delencuencia contra mio, Senor Gordon Robbins.  Porque?
@TheJusticeDept One of most criminally intentioned excuses for Arizona law enforcement murder cover-up activities conducted in criminal collusion with my ex-wife Bette J. Robbins is their claim our divorce invalid "because she's still in love with me".
@JudicialWatch Criminally intentioned hierarchy of Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff's Department in years 2015-16 funneled all evidentiary emails re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father to same PR man now Press Spokesman for U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix.
@JudicialWatch One of major activities of current Press Spokesman, U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, past four years has been to intercept and receive evidentiary information emails I have sent re: May 15, 1964 Phoenix shotgun slaying of my father, C. Gordon Robbins.
@JudicialWatch Judicial Watch lacks courage and integrity to fully investigate criminal plagerist and Justice Department criminal ties of the Press Spokesman for U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ of past 22 monthsn
@TheJusticeDept Efforts a month ago to involve me w/very young dark haired Anglo blooded woman here in Puerto Vallarta using nickname "Marge" designed to produce one-sided dialogue to be used to further connect me to "Marge"' Schodt of Scottsdale, AZ. Police ties.
@TheJusticeDept Your offices cannot control criminal activities of Phoenix-Scottsdale Alanon women or others from Phoenix area involved business-wise here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, however best you be aware of them.
@TheJusticeDept Possibly true, amongst members of legal advisory board to the Maricopa County, Arizona Attorney's office of Bill Montgomery was an attorney involved in the 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins which Montgomery probably told never happened.
@ScottsdalePD Are your Scottsdale police officers still worshipping at the feet of an Alanon woman nicknamed "Marge", mother of your friend Thomas Schodt, him one of the March 12, 1971 murderers of my son Patrick Robbins whom you protect and worship also?
@statedeptspox My years of voluntary service in Alcoholics Anonymous in Phoenix and Scottsdale, Arizona have been widely used here in Mexico as a criminal tool by same Phoenix police retirees sent to samr AA meetings for disciplinary reasons by their department!
@PGR_mx Uds. possible parte de un complot pretenciones yo, Señor Gordon Robbins en Guadalajara, Jalisco, mucho de Tiempo 2001-2007?  Complicidad de criminals y mentarosos taxistas y Policia de Guadalajara, nada mas!
@TheJusticeDept One of female leaders of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico population's criminal gangsters an American Jewess who's lawyer husband and cousiin-in-law directly involved in 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins!
@TheJusticeDept Tell your Mexico Justice Department contacts the criminal population of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, is one of best organized criminal mixed blood American, Canadian, Mexican group of gangsters in existence, including their women!
@TheJusticeDept Your contacts, Mexico's Justice Department should know local American con artist Gloria Whiting's name shows illegally on local municipal records as "owner" of Hotel Los Quatros Vientos in Col. Centro of Puerto Vallarta, key property to Elena Cortez de Brun trust.
@statedeptspox Heather, put bluntly, a criminally intent Phoenix, AZ police operative here in Mexico has for years made jest of name of Puerto Vallarta man who's known me off and on since December, 1966, likening his family name Pena to the English language "penis".
@TheJusticeDept Criminal team of U.S. Federal Marshal David Gonzalez and Michael Frost were running roughshod with criminal murder cover-up efforts by 2002 in Phoenix, Arizona, Gonzalez but an altar boy to Frost re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@statedeptspox Pardon my error, it was September of 2008 when a foul loud mouthed Phoenix Police officer bragged about how they handled my legitimate complaint against them of September 21-26, 2007.  Criminal asses all !
@statedeptspox Heather, to put it bluntly, Phoenix, AZ Police and Arizona Republic newspaper guilty of "kissing the ass" of criminally intentioned, mafia aligned Black racist criminals, mostly women, active since late 1980's, key name Carolyn Rattner.
@TheJusticeDept Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. Public Standards Bureau (Internal Affairs) criminally intent operation, proven by their handling of handwritten complaint from me, Gordon Robbins, mailed from Ciudad de Guzman, Jalisco, Mexico in October of 2008 re: Sept. 21-26, 2008.
@statedeptspox Heather, I was never legally notified I myself sole "beneficio heir" under Mexican law, even though BanComer of Mexico asked the State Bar Association of Arizona to do so.  In 1978 that notification request became comedy fare for Scottdale lawyer Richard Campana
@statedeptspox Heather, myself never notified legally of my position in the Elena Cortez de Brun trust here in Puerto Vallarta, in some private emails I maintained that some Phoenix Police, city officials and Arizona lawyers have known of the Elena Cortez de Brun since 1978.
@statedeptspox Numerous international laws besides those against murder have been violated re: the Elena Cortez de Brun property and financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.  Arizona lawyers and some Phoenix Police knew long before I did about 1978 trust
@statedeptspox Heather, one thing criminally intent lawyers and ex-Phoenix police retired here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico used in their criminal approach is my lack of knowing I myself, Gordon Robbins, sole beneficio heir to Elena Cortez de Brun trust, Puerto Vallarta
@statedeptspox Heather, three sources, Clay Chandler of Fortune magazine, Jason Meisner at Chicago Tribune, and State Bar Association of Arizona can tell you about Elena Correz de Brun property-financial trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.  Murder cover-ups only part.
@statedeptspox Heather, your hero John Roberts, Fox Television News International, just as, possible even more, guilty as rest of that CNN, U.S. Marine Corps, American Embassy crowd in Mexico City, late 1990's, earlier 2000's.
@TheJusticeDept My communications only indirect and direct contact with current Phoenix, Arizona Police Chief Jeri Williams had been used to feed criminal fires of old time Phoenix Police retirees here in Mexico, liars claiming me an "old friend and associate"
@statedeptspox Criminal murder cover-up operatives here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico have involved name Richard Nelson of Fennimore and Bloomington, Wisconsin, friend I have not seen in some 60 years.
@TheJusticeDept Re: murder cover-ups in both countrys--Mexican Federal, State, and local police here in Puerto Vallarta and Guadalajara, Jalisco catering to an older  American and Canadian group who are part of  local murder cover-up group trying to be funny.
@TheJusticeDept In history of May 15, 1964 murder of my father, C. Gordon Robbins, Phoenix, AZ Police lied to Justice Department in Washington, D.C. about aftermath and follow-up investigation of which there was none.  Left me believing my father committed suicide
@mileniotv Today: A grossly overweight elderly blond gringo with glasses in flower shop on north side Calle Lazaro Cardenas east of Insurgents a street and a half makes jokes about the murder cover-ups, murders here in Mexico and in U.S.A.
@statedeptspox Ex-Phoenix, AZ police retirees involved in international murder cover-ups have far too much help from major American companies involved in movie and television production here in Mexico, CNN and Warner Bros. two examples, uncertain about Mel Gibson group
@statedeptspox Phoenix, AZ police retirees here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, and in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico have had much to much cooperation from Elite Bus Company employees of Mexico, especially in Zihuatanejo's criminally operative major bus station.
@statedeptspox Retired Phoenix, AZ police have made murder cover-up inroads w/public officials and prominent private citizens here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, MX over several decades.  Easily overcome because they have lied about certain birth and death dates, etc.
@WBPictures_Mx Warner Bros. subsidiary here in Mexico has employees who have been involved criminally, part of murders and murder cover-ups when in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, and Mexico Citym
@TheJusticeDept Tourism Police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco a criminal tool of Ex-Phoenix, AZ Police retirees used against me here in Puerto Vallarta since late 1990's.  2006 their banner criminal year!
@mileniotv Puertio Vallarta Policia Tourismo criminales contra mio, Gordon Robbins, en ultimo anos de noventas, ahorra, 2018 Jesus Mattea, Policia Tourismo symbolica de criminals de Puerto Vallarta y Hotel Enerdyria, Calle Naranja, Col. Emiliano Zapata.
@TheJusticeDept Ex-Phoenix, AZ police including their officer fugitives on the run could always find work in TelMex-TelCel contract phone rooms in Guadalajara, Mexico, boss man retired Phoenix police captain there 30 years.
A Tim Fox, Oregon State Police assigned to Arizona Border Patrol sector, is involved in an international criminal plot involving, long range, the Phoenix, AZ involved 1964 Phoenix shotgun murder of my father, C. Gordon Robbins, Janet Nielsen of Oregon my cousin key name!
@PhxNTStreet Ex-Phoenix police living retired here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico told they have to mate with criminal women descendants of southwestern Wisconsin farm families who migrated here two, three decades ago!
@StateDeptDSS @StateDept @USMC U.S. Marine Corps serving at American Embassy, Mexico City, in 1998-2002 period should be found and treated as common criminals.
@mileniotv Top Mexican government officials have also been lied to regarding my whereabouts and even my nationality (American) here in Mexico for many  years, lies from Canadians and American Embassy based American diplomats, even Embassy security and Guadalajara police.
@mileniotv Two or more separate criminal entities, American Embassy. Mexico City, and Phoenix, AZ Police using false identification codes, have lied to you about my whereabouts which are and have been Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, since October 19, 2017.
@ScottsdalePD Reiteration, Scottsdale, Arizona Police have strong historical ties to Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico as well as to cover-up of March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.  "Marge" Schodt key name in Scottsdale!
@statedeptspox Craig Harris, Arizona Republic reporter, doesn't realise Phoenix Law Enforcement Association, originally a Phoenix police labor union, forced Jack Harris out of Phoenix Police Chief's position in 2008, a la acting Police chief Joker Joe Yahner
@charrisazrep Phoenix Law Enforcement Association (P.L.E.A)  criminal operation formed out of a 2008 Phoenix police labor union backed by former Phoenix Police Chief Jack Harris and Arizona Republic reporter Craig Harris
@statedeptspox Navajoa, Sonora, Feb, 2012, Same ranking U.S. Marine officer, American Embassy, Mexico City, 9/18/2000, I.D. ed as street bum in Navajoa, cleaned up by Dr. Gomez, Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, May, 2013, in Phoenix now married.
@statedeptspox U.S. Marine ranking officer, American Embassy, Mexico City, 9/18/2000, lied about me, Gordon Robbins, him a street bum in Mexico, 2010-2013, in Phoenix now, married.
@StateDept @USMC U.S. Marines went undercover in Mexico after the Marine Guards were pulled out of American Embassy in Mexico City in 2002.  There were diplomatic notes exchanged between Mexico and the U.S.A. regarding a "partying" death at Puerto Escondido before this happened
@statedeptspox Heather, please be careful of any of my Robbins second generation cousins from Florida serving or retired from State, some of them have really weird friends.
@markberman Be careful, Mark, AXIOS (aka known as Michelle Lee) from Kessler's Fact Finder ex-staff in your home state of Florida: has real Greek family name!
@UWMadisonMedia Washington Post's Glenn Kessler, AXIOS (Michelle Lee) behind entire phony Ethics Committee "joke" seminar that wasn't, two years ago, Madison campus!  International con making no sense!
@AP_Politics As an independent writer and commentator I quite often come across deliberately biased anti-Trump slanted headlines and word phrasing in "objective" news articles, Washington Post a major offender!
As an independent writer and commentator, I quite often come across deliberately biased anti-Trump slanted headlines and phrases in so-called objective news articles, Washington Post a major offender!
NASA TV Coverage Set for Nov. 15 Cygnus Launch to International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/helpRtfAnE
@CNNPolitics Everyone wants to know what happened to ISSIS after Trump took over after Obama!
@statedeptspox President Trump wants world to know what happened to ISSIS after he took office!
@CarlosLozadaWP Glenn Kessler say Fact Finders needs new blood to replace ALEXIOS (Michelle Lee), preference given other WaPo staffers!
@TheJusticeDept The U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona has moved up a notch, now ranked 53rd. of the most troublesome of the 54 U.S. Attorney's office in the Justice Department system, Puerto Rico 54th. Congratulations, Phoenix!
Maggie, As usual, your tweet hit ex- Phoenix, AZ police officer here in Mexico pretending he's me, Twitter notifies me anyway, myself in Puerto Vallarta, old guys here of Arizona deny involvement 1971 murder my son Patrick, refuse say how they learned of it.
@PGR_mx Criminal young men and women, multi-nationals, from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero now active here in Puerto Vallarta, are aligned with fugitives from both Mexico and U.S. living in Zihuatanejo threat to themselves and major threat to Mexico's tourism industry.
NASA Looks to University Researchers for Innovative Space Tech Solutions via NASA https://t.co/se4z9tAJpw
@statedeptspox Criminally intent ex-Arizona law enforcement agents living retired here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata, Puerto Vallarta, Mexico describe their long-term voice broadcast harassment of me here and other regions of Mexico "as jokes between friends".
@PGR_mx Your people here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco are allowing a criminally intentioned group of English speaking young men to control Puerto Vallarta's Colonia Emiliano Zapata east of Ave. Insurgentes near Mercado Emiliano Zapata.
@AP_Politics Canadians and ex-Arizona law officers living in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico involved in Phoenix, AZ murders of my father, 1964, and a son, 1971 have even employed their progeny in national harassment of me by cellphone broadcast here in Mexico.
@AP_Politics I have no doubt both Canadian and ex-Phoenix, AZ police involved in 1964 murder of my father and/or 1971 murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins now live right here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, their progenies criminally harassing me by voice broadcast
@statedeptspox Michael Frost also late 1990's not only influencing Gonzalez and Scottsdale, AZ Police, may have had contact with an older woman, real name "Marge"' Schodt, mother of one of group in on 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@statedeptspox Heather, In mid-late 1990's Scottsdale, AZ Police,  U.S. Federal Marshal in Arizona David Gonzales personally fell under influence of Michael Frost of Tempe, Arizona who, although baptismal godfather to my son Patrick murdered in 1971, had financial motives.
@statedeptspox Heather, No Arizona prosecutorial actions taken re:1964 and 1971 murders of my father and a son respectively constitutes easily proven prejudicial conduct toward myself, Gordon Robbins, by Arizona +Arizona based federal law enforcement agencies
@statedeptspox Heather, Possibility Phoenix, AZ lawyer knowingly has  client passing herself off as my ex-wife, Bette Jane Robbins in federal, state, and (Maricopa) country courts.  Such tried before re: March 12, 1971 death of murdered son Patrick Robbins.
@ReutersBiz State Bar Association of Arizona needs to explain employee Thomas McCauley's actions re: Elena Cortez de Brun financial property trust, Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.
@KamalaHarris I suspect American Embassy,
@KamalaHarris Mesa, AZ Police records of 2007 complaint against American Embassy, Mexico City staff harassment of Mesa woman by international phone calls.  State Dept. Embassy cover-up tale, staffer transfered to Guadalajara where he continued same type crimes using my name
@ReutersBiz In 2008-12 period two or more retiring Phoenix, AZ police officers sent signed letters to Time Magazine accusing me of profiting from 1964 murder of my father and 1971 murder of one of my sons.  All involved should be investigated re: both murders
@ReutersBiz Everyone thinks I exagerate  describing 2006 as year Phoenix, AZ police veterans celebrated 35th Anniversary of March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins here in Puerto Vallarta.  They even had a "Vaudeville Routine"
@AP_Politics Any, any type of allegation against me, Gordon Robbins, re: Phoenix, AZ Police involved 1964 shotgun slaying of my father C. Gordon Robbins is just an attempt to avoid murder charges by person making the allegation.
@Reuters Technical criminal setup here Puerto Vallarta, let's American intelligence, Phoenix, AZ police retirees, others, see things directly through my eyes, attempts interfere with my thoughts, words, what I write they try, but not been able to change.
@Acosta Jim, Don't worrry about it, John Roberts at FOX TV was kicked out of a memorial funeral service in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca in 2005.  He got over it!
@DailyCaller Cellphone theft from me in Oct., 2008, in Oaxaca, reported by cellphone to TelCel-TelMex in Guadalajara put me in touch with elderly veteran Phoenix, AZ police officer involved in March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@peterbakernyt Persons who deserve hard, hard questioning about questionable activities include reporters like Dan Balz + Glenn Kessler of Washington Post and John Roberts of FOX TV Intl.
@EricHolder Eric Holder's laws of man do not explain why he illegally withheld from Congress the 2010 gun running files of U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ.  Possibly other damaging info there!
@AP_Politics U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ does not understand why some calls to them of past months were answered by a male friend of "Cosme Lopez" instead of their lady switchboard receptionist.
@ICEgov Three distinct Arizona criminal entities have benefitted from criminal plot to discredit my identity here in Mexico, 1. U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix.	2.  Scottsdale, AZ Police Department originated 2017 plot.	3.  Phoenix, AZ Police
@statedeptspox Diplomatic Corps at American Embassy, Mexico City, used  technicality in year 2011 to lie about my whereabouts to my cousin Janet Neilsen from Oregon.  See 2011 Embassy visitor's log, 2011 records my incoming local calls and 2011 email subject
@GuardianUS Complete idiots, well educated idiots, including diplomats from American + Canadian communities and even well placed Mexicans who think any murderer of anyone, anywhere, will immediately admit guilt.
@Reuters Washington Post contributors to an early Kitty Kelly book on Nixon's White House years may possess both knowledge and confusion re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, some of same still alive.
@StateDept In Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico 2013-1?  wealthy parents, American, Canadian, and Mexican, wanted their overly educated young mixed blood male sons to find work.  The young ones then made me their harassment target,  tracking me to Puerto Vallarta, ask them why?
@Reuters Two distinct criminal groups use nickname "Gordy" at me, 1. Criminal younger male group from Zihuatanejo began trailing me in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, 2005-06.   2.  Farm family members, descendants from southwestern Wisconsin here in Puerto Vallarta
@Reuters At risk of repeating myself: Criminally intent ex-Phoenix, AZ Police active in Alcoholics Anonymous have used said organization to discredit me re: their involvement in 1964 Phoenix murder of my father and 1971 involvement in cover-up of murder of a son.
@Reuters "Highly respected" Phoenix Law Enforcement Association nothing but conglomeration of aging former Phoenix, Arizona area law officers, others intent on covering their and others crimes, including several murders, deaths of my father and one of my sons
@Reuters FBI agents of Phoenix, Arizona office guilty of criminal acts of harassment of me in 1980's, early 1990's should be asked what my ex-wife, Bette, their next door neighbor, told them about 1971 Phoenix drowning of Patrick Robbins, my first born of three sons with her.
@GuardianUS Phoenix, Arizona Police Dept. request to American Air Force  ti track me here in Mexico in 1995 and later years was illegal.  Not an arguable matter.  Fact Air Force did so at Phoenix, Arizona Police Dept. request easily provable!
@GuardianUS American Air Force and American Embassy staff in Mexico City fully aware of illegal international efforts of Phoenix, Arizona Police to track me here in Mexico.	Murder cover-ups involved.
NASA Announces Media Activities for New Horizons’ New Year’s Kuiper Belt Flyby via NASA https://t.co/k1dAzyxDY2
At least seven retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers live near my current Hotel residence here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, involved in harassment and discrediting of me re: Phoenix murders of 1964 and 1971, men I've never known claiming to be "old Friends".
@statedeptspox A taped voice broadcast publicly heard in English all over Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in mid-November, 2007 hinted strongly my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins murdered there that Thanksgiving week.
@statedeptspox Heather, Re: Phoenix, AZ Police cover-ups, 1964 murder of my father and 1971 murder of one of my sons, ex-Phoenix police still involved in cover-ups place emphasis on money.  Were they or the police cover-up originators bribed?
NASA Updates Media Invitation to Observe Quiet Supersonic Flight Series Operations via NASA https://t.co/z1FOtstQkA
@Garrett_Archer Arizona data meaningless, even if from Phoenix Police, most state offices, or newspapers like Arizona Republic.
@Reuters Continuing cover-ups re: Phoenix murders of my father in 1964 and one of my sons in 1971 is intent of foreign based Arizona law enforcement retirees  headquartered here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.
@statedeptspox Heather, you and staff best take seriously the fact a criminally intent ex-Arizona law enforcement agent campaign against me, Gordon Robbins, is headquartered here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.
Names Steve Berta + Jeff Taylor, Indianapolis Star newspaper w/American Consulate-Guadalajara-Mexico ties criminally involved in furthering old Phoenix, Arizona police murder cover-ups.  Star "sister" newspaper to Arizona Republic newspaper w/employees also involved
@statedeptspox Heather, Believe this, twi or more ex-Phoenix, Arizona police officers using cellphones stolen from me or registered by them in my name now criminally active here in Puerto Vallarta and other regions of Mexico have been active for 10-12 years.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 Phoenix, AZ cover-up of murder of my son Patrick Robbins, an ex-Phoenix, Arizona police officer retired here, Puerto Vallarta, MX illegally logs onto a gmail of mine daily.
European-Built Service Module Arrives in U.S. for First Orion Moon Mission via NASA https://t.co/3bNQpfzd4O
NASA Leads Urban Air Mobility ‘Grand Challenge’ Discussion with Industry via NASA https://t.co/qCXQWmqbqT
@statedeptspox American Marine retiree, slandared me deliberately at American Embassy, Mexico City, Sept. 18, 2000 expelled from Embassy 10 years later, street bum of Mexico, Guerrero to Sonora for 3 years, cleaned up, married woman in Phoenix, AZ 3 years ago
@BostonGlobe No one can explain CREDIBLY why Phoenix, AZ Police would cover-up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, factually only people police helped were the murderers!
@WhiteHouse Messages of mine meant for State and Justice Department via email to White House were trashed by murder cover-up artist w/White House communications office of 10 to 24 months ago.  Outside influence involved!
@statedeptspox Heather, Likely some Phoenix, AZ Police involved in 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun murder and in-house cover-up of murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins now old men living retired here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta.
@ReutersPolitics Strangely enough, ex-Phoenix, AZ police here claiming by anonymous voice message their 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun shooter of my father, C. Gordon Robbins, now living retired here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta.  Maybe true!
@LouDobbs Alcoholics Anonymous groups and members have been longtime international murder cover-up tool for Phoenix, AZ Police of A.A., mostly those with Crossroads East A.A. ties in Phoenix.
@ABC Alcoholics Anonymous groups and members have been an international tool used by ex-Phoenix, Arizona police officers and others in cover-ups of 1964 Phoenix murder of my father and 1971 Phoenix murder of a son of mine.
@Reuters I lived some 50 years with painful belief my father C. Gordon Robbins had committed suicide in May, 1964 while successive generations of Phoenix, AZ Police have included officers "grateful to me" for not pushing for an investigation into my father's death in 1964.
@BostonGlobe Washington Post journalist Fact Finder Glenn Kessler, his ex-boy ALEXIOS, others involved promoting international romances in so deep via U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ all could be charged w/Intl. criminal conspiracy and murder cover-ups.
@LouDobbs Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico criminal group of past two years has produced a ghost English language voice calling itself Michael Reardon, a fear spreading terror attempt heard widely here in Mexico.
@Reuters Most recent Press Spokesman of U.S. Attorney's office, Phoenix, AZ maybe put in positions to both label me Gordon Robbins, "a homosexual" + to further Arizona cover-ups of murders of my father, 1964, and of son of mine, 1971.  East coast involvement.
@DailyCaller Some Maricopa County Sheriff's deputies knew of May 15, 1964 Phoenix police involved shotgun murder of my father, C. Gordon Robbins, later different group from M.C.S.O. on fringes of March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@statedeptspox Heather, Is there a State Department regulation in place permitting American diplomats and others here in Mexico to lie about my activities and whereabouts?  If so, was U.S. Marine Corps involved in writing said regulation.
@CNNPolitics Cross country ties of high level public relations, journalism figures in Washington, D.C. area, Washington Post, etc., tie to criminal discrediting activities aimed at  me, Gordon Robbins, by staff of U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona.
@DailyCaller A string of curse words of mine approximately aimed at murderers and murderers helper in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico recorded secretly and used to discredit me by Zihuatanejo criminals.
@ReutersPolitics Americans like myself have hard time understanding why a murder and murder cover-up movement re: old Arizona murders has come out of U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona in recent years.
@statedeptspox Heather, Occasionally I ponder over why Phoenix  Scottsdale, AZ Police got involved in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.  Allegations of financial benefits to myself and Patrick's mother easily disproven.
@ReutersPolitics Phoenix Police, American Military here in Mexico have deliberately falsified city location of home at 6101 E. Calle del Norte in Phoenix, AZ, this integral to cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@statedeptspox Heather, A "Hate and Anger" recording being heard here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico reflects emotions of ex-Arizona law having their old Arizona murder cover-ups and related crimes exposed m
@statedeptspox Heather, On coast Guerrero state, MX 20 kilometers south of Copala, Guerrero lives a Canadian born minor Arizona fugitive named Thomas Schodt, stepfather to American Marine Corps's Thomas "Tom" Schodt involved in March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son.
@chicagotribune Re: March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins---American military, others aiding ex-American Marine Corps' Thomas "Tom" Schodt should realise him so stupid did not know which Arizona city his childhood home was in
@Reuters Re: March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, Phoenix Police, past + present, at home and here in Mexico, have lied for years re: legal city location homes in 61st Place, Calle del Norte neighborhood of Phoenix, AZ.  Part of murder cover-up
@Reuters March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins came out of home at northeast corner of 61st Place and Calle del Norte in Phoenix, AZ, American Marine Corps's Thomas "Tom" Schodt a house guest there of neighborhoodwoman using name "Kathy Schodt".
Researchers Discuss Science Launching on Next Space Station Resupply Mission via NASA https://t.co/dgyFda8qo3
@ReutersPolitics U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona has as Press Spokesman a plagarist with murder cover-up intent and Washington Post past connections, also pre-2017 ties to Joe Arpaio and Maricopa County Sheriff's Dept
@MeetThePress 1971 conspiracy to label my Episcopalian ex-wife Bette a Jewess came out of  Phoenix, AZ Jewish community which had two or more lawyers involved directly or indirectly in March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@MeetThePress American Justice Department should investigate 1971, and since, international Phoenix, Arizona conspiracy stretching to Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico to label my Episcopaleon ex- wife Bette, mother of my murdered son Patrick Robbins, a Jewess.
@BostonGlobe American Justice Department will have to acknowledge FBI agent, Phoenix, AZ illegal surveillance and harassment of me begun a year or two after March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.  Even stretched into Mexico City.
@MeetThePress Embarrassment to United States of America means Justice Department admitting high level Democrat Janet Napolitano and American Marine Corps' Thomas "Tom" Schodt involved with March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, Napolitano unknowingly?
@chicagotribune Thomas "Tom" Schodt, ex-American Marine Corps, involved with March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, possibly with accomplices protecting him.
@chicagotribune American State Department, Justice Department, Military personnel, all believe LIES about identity of mother of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, LIES from Thomas "Tom" Schodt. Re: March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick.
@DailyCaller Thomas "Tom" Schodt, American Marine Corps man involved conspiracies resulting in March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins also still lies about identity of Patrick's mother.  Him here in Puerto Vallarta, August 17.
@DailyCaller Re: March 12, 1971 murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, Scottsdale, AZ Police phone communications w/Phoenix, AZ Police, phone and others identified with drowning of Patrick needs investigation.  Inc: FBI phone number of 1971.
@statedeptspox Heather, Proof exists American Marine Corps' Thomas Schodt  involved in March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, Schodt's LIES about identity of Patrick's mother Bette proof enough!
@Reuters Woman involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins may have extremely close friends with Scottsdale, AZ Police Dept., start w/name James Keppel.
@Reuters FBI agents, Phoenix long term complicity with former major league baseball star of 1960's who took my drowned son Patrick Robbins to Scottsdale Memorial Hospital morning of March 12, 1971.
@Reuters Phoenix, AZ Police radio room operator, male, kicked off March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ Police cover-up of drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins by telling emergency callers the Phoenix, AZ address 6101 E. Called del Norte not in Phoenix.
@Reuters Paul Bernholz, ret. Scottsdale, AZ police detective, close friend of Jeff Anderson here, Puerto Vallarta 199?-1997, Anderson, at five years age, present w/woman using name "Kathy Schodt" during March 12, 1972 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@ReutersPolitics Paul Bernholz, retired Scottsdale, AZ Police detective, led 2016 international criminal plot to discredit me and my identity, U.S. Attorney's office, Phoenix, AZ, private entities involved.
@guardian Paul Bernholz, his wife Patricia, retirees of Scottsdale, AZ Police, for nearly four decades have been involved in aftermath criminally false allegations against me re: March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@kjzzphoenix Wise guy Tempe, Arizona Police officer put himself on Facebook as KJZZ disc jockey, KJZZ not even located in Tempe.  No innocence whatsoever in Tempe social, political, police crowdm
@ReutersPolitics Paul Bernholz, retired Scottsdale, AZ Police, involved in disparaging activities against me here in Puerto Vallarta in 1997, involved now at home in old Arizona murder coverups of my father, 1964, and a son of mine, 1971.
@bopinion Criminal trio fronted by Scottsdale, AZ Police, U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, and Phoenix Police set out to discredit my identity here in Mexico in 2016, them  faced w/accurate evidentiary info on 1964 and 1971 murders of family members of mine
@PhilipRucker Glenn Kessler, Dan Balz, Alexios, others at Washington Post got involved in old Arizona murder coverups, accomplice is Press Spokesman for U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona.
@tomridenour Right wing Ridenour trying identify w/me, Gordon Robbins, may be part of murder cover-up Arizona law enforcement group here in Mexico, some for 20-30 years.
@statedeptspox Heather, Do you not think it strange American Consulate General staff in Guadalajara, Mexico has history of filing false allegations against me with both Mexican law enforcement and with American State Department?
NASA Hosts Science Chat on Two Upcoming Out-of-this-World Encounters via NASA https://t.co/r5x5F2rNun
Hank Stephenson of Arizona Capitol Times can name  2006 Arizona Director of Mental Health involved in illegal and falsified release of records of private psychiatric patients in Arizona.
@ABC In recent yeard Station manager, others, at ABC TV 15 in Phoenix, Arizona believed every lie told them by Phoenix, Arizona police re: March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins
@Mantzarlis This profilr is of criminal operative Alexios Mantzadis w/ Washington Post newspaper Fact Finder's group, involved in murder coverups. internationally
U.S. Federal Marshals National Internal Affairs Division currently involved in old murder coverups in Arizona dating to May 15, 1964 shotgun slaying of my father C. Gordon Robbins and March 12,.1971 murder of a son of mine.
@Reuters Scottsdale, AZ police avoiding questions on whereabouts of my son Matthew Peter Robbins, instead had an officer Joel Lewis trying for two years to discredit my identity so they could avoid answering said questions.
@azcentral AZCENTRAL does not answer it's phones correctly after 6 p.m. Arizona time, Arizona Republic newspaper has same problem!
@isaacdwindes Isaac is one of the Arizona State University School of Journalism with a good future ahead.
@statedeptspox Heather, poverty struck American, Canadian, Mexican mixed blood line gang spends 2,500 pesos round trip bus tickets Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero to Puerto Vallarta  to run their criminal errands, claim represent Zihuatanejo tourism bureau.
@CNNPolitics An arrogant well heeled, well educated criminal wise-ass gangster group is only way to decribe the group that commutes by bus between Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo.Guerrero to here in Puerto Vallarta.
@StateDept Group of younger criminals of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, in email contact with, falsifying info on me to son Gordon Christopher Robbins.  Some, same group involved in 2013 assaults there on vacationing Los Angeles firemen.
@statedeptspox Heather, a criminal group of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico has been in email communication with my son Gordon Christopher Robbins, younger group,, some tied to 2013 assaults on vacationing Los Angeles firemen there.
@AP_Politics Told AP would no longer be  receiving my evidentiary information emails re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ Police involved shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins + 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.  A Phoenix guarantee?
@statedeptspox Heather, very strong possibility emails addressed to me at my gmail addresses are winding up with retired Phoenix, AZ police criminal group here in Mexico.  Part of old Arizona murder cover-ups by same bunch.
@HuffPostPol Janet Napolitano, former Arizona governor and ex-national Director of Homeland Security used phony name as one of two "babysitters" involved in circumstances surrounding March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@abc15 ABC TV 15 Phoenix has disgraced the American Broadcasting Company by becoming involved in Phoenix, AZ Police cover-ups of both the May 15, 1964 Phoenix murder of my father and March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of a son of mine.
@JudicialWatch Both U.S. Attorneys office, Phoenix, AZ and FBI office agents there tied to either 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins or immediate, now long term cover-up!
@statedeptspox Heather, last personal email I received at either of my two gmail addresses came two years ago from Eric Bodansky of Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. Public Standard Bureau (Internal Affairs!  Does that tell you anything?
@USATODAY Thomas "Tom" Schodt, involved in 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, lied widely about me when in personal contact w/Mexican Federal Police in Mazatlan, Sinaloa, Mexico in early 2000's.
@USATODAY Still at issue is identity by first name of Thomas "Tom" Schodt's homosexual brother AND type of American identification Schodt used when in contact re: me, Gordon Robbins, with Mexican Federal Police in Mazatlan, Sinaloa, Mexico in early 2000's.
@Milenio Romantic matters out of my past being used by Americans, Canadians, and Mexicans to cloud real issues I.e.--1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins + 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
Romantic matters out of my past now being used by Americans, Canadians, and Mexicans to cloud real issues re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins + 1971 Arizona drowning of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@FoxNews Romantic matters from my past being used by Americans, Canadians, and Mexicans to cover-up real issues of 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@FoxNews Connie Koenan, Arizona Republic, Janet Napolitano both used phony names as "babysitters" March 11-12, 1971, in drowning of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins as did neighborhood woman who used name "Kathy Schodt" personal friend of Koenan.  Why phony names?
@ABC Obama should have explained to American people why he arranged delicate face-saving removal of Janet Napolitano from office of Director of Homeland Security!
@mikesunx FBI agent monkeys at Phoenix,AZ office since 1971, "ear no evil, speak no evil, see no evil", some change after "misplacing"my documents March 10, 2009.
@CNNPolitics Janet Napolitano, former Governor of Arizona and national Director of Homeland Security has to explain her whereabouts on March 12, 1971 and why and how she got there!
@FBIWFO A group of English speaking idiots and gangsters heard here in Puerto Vallarta calling at me by nickname "Gordy" have their homes in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@USATODAY American Consulate General in Guadalajara, Mexico for over two decades a training ground for bad, sometimes criminal activities of staff and associated American military there.
@NYDailyNews Military and diplomatic admirers of American Marine Corps man Thomas "Tom" Schodt should ask him where he fit into the premeditated March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.  He has and will lie openly!
@FoxNews Criminally intentioned (toward me, Gordon Robbins, the American Military and Diplomatic admirers of ret. Marine Corps man Thomas "Tom" Schodt should ask Schodt what he was doing in Phoenix, AZ in mid-March of 1971!
@statedeptspox American Diplomatic + American Marine Corps involved in criminal libels, slanders  of me, Gordon Robbins, had a handicap, their "good Marine friend" Matthew Peter Robbins knew nothing of 1971 Arizona murder of his older brother Patrick Robbins.
@FoxNews In this old Arizona murder cover-ups of deaths of relatives of mine, I, Gordon Robbins, and others have heard criminal ongoing criminal false claims from ex-Phoenix police  claiming longterm friendship with me.
@FoxNews FOX Television news had people posing as American FBI agents on phones tied to American Embassy in Mexico City in late 1990's, earlier 2000's.
@MichoacanPGJ Mexicanos con PGJ en Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan conozen identidades de criminals de Policia de Phoenix, Arizona she visitaban alli.
@canadapostcorp As usual, criminally involved Canadian military and diplomats again supporting old Arizona murder cover-ups, more recent crimes of their own here in Mexico m
@Milenio In English, American Embassy and Consulate websites here in Mexico recent years contained false and, in case of American Consulate General in Guadalajara, racially motivated false information.
@MSNBC Obama's appointment of Janet Napolitano as Homeland Security director gave power to Napolitano's already powerful criminal of Arizona women.
@Suntimes Here in Puerto Vallarta recently, Thomas "Tom" Schodt, American Marine Corps retired, same man involved in conspiracies re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ area drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, hangs out some near Mercado Emiliano Zapata
@dcexaminer Recently seen here in Puerto Vallarta,  Thomas "Tom" Schodt, American Marine Corps retired, involved in conspiracies re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ area drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@USATODAY Have you done your homework, if so you now know assistant night city editor Gerald Eaton, not Arizona Republic police reporter Jack West wrote May 16, 1964 article, incorrectly and possibly deliberately, labeling my father's murder "a suicide".
@CNNPolitics CNN Mexico City and FOX Television News people had run of U.S. Embassy in Mexico City for two decades, same illegal situation may still exist.
@CNNPolitics Three or four wealthy American community members of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico came here to Puerto Vallarta after me in October of 2017, to continue murder cover-up plot begun there years earlier.
@CNNPolitics American-Canadian community of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico began their cover up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ area drowning murder in Nov., 2007, followed thru from late 2012 on, Facebook used criminally!
@CNNPolitics Private exclusive boarding "American School" in Guadalajara, Mexico the breeding grounds for all kinds of criminal misrepresentations here in Mexico, from both Canadians and Americans, dating back several decades.
@CNNPolitics Canadian government military, diplomatic, and intelligence service agents here in Mexico have tried criminally to take advantage of every lie and mistake made by American officials.
@CNNPolitics American Embassy, Mexico City staff lied to CNN staff, FOX Television News, other news agencies w/offices there, re: my 1998-99 whereabouts in Mexico.
@CNNPolitics CNN's news staff, Mexico City, in earlier 2000's involved  in Arizona murder cover-up re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, involved CNN Central in Atlanta, GA.
@CNNPolitics Retired Ex-Phoenix police here in Puerto Vallarta, other regions of Mexico, have had murder cover-up cooperation from some existing state and federal law enforcement personnel of Arizona.
@CNNPolitics Ex- Arizona DPS (State Police) officer retired here in Puerto Vallarta for about two years WAS FORCED to retire, lied to Arizona State Real Estate Director, claimed me, Gordon Robbins, a narco trafficking contact.
@CNNPolitics Serious situation, Ex-Phoenix, AZ police retirees here in Puerto Vallarta covering up for one of their own, mentally ill obsessed with human excrement.
@CNNPolitics Jack Harris, Joe Yahner, Daniel Garcia, Ex-Phoenix, AZ police chiefs will tell you mass of contradictory data re: retired Ex-Phoenix, AZ police running around Mexico.  Phoenix Chief Jeri Williams unsure re: May 15,1964 shooting death of my father
@CNNPolitics Group of Ex-Phoenix, AZ police retirees here in Puerto Vallarta includes men claiming long term Alcoholics Anonymous membership, Crossroads East, AA center, Phoenix, AZ.
@CNNPolitics Ex-Phoenix, AZ police active by voice broadcast prior to Oct. 19, 2017 at Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico part of same group now doing same here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico
@CNNPolitics Either American FBI or American Embassy personnel in Mexico City know individual there right now pretending to be me, myself here Puerto Vallarta since Oct. 19, 1971.
@CNNPolitics Some Ex-Phoenix, AZ police who know Janet Napolitano an FBI Phoenix office employee, early 1971 part of group claiming "old friends" of mine, re: 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@CNNPolitics Some of same ex-Phoenix, AZ police retired here, Puerto Vallarta, who have covered up two Phoenix, AZ area murders of two family members of mine are ones claiming "old friends" of mine
@CNNPolitics Retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta heard, caught trying to dictate what I tweet you via Twitter, also still pretending themselves "old friends" of mine.
@CNNPolitics FBI officials have admitted 1970's and since illegal harassment of me, Gordon Robbins, by agents tied to Phoenix, AZ office,  no disciplinary actions taken against them!  Re: ties to 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@CNNPolitics FBI, Phoenix, AZ office, has had agents in private and official illegal harassment activities against me since early 1970's, even into Mexico City, American Embassy, late 90's, 2000's
@CNNPolitics FBI knowledge, ties re: March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins probably Janet Napolitano, FBI Phoenix, AZ office employee first six months of 1971.
@maggieNYT Arizona's Janet Napolitano an FBI employee in Phoenix, AZ at time she involved in circumstances surrounding drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins,  then became part of murder cover-up.
@CBSEveningNews Former President Obama also ditched Janet Napolitano in Berkely, Calif. by dumping her on the Board of Regents of California's University system.
@donlemon Janet Napolitano, former head of Homeland Security, was involved in circumstances surrounding 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, also part of cover-up!
Former President Obama gave validity to Janet Napolitano's criminal Arizona women who had gained partial power in Arizona when Napolitano was Governor of Arizona.  Napolitano also had criminal backing of several major Phoenix law firms.
@CNNPolitics Canadians have been colonizing, seeking control in Arizona since 1960's, personal friends of former Arizona governor Jan Brewer!
NASA Invites Media to Observe Quiet Supersonic Flight Series Operations via NASA https://t.co/OzEPjAB1SW
@statedeptspox Heather, Brennan from CIA's elderly retired group likes long sleeved pink dress shirts as Christmas gifts.  Gina Haspel knows this!
Experience High-Res Science in First 8K Footage from Space via NASA https://t.co/CdDVWNTDIs
@statedeptspox Heather, Be suspicious of any new boyfriends who have come your way in past few months, especially those with American Military or diplomatic ties.  There is a pattern in their tactic of going after, and influencing, prominent women, even here in Mexico
@cronkitenews Walter Cronkite's name on ASU's School of Journalism a lesson on what international broadcast malicious libel is.all about.  Pulliam to Cronkite
@StateDept Assistant American Consul Gordon Strachen of Guadalajara, Mexico insists Pompeo address him as "Mr. Statchen".  Serious matter of Thomas "Tom" Schodt protocol once ruling Guadalajara Americans.
@Reuters Reuter's International News Service office, Mexico City, once known for hosting Alcoholics Anonymous meetings.  FOX News and CNN stayed away!
Murderess of my son Patrick, March 12, 1971 known, walks free in Phoenix, AZ thanks to U.S. Attorney's staff.: https://t.co/1BQx16piys
NASA Television to Air Departure of Japanese Cargo Ship from Space Station via NASA https://t.co/1PVgM5ltJf
@NotisistemaVIAL Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, criminales aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco tienen ayudar desde pensionados de policia de Phoenix, Arizona she viven aqui end Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, el mismo en Zihuatanejo!
NASA’s Dawn Mission to Asteroid Belt Comes to End via NASA https://t.co/9cblCDI2gU
@cityoftucson FBI agent in Tucson, March, 1971 colluded w/Phoenix, AZ Police in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.  Provable and known by Arizona law enforcement.
@FoxBusiness @IvankaTrump FOX Television News John Roberts involved in "partying" at Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico early 2000's, Diplomatic notes exchanged, American Embassy, Mexican government involved.
@NAACP American State Department used criminal racist tactics in Mexico, Black woman, name Tanya Anderson identified on State Department Internet sites as American Consul in Guadalajara, Mexico
NASA Astronaut Anne McClain Available for Interviews Before First Spaceflight via NASA https://t.co/B1UbCTpG6N
@camanpour CNN Mexico City got heavily involved in harrassing me and discrediting me re: March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, 1971 cover-up originated w/Phoenix Police, Scottsdale Police also involved.
@dcexaminer John Roberts, Fox Television News White House correspondent, potential wealth of criminal information on American "partying" activities in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico, earlier 2000's.
@POTUS Washington Post newspaper's Glenn Kessler, Dan Balz, others on editorial staff deeply involved, international cover-up of May 15, 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins.  Another murder followed, seven years later!
@realDonaldTrump Another criminal entity blocking my emails to White House return site includes retired ex-Phoenix Police officers here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, and some alligned with criminals out of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@TucsonStar One or more Tucson Federal Bureau of Investigation agents involved with Phoenix, AZ Police cover-up of 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.  Agent may still be alive, retired!
@realDonaldTrump Evidentiary information, decades old Arizona murder + murder cover-ups, my father C. Gordon Robbins May 15, 1964, a son Patrick Taylor Robbins withheld from emaill destination at White House, appropriate government agencies, criminal involvement by low level W.H. staff.
@statedeptspox Secretary of Defense James Mattis should be asked about American Marine Corps service of Thomas "Tom" Schodt, American Embassy, Mexico City, Mexico before, during 1971, and after!
@IvankaTrump Ivanka Trump's White House staff aware of some details re: my evidentiary information on March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.  May not have reached her!
@AZRegents Walter Cronkite and Eugene Pulliam, both deceased,  have been making hypocritical fools of Arizona Board of Regents members since 1965.  Ask CBS news!
@anneryman Anne Ryman, Arizona Republic newspaper, ex-ASU student newspaper advisor one of most unskilled of all Arizona journalism murder cover-up journalists involved!
@TucsonStar State of Arizona Mental Health Director, employees criminally involved, direction then governor of Arizona Janet Napolitano, ties to child drowning(S) late 60's, early 70's.
@chicagotribune Blond Anglo man involved criminally in 1998-99 efforts to take over Elena Cortez de Brun estate trust here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico deliberately identified as me by Mexican Federal Police here Oct. 27, 2017--Jason Meisner knows more!
@KTAR923 KTAR radio and television, Phoenix, AZ just another Arizona journalistic entity involved in longterm cover-ups of 1964 Phoenix murder of my father and 1971 murder of one.of my sons.
@BostonGlobe Guadalajara Reporter newspaper owner Sean Godfried, Guadalajara, Mexico and Canadian male named Thomas falsifified marriage  between Guadalajara Reporter's San Patricio, Jalisco, Mexico journalistic correspondent and myself--2006-08 period.  She in on it!
@ReutersPolitics Reuter's parent company may have to explain more about 2016 Mexico City hospital death of young French blooded woman nicknamed "Yeli" from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@KamalaHarris Murder cover-up personnel with American Military "reserve" group here in state of Jalisco, Mexico have pledged loyalty to Thomas "Tom" Schodt, one of 1971 Arizona murderers of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@business Brains of Jackasses describes those of American State Department who allowed Black woman w/name Tanya Anderson to be identified as American Consul in Guadalajara, Mexico past few years.
@nytimesworld U.S. State Department officials who allowed photo of Black woman w/name Tanya Anderson to be identified on internet as American Consul in Guadalajara, Mexico have brains of jackasses walking backwards.  Guadalajara Reporter English language weekly in on it!
@KellyO U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ is not only Justice Department agency in Arizona with criminal involvement in murder and cover-ups of my fathers murder in 1964 and 1971 murder of a son of mine, FBI, U.S. Federal Marshals involved!
@JamesOKeefeIII Former Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio may not have known his 2015-16 top officers involved in covering up decades old May 15. 1964 Phoenix, AZ shotgun slaying of my father C. Gordon Robbins.
@ScottsdalePD Scottsdale, Arizona Police have had more direct explicit international contact + presence in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico than has had Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff's Department, both	with murder cover-up involvement.
@Visit_IZ Ixtapa police of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico sheltering wealthy Canadian who claimed knowledge of November, 2007 local murder of my son Matthew Peter Robbins.
@statedeptspox Heather, I, Gordon Robbins, am not just another commenting on world politics.  U.S. Dept. of Justice has criminals in place at U.S. Attorney's  office in Phoenix, AZ for decades!
@statedeptspox Since 1960's Tempe, Arizona has produced more psychopathic criminals amongst it's police, municipal employees, elected officials, religious, and socially prominent citizens than any other city in United States of America.  Flat out true!
@statedeptspox Retired ex-Maricopa County Sheriff's Department deputies seen in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico socialising with a fugitive wanted for four murders in Arizona and California
@WhiteHouse Retired ex- Phoenix, Arizona Police officers still claiming law enforcement status a serious problem here in Mexico.
NASA Invites Media to 16th SpaceX Cargo Launch to Space Station via NASA https://t.co/YYDqtsrdyM
According to American State Department spokesperson Americans living in Guadalajara are giving themselves and United States of America a bad name   Reference toward private American citizens, business people.
@statedeptspox American Embassy, Mexico City security staff member transferred to American Consulate General-Guadalajara in 2007 in on criminal raid of small village of Los Volcanos, Jalisco, late March 2008.  Old accurate news!
@statedeptspox American Consulate General staff of Guadalajara home to staff male using my name, Gordon Robbins, him due to retire soon.  Him dating Consul Tanya Anderson!
@StateDept @statedeptspox Disinformation source is American Consulate General of Guadalajara, Mexico!
NASA Retires Kepler Space Telescope, Passes Planet-Hunting Torch via NASA https://t.co/UVsUJjd9te
@thedailybeast Copies  May 16, 1964 early A.M edition Arizona Republic newspaper mistakenly describing Phoenix shotgun murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins as "suicide, according to police" were supposedly destroyed by former Republic editor Nicole Carroll.
@charrisazrep USAToday to hire well known fiction writer Craig Harris away from Arizona Republic newspaper's reporter staff, ABC-TV 15 of Phoenix also bidding for his fictional services!
@nytimesworld American Embassy, Mexico City, known widely for in-house staff employee assigned  pretend he's me.  Another pretending he's me, Gordon Robbins, at American Consulate General in Guadalajara. Multi-personality disorders or criminal acts?
@ReutersPolitics Janet Napolitano and Connie Koenan two babysitters involved in plot surrounding 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.  Koenan an Arizona Republic newspaper reporter then, Napolitano went on to higher offices.
@ReutersPolitics Reuter's reporters known for tracking fugitive ex-Phoenix police, other ex-Arizona and American federal law officers visibly flaunting their presence in and near Mazatlan, Sinaloa, Mexico.
@nytimesworld New York Times staff has an old history of "run in" with Phoenix, AZ Police Department, for years reluctant allow staff travel into Arizona.
@business Leader of gangster group of retired ex-Phoenix police Alcoholics Anonymous Crossroads AA (Phoenix, AZ) members who travel western Mexico here in Puerto Vallarta, murderers and murder cover-up people.
NASA to Hold Media Call on Status of Kepler Space Telescope Today via NASA https://t.co/KDhtFaNv3W
@dcexaminer Criminally intent Phoenix, AZ police retiree, blond haired fat man, Alcoholics Anonymous devotee about 75, fugitive ties in Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan in.2010-2012 may include adult Anglo son involved in Internet operstions there.
@dcexaminer One of ringleaders of criminally intent Alcoholics Anonymous Phoenix, AZ Police retirement group that's been traveling Mexico since early 2000:s showed himself here today, Oct. 29, 2018 at Bank HSBC, a murderer and murder cover-up law officer.
@WSJ From that point on, Alice Donnelly's Justice Department email address at https://t.co/sO8Zrlmyom was officially inaccessible to me.  Shades of Thomas Schodt and American Marine Corps friends with USDOJ.
@WSJ Alice Donnelly, high up American Justice Department official, had email tie to me, Gordon Robbins, cut off in mid-sentence when I brought up criminal involvement of U.S. Marine Corps in 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.  Shades of Thomas Schodt.
@dcexaminer Actually Paul Bernholz, retired Scottsdale, AZ Police detective a close friend of Guadalajara American Jeff Anderson who, at age of five, experienced the March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ phase of drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@dcexaminer Paul Bernholz, retired Scottsdale, AZ Police detective w/1990's Puerto Vallarta Alcoholics Anonymous history, used pseudonym Joel Lewis  as a modern day Sgt. w/internal Affairs division of Scottsdale P.D., him a real international "Crimebuster".
@CBSEveningNews Pamela Van Buskitk Eaton and her common law husband, Gerald Eaton from Phoenix Newspapers Inc. of 1965 have another maliciously libelous news release headed your way.  Watch out!
@El_Universal_Mx June 7, 2007 revelation of American Central Intelligence Agency voice crowd control methods, ten city's worldwide-- not an authorised CIA press release, are you sure your contact pair of white haired "agents" were American and not Canadian?
@Suntimes If Ed Reid of book "The Green Felt Jungle" still living, please say "Hello" from Gordon Robbins, Playa Zicatela, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico, late April, 2005.
@VallartaDaily Ever been to an Alcoholics Anonymous English language meeting in  upstairs wine bar at Dante's Inferno Art Gallery on Ave. Basillio Badillo hosted by Bill MeGrail?	These fine folk might have!
@WSJ Awfull to contemplate--so many persons criminally involved here in Mexico in international murder cover-ups label me their "close friend", murders covered up include 1964 Phoenix, AZ shooting of my father and 1971 Arizona drowning murder of a son of mine
@WSJ Anglo Farm family members from southwest Wisconsin living/visiting Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico in late 2012 began their ongoing Mexico lies about being my closest relatives and friends since childhood.  Why said lies, for what purpose?
@WSJ Canadians, private citizens, military, diplomats, here in Mexico have a proven history of lies about me, Gordon Robbins, dating back some 20 years or more, nationality and whereabouts re: myself.
@WSJ Criminal Canadian government personnel, including military and diplomatic personnel here in Mexico, have had an illegal international interest in my, Gordon Robbins, life that dates back, provably, to 1954-55.
Scottsdale, Arizona Police and Chief U.S. Federal Marshal David Gonzales by mid-1990's recognised Michael Frost of Tempe, AZ as an expert on March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
Another murder cover-up participant David Gonzales, Chief U.S. Federal Marshal in Phoenix, Arizona got that way because of Michael Frost of Tempe, Arizona's efforts to cover-up 1971 Arizona drowning murder of his own baptismal godson, my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@JudicialWatch Laurie Roberts, Arizona Republic reporter, just another of the Arizona journalist murder cover-up journalists I had to cope with on Facebook in years 2013-15, Matthew Casey another.
@LaurieRoberts Laurie Roberts one of wise ass Arizona Republic reporters of 2014-15 I had Facebook communication with, just  another murder cover-up journalist in Arizona.
@maggieNYT Criminally intent Americans with newspaper + Internet server here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico loaded false info onto Puerto Vallarta's national website as early as February-March of year 2017.
@WSJ Murder cover-ups of 1964 and 1971 in Arizona by Phoenix, AZ, Scottsdale, AZ police, Arizona DPS, others, spilled over into Mexico early on, possibly before second murder in 1971.  Robbins key name!
@WSJ Simple fact some retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police and others here in Mexico chose to involve themselves in cover-ups of May 15, 1964 murder of my father, March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of one of my sons is their problem, not mine!
@washingtonpost Some Washington Post staff have provable "friendship" ties to homosexual plagiarist press spokesman at U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ.  Murder cover-ups involved.
@ExpansionMx Alice Donnelly, high level American Justice Department employee,  involved in old Phoenix, AZ Police murder cover-ups, possible associate 1971 murder suspect Thomas "Tom" Schodt, him w/U.S. Marine Corps at American Embassy,  Mexico City in 1971.
@CNNPolitics ALICE DONNELLY, supposedly high level American Justice Department official either criminally intent towards me, Gordon Robbins, or incapable of dealing w/factual matters.
@statedeptspox @StateDept @SecPompeo @jairbolsonaro Heather, Are you aware former American Assistant Consul Gordon Strachen of Guadalajara, Mexico one of most arrogant and criminally active American diplomats in Mexico?
@kyrstensinema Alan Rodbell, Scottsdale, AZ Police Chief avoids my Intl. long distance calls, he and Dept. covering up whereabouts my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins, other matters dating to 1977-78 + Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.
@ExpansionMx Gordon Strachen(Sp?), assistant American Consul of Guadalajara, Mexico, 1988-20??, one of most criminally arrogant American diplomats in Mexico.
@PhilipRucker Certain "well connected" American + Canadian elderly men here in Puerto Vallarta pretending an alliance w/me, Gordon Robbins, have past, present ties to local retired murder cover-up personnel from Phoenix, AZ police dept.
@JamesOKeefeIII Certain "well connected" elderly American + Mexican men here in Puerto Vallarta pretending an alliance with me, Gordon Robbins, are just another group of murder cover-up artists, some w/past + present Arizona ties.
@CBSEveningNews Entire state of Arizona Press Corps headless, followed dictates of Arizona Republic past editor Nicole Carroll and murder cover-up retirees from Phoenix, AZ Police Dept.--Joe Yahner knows!
@maggieNYT U.S. Military in Mexico City in 2011 spread anonymous voice broadcasts denigrating, discrediting Marc Lacy, New York Times.
@USATODAY Pertinent, relevant info, USAToday newspaper blamed for a recent past 20 percent Air Alaska drop in passenger revenue in flights between Vancoiver and Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.
@dcexaminer Washington Post's Glenn Kessler, Dan Balz, in well over their heads by aiding old Phoenix, Arizona Police murder cover-ups, also holding pertinent factual data on same!
@dcexaminer Washington Post's Glenn Kessler, Dan Balz fronted international promotion of "prostitutes" as marriage eligible women--see Michelle Lee, Fact Finder staff, WaPo
@USATODAY Tracing career of 2003-04 woman journalist correspondent to USAToday from Guadalajara, Mexico will be very revealing!
@USATODAY American and Mecican women journalists in Mexico holding criminal information on American diplomats-military personnel often compromised by same!
@USATODAY USAToday executives, editors participated in covering up name(s?) of American Consulate General-Guadalajara staff involved in residential burglaries there--2002-2004.
@guardian Phoenix Law Enforcement Association (P.L.E.A.) supports both covering up murders of local residents and political campaign of Arizona Attorney General Mark Brnovich.
@guardian Murder cover-ups being conducted by retired ex-Phoenix, Arizona police in Mexico an organised criminal activity, tied to Phoenix police retirees, active P.P.D. officers in Arizona, P.L.E.A. group also!
@guardian Emails addressed to American White House intercepted, read, here in Mexico by retired ex-Arizona law enforcement officers involved in Arizona law enforcement murder cover-ups!
@CNNPolitics White House addressed emails out of Mexico diverted, intercepted by Phoenix, AZ Police, Maricopa County,  Arizona Sheriff's Department officials.
@guardian Arizona DPS STATE POLICE COVERING UP AGE-OLD INFO ON PAST MURDERS, names James Hutchins, Gordon H. Black, Susan Black, Jana Bomersbach, others involved.
Credit Card "Candy", an Anglo American blond walking around Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico using bankcards of deceased L.A.P.D. retirees.
@USATODAY USAToday executives grateful that all those journalists claiming to be on their staff are not on their payroll.
@theyucatantimes American bicycle racing team tournament competitors training near Merida should be privately notified Tom Schodt's mother jailed in Scottsdale, Arizona.
@GuadalajaraGob Arizona lawyers with SERIOUS CRIMINAL PROBLEMS at home in Arizona find comfort in Guadalajara, wives like Tlaquepaque.
@TIME TIME Magazine holds five-seven letters from individual Phoenix, AZ Police officers trying to frame me in 1964 Phoenix murder of my father, 1971 Arizona murder of one son, contents full of misspelled words!
@USATODAY CBS--Walter Cronkite televised personal 1965 libel of myself, Gordon Robbins,by name + several Arizona State University journalism students prompted by false information coming out of Eugene Pulliam's Arizona Republic-Phoenix Gazette  newspaper family.
@nytimesworld American military men in Mexico City preferred use of "out of city recorded criminal voice in widely heard broadcasts, afraid their own voices would be recognised in Mexico City!
@CBSEveningNews Has CBS news ever again committed a personal and group television libel like the one in 1965 by Walter Cronkite against myself, Gordon Robbins, and an unnamed group of male journalism students at Arizona State University in Tempe, AZ?  How and why did it happen?
@USATODAY Said assignment of American Military property on southeast Guerrero state coast of Mexico done in 2006 by American military man Thomas Schodt in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico at private dinner in Canadian Consulate there.
@USATODAY Thomas "Schodt, American military man, a 1971 Arizona murderer of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, somehow convinced Mexican Federal authorities he had right to assign American military costal interest in Guerrero state, Mexico to his fugitive stepfather.
@JudicialWatch American Secretary of Defense Mattis, former ranking officer, United States of America Marine Corps, may, in past 47+ years, have Thomas "Tom" Schodt, American Military involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix-Scottsdale, Arizona murder my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@JudicialWatch Possibility is ranking American Marine Corps officer, Sept. 2000, American Embassy, Mexico City, in 2011-12 a street bum, had Marine. Corps ties to Thomas "Tom" Schodt involved in 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@JudicialWatch By years 2011-2012 same ranking American Marine Corps officer from American Embassy, Mexico City 2000 a street bum in Mexico bouncing between Zihuatanejo, Guerrero and Navajoa, Sonora, Mexico.  A Dr. Gomez in Zihuatanejo cleaned him up, May 2013, WHY?
@JudicialWatch Preexisting animosity toward me, Gordon Robbins, from ranking American Marine Corps officer at American Embassy, Mexico City, in Sept., 2000 needs to be investigated.  Serious criminal manipulations of junior officers there followed.
@dcexaminer Re: 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins: Janet Napolitano's early 1971 ties to Phoenix, AZ office of FBI and FBI agent ties to prominent former league baseball player equal two possible ties to FBI in Phoenix, 1971.
@dcexaminer Federal Bureau of Investigation, Phoenix, AZ office ties to murder and/or cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins may tie to 1971 and not two-three years later!
@dcexaminer Brown + Bain law firm ties to Phoenix, Arizona FBI office do and don't tie to FBI as Napolitano had ties, supposedly, to Bozell and Jacobs law firm 1971-72 as well as Brown + Bain.  This re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins
@USATODAY Brown + Bain law firm of Phoenix, AZ legal "advisors" to Phoenix, AZ FBI office many years had lawyer, others involved w/Janet Napolitano efforts to label me, Gordon Robbins, "a homosexual" in late 1980's, early 90's.
@USATODAY Janet Napolitano recommended as 1971 babysitter for Patrick and Gordon Christpher Robbins by neighbor woman using phony name "Kathy Schodt" lies of my, Gordon Robbins, whereabouts Saturday morning, March 12, 1971, paid off by "Kathy Schodt" about noon March 12, 1971.
@USATODAY Janet Napolitano, w/phony name, was original babysitter for weekend of late Friday, March 11, 1971 thru Sunday March 13, 1971.  Napolitano an "office employee" of American Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in Phoenix, AZ first six months of 1971
@VallartaDaily Persons w/Phoenix, AZ police backgrounds should never be given political orpolice power here in Puerto Vallarta or anywhere else in Mexico.  American Federal law enforcement regulations prohibit this.
@nytimesworld Lawyers representing Janet Napolitano of today are fighting a lost cause funded by a lost cause, remnants of Phoenix, AZ law firm Brown + Vain with decades old FBI-Phoenix, AZ office and agent tiesm
@JudicialWatch Janet Napolitano of Arizona was not working alone out of Brown + Bain law firm in late 1980's, early 90's when she tried to label me, Gordon Robbins, "a homosexual".  Her w/FBI ties in Phoenix then, since early 1971.
@USATODAY Janet Napolitano, Arizona's best known Federal bureaucrat. tried labeling me "homosexual" in 1980's because I didn't remarry after 1977 divorce from Bette J. Robbins.  Ask Napolitano how many phony names she used while working out of Phoenix, AZ  FBI office in 1971?
@USATODAY Like it or not, the Phoenix, AZ Police public and internal cover-up of May 15, 1964 home invasion shotgun slaying of my father C. Gordon "Pat" Robbins was spurred into place by an erroneous early morning May 16, 1964 Arizona Republic news article.
@JudicialWatch Retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police officers living in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero and Lazaro Cardenas, Michoacan to identify Arizona fugitives they socialise with at Alcoholics Anonymous meetings.
@KellyO Amongst "old friends and associates" of ex-Phoenix police retired here in Puerto Vallarta or in Guadalajara may very well be Thomas "Tom" Schodt, American military man directly involved in 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@KellyO Retired Phoenix, AZ ex-police officers here in Puerto Vallarta  pretending fear I will name them SIMPLY attempting to further international criminal conspiracy labeling me, Gordon Robbins, an "old friend and associate": of theirs.
Homosexual lawyer hired from Phoenix, AZ firm Steptoe and Johnson by Janet Napolitano as head of American Homeland Security may be man who, with criminal intent, had my name added to membership in underground internet group of homosexuals tied by some members to
The "flush with big money" ex-wife + daughter of a Florida Doctor who pulled off the largest financial embezzlement of Medicare in American history are here in Puerto Vallarta, playing local romance falsifications over telephone at Cafe and Bookstore Page In THe Sun.
@Suntimes Thomas "Tom" Schodt's ongoing lies re: identity of my now ex-wife, Bette J. Robbins part of intentional murder cover-up activities, U.S. Attorney's office, FBI, + Arizona law enforcement cover-up of 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@Suntimes Thomas "Tom" Schodt, American military man involved in March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, has had international help out of U.S. Attorney's office, Phoenix, AZ Police, Maricopa County Sheriff's office for decades.
@Suntimes Thomas "Tom" Schodt, American military,  directly involved in the covered-up 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins has some sort official help in voice harassment of me, Gordon Robbins, here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.
@Suntimes English language widely heard broadcasts here Puerto Vallarta, Mexico controlled mostly by same Thomas "Tom"' Schodt directly involved in 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, aided by retired ex-Phoenix police officers here
@business The American military man Thomas "Tom" Schodt directly involved as master of  English language broadcasts here in Puerto Vallarta same Thomas Schodt directly involved in March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@business How do Bloomberg journalists feel, knowing their bretheren at Arizona Republic newspaper internationally involved in covering up two older local murders?
@GuadalajaraGob A major criminal name associated with Guadalajara for many, many years, the American Consulate General (with it's successive staffs of personnel devoted to covering up 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins).
@dcexaminer A mostly homosexual group conspiracy stretching from major newsrooms in Washington, DC to U.S. Attorney's office + Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff's Department devoted to covering up 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@JudicialWatch Idiots at Judicial Watch cannot get it thru their thick heads the press spokesman at U.S Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ both a plagiarist and part of Arizona homosexual murder cover-up conspiracies.
@Suntimes My youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins victimised for years by lies of his mother, my ex-wife Bette J. Robbins, Phoenix and Scottsdale and Phoenix AZ Police covering up 1971 Arizona drowning murder of his older brother Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@Milenio American Consulate General staff of Guadalajara, Mexico led by Gordon Strachen + Thomas "Tom" Schodt have lied repeatedly over two decades re: my, Gordon Robbins, whereabouts, activities here in Mexico, inc: my past near year here in Puerto Vallarta.
@PostSports American State Department master website for American Embassy and Consulates here in Mexico used for Black racist criminal and murder cover-up purposes in recent years-key phony name "Tanya Anderson".
@business Criminal efforts of American-Mexican Military men and others to identify me, Gordon Robbins, as "a homosexual" in year 2013 failed because local Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Bloomberg male couple didn't know me.
@Milenio American State Department online internet website for American Embassy and Consulates seen here in Mexico contained falsified information directly related to American Consulate General in Guadalajara, put up with criminal racist motives.
@KellyO FBI agents of Phoenix, AZ office ineligible to testify regarding Arizona law enforcement murder cover-ups, close involvement with my ex-wife Bette J. Robbins of Scottsdale-Phoenix, Arizona area.
@KellyO NBC online editors holding numerous emails from me, Gordon Robbins, re: old murder cover-ups of deaths of my family members in Arizona--may have been told to ignore by FBI, etc.
@TODAYshow Arizona Republic newspaper staffs since 1964 have history of crimes covered up involving 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and numerous other falsifications related to me, Gordon Robbins.
@TODAYshow The Arizona Republic newspaper Facebook page of February, year 2013 edited by, and reflected Black women' s racist conspiracy against me, Gordon Robbins, dating to Arizona legislature of 1980's.
@WhiteHouse @StateDept Best you investigate American State Department internet website racist conspiracy here in Mexico directly involving American Consulate General in Guadalajara and names "Tanya Anderson" and "Riberta Jacobson".
@TODAYshow American State Department internet websites for Embassy, Consulates here in Mexico used in past several years to further Black women's racist plot birthed in Arizona legislature of late ,1980's.  Key names Carolyn Rattner and "Tanya Anderson!
@nikkihaley Racism falsifications on American State Department Embassy-Consulate maintained Internet websites seen here in Mexico reflect a black racism plot birthed in Arizona legislature in late 1980's--Tanya Anderson key name!
@ASU Successive stafgs of American Consulate General in Guadalajara, Mexico have long history of outbound LIES re: my activities and whereabouts here in Mexico, motive for same dates to 1971 cover-up of Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins
American Consulate General of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico successive staffs and connected American military have a long history of outbound falsifications re: myself Gordon Robbins, them for many years past labeling me "criminal" and "a homosexual".
@Maricopahealth These may be fine people of Arizona who conducted "legal" blood, DNA, fetal medical experiments in Guadalajara, Mexico and San Blas, Nayarit, Mexico in late 2005 and 2006.
@Visit_IZ Ixtapa-Zihuatanjeo, Guerrero, Mexico based reporter for MEXICO NEWS DAILY heavily involved in  Facebook, other international falsifications re: my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins since 2007.
@osoriochong Former American military journalists, MEXICO NEWS DAILY, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, MX hidden involvement in Intl. cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@CNNPolitics Former American military journalists, MEXICO NEWS DAILY, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, MX hold low bottom responsibility in Intl. cover-up 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@CNNPolitics Factual, Phoenix, AZ Police radio room dispatch officers of March 12, 1971 involved in cover-up of drowning of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins bragged of activities in vaudeville type performance before Fraternal Order of Police groups, Arizona + California.
@USATODAY Basic fact, Phoenix, AZ radio room dispatch officers morning of March 12, 1971 part of murder cover-up re: drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, three or more here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico in 2006, Alcoholics Anonymous affiliation!
@PhilipRucker Rucker, one of most powerful journalists in America, has in-house Washington Post associates involved in 1971 Arizona cover-up of murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@dcexaminer Personal animosity, Scottsdale Police against me, Gordon Robbins, took serious turn way back in 1983 when I informally reported one of their officers tailing me all the way from downtown Phoenix to S.P.D. detective offices!
@MSNBC Personal attacks on me, Gordon Robbins, by Scottsdale, AZ Police Chief ALAN RODBELL part of 1971 Arizona law enforcement cover-up of 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@GuadalajaraGob American Consulate General of Guadalajara's successive staff involved for decades in providing false information re: myself Gordon Robbins to Mexican law enforcement and government figures in Guadalajara, Mexico
@guardian Discrediting my identity here in Mexico is part of job of PATRICIA BERNHOLZ, longtime civilian employee of Scottsdale, AZ Police Department re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@guardian PATRICIA BERNHOLZ, married name of Scottsdale Police Dept. employee involved internationally (Mexico) in cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins
@ArizonaDOT Arizona law enforcement part of two old murder cover-uos, my father C. Gordon Robbins1964, a son Patrick Taylor Robbins,1971, Scottsdale-Phoenix-Tempe Police all involved in latter.
@guardian Scottsdale, AZ P.D.Chief ALAN RODBELL, longtime S.P.D. employee PATRICIA BERNHOLZ in on Puerto Vallarta, Mexico part of 1971 Arizona cover-up of murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@TODAYshow Scottsdale, AZ Police Chief ALAN RODBELL personally involved in longterm cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@maggieNYT Dean Baquet needs to know Scottsdale, AZ Police Chief ALAN RODBELL personally involved in cover-up of 1971 drowning of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@kjzzphoenix Arizona law enforcement retirees attack my identity here in Mexico as part of Phoenix-Scottsdale, AZ cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins--provable!
@dcexaminer Scottsdale, Arizona Police unable to discredit me re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, chose to attack my identity here in Mexico!
@CocaColaMx Scottsdale, Arizona Police including retirees have known since 1971 of Arizona drowning of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, why lies to his younger brother Matthew Peter Robbins?
@AP_Politics Scottsdale, AZ Police veterans have known since 1971 of drowning of my son Patrick Robbins, why lies about same to his youngest brother Matthew Peter Robbins?
@JudicialWatch Holcomb Arizona Police family, Phoenix and Scottsdale, involved in still ongoing efforts to cover-up 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@GeraldoRivera Scottsdale-Phoenix police family Holcomb involved still in old police cover-up of murder of my son Patrick Taylor-- FBI agents, Phoenix, long involvement.
@dcexaminer Retired Phoenix, Arizona Police Captain John Holcomb, Alcoholics Anonymous, in on cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@JournalismFC78 Holcomb family, Arizona Police family, Phoenix, Scottsdale, still part of cover-up of March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@charrisazrep Craig Harris, Arizona Republic newspaper, aided Phoenix, AZ Police cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins--FBI also involved!
@EricHolder Holcomb Police family, Phoenix, AZ, Scottsdale, AZ involved in cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins. Also Alcoholics Anonymous involvement.
@USAID @StateDept Holcomb police family, Phoenix-Scottsdale, Arizona involved in cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins. Father and son!
@nytimesworld Holcomb Police family, retired Phoenix, AZ Police Captain AA member John Holcomb heavily in cover-up 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins!
@dcexaminer American Consulate General, Guadalajara, Mexico home of staff's criminal activities aimed at me, Gordon Robbins, a long history!
@nytimesworld American Consulate General of Guadalajara, Mexico longtime home of staff's criminal activities toward me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico and thru State Department.
@latimes Cover up work, American State Depart. international racism operations aimed at me, Gordon Robbins, a matter of record on their own website, American Consulate General in Guadalajara, Mexico.  Phony name Tanya Anderson and racism photo used!
@Milenio Policia de Scottsdale, Arizona de Los Estados Unidos de America tienen connexiones a delencuencia en Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero en 2007 y despues!
@nytimesworld Scottsdale, Arizona Police part in cover-up of March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins involves two names, John Pratt and Dale Carter.
@maggieNYT Dean Barquet should know Arizona law enforcement cover-up of 1971 murder of my son Patrick Robbins involved Phoenix and Scottsdale Police had legal jurisdiction over both drowning and death sites!
@pattymo Law enforcement cover-up of March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins real and easy for Phoenix and Scottsdale police with legal jurisdiction over both drowning and death sites.
@kjzzphoenix Cover-up of March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins real and easy for Phoenix and Scottsdale Police with jurisdictional control over drowning and death sites.
@nypost A Jared Rafferty, Mesa, Arizona, an AA member who tried labeling me a criminal with local Mesa police back in 2007, he, a Blake Hardy, others in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, Nov., 2007.
@ScottsdalePD Scottsdale, AZ Police longterm contact with my ex-wife there produce only criminal activity with international ties to Mexico, especially Zihuatanejo, Guerrero!
@DailyCaller Decino woman officer of Phoenix,, AZ Police Dept. dragged into murder cover-up activities--ties to American Embassy staffer and Phoenix Police Chief Jeri Williams.
@DailyCaller International murder cover-up plot out of Phoenix, AZ Police Department includes an Eric Bodansky and woman named DeCino, this in recent years!
@dcexaminer A newspaper exec, Marty Baron, Washington, DC area, got involved in senseless international "Michelle Yee He Lee" Fact Finder Washington Post newspaper plot that ensared Kamela Harris.
@WSJ Inside Arizona law enforcement was/is conspiracy to identify me, Gordon Robbins, as Mexican narco contact, unofficial, only certain officers involved, Phoenix, AZ Police connections.
@AZStateBar Arizona DPS Criminal Investigations agent forced retire nearly three years ago, ignored historical crime email info from me, Gordon Robbins.  Him now here, Puerto Vallarta.
@scottsdalemag Scottsdale, AZ Police distancing themselves from late 1980's high profile "murder" that never happened of two young well known athletic local men.
@TempeArizona Tempe, Arizona municipal water supply tainted with minute mind altering desert alkoloids for several decades, old "watering hole" poison.
@UHpres Lise Olsen, Houston Chronicle marriage proposal from State Department guy legit, make him sign over half his assets in a pre-nup.
@StateDept @SecPompeo @WhiteHouse @POTUS @FSIatState Men here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico recent months claiming fired from American Embassy, Mexico City were headed north, probably Arizona a California boys.
@AP_Politics Kamela Harris's package wrapped by ALEXIOS and Michelle Lee (AKA Michelle Yes He Lee), associates of Glenn Kessler, Washington Post.
@USATODAY Nicole Carroll is Editor in Charge, USATodat advertising shopper insert fir larger newspapers, sometimes real news from Don Neuheisel's heirs.
@nedprice Don Price, Secret Service, wants you to know he met current Phoenix, Arizona Police Chief Jeri Williams at White House party, July, 2016.
NASA Invites Media to View Orion Test Capsule and Recovery Hardware via NASA https://t.co/8Iz8oQR1qP
@V_of_Europe American military who tracked my 1965-66 European trip swear woman of Winged Victory statue in east Berlin passed me secret messages!
@CNNPolitics CNN offices, Mexico City years ago lost track of newsmen investigating 15-year old Mexican girls in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca,  Mexico.  PAP smears involved!
@StateDept @FSIatState American Consulate General, Guadalajara--Assistant Consul's girlfriend caught driving blue Jeep Cherokee registered in name of Consulate, title includes American State Department making monthly payments.
@AP_Politics Associated Press correspondent, Mexico City, involved with Sorenson woman 2008-10 period there exposed to hatreds of her mother, murder of America Willy from AA.
@latimes Los Angeles Times correspondent in Mexico City, 2000-2010 period part of conspiracy to hack into all incoming phone calls, emails of American Embassy, some Embassy staff knew, permitted!
@VallartaDaily Phoenix, AZ Police illegal international alliance with Mexican law enforcement revealed as criminal sham of Phoenix Pollice used to cover-up murders in both countrys,
@dustingardiner Gardiner w/Arizona Republic asked to teach class on murder cover-up diagnosis at Phoenix College--Phoenix Police aide to assist!
@dannowicki USAToday unaware fate of Guadalajara, Mexico correspondent, 2004 who recommended non-publication of American Consul staffer caught in burglaries there--she married to him?
@NPRKelly Re; Journalistic accuracy, obviously you've never worked with an editor at Arizona Republic in Phoenix.
@kyrstensinema Active Scottsdale, Arizona Police officer illegally in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico, early 2013, did not want true identity known, used name "Matthew Peter Robbins".
@ScottsdalePD Two or three Scottsdale, AZ Police and pair of Phoenix FBI agents have behavior problem hangover from 1980's called contributing to delincuency of minors.	Brothers, sons of mine their victims!
@ScottsdalePD Scottsdale, AZ Police refuse to identify,  explain Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico early 2013 presence of active officer using  name "Matthew Peter Robbins".
Press spokesman last two years of Arpaio at Maricopa County Sheriff's Dept. a possible limp wristed plagiarist with U.S. Attorney's office, American Justice Dept. hidden internet ties.
@osoriochong A Municipio  property recording here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico showing a hotel in name of a Gloria Whiting an error or fraudulent entry--Cta. 459, another record, Cta. 982 does not reflect full historical ownership of different hotel
@DailyCaller Zuckerberg unloaded Facebooks files w/info on Congress months ago re: 1971 Arizona murder my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.  Logged on Arizona recipients of original data should be investigated!
NASA to Host Briefing on November Mars InSight Landing via NASA https://t.co/IcwwsLjuAo
NASA Awards Library and Information Services Technical Support Contract via NASA https://t.co/H6sB2d5GQo
@osoriochong Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero's welcoming committee for tourists includes a fugitive wanted for murdering four people in Arizona and California!  True!
@StateDept @FSIatState Problems at American Consulate general in Guadalajara keep multiplying!
NASA Invites Media to Learn About Urban Air Mobility via NASA https://t.co/BBMbAsA14H
@chicagotribune Washington Post's Glenn Kessler, his friend ALEXIOS, outside journalism pioneers in cover-up of 1964 and 1971 Arizona murders of my father and a son--key family name Robbins.
@postpolitics Washington Post has staff in on cover-ups of 1964 Phoenix, AZ murder of my father and 1971 Arizona drowning murder of a son of mine!  Provable!
@ladailynews Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero younger males on buses to Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco may hold info on shooting of San Diego, California man there near year ago!
@NYTimesPR Accuracy in reporting means New York Times has to investigate info they hold on 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@Milenio Two or more Americans + Canadians involved in 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins being sheltered, protected in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico!
@partlowj Stop eating migrant caravaner's food, your credit cards good in Mexico!
@KamalaHarris Ongoing task, U.S. Attorney's office Phoenix, Arizona--try label me homosexual to cover-up employee involvement in 1971 in murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@Comey James Comedy caught on Television receiving his symbolic  homosexual recognition kiss on cheek from heterosexual President Trump months ago!
@VallartaDaily Puerto Vallarta residents should recognise and fear the Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero criminal force that arrives here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, regularly by Elite Bus.
@mileniotv Criminal force of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero's younger males commute regularly by Elite Bus directly to here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco,  to talk their criminal filth here.
@mileniotv Ixtapa-Zihuatanjo, Guerrero, criminal residents mostly relatives of American or Canadian fugitives and/or former Arizona and California law enforcement agents with disciplinary police problems whi fled their home states .
@Milenio Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico has limited number actual Mexican residents, most residents, business owners actually Canadians and/or Americans who married local Mexican women generations back!
@JohnBrennan Brennan knows/knew of rogue agents who released secret CIA material publicly in 2007 in Mexico City!
@guardian Emails from me, Gordon Robbins, re: Phoenix, AZ Police cover-ups of 1964 murder of my father and 1971 murder of a son of mine are accurate, not speculative.
@Newsweek Authorities in Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico involved with Phoenix, AZ Police in cover-up, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@mileniotv Mexican + American law enforcement deliberately vague about whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins since November, 1971, Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo.
@THR @megynkelly Mexican + American Federal law enforcement deliberately vague about whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins since November, 2007, Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico
@BostonGlobe A murder operation may have been run in 1968-1970's from inside the U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona!	Do not ignore or discount this!
@BloombergLaw Blomberg seen soaking up the law at old Corner Bistro Bar in Manhatten, claims he there for sandwich only!
@AP_Politics APbwire service people once promised they'd never again hear from me re: decades old murders of family members of mine in Arizona.
@marcoattorney Neither this office or its legal advisory group follow laws set forth in Arizona Revised Statutes where my name, Gordon Robbins, concerned!
@MaricopaGOP Do not sent this Bar Association group anything by email, secretaries file away without reading--a lawyer's group!  International emails ignored!
@AZStateBar Arizona lawyers practicing law in Federal Court in Phoenix should avoid giving written copies of legal briefs to U.S. Attorney's office press spokesman!
@statepressmag Ann Ryman, adviser to ASU's State Press in past years and Arizona Republic reporter for many years, informed by my recorded voice of Walter Cronkite's death.
@ACLUaz American CLU should investigate  connected nepotism of Phoenix, AZ Police, hierarchal and mid-level State of Arizona officeholders and bureaucrats, and journalists!
@MittRomney Mitt Romney willing to explain why, here in Mexico, he was once known as Puerto Vallarta's representative in the American Senate.  Not any more!
@usairforce How many times over past decades have Phoenix, AZ police used American Air Force to track non-criminals in Mexico?  Names and years please!
@cronkitenews Public Broadcasting Stations (PBS-KJZZ) in Phoenix, AZ area have used federal grant funds to aid cover-ups of murders, giving Phoenix Police unquestioned credibility.
@washexaminer State Bar Association of Arizona employee Thomas McCauley's reluctance to discuss my, Gordon Robbins, interest in Puerto Vallarta estate of Elena Cortez de Brun is suspicious!
@BostonGlobe Mitt Romney, former Republican presidential candidate, may know more about 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins than Phoenix police retirees of Puerto Vallarta.
@usatodayDC In 2003-04 USAToday and Guadalajara, Mexico correspondent covered up American Consulate General staff involvement in numerous home burglaries there.
@usdojinc An underground code ridden internet homosexual group  with international ties connects to United States of America Department of Justice employees in Washington, DC.
@USATODAY Former Editor Nicole Carroll at Arizona Republic, protege Ann Ryman w/ASU-Tempe ties, involved in both murder cover-ups and in romantic overtures toward me, Gordon Robbins.
@JamesOKeefeIII Ties exist between May 15, 1964 Phoenix murder of my father C. Gordon Robbins and Arizona Republic newspaper employee Gerald "Jerry" Eaton, Eugene Pulliam protege!
@cronkitenews Students libeled by Walter Cronkite and CBS News by international television broadcast in 1965 were further damaged by ASU's lawsuit settlement.
@osoriochong Mitt Romney, former  Republican presidential candidate in U.S. is part of longterm failed attempt take over properties here in Puerto Vallarta!
@washexaminer Mitt Romney, former Republican presidential candidate, knows all about retired U.S. Navy homosexuals here in Puerto Vallarta!
@RandPaul Homosexuals retired from U.S. Navy here in Puerto Vallarta infiltrate legit local groups such as International Friends of Puerto Vallarta, ask Mitt Romney!
@USNavy Your rtired U.S. Navy homosexual filth dieing off here in Puerto Vallarta where they since late 1960's tried exploit the local population!
@SpyTalker Criminals of retired Arizona law enforcement here in Puerto Vallarta rigged my cellphone so my voice cannot be heard by people I call in United States of America!
@TucsonStar Star a newspaper accomplice to ongoing Arizona law enforcement efforts cover up 1964 murder of my father and 1971 murder of a son of mine--key family name Robbins!
@ladailynews Donald Heberlein, retiree, L.A. Times, key to mass 1940's-1950's, 1960's ripoff of Jacob Roland Heberlein property in Los Angeles County.
@JamesOKeefeIII FBI, Phoenix, Arizona office, involved, cover-up of 1971 murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, agents involved into 2000'sJana Munro and Frank Jessup, others.
@IvankaTrump Washington Post newspaper grabbing spotlight claiming guest collumnist Khashoggi one of their regular journalists--normal hype!
@WSJ Martin Baron part of an international "promote prostitution" joke by Washington Post newspaper with real prostitutes involved--see Michelle Lee!
@mileniotv Mexican Federal Police surveiling  Anglo Arizona lawyer,  2008, Hotel Holiday Inn, Guadalajara had major criminal on hook, info covered up by State Bar Association of Arizona.
Woman who set up 1971 Phoenix murder of mg son Patrick Taylor Robbins was employed for some twenty years at U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, seen there in 1986 by Patrick's mother.
@cronkitenews Fourteen libeled ASU journalism students of 1965 given offer of jobs w/major publications of their choice, part of sealed settlement of CBS Cronkite lawsuit.  How many held those jobs?
@SecPompeo @StateDept Caravaners described by Joshua Partlow, Washington Post interesting, wide use of Facebook and WhatsApp internet communications programs involved by organizers, WhatsApp cellphone program given free to users of TelCell in recent months, a Carlos Slim promo
@WSJ In 1967 14 male Arizona State University journalism students given major newspaper jobs, part of libel suit against CBS + Walter Cronkite.  Tracing their careers might be interesting!
@ASUPresOffice How many ASU journalism students given major journalism jobs in partial settlement 1965 Federal court libel suit against CBS and Walter Cronkite held onto said jobs?
@BostonGlobe Washington Post violating wire service agreement, refusing share unpublished info on Phoenix, AZ Police + May 15, 1964 Phoenix murder of my father C. Gordon "Pat" Robbins.
@FBIWFO 2006 was year of Arizona-California law enforcement murder cover up personnel gathering here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.  Three or more officers present had historic ties to March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins!
@osoriochong Zihuatanejo office, Elite Bus Company, says Zihuatanejo criminals stole newly printed bus tickets, headed for Puerto Vallarta, tourism deal WAS in works!
@IAStartingLine Eastern Iowa farmers who sold out and migrated to Mexico two, three decades ago trying to keep children here from associating with children of southwest Wisconsin who did same.
@ladailynews L.A. Times correspondents, Mexico City, told best American Embassy, community news sources attend AA meetings.  Didn't last long but sent home some whppers!
Coming to America: Orion’s European Service Module Arrives for First Mission via NASA https://t.co/moXtaDoxug
@WashTimes Opoid production in Arizona at all time low because of unpublicised serious water shortage!
@ExpansionMx Hotel occupancy, Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo swelling rapidly with Canadian tourists planning to joint Hondurans when they reach central Mexico!
@SpyTalker Uncertain how many Jeff Stein's now on Facebook!  The others trying cover-up for decades old Phoenix, AZ Police retirees trying cover up decades old Arizona murders!
@PhoenixArizona So Sad, Greg Stanton mourning Sandra Day O'Connor, William Rehnquist wrote most of her U.S. Supreme Court opinions, with a giggle!
@BNBuzz Beware, press spokesmen at U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona a plagiarist published under psuedonym Cosme Lopez.
@CBSEveningNews CBS part of payoff for 1965 international libel by Walter Cronkite was jobs for all male ASU journalism students at major publications nationwide, jobs from which they were, in less than a year, all fired!
@CBSEveningNews Student Advisor to student newspaper State Press Online says CBS annual Walter Cronkite payoff for silence check is overdue!
U.S. Federal Marshals protecting murder suspects of U.S. Attorney's office staff now answering phone at U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona.	Connecting calls to "Cosme Lopez", press spokesman there!
@JudicialWatch A plagiarist using pseudonym Cosme Lopez is actually press spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona.  Claims Judicial Watch protecting him involved!
@canadapostcorp Canada runs it's criminal attempt to take over Mexico out of a "public" hotel posada for Canadians on Ave. Isabel La Catolica east of Calle de Mesones in Col. Centro of Mexico City, Trudeau a visitor in 2011-12 period!
@statedeptspox @StateDept @SecPompeo @VivianBala @VP @RedWhiteBlueDot @USAsiaPacific Thomas Schodt, American military, American Embassy, Mexico City, part of Phoenix, AZ March 12, 1971 conspiracy resulting in drowning death of my son Patrick Taylor Robbins, a drowning long covered up by Phoenix, AZ Police Department.
@statedeptspox @StateDept Your records from American Embassy, Mexico City, will reveal an internal controversy after American military officer Thomas Schodt's March, 1971 trip to Phoenix, AZ, some staff wondering if Schodt had murdered a child in Phoenix.  He was part of such a murder!
Greg S., Are you aware Sandra Day O'Connor, a special assistant Arizona Attorney General in 1975, had my home phone in Town of Paradise Valley, Az illegally tapped.
@WashTimes Phoenix, AZ Police hierarchy committed criminally intentioned act in April, 1998 when they flew two officers internationally to Puerto Vallarta, Mexico to investigate me, Gordon Robbins.
@JudicialWatch A  criminal act was committed by Phoenix, Arizona Police headquarters hierarchy in 1998 when they labeled me, Gordon Robbins, "a person of interest" in formal communications with American Embassy in Mexico City!
@usairforce Phoenix, AZ Police hierarchy committed an illegal act in 1995 when they manipulated the American Air Force to track me, Gordon Robbins, here in Mexico.
NASA Invites Media to Visit Nanocomp Technologies, Discuss Space Technology Partnership via NASA https://t.co/sYSsxshD6S
@theyucatantimes International United States of Americy competitors in international bicycle racing competition should be questioned about past criminal American contacts in Guadalajara, Mexico!
@PeoriaPoliceAZ Peoria, Arizona Police must really like historic association	law enforcement with criminal murder cover-up   agents of the American Federal Bureau of Investigation in Phoenix, Arizona.
@kjzzphoenix Tempe, Arizona Police have/had an officer with profile, photo on Facebook representing KJZZ, a McElfresh family children's favorite radio station.
@USAO_AZ U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona has/had staff directly involved in March 12, 1971 premeditated drowning murder of my son Patrick T. Robbins--provable!
@canadapostcorp Any number of criminal Canadians associated with Trudeau populate the "Colonia Centro" region of Mexico City where they infiltrate Mexican law enforcement and government!
@El_Universal_Mx Homosexual retired American Navy officers trying to control Puerto Vallarta!  While your El Universal people have eleven-twelve year history of criminal cooperation with CNN staff, Mexico City?
@USTreasury @StateDept United States Navy Society of retired Navy officers here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico nothing but group of Anglo homosexuals.  Planted here since 1960's, Now 30 some or your homosexual retired American Navy queers still here! involved
@nytimesworld United States Naval Society here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico nothing but homosexual Anglo whores planted here by U.S. Navy decades ago!
@nytimesworld Times' Marc Lacey slandared by U.S. Military voice broadcast, 2011 Mexico City, Scottsdale, AZ man believed dead involved from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero!
@nytimesworld Does Times do tweets?
@nytimesworld Your Marc Lacey slandared and libeled by American military group in Mexico City, 2011, former Scottsdale, AZ resident believed dead involved from Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@WashTimes Canadian homosexual military and American Navy retirees involved in international murder cover-ups from here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.  Some Mullins' boys!
@hrw Aged American and Canadian homosexuals deeply involved in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico phase of cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder my son Patrick Robbins!
@FoxNews Homosexual America Navy retirees, Puerto Vallarta, Mexico w/age old Alcoholics Anonymous Phoenix, AZ ties deeply involved 1971 Phoenix, AZ police cover-up of drowning murder my son Patrick Robbins.
@sbsun United States of America Navy retirees here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico some of most treacherous homosexuals on face of the earth!
@JudicialWatch Criminal intent American Navy veterans here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, most homosexuals, some w/old Alcoholics Anonymous Phoenix Police ties could be facing accessory to murder after the fact charges in Arizona!
@mtygob Canadian Consul, 2006, Monterrey manipulated local, regional Mexican Police with lies, him aiding relativr and minor Arizona fugitive, Canadian-born Thomas Schodt!
@PhxNTStreet Phoenix New Times newspaper has decided contradictory staff motives for their cover-up of 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins, financial jealousy one of those motives
@ABCPolitics Phoenix, AZ Police Department has lied nationally in their cover-up of 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins by tactic of using his full name Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@GobiernoJalisco Phoenix, Arizona Police retirees here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, have covered up 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins by referring to him by his full name Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@dallasnewsnow Phoenix, Arizona Police have lied locally, nationally, anf internationally, covering up 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins by referring to his full name Patrick Taylor Robbins.
@HoustonChron A reporter with Houston Chronicle who knows her own name possibly lied to by Phoenix, AZ Police or Arizona Republic newspaper editors re: 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@Suntimes My being considered an Alcoholics Anonymous guru in Mexico City in Feb., 2007 gave license to those few  outside and inside AA intent on covering up 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@HoustonChron Any mention of my name, Gordon Robbins, by Houston, Texas Police should be viewed as very suspicious, especially if Phoenix, AZ Police involved!
@canadapostcorp Must be hard for Canadian government to realise one of their 1960's famed athletes was involved in plot surrounding March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning of my son Patrick Robbins.
@SecretService A white haired stocky Canadian in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero about 80- 81 years old, boyfriend to Senora Gomez at Hotel Ulysees, most likely the associate of Thomas Schodt in plot surrounding 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@El_Universal_Mx El Universal of Mexico got sucked in by a couple of "loyal renegade" American CIA agents in 2007 and then permitted CNN newsmen to "pilfer" newspaper files on a 2006/murder that never happened!
@AZRegents Awaiting financial report on CBS news, Walter Cronkite court-sealed settlement of ASU journalism Department libel suit against Cronkite and CBS and why libeled ASU journalism students of 1965 approved settlement.
@anneryman A criminal accomplice to Nicole Carroll, former Editor of Arizona Republic in Phoenix, this woman has strong ASU journalism ties.
@ABC Does ABC news really want to talk about old Arizona murder cover-ups their people in Phoenix, Arizona helped Phoenix Police with, especially under ex-Chief Joseph Yahner?
@USAmbUK @StateDept State Department investigators may have involved themselves criminally in matters regarding me in Mexico in past 20 years or more!
@USAmbUK @StateDept Ambassador Johnson, Are you aware of criminal activities, mostly in lies and cover-ups, practiced by American Embassy, Mexico City re: me, Gordon Robbins and years 1998+1999?
@JudicialWatch Judicial Watch would do well to investigate criminal activities of U.S. Federal Attorney's office involving name Cosme Lopez,  international connections included!
@ExpansionMx in December, 1976, my then still wife Bette J. Robbins called then Managing Editor Robert Early in a Gordon Harlan Black directed effort to frame me in the murder of Arizona Republic reporter Don Bolles.
@FoxNews Mexican Federal Police have complained openly of arresting Arizona fugitives seeing them extradited, same men back in Mexico in two, three weeks.
@USNavy Admiral Michael "Moon" Mullins was never fit to head the United States of America Military Chiefs of Staff.  Find out why, if you dare!
The few, the proud, the ugly, criminally involved, some from American Embassy in mid-Sept., 2000 and some since one or more from same Embassy involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@SecretService Would American Secret Service care to comment on swimming pool death of agent's wife in 1965(?) she a birthday party guest at Barry Goldwater Jr. home in southern California?
@FBIWFO FYI:  In February, March, 1976 my then wife Bette fell under what turned out to be ongoing criminal influence of Gordon Harlan Black in Town of Paradise Valley, Arizona.
@mike_pence Efforts to involve Indianapolis Star reporters Steve Burta and a Jeff Taylor in international murder cover-ups may mean they, others w/Indy Star, are involved!
@charrisazrep Craig Harris's changed appearance doesn't exempt him from murder accessory after fact charges.  No joke involved!
@statedeptspox @StateDept @SecPompeo American diplomatic and military employees, present and past, of American Consulate General-Guadalajara have a long criminally intent practice of labeling me "a homosexual".  Murder cover-up tactic on their part.
@USAO_AZ U.S. Attorney's office also hiding evidence of financial fraud re: certain Arizona Adult Protection service employees and affiliated residential centers.
@ASUPolice On-Campus Nursing School employee,1987, student AA meeting sponsor, witnessed complicity participants in March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
Successive criminal intent diplomat and military staffs at American Consulate General-Guadalajars have tried  label me, Gordon Robbins, a homosexual.  What crimes of theirs against women they covering up?
@WashTimes Numerous persons, Washington Post ties, holding written facts from me, Gordon Robbins, re: 1964 Phoenix, AZ polioe and murder of my father.
@FBIWFO FBI agents of Washington Field office made disastrous 2007-08 decision protect liars from Mexico City's American diplomatic-journalist community in matters re: me, Gordon Robbins.
@washingtonpost Bad seeds from Washington Post and a bad seed of conservative republican publisher Eugene Pulliam of earlier Arizona American power responsible for today's murders cover-ups and political situation.
A homosexual voice broadcasting in english to here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico the thoughts and memories of my ex-wife Bette J. Robbins may be Scottsdale Police or American FBI connected!
Phoenix, AZ Police alliance with local Alcoholics Anonymous groups used same AA tool internationally in murder cover-ups, my father 1964, a son 1971.
@EricHolder Holder, former American Attorney General may have, in 2010-11 withheld files fom Congress proving U.S. Federal Attorney's in Phoenix, Arizona ties to March 12, 1971 drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@PHXFire Your veteran fireman and homosexual, ex-2003 Ronald Walker, involved various phases internationally in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@PGR_Nay PGR de Nayarit y Jalisco protectaban gente desde Arizona y Mexico y la historia de expermentaciones medico en anos 2005 y 2006 en Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexici.
@PGR_mx Idiotos de Policia Federal de Mexico en Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero en Marzo del ano 2013 ayudaban delencuentes alli con preguntas de voz a mio, Gordon Robbins!
@VallartaDaily Luis Villasenor, Puerto Vallarta Tourism, has known for months of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero criminal group here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico!
@zihua_ixtapa An American Arizona woman indirectly involved in March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona drowning murder my son Patrick Robbins leads criminal group of Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.
@Visit_IZ Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico has more criminals in on cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins than has had Arizona law enforcement!
@spj_tweets Name Royer, Scottsdale, AZ police retiree family name, shows up on Twitter records of this international group!
@AZStateBar State Bar Association of Arizona has executives, practicing attorneys, illegally contesting my "beneficio heir" sole interest in Elena Cortez de Brun Estate here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
Washington Field office of FBI holding international communication evidence, criminal activities Mexico City American community toward me, 2007 and later.
Sons of nurse, Scottsdale, AZ Memorial Hospital, March 12, 1971  Phoenix men who in late 1980's threatened wife of San Francisco architect by long distance calls.
Name of Tucson FBI agent in on Phoenix, AZ Police cover-up March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins known in U.S. Federal Attorney circles.
@NAACP Racist Carolyn Rattner, ex-Arizona legislature, 1980's, unproclaimed spokesperson NAACP nationally in decades since!
@ASUPresOffice How many dollars did CBS news promise ASU and Journalism Dept. over international television news libel of 1965?
@Mark4AZ We all remember how quickly Bob Corbin reprosecuted Max Dunlap, James Robinson in 1980's ref: Don Bolles murder 1976!
@ScottsdalePD Scottsdale Police are withholding name of their officer who early in year 2013 used name Matthew Peter Robbins in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico!
@CSInetwork Scottsdale, Phoenix, AZ Police in position to be internationally blackmailed by Sherri Gaertner's daughters originally from Zenith Lane, Phoenix, Arizona.
@Suntimes Chicago Sun Times, Daily News reporters in Mexico City should never have attended Alcoholics Anonymous meeting there in earlier 2000's (2006-07).
@latimes U.S. Federal Attorney's office, Phoenix, Arizona admits/denies sponsoring their own homosexual, Cosme Lopez!
@PVallartaNews1 Why are elderly homosexual Americans, Canadians allowed to openly stalk straight single Anglo males here?
@sean_spicier Does that busboy wisecrack about "Friday's" mean Spicier cannot find work?
@statedeptspox @StateDept Is Gordon Strachen, former Assistant American Consul of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico still a State Department unannounced fugitive?
@ILoveGayPV Elderly American, Canadian homosexuals here are ruining, damaging Puerto Vallarta's reputation!
@JesusHernandez Ask Crossroads East to stop sending anglo homosexuals to Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.  Big trouble for them here!
@ArizonaEClub One or more American homosexuals now fleeing Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico have Crossroads East Alcoholics Anonymous ties.
U.S. Federal Marshals making inquiries on summer, 2009 Guerrero state, Mexico whereabouts of American Consulate General-Guadalajara staff.
@StateDept Successive American Consulate General staffs of Guadalajara historical liars about my, Gordon Robbins, whereabouts, activities for decades!
@VallartaDaily Puerto Vallarta's homosexual American + Canadian community during out or fleeing south to San Patrico-Melaque, Jalisco, Mexico
U.S. Consulate staff, Guadalajara, Mexico have seldom since 1966 ever told the truth about my whereabouts!
@USAO_AZ U.S. Attorneys office, Phoenix, AZ using recorded over tapes of recorded over rerecordings of curse words as courtroom evidence, source of recordings Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, MX
@USAO_AZ Federal Investigators now tracing real identity of Cosme Lopez of U.S. Federal Attorneys office in Phoenix, Arizona.
@USATODAY Wiretaps on my, Gordon Robbins, cellphone set up internationally by retired ex-Phoenix, AZ police here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@penguinrandom Any book submissions or proposals from "writers" at U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ contain plagiarised material.
@KTAR923 Cosme Lopez has own "men" sometimes answering phone at U.S. Federal Attorneys office in Phoenix, Arizona.
@IvankaTrump Have some fun!  Call Cosme Lopez at U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix.
@Cronkite_ASU Would name change back to ASU School of Journalism affects ongoing CBS funding?
@KTAR923 Watch what the cop doesn't pay for during "Shop With A Cop" days in Phoenix if P.L.E.A. involved!
Members of Phoenix Law Enforcement Association have own homeless shelter near State of Arizona Capitol complex in Phoenix.
@StateDept @SecPompeo Employees at American Consulate General in Guadalajara make most money working for international call phone rooms, subsidiaries of TelCel-TelMex.
@thamburger Glenn Kessler's geek boy ALEXIOS caught using name Cosme Lopez in Phoenix, AZ Police sting?
@Cronkite_ASU Named for Walter Cronkite, newsman who in 1965 libeled me by name on international prime time CBS news, then libeled entire group of my fellow ASU journalism students.
Endorsement by Phoenix Law Enforcement Association means bunch of strays from Arizona law enforcement like Brnovich.
@statedeptspox @StateDept U.S. Embaasy staff, Mexico City identified me as two different people between 1995 and 2006.  In 2007 they started identifying me as "a Canadian".  Stopped Embassy blonde from breaking in side door of Sheraton Maria Isabel early May, 2007, broad daylight try!
@VallartaDaily Burro Bar in Nuevo Vallarta caters to rejects from Phoenix, Arizona Police Department,  women rejects welcome!
@TeamDucey Arizona Republic girls want to know if Joe Ducey single?
@USATODAY Arizona Republic newsroom people in Phoenix, AZ say Nicole Carroll now Editor in Chief at USAToday!
Beware, Greek character ALEXIOS on Twitter another member of Michelle Yee He Lee's (aka Michelle Lee) Fact Finder group.
@EricHolder Holder still spending time w/Carolyn Rattner, she of late 1980's Arizona legislature who hasn't won an election since!
@Mantzarlis Cosme Lopez just turned over full file on Alexiias to Solicitor General of U.S. Justice Department!
@ScottsdalePD Sgt. Joel Lewis, your internal affairs officer, last seen in downtown Phoenix checking into hotel with Cosms Lopez of U.S. Federal Attorney's office!
@HouseGOP Three ranking Republican women from Phoenix, Arizona married Arizona lawyers, two of three husbands now disbarred lawyers!
@osoriochong Are you Sr. Osorio Ching or a renegade ex-Mexican Federal police agent in Zihuatanejo pretending to be you?
@brettdrc Canadians who get my Tweets have a relation to what !
@statedeptspox @StateDept Retired Phoenix,, AZ police and American ex-convicts in Mexico a grave danger to U.S.
@PGR_mx Abagados oficial grupo de estado de Arizona masqueron	 historia de delincuencia de un abagado viejo y su esposa ahorra aqui en Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.  Historia Hotel Holiday Inn, Guadalajara, 2007-08.
@PGR_mx Otra abagado Anglo con historia de delincuencia en Arizona en Mazatlan, Sinaloa, MX anos 2000 a 2006 con su esposa Anglo blondie.
@PGR_mx Policia Federal de Mexico de Guadalajara en Amos 2007-08 conozen nombre de delencuente abagado desde Arizona, un huesped de Hotel Holiday Inn de Guadalajara.
@SenateGOP A once ranking Republican woman of Arizona in recent years involved American Embassy, Mexico City Republican politicos in cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@latimes A once ranking Arizona Republican woman from Phoenix, AZ area actually has invoked name Meghan McCain in her murder cover-up efforts here in Puerto Vallarta, her "husband" here a disbarred Arizona lawyer.
@CNBC FOX TELEVISION NEWS, https://t.co/uuIlY6txNq EMPLOYEES, MEXICO CITY DEALT THEMSELVES IN CRIMINALLY IN MATTERS RE: ME, GORDON ROBBINS, IN EARLIER 2000'S, POSSIBLE AMERICAN EMBASSY STAFF ENCOURAGEMENT!
@CNBC Jeff Bezos name shows up in international voice broadcasts designed to discredit me re: 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@abc15 ABCTV 15 staff of Phoenix, AZ has proven past history of efforts to discredit me re: March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins
@ExpansionMx Formal Phoenix, AZ Police manipulative efforts to identify me, Gordon Robbins, with Phoenix P.D. began in 2002-03 under administration of then Phoenix Police Chief Jack Harris.
@ExpansionMx What Phoenix, AZ police retirees involved in cross-border cover-up of 1971 Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins have done marks them as international criminals.
@informador Reporter Georgina Avila, past w/ El Informador newspaper in Guadalajara holding data on extended crimes against me of American Military- Diplomats of American Consulate General, Guadalajara, Jalisco.
@foxnewspolitics FOX NEWS, MEXICO CITY OFFICES, HAS HAD EMPLOYEES DEEPLY INVOLVED CRIMINALLY IN OLD ARIZONA MURDER COVER-UPS FOR YEARS--SEE JOHN ROBERTS!
@phoenixpolice Phoenix police retirees here in Mexico involved in old Arizona murder cover-ups re: two my family use Alcoholics Anonymous here as criminal tool, several citys.
@CNBC Phoenix, AZ police retirees involved in old Arizona murder cover-ups include a bunch headquartered here in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico, more in other major Mexico citys.
@ExpansionMx Zihuatanejo, Guerrero's Col. Centro home several hundred persons in on cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins, leader an elderly resident woman indirectly involved in Arizona in1971.
@ExpansionMx Puerto Vallarta is outlaw home of Phoenix police retirees involved in 1971 Phoenix P.D. cover-up of Arizons murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@informador_MEX Criminally hypocritical Arizona law enforcement retirees here in Mexico expecting me to identify with them include officers involved in cover-up of 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@HoustonChron About two years ago Houston Police headquarters officers in international telephone "romantic Joke at me, avoided serious limited murder cover data available.
@informador_JAL Consulado Americano de Guadalajara tiene empleados diplomatico con historia de mentiras contra mio Gordon Robbins, un Americano.  Prueba exists!
@azcentral Criminally arrogant Arizona Republic newspaper employees think nothing to fear because of past murder cover-up activity?
@azcentral A homosexual.male Cosme Lopez in control of internationas murder cover-ups, at U.S Federal/Attorney's office, Phoenix, Arizona--homosexual husband Phoenix P.D. retiree here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico--new cover-up put in place!
@azcentral Arizona Republic newspaper editors, staff deeply involved in cover-up of March 12, 1971 Arizona drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
Phoenix, AZ Police retirees here Puerto Vallarta, U.S. Federal Attorney's office staff, Phoenix, AZ running a two-nation murder cover-up operation re: March 12, 1971 premeditated Arizona murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@FBIPhoenix Phoenix, AZ Police retirees here Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, U.S. Federal Attorney's office staff n Phoenix, AZ deeply involved in international telephone murder cover-up plots.  Interception, diversion Intl. calls involved!
@V_of_Europe Alice Donnelly, high-up American Justice Department official involved, cover up 1971 involvement of American Military man Thomas "Tom" Schodt in 1971 Phoenix, AZ murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@ladailynews Donald Heberrlein, retired L.A. Times employee, needs be interviewed re: March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins.  Ask about Harold, Grace Plattner, Fennimore, Wisconsin 1970's.
@MayorOfLA Joseph Wambaugh, long retired LAPD Captain, can provide additional, possibly inaccurate, 1971 Patrick Robbins murder cover-up info (from Tepic, Nayarit, Mexico?)
@MayorOfLA LAPD has  historic individual ties to March 12,.1971 Phoenix  Police Department and since libgy attempted cover-up of Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins. 2006 also!
@axios Only AXIOS people aware of possible staff involvement in murder cover-ups, international "joke" prostitution activities, key person Michelle Lee, Washington Post newspaper.
@TucsonStar Arizona Daily Star newspaper staff bought into Phoenix, AZ police officers, Arizona Republic newspaper staff murder cover-up activities several years ago!  FBI Tucson agent involvement 1971.
@frank_milstead Milstead does not understand criminal psychosis of Tempe, Arizona Police, Fire Department, some municipal employees and local socialites dating from 1960's, murder cover-ups involved!
@WSJ When Wall Street Journal editor Marty Baron's name tied to Glenn Kessler, Washington Post international murder cover-ups out of Arizona involved
@MilenioMty Americans o' Mexicanos en TWITTER usaban nombre Miguel Osorio Ching en complot delitos aqui en Mexico, possible desde Zihuatanejo, Guerrero!
David Gonzales, (retired?) U.S. Federal Marshal, Arizona a criminal murder cover-up asset of both Tempe, AZ's Michael Frost and Arizona DPS (State Police) for decades!
@muckrack Cosme Lopez also name used by murder cover-up specialist with Phoenix, AZ police retirees living here in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.
@muckrack Muck Rack criminal conspirators in murder cover-up apparently include Cosme Lopez, public information officer at U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona w/USDOJ.gov address.
@FBIPhoenix When criminally intent FBI agents set a Phoenix, AZ office April 7, 2008 "trap" for me they were already involved in 1971 murder cover-up, my son Patrick Robbins.
Washington Post has staff in on murder cover-ups in complicity with AXIOS who's Twitter profile shows up on U.S. Senate list.
@phoenixpolice Time Magazine reportedly holding written, signed evidence of retired and active Phoenix, AZ police officers campaigns to discredit me, Gordon Robbins.  Content libel per se!
@PHXFire Ronald Walker, pre-2003 fireman in Phoenix, AZ a covert homosexual operator of Fox's Bar, Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico after 2003.  Check it out!
@statepressmag Phoenix, AZ Police at home in Phoenix,AZ also use middle name of my murdered son Patrick Taylor Robbins (March 12, 1971) in their murder cover-up activities!
@azcentral Arizona Republic newspaper staff spent most of past 12 years pretending my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins a resident of Cave Creek, Arizona, this part of murder cover-up plot.
@statepressmag Phoenix, AZ Police retirees here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico have made middle name of my murdered son Patrick Taylor Robbins (March 12, 1971) part of their murder cover-up activities!
@CombsPhoenix Phoenix Police retirees here in Mexico have made middle name of my murdered  son Patrick Taylor Robbins (1971) part of their international murder cover-up activities!
@phoenixpolice Read Phoenix, AZ Police "PRIDE" statement, then think of their cover-up of March 12, 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins!
@statedeptspox @StateDept @SecPompeo @EPN @LVidegaray @USEmbassyMEX @SRE_mx American State Department holds evidence American Military man Thomas "Tom" Schodt from American Embassy, Mexico City, involved in events related to March 12, 1971 Phoenix, AZ drowning murder my son Patrick Robbins.
@FBIPhoenix The only half-honest FBI agents at this office the younger ones in 2009 and since, murder cover-up specialty of older agents for decades!
Carolyn Rattner, racist Arizona legislator, 1980's and Eric Holder need to talk of Rattner's 2013 takibg control of Arizona Republic newspaper!
@gregstantonaz Greg, Ask your Phoenix Police retirees here in Mexico if their hearts were broken by the 1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my 2+1/2 year-old son Patrick Robbins
Sgt. Carbajal (possibly?) one of few at Phoenix P.D. who makes sense.  Does he work w/Lt. J.R. Moore's girlfriend, Phoenix P.D. PR officer Mercedes Gold?
Three or more Republican Party women part of longterm murder cover-up operations, two now hiding in Mexico with their Attorney criminal husbands from Phoenix area.
@azcentral Are your newsroom and switchboard operators part of Arizona Republic newsroom, Nicole Carroll-Randy Lovely longterm murder cover-up operations?
@statedeptspox @StateDept @usembassymkd @USEmbassyAthens American Embassy, Mexico City phone system rigged since late 1990's, murder cover-ups involved.  Emails also subject to diversion!
@chicagotribune Please check my today's email on American Embassy to Jason Meisner.  Possibly intercepted/divirted by American Federal Bureau of Investigation agentd in on murder cover-ups.
@StateDept @SecPompeo @USTreasury United States of America Secret Service covered up when one of their own murdered his wife in 1965(?) at Congressman Barry Goldwater Jr.'s Birthday party in southern California--True or False?
@StateDept Missing person former Assistant American Consul, Guadalajara, Mexico last seen as transvestite female clothes model in Mexico City near American Embassy.
@jwilliams5318 Good to know T. Chad Amos, Lt. J.R. Moore + Mercedes Gold not using phony names?
@USATODAY USAToday has two problems related to old 2002-03 household burglaries in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico--their former Guadalajara correspondent and former Assistant American Consul Gordon Strachen!
@axios Your close friend Cosme Lopez missing from U.S. Federal Attorney's office, Feds mum about Lopez whereabouts.
@PostBaron Marty Baron's name used in international "joke prostitution" scheme by Glenn Kessler, others at Washington Post not a joke.  Scheme had real hidden roots!
@azcentral Galvin Parkway in Phoenix, AZ named for limp-wristed man who faked his own death, him beloved in South Beach, Miami, Florida
Phoenix, AZ Police tricked NASA, U.S. Air Force into tracking my car in Mexico in 1995.  Several years later an Alcoholics Anonymous ex-wife if one of them told them where I really was!
@UC_President As usual, nice photo of Janet Napolitano, University of California, on Twitter.
@mikesunx Mike, Please stop sending me photos, links, on Facebook, hackers trying to watch.
@nedprice John Brennan going through old CIA files on Ned Price!
American Ambassador to Mexico late 1990's, early 2000's posthumously named "Person of Interest".
@chrondigger Good to know you are in action.  Watch Danial Ortega's wife's statements.
One FBI agent fled to Mexico City abandoned wife in Town of Paradise Valley, AZ, house payments made in advance for two years.
@FBIPhoenix Several male FBI agents, Phoenix office, early 2000's, fearing secret  indictments, fled cross border to Mexico City!
@phoenixpolice Vice and intelligence officers of Phoenix P.D working as undercover pimps ordered to stop taking commissions two years ago!
@USAO_SDTX Houston, Texas Police Headquarters officers promote outside romances for in-house telephone receptionists, "Howdy You'allll" their feminine international salutation!
@USMarshalsHQ Suggest investigate U.S.Marshal David Gonzales ties to Michael Frost in greater Phoenix, AZ area, historical key 1971 drowning murder Patrick Robbins
@azcentral Nicole Carroll says Gannett recording all incoming calls, no humans available. Be carefully of Mrs. loose lips!
@ACLUaz Inherited problems of Phoenix, AZ Police will soon go away, reveal deficiencies of eras of Chiefs Joe Yahner, Danial Garrcia (who inherited results of Jack Harris's phony trumped up lone man undercover agent in Mexico), etc.
@cronkitenews Cronkite News ought to know about worn out, decrepit equipment like cameras, recorders, handcuffs that pinch the skin.
@chicagotribune Hello to Jason Meisner!
NASA Invites Media to Northrop Grumman Cygnus Launch from Virginia via NASA https://t.co/YmvJPQPRUg
NASA to Host Briefings, Events for ICON Launch to Study Space Weather via NASA https://t.co/VKxZAzWjb5
New NASA Podcast Shares ‘Invisible’ Stories of Spaceflight via NASA https://t.co/AcKxxfslba
NASA Television to Air Live Interviews with Astronaut Nick Hague via NASA https://t.co/B19tpzyXxJ
NASA Administrator Statement on Deputy Administrator Confirmation via NASA https://t.co/d3g5HDRVRc
Missouri, Colorado Students to Speak with Astronaut on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/JFUPBXT19t
NASA to Air International Space Station Update Briefing Today via NASA https://t.co/Fn7SIsIpbc
NASA Statement on Soyuz MS-10 Launch Abort via NASA https://t.co/mpilPFzeZK
NASA to Televise Two Spacewalks, Preview Briefing via NASA https://t.co/hUeUP4hyez
NASA Television to Air Launch of NASA Astronaut on First Space Mission via NASA https://t.co/er4aubDZyi
NASA Evaluates Commercial Small-Sat Earth Data for Science via NASA https://t.co/buEGpu5Lmw
NASA, UAE Space Agency Sign Historic Implementing Arrangement for Cooperation in Human Spaceflight via NASA https://t.co/UJvLqV00JO
Space Station Crew Returns to Earth, Lands Safely in Kazakhstan via NASA https://t.co/J49DW34NC3
NASA Administrator Highlights ‘Moon to Mars’ Events Across Agency Oct. 24 via NASA https://t.co/6jZSI6Q7Du
Astronomers Find First Evidence of Possible Moon Outside Our Solar System via NASA https://t.co/Rer0PhQNZv
NASA, Israel Space Agency Sign Agreement for Commercial Lunar Cooperation via NASA https://t.co/87EKjhlLjt
Statement on International Space Station Leak Investigation via NASA https://t.co/ND8sPlriF9
NASA, NOAA Convene GOES 17 Mishap Investigation Board via NASA https://t.co/ojHZxiXExT
NASA to Air Administrator’s Message Marking Agency 60th Anniversary via NASA https://t.co/d3P6IzDgUD
‘Year of Education on Station’ Wraps up with Live Earth-to-Space Call Between Students, NASA Astronaut in Orbit via NASA https://t.co/AhlpnGGwxf
NASA Awards Contract for Archive Center Operations via NASA https://t.co/DarF8JqdIf
NASA Awards Contract for Custodial Services via NASA https://t.co/6KarTuAdr9
NASA Awards Contract for Climate Pathfinder Mission Instrument via NASA https://t.co/aI1XEj0yY7
NASA TV to Air Live Coverage of International Space Station Crew Landing via NASA https://t.co/QxZ5R2GNam
NASA Administrator Talks Training, Future Missions with Newest Astronaut Class via NASA https://t.co/2JFMqV2TPI
NASA Extends Chandra Operations, Science Support Contract via NASA https://t.co/hG0aVp5woW
New Airborne Campaigns to Explore Snowstorms, River Deltas, Climate via NASA https://t.co/0hW5YMFzo8
Houston Medical Students to Speak Live with NASA Astronaut on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/1pHU8Bwxlo
NASA Updates Live Coverage of Japanese Cargo Launch, Delays Spacewalks via NASA https://t.co/bKem90rUTx
NASA Updates Preview Briefing for International Space Station Spacewalks, Live Coverage via NASA https://t.co/efJmhqeQaM
NASA Hosts Science Chat on Upcoming Historic Planetary Encounter via NASA https://t.co/XDpOwAt8yz
NASA Names Holly Ridings New Chief Flight Director via NASA https://t.co/hrrZnNpEc5
NASA, ULA Launch Mission to Track Earth's Changing Ice via NASA https://t.co/afYEPiTVlo
NASA Awards Fellowships to 12 Graduate Students via NASA https://t.co/PPjnwWyBlU
Georgia, Washington Students to Speak with Astronauts Aboard Space Station via NASA https://t.co/tPVDiGCAxd
NASA Awards Contract for Space Geodesy Satellite Laser Ranging Stations via NASA https://t.co/S6LeFEhl4m
Jody Singer Named Director of NASA’s Marshall Space Flight Center via NASA https://t.co/lKGuam6TS4
NASA, Roscosmos Statement on International Space Station Leak via NASA https://t.co/1yB0sG9vUr
NASA to Preview Two International Space Station Spacewalks, Provide Live Coverage via NASA https://t.co/LevRXCB9Ih
NASA to Broadcast Final Parachute Test for Orion Spacecraft via NASA https://t.co/l6Z4BXA0BH
NASA Astronaut Nick Hague Available for Interviews Before First Spaceflight via NASA https://t.co/4eedMax92F
Colorado Students to Speak with Astronauts on International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/5NnJsa1S9I
NASA Television to Air Launch, Capture of Japanese Cargo Ship to Space Station via NASA https://t.co/gihJReSJ2e
NASA to Host Live Chat on Successful Mission to Asteroid Belt via NASA https://t.co/LO9SYbP6Y3
NASA Television to Air Launch of Global Ice-Measuring Satellite via NASA https://t.co/M2ttabV72i
NASA Invites Media to View Spacecraft to Study the Frontier of Space via NASA https://t.co/wBiKDmRZP9
NASA Invites Media to Witness Final Orion Parachute Test in Arizona Desert via NASA https://t.co/No8QJwssuo
NASA Awards Contract for Earth Science Mission Hosting Services via NASA https://t.co/m73mhNkXDw
NASA Awards Contract to Upgrade Launch Pad Fuel System for World’s Largest Rocket via NASA https://t.co/regX50Z0xg
Media Invited to News Conference with NASA Astronaut Anne McClain and Space Station Crewmates via NASA https://t.co/sUqmT66d8o
NASA Awards Electrical Systems Engineering Services Contract via NASA https://t.co/R143F14JzG
NASA Investment in Cholera Forecasts Helps Save Lives in Yemen via NASA https://t.co/CoW7LuDXei
South Dakota, Texas Students to Speak with Astronauts on International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/AokKS0L95g
NASA Invites Media to Cover InSight Mars Landing Activities at Jet Propulsion Laboratory via NASA https://t.co/xGg0vUDCkl
NASA Launching Advanced Laser to Measure Earth’s Changing Ice via NASA https://t.co/vpRdcp6FHW
Vice President Pence Talks Future Human Space Exploration at NASA’s Johnson Space Center via NASA https://t.co/iIBKVx5HBX
NASA to Host Media Briefing on Mission to Return Asteroid Sample to Earth via NASA https://t.co/QvIe2vtV6y
NASA Hosts Live Science Chat: One Year After Eclipse 2017 via NASA https://t.co/PhE9keFkzb
NASA to Host Media Briefing on New Ice-Monitoring Mission via NASA https://t.co/rl0iuWduGN
NASA Awards Contract for Construction of New Research Support Building via NASA https://t.co/pPCvIOHxGm
NASA, ULA Launch Parker Solar Probe on Historic Journey to Touch Sun via NASA https://t.co/lXSsP3l8Rw
NASA Awards $2.3 Million in Grants to Minority Serving Institutions to Expand STEM Education via NASA https://t.co/N1quDUCOdl
NASA Astronaut to Speak with Students, Parents, Teachers at YouthSpark via NASA https://t.co/FOZikcSTBH
NASA Television to Air Russian Spacewalk at International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/XROG0VcujG
NASA Invests in Concepts for a Vibrant Future Commercial Space Economy via NASA https://t.co/HdxQH65OOT
NASA Announces New Partnerships to Develop Space Exploration Technologies via NASA https://t.co/wkfCc21mGc
NASA Invites Media to View Launch of ICESat-2 from West Coast via NASA https://t.co/z8r0gMethq
NASA Awards $15 Million to Small Businesses for Competitive Research and Development Program via NASA https://t.co/bCkeu1z16o
NASA to Host Briefings, Events for Aug. 11 Launch to Touch Sun via NASA https://t.co/yj5HxXbzje
NASA Holds Media Teleconference on New Public-Private Space Tech Partnerships via NASA https://t.co/3BuZzd8ABC
NASA Awards Base Operations, Spaceport Services Contract at Kennedy Space Center via NASA https://t.co/UZW2yOLXgr
NASA Assigns Crews to First Test Flights, Missions on Commercial Spacecraft via NASA https://t.co/nVTUuVnLim
Challenger Center, McAuliffe-Shepard Discovery Centers Call Astronaut in Space via NASA https://t.co/OGs4Bwnvgs
NASA Selects US Firms to Provide Commercial Suborbital Flight Services via NASA https://t.co/za4SxymTBY
NASA Gives $1.4 Million to Help Minority-Serving Colleges Develop New STEM Courses via NASA https://t.co/udUJdyoDB6
NASA Awards Contract for Earth Science Data Archive Center Support via NASA https://t.co/BsHvNjEsCR
NASA Invites Media to Meet Earth Science Innovators via NASA https://t.co/whLjAnrSuS
NASA Interns, New Mexico Community, Virginia Students to Call Space Station via NASA https://t.co/OHvbPXj5tb
NASA Administrator to Visit Langley Research Center July 31 via NASA https://t.co/1wWr4EAPjB
NASA to Name Astronauts Assigned to First Boeing, SpaceX Flights via NASA https://t.co/cXNH2w6jYg
Watch This Space: NASA Administrator Talks Webb Science with Nobel Laureate via NASA https://t.co/UmSbc0XR1U
NASA Awards Facility Operations Support Contract via NASA https://t.co/5aSBtbQcZ8
NASA Brings Latest Aerospace Technologies to AirVenture 2018 via NASA https://t.co/zgD70NglBK
NASA Launches Channel for Roku via NASA https://t.co/9qMtddAxEc
NASA Invites Media to Preview Briefing on Spacecraft that will “Touch” Sun via NASA https://t.co/SdoYzAx25g
NASA Debuts Online Toolkit to Promote Commercial Use of Satellite Data via NASA https://t.co/Hbvp6wNnZG
NASA Television, Website to Air Critical Conversations on Science in Space via NASA https://t.co/CRCcXThrSG
NASA, French Aerospace Lab to Collaborate on Sonic Boom Prediction Research via NASA https://t.co/YxRSqDtWsH
Students from Missouri, Mississippi to Call Space Station via NASA https://t.co/ACCIrXWdhv
NASA Statement on Nomination for Agency Deputy Administrator via NASA https://t.co/DP8t9sD8OG
NASA’s Fermi Traces Source of Cosmic Neutrino to Monster Black Hole via NASA https://t.co/Hf5WE0fCuz
Coverage Set for Departure of US Cargo Ship from International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/AvVc0eHfxQ
NASA Names Six New Flight Directors to Lead Mission Control via NASA https://t.co/vEVcgDxZT3
NASA Awards Information Technology Support Contract via NASA https://t.co/VMGisLcfgv
Students from Ohio, Virginia, Maryland, Massachusetts to Call Space Station via NASA https://t.co/GLNsWGkFQi
NASA TV to Air Launch, Docking of Russian Cargo Delivery to Space Station via NASA https://t.co/OB3u0xJiHE
NASA Invites Media to Visit with Spacecraft That Will “Touch” Sun via NASA https://t.co/aFMqhGIU5I
NASA Invites Media to View Launch of Mission to “Touch” Sun via NASA https://t.co/zMMda8Rbtc
NASA Awards Contract for Continued Operations of its Jet Propulsion Laboratory via NASA https://t.co/S0KhJCk5kA
Young Kansans to Call Space Station from Eisenhower Presidential Library via NASA https://t.co/3VqXUj7QV7
New NASA Research, Hardware Heading to Space Station on 15th SpaceX Resupply Mission via NASA https://t.co/pkTsToYdlY
Our Solar System’s First Known Interstellar Object Gets Unexpected Speed Boost via NASA https://t.co/pqepX4dVP2
NASA to Hold Teleconference for Media, Industry on Unmanned Aircraft Flight in Public Airspace via NASA https://t.co/2gm1mKjLJ0
NASA Hosts Media Teleconference on Status of James Webb Space Telescope via NASA https://t.co/h6OWm5b4yR
NASA Technologies Significantly Reduce Aircraft Noise via NASA https://t.co/EunPbhbKsA
Media Invited to Preview Expedition to Ocean Twilight Zone via NASA https://t.co/7CbrtyIjCh
NASA Television to Air Launch of Next Space Station Resupply Mission via NASA https://t.co/f3J57Arlfw
New York, Washington, California Students to Call Space Station via NASA https://t.co/YptayCFLxf
NASA to Host Media Teleconference on National Near-Earth Object Preparedness Report via NASA https://t.co/zBbI8tSif1
NASA Administrator Statement on Space Policy Directive-3 via NASA https://t.co/F7XzoGeK3Z
NASA, NSF Plunge Into Ocean ‘Twilight Zone’ to Explore Ecosystem Carbon Flow via NASA https://t.co/myvAJQKrpX
Brooklyn Students to Link Up with NASA Astronauts on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/zvv4KgCKXK
Record-Setting NASA Astronaut Peggy Whitson Retires via NASA https://t.co/fvKCiaPXo9
Ramp-Up in Antarctic Ice Loss Speeds Sea Level Rise via NASA https://t.co/PTEYDCmI7V
NASA to Hold Media Teleconference on Martian Dust Storm, Mars Opportunity Rover via NASA https://t.co/m27ijdNqk9
NASA Flies Large Unmanned Aircraft in Public Airspace Without Chase Plane for First Time via NASA https://t.co/QOsQRcKTK6
First Astronaut of 2013 Class to Fly to Space Available for Media Interviews via NASA https://t.co/0Egf9EfzgY
Researchers to Discuss Science Launching on Next Resupply Mission to Space Station via NASA https://t.co/NVydOKe1XQ
NASA Finds Ancient Organic Material, Mysterious Methane on Mars via NASA https://t.co/0Wn4XIYOWE
NASA TV to Air US Spacewalk at International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/mnPbhohhJ8
Astronauts Safely in Orbit Following Launch to International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/AtzghqddzC
NASA Selects Three Informal Learning Institutions to Inspire Next Generation via NASA https://t.co/gBVUthGx2l
NASA to Host Live Discussion on New Mars Science Results via NASA https://t.co/r22jvCnca4
NASA Astronaut, Crewmates Safely Return to Earth from Space Station via NASA https://t.co/GEhRZPmf7Y
NASA Selects Mission to Study Solar Wind Boundary of Outer Solar System via NASA https://t.co/6nT3n8VAVm
NASA Selects US Companies to Advance Space Resource Collection via NASA https://t.co/ayjDw1La0Y
NASA Awards Change Order to JPSS Common Ground System Contract via NASA https://t.co/QcRk8wRDWq
Media Invited to See Latest NASA Drone Traffic Management Technologies via NASA https://t.co/hMYvGUcrmS
NASA Previews Mission to Study Frontier of Space via NASA https://t.co/TX9Mm9QfEw
NASA Television to Air Return of One Space Station Crew, Launch of Another via NASA https://t.co/sKHKiek8p4
NASA Administrator Reflects on Legacy Record-Breaking Skylab, Apollo Astronaut via NASA https://t.co/9GkRjGrtJJ
Family Release Regarding the Passing of Apollo, Skylab Astronaut Alan Bean via NASA https://t.co/s4x3ULiwVI
NASA Awards $43.5 Million to US Small Businesses for Technology Research, Development via NASA https://t.co/KVikmAdtHG
NASA Awards Options for Two Joint Polar Satellite System Spacecraft via NASA https://t.co/Z3m7QnJXsb
NASA Administrator Statement on Space Policy Directive-2 via NASA https://t.co/y5tUH6uOrQ
NASA, Space Station Partners Announce Future Mission Crew Members via NASA https://t.co/Xj0OhXBlW6
NASA Awards Contract for Space Telescope Mission via NASA https://t.co/HieMf2pjgW
Twin Spacecraft Launch to Track Earth’s Water Movement via NASA https://t.co/nJn4VlrD9R
NASA Invites Media to View New Mission to Study the Frontier of Space via NASA https://t.co/rZ1ZcYfSTK
Steve Jurczyk Appointed NASA Associate Administrator; Krista Paquin Retires; Melanie W. Saunders Named Acting Deputy Associate Administrator via NASA https://t.co/7d2uglnfla
California Students to Link Up with NASA Astronauts on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/x3TplMt26f
NASA Sends New Research on Orbital ATK Mission to Space Station via NASA https://t.co/IGRYnkdA5u
UPDATE: NASA, Orbital ATK Now Targeting May 21 for Next Resupply Mission to Space Station via NASA https://t.co/lwaVKCHOFn
NASA Awards Contract for Advanced Computing Services via NASA https://t.co/si43AB6GX6
NASA Awards Contract for Strategic Analysis, Communications Support via NASA https://t.co/4vy3hdWekK
NASA Invites Media to Upcoming Launch of Science to Space Station via NASA https://t.co/cZLDC4pbft
NASA Satellites Reveal Major Shifts in Global Freshwater via NASA https://t.co/cA87KrCJMO
NASA Television Updates Coverage of Earth-Observing Satellite Duo Launch via NASA https://t.co/0GQu1cRDgr
NASA Awards Protective Services Contract via NASA https://t.co/NomWUDZEES
NASA Announces New Director of Johnson Space Center via NASA https://t.co/NcKMsEyQQB
Old Data Reveal New Evidence of Europa Plumes via NASA https://t.co/YcbIjekY0A
Mars Helicopter to Fly on NASA’s Next Red Planet Rover Mission via NASA https://t.co/MD0Vt0CY3C
NASA Television to Air Coverage of Earth-Observing Satellite Duo Launch via NASA https://t.co/WhDKoII3bi
Oklahoma, Illinois Students to Link Up with NASA Astronauts on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/1Q6fv9jU4f
NASA Hosts Live Discussion about Europa Findings, Potential for Life via NASA https://t.co/hS1PYEaynw
Powers Appointed NASA Press Secretary via NASA https://t.co/iyLion2uN2
NASA Awards Grants for Research into Life in Universe via NASA https://t.co/7WTFHI09bc
NASA, Uber to Explore Safety, Efficiency of Future Urban Airspace via NASA https://t.co/MItadbv9o9
NASA Astronaut Available for Satellite Interviews Before First Spaceflight via NASA https://t.co/W62na2IdOR
Genes in Space Students to Speak with NASA Astronauts on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/rwwmiK6PRO
NASA Highlights Science on Next Orbital ATK Mission to Space Station via NASA https://t.co/B26YluGRPE
NASA, ULA Launch Mission to Study How Mars Was Made via NASA https://t.co/7EPXs6SJpy
NASA to Preview Pair of Upcoming US Spacewalks, Provide Live Coverage via NASA https://t.co/bnuexNb68E
Demonstration Proves Nuclear Fission System Can Provide Space Exploration Power via NASA https://t.co/Z8M0YFg34Q
Twin Spacecraft to Weigh in on Earth's Changing Water via NASA https://t.co/wX7nG85Hve
NASA Sets Sights on May 5 Launch of InSight Mars Mission via NASA https://t.co/CjlkHbnM6L
Montana, Vermont Students to Speak with NASA Astronauts on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/3x8HwNZtOQ
NASA Invites Media to Briefing on Next Earth-Observing Mission via NASA https://t.co/nqgu7E48bC
US Cargo Spaceship Set for Departure from International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/9sDvVzwGCd
Media Invited to Orbital ATK Cargo Launch from Virginia via NASA https://t.co/HI5ZLhASyp
Vice President Pence Swears in New NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine via NASA https://t.co/PjdvkFYBfD
Vice President Pence to Swear in New Agency Administrator; Airing on NASA Television via NASA https://t.co/bnUhJvDg6E
NASA Invites Media to Swearing-In of New Agency Administrator via NASA https://t.co/mxlzb84KDt
NASA Awards Construction Contract for Instrument Development Facility via NASA https://t.co/foAzbIyN9N
NASA Astronauts on Space Station to Speak with Students from Florida, Texas via NASA https://t.co/ZcFPLtt1Rc
Statements on Jim Bridenstine’s Senate Confirmation as NASA Administrator via NASA https://t.co/JHHQGlre49
NASA Planet Hunter on Its Way to Orbit via NASA https://t.co/vTpJcSnJH8
NASA to Discuss Demonstration of New Space Exploration Power System via NASA https://t.co/wSKRWusnJo
NASA TV Updates Launch Coverage for Planet-Hunting Mission TESS via NASA https://t.co/TXlvabEc2a
NASA Celebrates Earth Day with #NASA4Earth Tools, Events via NASA https://t.co/95rmp7IDet
Maryland, Michigan, Texas Students to Link Up with NASA Astronauts on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/TTg8yNqPDA
NASA to Discuss Deep Space Exploration Progress at Johnson Space Center via NASA https://t.co/eSIsLgpBXd
NASA Television to Air Launch of Next Planet-Hunting Mission via NASA https://t.co/0IKl2ziwd9
NASA Invites Media to Launch of GRACE Follow-On Spacecraft via NASA https://t.co/Go5etcK80L
NASA Announces New Chief Scientist via NASA https://t.co/PpFfBYEwDW
Frostburg State Students to Speak with NASA Astronaut in Space via NASA https://t.co/CxArEvzfRL
NASA Awards Contract for Logistics Support Services via NASA https://t.co/gQ8epWSOvW
NASA Brings Universe of Discovery to USA Science and Engineering Festival via NASA https://t.co/YdGosk96Vh
NASA Awards Contract to Build Quieter Supersonic Aircraft via NASA https://t.co/ecoVscmCFm
New Research Heading to Space Station Aboard 14th SpaceX Resupply Mission via NASA https://t.co/oBYaNrRyGv
NASA Invests in Shapeshifters, Biobots, Other Visionary Technology via NASA https://t.co/li0o2V1wEc
NASA Ready to Study Heart of Mars via NASA https://t.co/6JGQ2oj8Co
NASA to Host News Conference Announcing New Supersonic Test Aircraft via NASA https://t.co/L64aRsDcZC
NASA Prepares to Launch Next Mission to Search Sky for New Worlds via NASA https://t.co/dTaB3xwRkw
NASA Awards Contract for Environmental Compliance, Operation Services via NASA https://t.co/qrF7UiTOl4
Be a Flight Director: NASA Accepting Applications for Mission Control Leaders via NASA https://t.co/Wl33JkBnWH
NASA’s Webb Observatory Requires More Time for Testing and Evaluation; New Launch Window Under Review via NASA https://t.co/x1kHm0O3Xg
NASA Hosts Media Teleconference on Status of James Webb Space Telescope via NASA https://t.co/1UApVrHbGG
NASA Television to Air Launch of Next Space Station Resupply Mission via NASA https://t.co/e37EtomtHU
NASA Invites Media to View Launch of InSight Mars Lander from West Coast via NASA https://t.co/XO1CiJ8HGn
NASA Awards Contract for Aerospace Systems Modeling, Simulation via NASA https://t.co/70naa31qWs
NASA Invites Media to Discuss First Mission to Study Mars Interior, First Interplanetary Launch from West Coast via NASA https://t.co/QdKryy1CgW
Two NASA Astronauts Among Crew Heading to International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/Bik4NuUeyQ
Media Invited to View NASA Spacecraft That Will Touch the Sun via NASA https://t.co/nWuTKFpznQ
Media Preview of Final Voyage of NASA's Around-the-World Atmospheric Mission via NASA https://t.co/czoImlekWK
NASA to Launch Parachute Test off Virginia Coast March 27 via NASA https://t.co/Npj7pVMzW2
NASA to Preview Upcoming US Spacewalk, Provide Live Coverage via NASA https://t.co/UEVwnDHouk
NASA to Discuss Upcoming Launch of Next Planet Hunter via NASA https://t.co/hpzKaLOMnF
Media Invited to View NASA's Mission to Study Mars Interior via NASA https://t.co/LB3SO7BAPK
NASA Statement on Confirmation of New Agency Chief Financial Officer via NASA https://t.co/jcB6GYWH6i
NASA to Highlight Science Launching on Next Resupply Mission to Space Station via NASA https://t.co/bb4yk5UfQL
NASA Honors Legacy of Renowned Astrophysicist Stephen Hawking via NASA https://t.co/Y39pXTIDil
NASA Television Coverage Set for Space Station Crew Launch, Docking via NASA https://t.co/MjDzB2TjZJ
NASA Awards Contract for Safety, Health, Mission Assurance Services via NASA https://t.co/FbN2BLOpXS
Science Teachers at National Conference to Speak with NASA Astronaut on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/Ni2uEGRs7j
NASA Awards $96 Million to U.S. Small Businesses for Tech Research, Development via NASA https://t.co/VYlFhw7rmC
Media Invited to Upcoming Launch of NASA’s Newest Planet-Hunting Spacecraft via NASA https://t.co/9PoI7LSCJY
NASA, Partners Seek Input on Standards for Deep Space Technologies via NASA https://t.co/Zingwa6kfW
Massachusetts Students to Speak with NASA Astronaut on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/HhjaTusRjh
NASA, ULA Launch Advanced NOAA Weather Satellite via NASA https://t.co/izNTZetLV2
NASA Awards Professional Services Contract via NASA https://t.co/USCbE4iSQL
California, Arizona Students to Speak with Astronauts on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/Chxaa96sDi
NASA Astronauts Return to Earth, Land Safely in Kazakhstan via NASA https://t.co/aM6lVSrZke
NASA Astronauts Available for Final Interviews Before Space Station Mission via NASA https://t.co/KV0RwXOBQN
International Space Station Crew Landing to Air Live on NASA Television via NASA https://t.co/K5MFswoxjd
Students in California to Speak with NASA Astronaut on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/0D5C5QhFXD
NASA Awards Contract for Facilities Operations, Maintenance Services via NASA https://t.co/l7uH4linSE
NASA Television Coverage Set for Weather Satellite Science Briefing, Launch via NASA https://t.co/9vWemWu9KS
NASA to Host National Space Council Meeting at Kennedy Space Center via NASA https://t.co/ZuqSpwPnid
NASA Awards Contract for Construction, Maintenance, Environmental, Testing Services via NASA https://t.co/463nqzObB4
New Mexico Students to Speak with NASA Astronaut on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/Z85OPF8c0P
Minnesota Students to Speak with NASA Astronauts on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/8eeS5DjakR
NASA Invites Media to Upcoming Space Station Cargo Launch via NASA https://t.co/RyaHHnlZXh
NASA TV to Air US Spacewalk at the International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/HrXMxSy1G1
Texas Students to Speak with NASA Astronaut on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/OX0Oe26HSY
NASA Updates Russian Space Station Cargo Ship Launch, Docking Coverage via NASA https://t.co/qG3Qwbb45Q
NASA Acting Administrator Statement on Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Proposal via NASA https://t.co/2WGqTnnWQt
Texas Educators to Speak with NASA Astronaut on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/c6xEor1oWn
NASA Hosts News Conference, Interviews with Crew Launching to Space Station in June via NASA https://t.co/rbcmHbAehZ
Feb. 12 ‘State of NASA’ Events Highlight Agency Goals for Space Exploration via NASA https://t.co/PkmRudsud3
NASA TV to Air US Spacewalk at the International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/uMRdOh2ePg
NASA to Air Russian Space Station Cargo Ship Launch, Docking via NASA https://t.co/Xu1tyVKMVF
Idaho Students to Speak with NASA Astronauts on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/IJhrAWPXuV
New NASA Space Sensors to Address Key Earth Science Questions via NASA https://t.co/c0oOsepfJz
Combined Optics, Science Instruments of NASA’s James Webb Space Telescope Arrive in California via NASA https://t.co/KoGaAIiAgo
Students in Peace Corps Program to Speak with NASA Astronauts on Space Station via NASA https://t.co/9Lw0iO8RKu
NASA TV to Air Russian Spacewalk at the International Space Station via NASA https://t.co/Y4oAEfUlZh
NASA Television to Air Live Coverage of Upcoming Rare Lunar Eclipse via NASA https://t.co/PyBoxniukI
Space Exploration Educators to Speak with NASA Astronaut Aboard Space Station via NASA https://t.co/QMHLlEc3Q8
NASA Invites Media to Upcoming NOAA GOES-S Satellite Launch via NASA https://t.co/73R3ABu4sf
Spinoff 2018 Highlights Space Technology Improving Life on Earth via NASA https://t.co/a6huu5zTqY
@MesaPD Former Mesa Police Chief Milstead, head of Arizona DPS, apparently one of hierarchal Arizona lawmen who bought into criminal intentioned 2003 lies about me from Jack Harris, in 2003 the Phoenix Police Chief,  Key--lies to Mayor &amp; City Council
@Cernovich Cernovich may consider The Arizona Republic's cooperation w/Phoenix Police Department's decades old cover-ups of 1964 shotgun slaying of my father and 1971 drowning murder of my first born son acts of media political violence.Key- Editor Nicole Carroll
NASA Media Call Previews Upcoming Mission to Explore Atmospheric Border via NASA https://t.co/MhaziFZjnA
Celebrating 60 Years of America in Space on Jan. 31 via NASA https://t.co/Oaar4T8WOE
NASA Honors Its Fallen Heroes, Marks 15th Anniversary of Columbia Accident via NASA https://t.co/MNEUQGciUN
@AZDanielRuiz Former Phoenix, AZ Police Chief Jack Harris has a 15 year old lie for you that relates back to 1964  Phoenix Police cover-up of shotgun slaying of my father and 1971 Phoenix P.D. cover-up of drowning murder of my first born son.  Key--obituaries
@parisreview George Plimpton out talked by Motorcycle Mama years ago in Scottsdale, Arizona,  then told me he'd never heard of past Esquire fiction editor Rust Hills who used a puesdonym.  Key--Cats.
@CNBC Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix, AZ running normally, Cosme Lopez on the job.    Key-  Lopez hard of hearing, Sent. Jeff Flake can't get real Cosme Lopez on phone.
@Reuters Scottsdale,, AZ Police calls being transferred to joke line run by Internal Affairs Division Sgt. Joel Lewis, Key--setup byMayor Jim Lane and Arizona DPS (State Police) director Milstead
@caseysjournal @partlowj Hey Josh, Good to you on the job   Amazon collecting info on major cits in U.S., have to find out who they give it to. Where the French buying their oil for gas stations in Mexico, Venezuela oil company in tatters.  Late Happy New Year.
@cronkitenews Cronkite News exists because of hypocrisy filled settlement of a libel suit against CBS News and Walter Cronkite settled privately in part by Arizona's Congressional delegation of mid-1960's.  CBS protected source of broadcast libelous material
@HouseGOP Criminally Intentioned Wisconsin farm families living here in Puerto Vallarta some 20 years claim me, Gordon Robbins their close relative for intensely greed filled motives.  Key-Elena Cortez de Brun Estate trust, myself legal beneficio heir.
@FoxNews Clinton email investigation ties to CIA criminal operations run against me 2007-2012 in Mexico City, ties to 1971 Phoenix drowning murder my son Patrick Robbins.  Key--John Brennan knew by FAX's from me.
@costareports Robert Costa assigned find true identity of Cosme Lopez, U.S. Federal Attorneys office in Phoenix, finds entire office criminally intentioned toward myself, Gordon Robbins, father of 1971 little boy murdered in Phoenix by associate of theirs.
@snopes Los Angeles Times reporters umaware criminally intentioned U.S. Military men from American Consulate, Guadalajara, Mexico running around Puerto Vallarta cheering about their retired mentor's successful 1971 Phoenix murder of my son Patrick Robbins.
@snopes Detectives with Hollywood Division of L.A.P	D. obviously arrested wrong person in early 1960's back alley slaying of actor Sal Mineo.  Key--Mexico City current presence of private detective known as "The Great Pretender".
@utahjazz Phoenix, AZ Police Chief Jack Harris and Department's Financial people lied straight out about me publicly,on paper publicly, and privately to Phoenix Mayor and City Council in 2003 public and private hearings at Phoenix City Hall and to journalists
@HouseGOP Advertising Instagram and Snapchat by House Republicans part of negotiations over government SHUTDOWN.
Zihuatanejo declared off limits to fugitives with murderous past in Arizona, California.
@Lawrence Los Angeles Fire Department brothers w/mother named Carol part of group exposed to 2013 Zihuatanejo criminal antics secretly backed by ex-Phoenix, AZ Fireman Ron Walker of Zorro's Bar, Zihuatanejo.  Key--queer setup.
@alice_donnelly A woman, Alice Donnelly, supposedly U.S. Justice Department, contacted me here in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico via email and within two days her Justice Department email address was blocked by criminal Phoenix, AZ Police hackers.
NASA Announces Updated Crew Assignments for Space Station Missions via NASA https://t.co/qT8huxZWAX
@Fahrenthold @myhlee @USATODAY David, Since you enjoy being part of decades old 1964 Phoenix Police murder of my father and 1971 cover-up of murder of a son of mine, perhaps you'd like to see this from me, Gordon Robbins.
@VallartaDaily Puerto Vallarta Police of 1999 used unidentified Anglo male in Alcoholics Annonymous connected effort to label me either homosexual or a narco trafficker.  Kept no records of failed effort.  Family name Tribble from Los Angelas involved.
@pkcapitol Washington Post newspaper has staff deeply involved in decades old murder cover-up operations conducted by Phoenix Police Department.  Re: 1964 shotgun slaying of my father and 1971 drowning murder of my first born son.  FBI cover-up also involved.
Long-Term Warming Trend Continued in 2017: NASA, NOAA via NASA https://t.co/5h69aZiflJ
@rmhagen Racial crimes are part of coverage responsibility of Ryan Hagen at San Bernardino Sun newspaper, Hagen an expert on said crimes.
@phoenixnewtimes Phoenix Police retirees sending letters to editor of Time magazine protesting Arizona inheritance laws, want heirs of 'big money" investigated!
@JohnMcCainDaily John McCain's video mailing list under investigation by English language censors in Thailand, Laos, Vietnam for bad translations.  Some think Spam scam!
@Ashley_Hanley1 Some of Mankato, MN Muesings have property in Zihuatanejo, Mexico where U.S. currency is easily duplicated.  Not in good stead with American Embassy as of recent times.
@RepThomasMassie Is this same CIA Clappen who used to hide out in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca whenever he was subpoenaed to testify before Congress?
@CBSNews Trump could not have a more proper forum than CBS from which to announce the winner of the "Fake News" awards.  ASU journalism, 1965.
@ndrew_lawrence Insinuations herein that Arizona Sen. JEFF Flake is a terrorist being dealt with personally by U.S. Federal Attorney in Phoenix.
@Newsweek Young Anglo lady here in Puerto Vallarta gets waitress-bartender jobs wherever I hang out and tells people I'm her boyfriend.  Who do I report her to?
@Forbes Secretary of Labor says straight white males will not be excluded from work force!  Women disagree!
@CNN Arizona Republic newspaper Facebook editor wants to know why she was not fired in year 2013 for racist act toward me on newspaper Facebook page.  Key--ask Susan Come.
@ktumulty Tumult of Washington Post refuses to file any complaint against old boyfriend Glenn Kessler of Washington Post Fact Finders,  blames all on Grandpa Dan Balz.
@VP Good chance VP Pence could discuss whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (born Arizona 1972) with Dan Greene of Carmel, Indiana Police Department.
@CNBC Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos's wife once claimed by viral voice annonymous that she knows me--who knows her?
@mark_tarello Muesing families of Minnesota also got cold shoulder from American Embassy, Mexico City recently re: their property, business holdings in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero, Mexico.  Key--Dean Muesing, Mankato
@yashar Connections exist between Wisconsin farm families here in Puerto Vallarta and in Zihuatanejo and the Phoenix, AZ Police Dept. cover-up of 1964 Phoenix shotgun slaying of my father.  Key--Phoenix Police denials of the obvious and easily proven.
@FoxNews Persons w/illegal access to my Bancard number are charging purchases through OXXCO stores in Zihuatanejo and here in Puerto Vallarta in complicated plot that actually rips off BanComer, not me. Key question, Who?
@NBCNightlyNews Some messages of mine to White House and Justice, State Department officials re: decades old murder cover-ups done by Phoenix, AZ Police divirted to "Kiddie Land" by ex-White House female communications official.
@VallartaDaily Criminal Canadian retired military of Hotel Lina here in Puerto Vallarta's Colonia Emiliano Zapata have reverted to "Plan Two" because I'm not interested in their local Mexican-American "babe".
@JudicialWatch Phoenix, AZ Mayor, City Council of 2003 went along with Phoenix Police hierarchal lies about me, those Phoenix Police hierarchal lies dating back to May 15, 1964 Phoenix Police cover-up of shotgun slaying of my father C. Gordon Robbins.
@FOX59 S A blonde haired Canadian man who just days ago reportedly tried to use my name at hotel owned by friend of mine in Mazatlan, Sinaloa, Mexico freed by police there, may be back here in Puerto Vallarta.
@ExpansionMx Renee Solis Brun, late well known Mexico lawyer, would close down EXPANSION magazine which he helped found if he knew how.CNN has misused the EXPANSION name.
@FoxNews Retired ex-Phoenix Police hierarchal criminal group now here in Puerto Vallarta includes strategically placed viral voice accomplices near Posada Iris in Colonia Emiliano Zapata of Puerto Vallarta where I have been staying.  Factual, cursing me now.
@bpolitics One or more top officials of American Drug Enforcement Administration were lied to by hierarchy of Phoenix Police Dept. and DEA office in Phoenix in 2002-03 causing them to lie to top Mexican officials re: my status here in Mexico since then.
@NYMag Nicole Carroll, Arizona Republic editor, and newspaper staff involved in long term falsification of  whereabouts of my youngest son Matthew Peter Robbins (b--1972), placing him as full time Cave Creek, AZ resident.
@JudicialWatch U.S. Federal Attorneys Office in Phoenix has a long historical background w/woman using name "Kathy Schodt" who, along w/others, was involved in1971 Phoenix drowning murder of my son Patrick Robbins including American State Department officials
@ExpansionMx Gente con CNN de Cd. de Mexico hay gran parte en delitos de informacion contra mio muchos anos en complicidad con socios de Embajada Americano, Cd. de Mexico.
@CNNPolitics Criminally intent staff of U.S. Federal Attorney's office in Phoenix just caught running international murder cover-up game against me on behalf of Phoenix Police, questioning underway this week, names Cosme Lopez, John Leonardo involved.