A NATION OF FREE RADICALS https://t.co/LJecNYJizn via @YouTube
RT @rudy_atencio: Our Republic 2020 https://t.co/Lfa365IYrw via @YouTube
Inviting Innovation (2020) https://t.co/tWR3jBmMRP via @YouTube
Our Republic 2020 https://t.co/Lfa365IYrw via @YouTube
PURPLE INITIATIVE AD (2020) https://t.co/xtJmk0QlPT via @YouTube
Radical Centrism Ad 2020 https://t.co/wbTOKlWlSP via @YouTube
The Rise of Technology 2020 https://t.co/LP4NJAW5O7 via @YouTube
This is my mantra today (2020) https://t.co/kJRiAHjpQT
@IngrahamAngle @FoxNews Ok i love this issue. I want to see a trans female take down a straight male player in football. Now thats a game i wanna go to.  (2020)
@IngrahamAngle The electoral college is supposed to guard from the old paradox of needs. The needs of the individual or region can sometimes be underrepresented and so the electoral college guards from having pluralism mow down individual communities who may be out of lock step with urban ones.
@RealMattCouch Stand up for what you believe regardless of party, religion, or race, for it is our right given to us by our ancestors who gave their lives so that we might live free. Tone matters, it can be divisive and  divided we will fall. Unite. Please, iits more important now than ever.
@RealMattCouch @dbongino Socialism reduces you resources in order to assert control, like human capital, happiness, children, social capital, human rights, roads, bridges, food, energy via rolling blackouts. So, remember socialism, the less, the less, unless, you are Vladamir Putin Hugo Chavez, or Maduro
Democratic socialism, has failed. It is out of touch with the financial needs of the community. Radical centrism however, is a hybrid that uses capitalism and social culpability, in order to preserve the dignity and serve the needs of the community without loosing our identity.
What is radical centrism? The purple initiative uses the best elements of both capitalism and social culpability that help to rebuild the middle class, reduce government corruption and rehabilitate regional debt for the benefit of the community, without compromising our identity!
@trish_regan @VP USAID, Democratizing border agitators, and backdoor health care emergencies oh my! However, Venezuelan forces are now too leery, thus blunt force from within, is better. Im wondering why did the border crowd waste such a valuable bus which could have blazed thought the border?
@samurijack @realDonaldTrump Goooood Morniiiiing Vietnam! I would advise to remove the A.I. machinery on the DMZ. Seriously, a threat to human sovereignty. (2020)
@GobAbiertoBOL @RealCandaceO @TPUSA @charliekirk11 @SykesCharlie @benshapiro @conservmillen @mitchellvii @MrEarpLA @dbongino Defacing the self, is a weapon of pluralism, the glue for socialism. It is a product of self reflection, however, also a weapon for radicalization. Forcing you to apologize for something you did not do, breaks your sovereignty, as a tool to gain your loyalty for a group.
It is chilling to see the direction America is headed down, a community so vicariously affected by those who seek to divide us. Wake up! The war began the moment that two systems of economic might began to battle over the resources on wall street. https://t.co/qCovAGUCZA
I am now moving my campaign to Instagram as well. Check it out under rudywa3d for the latest pictures and updates on where I will be headed soon.
@ModernWhigs Depends on the choice, robot vs wall? I chose wall. Not sure how moral it is to have ones and zeros deciding on exactly who they should shoot to kill. DMZ last month used robots driven by artificial means to patrol their fence. HUMAN RIGHTS ISSUE. (2020)
The Gettysburg Address - Abraham Lincoln:  Is the lynchpin that holds this whole thing together. Our needs are not to be compromised. Speech (Audio &amp; Text) https://t.co/TTj1uVB46l via @YouTube
Great minds think alike. Love this! Please reach out to me i am trying to find your email. Why the Sherman Antitrust Act Matters - @MrBettsClass https://t.co/D0Gr3geZPC via @YouTube
Thank you for attending tonight’s rally on the history and nuts and bolts of socialism. Please rewind back to this photo if you missed it. Rudy WA 3D (2020) Whigs! https://t.co/YOWYLLeplt
I will fight to preserve our constitution, our religious freedom, our equal marriage rights for all, and most importantly, our privacy (2020)
This is exactly why I have proposed the purple initiative, which creates a follow free zone where tech cannot look in on us, or sell your personal privacy to the highest bidder. It creates a hyper economic global zone. I will fight to get south Washington a sovereign dollar. 2020
So how do we stop the economic obstruction of socialism and an economic war on capitalism? Well we need to hyper stimulate the economy by cutting taxes, and guaranteeing sovereignty on intellectual property, and on individuals. 	(2020)
Socialism is an economic war on capitalism. You can see it down to the community level.  (2020)
Socialism is destroying football in America, because it shatters part of our identity. (2020)
Socialism destroyed baseball in Venezuela, in order to destroy part of their culture identity it will do it here. Believe me (2020)
Socialism destroys national identity by destroying the image of national sports.	(2020)
Apologizing for something we did not do, is irrational, forces you to deface yourself in order to save face for socialism. It is not an apology it is pure defacing. It is a tool of radicalization for socialism. (2020)
Pluralism demands we deface ourselves in order to save face with the community. This is why we see so many apologies on the left. If they sacrifice their individual identity to the group then they save face. This why they demand the right apologize. (2020)
Pluralism, and therefore socialism is out of touch. (2020)
Pluralism says we are not sovereign or free from the gaze, touch of others. 	(2020)
Sovereignty is privacy and personal relationship we deserve to have with our worship, our self, and the people we chose to bring into our personal lives without the intrusion of the others. (2020)
How would you react if you saw a stampede for free stuff, mow down our constitution? The fragile fabric that guarantees our sovereignty in the face of tyranny, including the protections we enjoy for something as personal and gentle as our gender? (2020)
Does the me too movement really want muscular socialism in america. Men with machine guns abusing power? (2020)
If you look at long island from above and you see a young girl about to be mowed down by a giant iron bull, do you remove the iron bull which is the symbol of power and strength? Do we revere the girl for standing up to the bull? (2020)
So how does socialism convert you on the most personal level? pluralistic or collectivistic societies, feel that the health of the “we” identity outweighs the needs of “I” identity. So we before me. (2020)
Our individual privacy stripped from us with our consent.  Did we really consent to have our private information sold and bartered over, Isn’t this a form of modern day slavery? Who is pushing the pluralist agenda? (2020)
In socialism, the mob rules, but is the mob free from manipulation? Well a picture is worth a thousand words, and so, if you spin a story in a certain direction, the flap from that tweet, or facebook post has the potential to execute a firestorm. (2020)
Socialism is based off of pluralism, ironically social media is a tool of mob mentality and thus a mechanism of socialism.  (2020)
Socialism, is bargaining gone wrong. It is a win-lose zero sum negotiation, where the group wins and stomps over the needs of the private sector. Privacy loses (2020) not 1950
Socialism is pluralism. How was this ideology formed? Well simply put the power of the many overrides the power of the status quo.  (2020)
Socialism destroys your individual identity, and your cultural identity in order to assimilate you (2020)
Socialism turns your individual sovereign voice into nothing more than white noise  (2020)
Out of touch is to not remember that iron fists are more likely to lower an iron curtain over capitalism and wall street. (2020)
Out of touch is when socialism turns your individual voice into nothing but white noise (2020)
Out of touch is to not realize America has fallen into a “deep state” of disparity, and desperation, where our voices have become nothing more than white noise but socialism is not the answer (2020)
Out of touch is to not Remember, congress holds the purse strings what do you think will happen if we elect socialist? Nothing will get built, roads will collapse, communication between cities and states slowed because poor hungry disconnected people make bad revolutionaries 2020
Out of touch is to not acknowledge all of the failed socialist states, The USSR, Venezuela, Argentina, Brazil, all socialist at one point all failed eventually and were riddled with corruption. (2020)
Out of touch is to think that just because we identify as the United States, and are a wealthy country that socialism will not destroy our economy and way of life	(2020)
Out of touch is the fact that socialism fails to look towards an economically progressive future. I promise you the future is bright if we aggressively pursue our advancement (2020)
Out of touch is to drag us into the politics of the last century (2020)
You want to have a public discussion and speak out against socialism? Go ahead try it see who shows up. I guarantee socialism will send out a group to stop you from spreading the message that individuals matter (2020)
Out of touch is Socialism which trumps hyper-individualism? You want to be an individual? Forget it! Gone! Therefore, out of touch with you down to your most basic needs.  (2020)
Socialism is out of touch (2020)
Socialism is the lack of acknowledgement of the individuals who disagree by the mob mentality of socialism deprives us all of our basic needs. (2020)
The rise of socialism threatens our very existence as Americans. Our cultural practices, history, ideology, structure, banking, and religious freedoms under the threat of regime change in America. (2020)
There is a revival of 20th century models of governance that have not only failed once, but on multiple attempts, over and over. Socialism fails because it deprives us of our needs. Trust! (2020) Whigs!
Hello everyone on the west coast Welcome to another one of my twitter rallies! We’ve been talking allot about what the future could look like in south Washington but tonight we will delve into the past and the rise of socialism in the 21st century https://t.co/8apoENztlu
@TeaBoots This is exactly what Purple is about. Purple is Trust! (2020).
RT @TeaBoots: Watch-Making  the  world a better place with kindness 	This is how America should look~Let's stop the divisiveness ~ https://…
History tends to repeat itself lest we learn from it! Trust! (2020) Whigs!	Burning Monk Quang Duc| Self Immolation Protest| Vietnam War| Anti-Fascist https://t.co/pgmEA4GcrU via @YouTube
Why does everyone feel a rush! Every time someone says Rush - Ah (Russia). It is exhilarating in pronounciation by design. Yet its policies failed behind the Berlin Wall. Socialism and Fascism set each others by default. One rises in response to the other. Trust! (2020) Whigs!
in regards to the bathroom. It should be your sovereign choice. However... in the govt run public sector, we will tell the LGBTQ, “I Got It”, “Dont Worry, I Got It” 😉 Stay tuned for my rally on socialism tonight at 7:00 PM PST! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
So i was in Seattle recently and had a chat with a fellow LGBTQ member. we were talking about the bathroom. He was concerned about the cost in the private sector. We came up with a pretty amazing compromise. We decided in the private sector, it will be your choice. But .........^
@alt_localgov @FieryGift To the honorable soldier: A salute. 	Thank you, 	R
Hello everyone! Stay tuned for my next rally. We are going to talk about the nuts and bolts of socialism, and how we might prevent corrupt forms of government from exploiting our vulnerabilities. Whigs 3D (2020)!
“Stand up for what you believe in even if you are standing alone”	-Sophie Scholl
The far left and far right drum up the seductive marches of fascism vs socialism of the 20th century. The center position advocates for innovation, freedom of choice, and a balance between the individual and the community. We can place america at the helm of technology. Purple 3D
@EddiePOnTV Looking fabulous! (2020)
My name: Rudy Atencio. I am a proud member of the LGBTQ community and a survivor of democratic socialism in Venezuela. Socialism in Venezuela oppressed the LGBTQ community, the free press, and universal human rights I am here to warn you of the oppression, we suffered! (2020).
"Absolute power corrupts absolutely": The historian and moralist, who was otherwise known as Lord Acton, expressed this opinion in a letter to Bishop Mandell Creighton in 1887:"Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." Read My Lips! No on Socialism!
In socialism a very small winning coalition rules the populous. You give them absolute power and Absolute power corrupts absolutely!	Tucker takes on Cornel West over Democratic socialism https://t.co/u181ovsJNi via @YouTube
I will fight to fund the redevelopment of Vancouvers financial infrastructure funding visionary initiatives on an industrial level. Im asking you to prepare for the future in smarter eco-conscientious ways that could generate industry. (2020)
The environment is more polluted than ever. Lets set up floating “smart communities” where volunteers can live and explore our oceans, cleaning, recycling plastic, ocean cooling project while mobile. Innovation wins, Smart NGO’s, USAID for our Oceans! Trust! (2020) Purple!
@nowthisnews @IlhanMN Blithely unaware of the S.O.S campaign in Venezuela. In fact, the campaign has persisted now for over ten years. People desperately running from a brutal regime. I know. I lived in Venezuela. Shame on those that try to suppress the cry's for help by the Venezuelan people. (2020)!
@trish_regan My family survived the rise and fall of Venezuelan socialism. I was born in Texas and never thought i would see the day the rise of socialism would affect wall street. I will never let that happen. Prudent capitalism and the anti-corruption-act is what will end this! RUDY WA 3D!
@trish_regan @POTUS America we need to talk. The right of the individual comes into direct conflict with the rights of the community! This is the ultimate paradox where communities are made up of individuals yet the individual would not exist if it were not for the community. Come-Unity = Community!
I have a vision where the fiancial sector and company headquarters root themselves in South Washington, bringing jobs and giving back to our humble communities. Its a vision of a sovereign zone where intellegence matters. Where intellectual property is protected. Uneclipsed 2020!
@charliekirk11 @AOC The “Green New Mess” has managed to screw New Yorkers from the “tippy top to the bitterest bottom”. South Washington will take the deal. Beleive me, well get it done! (2020)!
@AaronRodgers12 The California fires have devastated rural communities. The purple initiative would help restore energy to California homes. Aaron Rodgers has valiantly dedicated himself to help rebuild the infrastructure. Please retweet Aaron Rodgers and his organization, to help fire victims.
RT @AaronRodgers12: Please take a minute to watch this and if you can, take a few seconds to retweet this using the #retweet4good 	All the…
Checkout my vision https://t.co/15MB7uDSfs	I have just launched my campaign for WA U.S. (C) 3D (PRM) (2020). Please show your support for my mission statement and purple initiative. If you are curious about the purple initiative please rewind my twitter feed. Unity! (2020) Trust!
@BillHemmer The socialist agenda is turning NYC from the BIG APPLE to the ROTTEN APPLE. Iron curtain over wall street? lets have a revival of capitalism in south Washington! RUDY WA 3D (2020)!
Our great wall should be the Panama Canal! But i am for increasing border security so long as theres a HUGE GATE. Would not want to be stuck behind it should Socialism erupt from within our own pandoras 📦, electoral college! Purple Capitalism is “better” RUDY WA 3D (2020)!
If “they” are willing to walk all the way here and jump the wall for capitalism, and then sit in a camp for two years, then maybe we should just bring capitalism to “them”! RUDY WA 3D (2020)!
@ZandEDad @sweatsntopknots @SWRiverRat2 @71RepublicMedia @Lurpee @MelissaBeagley @Lija27 @seph_O @DadLivesMatter @jetcupcake @parentingsport @AlienBioBitch @dropsoul @helarctos @StevenHandel @AwesomeLove11 @thomasleeds @Relationquot @Notlazarus 👊🏼
@jamespwhite44 @SenSchumer @SpeakerPelosi @TheDemocrats @SenWarren @SenSanders A solution is to normalize wealth in all of north america and push the spirit of capitalsim all the way to the Panama Canal! Make that the new border and employ and use resources to clean up the corruption at the source of impact in central America. Rudy Wa 3D (2020) Maths says👍
@BillHemmer @AmericaNewsroom Center-Point Wall: Pro: if you build it they will come. Meaning, corporations. Con: If socialism wins, we are stuck behind it. Meaning the wall! It is a double edged sword. It Matters! (2020) Rudy WA 3D
@TeaBoots I see what she is trying to do here. The call for local economic gardening is a noble one. However, talent and skill matters. It appears tha New York has already split the 👶 , if i were Bezos, id get the hell out as well, with that going on in the background! Come to Rudy Wa 3D!
@TeaBoots @Hawkeye42409614 This is not the way to bring innovation to America. My heart aches for a nation i love so dearly. One our grandparents shed blood for in order to guarantee our sovereignty. We can continue to deface each other in a cycle of negative entrapment, or we can change course. Purple2020
The revival of socialism has blindsided the capital sector in America, but I am here to tell you. THIS IS NOT THE END! We are going to have a revival of prudent and responsible capitalism, that will put American interests at the helm of technology.	(2020)
Thanks for attending my Rally and support the Purple Initiative this coming election cycle for (2020)! If you missed the rally please rewind back to this photo! https://t.co/CNPL0V7JpN
We are going to protect religious organizations equally! (2020)
Remember, the Purple initiative  is "In Touch" with global innovation, banking needs, and community sovereignty! (2020)
I am going to fight to protect every point of light highlighted in the constitution including your second amendment! (2020)
We are going to move to a private restroom model in schools and in the public sector! (2020)
We are going to move to insure that teaching methods and standards meet American goals and standards! (2020)
We are going to protect marriage equality within the purple zone! (2020)
Technology is headed into deep sea, and deep space colonization, and we can do it better! (2020)
It will take a sovereign zone to stop cyber bullying! (2020)
We will restructure our sovereign zone, as a global neutral zone that will attract tax free anonymous capital similar to the Swiss model. (2020)
It will take a sovereign zone to break up monopolies re-establish the middle class and re-consumer trust! Sherman anti-trust-act! (2020)
It will take a sovereign zone to rebuild our middle class! (2020)
It will take a sovereign zone to prevent corruption! (2020)
It will take a sovereign zone to push back on tech tyranny	(2020)
It will take a sovereign zone to protect our intellectual property	(2020)
Washington needs the purple initiative. 	(2020)
We need capital stimulus to do this	(2020)
We are in a place in history where we can explore and colonize in a smart clean way, the depths of the oceans and our ambitions for space!	(2020)
We cannot ignore the global rise of technology for if we do, they will come for us. Believe me! Ignoring better options is out of touch!	(2020)
Out of touch goes both ways! We need to link in to the smartest, and most highly sophisticated methods for upgrading our banking and technological infrastructure (2020)
Out of touch, is to ignore better options	(2020)
We are going to reform with an offer for negative interest rates! (2020)
Out of touch is our banking system	(2020)
Out of touch is social oppression	(2020)
If we do not compete on the global scale and bring technology to them, believe me, they will bring it to us. It is of great importance to keep America and south Washington competitive on a  global scale!	(2020)
South Washington is now out of touch with the rise of global technology. We need to embrace an economy that drives technological innovation but promises individual sovereignty! We need to link into better alternatives for fuel, technology, and innovation. (2020)
I am going to fight to create a politically neutral zone in south Washington that is neutral both nationally and globally. It will resemble the Swiss model both financially  (2020)
I am going to fight for the Anti-Corruption-Act please take a look at it and sign it at the modernwhig site	(2020)
We are going to keep America democratic and not socialistic	(2020)
We are going to keep America capitalistic	(2020)
We are going to keep America competitive  (2020)
The rise of socialism on the left and radical forms of nationalism on the right have left some of us homeless. Let’s galvanize and vote in moderates and radical centrists into office as Whigs!  (2020)
Today, we are going to talk about STRUCTURAL BANKING REFORM! For southern Washington (2020)
Today we are going to talk about a key issue that will put southern Washington at the helm of innovation! (2020)
There is a technological explosion happening globally and we should not be left out. The world is changing rapidly around us and we need a plan that will make southern Washington a key player in global capital, investment, and innovation!	(2020)
Southern Washington Desperately Needs an Upgrade! (2020)
Is everyone ready for our WA district 3 Congressional primary rally?	Purple is the color of in Touch! https://t.co/2iYoriSMHN
Hello everyone on the west coast!
Tune in tomorrow, at 7PM PST, where i will address the PURPLE INITIATIVE and some of the ideas we have for STRUCTURAL BANKING REFORM, that in some ways mirrors the Swiss model, while in others it creates a sovereign zone on the west coast free from the eyes and ears of big-tech!
Purple Initiative https://t.co/7fheIzkQ12 via @YouTube
I saw home care delivery personally in poor nations like Antigua and they were able to deliver care on a shoestring budget, so i am with Susan, who is also wearing purple, maybe blue on her home care plan! Home care is better, (2020) https://t.co/M4rloctPMU
Lets make southern Washington an organ to American capitalism. Lets contribute to the american dream by adapting a sovereign tax zone that attracts big business, negative interest rates, and will lay the groundwork for our greener initiative! 2020
Before i leave we will protect marriage equality, and the freedom of religion for all! We are going to treat each other with dignity and respect in public, regardless of gender age and religion! We are going to establish Trust! (2020). If you missed please rewind tho this picture https://t.co/Dgx47IuAUD
Lastly, i will work to protect every single amendment including the second amendment.
Thanks for coming to my small rally! USA!
We are going to move to a Swiss anonymous, sovereign model, that guarantees privacy, liberty, a corruption free zone, and negative interest rates in the purple zone, along with a tax free incentive for banks that will be refunded into your hands! (2020)
The regional capital will be invested into regional projects which will create jobs!	(2020)
I will fight to enrich the community by giving community residents profit sharing, and eliminating federal taxes for banks discretely in the region! We want the Swiss model! (2020)
We will have negative interest rates, and all citizens within the purple region will become much richer from the paid subsidies! (2020)
We are going to create a tax free, region, I will fight to get the federal government to create a tax free purple region in southern Washington that will attract global capital. (2020)
I am going to fight for the anti-corruption-act! If it means putting me in the frying pan, then by all means put me in the frying pan! (2020)
I am going to fight to get us a purple privacy zone. All citizens within the zone would be exempt from privacy encroachments from big tech (2020)
We are going to attract bio tech and high tech into the district (2020)
We are going to attract technological innovation and explore the possibilities for deep sea colonization by doing it smarter! Cleaner! And renewably efficient! Has anyone heard of graphene? Last I heard, it can be used in sheets to filter out the oceans! (2020)
We are going to propose a tax free, banking identity free, zone in southern Washington! (2020)
We need innovation, we need competition, we need energy efficiency, we need sovereignty, we need security, we need prayer, meditation and they, to exist with mutual respect, we need dignity, we need privacy, we need economic gardening and we need prudent capitalism! (2020)
Where policies make sense (2020)
The rise of corrupt forms of governance threaten the ideological enlightened view of the future (2020)
We live in the beginning of the 21st century, ironically it is a time similar to the beginning of the 20th one (2020)
But fair is fair, which is why I am suggesting the “fair share” piece to the purple initiative. (2020)
Divided we fall
United we are undefeatable ... USA
America is becoming unified Unity! (2020) Trust!
America is becoming efficient (2020)
America is becoming enlightened (2020)
Buddha once said “the middle way” is the enlightened way” Our government is made up of red and blue coats. Lately we have been introduced to white coats and purple ties and Whigs. (2020)
Purple is the color of compromise, but ironically enough it is the color of enlightened  (2020)
I chose the color purple for several reasons!
I wanted to gather this small meeting to talk about my new purple initiative https://t.co/KkRSacSSml
Hello World! How are you tonight! I guess im ahead of schedule!
Why should you be paying interest rates when your banks borrow your money? As part of my purple initiative, negative interest rates and the anti corruption act will take center stage. We will get you the money you deserve for taking on the risk of loaning banks your money (2020)!
I am going to offer Negative Interest Rates as part of the Purple Initiative. What if the banks finally paid you on the money you borrowed? Lets bring responsible capitalism back to southern Washington! 2020!
@BReaganite @corennacornwell Hey check out my purple initiative. You might not be in an igloo, but could you see yourself living under water. Graphene, and other new materials might make this possible. My initiative would convert southern Washington into a sovereign zone. Similar, to the Swiss banking model!
@EvonS777 @rosedixontx @SpeakerPelosi @HouseDemocrats We should thank Nancy for her honorable service. However, i think her views, and her style are out of touch with todays needs and interest. Check out my purple initiative, for Washington state. I am wanting to create a sovereign, Swiss model for south Washington PRM 2020 Purple!
A Swiss sovereign banking model is a tax free banking model which would rejuvenate south Washington. Lets start a corruption free and sovereign zone in America. Privacy Matters!	Unity! Sovereignty! Trust!	Whigs! WA PRM (C) #3 (2020)	Purple is Trust (2020)!	12:37 PM - 10 Feb 2019
@tjohara2012 I will thank you for letting me know! Check out my push for a Swiss economic model in Vancouver Washington third district! We are moving for a corruption free, sovereign, and private model in southern Washington!  Purple! (2020) Trust!
The Swiss sovereign banking model is a very interesting model indeed! It is our answer for tomorrow, it rules out laziness and greed!	Unity! Sovereignty! Trust!	Whigs! WA PRM (C) #3 (2020)	Purple is Trust (2020)!	12:37 PM - 10 Feb 2019
Hello Twitter! I need a lawyer for my campaign! Any purples out there?
The Swiss sovereign model a very interesting model indeed! It is our answer for tomorrow, it rules out laziness and greed!	Unity! Sovereignty! Trust!	Whigs! WA PRM (C) #3 (2020)	Purple is Trust (2020)!
I am Running on a SWISS BANKING MODEL! in Southern Washington! Sovereignty! is Trust! 	Unity! (2020) Trust!	12:28 PM - 10 Feb 2019
Hello everyone! Checkout out our Southern Washington push for a Swiss like sovereign model! This will attract tax free banking, and increase the lifestyle and wealth for all citizens. Data Privacy Matters! Sovereignty! 2020 Whigs!	https://t.co/s6gJqk2kZo via @YouTube
My Swiss like Sovereign Banking Deal would help pay for my Purple Initiative! Purple! (2020) Trust!
Radical Centrism is Sovereign! We are moving to a Swiss sovereign model! The Purple Initiative, is Sovereign, The Purple Initiative Is Innovation, The Purple Initiative, will increase wealth for all! The Purple Initiative is (2020) Trust!
The purple initiative, takes Vancouver Washington and all of souther Washington closer to a Swiss sovereign model. Purple! 2020 Whigs!
Creating a sovereign zone, you increase the personal wealth of the community. the term community really means “E Pluribus Unum”, or better said, come-unity! It also attracts wealth for all citizens of the United States within the purple region. All citizens! (2020) Purple! Whigs!
Someone just suggested Chicago style economics. However, my experience living in Venezuela in the eighties is that Chicago economics led to socialism by creating a cycle of positive inflation entrapment. No i think there is a better way! A more trustworthy way! A purple way! 2020
@JackoffJosh711 Hey josh, jump on in the water is lukewarm! Radical Centrism! Anti-Corruption-Act!, Sherman-Anti-Trust-Act. Their Fair Share. Corruption Free Zone, Data Collection Free Zone! Help us un-eclipse America! 	 Trust! (2020) Whigs!
We are going to create a purple corruption free zone in Washington. We are going to create a data collection free zone in Washington. The politics of color and purpose take center stage. Join us, the water is lukewarm. Radical Centrism! Don the Purple! (2020)! Anti Corruption Act
@Sexb4hate Ryan thank you for giving your feedback. Where are you from so that i can mention your ideas in the next twitter rally?
@Sexb4hate Ryan, i will look into the author thank you for the plug on that writer.
@McLaughlinWalt Socialism is born of hunger. Prudent Capitalism, is born from the needs that feed the hungry! My purple initiative targets corruption via the anti corruption act in Southern Washington to prevent the influx of foreign influence on our political stage. Lets create a purple zone!
@Sexb4hate Can you send me a video link sharing your ideas and i will post it to my campaign site. Your voice matters. Trust! 2020 Whigs!
@EddiePOnTV Miss you and Alaskas winding rivers!
The Purple Initiative https://t.co/QAWz85181Q via @YouTube
@GOP @lynn_lescher I feel like Ronna gets the whole purple thing. Purple is the future. Radical Centrism! Trust! 2020 Whigs!
@Sexb4hate As in cutting taxes? I am for keeping the taxes as low as possible but still moving forward technologically.
Socialism is born of hunger. Prudent Capitalism, is born from the needs that feed the hungry! Trust (2020) Whigs!
The rise of purple centrism: A radical move to the center!
Purple is Trust: https://t.co/f4vDuF9838 via @YouTube
The Anti Corruption Act, and the Anti Sherman Act, would trap moral forms of social capital within the two pieces while cuting a distinction between moral and immoral forms. Vote for The “Purple Initiative”. Because “Purple” is innovation Trust! (2020) Whigs!
Hello: For those of you who have just joined into the conversation, I am running for U.S. congress as a radical centrist: Color “Purple” See my message thread for general comments on the purple initiative, and my page for my intellectual points. Trust! (2020) Whigs!
Purple is the color of tomorrow!
THE PURPLE INITIATIVE: WA PRM 2020 Whigs! Lets create a purple corruption free zone in southern Washington. Purple is the color of radical centrism!	 https://t.co/f4vDuF9838 via @YouTube
@realDonaldTrump The rise of radical centrism, don your purple tie or whig, if your a whig like me. Lets create a purple zone in southern Washington state. While the iron curtain looms over wall street, lets have a revival of prudent capitalism on market street! Anti corruption Act. Trust! 2020!
Lets celebrate the Rise of Radical Centrism 🎉🎉🦹🏿‍♂️🦸🏻‍♀️🦸‍♂️🦹🏽‍♀️ 🎉🎉 Join the New Purple Initiative! Purple (2020) Whigs!
Check out the New Purple Initiative! (2020) Whigs!
Campaign Funds Should Only Be Community Driven. Purple! (2020) Trust!
Help me create a purple corruption free zone in southern washington. Purple Initiative. Purple! (2020) Wins!
There is a move towards the radical center right now! PURPLE, is the color of tomorrow. So how do we show off our colors. D0 we do it with a purple whig, tie, or cufflinks? Join the PURPLE initiative! Unity! (2020) Whigs! Inclusion Wins!
@LazyMeatball I am proposing a corruption free zone in southern Washington. Although i have allot of respect for the incumbent who has done a superb job so far and i applaud her. I have a vision that could take us into the future with a new capitalistic model. Wa PRM (2020) Purple Initiative.
For my purple intiative, I AM PROPOSING, a corruption free zone! Unity! (2020) Whigs!
@KMGGaryde @PatrioticCindy Ocasio is a dreamer. This nation is made up of people who share a dream for a better way of life. She may fail at first, but with some good alliances, and some changes to the plan that switch it from a job killer to a job maker, she may get a good deal. Purple! (2020) Whigs!
@realDonaldTrump @_realBlackTrump This is why we need a good comprehensive plan like the Purple Initiative in WA. Congress! 2020 Whigs!
@RyanAFournier @milosycophant Great example of 2 ultimate paradoxes. The individual vs the community (The disenfranchised) and principle vs compromise (Temptation). Like any good biological lump of mass, she found a vacuum, and existed in that vacuum for years. Now she wants out of that vacuum. Forgiveness??
This is why my "Purple Initiative" targets the unlawful gathering and sales of private information. A picture is worth a thousand words. Mutual assent, is moral. 	Are Jeff Bezos' privacy invasion claims against National Enquirer hypocr... https://t.co/BfhnU2HScF via @YouTube
@marklevinshow Check put my purple initiative! Whigs (c) PRM wa 2020
Thanks for attending the rally! Trust! (2020) Whigs! https://t.co/uZSz8gYloI
Please further the purple ad if you like the purple initiative and let other people know about our mission to serve Washington’s third district Trust! (2020) Whigs!
Lastly we are going to protect marriage, and religion but we will have to learn to treat each other with dignity and respect in public Trust! (2020) Whigs!
We are going to repeal laws that propagate cultural violence Trust! (2020) Whigs!
We are going to invest in safer ways of educating our children like online formats that are more interactive Trust! (2020) Whigs!
The purple initiative will cultivate a culture of competition and reward but will also have a safety net, of restorative justice and work introduction programs should you slip through the cracks. Trust! (2020) Whigs!
We are going to get private stalls, privacy measures meant to guard our sovereignty. Trust! (2020) Whigs!
Privacy, down to the most personal level! Trust! (2020) Whigs!	Privacy that pushes back on tech tyranny, while preserving their integrity within our infrastructure!
We are talking about privacy online, in our chat rooms if we want, and strict privacy measure will be put in place to guard us from potential hackers and those who wish to attack our digital infrastructure. Trust! (2020) Whigs!
The purple initiative also addresses privacy. Trust! (2020) Whigs!
It Matters! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
If we pass the anti-corruption-act, we can eliminate the temptations of corrupt socialism and crony capitalism and take this county, and state away from the influence of narrow interest and place them on an even keel. Trust! (2020) Whigs!
Corrupt Socialism creates nothing more than white noise to drown out the voices of the oppressed.  Trust! (2020) Whigs!
Monopolies and crony capitalism violate that trust.  Trust! (2020) Whigs!
Trust Matters! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
Corrupt Capitalism will not survive under the threat of socialism, which is why we must pass the anti-corruption-act. This is why we must enact the Sherman-Anti-Trust Act! If we do this we thwart the rise of corrupt forms of government! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
We are going to invite innovative manufacturing for e-commerce on an industrial level Trust! (2020) Whigs!
We are going to overhaul our digital infrastructure in an energy efficient and industrial level! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
We are going to enact deep water colonization in a prudent-industrial level! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
We are going to enact deep space exploration on a prudent-industrial level! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
We are going to upgrade our infrastructure on a prudent-industrial level! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
We are going to produce energy on an industrial level! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
This is a comprehensive package that delivers an energy hybrid that would upgrade our grid, and we need to do it on an industrial level! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
The Columbia gorge is one of the windiest places on earth, and one of the sunniest places in the summer! California needs us right now. Their infrastructure has been destroyed from fires and destruction. We can sell California energy! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
Washington has energy potential. Trust! (2020) Whigs!
I realized something in that moment. If I could step out of that moment I would say, I realized Ocasio has taped into the needs of her community! I applaud her for that! However, the needs of new Yorkers are not the needs of southern Washington. Trust! (2020) Whigs
Why do you think she stopped me? It’s because she doesn’t care what I think about Ocasio she only cares about what I think can make her life and the life of the community better! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
The Purple Initiative is it! It breeds cooperation with disenfranchised communities. I had a revelation today on Ocasio’s dream. I was criticizing her on my way out of the electric company.  The cashier stopped me! Trust! (2020) Whigs! https://t.co/Xn6LeGQB9l
How do we balance these two economies? Trust! (2020) Whigs!
We now have two types of economies. E commerce and traditional commerce. E-commerce is pluralistic and traditional is individualistic or sovereign. Trust! (2020) Whigs!
Let’s start a revival of commerce on market street while wall-street figures out …. What the hell is going on here? Trust! (2020) Whigs!
Have any of you been to market street? It’s in San Francisco, and it could be the new hub of commerce! Trust! (2020) Whigs!
America is in the midst of an economic war. The iron curtain looms over wall street. Market street hangs in the balance. Trust! (2020) Whigs!
How many of you are scared? How many of you are wondering what is happening here? Trust! (2020) Whigs!
The dragons of corrupt socialism have collided with the lions of corrupt capitalism Trust! (2020) Whigs!
The Purple Initiative
The Purple Initiative https://t.co/FTXJOtRW5B via @YouTube
Hello everyone out there in the twittersphere! I want to thank twitter first of all for providing such an innovative way to hold rallies! Trust (2020) Whigs! https://t.co/heFWsDFdvW
Tune in tonight at 5:00 pm PST when i will begin to unveil my Purple Initiative. Energy, Vision, Trust! Whigs (2020) Wa PRM 	The Purple Initiative https://t.co/FTXJOtRW5B via @YouTube
Tyrany does not build great nations!
The Revolution That Shaped Russia https://t.co/VpUaPKiX3I via @NatGeo	America what have we done. The similarities between Russia 1917 and the US 2017. We can stop this Unity! (2020) Whigs!
Color Politics, and twitter rallies tonight! Check out my “Purple Initiative” Unity! (2020) Whigs! 5:00 pm PST on my twitter feed
@SenatorCollins @SenatorShaheen Ive decided to rename my “Purple Deal” the “PURPLE INITIATIVE” Unity! 2020 Whigs! Check out some of the highlights in my “purple initiative” tonight 5:00 Pm PST Wa PRM Unity! (2020) Whigs!
@ChrisCoons @AP @evanvucci Although GHW said thousand points of light splashed across our skies, what he meant is that those points are highlighted within our social contract. The American Constitution, which gurantees us civil liberties, that shed light on the dragons of socialism and oppression. W (2020)
Although GHW said thousand points of light splashed across our skies, what he meant is that those points are highlighted within our social contract. The American Constitution, which gurantees us civil liberties, that shed light on the dragons of socialism and oppression. W (2020)
Good Morning Whigs! Our Mission: To defend the thousand point of light highlighted in our constitution, to slow the wheels of civil war, and to weaken corruption in America. We value all parties and encourage you to don the whig from within your party, Unity! (2020) Whigs!
Ive decided to rename my “Purple Deal” the “PURPLE INITIATIVE” Unity! 2020 Whigs!
@KrisJenner @KimKardashian @FallonTonight @jimmyfallon Tune in tonight at 5:00 pm PST for the new Purple Incentive Deal! Dont fall for the green new deal it is meant to defund capitalism! Vision! 2020 whigs!
Please tune in tonight to my twitter feed where i will be unveiling the new “purple incentive comprehensive deal”. It addresses economic gardening and the environment. 5:00 PM PST Unity! 2020 Whigs! Wa PRM
@RepTedDeutch So let me get this straight, AOC wants to get rid of transportation (keeping us disconnected) and get rid of our cows (or food) and over tax us? Thats because poor disconected hungry people make bad revolutionaries. Whigs 2020!
@seewhatsnext @AOC @CoriBush @amy4thepeople @paulajean2020 So let me get this straight, AOC wants to get rid of transportation (keeping us disconnected) and get rid of our cows (or food) and over tax us? Thats because poor disconected hungry people make bad revolutionaries. Whigs 2020!
@KimStrassel So let me get this straight, AOC wants to get rid of transportation (keeping us disconnected) and get rid of our cows (or food) and over tax us? Thats because poor disconected hungry people make bad revolutionaries. Whigs 2020!
@AmericaFirstPAC @AOC @SpeakerPelosi The Green New Deal, is a sneaky way of wrapping up socialism inside of an eco-deal. Dont fall for it. It is a sneaky way of defunding our economy. OAC’s agenda will defund capitalism so that we may fall into the socalist safety net, set up to collect those left on the loosing end
@SeanParnellUSA @AOC The Green New Deal, is a sneaky way of wrapping up socialism inside of an eco-deal. Dont fall for it. It is a sneaky way of defunding our economy. OAC’s agenda will defund capitalism so that we may fall into the socalist safety net, set up to collect those left on the loosing end
The Green New Deal, is a sneaky way of wrapping up socialism inside of an eco-deal. Dont fall for it. It is a sneaky way of defunding our economy. OAC’s agenda will defund capitalism so that we may fall into the socalist safety net, set up to collect those left on the loosing end
My Movie 4  Small https://t.co/sZUGzUeNBk via @YouTube
My friend in a socialist country just sent me this. "I live in the soulless country so I cannot tell another about my ideology, if I did that I have high possible will go to jail or dead by accident. I only can find help from the U.S." This is the type of brutality we must resist
@Danager27 @Maggieb1B So let me get this straight, AOC wants to get rid of transportation (keeping us disconnected) and get rid of our cows (or food) and over tax us? Thats because poor disconected hungry people make bad revolutionaries. Whigs 2020! Any Question?
@ryangrim @AOC So let me get this straight, AOC wants to get rid of transportation (keeping us disconnected) and get rid of our cows (or food) and over tax us? Thats because poor disconected hungry people make bad revolutionaries. Whigs 2020! Any questions?
@NPRinskeep @NPR @AOC @MorningEdition So let me get this straight, AOC wants to get rid of transportation (keeping us disconnected) and get rid of our cows (or food) and over tax us? Thats because poor disconected hungry people make bad revolutionaries. Whigs 2020! 🤓
@Reuters So let me get this straight, AOC wants to get rid of transportation (keeping us disconnected) and get rid of our cows (or food) and over tax us? Thats because poor disconected hungry people make bad revolutionaries. Whigs 2020!
@IngrahamAngle @mercedesschlapp @RandPaul So let me get this straight, AOC wants to get rid of transportation (keeping us disconnected) and get rid of our cows (or food) and over tax us? Thats because poor disconected hungry people make bad revolutionaries. Whigs 2020! Hmmm
@Norm_De_Guerre @AOC The Iron Curtain Looms Over Wall Street. Take a look at my plan. Whigs 2020
@PatrioticCindy @JackArnett11 The iron curtain of socialism looms over wall street! This is why we need a revival of prudent capitalism on market street. Wa PRM 2020
@IngrahamAngle THE IRON CURTAIN MAY COME DOWN OVER WALL STREET BUT LETS HAVE A REVIVAL OF PRUDENT CAPITAL ON MARKET STREET. Wa Wigs PRM 2020!
@JeffBezos The rise of socialism threatens all of us. Especially those at the top who suddenly find themselves on the outside of the small, elite cronies driving the agenda. Whigs PRM 2020!
@NPRinskeep @NPR @AOC @MorningEdition READ MY LIPS !!!!! No on socialism! Whigs 2020 Wa PRM
@Reuters READ MY LIPS!!!!! No on socialism! Whigs Wa PRM 2020
lets get away from socialism check out our campaign mission statement. Whigs 2020
WHILE OCASIO CORTEZ BRINGS THE IRON CURTAIN DOWN OVER WALL STREET LETS HAVE A REVIVAL OF RESPOSIBLE CAPITALISM ON MARKET STREET. LEFT COAST WHIGS 2020!
@Mike_Beacham WHILE THE IRON CURTAIN COMES DOWN OVER WALL STREET LETS HAVE A REVIVAL OF PRUDENT CAPITALISM ON MARKET STREET! WHIGS 2020 PRM WA
@suzydymna WHILE THE IRON CURTAIN DESCENDS OVER WALL STREET, LETS REVIVE MARKET STREET, AND GET WITH THE PRUDENT CAPITALISM MODEL! VOTE FOR ME CONGRESS PRM WA 2020 WHIGS!
Hello everyone from the left coast! Our next rally will be friday. i am going to bring up controversy. We are going to have a focused discussion on socialism and masculinity. Why defacing is a transformative method used to convert YOU! from individualism to pluralism. Unity 2020
@KasiaMichalska_ @carryonkeith @mrjamesob It Matters! check out my It Matters! campaign. I am looking for people to turn in videographies, of themselves answering three key issues. All the info is on my congressional campaign ad to fight the rise of corrupt socialism and help guide prudent capitalism. Unity (2020) Whigs!
@BuzzFeedNews @chente2474 The Democrats are more divided than ever. Clearly there is a “revival” of socialism in America, and while we were all blindsided by it, the democrats have cut a distinction in this photo between the “social democrats” and the last ones holding on to democracy. Whigs PRM 2020! Wa.
As we kick off our campaign today we prepare to start our journey towards stoping the wheels of crony capitalism and corrupt socialism. Check out the finished campaign site along with my mission statement. You can access the link on my twitter home page. Whigs (C) PRM (2020).
@michellemalkin Its All Identity and No Substance. I know what will engage people civically. Try innovation, vision, a path towards a better tomorrow! Whigs PRM Washington (2020)
What is Crony Capitalism? https://t.co/rvBSf4COiZ via @YouTube
We are going to produce so much energy we will have to sell it to California. Stay tuned coming up next is a another grassroots home made political ad. Please send me your ads, and check out our campaign site, on my twitter feed and take a look at our collection of opinions(2020)
Thank you for attending todays rally! If you missed the rally just scroll back until you see this same rally poster!	Unity! Sovereignty! Whigs! (2020) https://t.co/oAjoEvc4SL
So what would underwater colonization look like? We need to compete, we need innovation, we are going to explore and develop America in ways you could only had dreamed of, 20 years ago. We are the future! (2020) https://t.co/FicVvmouvJ
Because It Matters! (2020) https://t.co/bOyslYHPfp
Our way of life is moral! (2020)
Our Constitution is our doctrine! (2020)
Sign our anti-corruption act (2020)
We need to resist the drum marches of corrupt capitalism and corrupt socialism (2020)
We need a party that will serve the needs and interest of the 21st century without violating our sense of Unity, Sovereignty, or overriding our individual needs. (2020)
We need to position ourselves at the helm of innovation and resource development. (2020)
We are already in the middle of a war, it’s an economic war, and it’s a war for global positioning (2020)
We are not going to be left behind by corrupt politics (2020)
Other Nations are doing it! (2020)
A New Smart Way of Life! (2020)
Oh but there is more! (2020)
What is graphene? https://t.co/ClWFqraXCX via @YouTube
Well you haven’t heard about graphene! (2020)
Sound like a pie in the sky? (2020)
These are all good questions we can figure out in congress, but we are going to move forward! (2020)
Would it be for military purposes only? (2020)
Who would build it? (2020)
Who would sell the property? (2020)
Jobs created (2020)
I show you this because some people, already have this. (2020)
So I thought to myself what would an underwater development look like? (2020)
The Whigs anti-corruption act (2020)
Innovative large medium and small size firms (Sherman Anti-Trust-Act!) (2020)
Bring in Hi-Tech Development! (2020)
It’s a message of high tech development and universal energy! (2020)
America Deserves to Explore its Fullest Potential! (2020)
So I heard about graphene and underwater homes where you can see the fish and sharks swim by your living room window, and thought, my god. There is the answer to China! China has been building islands, but we can claim subsurface rights by civilizing our oceans! (2020)
The Integrated Grid: Enabling High Reliability for Consumers https://t.co/8ObVZM0MuN via @YouTube
We are going to give tax incentives to large business and small alike to help infuse our energy grid with a system that is self sufficient (2020)
We are going to develop and diversify our energy grid! (2020)
We are going smart! (2020)
I just told them yes! Let’s see what they say!!!! (2020)
I don’t want to do it alone! (2020)
I think this could be the start of a long road to congress (2020)
Of course I can run as a Whig (2020)
They called me today, I don’t know I looked at their site it had allot of innovative ideas linked to energy development. I said, so can I run as a Whig for your party? What do you think they said? (2020)
So I heard of the Party the American Alliance Party! (2020)
Cooperation Breeds Ingenuity! (2020)
Hello Everyone on the Left Coast! Lets get started!	What did you think of that speech!!!	USA USA USA USA USA UNITY!!!!!	But what about sovereignty? 	The Socialists were all having a revival dressed in white. Right? https://t.co/QnS3nLTMKe
My Movie 4  Small https://t.co/sZUGzUeNBk via @YouTube
Checkout this blog https://t.co/15MB7uDSfs
Hello Everyone,	Get ready for our twitter rally! We are going to get Whigs Elected! (2020)	Our twitter rally will start in 30 mins! 	UNITY! VISION! WHIGS! https://t.co/J0vv9zveAp
The message unfolds! (2020)	Movie on 1 24 19 at 6 51 PM https://t.co/tUqWguwYlX via @YouTube
WELCOME TO THE FIRST DAY OF MY FULL CAMPAIGN! UNITY! SOVEREIGNTY! WHIGS! (2020) 	Check out my site as my whole message has just unfolded. Let me know if our message will make your world better!
@CNNSotu @jaketapper The Democrat Party is more divided than ever. It was apparent last night when the social Dems wore all white. I would guess the more conservative dems are looking for an offloading ramp. Well then, come on over to the Whig Party, hystory, is on your side. (2020) PRM Whigs!
RT @rudy_atencio: My Movie 4  Small https://t.co/sZUGzUeNBk via @YouTube
Unity! Vision! Whigs!
God Bless America! Unified We Are Free!
RT @rudy_atencio: https://t.co/gFWkIx9SXR
RT @CryptoAlex_: Be the good influence in someone else’s life
@carolin33095937 Caroline you seem like a wonderful, cultured, and educated lady. I am delighted to meet you!
@CarterCenter https://t.co/lajXgzzOhy
@CarterCenter https://t.co/rXtU2AGKoC	Socialism is not American!
@MatlockFletcher @molratty I Hear You! 	Im with you  	mind, prayer, and meditation. Let me know you are ok.
My Movie 4  Small https://t.co/sZUGzUeNBk via @YouTube
@CaliDeplorable @DrSueDVM @TheDemocrats @staceyabrams https://t.co/papelORPMP
@CIA @SylkeFoubert https://t.co/papelORPMP
@RealMattCouch @DrSueDVM https://t.co/papelORPMP
@cher My name is Rudy, i am an LGBTQ America, and i am the Whig candidate (2020) PRM Congress Wa
RT @rudy_atencio: Movie on 2 2 19 at 10 07 AM https://t.co/kGMhnMLgjI via @YouTube
@SecPompeo @PoliticalShort Democratic nations tend to not war with each other. Freedom of choice, reflects true democratic ideology. If they are free to choose, how would that freedom of a self governed social contract affect them on a personal level. Stories Matter, NGO, Narrative approach! Whigs (2020) C
https://t.co/gFWkIx9SXR
@WayneDupreeShow For Moderates: Join the Whig Party! Were back, from the ashes of the American civil war. My name is Rudy, i am an LGBTQ America, and i am the Whig candidate! Help us defeat corrupt capitalism and corrupt socialism in the Washington State Congressional PRM (2020).
@MMFlint For moderates, Join the Whig Party (2020) were back! My name is Rudy, and i am an LGBTQ American, and i am running for Congress!
@IngrahamAngle @MsGladysKnight https://t.co/jJib32YnAe
Venezuela https://t.co/jJib32GMIG
@gregoryhetzer God bless our American soldiors that served the purpouse of freedom with so much humility and dedication to their vision of liberty!
RT @gregoryhetzer: Made are way to the great ARLINGTON CEMETERY picked up a couple buddies JFK !!! The spirits of the past! then off to the…
@ScottPresler I know the feeling!
Movie on 2 2 19 at 10 07 AM https://t.co/kGMhnMLgjI via @YouTube
Hello everyone: Thank you for attending yesterdays rally. Our third rally will be Weds Feb 6th 2019. I will unveil my vision for the Whig party in the future. Emphasis on the word “future”. I have a vision that will stimulate the economy. VISION: “OCEANIC CIVILIAN COLONIZATION”.
Hello Twitter! I need campaign volunteers! Anyone who wants to help me restore the whig party, please email me on twiter. Lets get that congressional seat and elect more moderates!
@TheBushCenter @iTunes Our farming industry is extremely important. So is an innovative approach like robotic bees or a diversified energy grid or revamped oil and gas that produces green instead of older emissions (whigs) 2020! PRM US Congress Washington!
@DHADirector @TeamGeorgeP @USNavy @georgepbush Vets are extremely important to our nation. God Bless America.  (Whigs 2020)
@PhillyD Cheer up they may have deleted you but i just added you 🙏 god bless
@PhillyD bummer man. Im with you, forgiveness is a message thats been lost with he last generation.
@RealMattCouch Hey, i am a Whig candidate, i found your page and admire the message. Help us restore this historic party.
@jasonagastrich Hi Jason, Join our party
@KAG4All @jdogg1955 @realDonaldTrump @NIVPsalm8412 @Trump454545 @Lady_Vi_2U @carrieksada1 @LVNancy @Maggieb1B @FriendlyJMC @daGrizzman @pinkk9lover Vote Whigs (2020) https://t.co/W9gFRs94fH
Civic Engagement!	https://t.co/dM8U0VUHNq
For those of you that watched the rally live and want to watch another live rally, via my twitter feed please stay tuned. Our next twitter rally will be weds the sixth. Lets get (Whigs) back in office!
IF YOU MISSED THE RALLY PLEASE SCROLL BACK TO THE FIRST IT MATTERS WHIG MASCOT OR OWL, AND READ THE THREAD BACKWARDS TO THE TOP. IT LOOKS LIKE THE PICTURE IN THIS MESSAGE https://t.co/FGjGd9GYhy
THANKS AGAIN FOR ATTENDING MY RALLY (2020)
LINCOLN’S PARTY NEEDS YOU! (2020)
THAT WE ALL FEEL! (2020)
IS THE GLUE (2020)
RELIGION LOVE AND FAMILY (2020)
THE AMERICAN DREAM IS REAL (2020)
RAISE YOUR BOOTSTRAPS (2020)
SILENCED NEVER AGAIN (2020)
LOVE FREEDOM AND WILL (2020)
VALLEY OF THE KINGS (MLK)  (2020)
CITY ON THE HILL (2020)
FREEDOM WILL AND GRACE (2020)
WE ARE AMERICANS (2020)	............
WE ARE DOVES (2020)
WE ARE WARRIORS ! (2020)
IT MATTERS ! (2020) https://t.co/QivUKeX6kM
BECAUSE! (2020)
FORGIVENESS MATTERS ! (2020)	............
NOW THAT’S JUST PLAIN RUDE! (2020)
WHEN PEOPLE AND RACES AND RELIGIONS APOLOGIZE YOU DON’T TURN ARROUND AND SLAP THEM IN THE FACE!  (2020)
https://t.co/tfCRNzASeF
FORGIVENESS MATTERS! (2020)	..................
TONE MATTERS! (2020)
STOPS WHERE NOSES BEGIN! (2020)
THE RIGHT TO SWING OUR FISTS ! (2020)
https://t.co/e6sE5GzCmm
SOCIALISM MATTERS ! (2020)
FREEDOM MATTERS ! (2020)
HISTORY MATTERS ! (2020) https://t.co/UOZVvupuat
REBELLIONS MATTER ! (2020)
TAXES MATTER ! (2020)
PERCEPTIONS MATTER ! (2020)
WE MAY BE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT! (2020)
FOR IF WE DO NOT LEARN IT!  (2020)
https://t.co/piaQQmK15F
FORGIVENESS MATTERS! (2020)
WE FORGAVE THE GERMANS, BUT WE CAN’T FORGIVE OURSELVES? (2020)
HISTORY IS FORGIVING! (2020)
SECURITY PEACE AND STABILITY! (2020)
HISTORY IS DIGNITY! (2020)
HISTORY IS TRUTH! (2020)
HISTORY IS REFLECTION! (2020)
https://t.co/pytRLjTwrK
TONE DOES MATTER! (2020)
AMERICAN UPSET IS REAL! (2020)
SOCIALISM IS REAL! (2020)
SOCIALISM IS SLAVERY! (2020)
SOCIALISM IS SAD (2020)
SOCIALISM IS MAD (2020)
SOCIALISM IS BAD (2020)
OUR VOICES SILENCED (2020)
THEY WILL ATTACK (2020)
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE (2020)
SOCIALISM WILL TAX (2020)
IF YOU DO’NT AGREE (2020)
THEY WILL LABEL YOU AN EGOTISTICAL WHATEVER (2020)
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH SOCIALISM (2020)	....
THEY WILL LABLE YOU A RACIST! (2020)
THEIR TACTICS CLEAR: IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH SOCIALISM (2020)
END CORRUPT CAPITALISM (2020)
STOP CORRUPT SOCIALISM (2020)
STUDENT LOAN PAYBACK DEAL (2020)
DOMESTIC ECONOMIC GARDENING (2020)
RENEWABLE ENERGY INDUSTRY (2020)
BUSINESS INCENTIVE DEAL (2020)
DIVIDED WE FALL! (2020).
ONE! BIG! TENT! PARTY! (2020)
LET’S CONSOLIDATE THE PARTIES (2020)
WIN BIG WHIGS (2020)
GREEN-WING TO OIL AND GAS INDUSTRY (2020)
REVAMPING OUR LARGE REFINERIES (2020)
FOSSIL-FUEL REDEVELOPMENT STIMULOUS (2020)
SOLAR-WIND FOR SMALL BUSINESS (2020)
WE CAN SELL ENERGY 2 CALIFORNIA (2020)
END ELECTRIC DEPENDENCE (2020)
ENVIRONMENTAL REJUVINATION ACT (2020)
DIVIDED WE FALL (2020)
ANTI CORRUPTION ACT (2020)
READ MY LIPS! (2020)
CREATING NEW JOBS (2020)
RESTORING THE MIDDLE CLASS (2020)
THE SELL OFF WOULD DIVERSIFY OUR ECONOMY (2020)
GIVE CEO’S THEIR FAIR “SHARE” (2020)
CREATE A WIN-WIN, (2020)
BREAK UP MONOPOLIES (2020)
SHERMAN ANTITRUST ACT (2020)
WE HAVE BETTER TOOLS (2020)
AS AMERICAN CITIZENS WE WANT PRUDENT CAPITALISM IN THE HALLS OF FREEDOM AND IMPLORE OUR OFFICIALS TO RELEASE US FROM THE TEMPTATION TO ENSLAVE OUR FAMILIES AND CHILDREN WITH THE DRAGONS OF SOCIALISM (2020)	Jesus only wanted 10%
OUR SECURITY PEACE AND STABILITY (2020)
HISTORY IS DIGNITY (2020)
HISTORY IS TRUTH (2020)
HISTORY IS REFLECTION (2020)
SOCIALISM: IS TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION! (2020)		BECAUSE THERE IS A DESIRE TO TAX US, WITHOUT REPRESENTING OUR NEEDS AND INTEREST, I AM INVOKING THE NEED FOR THE WHIGS TO RETURN TO AMERICAN POLITICS! (2020)
OCASIOS TEAM! (2020)
WHO WANTS THE RUTHLESS RULE? (2020)	.
OH NO NOT ME! (2020)	......................................
YOU STAND FOR RUTHLESS RULE? (2020)	................
OH NO NOT ME! (2020)	.........
YOU STAND FOR RUTHLESS RULE? (2020)
OUR FAMILY! (2020)	..........................
WHO WANTS TO SERVE THE FREE? (2020)
OH YEAH THAT’S ME! (2020)	......................
YOU LIKE TO SERVE THE FREE? (2020)	....
OH YEAH THAT’S ME! (2020)...
YOU LIKE TO SERVE THE FREE? (2020
DEMOCRACY! (2020)	...........
WHO WANTS TO MARRY FREE? (2020)
OH YEAH WE NEED! (2020)	....
PROTECT TO MARRY FREE? (2020)	.
OH YEAH WE NEED! (2020)
PROTECT TO MARRY FREE? (2020)
DEMOCRACY! (2020)
WHO SERVES ON BENDED KNEE? (2020)
OH YEAH BABY! (2020)	.......
PRESERVE FROM SEA TO SEA? (2020)	.
OH YEAH BABY! (2020)
PRESERVE FROM SEA TO SEA? (2020)
OUR FAMILIES! (2020)
WHO WANTS RELIGION HERE? (2020)	......
OH YEAH THAT’S ME! (2020).	.
U WANT RELIGION HERE? (2020)	.....
OH YEAH THAT’S ME! (2020)	....
U WANT RELIGION HERE? (2020)	.
COMMUNITY CHURCHES DEMOCRACY! (2020)	.
WHO HOLDS THEIR TEMPLES DEAR! (2020)	.
OH NO BABY! (2020)	.
U SCARED OF TEMPLES HERE? (2020)
OH NO BABY! (2020).
U SCARED OF TEMPLES HERE? (2020)...
AMERICAN DEMOCRACY! (2020)..
WHOS DOWN WITH TEMPLES HERE? (2020).
OH YEAH THAT’S ME! (2020)	.
YOU DOWN WITH CHURCHES TOO? (2020)	.
YEAH YOU KNOW ME! (2020)	.
YOU DOWN WITH CHURCHES TOO? (2020)
ONLY RESPONSIBLY! (2020)	.
WHOS DOWN WITH CAPITAL? (2020 .
OH YEAH THAT’S ME? (2020)
YOU DOWN WITH CAPITAL? (2020)
OH YEAH THAT’S ME! (2020)
U DOWN WITH CAPITAL? (2020)
THE AMERICAN INDUSTRY! (2020)
WHO WANTS A SMART WALL STREET? (2020
YEAH MAYBE! (2020)
U DOWN WITH BIG WALL STREET? (2020).
COULD BE MAYBE! (2020)
U DOWN WITH BIG WALL STREET? (2020)
U READY TO GET STARTED!! (2020)
GOOD EVENING EVERYONE FROM THE WEST COAST! (2020)
https://t.co/SvFiNlFmGQ
HELLO EVERYONE FROM THE WEST COAST! WE ARE JUST ONE HOUR AWAY FROM OUR SECOND TWITTER RALLY. I WILL MESSAGE ALLOT AS MY FORMAT FOR THE RALLY IN A "RALLY STYLE MESSAGE THREAD". JUST KEEP IN MIND IT WILL END PROMPTLY WITH THE END OF OUR TWITTER RALLY. LOOKING FORWARD TO IT! 5 PST https://t.co/RdQOqMtXHX
RT @rudy_atencio: Hello Everyone,	My name is Rudy and i am the Whig candidate. Please watch my 2 short videos posted before our rally tonig…
Hello Everyone,	My name is Rudy and i am the Whig candidate. Please watch my 2 short videos posted before our rally tonight on Unity!. It is my analysis of what i have seen on the community and regional levels. God Bless America!
@realDonaldTrump Unity! (2020) Whigs!
For those of you who would like my views on Venezuela, please see the following link (Whigs 2020!)	https://t.co/lajXgzzOhy
RT @rudy_atencio: Thank you for attending my twitter rally.... We will hold another one soon. Meanwhile, i would like to see more whigs eme…
RT @tweetipy: @timrgill happy playful new year kids! https://t.co/07VXgCKvKc
Thank you for attending my twitter rally.... We will hold another one soon. Meanwhile, i would like to see more whigs emerge in your state and local government.
@SenTomCotton @DanaAllen1977 Unity! Whigs! Tradition! (2020)
@fatherhoops @cipherguy Unity! Whigs! Tradition! (2020)
Americas! Survival! Matters! (2020)
Americas! Success! Matters! (2020)
Americas! Brave! Matter! (2020)
Americas! Feeble! Matter! (2020)
Americas! Weak! Matter! (2020)
American! Jobs! Matter! (2020)
American! Manufacturing! Matters! (2020)
American! Farmers! Matter! (2020)
@PineWoodsRunner Grass! Roots! Whigs! (2020)
@DevinNunes @FLConserve941 Grass! Roots! Whigs! (2020)
Grass! Roots! Whigs! (2020)
Out! Of! Many! (2020)	We! Became! One! (2020)
Whigs! Have! Returned! (2020)
We! Are! Brave! (2020)
We! Are! Free! (2020)
Americans! Regain! Control! (2020)
Wake! Everyone! Up! (2020)
We! Want! Freedom! (2020)
Wake! Up! America! (2020)
Whigs! Awake! America! (2020)
Big! Tent! Party! (Whigs 2020)
America! Does! Matter! (2020)
@nerd_ginger @Franklin_Graham @BillyGraham Religious! Freedom! Allways! (2020)	I hear you 🙏 (2020)
E Pluribus Unum!
No! More! Corruption! (2020)
Pray! For! America! (2020)
No! More! Racism! (2020)
No! More! Shame! (2020)
No! More! Hate! (2020)
No! More! Fear! (2020)
Trump! Pelosi! Whigs! (2020)
@GeneBrownUSA Welcome gene. I am begining a live campaign via twitter. We will meet occasionally on twitter live for caucusing, and live public meetings. Join the Whigs!
America! Will! Survive! (2020)
Liberty! Guarantees! Happiness! (2020)
Land! Of! Freedom!
RT @rudy_atencio: We! Are! Americans! (2020)
@BrodyismeFriend @mikeheck40 We! The! People! (2020)
America! Prevails! Again! (2020)
We! Are! Americans! (2020)
History! Tradition! Liberty! (2020)
God! Bless! America! (2020)
Out of many, we are one! (2020)
@ChuckGrassley Grass! Roots! Whigs! (2020)
@ChuckGrassley America! Dreams! Whigs! (2020)
@SenatorShaheen @SenatorCollins Roots! Identity! Whigs! (2020)
@SenatorCollins @SenDougJones Liberty! Freedom! Whigs! (2020)
@SebGorka @truth_pray Liberty! Freedom! America! (2020) 	                  (Whig)
@JudgeJeanine @Lewenskimo @RashidaTlaib Liberty! Freedom! Unity! (2020)
@FreedomForce_CA @mick12346 Freedom! Whigs! America! (2020)
RT @rudy_atencio: Lincoln! Whigs! America! (2020)
RT @rudy_atencio: @libertycaucus  Liberty! Freedom! America! (2020)
RT @rudy_atencio: @TRUMPARMY2020 @LordByron2715 @VOCRadioRobDoc @AppSame America! Dreams! Liberty! (2020)
RT @rudy_atencio: @usminority @realDonaldTrump You! Me! They! (2020)
RT @GoldenDreams50: @gaye_gallops @_realBlackTrump Our country!	Our laws!	Our way of life!	Long live the U.S.A.!
Religion! Freedom! Country! (2020)
@usminority @realDonaldTrump You! Me! They! (2020)
@TRUMPARMY2020 @LordByron2715 @VOCRadioRobDoc @AppSame America! Dreams! Liberty! (2020)
@TuckerCarlson America! Dreams! Liberty! (2020)
@TuckerCarlson Elizabeth! Warren! Awkward! (2020)
@TuckerCarlson We! the! People! (2020)
America! Dreams! Liberty! (2020)
@IngrahamAngle @HowardSchultz @JussieSmollett America! Dreams! Liberty! (2020)
@IngrahamAngle @HowardSchultz @JussieSmollett Stop! Industrial! Caravans! (2020)
@libertycaucus  Liberty! Freedom! America! (2020)
Stop! Industrial! Caravans! (2020)
@Jamierodr10 @o1wbQ5uObJ9GeBF @realDonaldTrump Stop! Industrial! Caravans! (2020)
Farming! Cities! Manufacturing! (2020)
@JessieJaneDuff @727Hummingbird Unity! Freedom! America! (2020)
Lincoln! Whigs! America! (2020)
Blood! Sweat! Tears! (2020)
Children! Hope! Freedom! (2020)
Children! Hope! Humanity! (2020)
American! Dreamers! Real! (2020)
Marriage! Equality! Family! (2020)
Ordinary! Everyday! Us! (2020)
Red! White! Blue! (2020)
Dignity! Pride! America! (2020)
Blood! Sweat! Tears! America!
Hard Work! Respect! America! (2020)
@GoldenDreams50 @gaye_gallops @_realBlackTrump Prayer! Love! America! (2020)
Unity! Liberty! Justice! (2020)
Lincoln! Whigs! America! (2020)
Me! You! Them! (2020)
Air! Water! Soil! (2020)
Whales! Oceans! Dolphins! (2020)
Neighbors! Peace! Respect! (2020)
Creativity! Art! Voice! (2020)
Truth! Wisdom! Trust! (2020)
Sovereignty! Vision! Acceptance! (2020)
Ingenuity! enterprise! environment! (2020)
Religion! Freedom! America! (2020)
Whigs! Children! Hope! (2020)
Prayer! Children! Freedom! (2020)
Roots! Love! America! (2020)
Out of many we will be reborn.
Roots! Unity! Whigs!
@heyitsCarolyn @catmac1120 We need to return to our heritage and roots..... Unity! (2020) Whigs!
@starcrosswolf @BeliaK7 We need to return to our roots .... Unity! (2020) Whigs!
@Franklin_Graham @BillyGraham I have a vision of a party that produces a new generation of centrists. The Whigs could be this party. I see the potential for a rebirth of Republican Whigs, Democrat Whigs and Center Whigs. Center-Center , Center-Left, Center-Right.
@maddow I have a vision of a party that produces a new generation of centrists. The Whigs could be this party. I see the potential for a rebirth of Republican Whigs, Democrat Whigs and Center Whigs. Center-Center , Center-Left, Center-Right.
@AnnCoulter I have a vision of a party that produces a new generation of centrists. The Whigs could be this party. I see the potential for a rebirth of Republican Whigs, Democrat Whigs and Center Whigs. Center-Center , Center-Left, Center-Right.
@SebGorka I have a vision of a party that produces a new generation of centrists. The Whigs could be this party. I see the potential for a rebirth of Republican Whigs, Democrat Whigs and Center Whigs. Center-Center , Center-Left, Center-Right.
I have a vision of a party that produces a new generation of centrists. The Whigs could be this party. I see the potential for a rebirth of Republican Whigs, Democrat Whigs and Center Whigs. Center-Center , Center-Left, Center-Right.
@gowdy4congress Unity! (2020) Whigs!
@unified Unity! (2020) Whig!
@PodcastOne @WilliamJBennett @IngrahamAngle Unity! (2020) Whig! stay tuned
@Joy_Villa unity! (2020) whig!
@HowardSchultz @WSJ Unity! (2020) Whig! coming soon
@LoriinUtah @LordByron2715 unity 2020 whig
@LordByron2715 Unity! (2020) Whig!