Facing the Mountain of Corruption can seem overwhelming. To give the public a clear picture of Trump’s lifetime of criminality, hearings must be focused. Only pointed questions from Members and seasoned prosecutors. No grandstanding. Democracy at stake.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: We will not abide by Trump’s “red line” or ignore his business dealings with the Russians.		The Trump Tower Moscow deal…
For 2 yrs. the GOP cult has been aiding &amp; abetting The Pathologically Lying Crime Family. Finally a real investigation into their criminality will be made public. Keep your eyes on Allen Weisselberg. He holds the keys to The Kingdom Of Corruption.
Nothing better than spending time talking about life and the preservation of Democracy with people I love and respect. https://t.co/MqsyR2rF82
The avalanche of Criminality generated by this President is breathtaking and exhausting. But for those who care about the preservation of our Democracy, have faith. In due time he will be Impeached.
RT @SallyQYates: Hard to know which is more dangerous—jeopardizing our most sensitive national security information or so cavalierly lying…
The Moron believes Putin when he says he didn’t attack our election. He believes MBS when he says he didn’t kill Khashoggi. He believes Kim when he says he didn’t kill Warmbier. He believes there is no Climate Change. The Moron is a Fucking Moron.
RT @chrislhayes: It takes an extremely strenuous effort of pretending to be stupid to not see that *obviously* Trump knew the Russians were…
Americans would hope that federally elected officials when presented with hard evidence that The President Of The United States committed Federal Crimes, would react with shock. Sadly the GOP cult has no problem with Presidential Criminality. Democracy is on the line.
Tomorrow Michael Cohen will tell US what we already know. That The Pathological Liar is a Racist a Misogynist a Criminal &amp; a Narcissistic Sociopath. We will also be reminded that the GOP doesn’t give a flying fuck.
RT @JohnBrennan: You shame yourself &amp; the Office of the Presidency every time you try to smear those who dedicate their lives to public ser…
The Pathological Liar’s Corruption and Criminality is so overwhelming, it can become numbing. But with respect to morality, it doesn’t get more heinous than appointing a cabinet Sec. who has protected a pedophile sex trafficker who you’ve “hung” with.
Every day The Pathological Liar adds to the Dung Heap of his stolen Presidency. His nominee for UN believes science on both sides of climate change. His Labor Sec. breaks the law protecting a convicted pedophile. McConnell and GOP fine with it all. #Resist
RT @maddow: Even if Alex Acosta were not a Trump cabinet official right now, this federal court ruling about his behavior in the Jeffrey Ep…
Jeffrey Epstein is a convicted pedophile and sex trafficker. Under oath Epstein says he knows The Pathological Liar. When asked if he was ever with The Liar with underaged girls, he takes The Fifth. The Liar’s Labor Sec. orchestrates corrupt sentencing for Epstein. Do The Math.
From what I understand about the complexities, opaqueness and length of counterintelligence investigations, I’d be surprised if Mueller was able to uncover the breadth of this conspiracy. More digging will have to be done. But there’ll be crimes. And we better get to see them.
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
The Pathological Liar’s criminal behavior and impeachable offenses are so overwhelming that, except for the 20 GOP cult members of the Senate, the House Dems would have made the move a long time ago. Gotta say some of us are getting a wee bit impatient.
One man stands in the way of the survival of our Democracy. That man is Mitch McConnell. Long ago The Pathological Liar crossed the line when he conspired with Russia to steal the ‘16 election. McConnell has the power to stop the slide towards Autocracy. History is watching.
For the first time in American history we are celebrating a Presidents weekend with a President who has and is conspiring with an enemy power to destroy Democracy. Let that sink in.
It’s all in plain sight. Doesn’t report Russian mtgs. after Intel warns of election interference. Fires FBI Dir. because of Russia. Campaign Mgr. shares info with Russian Intel asset. Advisor Stone conspires with Russian Intel. On TV asks Russia to help him win. YES COLLUSION!
RT @ACLU: BREAKING: We’re suing President Trump over today’s blatantly illegal declaration of a national emergency.		There is no emergency.…
By declaring a non-existent national emergency, The Pathological Liar is once again facilitating the slow erosion of Democracy. We must never allow his childish temper tantrum attempts at authoritarianism to become normalized. Keep fighting to preserve US!
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Trump is declaring a national emergency to bypass Congress, to build a wall we don’t need, to address a crisis that does…
Well, we can add another sickening example of abuse of power to the ever expanding list of impeachable offenses. To declare a national emergency that doesn’t exist, except for the one created by the Pathological Liar, is beyond the height abusive political pandering.
Fact:The President of the United States is a pathologically lying criminal. He is the most corrupt POTUS this country has ever seen. He is beyond impeachable. In a nation of 325 mil., 20 people stand in the way of ridding US of this cancer. GOP you know who you are.
The Liar openly admits to Corruption &amp; Crime every day. He thinks he can lull America into complacency by trying to normalize his Corruption &amp; Crime. It won’t work. Whether done in broad daylight or in the shadows, Corruption is still Corruption &amp; Crime is still Crime.
It’s one thing to be a racist. To hate    because of an ignorant irrational fear of the “other”. But when you are the leader of a country and you spew racism to ignite that fear &amp; hatred, violence follows. The Liar is comfortable with that violence. The Liar is a Fascist.
RT @BetoORourke: Very very proud of this community. We are the example that the United States of America needs right now. https://t.co/IIM5…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Step One: Hype an invented threat of an invasion of terrorists, murderers, and rapists.		Step Two: Send troops to border…
In the Battle At The Border The Liar is a LOSER! Beto-10-15 thousand. The Liar-6,500. Go back to the WH and your stolen Presidency, turn on FOX, and start tweeting your bullshit.
The fucking moron strikes again. His grasp of climate change takes its place right alongside of his abject ignorance of public policy governance &amp; the Constitution. In fairness he has his areas of expertise: lying corruption crime &amp; a firm grasp of sociopathic behavior. GO AWAY!!
RT @romyreiner: I want my future boyfriend to look at me the way my parents look at @maddow
The vast web of criminality that has been spun by Donald J. Trump is breathtaking. Every day a new criminal thread is revealed. Democracy is being tested. We are in an out and out war for the soul of America. Stay vigilant.
RT @JKCorden: Oh my god. This is just sensational. Please watch and retweet. https://t.co/ackPHwAUce
If Whitaker were to answer honestly and truthfully tomorrow, it would mark the beginning of the end of the Trump presidency. Which is why he’ll either lie, obfuscate or invoke phony executive privilege.
Only a sociopath could have no feelings about ripping a child from a parent and traumatizing that child for life. The President of the United States is a sociopath.
Over 2 yrs. ago a foreign enemy power, with the help of the Trump campaign conspired to undermine our Democracy. Finally, after GOP’s Kabuki theater, Congress will conduct an honest investigation. Adam Schiff has his eye on the prize. Hang on to your hats!
The only reassuring thing about a pathological liar is when he says something, you know it’s not true. There is no crisis at the border.
RT @TeamPelosi: Sorry, sir. But Article 1 of the Constitution is the legislative branch. And it has the responsibility to exercise oversigh…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Fear. Division. Falsehood.		Not hope. Not unity. Not truth.		That’s what Donald Trump offered the nation tonight during…
Glad to find out that America will never be a socialist country. Wish he could say the same about authoritarianism and fascism.
The SOTU can never be strong if it is headed by a pathological liar. It can never be strong if it is headed by a misogynist. It can never be strong if it is headed by a racist. And it can never be strong if it is headed by a self serving criminal. The SOTU is rancid.
Just watched the idiot on CBS. There’s no other way to put this. He’s an embarrassing lying piece of crap.
There is no question that Gov. Northam’s racism is cause for his resignation. There is also no question, that on a daily basis, our pathetic excuse for a President denigrates Blacks Women Latinos Muslims LGBTs Press IC Justice &amp; our Allies. The Pathological Liar must resign.
RT @BillKristol: So do the people of the United States. https://t.co/zUOvRczfiU
RT @ACLU: BREAKING: Tonight the Trump administration filed documents that don’t dispute the recent report that there may have been thousand…
Every day the idiot makes the case for no wall. Every day the failed businessman weakens our economy. Every day the pathologically lying malignant narcissist threatens our security. Every day Donald Trump occupies the White House is a day of shame for America.
RT @SpeakerPelosi: It really tells you all you need to know about the priorities of Washington Republicans that a bill to make it easier to…
Our biggest national security risk is the President of the United States.
RT @JohnBrennan: Your refusal to accept the unanimous assessment of U.S. Intelligence on Iran, No. Korea, ISIS, Russia, &amp; so much more show…
RT @tedlieu: Getting a snack. https://t.co/3gmwxoNTfn
Nader gave US Bush in 2000. Gore won by over 500K. Would’ve had 15-20 yr. jump on global warming &amp; no 1mil. killed in Iraq. Stein helped give US Trump. Hillary had 3 mil. more votes. Now Schultz wants to give the incompetent criminal moron a 2nd term. Curb your ego! Don’t run!
RT @romyreiner: I know I said I wouldn’t tweet political but I have to talk about #HolocaustMemorialDay2019 	It’s reported that “One third…
Can you imagine US without a free press? The moron’s bullshit of caravans,women being duct taped &amp; raped,good people on both sides,no global warming,no need for NATO,gun safety,minority/women’s/gay rights &amp; NO COLLUSION all accepted. Thank God for the enemy of the people.
By refusing to assign members to House Intel. Com. in attempt to hide criminality &amp; by endorsing the incompetent child for 2020, GOP has tethered itself to racism, misogyny,homophobia &amp; a corrupt pathological lying self-dealing traitor. History will not be kind.
RT @JohnBrennan: Your cabal of unprincipled, unethical, dishonest, and sycophantic cronies is being methodically brought to justice. We all…
RT @SpeakerPelosi: What does Putin have on @realDonaldTrump, politically, personally or financially?
RT @RepJerryNadler: Roger Stone, Paul Manafort, Michael Cohen, Rick Gates, Michael Flynn... What did the President know and when did he kno…
What a waste. Mr. Art of the Deal caves. 35 days of hurting 800,000 federal workers for nothing. Your incompetence is breathtaking. Since you’ll eventually be thrown out of office for conspiring with an enemy to steal an election, why don’t you get the hell out now. #TrumpResign
Trump, you have lost. Nancy Pelosi has beaten your ass. Stop crying about your idiotic wall. Stop fucking with people’s lives. OPEN THE DAMN GOVERNMENT!
RT @ProudResister: A man who inherited and laundered his wealth and hasn’t worked an *honest* day in his life convinced a swathe of white w…
He will not get his pointless wall. He will not deliver his SOTU until he opens the government. He will not beat Nancy Pelosi. She is a strong brilliant experienced public servant. He is a weak childish incompetent fool. #TrumpShutdown
RT @TeamPelosi: FACT: House Democrats have voted 10 times to #EndTheShutdown and get our government working for the people again. 		Mitch M…
Whatever metaphor you choose. Trump’s hit a WALL. The handwriting is on the WALL. The WALLS are closing in. It all comes down to an infantile narcissistic ignorant racist failed businessman blindly destroying America. #TrumpShutdown  #ShutdownTrump
RT @TeamPelosi: Understand this: if Trump gets away with shutting down the government to get what he wants, he will do this again going for…
The crisis at the border has been created by Trump. The crisis of federal employees is the shutdown created by Trump. The crisis of faith in our government is the corruption created by Trump. The crisis is the criminality of Trump. The crisis is Trump.
Having your lunatic lawyer go on TV to try and normalize your mountain of crimes with his incoherent word salad won’t work. As much as you try to numb us, we remain acutely aware of your lies, your corruption &amp; your criminality. You won’t defeat US. You will be brought down.
To honor MLK, the racist President was guilted into a 1 1/2 minute trip to MLK’s memorial. Those of us who truly care about love &amp; decency toward our fellow citizens will win the battle of our long Civil War. The Universe’s arc towards justice can’t come soon enough.
For the sake of the preservation of Democracy Trump must go down. And as long as Giuliani is his spokesman, there’s is no doubt he will. He’s the only lawyer, who every time he opens his mouth, he admits his client has committed a crime. Keep talking, Rudy.
You know Trump is starving for vindication when he dives for scraps that fall off Mueller’s table. Utter desperation. Won’t stop the inevitable. The mountain of criminality the pathological liar faces is inedible. His presidency will die.
RT @carlreiner: After not tweeting my feelings about our unelected, impeachable President, I have rallied myself from a half-sick-bed to my…
We can now add suborning perjury to the long list of Donald Trump’s criminality. How many more crimes does this childish entitled ignorant narcissistic moronic unstable pathological liar have to commit before Mitch McConnell grows even one ball?
The next step in the declension of Giuliani’s argument will be: Of course the President conspired with Russia to steal the election. So what if he might have committed Treason? It’s not like he shot someone on 5th Ave. The fat lady is warming up her vocal chords.
RT @Mimirocah1: Assume Giuliani is telling the truth (🙄) &amp; they never denied that people in the campaign may have colluded with Russia. The…
Trump is the target of a counter intelligence investigation. Let that sink in. The President of the United States may be conspiring with an enemy of America. When you add he’s a racist,a misogynist,a pathological liar &amp; a fucking moron, GOP might want to rethink their allegiance.
William Barr has testified under oath that Donald Trump has violated his oath of office. Check please.
RT @HillaryClinton: Like I said: A puppet. https://t.co/BeBfYMJcic
The Pathological Liar is not only a horrendous failure as a business man, but it turns out he’s quite the fool as an intelligence asset. When you continue to publicly fly up Putin’s ass, you might want to hone your espionage skills. Traitor, Treason, Moron.
There is no doubt that the pathologically lying malignant narcissistic lifelong criminal is an asset of the Russian government. For the survival of Democracy this is far worse than shooting someone on 5th Ave. The GOP is keeping a close eye on Cult 45.
Like Nixon the GOP will turn on Trump. It’s just a matter of time.
@MalcolmNance @maggieNYT @adamgoldmanNYT @nytmike @npfandos @nytimes I’m with you Malcolm. This comes under the heading of “Duh”.
This schmuck is literally the worst negotiator on the planet. He says he could call for a national emergency, but he doesn’t want to do it so fast. No urgency is the definition of no emergency. Can there be a bigger lying dysfunctional idiot in the WH?
We are truly in an all out fight for the preservation of Democracy. Every step The Liar takes brings us closer to authoritarian rule. Declaring a national emergency for a non existent crisis to save his political ass is insanity. Feb.7 can’t come soon enough.
The only national emergency sits in the Oval Office.
We are staring in face of the biggest scandal in American history. There is no question that members of the Trump campaign conspired with a hostile enemy power to undermine a US election. It is inconceivable that the pathologically lying con man wasn’t aware.
The pathologically lying two year old throws another temper tantrum. Mr. Art of the Deal loses again so he overturns the game board. GOP must have a death wish to follow this lifelong criminal over a cliff.
The conspiracy heats up. Just when the desperate liar tries to bullshit US with his non existent border crisis, we learn that his campaign chairman was sharing valuable polling data with Russian intelligence. An illegitimate POTUS pushes an illegitimate crisis. #TrumpResign
RT @RepAdamSchiff: I’ve been on the Intelligence Committee for over 10 years. On terrorism and other threats, I’ve received more briefings…
Tonight the media will turn the oldest living Democracy into a reality show by allowing a pathological liar to treat American citizens like suckers. THERE IS NO CRISIS AT THE BORDER!
Unless there’s a way to fact check in real time, if the media gives Trump airtime tomorrow night, they will be aiding and abetting the propaganda of a would be authoritarian. Time to hold the pathological liar accountable.
RT @funder: Retweetfest: Tweet out my interview with Rob Reiner below and we will RT you! https://t.co/dqwKGmb0pW
America is being held hostage by a Putin directed sick ignorant out of control child. Unfortunately it will take US citizens losing their jobs and going hungry for the GOP to discipline their child.
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: If the President thinks there’s a crisis at the border, why would he enthusiastically shut down the Dept of Homeland Sec…
RT @InvestigateRU: We Need to Know What Happened When Trump Was Left Alone With Putin - The Daily Beast https://t.co/Ro1NDjXIa9
Stating the obvious: Trump’s presidency has literally hit a wall. And he continues to bang his head against it. We are awash in metaphors, but we will never lose sight of the truth. Donald Trump is a cancer on the soul of America. He will be removed so Democracy can live again.
@DLeonhardt Perfect analysis.
RT @SallyQYates: POTUS’ latest temper tantrum is not about border security. Like a spoiled two year old holding his breath, he is holding o…
@chrislhayes When wasn’t it?
Until Putin told the idiot Montenegro was a threat to world order, Trump didn’t know it was a country. He certainly didn’t come up with his moronic analysis of Soviet invasion of Afghanistan by himself. Yes puppet. Yes puppet. He’s the puppet. Treasonous. #TrumpResign
On his idiotic pointless wall, the fool is worried about looking foolish. Rest easy. You’re way past looking foolish. You’ve been a world class moron your whole life. #TrumpResign
Is there something more moronic than a fucking moron? Because every time this idiot opens his mouth, he vomits up breathtaking stupidity. Tomorrow can’t come quick enough.
Where to begin. The corruption &amp; criminality is overwhelming. But starting tomorrow finally there will be accountability. And when the dust settles, we will be rid of this lying malignant narcissistic cancer. Happy New Year.
RT @JohnBrennan: It is my sincere hope that the forthcoming exposure of your malfeasance &amp; corruption will convince enough Republicans to a…
Reminder. He called a reporter pretending to be someone else to brag about his sexual prowess. He defrauded people of their life savings with a fake university. The President of the United States is a sick criminal. New Year’s resolution: Get him the fuck out of the White House.
There is no wiggle room. Trump made two things crystal clear. First, Mexico will pay for the wall. Second, if the wall’s not paid for, he alone would close the government. Mexico’s position is clear. Ball’s in your court, Mr. Art of the Deal. Will never happen. #TrumpResign
RT @gtconway3d: You don’t say. https://t.co/EPDQPp1KSJ
RT @RepAdamSchiff: What Trump said then:		Mexico will pay for the wall. I promise.	I am proud to shut down the government for border securi…
RT @billmaher: Why can’t Democrats learn to do what Republicans do and just repeat 1 point that seals your case, as: “You said Mexico wld p…
RT @MalcolmNance: At last I’ll say it. You are a disgusting, vile scoundrel. You defile the honor of the White House. Like your dictator fr…
When you’re a horrendous deal maker, it’s particularly daunting to go up against someone who has world class skills. Nancy Pelosi will clean Donald Trump’s clock. There will be no ridiculous wall. The desperate fool will continue to flail &amp; ultimately fail. #TrumpResign
@Reiner_Jake @Lakers @romyreiner @michelereiner @ReinerNick Family at the Lakers/Clippers game. A break from the horrors of the occupant of the WH.
Fact: Donald Trump is a pathological liar. He knows he’s committed crimes. He knows he &amp; his family are cooked. He knows his cult will follow him anywhere. He needs them to keep drinking the Kool-Aid. So he lies to them about walls,caravans,whatever. Won’t work. #TrumpResign
Been waiting for Cohen in Prague to become public. Once we find out what he was doing there, this will be game, set, and match for Trump. Now’s the time. #TrumpResign
RT @JoyceWhiteVance: If true, this will be deeply damaging to Trump. The immediate pushback on the Steele Dossier from Trump’s camp was Coh…
He lies about bone spurs. Trashes war heroes &amp; gold star parents. Refuses to honor the fallen because it’s raining. Is shamed into visiting the troops. Then lies to them about getting a raise &amp; reveals location of Navy Seals. The Cowardice,Lies,Stupidity are epic. #TrumpResign
RT @BillKristol: Trump to the troops in Iraq:	"You haven’t gotten [a raise] in more than ten years. More than ten years. And we got you a b…
RT @tedlieu: Dear Matt Whitaker (@MattWhitaker46): If you haven't been fired, please be prepared to answer the following under oath:	-Why l…
Merry Christmas to all my Christian  friends. And for those of you who have seven year olds who heard our schmuck(that’s Yiddish for moron)President tell them there’s no Santa Clause, here’s hoping that your wishes for a Trump free White House will soon come true. Peace &amp; Love.
@romyreiner They probably don’t, but when you do come back they get just as excited if you’ve been away for a week or 5 minutes.
It is no longer hyperbole. A spoiled out of control unsupervised 2 yr. old is in charge of the most powerful nation on earth. And if he keeps losing and doesn’t get his candy right now, we could be looking at a nuclear temper tantrum. Responsible GOP-step forward.
Donald Trump has been a failure his entire life. 6 Bankruptcies. Trump Casinos, University, Airline, Steaks, Water, Foundation-All Failures. His abject failure as POTUS is profoundly hurting Americans, our allies and the survival of Democracy. #TrumpResign
The only wall that needs to be constructed is the one between the criminal in the White House and his accomplice at DOJ. Whitaker needs to come before Congress and explain where in the Constitution it says that a President is above the law. #ResignNow
RT @SallyQYates: This shouldn’t get lost in the avalanche of crazy.  The wall we need is between DOJ and the White House. The foundation of…
RT @tribelaw: It matters enormously that ordinary people see indicting a sitting president as something that’s as American as baseball and…
Each day this mentally unstable man takes a step closer to destroying 242 yrs. of self rule. And though Democrats want to be restrained, impeachment is inevitable. Then GOP Senators will have to make a choice. Either protect Democracy or continue to enable an ignorant criminal.
RT @JohnBrennan: Okay, Republicans. How much longer are you going to let this farcical “presidency” continue? At a time of such political,…
All the adult rats are leaving the infantile sinking ship. We have been invaded by and are being occupied by a hostile enemy. We have a childish moronic mentally unstable malignant narcissist POTUS who is committing Treason in front of our eyes. GOP, STEP THE FUCK UP!
Donald Trump is committing Treason against The United States of America. He is aiding and abetting the enemy in The War against Isis and The Cyberwar against Russia. He has turned the world’s oldest Democracy into a wholly owned subsidiary of Vladimir Putin. GOP, WAKE UP!
A man cheats on his wife just after his wife gives birth. He robs people of their life savings through his fake university. He uses his phony foundation to give money to politicians and pay his legal fees. That man is the President of the United States. This will not stand.
I loved Penny. I grew up with her. She was born with a great gift. She was born with a funnybone and the instinct of how to use it. I was very lucky to have lived with her and her funnybone. I will miss her.
So sad about Penny.
Facing criminal charges, Trump shuts down his fraudulent charity. Facing overwhelming criminal charges, Trump will be forced to shut down the most corrupt administration in American history.
RT @tribelaw: This is starting to feel like an echo chamber. Until this “A-SITTING-PRESIDENT-CAN-BE-INDICTED-FOR-CHEATING-HIS-WAY-INTO-THE-…
It’s clear. The President is a criminal. He has committed felonies. In the United States of America no one is above the law. There is nothing in the Constitution that says a President can’t be indicted. Donald Trump must be indicted.
It’s gonna get ugly and it’s gonna take time, but the ship of state is slowly turning. And none of Trump’s desperate tweets or Giuliani’s pathetic attempts to defend Trump’s mountain of lies with stop the juggernaut of truth. Donald Trump is a lifelong criminal and he will go.
RT @tribelaw: Anyone who conspires to commit campaign crimes in order to help win the presidency cannot later claim the benefit of a shield…
What kind of person celebrates people losing their health care? This goes so far beyond heartless, that the Hitler comparison, which so often is improperly invoked, actually applies here. He is truly a disgusting human being.
With the blizzard of criminality swirling around Trump, it’s easy to lose sight of the original sin. And the complete picture of that will emerge in due time. Donald Trump conspired with a foreign enemy power to fraudulently steal an election. The felon will be impeached.
Warning to GOP: We’re running out of wall space to put handwriting on. Either do the right thing or let history show that you enabled, aided and abetted a criminal.
To bring things into sharp focus: Our President is a felon. We are a nation of 325 million people. Of those 325 million there are currently 20 people standing in the way of the rule of law and the removal of this felon. To 20 Rep. Senators: Stand up for Democracy!
It’s is very disturbing to know that there is a sizable portion of this country(GOP and Trump followers)who are okay with a criminal being President. He will be gone, but if 20 Republican Senators can open their eyes, minds and hearts, we can expedite his departure.
The Idiot-In-Chief strikes again. Because there’s a good chance a border wall will stop a French terrorist. There’s a reason why when you google idiot under images you get pictures of Trump. Former Sec. State Tillerson said it best: “He’s a fucking moron”
Just watched Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer eat Trump’s lunch. Mr. Art of the Deal is the worst fuckin’ negotiator on the planet.
Chief of Staff to the President of the United States is one of the most coveted jobs in Washington. What does it say that Trump can’t find anyone to accept it? It couldn’t be more clear. No one wants anything to do with a lying criminal.
As the crimes pile up(money laundering, bank fraud, tax evasion, obstruction of justice, abuse of power, conspiracy with a foreign enemy power) I’m looking forward to watching the once enabling GOP turn on this lying sociopath. And in due time, they will.
RT @20committee: My latest BOOM! ===&gt;		Remember when I told you "He will die in jail" c/o my IC friends?		YEAH....THAT		https://t.co/OF7Sal…
RT @JohnBrennan: Whenever you send out such inane tweets, I take great solace in knowing that you realize how much trouble you are in &amp; how…
RT @romyreiner: Is there such a thing as “too Jewish”? https://t.co/Wy8z4vqsOn
In an interview with Nicole Wallace, James Comey said we must defeat Donald Trump in a landslide in 2020 so the lies will stop. We can’t wait until 2020. The lies must stop now. Every criminal minute of this corrupt presidency is a minute too long.
RT @InvestigateRU: President Trump told reporters Saturday he hasn’t read the Cohen and Manafort memos. Well, we have. And there’s plenty t…
The moral of the story of THE BOY WHO CRIED NO COLLUSION: If you’re a pathological liar, people tend not to believe you.
RT @Comey: Today wasn’t a search for truth, but a desperate attempt to find anything that can be used to attack the institutions of justice…
RT @gtconway3d: Except for that little part where the US Attorney’s Office says that you directed and coordinated with Cohen to commit two…
Donald Trump is not only a criminal, he’s a delusional criminal. Only a sick fuck could read a legal filing that states he’s committed a federal crime and say he’s been totally cleared. Oh I forgot, the sick delusional criminal fuck can’t read.
RT @tribelaw: WOW: The Dec 7 filing in SDNY on Michael Cohen’s sentencing charges that President Trump (aka “Individual 1”) directed a crim…
Looking forward to seeing how the lying malignant narcissist responds to the avalanche of criminality that will continue to bury him. Can’t undersell how sweet his ultimate comeuppance will be.
It’s almost impossible to measure the mountainous volume of corruption and criminality that is Donald Trump. But I’m sure that Mueller, the NY AG, the SDNY, CREW, etal are keeping track. The future for the lying racist is looking less than rosy.
The contrast today couldn’t be more stark. One President lived a lifetime of service. The current one lives a lifetime of lies and criminality.
Couldn’t help but be moved watching President George H.W. Bush’s memorial service. To see that much love expressed through devotion and humor from his family and friends is truly inspiring.
Every day the mentally unhinged liar vomits up crazy shit on Twitter. And because he illegitimately occupies the Oval Office, the media covers it and injects his toxicity into America’s bloodstream. Patriots will be the antibodies to cure this sepsis.
RT @rezaaslan: Wait. Did I miss something? Did George Conway pay money to have sex with a porn star right after his wife gave birth? https:…
For 2 yrs. the GOP has aided and abetted Trump’s criminality. For over 3 yrs. most of the media has enabled it. So far our legal system is holding. If it continues to hold, we will rid America of the most corrupt person ever to occupy the WH. The rule of law will save Democracy.
This week is shaping up to be another lying tweetstorm from Individual 1.
The biggest scandal in US history is coming into focus. On Friday Rachel Maddow made it clear. Donald Trump conspired with the enemy. Quid: Deliver the Presidency &amp; build Trump Tower Moscow. Quo: Lift Economic Sanctions. The fat lady is warming up her vocal chords.
I didn’t always agree with George H. W. Bush, but I have great respect for his lifetime of service. And send my love to his family. Compared to what we have in the Oval Office now, I’d take George H. W. Bush every day of the week and twice on Sundays.
RT @JohnBrennan: The iceberg of lies, deceit, corruption, &amp; criminality is steadily but surely surfacing, despite the efforts of many in hi…
Shoes are dropping like an earthquake in Imelda Marcos’ closet. Next up now that Cohen is cooperating and the Steele dossier continues to be accurate, who did Cohen meet with in Prague and what transpired? Popcorn, anyone?
America is signaling the waiter to ask for the check.
Dots are connecting. Guns are smoking. The conspiracy to undermine our Democracy is staring us directly in the face. The Criminal-In-Chief and his coterie of amoral liars will be brought to justice. Have patience. Good things come to those who wait.
He can tweet. He can coordinate with Manafort. He can install Whitaker for protection. He can look to a balls less GOP. But he will never escape the consequences of his crimes. Decent patriotic Americans will not allow it.
The noose is tightening on the Criminal-In-Chief. And all the bullshit tweets in the world are not gonna save his racist ass.
RT @JohnBrennan: Your feelings of inferiority, insecurity, vulnerability, and culpability are loud &amp; clear. You remind me of how many corru…
RT @jiveDurkey: wow — Geraldo Rivera’s commentary tonight on Fox about the treatment and depiction of migrants is pretty powerful. a must-w…
RT @algore: People from every ideology are being convinced by new, startling climate assessments, and by Mother Nature. I have enormous res…
RT @JohnFugelsang: For I was a stranger &amp; you tear-gassed me	I asked for asylum &amp; you stole my children	I fled violence in my country from…
Don’t know how you get lower than tear gassing babies. But if anyone can, Trump will find a way. We must never get used to the horror that is this President.
It’s well established that Trump is a moron. Global warming created by man is also well established. Unless the US is not a part of planet earth, Trump’s “America first” is moronic. We can no longer let morons make existential decisions. There’s no time left for that.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Try as the Trump Administration might to bury this study on the Friday after Thanksgiving, the effects of climate change…
Besides my family, I’m thankful for the wisdom of our founding fathers. Though far from perfect, they provided US with checks and balances to allow us to finally hold a mentally unstable malignant narcissist accountable for a lifetime of crime and corruption. Happy Thanksgiving.
With an ignorant reckless POTUS and a feckless cowardly GOP, it’s reassuring to know that our judiciary is holding. CJ Roberts’ rebuke to Trump is a strong indication that he will not allow a pathologically lying malignant narcissist to destroy our Democracy.
RT @TulsiGabbard: Hey @realdonaldtrump: being Saudi Arabia’s bitch is not “America First.”
RT @BetoORourke: Saudi Arabia must be held accountable. There must be consequences. There must be justice.
RT @SallyQYates: In a single day, POTUS turns a blind eye to the barbaric murder of journalist and we learn that he tried to order DOJ to g…
He abuses his power, obstructs justice, perverts the rule of law and condones murder. Just another Tuesday. Decent caring Democracy loving Americans are in a constant state of rage. We will continue to harness this rage and the corrupt liar will be gone.
Hypocritical. Incompetent. Corrupt. Ignorant. Criminal. Mentally unstable. Racist. Misogynistic. Self aggrandizing. Self dealing. Disrespects allies. Embraces dictators. And all wrapped up in a constant stream of lies. Ladies and gentleman, the President of the United States.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Nancy Pelosi recruited me to run for Congress.		Nancy Pelosi has helped me succeed in Congress.		And nobody in Congress…
RT @JohnBrennan: You constantly remind us how substantively shallow &amp; dishonest you are on so many fronts, which is why we are in such dang…
RT @Laurie_David: Just want to point out all the kids in school with the last name #Schiff getting bullied and name called #Schitt today be…
@AsteadWesley I filmed The Ghosts of Mississippi there. When I first stood on that driveway I thought of Medgar being taken from his wife and children by a racist assassin’s bullet, and I cried. This country still has a lot of work to do.
He denigrates the Navy Seal who led the attack on Bin Laden. He denigrates the incoming chair of the House Intelligence Committee, Adam Schiff. Our President never ceases to remind us that he is a horrible human being.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Wow, Mr. President, that’s a good one. 		Was that like your answers to Mr. Mueller’s questions, or did you write this on…
“The floors of the forest.” “Raking and cleaning and doing things.” I will never get used to the fact that our President is a fucking moron.
Russia attacks our Democracy. Trump does nothing. Saudi Crown Prince executes an American resident WP journalist. Trump does nothing. Spineless amoral GOP happy to support a self-dealing traitor. Taking the House-the first big step. But we keep fighting until the liar is gone.
Losing Bill Goldman made me cry. My favorite book of all time is The Princess Bride. I was honored he allowed me to make it into a movie. I visited with him last Saturday. He was very weak but his mind still had the Goldman edge. I told him I loved him. He smiled &amp; said fuck you.
I’ve know Chad Griffin since he was 19. He was my liason at Clinton WH when I made The American President. He ran Michele &amp; my foundation. We filed the 1st federal lawsuit that led to marriage equality. He’s brilliant &amp; will be missed at HRC. Can’t wait for what’s next from him.
When Trump talks about the inner workings of the Mueller probe he’s either doing one of the two things he does best: 1. Adding to the growing mountain of obstruction of justice or 2. Lying his fucking ass off.
I’ve known Nancy Pelosi for over 25 years. Besides being a good moral loving person who has fought tirelessly for progressive values her entire life, she is the smartest toughest strategic thinker in our party. She’s been in the trenches &amp; is not afraid to kick ass &amp; take names.
RT @RepSwalwell: The days of Presidential Immunity are OVER. Gone. No more free passes to cash in on access to the Oval Office. No more col…
Macron’s rebuke of Trump’s embrace of Nationalism was spot on. Democracy’s world leaders are starting to ignore the valueless rantings of a malignant narcissistic liar. US news outlets might consider a similar approach.
RT @aravosis: Oh my god. The French government showed up at Arlington National Cemetery yesterday to honor our fallen heroes when Trump ref…
RT @SallyQYates: Democracy is only democracy if ALL eligible ballots are counted. It’s not just about Stacey Abrams or any particular candi…
Like the majority of Americans, I am exhausted and sickened by our country being led by an ignorant unstable misogynistic racist who continually lies. And since this POTUS seems averse to inclement weather, it’s time for Democracy-saving shoes to start raining down on him.
RT @AaronBlake: Florida accepts overseas/military ballots through Nov. 16, (provided they were postmarked by Nov. 6).		The president is eff…
RT @EmmanuelMacron: Patriotism is the exact opposite of nationalism. Nationalism is a betrayal of patriotism. By putting our own interests…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: If Whitaker doesn't recuse himself and has any involvement in Mueller's probe, we will expose it, including whether he m…
On the day we honor our veterans American patriots are sickened by a President who narcissistically turns his back on the fallen and warmly embraces an Autocrat who attacks Democracy. Our long national nightmare continues.
RT @JohnKerry: President @realDonaldTrump a no-show because of raindrops? Those veterans the president didn’t bother to honor fought in the…
As Macron and Merkel commemorate the 100th anniversary of the end of WW1, Trump sits in a hotel room. He can grab himself anywhere he wants because he’s one huge complete and utter pussy.
RT @romyreiner: Trump: I don’t know Whitaker 	Trump: I do know Whitaker 	Trump: Never seen the guy	Trump: I slept with him last night
It’s nothing new about the pathologically lying criminal telling a lie. But when the lie is never having met the man you’ve chosen to protect you from conspiracy with an enemy power to destroy Democracy, it doesn’t get more egregious. Whitaker must go. Then Trump.
RT @JeffFlake: When the Senate convenes next week, @ChrisCoons and I will ask for unanimous consent to bring S.2644, the Special Counsel In…
There is only one enemy of the people and he sits in the Oval Office. Unfortunately this criminal will have to be dragged lying and obstructing his way out of the White House. We can not leave our battle stations.
RT @Acosta: Don’t believe the lies coming from the WH. Believe in our freedoms. Thank you all for your support. We won’t back down. 🇺🇸 #1A
RT @RepAdamSchiff: President Trump just removed Jeff Sessions. He wants an Attorney General to serve his interest, not the public.		Mueller…
Here we go. Trump reeks of desperation. He knows exactly what he’s facing. He’s gonna try to get rid of Mueller before he has to face it. Can’t let that happen. Buckle up. Big fight ahead.
America took a huge step to preserve Democracy. Now the work of exposing Donald Trump’s mountain of corruption begins.
Today America will decide if Democracy survives. VOTE!
RT @BarackObama: Tomorrow’s elections might be the most important of our lifetimes. The health care of millions is on the ballot. Making su…
Reject Lies. Vote for Truth. Reject Ignorance. Vote for Science. Reject Corruption. Vote for The Rule Of Law. Reject Racism. Vote for Inclusion. Reject Hate. Vote for Love. VOTE!
RT @JohnBrennan: Opportunity to repudiate @realDonaldTrump &amp; to restore Congressional ability to thwart his recklessness &amp; fear mongering a…
For years Donald Trump has been spreading fear, encouraging racism and inciting violence. On Nov.6 the hatred ends. VOTE!!! https://t.co/guqwnjmCJj
RT @robreiner: Remember Trump’s response to Hurricane Maria. Remember how you felt. Remember and don’t forget. VOTE! https://t.co/dZ9in2oDPJ
RT @robreiner: My father is 96 and a half years old. In his long life he has never seen anything like what’s happening to our country. I lo…
On Nov.6 we have a choice. We can either choose hate filled racism served up by a fear mongering pathologically lying criminal or a compassionate agenda of protecting Soc.Sec. Medicare, and people w/ pre-existing conditions &amp; holding a corrupt POTUS accountable. It’s clear. VOTE!
RT @JohnBrennan: As a former resident of Texas and a proud UT-Austin alumnus, I believe Beto O’Rourke is the type of individual Texans need…
There’s a stench of abject fear emanating from Donald Trump. The pile of racist garbage &amp; outright lies grows the closer we get to Nov.6. This may work with his ignorant followers, but decent good hearted Americans are not buying it. Make America loving and human again. VOTE!
RT @romyreiner: Hey trump, maybe you should stop talking about the non-crisis at the border, and start talking about how your supporters ar…
My father is 96 and a half years old. In his long life he has never seen anything like what’s happening to our country. I love him. And I want the country he fought his whole life for. https://t.co/ZeTPTKTS2u
RT @WMM_podcast: Now available - An Interview with ⁦@robreiner⁩  https://t.co/E1LktdPVC9
On Nov.6 we must vote as if we are facing a national emergency, because we are. Donald Trump has spewed racism, incited violence, defrauded US for profit, conspired with an enemy to undermine Democracy and lied continually while doing it all. He’s a blight on America. VOTE!!!
RT @Acosta: We are not the enemy of the people. I am not your enemy. You are not my enemy. It is wrong to call your fellow Americans the en…
RT @chelseahandler: If you’re on a dating app, please ask someone on a date November 6th and then just take them to vote. That’s the most r…
RT @ChelseaClinton: The President of the United States should not have to be persuaded to denounce anti-Semitism. https://t.co/76oVAgKFpS
RT @Lawrence: The pathological liar at the White House podium just said Trump was elected by “an overwhelming majority of voters.”		The fou…
Puerto Ricans are Americans and will never forget the Administration's response to Hurricane Maria. https://t.co/Z60WkhtJYh
Our country has been terrorized. The President of the United States has not offered comfort. He continues to incite violence. We need to heal. Democratic votes on Nov.6 will start that healing.
RT @romyreiner: In California I could have bought a gun two years ago but I still have to wait till my 21st birthday to buy a drink or ciga…
RT @BarackObama: We grieve for the Americans murdered in Pittsburgh. All of us have to fight the rise of anti-Semitism and hateful rhetoric…
RT @NathanLerner: If only Republicans made it as hard to buy a gun as they've made it to vote.
RT @BillKristol: This repulsive and dangerous filth is bring spewed courtesy of a publicly owned corporation. Will no one on the board, in…
As long as Trump takes no responsibility for his part in inciting violence, which he will never do, we will see more and more incidents of terrorists feeling emboldened by tacit permission. A check must be placed on this soulless man. Nov.6 VOTE!!!
RT @CNN: Former President Obama speaks in Milwaukee: "I'm hoping you think it's wrong to hear people spend years, months, vilifying people,…
RT @ChelseaClinton: When I was 14, an ACT-UP activist interrupted the Easter service our family attended. I never worried he would assassin…
RT @SteveSchmidtSES: I think now is the time. https://t.co/zKcgJW9pzq
RT @ManInTheHoody: the only way to stop a bad guy with trump stickers is a ton of good guys with "i voted" stickers
The thing about a bottomless pit is there is no bottom. The country has been terrorized, and our malignant narcissist POTUS is only concerned about his political future. Goes without saying, but we need a President who cares about all of us. Nov.6 let’s start that happening. VOTE
A fish stinks from the head. Nov.6 Trump is on the ballot. Climate change is on the ballot. Pre-existing conditions are on the ballot. Freedom of speech is on the ballot. White nationalism is on the ballot. Survival of Democracy is on the ballot. VOTE!!!
RT @JohnBrennan: Stop blaming others. Look in the mirror. Your inflammatory rhetoric, insults, lies, &amp; encouragement of physical violence a…
RT @SteveSchmidtSES: Trump has stoked a cold civil war in this Country.  His rallies brim with menace and he has labeled journalists as ene…
Donald Trump tells his cult followers protesters are paid for by Soros. Hillary Clinton should be locked up. John Brennan should lose his clearance. CNN is the enemy of the people. And blames Obama for everything. They’re lives were all threatened. You do the math. VOTE!!!
Donald Trump is a lying piece of garbage. He’s a self avowed fascist who, like all fascists before him, uses outright lies to stoke fear. And if the honest media doesn’t call this out, it will be playing a huge part in destroying Democracy. VOTE!!!
RT @RayRedacted: Whoa.  This 2 minutes is something to behold.    https://t.co/uYZLZ0RVZp
RT @repjohnlewis: I have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to…
The only way Trump and Republicans can win is by bald faced lying, cheating and crushing the right to vote. Decent citizens, don’t take this crap!! If you love Democracy, if you love America, if you love our 242 experiment in self rule, don’t be intimidated! VOTE!!!
Cut the bullshit. MBS ordered the murder of an American resident. Trump is aiding &amp; abetting that murder. And Kushner gave classified intel to MBS in exchange for bailing out 666. And btw,Trump wants to cut health care,Medicare&amp;Soc.Sec. to pay for tax cuts for the rich. So..VOTE!
Remember Trump’s response to Hurricane Maria. Remember how you felt. Remember and don’t forget. VOTE! https://t.co/dZ9in2oDPJ
Trump continues to aid &amp; abet a murder. He continues to spew racist red meat to his followers. He continues degrade women. He continues to lead an administration of staggering corruption. He continues to use our government to line his own pockets. Nov.6 we restore Democracy! VOTE
RT @PreetBharara: Vote them all out. All of them. These craven un-American thugs with no decency. The lot of them. https://t.co/O6ky1X0aW9
RT @SteveSchmidtSES: A US permanent resident, the Father of American children and a Washington Post columnist was murdered in a Saudi Consu…
MBS is lying. Khashoggi was murdered. If Trump doesn’t take appropriate action, he will be aiding and abetting that murder. On Nov.6, when the Democrats take the House, hearings will be held &amp; we will find out how deep the ties are between the House of Saud &amp; the House of Trump.
If you were upset about Trump’s response, or more accurately lack of response to Hurricane Maria, you can let him know how you feel. On Nov.6 VOTE!!! https://t.co/MR8Uown4Ka
If you want to protect Medicare,Social Secuity, your health insurance,the environment,civil rights,minority rights,LBGT rights,women’s rights,public education,gun safety,minimum wage-VOTE! If you want to hold a corrupt POTUS accountable,VOTE!! 19 days to go. Nov. 6 VOTE!!!
I don’t pretend to be a Constitutional scholar, but it seems to me that when a President aids and abets a murder that just might come under the heading of “High crimes and misdemeanors”. Just saying.
RT @BarackObama: The last presidential election turned on fewer than 100,000 votes in three states. More people go to Coachella. There’s no…
RT @chrislhayes: This entire charade is beyond disgusting. https://t.co/U1UirwSJZo
What else is there to say. The President of the United States is siding with a murderer.
RT @HillaryClinton: Our democracy is in crisis. The president degrades the rule of law, spreads corruption, and discredits truth. Over the…
John Dean once said to Richard Nixon:”There’s a cancer on the presidency.” With Donald Trump’s racism, misogyny, pathological lying, and love affairs with murderous autocrats, he has spread his presidential cancer throughout America. On Nov.6 we administer intense radiation. VOTE
In 21 days we will decide if we’ve had enough lying, greed, corruption and heartlessness. We’ll decide if we want a Democracy or an Autocracy run by an ignorant unstable sociopath. I have faith we will make the right decision. VOTE!!!
RT @neiltyson: Imagine how much more advanced society would be today if women, who comprise half the world’s brain power, were socially &amp; i…
Last night the lying insanity that is the President of the United States was on display in full force on 60 Minutes. In 22 days caring Americans can apply a tourniquet to stop the corrupt and heartless bleeding of our Democracy. VOTE!!!
In 23 days America has a choice. It can either vote for racism, misogyny, homophobia, xenophobia &amp; Autocracy or it can vote for human dignity &amp; Democracy. Nov.6, America do the right thing! Vote for human dignity! Vote for Democracy! VOTE!!!
RT @JohnBrennan: Jamal Khashoggi’s apparent death at the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul is an atrocity, and Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman’s…
If Trump had intel of Saudi plan to murder Khashoggi and did nothing and if Kushner shared classified intel enemies list with MBS that led to multiple murders, Trump(with Russian conspiracy) is facing a 2nd epic scandal. We’ll only know if we take the House on Nov.6. VOTE!!!
RT @NathanHRubin: Indiana purged 460k voters. 		Georgia is freezing 50k newly registered Black voters		North Dakota is disenfranchising tho…
In 25 days America will decide if it wants to be a representative Democracy or a fascist Autocracy with a a mentally unstable pathologically lying moron in charge. VOTE!!!
We’re looking at another feather in Trump’s treasonous cap. After conspiring with Russia to undermine our Democracy, he goes easy on a probable Saudi murder. Our founding fathers didn’t sign up for a dictatorship. Nov.6, we right the ship. VOTE!!!
RT @RepJoeKennedy: Let’s count the ways this is a lie:	⁃You tried to take health care from 30 million Americans	⁃When you failed, you made…
Here are 8 great candidates. If we want to preserve 242 years of self rule, we must put a check on the slide toward autocracy. That means taking the House back. Here are 8 ways to help make that happen. VOTE!!! https://t.co/nA08VlXvQ2
The darkest hour for Democracy will only become dawn if those with decency, love, and a thirst for truth vote.
RT @JohnBrennan: It is impossible to overstate @realDonaldTrump’s corrosive impact on our political culture &amp; national character. Rejection…
RT @mercedeslynz: It's a really scary time for dudes right now. So I wrote a song about it. Go #vote friends!  #TheResistance #1Thing @ACLU…
A big shout out to @taylorswift13. for speaking out. You can single handedly change this country. Impress on your fans how critical and powerful their voices are. If you get them to the polls on Nov.6, everything you care about will be protected. #VOTE
RT @davidfrum: If you have not yet read - you must https://t.co/ncyWzNc0Qn
RT @nedprice: The Saudis appear to have murdered a US resident (&amp; a @washingtonpost contributor). The Chinese have arrested the head of INT…
The vast majority of our country is progressive. If we had a pure representative Democracy, one person-one vote, the GOP would never be allowed to govern. Until we get rid of gerrymandering, voter suppression &amp; the electoral college we have to swarm the polls. Nov.6 SWARM VOTE!!!
RT @dnvolz: SCOOP: Deceased GOP operative Peter Smith secretly raised $100k from 4 donors in Oct. 2016 as part of a project to obtain Hilla…
RT @kurteichenwald: Just a note to remember:		If all Democratic protest voters had instead voted for the person who could win in both 2000…
We will remember in November.
RT @TheEllenShow: This tweet is for Dr. Ford. You put yourself through so much and I want you to know it wasn’t in vain. You started a move…
RT @neeratanden: Just a reminder that if Dems take the Senate, Mitch McConnell is no longer Majority Leader, Chuck Grassley is no longer ch…
Susan Collins turns her back on women who have been traumatized by sexual assault. Elections have consequences. To start turning the ship of state back towards the rule of law, decency, truth, and the preservation of Democracy, Nov.6 has to be a lot more than a blue wave. VOTE!!!
RT @SenatorHeitkamp: My statement on U.S. Supreme Court nominee Judge Brett Kavanaugh: https://t.co/exZcK78JtF
RT @SenJeffMerkley: I read the FBI report.  This whole thing is a sham.  This stunted, strangled investigation was designed to provide cove…
RT @SenatorLeahy: Judge Kavanaugh’s stunning decision to pen an op-ed bluntly confirms he has neither the judgment nor the temperament to b…
Women who have been traumatized by the emotional pain of sexual assault have been fighting forever to be heard and believed. If Collins, Murkowski, Manchin, and Flake vote to confirm Kavanaugh, they will be turning their backs on and codifying a woman’s pain.
RT @RonanFarrow: Worth noting that the Post, the Times, and the New Yorker all independently reported this same characterization of the FBI…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: How to do an investigation without really trying:		1.) Set artificial deadline	2.) Dictate which witnesses can be interv…
RT @RonanFarrow: “I feel like I’m being silenced." The FBI declined to interview primary witnesses related to the Kavanaugh allegations it…
This is not 1991. The truth about Kavanaugh is known and, with or without an honest FBI investigation, the public will become acutely aware. The taint on Thomas’ appointment is nothing compared to what we’re looking at. A heavy price to justice will be paid. GOP, step lightly.
FBI investigation-BULLSHIT!!
Trump’s refusal to allow Kavanaugh to talk to the FBI means only one thing: He is guilty of sexual assault and if he talks, he’ll lie. And if he lies, he’ll be committing a federal crime. And if he commits a federal crime, he could go to jail. Just what you want in a SC justice.
RT @romyreiner: I felt sick hearing trump mock Dr Ford at his rally yesterday, I feel sick every day thinking of the children they’ve traum…
Sexual assault, partisanship, angry demeanor are all disqualifying in a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the land. But continually lying under oath is not only disqualifying, but is prosecutable as perjury. Flake said if it is shown he lied, he’s a no. Kavanaugh lied.
RT @Mikel_Jollett: Donald Trump MOCKED a prisoner of war.		He MOCKED a disabled reporter.		He MOCKED a family who lost a son in battle.		An…
The NYT story is a shocker. Who would’ve thought Donald Trump would engage in criminal behavior? Also surprising to learn that all the money he’s pissed away was given to him by daddy. Just one man’s opinion, but I’m thinking he’s a failure in business &amp; as a human being.
Excessive drinking-not good. Credibly accused of sexual assault-horrible. Continually lying under oath-disqualifying.
The lying under oath continues. Now he’s lying about knowing nothing about exposing himself to Deborah Ramirez before it became public. Turns out he talked to friends about refuting it. Looks like we can add witness tampering to perjury. Not to mention sexual assault. SCOTUS? No.
He lied about his in at Yale. He lied about the stolen emails. He lied about “devil’s triangle”. He lied about “boufing”. He lied about how much he drank. He lied about not watching Dr. Ford’s testimony. He lied about sexual misconduct. All under oath. SCOTUS-perjury not accepted
RT @KamalaHarris: Outrageous. The White House should not limit or interfere with the FBI investigation in any way.	https://t.co/i2eeRYqFZW
With his ridiculous restrictions on the FBI investigation, clearly Trump would rather jam a temperamentally unfit perjurer, who clearly committed sexual assault, onto the highest court in the land than stand up for truth and the rights of women.
RT @boilermaker1978: Retired FBI agent, Frank Montoya just said to Joy Reid, if you have information about Brett Kavanaugh, you can go to a…
Ok. One week reprieve. For the sake of truth, the rule of law, due process and what’s left of the integrity of the Supreme Court, it’s time for citizens with real evidence to step forward.
Kavanaugh lied under oath over and over again. That’s a fact. And the fact that the GOP has no problem confirming a perjurer and someone credibly accused of sexual assault to the highest court in the land is unspeakable.
RT @SRuhle: WHY WOULD JUDGE KAVANAUGH LIE ABOUT THIS? https://t.co/jcmx2yK7Zl
100%. Kavanaugh is lying his ass off. If he wasn’t he’d be demanding an FBI investigation.
100%. Dr. Ford tells the truth. If I’m Kavanaugh, I’m pulling my own nomination.
RT @DanRather: GOP doesn't investigate Russian attack on our democracy. They don't want to investigate accusations against Kavanaugh. But w…
To the nations of the world: Not only is our President one to be laughed at, he is to be reviled. He disgraces our country every day with his racism, his misogyny, his narcissism, and his ignorance. The majority of America apologizes. Nov.6 we will start a course correction.
RT @BarackObama: The antidote to government by a powerful few is government by the organized, energized many. This National Voter Registrat…
RT @JohnBrennan: Any attempt by the White House to subvert or manipulate law enforcement should be resisted. Rather than resigning, officia…
RT @JoyceWhiteVance: Now is the time for all the Republicans who said there was no need to pass legislation to protect Mueller to stand the…
The Kavanaugh bread is in the toaster. Just waiting for it to pop up.
RT @MichaelAvenatti: I represent a woman with credible information regarding Judge Kavanaugh and Mark Judge. We will be demanding the oppor…
To allow a person who lied under oath and sexually assaulted someone a seat on the highest court in the land is to pervert one of our three branches of government. No woman should be subjected to what Dr. Ford is experiencing, but if there are others, now is the time to be heard.
RT @Lawrence: Ok men, it's time to answer this question.  I'll start:		I didn't do this in high school.		Or any other time. https://t.co/c6…
RT @DougJones: I’m a former US Attorney. If a judge/juror made a public statement that their mind was made up before all testimony is in, t…
RT @EdKrassen: Some quotes survive 1000 yrs. 		This one will!		Christine Blasey Ford: “How is it that a woman who has been a victim of sexu…
If in fact(as it is now coming to light) that Michael Cohen did travel to Prague during the campaign to meet with Kremlin backed cyber experts to help coordinate Russia’s attack on the United States, Trump goes down for the count.
RT @RepJoeKennedy: 2 out of 3 sexual assaults are never reported. Might have something to do with the fact that for every 1,000 rapes, 994…
The sexual assaulting misogynist Moron-In-Chief strikes again. It was only a matter of time.
There’s one reason, and one reason only, that Trump and the GOP don’t want an investigation into Kavanaugh. HE DID IT!
RT @Lawrence: People who make up stories don’t ask the FBI to investigate those stories.
Unless you’re enough of a misogynist to believe that both Anita Hill and Dr. Ford are both lying about being sexually abused, it is unacceptable for the Supreme Court to have any, let alone two justices who have sexually abused women and lied under oath. Vote Kavanaugh down.
The fact that Kavanaugh sexually assaulted someone doesn’t seem to be a problem for the GOP. Just like they had no problem with a child molester running for Senate or a man who has repeatedly sexually assaulted women being President. Oh &amp; btw, Kavanaugh lied under oath. STOP HIM!
RT @KamalaHarris: Christine Blasey Ford courageously stepped forward to tell her story — it is a credible and serious allegation. The Senat…
In light of the mountain of evidence being amassed against the mentally unstable malignant narcissist, he and his enabling cult followers’ defense has become a tired and hollow death rattle.
Check mate. Game set match. The fat lady is singing. The party’s over.
RT @keithrhernandez: My father died in Puerto Rico between Irma and Maria. 		He died alone, without power, without his medication. 		Fuck t…
RT @romyreiner: The deaths in Puerto Rico are real. The cages that babies were forced into are real. Mass gun violence is real. What isn’t…
As a devastating storm approaches the east coast, the President of the United States accuses Democrats of lying about the deaths of 2,975 Americans. Is it possible to have a sicker more unfeeling human being occupying the White House?
I know words. I have the best words. Tremendously big and tremendously wet are among them.
Bob Woodward says “people better wake up”. Anyone with 2 brain cells in their head is already awake. It’s time for the GOP to shift its priorities from tax cuts for rich people &amp; jamming perjurers onto the Supreme Court to saving Democracy.
RT @SenatorLeahy: Untruthful testimony, under oath and on the record. https://t.co/ngXLaZ5Is1
The GOP piles travesty upon travesty. To allow a mentally unstable President who is awash in criminality to make a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court of a nominee who has committed perjury on 5 occasions is the height of corruption.
For Americans who love this country and care about the future of our 242 years of Democratic self rule, it is imperative to watch President Obama’s speech in Illinois today. He spoke of the America we all want. Inclusive, Fair, &amp; Just. And how to achieve that? VOTE!!!
RT @TheDweck: I’m no HR professional but it’s prob a bad sign when an employee writes an anonymous letter calling you a brain-dead asshole…
RT @kylegriffin1: Trump's pronunciation of "anonymous" is the best video of the night. https://t.co/HCyo5fpN7a
With anomonous we’ve re-entered covfefeville.
There’s a cancer on the Presidency. Its name is Donald J. Trump.
RT @CoryBooker: These are the 4 documents marked committee confidential that I brought up in my questioning of  Supreme Court nominee Brett…
Now we have it. From inside the Trump WH. Conservative Republican WH officials considered invoking 25th Amendment to remove the President from office. We’re a huge step closer to seeing this national nightmare come to an end. GOP electeds, handwriting is on the wall.
We’re in the midst of a Constitutional crisis. Our government is rudderless. The President of the United States is ignorant and mentally unstable and  Republicans in Congress are cowards. Let’s pray the Ship of State doesn’t run aground before Nov.6.
RT @JohnBrennan: Colin Kaepernick drew our collective attention to the problem of continued racial injustice in America. He did so not to d…
RT @darrenrovell: BREAKING: Nike had been paying Colin Kaepernick all along, waiting for the right moment. That moment is now, as he become…
The consciousness of guilt is oozing out of every pore of Trump’s criminal body. If he tries to block the release of Mueller’s report, we will move past the Constitutional crisis, that I feel we are already in, to an existential fight for the survival of Democracy.
RT @robreiner: If you want to understand Trump’s connection to Russia, see @AcMeasuresDoc released today. It’s shocking and completely true…
RT @carlreiner: It has been a good day, my home town baseball team keeps winning and my fake President keeps losing!
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Republicans fell all over themselves to give trillions of dollars of tax cuts to the wealthy and to big businesses, and…
RT @davidhogg111: The young people will win. https://t.co/ysb19ROKSv
A great American patriot is honored today. An illegitimate President is shunned.
If you want to understand Trump’s connection to Russia, see @AcMeasuresDoc released today. It’s shocking and completely true. See it and VOTE! https://t.co/Pw0Car1eHe
RT @Dopeypodcast: Dopey 147: The return of Nick Reiner, Jim and Alan: https://t.co/NcDRdXlPoG via @YouTube
If anyone in the GOP had a scintilla of integrity, the 25th Amendment would have been invoked a long time ago. Overtly lying to US that he didn’t tell Lester Holt he fired Comey over Russia quite simply proves he’s out of his fucking mind.
The voters of Florida are gonna have to decide if they want to join the 21st century and vote for someone (Gillum) who wants to bring people together or embrace a racist past(Desantis) who spews disgusting dog whistles. This one’s easy. VOTE GILLUM!
RT @PeterAlexander: JUST IN: FBI rebuts Trump tweet: “The FBI has not found any evidence the (Clinton) servers were compromised,” an FBI of…
The lunatic cites The Daily Caller to dump more bullshit on US, lying about China hacking Hillary’s emails. This November TRUTH is on the ballot. VOTE!!!
There is nothing more mastabatory than googling yourself at 5:30 in the morning. Unfortunately for this President FOX doesn’t issue a publication with a centerfold.
RT @GenMhayden: Remember this image the next time this President talks about disrespecting veterans. https://t.co/4bO4wq3AZG
Once again by rejecting a White House statement mourning the loss of a true American patriot, John McCain, Donald Trump continues to wear the mantle of “despicable human being” and the most morally bankrupt person ever to occupy the Oval Office.
As brilliant as our forefathers were, they never anticipated a Congress so bereft of patriotism and morality so as not to hold a President awashed in criminality accountable. We are already in a Constitutional crisis. We, the people, can correct this. VOTE!!!
The Ship of Trump(Fools) has just struck a huge WeisselBERG.
Nothing but respect for John McCain. A dedicated life of service to his country. Donald Trump would do well to take even a sentence from a page of John McCain’s book.
As criminal charges mount against him, Donald Trump will rue the day he conspired with an enemy power to steal the American presidency.
The Ship of Trump(fools) has hit the iceberg. And is starting to take on water. Not long before GOP rats take the leap.
YES COLLUSION. LOCK HIM UP.
RT @SteveSchmidtSES: Take a minute to watch a Political Leader with conviction and integrity address a divisive issue. A rare example of pe…
With each new development, Trump’s PR strategy looks more and more pathetic. The stench of fear is starting to emanate from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. And just like Watergate, once that putrid odor wafts up to Capital Hill, the once spineless GOP, will slowly abandon the Liar.
RT @romyreiner: Every time I see trump on tv. LIAR! https://t.co/OpkGd8hg2U
Trump says that in talking to Mueller even if he told the truth he would be called a liar. Sorry, only liars who don’t tell the truth are liars. And since you are incapable of telling the truth, it wouldn’t be much of a perjury trap, you’d just be committing perjury, LIAR!
RT @RepAdamSchiff: When @POTUS first threatened to pull John Brennan’s security clearance in July, @SpeakerRyan said he was just “trolling.…
If the rule of law and the courts hold until Nov.6, our votes will guarantee that racist supporters, a spineless Congress &amp; Vladimir Putin will not be able to save a lying failed grifter. VOTE!!!
Trump is finally on solid ground with “Truth is not truth”. He can continue to lie, obstruct &amp; conspire because now he can fall back on the “I’m out of my fucking mind defense”. But we can’t let that stop us from swarming the polls on Nov.6. VOTE!!!
RT @Comey: Truth exists and truth matters. Truth has always been the touchstone of our country’s justice system and political life. People…
@espn Love it
RT @MaddowBlog: Tonight's Rachel #Maddow interview with John Brennan:		Part 1: https://t.co/EP0ajCp9K7		Part 2: https://t.co/smtIUqD8VR		Pa…
To regain their patriotism and love of our great country every Republican in Congress should be required to watch John Brennan’s appearance on @maddow show. Before Trump completely destroys our Democracy, it’s time to do your duty and protect US.
RT @PreetBharara: This is something https://t.co/QpZtbshDOJ
Every single day Donald Trump abuses his power, obstructs justice, and conspires with an enemy in plain sight. His idiot lawyer says he’s gonna hit Mueller with a ton of bricks. The only person in danger of being buried by bricks is a lying racist. VOTE!!!
We all cry for the loss of Aretha Franklin. But the Queen of Soul will live with us forever.
The would be Autocrat strikes again. John Brennan is a patriot. Stripping the former CIA director of his security clearance should frighten all patriots. Before this mentally unstable fool completely destroys our Democracy &amp; hands US over to Putin, Nov.6 VOTE!!!
RT @InvestigateRU: Now seems like a good time to revisit this very candid conversation @JohnBrennan and James Clapper had with @robreiner a…
If there is corroborating evidence that Trump knew about the stolen emails before their release, it will be the end of his presidency. Even the spineless GOP will not be able to turn they’re backs on proof of a President conspiring with an enemy to destroy Democracy. VOTE!!!
RT @JohnBrennan: It’s astounding how often you fail to live up to minimum standards of decency, civility, &amp; probity. Seems like you will ne…
We don’t need to debate whether or not Trump uses the N-word. Of course he does. But we don’t need to know that to know he is an out and out racist. That’s where we are in 2018. The President of the United States is a racist. We can start to right this racist ship on Nov.6. VOTE!
John McCain is a war hero and a true American patriot. Donald Trump is lying treasonous piece of garbage.
Not the time to get lost in Omarosaville. Or be distracted by an FBI agent fired for tweeting. 86 days left to determine whether we continue to empower a mentally unstable racist or protect our Democracy against an Autocracy headed by a pathological liar. Choice is simple. VOTE!!
RT @politvidchannel: Rep. Stephen Lynch Destroys Republicans for holding 100 hearing into Hillary Clinton's email server AND Only 2 on Russ…
The goal of the Autocrat is to confuse the public with false narratives(conspiracies)&amp; outright lies to cause people to throw up their hands and give themselves over. The vast majority of US is too smart for this moronic wanna be. On Nov.6 we will end his corrupt dreams. VOTE!!!
RT @StevenBeschloss: This is how twisted the thinking has become. They’re actually discussing whether a murderous despot bent on underminin…
Since there is no way on earth that Trump will voluntarily agree to be questioned by Mueller, he should be subpoenaed. The American public has a right to know if their President obstructed justice and conspired with a foreign enemy power to destroy our Democracy.
I know a fish stinks from the head, but I’m still amazed at how many effortless liars Trump is able to surround himself with. But Giuliani,Sanders,Pence etal. can sling all the bullshit they want, it won’t make Trump any less guilty of obstruction &amp; conspiracy. VOTE!!!
RT @davidfrum: It's been a while since I formally studied law, but as best I recollect, an innocent person can always defeat a perjury trap…
Last night we saw the beginning of the formation of the “Blue Wave”. We have 3 months to go. If we want a check on the most corrupt POTUS in US history, if we want to save Democracy, we can’t stop now. Turn the wave into a TSUNAMI! VOTE!!!
A great legal mind once told me you can say whatever you want on TV but inside a court of law, when you put your hand on a bible you have to tell the truth. That’s why this pathologically lying POTUS will never sit with Mueller. Tweets will not save him from treason. VOTE!!!
We’re facing the biggest scandal in  American history. A US President conspiring with an enemy to undermine Democracy. Mueller is engaged in a counter intelligence investigation. Extremely complicated. Be patient it takes time. But US most corrupt POTUS will go down. VOTE!
RT @JuddLegum: TRUMP: Creates fake university to scam students, pays $25 million fine for fraud 		LEBRON: Creates top-notch public high sch…
We face gerrymandering, voter suppression &amp; a President who welcomes continued Russian attacks. But don’t despair. We are the majority. If we swarm the polls, we will overcome. Fight for decency,inclusion &amp; the rule of law. Fight for Democracy. Vote. Vote! VOTE!!!
Every 4 years, when we vote for President, we’re told it’s the most important election in our lifetime.	I’ve been alive for 18 presidential elections. They’ve all been important. But none are as important as this midterm. The life of Democracy is literally at stake. VOTE!!!
RT @Acosta: I walked out of the end of that briefing because I am totally saddened by what just happened. Sarah Sanders was repeatedly give…
RT @RepSwalwell: Enjoyed seeing #ActiveMeasures documentary featured on @Morning_Joe. I was interviewed in the film, which lays out how clo…
RT @SallyQYates: Today our president called on his (recused) AG to shut down the investigation of his own campaign. As shocking as that is,…
America is fighting for its life. DT has injected US with the toxins of racism, misogyny, xenophobia &amp; lies. He is obstructing justice &amp; conspiring with an enemy to destroy Democracy. Patriots will not let America die. VOTE!!!
Trump’s been called an idiot by his Ch. of Staff &amp; a fucking moron by his Sec. of State. Yet in plain sight he’s defraud US, obstructed justice &amp; conspired with an enemy to steal an election. On Nov. 6 if we don’t vote to weaken him, we’re the idiots. VOTE!!!
RT @ProudResister: Dear @GOP,		Putting children in prison camps.	WE’LL REMEMBER IN NOVEMBER.		Targeting preexisting conditions.	WE’LL REMEM…
1. No matter how many times you repeat “no collusion” doesn’t make it true. 2. It’s conspiracy with an enemy to attack our Democracy for which you are guilty 3. The noose is tightening 4. In Nov. US Patriots will take this country back. VOTE EARLY! SWARM THE POLLS! VOTE!!
RT @romyreiner: Trump’s Presidential Solutions		Mass Shootings -Golf 	Hurricane - Golf 	Immigration and human rights crisis (that he create…
The beauty of being a pathological liar is you can lie your ass off and feel no shame. However if you’re a moronic pathological liar and you’re conspiring with an enemy, hard to convince people you’re not committing Treason. Good luck POTUS.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: If Trump knew about the June 9 meeting, this is the chronology:		The Russians offered Trump help		Trump approved getting…
Started the day by saying that the President of the United States was fucked. Now I can say he is *royally* fucked. He’s looking at the whole boatload: Conspiracy Collusion Obstruction of Justice. Get out your umbrellas for the lying vomitous tweet storm.
As long as our Liar-in-Chief has been has been alive, he’s been trying to convince people that 2+2=5. Now with his longtime accountant having to testify in front of a Grand Jury, we’ll find out if that is true. My guess, the President of the United States is fucked.
RT @MalcolmNance: Vote early because they generally use paper ballots. That cannot be hacked. https://t.co/2CQwiGwYw0
The WH release of altered transcript of Putin/Trump presser is further proof of treason. Part of Russia’s attack on US was a massive disinformation campaign to sow confusion. Spreading lies destroying reality is classic Autocrat tactic. Trump conspires with enemy. TREASON.
RT @MaddowBlog: The president disappearing evidence that's laying there in plain sight, pretending that up is down and black is white, this…
The President of the United is committing treason in plain sight. Russia has declared 21st century war on US. They attacked, and continue to attack our elections. They’ve attacked our power grids. Our President refuses to defend US. He is aiding &amp; abetting the enemy. TREASON.
RT @Comey: Thought experiment: Make a list of all the public figures in this country and around the world the current president has critici…
RT @InvestigateRU: Report: Russian Hackers Came Close To Causing U.S. Blackouts Last Year https://t.co/Ftuwe1u4yo
We’ve just taken another big step towards Autocracy. An illegitimate President just threatened to remove security clearances from John Brennan, James Clapper &amp; Michael Hayden for being patriots who are critical of a POTUS hell bent on destroying Democracy. Save the US. VOTE!!!
RT @romyreiner: SOMEONE ASK HIM TO POINT OUT IRAN ON A MAP. PLEAAASE https://t.co/yA8chFBWDJ
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Looking more and more like the President cannot separate fact from fiction. FBI had good reason to believe Page was an a…
Barring a Trump/Putin videotape of Putin promising Trump the presidency in exchange for lifting sanctions(and even then), true patriots will never convince Trump cultists that our Democracy is under attack &amp; Mr. Kompromat refuses to defend US. Nov. SWARM THE POLLS! VOTE!!!
RT @InvestigateRU: Did Putin share stolen election data with Trump? https://t.co/Q4wOohbNZc
In 2018 the internet has redefined life on the planet. Traditional warfare now must include cyber warfare. We know its capability to be weaponized, not just through social media but through physical destruction of power grids etc. DT’s complicity with Russia’s attack is TREASON!
Donald Trump is so covered in criminality that the GOP’s blind allegiance has to be more than just the fear of losing their seats. Going out on a pretty strong limb and saying the pathological liar isn’t the only one to be given a little help from comrade Vlad.
RT @InvestigateRU: In conversation with @robreiner, @juliaioffe, and @DavidCornDC, @EvelynNFarkas explains it’s possible we find out Paul M…
RT @romyreiner: Whether Trump sides with Putin, creates one of the biggest human rights disasters (children in cages), or pays off women to…
How far does this treasonous criminal have to go before a prominent patriotic Republican, with something to lose, stands up before we lose America?
Well now we know. Donald Trump obstructed justice and covered up up the conspiracy of Vladimir Putin’s personally ordered attack on our Democracy. Republicans will either stand up and bring this criminal President to justice or aid and abet the end of 242 years of self rule.
How does the Secretary of State of  The United States Of America sit next to that lying piece of crap and not speak up? We’re under attack! He swore an oath on the Bible to protect US. He, Trump &amp; every enabler in the most corrupt administration in history is committing treason!
It’s clear. The GOP is not only fine with Trump shooting an American on 5th Ave., they’re okay with him giving Putin a gun to shoot as many Americans as he wants. History will not look kindly on them. True patriots have only one weapon. VOTE!!!
RT @davidhogg111: Russia used the NRA to give Trump $30 million 	Russia used the NRA to give Trump $30 million 	Russia used the NRA to give…
The United States was attacked. We didn’t see bombs hitting Pearl Harbor. We didn’t see planes crash into buildings. But cyber missiles struck the heart of our Democracy. It was an insidious Act of War. Anyone who aids and abets this is committing Treason.
RT @HillaryClinton: Well, now we know. https://t.co/olQlhzQiuO
RT @JohnBrennan: Donald Trump’s press conference performance in Helsinki rises to &amp; exceeds the threshold of “high crimes &amp; misdemeanors.”…
The President of the United States is committing treason in front of the whole world.
Tomorrow, @realDonaldTrump is meeting with Putin—who attacked our democracy and 2016 election. Yet Trump is backing out of meeting w/ Mueller, who is investigating the conspiracy. Watch my video w/ @MoveOn &amp; sign my petition demanding Trump #MeetMueller! https://t.co/oIvXhdeCXC https://t.co/omgrFks3mM
RT @RepSwalwell: FDR didn’t meet w/ the Japanese after Pearl Harbor. George H.W. Bush didn’t meet w/ Saddam after Iraq invaded Kuwait. And…
RT @WalshFreedom: I'm a Conservative. When I was in Congress, I was one of it's most conservative Members.		But dammit, I'm an American fir…
It’s this simple: The United States of America was attacked by a foreign enemy power and our President refuses to defend us.
It is now crystal clear that the Trump campaign conspired with Russia in the attack on our Democracy. At this point the only way Trump can avoid the consequences of his crimes is to invoke the Moron Defense. “I was too stupid to obstruct or conspire.” VOTE!!!
How is the Liar-in-Chief gonna explain this one when his buddy Putin says he had nothing to do with attacking our country? Trump has a choice: 1. Keep sucking up to his handler 2. Stand up for America. Why do I think the compromised narcissist will choose his pocketbook?
RT @JohnBrennan: Watching the spectacle of the House “hearing” with Peter Strzok today, I was reminded of the words of Abraham Lincoln: 		“…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: In 1938, Churchill published a series of speeches warning of Germany’s rising menace, “While England Slept.”		Today, one…
GOP reeks of desperation. Straws are mightily being grasped. All in service of protecting a lying race baiting misogynist who’s campaign conspired with a foreign enemy power to undermine our democracy. For the love of US we can not let this happen. VOTE!!!
RT @JessicaBiel: Based on the true story of journalists who fought for the truth, #ShockAweMovie is now playing in theaters and also availa…
RT @JohnBrennan: It is in the interest of America’s security if NATO leaders push back against the reckless behavior of Donald Trump, who i…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: While Republicans sleep: A rising tide of authoritarianism sweeps over capitals in Turkey and the Philippines, in Hungar…
With Trump’s disgraceful and ignorant diatribe denigrating Germany and our most important strategic alliance, NATO, he is taking another frightening step towards destroying everything we stand for. Putin is getting a great return on his investment. Time to wake up, America.
RT @Mikel_Jollett: Donald Trump’s campaign manager IS IN JAIL.		5 members of his campaign have PLEAD GUILTY to charges brought by the Muell…
It’s official. Trump, who is now under investigation for obstruction of justice and conspiring with an enemy to destroy Democracy, has selected the judges who could rule on whether he can be forced to testify, be indicted or pardon himself. Autocracy here we come. VOTE!!!
RT @michelereiner: Where is @IvankaTrump, champion of women and children? Why isn’t she helping reunite these families?	She and her childre…
Let’s be clear. At this point in our history, a vote for a republican is a vote for institutional racism, sexism and a vote to enable the destruction of Democracy. To Democrats: VOTE! To principled Republicans: VOTE DEMOCRATIC!
The cornered rat is working overtime to destroy the rule of law. He sits in the center of the biggest scandal in US history. But all the “witch hunts” &amp; “no collusions” can’t put a racist lying broken soul together again.
RT @carlreiner: There is nothing more important than reminding myself of the pain that separated children and parents are suffering because…
RT @romyreiner: Making fun of the #MeToo movement, normalizing Putin, insulting everyone who isn’t white, illegally getting his way to the…
RT @ShockAweMovie: In 1 week, find out why the conspiracy was real. #ShockAweMovie is in theaters next Friday! https://t.co/4e4ZsXwTFV
The second most corrupt person in Trump’s administration just resigned. Now let’s get the biggest Swamp Thing outta there.
I’ve said it before. We are in the last battle of the Civil War. White Nationalists, lead by Trump’s racism, are fighting tooth &amp; nail to destroy America’s greatest strength-Diversity. This Nov. we must hand them a crushing defeat. Preserve the Union. VOTE!
The greatest gift we can give to America on her 242nd birthday is the survival of Democracy. The forces of authoritarianism and racism are fighting to destroy it. Now is the time for Patriots to stand up and make our voices heard. We love you America. STAY STRONG!!!
RT @nowthisnews: The Trump administration is forcing children as young as toddlers to represent themselves in immigration courts https://t.…
The only two people who don’t believe that Vladimir Putin helped Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election are Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump. If you don’t like living under an autocratic regime, you have a chance to not let that happen. VOTE!!!
RT @InvestigateRU: NSA John Bolton on Sunday: Putin said there was no meddling in 2016 by the Russian state: https://t.co/77e14C8zZW…/bolto…
Michael Cohen is starting to talk. Donald Trump is starting to shit.
If you want to understand the motives of a lying mentally unstable racist failed businessman, check out Malcolm Nance’s new book The plot To Destroy Democracy. DT is a witting puppet of Vladimir Putin. Democracy is up for sale. We, the people, have the power to stop him. VOTE!!!
To preserve 242 years of self rule, please spread the word. Critical! https://t.co/H1Gzcx1VqK
A President who is under investigation for possible money laundering, obstruction of justice &amp; conspiring with an enemy to undermine Democracy can not be allowed to pick a Supreme Court justice who will decide his criminality. We still are a nation of laws.
RT @chrislhayes: The President once again defending Russia’s innocence in electoral sabotage that *helped him get elected*, as he sets up a…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Here’s my message to House Republicans: 		Wake up. Do your job.		You swore an oath to the Constitution, not to this Pres…
RT @romyreiner: Imagine a time where the President of the United States of America has a closer relationship to the worlds two scariest dic…
RT @Alyssa_Milano: TRUMP SHOULD NOT BE ABLE TO CHOOSE A LIFETIME APPOINTEE WHILE HE IS UNDER FEDERAL INVESTIGATION. FULL STOP.
RT @NatashaBertrand: Laughter erupts after Jim Jordan asks Rosenstein: "Did you threaten to subpoena their calls and emails?"	"No, sir, and…
RT @JackiSchechner: The president of the United States is under investigation for possible cooperation with a foreign adversary to win an e…
The illegitimate POTUS will now try to ram a SCOTUS nominee through before Nov. So much for that McConnell rule. Calling on two principled Republicans to stand up against tyranny.
RT @InvestigateRU: Let’s do a refresher. President Trump – who called Judge Ellis "really something very special” and "a respected person”…
With today’s Supreme Court ruling the slippery slope just got a whole lot more slippery. If we don’t want 242 years of self rule to slip into fascism, we’ll need the blue wave to overcome gerrymandering, Russian meddling &amp; complicit media propaganda. Fight for Democracy! VOTE!!!
RT @JimCarrey: So I fixed the controversial TIME Magazine cover. This is much more appropriate. You’re welcome @time https://t.co/VMDtGTj5Zy
RT @Lawrence: Please keep doing this, Andrew. Please. 		(Retweet if you want more reporters to do this.) https://t.co/3VBDiMfBg8
Make no mistake, the President of the United States is holding children hostage as pawns to feed his racist base. He’s holding the rule of law hostage. He’s holding the Constitution hostage. He’s holding US hostage. This slide towards fascism must stop this November. VOTE!!!
RT @amjoyshow: .@RobReiner condemns #Trump: What we’re doing to immigrants in U.S. is inhuman https://t.co/QuAt4Va1CI via @amjoyshow
RT @krassenstein: Everyone in the media needs to watch this. 		This is how you FACT CHECK a Trump surrogate. 		EPIC!! https://t.co/1SSXWh6r…
RT @amjoyshow: .@MICHELEREINER: They follow the exact same pattern that Hitler has, I hate to say it, with the propaganda. Even down to… th…
RT @romyreiner: Speech at protest for Tornillo detention facility. https://t.co/S7DYP3AHov
RT @JohnBrennan: Your fear of exposure is palpable. Your desperation even more so. When will those of conscience among your Cabinet, inner…
This November Donald Trump is not on the ballot. But inhumanity is. So are racism, Incompetence, corruption, immorality and fraud. To protect the free press, the rule of law, truth and Democracy, the blue wave must become a tsunami. VOTE!!!
RT @kylegriffin1: Ted Lieu plays the ProPublica audio of crying children in detention centers on the House floor.		Karen Handel, who was pr…
RT @MichaelAvenatti: I rarely ask for help but I’m asking now. We need to pressure the govt to reunite families NOW by using a single stagi…
RT @92Y: We're "turning it up to 11" on June 27 - when @robreiner visits 92Y! He'll discuss his illustrious career - This is Spinal Tap, Wh…
DT spews racism, sexually assaults women, defrauds people of their life savings, uses his position to self deal, attacks the press, our allies &amp; the rule of law. He destroys families with a humanitarian crisis he created. And he lies about it all. VOTE!!!
RT @chrislhayes: First time illegal entry into the United States is a misdemeanor.		Lying on or omitting materially relevant information fr…
RT @romyreiner: While I think it’s idiotic that there’s a #NationalSelfieday I will share one. This woman should be leading our country, bu…
Signing your name to a piece of paper doesn’t imbue you with humanity. You’re zero tolerance policy is turning US into a human rights violator. Claiming “law &amp; order” is not justice, it’s fascism. Your racist dreams of a white America is ugly. An inclusive America is beautiful.
Taking ownership of and reversing the horrific policy of separating parents from children is a necessary first step towards fixing a created crisis. But a comprehensive humane immigration policy can not exist when a fascist demagogue refers to immigrants as murderers and rapists
The President of the United States is a monster. Decent loving Republicans must now stand up. America can not be a country that approves of traumatizing children. Americans did not spill their blood in WW2 to defeat fascism only to allow it to take root now. Let humanity prevail.
RT @JasonKander: Imagine being so powerful you could make one phone call and (BAM!) you’ve reunited thousands of scared, confused little ki…
RT @StephenAtHome: One thing I know for sure: no one on the right side of history has ever had to nitpick what the definition of “cage” is.
RT @SenJohnMcCain: The administration’s current family separation policy is an affront to the decency of the American people, and contrary…
What a surprise. The President is lying his ass off once again. Those who back this sick immoral criminal are not only aiding and abetting this inhumanity, but are are allowing fascism to take root in America. Ripping children away from their parents is fascism pure and simple.
RT @brianstelter: No, these aren't cages, @SteveDoocy says. The authorities simply "built walls out of chain-link fences." Yes, that's a re…
RT @MichaelAvenatti: Stephen Miller: Congrats, the separation policy that you sold to your boss Mr. Trump will result in images that will c…
RT @RepJoeKennedy: Arrived in Tornillo TX where first tent city for kids has gone up. Was refused entrance by HHS. Given amount of misinfor…
Ripping children away from their parents is fascism. Embracing white nationalism throughout the world is fascism. Trying to destroy the free press and the rule of law is fascism. America, keep your eyes wide open. Donald Trump is wearing his racist fascist badge with pride.
RT @chrislhayes: The president and the GOP are currently using 2000 children, stolen from their parents, as leverage for a bill to make asy…
RT @johnlegend: Seriously, fuck you. Reunite the families at the border and we can talk about father's day. https://t.co/bbG0gVqfzq
DT is 100% responsible for traumatizing children with his barbaric policy of tearing them away from their parents. He’s a racist who needs to feed his racist base. But America, in fits and starts, always bends towards decency and justice. VOTE!!
RT @InvestigateRU: Wanting to know whether the president of the United States has been compromised by a hostile foreign power should not be…
RT @SenKamalaHarris: We have a bill to stop the Trump Administration's zero-tolerance policy of ripping children away from their parents. I…
RT @romyreiner: You know it’s funny, I just read in the Bible that Paul Manafort is going to jail. God always has a funny way of turning th…
The President of the United States is a lying sack of crap. His followers’ ignorance is continually reinforced with a constant torrent of lies. Honest media is in the fight of their lives. Stay vigilant. 241 years of self rule hangs in the balance.
RT @Yamiche: Sarah Sanders is repeating over and over again that it's the law to separate immigrant children and from their parents. 		Fact…
It’s one thing to be an illegitimate lying criminal POTUS who calls the free press the enemy of the people &amp; attacks the rule of law, but when you traumatize children by tearing them away from their parents, you have no soul and there truly is a place in hell for you.
RT @SteveSchmidtSES: Senator, look at the pack of racists and weirdos who just won GOP nominations this week. KJU is a tyrant who is celebr…
RT @Lawrence: Note to news media: there is no North Korea "deal." If you use the word "deal" you're spreading Trump propaganda.		A deal has…
Now that Trump has solved that whole North Korea thing, he can get back to focusing on what a lying criminal illegitimate colluding with a foreign enemy to destroy Democracy POTUS he is. I wonder if Michael Cohen can help him shed some light on things.
RT @davidfrum: North Korea solved! It was just as easy as giving Kim everything he wanted and asking nothing in return. Why didn’t previous…
We continue to be be assaulted by the Art of the Lie. US gets played by NK and snake oil POTUS declares victory. His “enemy of the people” must work to save Democracy. Journalist John Walcott once said: When the govt. says something, you have only one question to ask, IS IT TRUE.
RT @Acosta: Dear Brad.. dictatorships take away press credentials. Not democracies. https://t.co/TqgCHOW0t6
RT @KPRC2Jake: I didn’t think I’d beat @KingJames to the punch but hopefully he’ll follow my lead to Los Angeles (Lakers). Thank you to @KP…
Before they start dusting off the Nobel, the Devil is going to be one busy Satan. To quote an incompetent compromised leader: “We’ll see what happens.” But we’re off to a good start. Both sides have agreed to a verification process overseen by Dennis Rodman.
RT @romyreiner: Original cartoon by me https://t.co/lySw7UHvq8
When an American President attacks our closest allies and embraces a hostile enemy power who is trying to destroy our Democracy and democracies around the world, we can only conclude that he has been compromised and is in a conspiracy to commit treason.
RT @kylegriffin1: Dick Thornburgh, ex-Att’y General and lifelong Republican: "We must all speak out and work to protect the special counsel…
RT @PekingMike: I was fortunate enough to watch a screening of the new @robreiner film “Shock and Awe” this week. Can’t recommend it enough…
RT @RepJohnYarmuth: Say what you will about Trump, he sure is loyal to the country that elected him. https://t.co/7Lw4gvLi3y
An ignorant incurious failed businessman with a seriously damaged psyche is desperate to be accepted as a strongman. So he rejects Democracy. Turns his back on allies, attacks the press, tries to destroy rule of law. We either continue to fight back or accept Autocracy. VOTE!!!
If you live your life as a criminal, you’re going to be under constant investigation and subject to continual lawsuits. Mueller, DNC, 200 Democrats, CREW &amp; Stormy. All lined up to give the lying racist a world of hurt. And come Nov. Patriots will deliver the KO punch. VOTE!!!
There is no question about it. Trump’s guilt is gushing out of every pore of his being. But he has worked so hard to poison the minds of his base, that the TRUTH will have to work even harder to insure justice. Patriots must be relentless. Our weapons are TRUTH &amp; the VOTE.
The brilliant legal team of Giuliani &amp; Trump, in preparation of the Constitutional crisis of their own making, have already started making their oral arguments. Apparently a president can get away with murder because he can pardon himself. Seems like solid legal thinking. VOTE!!!
RT @RepAdamSchiff: First, we’re told there were no meetings with Russians. Then, we’re told Trump had no part in drafting the false Trump T…
RT @danpfeiffer: Repeat after me: The President's son, son-in-law, and campaign manager met with Russian operatives who promised dirt on Cl…
RT @SteveSchmidtSES: A clear line has been drawn with the release of Trumps legal memo. Make no mistake, it is a direct attack on the rule…
Trump is fighting like hell to avoid being questioned by Mueller. He knows the Russians helped him get elected. To keep US from finding that out, he has obstructed justice. He will continue to do that until he is slapped down by the TRUTH. Rule of Law will prevail.
RT @InvestigateRU: The best way to fight propaganda and disinformation is to call it out early and often. 		The first step is being able to…
RT @tedlieu: Dear @realDonaldTrump: Remember when you went on national TV with Lester Holt &amp; told the American people you fired James Comey…
Babies taken from their mothers. Arpaio DeSouza get pardons. Slush funds to pay off porn stars. Tearing down free press and justice system. Lies flying out of his mouth like projectile vomit. He tries to bury Democracy in his criminal cesspool. Not gonna happen. VOTE!!
RT @romyreiner: It is the middle ground between light and shadow, between science and superstition, and it lies between the pit of man's fe…
We’re starting to see some cracks in the dam. Shepard Smith &amp; Judge Napolitano at Fox, Trey Gowdy &amp; a handful of GOP electeds are starting to tell the truth. We’re a ways off, but if we keep hammering away, TRUTH will burst that dam.
RT @bcsproul: In Roseanne’s defense, it’s hard to know the difference between racism that gets you fired versus racism that gets you electe…
ABC has done the right thing. They’ve stood up against racism. It is our country’s original sin. But this is 2018 and it has no place in the hearts of decent people. Unfortunately our president has stoked these evil fires. If he doesn’t applaud ABC, he will continue to stoke evil
Trump has one real talent, lying his ass off. He and his criminal abetters, Giuliani &amp; FOX have conspired to lie to cement his base. If we want to preserve Democracy, TRUTH is our ultimate weapon. An illegitimate President was elected with the help of an enemy power. TRUTH.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: It begins by seeding the ground with a falsehood: "They spied on the Trump campaign." It's then promoted by the Presiden…
Everyone knows Trump is pathologically lying sack of crap. But when you lie about your own policy of physically ripping children away from their mothers and blame everyone but yourself, you’ve reached a new level despicable atrocity.
RT @chrislhayes: I am reading these first-hand accounts of mothers who had their children taken from them, with no word of where they were…
RT @maddow: ➡️➡️➡️➡️➡️➡️➡️ https://t.co/Cs4qCOHpHb
Just when you think this President can’t get more putrid, you learn he hires a dark spy org.(Black Cube)to destroy the lives of Obama aides to wreck the Iran deal. And when you learn he rips infants from their mothers to satisfy a racist base, you want to throw up. Don’t. VOTE!!
RT @Comey: Dangerous time when our country is led by those who will lie about anything, backed by those who will believe anything, based on…
Teapot Dome, Iran Contra, Watergate were child’s play compared to what we’re facing. A lying criminal sack of garbage aided by State TV &amp; spineless GOP  desecrating 241 yrs. of Democracy. US patriots will not let bullshit branding destroy sovereign self rule.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: False statements about wiretaps at Trump Tower.		False statements about unmasking.		False statesments about a political…
RT @DavidCornDC: A good quick summation of Trump-Russia links by @JohnJHarwood and CNBC, Still, don't forget to read "Russian Roulette" for…
RT @robreiner: Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has unequivocally stated that Russia’s attack on the 2016 presidentia…
RT @InvestigateRU: “The president may not understand the long-term damage he’s doing, but I guarantee the Russians understand that.” - form…
Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has unequivocally stated that Russia’s attack on the 2016 presidential election helped elect Donald Trump. America has an illegitimate president who is tearing down Democracy. ALL HANDS ON DECK!
Why do I think that if Elliot Broidy took the 1.6 mil. hit to pay off a Playboy playmate who had an abortion to cover for Donald Trump the Christian Evangelicals would be completely fine with that?
Democracy is being dismantled in front of us. The fact that no Democrats are invited to the DOJ briefing on the FBI informant screams politics Trumps national security and the rule of law. We’re way beyond the slippery slope. We’re heading to the abyss.
RT @Evan_McMullin: I’m increasingly concerned for our nation. When the president works to expose law enforcement sources contributing to an…
RT @EricHolder: More DOJ norms being eroded. Trump-a SUBJECT of the investigation-wants access to material related to the inquiry. His Cong…
Richard Nixon was driven from office over obstruction of justice and abuse of power. Donald Trump, at a minimum, has done those things in plain sight. Difference is current GOP is ok with that. Today’s WH mtg. with DOJ is a big shot over Democracy’s bow. We’re heading for war.
RT @JohnWDean: Corruption on a presidential scale.  The public records that Will Bunch has examined tell a horrifying story. https://t.co/p…
RT @JohnBrennan: Senator McConnell &amp; Speaker Ryan: If Mr. Trump continues along this disastrous path, you will bear major responsibility fo…
Can no longer mince words. Donald Trump has conspired with foreign powers to pervert our democracy. He has outed an intelligence asset threatening our national security. He has obstructed justice. He has miserably failed to uphold his oath of office. TREASON! VOTE!!
RT @StevenJHarper1: Go to the #TrumpRussia Timeline @InvestigateRU and click on Erik Prince’s name. The facts speak for themselves: Prince…
RT @InvestigateRU: “Companies connected to Mr. Zamel also have ties to Russia. One of his firms had previously worked for oligarchs linked…
After the Mueller investigation is completed the question will be: What foreign country did the pathological lying criminal not collude with? Our democracy is being thrown on to a funeral pyre. And the GOP is fine with that. But the majority of us are not. VOTE!
RT @JackiSchechner: As EIC of https://t.co/3bu9TCF6VY, I will not post stories about Mueller’s side of the investigation when Giuliani is t…
RT @Emma4Change: Santa Fe High, you didn’t deserve this. You deserve peace all your lives, not just after a tombstone saying that is put ov…
Just previewed the trailer for my new film Shock And Awe which focuses on the struggle of the free press to push the truth out and uncover an administration’s lies. The film premieres on Direct TV on June 14. In theaters July13. https://t.co/Hg5VGyndYk
Going on Morning Joe today to talk about my new film Shock And Awe and how Trump’s assault on the free press threatens our democracy.
After only 1 year of investigating the biggest and most complicated scandal in US history, a frightened Trump is putting on a full court press to try to shut it down. With a complicit GOP &amp; state run TV at war with the truth, battle lines have been drawn. Fight for Democracy!!
The corruption and criminality of this administration is breathtaking. At this point shooting someone on 5th Ave. would look like child’s play. November or the Mueller avalanche can’t come soon enough.
RT @romyreiner: I was told that if I voted for @HillaryClinton I would have a criminal in office. Not only did I get a criminal, but I got…
RT @ProudResister: Things that offend GOP:	🔹Pink Pussy Hats	🔹Rainbow Flags	🔹ObamaCare	🔹”Happy Holidays”	🔹NFL Players kneeling		Things that…
RT @kasie: THEY CONCUR: Senate Intelligence Committee agrees with intelligence community's assessment that Russia interfered in the 2016 el…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: The Senate Judiciary Committee just released the transcripts of interviews about the Trump Tower meeting.	 	We tried to…
Just because Trump commits an atrocious act of ethical or criminal misconduct on a daily basis, we must never become immune to the stench emanating from his swamp. To help a Chinese tel. co. that could threaten our Nat.Sec. for 500 mil is possible treason. UNACCEPTABLE!
RT @Kasparov63: Like eliminating the Navy after Pearl Harbor. https://t.co/AYG0xLoUj3
RT @RepAdamSchiff: China backs Trump project in Indonesia to tune of $500 million. Trump backs China with fix for ZTE, a company that has c…
RT @JohnBrennan: Deaths in Gaza result of utter disregard of Messers Trump &amp; Netanyahu for Palestinian rights &amp; homeland. By moving Embassy…
We’re told that Trump whisperer Sean Hannity and the pathological liar engage in pillow talk every night. Comforting to know that the fate of democracy and the free world rests in the hands of a ventriloquist and his dummy.
RT @romyreiner: Happy Mother’s Day to all the moms out there https://t.co/kAR3Y5auCl
If we’re tired of the ignorance, the misogyny, the racism, the insane narcissism, the criminality, the attacks on the press, the rule of law, on Democracy itself, it’s critical that we take the first step back to sanity and vote to flip The House.
RT @MichaelAvenatti: Let this serve as formal notice - there is significantly more evidence and facts to come relating to Mr. Cohen's deali…
RT @RonaldKlain: The WH hosted military spouses today.  Our armed forces are 40% non-white.  The odds that -- BY CHANCE -- a group of 52 mi…
Mike Pence has shown Mueller a huge tell. His call to end the investigation tells the Special Counsel he’s closing in on guilt. And the only thing Michael Cohen is “fixing” is Donald Trump’s criminal wagon. Guessing that POTUS doesn’t know whether to shit or wind his watch.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: VP Pence has now brought his sycophancy to a whole new level. With questions concerning which senior transition official…
He pulls out of the Iran deal. Iran attacks Israel. Israel retaliates. Does the Nobel still have the Ignorant Moron category?
RT @MichaelAvenatti: WOW. Evidently, the personal attorney to Mr. Trump (NOT a lobbying firm) was actively soliciting clients and trying to…
Mt. Collusion just erupted! And Trump is covered by hot flowing Vekselberg. Love to watch Giuliani try to clean up this mess.
RT @BarackObama: There are few issues more important to the security of the US than the potential spread of nuclear weapons or the potentia…
RT @romyreiner: Someone ask Trump where Iran is and what the Nuclear deal is. Please please please.
RT @JohnBrennan: Today, Donald Trump simultaneously lied about the Iranian nuclear deal, undermined global confidence in US commitments, al…
After every crazy shit ass thing Trump does, we all say “Well that’s it. It’s over now.” But then somehow, like the Terminator, he’s still there. But if it turns out that Trump, not Broidy, paid off the 2nd playmate, this time as President, I do believe it’s toast.
The one positive contribution Trump has made to America is moral clarity. When committing sexual abuse all one needs to do deny it, call the victim a liar, and it’s all okay. We should all be grateful for a strong decisive leader.
After watching Rudy defend Trump on Stephanopoulos, unless there’s an unknown legal strategy that relies on stupidity and dementia, Trump is fucked.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: What Kellyanne Conway and Sarah Huckabee Sanders are doing — taking the President’s abundant falsehoods and trying to we…
RT @SteveSchmidtSES: The Republican Congress is ground zero in this country for an epidemic of public cowardice. Ryan and the rest surrende…
RT @SteveSchmidtSES: Lie and Liar. These words have a plain and simple meaning in the English language. Media organizations should use them…
Somehow a president who continually lies is acceptable. The question is: When it is shown that that president has committed serious crimes, will that be acceptable?
RT @andylassner: Dear media,		President Trump lies. 		He doesn’t “reverse his position”, “tell untruths”, “exaggerate”, “distort”, “speak…
Spent last night flipping back and forth between MSNBC &amp; the alternative facts world of Fox and thought there’s no hope. Then after listening to Neil Cavuto, I thought, like the rose in Spanish Harlem, the truth just might be pushing up through the concrete.
RT @RWPUSA: Even FOX is starting to smell something nasty with Trump.		"I guess you’re too busy draining the swamp to ever stop and smell t…
RT @chrislhayes: Could it be — and I’m just spitballing here — that they lie about literally everything?
We’re beyond a shitstorm. With representatives like Giuliani, Trump is nailing himself into his own coffin. I would say the wheels are coming off this presidency, but I don’t think it had any wheels to begin with. Feels like comeuppance is in sight.
RT @InvestigateRU: ICYMI: A story that’s going to fly under the radar today and shouldn’t: 		Ukraine, Seeking U.S. Missiles, Halted Coopera…
RT @joncoopertweets: Trump's former National Security Advisor Mike Flynn and his son went to Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak's home Dec.…
Every day the President of the United States tells at least five lies. Every day the President of the United States or someone in his administration is accused of unethical or criminal behavior. It’s exhausting. But hang in there. Justice will be served.
Mr. President, if you refuse to answer Mueller’s questions, you’re fucked. If you agree to answer his questions, you’re fucked. Have a nice evening.
It doesn’t take John Kelly calling Trump an idiot or Tillerson saying he’s a fucking moron for us to know what a complete an utter fool we have in the WH. It’s just unfortunate that the wheels of justice move so slowly. Confident the just end will come to the lying criminal.
In my new film Shock And Awe, 4 journalists seek the truth in the run up to the Iraq war. Editor to reporters: “When the government says something you only have one question to ask, is it true?” If we don’t want autocracy celebrate Michelle Wolf’s truths not Trump’s lies.
I attended the WHCD last night. Donald Trump has so poisoned the atmosphere by attacking the disabled, gold star parents, Muslims, Mexicans, Blacks, women, the press, the rule of law that a comedian who simply tells the truth is offensive? She’s joking. He’s not.
RT @JohnBrennan: Mr. Trump: Your hypocrisy knows no bounds. Jim Clapper is a man of integrity, honesty, ethics, &amp; morality. You are not. Ji…
As someone who participated in filing the first federal lawsuit that led to nationwide marriage equality and someone whose understanding of homosexuality has grown over the years, I applaud Joy Reid for having the conversation we all need to have. Where is the homophobic GOP?
RT @romyreiner: Trump referred to the freeing of slaves as “the thing”.
RT @JohnBrennan: A highly partisan, incomplete, and deeply flawed report by a broken House Committee means nothing. The Special Counsel’s w…
Trump’s insane explosion of lying verbal diarrhea is beginning to erode the GOP tribal edifice. The 14-7 bipartisan Judiciary Committee vote to protect Mueller is the first indication that they notice the President lacks even an empty suit.
RT @TheDailyShow: When grandpa's telling the same stories again and you can't get him off the phone https://t.co/GfCAfksEJJ
After the steaming pile Trump just left on state run TV, John Barron and the GOP have a lot of cleaning up to do.
RT @JohnWDean: Without Barack Obama in the White House there never would have been a President Trump. That is why Trump’s is simply the ant…
Don’t let the unprecedented disfunctionality and unparalleled immorality of this administration ever allow us to lose sight of a President who is at the center of the most monumental scandal in our nation’s history.
RT @InvestigateRU: .@BillKristol, just a reminder that if you want to double check things like when POTUS had his oval office meeting with…
RT @InvestigateRU: “What is the narrative of innocence? What is the narrative of why a campaign trying to win primaries in Iowa would need…
RT @romyreiner: So Trump can comment on the fact that white supremacists are good people, but can’t comment on the Austin bombings or the W…
He’s frightened to show up at a dinner that celebrates the 1st amendment(WH correspondents). He’s not wanted at an evening that celebrates our greatest artists(Kennedy honors). He’s not wanted at the funeral of a First Lady. How can this despicable man represent US to the world?
Any person who pretends to be someone he isn’t and calls reporters and tells them bald faced lies about his sexual prowess or how rich he is has serious mental illness. That person sits in the Oval Office. God or the GOP help us.
RT @romyreiner: Like or retweet if you or someone you know suffers from depression or anxiety (or any other mental illness). It shouldn’t b…
Better late than never. DNC files suit against Trump campaign. The moron-in-chief is trapped like a pathologically lying rat. This is all out war for the soul of our country.
Someone should tell Rudy Giuliani that unless he looks forward to being hit with a Trump adjacent indictment, he might want to reconsider. Guess his parents never told him not to hang around with the wrong element.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: When the dark chapter of the Trump presidency is written in the history books, the harshest criticism will be reserved f…
Looking at a big game of chicken. The most corrupt POTUS in US history faces a prosecutor of impeccable integrity with a mountain of evidence. Will the fucking moron fire the prosecutor and create a constitutional crisis before facing a humiliating exit?
RT @SteveSchmidtSES: The first person to resign from this cancerous administration on principle will look back on that day the same way pow…
RT @CharlesMBlow: How the HELL is Sean Hannity simultaneously claiming that Michael Cohen was not his attorney BUT that he assumed their co…
If Fox News doesn’t fire Sean Hannity for not revealing his conflict of interest with Michael Cohen, the thinly veiled “news” organization will officially become state run television. God help Democracy if a huge portion of the media refuses to search for the truth.
The shit show keeps getting shit showier. Trump is pulling a Monty Python and is RUNNING AWAY!! But when you’re facing a criminal freight train, escaping to Mar-A-Lago, wolfing down cheeseburgers, and knocking back Diet Cokes is a pretty weak elixir.
Feels like the beginning of the end of the Trump “Presidency”. In less than 2 yrs. he has damaged the lives of American citizens and our standing throughout the world. The ugliest part of his legacy will be stoking the fires of racism. Waiting for a friend is not a crime.
What a surprise. A crime family member has lied. Cohen was in Prague meeting with Russians during 2016 campaign. We’re one golden shower away from proving virtually everything in the Steele dossier to be true.
RT @JohnBrennan: Your kakistocracy is collapsing after its lamentable journey.  As the greatest Nation history has known, we have the oppor…
The media shitstorm surrounding the Comey book will take up a ton of oxygen but won’t allow Trump to escape the consequences of his crimes. And pardoning Libby, a bank shot in obstruction, is just another sign of a frightened weasel approaching the gallows.
RT @BillKristol: To my fellow Republicans:		Qui tacet consentire videtur. Silence is acquiescence.		Speak up against obstructing justice an…
Democracy is being tested. The rule of law and the press are under attack by a childish sociopathic liar. Congressional checks and balances have been obliterated. All it would take is one principled Republican, not on the way out, to stand up for the love of country.
Paul Ryan is not running for re-election. He’s running away from the horror that is Donald Trump.
Follow the collusion trail. Trump campaign digital operation,Alamo hires Russian developed Cambridge Analytica then with the help of Palantir,co-founded by Facebook board member Peter Thiel,big Trump supporter, uses stolen data to spread disinformation to manipulate voters.
Attorney/Client privilege is very much alive. It is Cohen/Trump that is dead.
RT @chrislhayes: THE WARRANT WAS OBTAINED BY THE US ATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK WHO IS A TRUMP APPOINTEE (not shouting a…
RT @tedlieu: There is no good way to say this, but @realDonaldTrump is LAWLESS. He is now basically attacking career prosecutors &amp; @FBI age…
The one certainty in opening a can of worms is: worms will inevitably crawl out. We’re discovering just how HUGE the Trump can is. Flynn,Manafort,Kushner,Don Jr,Stone,Sessions,and now perhaps the biggest worm in the can, Michael Cohen. Mueller has enough bait to catch a HUGE fish
RT @JuddLegum: 4. On Friday, we learned the Kushner's have found a $1.2 billion white knight. 		Who is providing this money.		We have no id…
If it turns out that Kushner, who has no security clearance, gave classified info to Saudi Prince in exchange for 666 bailout, and GOP continues to allow a crime family to run this country, we can kiss 241 years of self governance goodbye.
Trump is willing to put up with The unparalleled corruption of Scott Pruitt because he’s doing such a fantastic job of fucking up the environment. Reassuring to have a President so comfortable with criminality.
The “fucking moron” continues to live up to his title. The President of the United States just admitted that the porn star, who he didn’t have sex with, was paid 130K to shut up about the sex they didn’t have. And has no idea where the 130K came from. Sounds like a solid NDA.
RT @Justinfication: Wow, I’ve seen/heard a lot of MLK footage but this is the first time I’ve seen this interview. How profound this is. ht…
RT @MSNBC: "When you have an administration that is backed up by essentially state-run television ... it is incredibly difficult to push th…
RT @JohnBrennan: I served 6 Presidents, 3 Rs &amp; 3Ds. I directly supported Clinton, Bush 43, and Obama. While I didn't agree with all their p…
For a Secretary of State to call a President a “fucking moron” that President would, by definition, have to display clear evidence of moronic behavior on a consistent basis. Today’s call for the US military to guard the Mexican border, for no reason, keeps Trump’s title secure.
RT @InvestigateRU: This story from over the weekend is now gaining traction. 		Yes, the Trump administration expelled 60 Russian diplomats,…
The president of the United States is a complete and utter moron. And with Sinclair and Fox trumpeting his ignorance, I’m now convinced that elected Republicans are fine with the destruction of Democracy.
RT @Deadspin: How America's largest local TV owner turned its news anchors into soldiers in Trump's war on the media: https://t.co/iLVtKRQy…
With Fox as state run TV and Rosanne spouting insane conspiracy theories, truth in journalism is fighting gale force headwinds. Democracy will not survive if ignorance becomes currency.
RT @matthewamiller: This isn’t harmless nonsense. Someone actually shot up my neighborhood pizza place, where everyone I know takes their k…
I’m getting so tired of intelligent principled republicans(Steve Schmidt,Nicole Wallace,David Frum,Max Boot,George Will,Bret Stephens,Jennifer Rubin,Charles Sykes)speaking truth of the ignorant,lying,racist,misogynist criminal in the WH. GOP ELECTEDS, GROW SOME BALLS!
RT @InvestigateRU: Mueller probing Russia contacts at Republican convention: sources https://t.co/BTzXRG5y3Z
When Trump said neither he nor anyone in his campaign had anything to do with Russians, it must have slipped his mind that his campaign manager and his deputy campaign manager were in communication with a Russian intelligence agent. I guess it’s just another mulligan.
RT @AriMelber: This new Mueller filing says Trump’s campaign chair *and* deputy campaign manager *knew* their associate was a former Russia…
Gerrymandering, unconstitutional travel bans, unfounded cries of voter fraud, trying to rig the census. A desperate GOP’s corrupt attempts to cling to power and deny representation of US majority. Dems need to win by 7-12% in Nov. to govern. But the blue wave is building.
Been trying to figure out why Trump has never said anything negative about Vladimir Putin. After watching the Stormy Daniels interview, I think I got a handle on it. It involves Putin, Trump’s ass and a rolled up magazine.
RT @InvestigateRU: Russia probe descends on Nunes' re-election, threatens to upend midterms https://t.co/hzWV9pN8JU
RT @PreetBharara: If you're attacking kids whose classmates and teachers were massacred, you're losing
If you’re not moved by what these kids are doing, you’re dead inside. I’ve said it before but whenever a ship is going down, you always hear “women and children first. If ever we’re going to keep this ship of state afloat, we’re gonna have to look to the women and children.
RT @selectedwisdom: I’m tired of this “disruptive” thinker, chaos approach nonsense narrative about Trump. Tillerson was right - President…
Batten down the hatches. McMaster out. Bolton in. If you thought we were on shaky ground before, America’s tectonic plates are now profoundly shifting.
What reputable lawyer would lower themselves to represent this lunatic?
RT @InvestigateRU: It is not easy keeping track of all the latest Russia-related news, but we can help. 		Sign up for our Daily Briefing, a…
Trump congratulates the leader of a hostile enemy who attacks our country. Does every elected GOP member have to be hit over the head with a sledge hammer? The President of the United States has been compromised. This is treason plain and simple.
Cambridge Analytica used stolen data for Trump campaign. CA had connections with Russia. CA’s CEO Alexander Nix met with Trump many times. The connecting dots are growing into a huge criminal blob. Mueller, Women, and DT’s sociopathy will take him down.
Please tell me Donald Trump calling Vladimir Putin on his “victory” is fake news. They are one step away from getting a place together.
I worked with Ted Olson on the Supreme Court case for marriage equality. And though we are on opposite sides of the political spectrum, Ted is a man of principle. I doubt seriously he would consider representing someone as reprehensible as this president.
RT @InvestigateRU: UK Parliament summons Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to be questioned over Cambridge Analytica scandal https://t.co/al9YeCUr…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: To my House and Senate colleagues:		If the President causes a constitutional crisis by firing Mueller, no one can credib…
With every puerile unhinged lie filled tweet, the desperate sociopath exposes more and more guilt.
RT @NicolleDWallace: To all my republican friends who think they can sit out the Trump era and hope for great SCOTUS picks, your time is up…
RT @Comey: Mr. President, the American people will hear my story very soon. And they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is n…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Mr. President, the Committee reached no such conclusion — only Republicans. In fact, we did find evidence of collusion,…
McCabe becomes another casualty in the war between Democracy and Autocracy. Fortunately for US Autocracy is lead by a weak moron. And since a frightened GOP refuses to defend US, this November Democracy will come roaring back. VOTE!
RT @JohnBrennan: When the full extent of your venality, moral turpitude, and political corruption becomes known, you will take your rightfu…
RT @mccaffreyr3: Reluctantly I have concluded that President Trump is a serious threat to US national security. He is refusing to protect v…
RT @NicolleDWallace: Must watch @SteveSchmidtSES : https://t.co/MgLusk7cwI
RT @InvestigateRU: Russian hackers have infiltrated our power grids, water purification plants, nuclear facilities, aviation systems … and…
Now that the fucking moron might be aware that Russia has been going after our electrical grids and water supply, do you think he’ll blame it on that 400 pound guy? We need a real president.
We are on the right side(the majority) on gun control, health care, education, immigration, the environment, Social Security, civil rights, women’s rights, LGBT rights, taxes, National Security. This November the majority will be heard.
There is no question that Trump campaign conspired with Russia during 2016 election. History is not going to look kindly on House Intel Comm. And when the truth comes out, we’re not going to have to look that far back. The liar starts his exit in November.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee just released a status report to share with the American people the work l…
RT @InvestigateRU: Papadopoulos says that Trump personally encouraged him to arrange meeting with Putin, new book reports https://t.co/bDKA…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: This was not the finding of the House Intelligence Committee, Mr. President, but only a statement by its GOP members, wh…
Russia attacks our democracy. Trump does nothing. Congress passes sanctions. Trump refuses to implement. Citizens of our closet ally are attacked by Russia with deadly nerve agent. Trump remains silent. House Intel comm. a partisan travesty. Takedown of sick liar starts in 2018.
Watching this ridiculous human being who became president is beyond disturbing. A lying con man who spews racism, abuses women, praises autocrats, defecates on democracy and all to feed his broken soul and line his pockets. This November we can begin to right the ship.
We already know Trump sexually abuses women and cheats on his wife. The question is where did the 130k come from? Knowing how cheap he is, why do I think not from his own pocket. Trump campaign-Trump Org.-Porn star? Just sayin’
Goes without saying, we all want peace with North Korea. But if you had to bet, what comes first? Peace or impeachment?
RT @InvestigateRU: US not effectively countering Russia cyber threat, general says @CNNPolitics https://t.co/g6qq3MwrVG
With every revelation that emerges in the Trump/Russia investigation the one theme that comes into sharp relief is that the President of the United States is a lying scumbag.
RT @benjaminwittes: Boom	https://t.co/KpBsdL1abe https://t.co/y9iApf2A49
The White House is the only sinking ship where all the rats stay.
Talk about nails in coffins. Sam Nunberg just took out a big spike and drove it into Trump’s gold plated White House departure chariot. Forecast: Dark clouds with a 100% chance of heavy tweet storms.
RT @MSNBC: "I think that he may have done something during the election," former Trump aide Sam Nunberg says of President Trump, but adds,…
After reading Jane Mayer’s piece on Christopher Steele in The New Yorker, it’s “check please.” Trump conspired with Russia during the election and continues to conspire with Russia. Not arguable. Only question: How much longer to allow a compromised POTUS to destroy Democracy?
RT @InvestigateRU: Special counsel wants documents from Trump, numerous campaign associates https://t.co/BF5E13s3mb via @nbcnews
RT @InvestigateRU: State Dept. Was Granted $120 Million to Fight Russian Meddling. It Has Spent $0. https://t.co/iZSYEMcTvA
RT @StephenKing: Hey, kids—the House and Senate aren’t going to do anything about guns. Neither is the president, a morally vacant boob who…
Mentally unstable POTUS + no human security blankets = childish tantrum. For now it’s just tariffs and trade wars. But as the noose tightens, we’ll be looking at a real war. GOP, STEP THE FUCK UP!
RT @TeamPelosi: RT if you agree: Jared Kushner should be removed from the White House immediately. It's preposterous that he's even there t…
The definition of proportional response: An enemy power attacks the core of your democratic system and threatens your security with advanced nuclear weapons and you hit back with an attack on Alec Baldwin. How much longer do we accept this?
The Trump train is starting to derail. The ship of state is taking on water. Storm clouds are gathering over the WH. Whatever metaphor you want to use, this guy if fucked. GOP might want to recalculate.
The most corrupt WH in US history. A president who lies every time he opens his mouth. A president who abuses women, spews racism and refuses to protect US from enemy attacks. What else has to happen for GOP to stand up to this immoral schmuck?
RT @SteveSchmidtSES: Trumps’ refusal to defend the integrity of the US election system and our Democracy from Russian attack represents an…
RT @DavidCornDC: This should be tremendously big news. Huge. A scandal. The fact that it isn't illustrates the deterioration of our politic…
We all know how a lying misogynistic racist who refuses to protect US from a foreign enemy can sink the ship of state. But #Metoomovement &amp; #neveragainmovement will save US. Women and children first!!
If Ivanka Trump is unwilling to answer questions about the sexually abusive behavior of the President of the United States she clearly doesn’t stand for women’s rights and has no business holding a job in the Trump administration.
As an old guy who’s been speaking out since the 60’s, I can’t tell how thrilling it is to see the young people standing up to power to save lives. The NRA has finally met their match. Politicians who take NRA blood money are on notice.
RT @lauren_hoggs: Hey @FLOTUS  you say that your mission as First Lady is to stop cyber bullying, well then, don’t you think it would have…
RT @MetLife: We value all our customers but have decided to end our discount program with the NRA.
RT @Hertz: We have notified the NRA that we are ending the NRA’s rental car discount program with Hertz.
RT @celiebugpro: We ended our NRA membership in honor of the children. We ask that everybody ends their NRA membership to show the NRA, Con…
RT @tribelaw: This GOP congressman from Florida used the AR-15 to defend America as a soldier. He values his 2d Amendment rights. He’s glad…
Today Rick Gates, Trump’s deputy campaign manager, pleaded guilty to conspiracy against the United States. How long will it take for Trump to say he doesn’t know Rick Gates?
If you’re interested in seeing the maximum amount of bullshit capable of emanating from a human being’s mouth in a single speech, check out Trump’s address to CPAC.
RT @BarackObama: Young people have helped lead all our great movements. How inspiring to see it again in so many smart, fearless students s…
He lies. He defrauds. He abuses women. He commits adultery. He denigrates minorities, war heroes, gold star parents, the disabled, the press, law enforcement. He praises dictators. He refuses to protect us against enemy attacks. He’s the President of the United States.
RT @carlreiner: Impeach him already so we can stop thinking about him.
RT @JuddLegum: I think it's because 17 people in a high school were just murdered with an AR-15 https://t.co/0mEpAn50en
RT @romyreiner: https://t.co/gaQTDZqo9c
How much longer do we have to put up with a mentally ill sociopath? When the fucked up psyche of the leader of the free world comes before the horrific deaths of innocent children, it’s time for GOP patriots to stand up and end this sickness.
RT @michelereiner: Watch every minute of amazing woman’s speech! https://t.co/h9mJ1niiHA
RT @romyreiner: If everyone who has “prayed” sends a dollar to organizations that can affect change or voted for someone who would ultimate…
RT @JohnBrennan: DOJ statement and indictments reveal the extent and motivations of Russian interference in 2016 election. Claims of a “hoa…
It is now crystal clear that Russia had a profound impact on the 2016 election. They have attacked US, they are continuing to attack US. If Trump is unwilling to acknowledge this and unwilling to protect US, the word TREASON is now center stage.
There are 21,000,000 reasons why Donald Trump refuses to protect our children from being slaughtered by guns. The NRA has deep pockets. But we will show them that our hearts and our pockets are deeper than theirs.
RT @chrislhayes: What possible defense is there of a legal regime where a 19 year old cannot buy a can of beer but can buy a weapon of war?
RT @maddow: Re these comments from Senator Chuck Grassley today:		Sen Grassley was the lead Senate sponsor of a bill to make it easier for…
RT @BarackObama: We are grieving with Parkland. But we are not powerless. Caring for our kids is our first job. And until we can honestly s…
RT @SenFeinstein: Another mass shooting. Reportedly another AR-15. My bill to ban assault weapons is ready for a vote. How long will we acc…
There was a time when the GOP was the party of national security. When Trump refuses to acknowledge Russia’s attack on US, he refuses to protect US from without. When he refuses to support sensible gun safety, he refuses to protect US from within.
RT @InvestigateRU: Pence Lies That U.S. Intel Found Russia Didn’t Elect Trump https://t.co/d0KeHY1Wlg?
RT @RepAdamSchiff: The failure to fire Rob Porter earlier and the constant churn within the White House are indicative of a central moral f…
RT @KenDilanianNBC: Sen. Jack Reed just got FBI Director Wray and other intel chiefs to admit that the president has never asked them to fo…
Once again our entire intelligence and law enforcement communities have unequivocally stated that Russia has attacked and continues to attack our democracy and democracies throughout the world. Trump’s continual denial threatens US. We don’t have a patriot in the Whitehouse.
The only reason Donald Trump is not firing John Kelly over his handling of Rob Porter’s abuse of women is because Donald Trump abuses women. Ask the 20 women who have come forward. Ask his ex-wife. Ask the First Lady.
RT @tribelaw: Next comes “failing democracy” — unless Congress grows a pair. https://t.co/n49RY3gJCH
Democracy is facing some very powerful forces. When a hostile foreign enemy allies with US state run media(Fox “News”) and the President of the United States to spread disinformation and lies, the freedom of self governance is at risk. Patriots, DIG IN!!
RT @amjoyshow: .@RobReiner: ‘We are in a cyberwar with an enemy power’ https://t.co/63XfB0dJra via @amjoyshow
RT @InvestigateRU: We need President Trump to call out Russia for interfering in our elections. We need him to join us in the fight to #Get…
RT @tedlieu: THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS. Both GOP &amp; Dems voted to release Dem memo. I read it and am convinced @realDonaldTrump is now intentionall…
The gif of the wind exposing Trump’s baldness reveals 2 things: 1. The intricate engineering feat of POTUS’ coif 2. The metaphor of Trump as the epitome of fraud. Feels like the expression “A fish stinks from the head” was coined specifically for him.
RT @InvestigateRU: .@RobReiner sat down with two of the men who briefed President #Trump on Russia - @JohnBrennan and James Clapper - and h…
RT @MalcolmNance: RT if you agree #InvestigateRussia https://t.co/Ykt96rXeRF
RT @InvestigateRU: “Our democracy is under assault. It’s time for us to speak.” 		https://t.co/wCuNQmtuiQ #GetTheTruth #InvestigateRussia h…
He wants a military parade to show his strength. But is unwilling to lift a finger to protect US from an invasion from a foreign enemy power. The longer he turns his back on this reality &amp; the GOP rejects patriotism, the closer we get to the end of self government.
How’s this? We have a POTUS whose lawyers don’t want him to talk to Mueller because he has a history of lying. Let that sink in. The leader of the free world is a pathological liar. As Eric Burdon of The Animals once said: “We gotta get outta this place.”
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Mr. President, I see you’ve had a busy morning of “Executive Time.” Instead of tweeting false smears, the American peopl…
When you libel James Clapper and John Brennan you libel America. The desperate attack on men who have given over 90 years of dedicated service to our country is clear evidence of a conscientiousness of guilt.
RT @InvestigateRU: Ex-CIA Director Brennan says Nunes "abused" his office with memo https://t.co/HWgu4HHF13 via @nbcnews
I fear we’ve arrived at an inflection point. DT, his state run media arm(Fox) &amp; St.Petersburg have worked overtime to sow confusion to discredit Mueller. If we want Democracy to survive it’s all hands on deck. Can’t let a greedy lying criminal destroy 241 yrs. of promise.
To those of you who are as upset as I am over DT’s assault on our Democracy, imagine a blue Congress with DT testifying in public under oath for 11 hours. It might summon a smile.
It’s one thing to steal people’s money by not paying contractors or defrauding people through Trump University, but when you try to steal our Democracy to avoid the consequences of your crimes, we the people will not let that happen. #SaveUS
RT @AriMelber: John Kelly: Trump wants "everything out"		EXCEPT:		Trump's tax returns		Trump interview with Mueller		Democrats' rebuttal me…
RT @JohnBrennan: I had many fights with Congressional Dems over the years on national security matters. But I never witnessed the type of r…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: BREAKING: Discovered late tonight that Chairman Nunes made material changes to the memo he sent to White House – changes…
Make no mistake, the Nunes memo is a propaganda tool intended to discredit a criminal investigation of Donald Trump. If and when Trump allows the memo to be released, we will not only be knee deep in a Constitutional crisis, but a big step closer to authoritarianism. #SaveUS
As some of you might have noticed I haven’t tweeted in 4 days. My account was hacked by forces that clearly wanted to silence me. Won’t happen. At a time when DT has put US on the threshold of a Constitutional crisis, we all have to speak out. Be with Chris Matthews after SOTU.
There’s a part of me that wishes Trump would fire Mueller. I know it would create a constitutional crisis, but we clearly have a mentally unstable person in the White House, and the sooner he’s gone, the sooner we can restore security and rebuild our Democracy.
RT @InvestigateRU: Trump Ordered Mueller Fired, but Backed Off When White House Counsel Threatened to Quit https://t.co/7ENx45ME5p
RT @Comey: Russia threat should unite us, not divide us: “It’s not about Republicans or Democrats. They’re coming after America, which I ho…
The closer the Russia probe gets to Trump, the louder he starts quacking. I do believe Robert Mueller is staring a bona fide duck square in the face.
RT @NathanHRubin: CNN employees faced a threat of mass murder yesterday, and the man arrested said he wanted to kill the “fake news” journa…
Now that it looks like our government will limp along for a few more weeks, DACA moves to the top of the agenda. If GOP hardliners try to hold It hostage, the Blue Wave will turn into a Tsunami.
Make no mistake, this shutdown boils down to one thing: RACISM. GOP frightened to death of the browning of America. They will lose this last big battle of the Civil War. Diversity is our strength.
90% of Americans are in favor of extending the CHIP program. 90% of Americans are in favor of DACA. 90% of Americans are in favor of universal background checks. Here’s a novel idea: Congress, try representing Americans.
RT @JackiSchechner: If you follow me and don’t yet follow @InvestigateRU, you’re missing some good stuff. 		Also, the Daily Briefing will h…
RT @romyreiner: A storm you can’t pay $130K to go away https://t.co/SHo3jlcF4Q
RT @SethAbramson: TIMELINE		April 2015: Trump meets with Putin associate Torshin at the NRA conference.	June 2015: Trump announces his run.…
Senator Flake took to the Senate floor today and spoke the truth. When a POTUS continues to lie, calls the press the enemy of the people and claims fake news, he tears away at the fabric of Democracy. We can not let an unstable would be autocrat destroy 241 yrs. of promise.
RT @NBCNews: Sen. Booker to DHS Sec. Nielsen, who was in White House immigration meeting: "When ignorance and bigotry is allied with power,…
RT @kylegriffin1: Cory Booker to Nielsen: "Your silence and your amnesia is complicity." (via CBS) https://t.co/dWnaMt6gCa
Having a racist in the White House has brought things into sharp relief. We are engaged in the last battle of the Civil War. And the sooner he is gone the sooner the arc of morality in the universe will arrive at justice. God bless MLK.
Even waking up to this couldn’t tamp down my disgust that we have a racist sitting in the Oval Office. https://t.co/gkgVMhdiBj
RT @funder: The word “shithole” is being projected onto Trump’s DC hotel. https://t.co/pq0b7b1BEW
RT @Lawrence: When a racist (George Wallace) ran for president in 1968, TV news did not hire commentators to defend the racism of the racis…
Can’t wait until we get rid of this shithole president.
Senator Feinstein’s release of the Fusion GPS testimony tells us some very important things. Fusion founder Glenn Simpson is a patriot. The GOP electeds are not. Christopher Steele cares about the truth and our security. The GOP does not.
RT @tedlieu: Fusion GPS transcript shows that what Senators Grassley &amp; Graham did last week in publicly referring Christopher Steele for cr…
RT @JRubinBlogger: I wonder what @SenJohnMcCain who patriotically conveyed the dossier to FBI must think of his oppotunistic pal Graham mak…
Make no mistake, Democracy is on the precipice. With Congress unwilling to check a clearly mentally unstable POTUS, only two things can save US: 1.Mueller investigation 2.A Democratic Congress. While we may hope for the first, we must insure with the second.
RT @HamillHimself: Congratulations, sir! This dignified, statesman-like tweet is the perfect way to counter the book's narrative that you'r…
RT @davidfrum: The president actually had a press conference to deny being stupid?
RT @romyreiner: I for one, have never met a stable genius who refers to themselves as a stable genius. https://t.co/J7e70McGqk
The only true stable genius has to be Mr. Ed., who talks in more complex sentences than the current occupier of the Whitehouse.
You cannot have a bigger disconnect than 100% of WH personnel saying POTUS is an idiot &amp; completely incompetent and 0% of GOP leadership accepting that reality. The longer this continues, the greater the risk to the end of our Democracy.
Looks like the ball’s in Sloppy Steve’s court.
Bannon says Trump campaign committed treason. Thomas Barrack says Trump is not only crazy, he’s stupid. Tillerson says Trump is a fucking moron. With friends like these...
RT @Evan_McMullin: From Fusion GPS: “Congress should release transcripts of our firm’s testimony, so that the American people can learn the…
RT @michelereiner: The fact that every elected official isn’t condemning @realDonaldTrump is unconscionable. He is a dangerous and sick man…
Trump just said he has a bigger penis than Kim Jong Un. The United States’ security is relegated to someone with a severe inferiority complex who threatens a nuclear Holocaust to compensate for his lack of self worth. God help us.
RT @JoyAnnReid: If someone who knows and has worked with the GOP as intimately as John Dean does and has is saying this, it's notable. http…
Resolutions for the new year: 1.Restore Democratic norms 2.Restore America’s moral leadership 3.Rid government of a president who pathologically lies and conspires with a foreign enemy to destroy Democracy.
To those of you who are already in 2018, happy new year. To those of you on the west coast, we’re less than an hour and a half away from a year that will see Trump go down and our Democracy restored.
NYT strikes again! Turns out Papadopoulos spills the beans to the Aussies long before FBI was aware of Steele dossier. Shoes keep on dropping. Dots continue to connect. Trump lies becoming more desperate. Can’t wait for the knockout.
RT @jonfavs: Incontrovertible proof that it wasn’t the dossier that led to the FBI investigation into Trump, a lie that Trump, Trump media,…
RT @NatashaBertrand: Knew I’d seen this somewhere before. https://t.co/hdsEg5QfXz
Just read NYT interview with DT. We have a sick ignoramus running this country. The fact that intelligent citizens have to live with his moronic pathologically lying behavior is completely unacceptable. We must do all we can to protect Democracy and rid the US of this fool.
RT @TitusNation: To be an FBI agent every aspect of your life is INVESTIGATED. Family, friends, employers questioned, polygraphs. You need…
RT @CBSThisMorning: "It's a new type of attack on America. This is not a terrorist attack where you can see the consequences immediately. I…
Today is my daughter Romy's (@romyreiner) birthday. I love her beyond words. As a parent you want to leave the world a better place for your children. If 2018 turns out the way I hope, we'll be one step closer.
Want to wish everyone who checks in with me &amp; those who don't a Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays. My New Year's resolution is to do everything I can to protect our Democracy.
RT @romyreiner: https://t.co/FLo20BWwKk
Only one reason GOP &amp; state run TV(Fox) working overtime to besmirch Mueller &amp; FBI: Donald Trump is guilty as sin. Patriots will fight tooth &amp; nail to protect Democracy.
RT @RepMaxineWaters: House Democrats led by @repmaxinewaters hold a #ProtectMueller Press Conference https://t.co/nH9y8HzSae
RT @jfreewright: Friendly reminder to #FollowTheMoney. https://t.co/ubKo89OmVs
RT @JohnBrennan: Trump Admin threat to retaliate against nations that exercise sovereign right in UN to oppose US position on Jerusalem is…
RT @MaddowBlog: Rep. Schiff: There are two categories of Republicans in Congress: those who will burn down the House to protect trump, and…
If you want to see a VP perform falatio on a POTUS, check out today's cabinet meeting. Just keeping him happy before the hammer comes down.
RT @DavidCornDC: Trump has given us a profound crisis that is undermining the nation’s democratic system, and it is so pervasive and encomp…
Let oligarchy reign! DT's piggish tax bill satisfies his Putin-envy. But lining  his pockets will be cold comfort when he's kicked out of WH
RT @SallyQYates: We have reached an inflection point where our core values and democratic institutions are at stake. My thoughts.  https://…
RT @SethAbramson: (THREAD) There's now a rumor in Congress that Trump plans to fire Special Counsel Mueller on December 22. If this happens…
Make no mistake,by attacking Mueller,DT's state run TV(Fox) is pushing US to a constitutional crisis. Be prepared to take the streets.
We know he's a pathological liar,a sexual predator,&amp; conspires with an enemy power. How much more damage to US before GOP stands up?
RT @krystalball: You need to know @Ojeda4congress. Army vet who won a senate seat in deep red West Virginia on $4800. I swear to you this m…
RT @EricHolder: Speaking on behalf of the vast majority of the American people, Republicans in Congress be forewarned:any attempt to remove…
Alabama voters do the right thing!! Decency &amp; Democracy survive. The lying mentally ill misogynist is one step closer to the door.
Today decency,Democracy,Donald Trump are on the ballot. If Alabama votes Doug Jones,it will have a huge impact on preserving our Republic.
Tomorrow the survival of Democracy is on the ballot. The good people of Alabama can protect US. Vote for Doug Jones. Vote for America.
RT @RepSwalwell: It’s no hoax - Russia really did interfere with our election, and we’re still investigating the Trump campaign’s role. Let…
DT,Fox,&amp; right wing media are attacking FBI/Mueller/Democracy itself. Honest press,honest citizens:FIGHT BACK! THIS IS EXISTENTIAL!!!
RT @romyreiner: “But daddy, I want Trump impeached nooooooooowwwwww!!” Deleted scene from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Collusion,coordination,conspiracy. Whatever you want to call it,it's starring us in the face. This truly is "stupid Watergate" DT goes down
RT @funder: The 16 women who accused Trump of sexual assault are telling their story in one video-please share this far &amp; wide. RT if you a…
RT @TeaPainUSA: Mark this down.  Trump &amp; Putin planned to profit from 16 nuclear power plants in the Middle East.  The U.S. taxpayer would…
The moron's on a hot streak. Inflames the Middle East &amp; former Nat. Sec. advisor planned to rip up sanctions. Who told him to say that? Hmm
RT @InvestigateRU: Flynn Said Russian Sanctions Would be ‘Ripped Up,’ Whistle-Blower Says https://t.co/QY1iqpIrKH
RT @InvestigateRU: How to Stand Up to the Kremlin https://t.co/w9C5JrUjW6 via @ForeignAffairs
RT @InvestigateRU: 2016 RNC Delegate: Trump Directed Change To Party Platform On Ukraine Support https://t.co/IWjNtttxWo
You can say whatever you want in public, but when you put your hand on a bible in a court of law, you have to tell the truth. DT is fucked.
RT @SallyQYates: The FBI is in “tatters”?  No.  The only thing in tatters is the President’s respect for the rule of law. The dedicated men…
I've said it before. I'll say it again. We no longer have to connect the dots. We're staring at one big fat fucking dot.
RT @matthewamiller: Oh my god, he just admitted to obstruction of justice. If Trump knew Flynn lied to the FBI when he asked Comey to let i…
By tying itself to a travesty of a tax bill and a disastrous POTUS, who hangs by a thread, the GOP is committing historical suicide.
Flynn said he had a story to tell. Doesn't look like Donald Trump's Christmas will be all that merry.
Lie to public,you're a con man. Lie in private,you're delusional. DT is mentally ill. Time for GOP leaders to put on the straight jacket.
DT retweets anti-Muslim hatred &amp; we all say it's a new low. It's not. DT is and always has been as low as a human being can get.
When we freely use the words liar,moron,racist,criminal &amp; sexual predator to refer to our POTUS, it's time we wrap this thing up.
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW VIDEO: The last episode of #TheResistanceGQ. The good news: I’m finishing it because I think - especially after “Po…
RT @GenMhayden: @jmclaughlinSAIS If this is who we are or who we are becoming, I have wasted 40 years of my life.   Until now it was not po…
RT @BillKristol: I don’t know who’ll be Time’s 2017 Person of the Year, but I must say it would be nice if Robert Mueller turns out to be T…
As DT continues assault on free press,we must continue to fight this lying ignorant mentally ill sexual predator from destroying democracy.
RT @JYSexton: With Trump's base showing strong preferences for authoritarianism, and continuing to support a serial predator of children, i…
Compare &amp; contrast. DT rejects the man who prosecuted the killers of 4 little girls/supports the man who sexually molested 9 little girls.
There could be only one reason why DT backs a man who tried to rape a minor. He has no problem with that behavior. Wonder why. Simpatico?
RT @Mikel_Jollett: The Republican Party is currently defending a pedophile so that he can vote for a tax plan which takes money meant for s…
RT @kylegriffin1: H.R. McMaster mocked Trump’s intelligence at a private dinner, 5 sources tell BuzzFeed. McMaster 'dismissed' Trump as an…
When Nat.Sec. advisor says you have the intelligence of a kindergartner&amp;Sec.State calls you a fucking moron,maybe POTUS is not your calling.
Mueller's request from DOJ tells us what Donald Trump already told us on national television: That he's guilty of obstruction of justice.
RT @zachbraff: New tax bill in a nutshell: 	Jet owners can write off jets. 	Teachers can’t write off school supplies.
RT @funder: Donald Trump has been accused of raping a 13-year-old, raping his ex-wife and attempting to rape a female business associate, a…
RT @romyreiner: @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/qCKMWhWMSm
Franken admits sexual misconduct. Trump and Moore call their accusers liars. Believe them? Or the more than 20 women who claim assault.
RT @InvestigateRU: Russian ambassador says he won't name all the Trump officials he's met with: 'The list is so long" https://t.co/AQwimxKU…
RT @SethAbramson: If the Senate probes Franken—and they should, given the allegation made today of his conduct in '06—will they ALSO invest…
Ivanka believes Roy Moore's accusers. But the more than 12 women who accuse her father of sexual abuse are all liars. The difference is....?
RT @RepJoeKennedy: Taking $25 billion annually from Medicare to pay for tax cuts for wealthy corporations is an insult to every single hard…
McConnell decides not to die on the sexual assault hill with Moore. But DT's admitted sexual assault is fine? Love to know the thinking.
As we sit here, we are staring treason in the face.
DT solidifies his title as "fucking moron". He takes the word of a hostile enemy over his own intelligence community. He continues to destroy our security.
Something missing in today's leadership. https://t.co/GdzF2gF5g5
We've accepted a POTUS who says it's ok to grab a women's genitalia. Are we surprised that pedophilia isn't an immediate disqualifier?
RT @carlreiner: I am so proud and lucky to have Romy Reiner as my granddaughter. She is not only beautiful and talented but she done so muc…
First bit of hopeful news. 83% of US believes DT coordinated with Russia during election. Real news undercuts DT lies. Democracy is winning
RT @romyreiner: By the time gun laws are changed, we'll all be dead.
Flynn about to be indicted. DT committing impeachable offenses on a daily basis. GOP's silence is destroying our democracy.
@NickKristof Flynn about to be indicted. DT committing impeachable offenses on a daily basis. GOP's silence is destroying our democracy.
RT @DavidCornDC: Authoritarianism doesn't sprint. It crawls. https://t.co/MK3gNnnEBK
RT @robreiner: I believe there is hope that government can still work. Check out an incredible performance by Woody. #LBJMovie https://t.co…
I believe there is hope that government can still work. Check out an incredible performance by Woody. #LBJMovie https://t.co/K08p7hCMq5
RT @RepAdamSchiff: What kind of president calls our justice system a joke and laughing stock, with “so-called” judges? The worst President…
RT @robreiner: Given today's political landscape, I'm especially proud of this film. And blown away by @WoodyHarrelson. Opens Nov.3 #LBJMov…
No question that DT is going down. Question now: How much more damage can he do to our democracy before he goes? GOP step up!!
Today we're seeing the tip of the tip of the iceberg. The sinking of America's first crime family.
Tomorrow will test democracy's survival. Will honest media survive onslaught of DT/GOP state run propaganda? I put my money on truth.
Fox &amp; DT propaganda machine in full attack mode. Might it be the Mueller indictment? They don't know whether to shit or wind their watch.
Given today's political landscape, I'm especially proud of this film. And blown away by @WoodyHarrelson. Opens Nov.3 #LBJMovie https://t.co/7Aj6w6oPaU
RT @TeaPainUSA: Let this sink in. Irrefutable proof exists that Team Trump attempted to acquire stolen property from a foreign actor to def…
We were attacked by Putin. Now truth is under attack. DT works overtime to discredit Mueller &amp; shift blame to HRC. #EyesOnThePrize
RT @romyreiner: GOP leadership drinks the Kool-Aid https://t.co/WYjKv4Q0Oj
If you're an effing moron it's almost impossible to be a very intelligent person.
Applaud Flake,Corker,McCain. Standing up for decency &amp; democracy. But unless Ryan &amp; McConnell speak out, bald faced lies become US currency.
RT @SallyQYates: We can’t let POTUS’s complete indifference to truth become ours. Constant barrage may be exhausting, but normalizing it is…
What will it take for GOP to stand up to this insanity? DT attacks a grieving widow. Will he have to rape someone on 5th Ave? Beyond enough!
Price of sexual assault. Weinstein fired from company/thrown out of Academy. O'Reilly settles/gets job back. Trump becomes president.
BY trotting out Kelly,who lied about Cong.Wilson,DT continues to politicize the death of fallen service member. Have you no decency?
RT @InvestigateRU: Interesting read ...but RT'ing with the acknowledgment that it’s just one guess at what could have happened. https://t.c…
RT @SaysHummingbird: This man justifies rape.	This man justifies rape.	This man justifies rape.	This man justifies rape.	This man justifies…
The sociopath strikes again. Tells grieving widow her husband knew what he signed up for. DT is simply a disgusting human being.
Running out of ways to say what a grotesque human being our POTUS is. So how about lying moronic sack of narcissistic garbage?
RT @rasmansa: So let's be clear, they are uncomfortable with having to discuss racism, but quite comfortable perpetuating it. https://t.co/…
Ryan &amp; McConnell clearly don't care about US. We now must look to Gen. Kelly. to protect us from the madness. Our security is in your hands.
The national nightmare continues. Mentally ill sexually abusing racist takes healthcare away from millions. Democracy hangs by a thread.
RT @RepJoeKennedy: .@POTUS's Executive Order will obliterate preexisting condition protections and bankrupt families facing unexpected trag…
RT @Sethrogen: Sliding in to @DonaldJTrumpJr DMs to remind him his father is a sexual predator like: https://t.co/a1vW3A4YCk
RT @LBJmovie: "LBJ for the USA" In Theaters November 3rd  🇺🇸	Starring @WoodyHarrelson.  Directed by @robreiner . #LBJFilm https://t.co/ONe5…
RT @ShaunKing: Imagine learning all that we’ve learned about Harvey Weinstein....then electing him President.		That’s exactly what America…
RT @romyreiner: So a big Hollywood guy assaults many women and is rightfully condemned, but the President of the USA is allowed multiple pa…
RT @Kaepernick7: I appreciate you @Eminem ✊🏾 https://t.co/nwavBwsOkQ
Getting awfully tired of hearing everyone but the people who matter talk of the disaster that is DT. If WW111,blood is on elected GOP hands.
RT @jk_rowling: I just made up the phrase 'batshit crazy.' https://t.co/QRJCsWrP7h
Pathological liar,moron,mentally ill. It is time for GOP to say publicly what they say in private. Can't have incompetent fool causing WW111
RT @romyreiner: Shouldn't there be a budget for Trump's golf expenses?
All it would take is 1 or 2 Corkers who are not on there way out for DT to be gone. C'mon GOP, we'll even take someone with one ball.
RT @ShaunKing: Trump’s 1st wife testified that he brutally raped her.		15 women said he sexually assaulted or harassed them.		He was record…
RT @SenBobCorker: It's a shame the White House has become an adult day care center. Someone obviously missed their shift this morning.
Just because,with the help of Putin,the 2016 election was pushed through a worm hole,we must never accept a moronic mentally ill POTUS.
RT @BillKristol: “he was a goddam stupid moron. He hated it when you called him a moron. All morons hate it when you call them a moron.”	--…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Mr. President, you keep using that word, “fake.” I do not think it means what you think it means. -Inigo Montoya https:/…
With DT asking Sen. Intel. to look into fake news, he now proudly &amp; permanently wears the crown of Mr.Moron.(sung)"There he is, Mr. Moron"
RT @InvestigateRU: Top national security experts on our Advisory Board explain Why Russia Matters: https://t.co/3PyuQUOfOa
Rare when Sec.State calls POTUS he serves a moron. Even more rare when POTUS is an actual moron. Not to mention a heartless lying criminal.
RT @richardpbacon: Number of Americans killed on battlefields in all wars in history:		1,396,733		Killed by firearms in the US since 1968:…
Like Nixon to China, DT has a real opportunity to do something positive for our security. He can stand up to the NRA's death grip on America
RT @HillaryClinton: Our grief isn't enough. We can and must put politics aside, stand up to the NRA, and work together to try to stop this…
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: To my colleagues: your cowardice to act cannot be whitewashed by thoughts and prayers.		None of this ends unless we do s…
RT @thedesirina: The GOP insists that the Vegas shooter's gun arsenal is "a right," but medical treatment for his 500+ survivors is merely…
How many people have to be slaughtered before GOP stands up to NRA?
RT @jonfavs: They're not watching the news because they no longer have televisions, power, or homes, you fucking dolt. https://t.co/ZXKnjGa…
Puerto Rico cries for help,9 million children lose health care,administration riddled with corruption. Trump golfs while America burns.
RT @MichaelSkolnik: Dear @realDonaldTrump,		While you tweet from your golf club, the Mayor of San Juan is saving lives. You've done NOTHING…
Trump finally able to tackle that big water hazard. Used a three iron. Our POTUS is a racist piece of garbage. Shame on him.
RT @jaketapper: Help me #give2veterans. Every retweet means a dollar for @Stand4Heroes, up to $500K, by 9/30. Let's see how much we can rai…
RT @JuddLegum: Trump currently on his way to golf course in New Jersey. https://t.co/UyFe9llQRX
RT @InvestigateRU: "When we briefed the president he didn’t say anything about the 400-pound guy in New Jersey…” 	https://t.co/2ft62Ofonk
Just when you think DT can't be a bigger moron, he explains that an island is surrounded by water,big water. New record for idiocy.
RT @commondefense: That awkward moment when the Russian government forgets to turn off location services on their disinformation network Tw…
The pathological liar strikes again. Con man-in-chief says his tax plan doesn't benefit him. Then comes the tell "believe me".
RT @InvestigateRU: Propaganda flowed heavily into battleground states around election, study says https://t.co/D154L1JctX
RT @romyreiner: Knee-o Nazi https://t.co/SOsapekKLV
RT @brianklaas: This is why asking Trump specific policy questions is so important -- so people can see he has no clue what he's doing or w…
RT @InvestigateRU: Twitter, With Accounts Linked to Russia, to Face Congress Over Role in Election https://t.co/dtQ6PIX8Z5
RT @InvestigateRU: Exclusive: Russian-bought Black Lives Matter ad on Facebook targeted Baltimore and Ferguson https://t.co/hTICyJ6OCv via…
RT @TheNormanLear: As a combat vet, I fought Nazis ofWWII. Today I #takeaknee, once more, in solidarity w/my brothers&amp;sisters still fightin…
RT @InvestigateRU: Facebook says it removed tens of thousands of fake accounts in month before German election:	https://t.co/O69hrzjnS5
RT @HamillHimself: Praising neo-Nazis as "some very good people". https://t.co/Eps4p7hVcd
RT @RWPUSA: Just got a "stand or kneel" email from POTUS with a push poll and ask for support. He's using our national anthem to raise cash…
RT @DaleJr: All Americans R granted rights 2 peaceful protests	Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution i…
Looks like we're still fighting the civil war. Hate to break it to the white supremacists, but racial justice wins.#TakingTheKnee
RT @brennanmgilmore: My grandpa is a 97 year-old WWII vet &amp; Missouri farmer who wanted to join w/ those who #TakeaKnee: "those kids have ev…
RT @NYCLU: If peaceful protests did nothing, the powerful wouldn't try so hard to silence them. #TakeAKnee https://t.co/0aONI66gJF
RT @soonergrunt: I've got 4 combat tours, which is 4 more than you do.	They can take a knee if they want, which was the whole fucking point…
RT @soledadobrien: The confederate flag. https://t.co/TYlbSNsOdD
With a non-existent POTUS, thank God we have an engaged citizenry who are willing to stand up or kneel to protect our democracy.
RT @Khubbard991: My husband died for your right to #TakeAKnee. He would have supported you; I support you. Sincerely, a military widow.
RT @uninterrupted: "It’s not about dividing. We as American people need to come together even stronger.” — @KingJames responds to @realDona…
Sick of DT crying hoax. We've been attacked. This is not about you. Our security &amp; Democracy at stake. Stand up,protect US &amp; be a POTUS!!
John McCain-a hero once again. Hopefully this will encourage other senators to have courage and kill this abomination once and for all.
RT @InvestigateRU: Via @snopes: The newly-formed CIR quickly came under the exact type of propaganda attack it is trying to expose:	https:/…
RT @ChelseaClinton: The President shared a GIF of him hitting a golf ball at my mother &amp; I didn't block him (though I did wish he had been…
.@davidfrum and I join forces to launch the new https://t.co/2DxB66DgxA https://t.co/GCJB7YLnXl
@davidfrum and I join forces to launch the new https://t.co/2DxB66DgxA https://t.co/GCJB7YLnXl
RT @InvestigateRU: For generations, ppl have fought to protect democracy. Now it’s our turn. Watch Morgan Freeman explain Russia’s plot to…
To understand the gravity of Russia's invasion of our democracy, today we launch Committee to Investigate Russia. https://t.co/sOArPWE7p9
Wiretapped Manafort faces indictment. The mentally ill lying racist misogynist childish bully can't tweet his way out of this.
DT is a sick liar. If we reward Sean Spicer for enabling his sickness,we are saying we accept a mentally ill POTUS.
DT RTs hitting HRC with golf ball. Getting really tired of begging GOP to get rid of this mentally ill disgrace. Not presidential or human.
RT @renato_mariotti: THREAD: Why news that Mueller obtained a search warrant for Facebook content may be the biggest news in the case since…
RT @JakeKPRC2: I will never get over the #Angels changing their city without moving. #GoAstros #EarnIt  #Rangers @KPRC2 https://t.co/MqBS2E…
I know Mueller needs to connect the dots. But for those who have been following DT/Russia scandal,the dots have formed one big criminal blob
My latest film opens Nov. 3. Woody is off the charts brilliant. #LBJMovie https://t.co/1ZFl13PKz1
RT @matthewamiller: There are too many Trump scandals for most people to keep up with, but this one is as bad as it gets. https://t.co/2N7b…
RT @DavidCornDC: This should be a major Trump scandal in and of itself.  https://t.co/hFRSaq711F
RT @romyreiner: So NO ONE cares that the President of the United States can't create a grammatically correct sentence?
As we send our thoughts,donations and love to victims of Irma,we must never forget Donald Trump is the worst POTUS in US history.
RT @AoDespair: In the pantheon of visual metaphors for America today, this is the money shot. https://t.co/09COuDutBC
RT @SarahKSilverman: https://t.co/IeV5w3YzQR
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Donald Trump Jr.’s new statement about June 2016 Trump Tower meeting is significant both in what is included &amp; what is e…
RT @tedlieu: Trump Jr. testimony confirms the initial public statement about the Russia meeting by @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @realDonaldTrump was a…
Don Jr. gave his 843rd version of how he didn't collude with the Russians. The apple is as big a liar as the tree.
RT @kylegriffin1: New report fears that the Kremlin would be willing to use that kind of hacking expertise, access to cause electrical blac…
By not rejecting DT, GOP has accepted racism &amp; treason. We're witnessing the putrefaction of an American political party.
Unfortunately there is no other way to say this: Donald J. Trump is a heartless prick.
Bad combo:NK with a hydrogen bomb,DT with shit for brains &amp; GOP with no balls. Mueller,the nation turns is lonely eyes to you. HURRY!
RT @Hindy500: That's me in the picture. I've never even been to Texas before. https://t.co/jIPfeALckc
RT @Elizasoul80: I didn't need to see Obama's birth certificate to believe he's American, but I'll definitely need to see Trump's hurricane…
DT,Texas is not heeling,it's healing. Heel:part of a foot or command to a dog. Heal:become sound or healthy,something you'll never be.
RT @AndrewBeatty: I traveled with the President yesterday. Personally, I would not claim to have seen Harvey's horror and devastation first…
With revelation of DT talking to Russians during campaign,picture coming into sharp focus:collusion,lies,obstruction. Cong: Draw Up Articles
Isn't anybody in GOP getting tired of being disgusted with DT? Using ratings of catastrophic tragedy to promote a racist. WTF! WTF! WTF!!!
RT @JoeBiden: We are living through a battle for the soul of this nation.	https://t.co/2XtpeyhVex
RT @LopezOnSports: My city is underwater. People losing everything. Unrelenting storm. Medical/1st responders on NO sleep. Thanks for book…
RT @BarackObama: Thank you to all the first responders and people helping each other out. That's what we do as Americans. Here's one way yo…
Same folks who are ok with DT murdering someone on 5th Ave. still think he's wearing clothes. Ignorance isn't always bliss.
With the pardoning of Joe Arpaio, Donald Trump has solidified his place in U.S. history. America knowingly elected a racist president.
DT, not to be upstaged by an act of God,announces future ban of transgenders from military &amp; pardons Arpaio. DT-a truly hateful human being.
RT @romyreiner: When will my reflection show who I am inside? https://t.co/6c8UC9GUQQ
McConnell,Ryan. What more will it take for you to save us from this mentally ill lying racist? Somewhere inside you must care about America.
DT read a speech off a prompter. That's all that happened tonight. Treading water in Afghanistan. Same  mentally ill racist still POTUS.
Oddly enough we weren't watching the eclipse, just a normal Monday morning activity. https://t.co/RX32I3PFZ7 https://t.co/Y5fOZWhT8l
GOP clings to racism. Only reason Ryan &amp; McConnell don't ask DT to resign, they need bigots to keep their jobs. For God's sake, Stand Up!
Heel never heel this country. He's too much of a heal.
Soon there will be only one rat left on the sinking ship: A big lying childish racist one. And Mueller has enough extermination equipment.
RT @romyreiner: https://t.co/j1GmrXzzdi
We've now reached the point where GOP electeds who have refused to reject Trump are saying they're ok with him shooting someone on 5th Ave.
RT @jk_rowling: One good thing about that abomination of a speech: it's now impossible for any Trump supporter to pretend they don't know w…
RT @jonfavs: The President of the United States just made it clear, in case anyone was still unsure, that he is in fact a racist.
Getting very tired of asking GOP to show strength. How much strength does it take to reject a POTUS who embraces Nazis? Step the fuck up!
RT @JasonFebery: Brutal cartoon from @guardian. https://t.co/dydsPSzRqO
RT @SethAbramson: Tonight we need to hear from REPUBLICAN LEADERS who are willing to PUBLICLY ABANDON their support of Trump. Please SHARE…
After watching today's presser, gotta feel GOP's getting their forks out preparing for some Trump sticking. Hard to side with Nazis.
Picture is developing into stark relief. DT only likes those who like him. KKK,Nazis,criminals,family. It's who he is. Who he's always been.
Of course DT won't go to Charlottesville. Very tough for a POTUS to be a moral compass when you cozy up to white supremacists and Nazis.
RT @romyreiner: I posted this November of 2016 and it's more relevant than it has ever been. https://t.co/AbCS6nmyaZ
Hopefully we're fighting last battle of Civil War &amp; racism entering death throes. All have to choose sides: DT/AltRight or human decency.
We're running out of places to put nails in Trump's coffin. Unless you're a racist antisemite you have no reason to support him.
RT @billclinton: Even as we protect free speech and assembly, we must condemn hatred, violence and white supremacy. #Charlottesville
RT @GlennThrush: It is neither unfair nor inaccurate to point out that the president has been tougher on Mitch McConnell than Putin or Nazi…
No mention of the evil of white supremacy or ugliness of racism. No acknowledgement of the hatred he has stoked. Disgraceful.
RT @PFTompkins: This is a very good thread. https://t.co/ec4IwwoDiI
RT @tribelaw: Unsettling but not surprising: https://t.co/CZ0MLTo1Fm
Let's be clear. The hatred we're seeing in Virginia lies at the feet of Donald Trump. Stoked during the campaign,his silence condones this.
What are the chances DT condemns white supremacists in Virginia? My money's on 0%. He'd rather stoke war,praise Putin &amp; run a crime family.
RT @JuddLegum: 1. TRUMP ATTACKED CONGRESS FOR IMPOSING SANCTIONS ON RUSSIA AND THANKED RUSSIA FOR IMPOSING SANCTION ON THE UNITED STATES
Bad enough chicken hawk keeps saber rattling, but thanking Putin for kicking out our diplomats. Exhibit A-collusion,conspiracy,treason. WTF
Just got a taste of how a lying childish chicken hawk bully handles a crisis. If this was 1962, we'd all be dead. DT you're no JFK.
1968. Got my first TV writing gig for Glenn Campbell. What a thrill to hang out w/Glenn &amp; watch maybe best guitar picker ever. Bye Glenn.
Finally even DT's biggest supporters are starting to walk away. They see a childish liar. They're right. Time to restore US to sanity.
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW VIDEO: You cannot have the POTUS under criminal investigation! The best argument against Trump I didn't write: http…
So far system of checks and balances is working. Insanity of DT being contained. Now one last check(mate) from Mueller &amp; US breathes again.
GOP has no respect for DT. Also no fear. He's a lying childish egomaniacal dangerous fool. GOP girding for the inevitable. Impeachment looms
There's only one thing standing in the way of Donald Trump's preservation of his presidency: REALITY
Russia calls you impotent. Congress deems you irrelevant. Prosecutor impanels Grand Jury. DT,have a fun vacation.
Donald Trump's latest job approval rating is 33%. Just wondering how low it has to go before Republicans become patriots. #SaveDemocracy
Exhausting to see a POTUS lie,break the law,act irrationally,undermine democracy &amp; disgrace US every day. GOP,you know you agree. Impeach
RT @RWPUSA: Knowingly drafting a false statement for a person who is a witness in a criminal investigation is itself a crime. Obstruction o…
RT @MeetThePress: FLASHBACK: Trump lawyer Sekulow to @ChuckTodd on July 18		WATCH: https://t.co/Utov2HXIyf https://t.co/xyVAQmOx8l
DT lawyer Sekulow lies &amp; joins the obstruction of justice train. If he wants to avoid jail, he might want to call John Dean for advice.
RT @washingtonpost: Exclusive: President Trump personally dictated the misleading statement on Donald Trump Jr.’s meeting with Russians htt…
DT dictates lie to press re:illegal campaign mtg. with Russians. This is the most moronic cover up in history. DT should just arrest himself
How to control a bully:Appoint a Gen. and &amp; relive Dad rejecting you &amp; sending you to military sch. Why do I think that won't work?
RT @BillKristol: The problem isn't chaos in the White House. The problem is contempt for the rules, procedures &amp; norms of lawful and respon…
Getting rid of Priebus &amp; installing Kelly won't make a difference. To quote the wisdom of Anthony Scaramucci:"A fish stinks from the head."
RT @GPDBenTobias: I'm a cop. 		I do not agree with or condone @POTUS remarks today on police brutality. 		Those that applauded and cheered…
Senator John McCain is a man of his word and a true hero. Compassion and heart wins the day.
RT @comingsoonnet: Watch Woody Harrelson in the trailer for @RobReiner's Presidential biopic #LBJ - https://t.co/ohyVguSGmd
RT @TelevisionAcad: Happy 95th #birthday @TheNormanLear! WATCH @therealjohnamos @robreiner &amp; more talk #NormanLear's TV legacy. @OneDayAtAT…
RT @repjohnlewis: I fought too long to end discrimination based on race and color to allow discrimination based on gender identity to be co…
RT @JoeBiden: Every patriotic American who is qualified to serve in our military should be able to serve. Full stop.
Not allowing transgender people to serve in military,DT again shows astounding ignorance &amp; bigotry. Simply put:DT is a hateful human being.
RT @davidaxelrod: "Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt."	-The late, great Abraham Lincoln…
They did it. GOP took one step closer to willingly kill Americans. God help us all if they take the final step. Not the country I grew up in
Amerian Psychoanalytic Assoc. gives its members permission to weigh in on DT. Since he's out of his effing mind, wonder what they'll say.
6 mos. into most corrupt presidency in US history &amp; POTUS is talking about pardoning himself. Astounding,breathtaking,insane. #Guilty
Looking at Constitutional crisis. Democratic institutions being tested. DT vs. American patriots. My money is with the patriots. #Impeach
DT trying to kill Mueller probe. Wants to pardon his family &amp; even himself. How sickening is this crime family? Don't let DT kill Democracy
RT @washingtonpost: Trump ends the CIA’s covert program of arming anti-Assad rebels in Syria, a move likely to please Russia https://t.co/w…
DT gives Putin free pass. Pulls CIA covert ops from Syria. Continues to sell out US to Russia. GOP open your eyes! #TrumpTreason
RT @RepJoeKennedy: Can't remember the last time a US president cheered suffering of our citizens &amp; advocated for failure of our economy. ht…
In the coming months we're going to see how a real espionage/influence campaign works. DT/Russia colluding to steal an election. God help US
RT @TheLastWord: WATCH: Republican @MaxBoot says GOP "has gone from 'Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall' to 'Mr. Putin, tear down this poli…
DT/Russia conspiracy proven. Only reason GOP doesn't impeach is base lives in delusional bubble fed by DT. MSM protect democracy. Vigilance
RT @LeanneNaramore: Shep Smith: "The deception, Chris, is mind-boggling...why are we getting told all these lies?"		Chris Wallace: "I don't…
Only reason GOP(party of Nat.Sec.)refuses to be patriotic &amp; stand up against Russian attack on US is complicity. Guilty of aiding/abetting.
To rest of the world:Vast majority of Americans are embarrassed by our POTUS. He's a delusional lying criminal ignorant fool. Sorry.
Like father like son,apple doesn't fall far from the tree,chip off the old block. Pick your cliche. Prison gates open to WH crime family.
RT @JoeNBC: How long will Republicans subvert the best interests of their country to cover up for Donald Trump?
It's now time for Mitch McConnell &amp; Paul Ryan to stand up &amp; protect our great 241 yr. experiment. We are a nation of laws. Love your country
RT @chrislhayes: HE PUT A DESCRIPTION OF THE CONSPIRACY IN AN EMAIL !!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This thing is over. Ts need to be crossed &amp; Is need to be dotted, but DT &amp; his crime family are going down. #LockThemAllUp
Stick a fork in it, party's over, fat lady is singing and she looks a lot like Don Jr. Time for GOP to do a Monty Python &amp; "RUN AWAY"
Coordination, collusion, treason. Whatever you want to call it, the gun just started to smoke. #LockThemUp
Today's tweet storm cements it. We have a delusional child with an electronic device as POTUS. He destroys all we stand for. #25thThe45th
RT @BraddJaffy: Wow. A searing assessment of the President of the United States by political editor @CUhlmann of Australia's ABC. https://t…
DT growing ever more desperate. Cries he was set up in the Don Jr./Manafort/Kushner mtg. with Russian. Noose must be tightening. Stay tuned.
Astounding that a POTUS would not defend US against an enemy invasion. DT turns his back on 241 yrs. of democracy for personal gain. Scary.
RT @SallyQYates: POTUS' inexplicable refusal to confirm Russian election interference insults career intel pros &amp; hinders our ability to pr…
RT @peterdaou: If you haven't read this Alexander Hamilton quote, here's your chance to be flabbergasted. https://t.co/4BAcL9yuz6
RT @jamieleecurtis: Carl Reiner: Justice Kennedy, Don’t Retire, via @nytimes Common sense from a fierce mind! #pleasejusticekennedy  https:…
Russia has invaded US &amp; continues to try to undermine our democracy. DT refuses to protect us. Don't let a weak ignorant liar sell us out.
RT @kylegriffin1: Worth a watch: The full @maddow piece on how an ostensible top secret NSA doc submitted to the show is likely fake. https…
Rachel Maddow receives fake classified info in attempt to discredit her. Democracy under dark arts attack. DT refuses to protect us. #FIGHT!
On foreign soil,DT trashes 1st amend.&amp; won't acknowledge attack on our democracy. He's a disgrace to US &amp; those who died to protect it.
RT @JoyAnnReid: Just heard this Octavia Butler quote for the first time and am now obsessed with it. https://t.co/2M4cVlGmFu
RT @votevets: Great news, @POTUS: "I hereby resign the Office of President of the United States effective immediately" is under 140 charact…
As we celebrate 241 yrs. of this great experiment, we pray our cherished democracy withstands most ignorant &amp; corrupt POTUS in US history.
RT @tribelaw: This excellent @CharlesMBlow piece needs no further comment: It says it all. https://t.co/BKVPyke3pm
I hear talk of invoking 25th amendment is making DT furious. Hey  DT, 25th amend. 25th amend. 25th amend. #25thAmendmentNow
RT @KeithOlbermann: Please RT if you agree the cabinet must invoke the 25th Amendment, TODAY, and immediately remove @realDonaldTrump from…
Those of us who care about democracy are getting tired of watching DT destroy it. GOP be patriots &amp; stand up against DT tyranny. #Patrotism
RT @amjoyshow: .@robreiner: "This is the first time in our history we that have a president that's not fighting for democracy." #AMJoy http…
US invaded by foreign enemy. POTUS does nothing. Tries to shut down probe. 1.Worry of illegitimacy 2.Crimes exposed 3.Both. I choose 3.Both
Lawfare blog. One big step closer. As Lee J. Cobb said in On The Waterfront: "They're dustin' off the hot seat for me" DT sweating bullets.
RT @BraddJaffy: This is explosive. Read the whole thing. https://t.co/X0z8gRwilK
Mueller must feel like Lucy at the candy conveyor belt. DT spitting out crimes 140 characters at a time.
RT @MalcolmNance: #Breaking It looks like mutilple counts of conspiracy w/ Russian intelligence btwn Smith &amp; Flynn.  https://t.co/0qqH2fgWUp
WSJ bombshell. 1st bit of concrete evidence of Trump/Russia collusion. All roads lead to Flynn. Fuse is long but DT goes down.
RT @RWPUSA: No US president before has called the press the enemy of the people. Dictators have said that, but no US president.
Besides possible obstruction of justice &amp; treason, we have a childish mentally unstable bully in the WH. We have 25th Amend. for a reason.
RT @LOLGOP: Mitch McConnell stole a Supreme Court seat		He blocked a bipartisan response to Russian hacking		He's still coming for your hea…
RT @kylegriffin1: Fmr NATO Amb. on Russia: "I find it dismaying and objectionable that Pres. Trump continues to deny the undeniable." https…
RT @RWPUSA: I just received an email from POTUS calling CNN the "Fake News Network". I have never seen a president behave this way. Somethi…
RT @JasonKander: I'm unfamiliar with the economic theory that says tax cuts for billionaires trickle down to working people in the form of…
RT @BraddJaffy: Feels like the right moment to re-up this. JFK on the press, and the presidency, in a free society. https://t.co/4nKnewp6a8
My use of "all out war" is not about violence. Press sec. calling Russia probe a hoax condones DT's all out war on MSM. Fight for 1st amend.
RT @kylegriffin1: This is a moment to watch and remember. https://t.co/Ld6EGfwiPx
RT @KamalaHarris: RT if you believe playing politics with people’s lives is unacceptable. We must send a powerful message to Congress: Don’…
RT @tedlieu: Dear Kellyanne Conway: Perhaps the elderly in nursing homes can go work at all the fake coal jobs that @realDonaldTrump keeps…
That GOP is ok with 22mil. losing health insurance &amp; knowing their votes could cause death is beyond heartless. Where's the human decency?
RT @chrislhayes: Children will get to be held personally responsible for their pediatric cancer. https://t.co/i6QOyMy3xp
When Fox says that DT colluding with the enemy is not a crime, the fight to save Democracy is now an all out war. US-Stay strong. #Treason
RT @RogueSNRadvisor: Alex Jones has been to the Trump White House more than the Speaker of the House &amp; Senate Majority Leader combined. Let…
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: Just got the phone totals this week. 387 calls opposed to GOP health bill. 0 call in support. 		Zero. 		Never seen anyth…
RT @chrislhayes: POTUS hasn't given an interview in weeks, a full press conference in months. Daily briefing can't be recorded. Senate writ…
RT @funder: To Bob Mueller-		Please Hurry.		America
David Corn on AMJOY made the case closed point: DT's tweet admitting Russia's attack makes DT complicit. He aided and abetted. #TREASON
RT @MaxineWaters: No Comey tapes, no Obama wiretapping, no evidence against S. Rice, no tax returns, &amp; five months in, still no clue how to…
WAPO bombshell. Putin directed attack on US democracy. Why no response from DT? Collusion? Treason? The truth will emerge. #TrumpRussia
RT @AdamParkhomenko: wow https://t.co/T8qlYp1u0h
RT @BraddJaffy: Statement from Barack Obama: "The Senate bill, unveiled today, is not a health care bill." https://t.co/jrrvTw2coU https://…
GOP historically opposes Medicaid. Make no mistake, their bill destroys it. All for huge tax cuts for the rich. It's beyond obscene #resist
RT @ACLU: We can't believe this needs to be said, but it's not okay to drag people out of wheelchairs when they're protesting legislation.…
RT @JoeNBC: The GOP bills raise deductibles, cuts coverage and slashes Medicaid. Trump promised repeatedly to voters he would do none of th…
RT @tedlieu: Any rational person who has seen the classified information, as I have, knows @POTUS is lying when he calls Russian interferen…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Update from the swamp: Health insurance lobbyists get to see the Trumpcare bill. Patients...sorry you're out of luck. ht…
RT @th3j35t3r: WOW. The man who ran 'Data Trust' the outfit that leaked 200 million voter details... is now Director of Presidential Person…
With hacking of voter rolls targeting predominantly Democratic districts we're one big step closer to Trump/Russia collusion. Stay tuned.
RT @SenKamalaHarris: Retweet if you:	 	Have a right to know what’s in Congressional Republicans' health care plan.	 	(This is everyone.)
DT won't acknowledge being attacked by Russia,is ignorant of bill that affects 1/6 of US economy &amp; pathologically lies. We deserve better
RT @SenFranken: When we wrote #ACA yrs ago, we had 100s of hours of public hearings, adopted 160+ GOP amendments, &amp; then had hours of debat…
RT @kurteichenwald: GOP raged they only had 2 months 2 read OCare bill. McConnell will give entire Senate 10 hours on Trumpcare. The hypocr…
RT @chrislhayes: We try every single day to get Senate Republicans to simply come on and explain the bill and defend it. Zero takers. Every…
DT's sick need for self aggrandizement &amp; self preservation keeps him from acknowledging &amp; protecting us from Russian attack on US #Resign
RT @tribelaw: This is deadly serious. And every possible explanation says Trump's presidency gravely imperils America: https://t.co/S6VoFG7…
RT @Mikel_Jollett: Ask yourself:		Is the guy who got a Purple Heart then served 5 presidents the one hurting America?		Or is it the guy who…
The tragedy in Virginia has brought us together. Now we must come together over Russia's attack on our democracy. POTUS, stop obstructing!
RT @ggreeneva: i 	just want	a country		where affording	health care	is easy		and getting shot	in the street	is hard		why	is that	so much	to…
All the president's men can lie &amp; refuse to answer questions, but the truth will be their undoing &amp; set the rest of us free. #trumprussia
RT @SenKamalaHarris: It's unacceptable that Sessions - the top law enforcement official in the country - cannot name his legal basis for ev…
If DT fires Robert Mueller, we officially pass Watergate &amp; Trump becomes most corrupt POTUS of greatest scandal in US history. #Trumprussia
RT @antonio4ca: Voters deserve an honest &amp; substantive debate about how we're going to close the gap between the rich and poor in CA https:…
DT'll do anything to obfuscate &amp; it'll take time, but truth will emerge. Being a pathological liar will not serve DT well. #TrumpGoesDown
Our democracy is under attack by a hostile foreign power and we have a president who could care less. We need to know why. #Trumprussia
RT @Mikel_Jollett: One of these two men is lying.		I wonder if it's the guy who served 3 presidents from 2 parties or the one who said Obam…
The orchestra has finished the overture &amp; the fat lady has taken the stage. The mentally unstable liar is preparing to exit. #ImpeachTrump
RT @JeffreyToobin: Comey's statement establishes obstruction of justice by Trump. Period.
Clearly Coats &amp; Rodgers were pressured by DT to kill the investigation. The cover up intensifies. The truth will come out. #ImpeachTrump
RT @kylegriffin1: Strong language. Fmr. DNI Clapper: "Watergate pales, really, in my view, compared to what we're confronting now." (via @M…
Mattis,McMaster,Tillerson &amp; Kelly must stop making excuses for a lunatic president. Speak the truth. National security at stake. #impeach
RT @JoyAnnReid: This is truly a must read if you care about truth &amp; the health of the republic. The kicker is especially important. https:/…
People of the world should know: Majority of Americans are embarrassed by Trump &amp; are fighting against him to preserve democracy. #impeach
RT @RWPUSA: This White House is creating more jobs for criminal defense lawyers in Washington than it will ever create for steel workers in…
Applaud Govs. Cuomo,Brown,Inslee. Just because DT is delusional &amp; ignorant,our planet still needs protecting. Btw,treason not going away.
We're all having fun with COVFEFE, but the truth is we have a mentally unstable idiot running the country. #ImpeachCovfefe
COVFEFE: Collusion Of Vile Fatuous Evil Fascist Egomaniacs
The day DT put his hand on the Bible and swore to uphold the constitution, he violated it. If GOP were patriots, democracy would survive.
If Russia dropped an atom bomb on NY, GOP would be up in arms. Make no mistake, Democracy is under attack. GOP STAND UP! #ImpeachTrump
RT @tedlieu: Let's be clear: #Kushner lied on his first SF86 security clearance form. Then he LIED AGAIN on his revised form. These are 2 f…
What will it take for GOP to put country over party? Does Putin have to literally be sitting in the Oval Office? #ImpeachTrumpNow
Kushner is as dirty as DT. The two dumbest purveyors of treason in US history. The fat lady is waiting in the wings. #ImpeachTrump
RT @BraddJaffy: Guy gets hit by a car. Cop asks about his immigration status before offering him medical aid. https://t.co/MjAea8O0rW
DT has made it perfectly clear. He's allied with a hostile foreign power. We can not be ok with this. The corruption must stop. #Impeach45
RT @JoyAnnReid: History is going to be scathing in its judgment of the men who had all the power they needed to act and did absolutely noth…
You don't have to be a great "between the words listener" to hear Brennan say there was evidence of Trump/Russia collusion. #impeach
We're all sickened and heartbroken for the victims in Manchester. These evil attacks have become far to prevalent. Hate will never stop love
To quote A Few Good Men, this could end quickly. Just swear DT in &amp; ask if he colluded with Russia. Answer: "You're God damn right I did!!"
We all need to follow the example of the Notre Dame grads &amp; walk away from the most corrupt administration in our lifetime. #Trumprussia
RT @tribelaw: .@AlanDersh forgets a core const'l principle: acts otherwise unreviewable = unconstitutional if done for forbidden reason eg…
RT @tribelaw: I don't often take @JoeNBC'S side vs my friend @AlanDersh  on legal issues, but when @JoeNBC is right I have no choice but to…
RT @Evan_McMullin: Our incredible reality: Moscow helps Trump in election. FBI investigates. Trump fires FBI director. Trump reports back t…
RT @peterdaou: DEAR GOP: There is NO credible way to defend an American president trashing the FBI director to curry favor with Russia. Non…
Only way Trump could disgrace this nation more is if he took a shit in the Oval Office. #Trumprussia #Impeach
With Mueller things could quiet down. But don't fret. Still have Rachel,Lawrence,NYT,WaPo,Reuters.May take a while,but DT is going down.
The fat lady is warming up her vocal chords.
Where have you gone Speaker Ryan? Our nation turns its lonely eyes to you. Grow a spine and save us from this dangerous fool. #impeach
RT @robreiner: Historians will look back at this presidency as either a surreal test of our democracy or the end of it.
RT @ddkochel: John McCain probably revealed less to the KGB in 5+ years of torture at the Hanoi Hilton than Trump did in 5 minutes in the O…
DT is a complete and utter moron. He shares highly classified info with Russians. He is a danger to democracy and the world. #Impeach
RT @amjoyshow: .@TRIBELAW strongly proclaims why #Trump's impeachment process needs to start *NOW*. RETWEET TO AGREE #AMJoy https://t.co/8C…
Paul Ryan &amp; Mitch McConnell have violated their oaths. They refuse to protect us from domestic enemy DT. Find your souls. #ImpeachNow
RT @tribelaw: Why I say the time has come to launch an impeachment investigation of @POTUS: https://t.co/lkgPUeKPpd
Historians will look back at this presidency as either a surreal test of our democracy or the end of it.
RT @kylegriffin1: .@JoeNBC: If Republicans were upset abt Bill Clinton-Loretta Lynch tarmac meeting, how can you condone Trump asking Comey…
Since GOP is unwilling to honor their oaths to protect US against enemies foreign and domestic, AG Rosenstein must appt. special prosecutor
For the preservation of our democracy, THIS https://t.co/4zGI5WspUA
Begging GOP to stand up for America. POTUS can not be more corrupt or mentally unstable. US first. Fight for democracy. #Independentcounsel
RT @funder: #BREAKING: Senator @MarkWarner just said FBI Director James Comey will still testify on Thursday in #TrumpRussia probe		#Impeac…
RT @JeffFlake: I've spent the last several hours trying to find an acceptable rationale for the timing of Comey's firing. I just can't do i…
RT @SethAbramson: BREAKING: Trump, not Tillerson, to meet TOMORROW with the Russian (Lavrov) who, per ex-MI6 Steele, *ran* Putin's election…
RT @JoeNBC: It is critical Republicans call for the appointment of an independent prosecutor. Not just for the good of the party but for th…
RT @jimsciutto: Remember AG Sessions, who recused himself from Russia investigation, has fired the leader of that investigation, Director C…
Trump might just as well have said: "Lock me up" Last gasp of a dying man. GOP stop being unpatriotic pussies. #SpecialProsecutor
Before Russiagate erupts into flames(and it will) the greedy mentally ill pathological liar kills us with smoke inhalation. #Trumprussia
Sally Yates brilliant. Russia closing in on the trapped rat. Might take a while,but greedy,sick pathological liar heading out. #Trumprussia
RT @kylegriffin1: Rep. Swalwell on Trump-Russia connection: "There's a pattern here...of deep personal, political &amp; financial ties." https:…
If Sally Yates could reveal Flynn/Kislyak transcripts,It'd be "check please" for DT. When truth comes out, sick liar is gone. #Trumprussia
RT @HillaryClinton: Victory for Macron, for France, the EU, &amp; the world. 		Defeat to those interfering w/democracy. (But the media says I c…
RT @JoyAnnReid: Powerful and eloquent. https://t.co/azGWwTEIMW
If DT knew Flynn was a Russian asset, stick a fork in him. Special prosecutor critical to get to truth. Democracy at stake. #trumprussia
RT @SarahKSilverman: Please everyone who voted for Trumpcare watch this. Please. @GOP @realdonaldtrump https://t.co/pg3ElfnxYL
RT @kylegriffin1: Q: What makes you sure that there is collusion?		SWALWELL: "It's the evidence I've reviewed on the classified side." http…
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW VIDEO: FBI Director Comey may have confirmed reports that a Virginia Grand Jury is impaneled on Trump/Russia  https…
RT @GeorgeTakei: It should be noted, the GOP voted to give folks with preexisting mental health issues access to firearms but not insurance.
GOP health bill is an obscenity. Before DT can inflict more pain on America, we must rid US of the criminal pathological liar. #Trumprussia
Crystal clear:GOP has no interest in DT/Russian connections. Special prosecutor imperative to preserve democracy &amp; protect US from a sick DT
RT @tribelaw: How many "last straws" can there be before the nation finally sees Trump as a demented, dysfunctional threat to our success &amp;…
Unfortunate that we &amp; MSM have to dignify anything DT utters. He is a mentally unstable pathological liar. Must be removed. #trumprussia
DT not knowing Andrew Jackson died before Civil War is not surprising. He is a complete and utter moron. Impeach. Treason. #trumprussia
RT @SethAbramson: #MarchForTruth. Demand a PROPER Trump-Russia investigation. June 3. All across America. More info: https://t.co/Rmv4lvtkF…
Rep. Barbara Lee was a lonely voice against Iraq war. She was 100% right. Now Maxine Waters speaks truth on Trump/Russia. Collusion #Resist
RT @RadioFreeTom: There's no arguing this. My fellow conservatives would be psychotic with rage if this were any Dem, not just Hillary. htt…
DT still begging for love in Penn. It's almost physically impossible to lie that much. But truth has a funny way of hanging in. #resist
RT @kylegriffin1: .@maddow reports: NBC News has learned both the Trump transition and the White House *did* perform a background check on…
RT @amjoyshow: .@ROBREINER: Man who's head of our country is pathological liar &amp; everybody around him is lying #AMJoy #mikeflynn  https://t…
DT,Pence,Sessions,Spicer knew Flynn was a criminal when he was hired as Natsec advisor. One step closer to impeachment. #trumprussia
RT @funder: #Breaking: Congressman tells Chris Matthews he has seen "evidence of collusion” #burrmustrecuse #trumprussia #resist	https://t.…
RT @EJDionne: The true #Trump 100-day achievement we don't discuss &amp; that's the achievement: Ducking the #Russia story. My column	https://t…
Special prosecutor is imperative. If appointed, the most corrupt POTUS in history will be exposed &amp; new Fed. Prison needed to house everyone
RT @BraddJaffy: Blumenthal: “powerful, mounting, incontrovertible evidence that there has been a violation of criminal law” by Flynn; “must…
RT @BraddJaffy: Cummings says the White House is “covering up for Michael Flynn … it makes the American people think the White House has so…
Don't know about you,but overwhelming corruption of DT WH is nauseating with no one at DOJ to prosecute. Someone, anyone grow some balls.
RT @MalcolmNance: #BREAKING House cmte says Flynn money fm Russia &amp; Turkey illegal. Political Death Watch for how fast he turns into witnes…
RT @LouiseMensch: Lots of governments other than USA have that tape of Trump Carter Page played in Moscow. I know of at least three and hea…
RT @kylegriffin1: Sally Yates and James Clapper will testify on May 8 before a Senate Judiciary Subcomittee on Russian election interferenc…
RT @ReallyMarcia: Not just a March,	but a full on REVOLT	until there is a bi-partisan investigation	with extra staff to support it!! 	We mu…
Crystal clear:DT/Russians colluded to steal election. Since GOP rejects patriotic duty, Dems must shout daily 4 probe to preserve democracy
RT @MaxineWaters: This is why we need an ind. investigation =&gt;Senate Russia probe flounders amid partisan bickering https://t.co/wKuxtB1umZ…
If you want to scare the crap out of yourself,read DT's AP interview. That that incomprehensible,moronic liar is POTUS is beyond disturbing
100 days: no wall,no Muslim ban,no health care,no tax reform,no infrastructure,one stolen Supreme Court seat,one stolen election. 1,000 lies
RT @kylegriffin1: Trump gives a shout out to Pavarotti, calls him "a good friend of mine".		Pavarotti died 10 years ago in 2007. —via @MSNB…
RT @CharlesMBlow: Read my column, "A Fake and a Fraud," and let me know what you think. https://t.co/PTtKoj8BUK
RT @MaxineWaters: The President is a liar, his actions are contemptible, &amp; I'm going to fight everyday until he's impeached.
They say be patient, but each day of the most corrupt presidency in our lifetime puts Americans more at risk. #Trumprussia #TrumpColluded
RT @SethAbramson: European intel agencies have given proof of Trump-Russia collusion to the FBI; Congress must now hold PUBLIC hearings. RE…
RT @SenBobCasey: @washingtonpost Who among us hasn't secretly met with a Putin confidant in the Seychelles? https://t.co/OdAu1pP65h
RT @davidfrum: Shocking that Americans can’t expect privacy when they talk with hostile foreign spy agencies about how to sway US policy in…
If Louise Mensch's latest patribotics piece is correct, GAME OVER for Donald Trump.
RT @StephenKing: Come on, chickenshit, if you're man enough to drop a mega-bomb on Afghanistan, you should be man enough to release your ta…
RT @SethAbramson: Please RETWEET if you're one of the 74% of Americans (ABC/WaPo Poll) who want to see Trump's taxes and were _not_ paid to…
It's one thing when a mentally ill lying moronic narcissist plays at being POTUS,but that the sick fool could take us to war is frightening
RT @NancyPelosi: RT if you agree that Congress has a responsibility to immediately debate President Trump’s actions in Syria and rhetoric o…
If you wanted to hide criminal activity, this would be a good way. Russia/Collusion must be bearing down. #TrumpColluded https://t.co/7YJFlQ1T1E
RT @MaxineWaters: The question remains what does Putin have on Trump that he is seemingly the ONLY person Trump will not criticize in any w…
RT @ananavarro: If Trump thinks dropping bombs is the Mother of All Distractions, this could become more frequent. Do not lose focus on Tru…
RT @subzerov690: Mother of all bafoons​ dropped mother of all bombs to create DISTRACTION from mother of all betrayals.Dont get distracted…
Calling on Congress: Do not let DT violate the Constitution &amp; invade a sovereign nation again w/o approval. Never forget. #Trumprussia
RT @funder: Investigators have ‘concrete evidence’ of collusion between Trump camp &amp; Russian govt #TrumpColluded #trumprussia https://t.co/…
No matter how much DT tries to mainstream himself or MSM tries to normalize, never forget: An enemy power invaded US. #Trumprussia
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW VIDEO: President "Let Me Eat Cake" Trump is a Jackass (warning: I employ the term 27 times in this commentary) http…
RT @tedlieu: Warrant on Carter Page shows we no longer have smoke. We have extreme heat. Acting Atty General must appoint a Special Prosecu…
RT @AoDespair: RT this, please. Because it shouldn't be an abstraction when an 8-year-old goes to school and is shot to death in his classr…
RT @DLin71: Black History Month	-Frederick Douglass is alive		Sexual Assault Awareness	-O'Reilly did nothing wrong		Passover	-Hitler didn't…
Jews at seders will ask:"Why is this night different from all other nights?" Answer:"Nothing, there are still anti-semites in the WH.
Glad Rachel Maddow is re-focusing our attention to most important story facing future of our democracy:DT/Russia collusion #TrumpRussia
RT @funder: If there are recordings or transcripts of Team Trump &amp; Russians colluding Americans deserve to know immediately! RT if u agree!…
Sure hope MSM can walk and chew gum. Just because the pathological liar flexes military might,doesn't negate collusion. #TrumpRussia
RT @jayrosen_nyu: Narcissistic Personality Disorder and the man in power. https://t.co/3rj7PNFgMM Best point: only with weak parties could…
DT reads speech off TelePrompTer,he's a POTUS. He orders missile strike,same thing. Sorry,it takes a lot more. Don't be duped. #trumprusia
Had a once in a lifetime experience. First father and son to be honored with hands &amp; feet in cement at Grauman's. Thanks Bill. Great friend https://t.co/vIhylXnJod
RT @carlreiner: Beyond my fondest dreams was the ceremony at Grauman's Theater where Rob &amp; I were honored within an inch of our lives... an…
RT @chrislhayes: A reminder that those babies we all saw being gassed will be banned from the US if Potus gets his way.
RT @MaxineWaters: It's the same for anyone who has bragged about groping women, mocked the disabled, defrauded students, and cheated contra…
RT @CharlesMBlow: Thanks Twitter: "Creeping Toward Crisis" is trending!  Read the column here:  https://t.co/ouEsuuvWkl
After reading latest NYT piece,the 25th amendment has to seriously be considered. POTUS has real mental deficiencies. Heard he has dementia.
RT @GeorgeTakei: Conservatives are falling over themselves trying to find something else besides Russia for the country to focus on. Beware…
DT is a sick lying fool. It's tragic that press has to cover him as if what he says has any validity. US needs a real POTUS. #trumprussia
Intel. Comm. member Joaquin Castro indicates Trump/Russia people will go to jail. DT can obfuscate all he wants,he's done. #Trumprussia
RT @NancySinatra: Excellent news. 🇺🇸	IMPEACH https://t.co/MMpr4Cn8Xt
This is a long piece published some time ago, but I urge everyone to read it. If cracked, this is the smoking gun.	https://t.co/yWdKR3aqIz
They stole the election, but they will not steal our democracy. #trumprussia
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW VIDEO: Trump's panic confirms huge break in his Russian Scandals. Putin's DC election fixer ID'd - and on tape http…
RT @funder: FBI probing whether Trump aides helped Russian intel in early 2016 @CBSNews 		#trumprussia #russiagate #resist https://t.co/ALf…
There is no question that DT is going down. Only concern-how much serious damage before the mentally unstable fool is gone. #Trumprussia
Why would anyone think that a guy who had 6 bankruptcies,is a pathological liar, and grabs women by the pussy would make a subpar president
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Sally Yates is willing to testify, WH says they want her to testify, public wants to hear from her, Brennan and Clapper.…
Nunes used as pawn,Flynn asks for immunity,Stone talks to Guccifer,Manafort the dry cleaner,DT lies his ass off. Ashes,ashes all fall down
DT is engaged in the most moronic ham-handed cover up in history. Obfuscation won't work. MSM has eyes on the prize. #Trumprussia
Entertainment leaders: don't fall for this "deal." Doesn't repeal #HB2. Only way we're coming back is w/ FULL repeal https://t.co/oETkhI4gy3
RT @funder: #BREAKING: Source D in the #TrumpRussia Dossier Confirmed to be Trump Associate Sergei Millian		#russiagate #resist https://t.c…
Let's hope Senate Intel Comm. stays bi-partisan when the next bomb lands on DT. Lying,stupidity,sickness must exit the WH. #Trumprussia
RT @algore: The movement continues. Please watch &amp; share the new trailer for @aitruthfilm in theatres July 28th.#BeInconvenient https://t.c…
RT @NBCNightlyNews: EXCLUSIVE: @RichardEngel on Cyprus accounts linked to Paul #Manafort that raised a red flag. https://t.co/bs6TqLUome ht…
RT @Reuters: UPDATE: Nunes says he will not share his intelligence sources with other members of committee. https://t.co/NCA3afhmwL https:/…
We're looking at collusion,money laundering &amp; treason. This is the one time when the crimes are worse than the cover up. #Trumprussia
RT @Impeach_D_Trump: Anyone Else Notice That Jared Kushner Has Just Deleted All His Tweets?  This in the Middle of a W.H. Data Purge... htt…
RT @BraddJaffy: Interesting—Jeremy Bash implies Sally Yates had revelations for House Intel about when she told WH that Flynn lied. Nunes n…
RT @Casey_Clemmons: THIS SPEECH HAPPENED 8 DAYS BEFORE THE ELECTION. WATCH EVERY SECOND OF IT. DON'T MISS A THING. WATCH IT THREE TIMES. ht…
DT is a lying failure. We need an independent commission &amp; special prosecutor now before desperation leads to war. #TrumpRussia
RT @tedlieu: "President" @realDonaldTrump: You truly are an evil man. Your job is to help Americans. Not intentionally try to destroy their…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: The American people demand – and deserve – the truth. Congress must create an independent commission to #FollowTheFacts…
DT is a complete failure. He must be removed before he fails at something that will cost people's lives. Independent com. #Trumprussia
DT attempt at cover up is pathetic. Like in Princess Bride when Vizzini switches goblets on the Man In Black. Remember what happened to him?
RT @carlreiner: If my son Rob &amp; I did as well as we &amp; the audience feel we did on "THE TALK," which airs tomorrow, check it out, you may we…
The liar is a loser.
RT @SenWarren: The truth will come out, @GOP. Get on the right side of history before it's too late.
Not usually in the habit of making predictions, but the wheels are off DT admin. If GOP can't pass health care, DT resigns before shit/fan.
RT @MeetThePress: .@RepAdamSchiff on Trump/Russia connection: "There is more than circumstantial evidence now...and is very much worthy of…
RT @LukeRussert: Okay----real talk thread----this Nunes story is insane. In my 7 years covering the Hill, never saw something like this fro…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Today, Chairman Nunes shared information with WH still withheld from our committee. He cannot conduct a credible investi…
RT @JoeNBC: If the Republican Party wants to do what is best for this country and its national security, they will remove Devin Nunes as In…
Nunes is clearly partisan. For the sake of the preservation of our democracy, we need an independent commission &amp; special prosecutor now.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Manafort worked w/ oligarch to advance Putin's interests and was Trump campaign chair when Russia released stolen docs.…
Our almost 250 yr. old democracy is being tested. We've been invaded. It's time to put country over party and protect this great experiment
RT @carlbernstein: The most dangerous 'enemy of the people' is presidential lying--always. Attacks on press by @realDonaldTrump more treach…
RT @DLeonhardt: Our president is a liar. The question now is how serious his lies are.  https://t.co/hQ7Wo6mO6o
RT @Kasparov63: The house is on fire, Trump is running around with a box of matches, and the GOP demands to know who called the fire depart…
RT @20committee: In light of #ComeyHearing, I remind TeamTrump that the first couple folks who talk generally get the best deal, maybe even…
What we now know for sure: 1.The pathological liar lied about Obama tapping him. 2. FBI investigating Trump/Russia collusion #Trumprussia
RT @LawyerRogelio: The White House is not good enough for them. https://t.co/hE5ZgszcsK
RT @JewdyGold: I have been thinking the same exact thing. https://t.co/z3oYQksCXt
If there were any in GOP with patriotism &amp; integrity, DT would be long gone. An ignorant,sick,pathological liar can't lead the free world.
The pathological liar uses Angela Merkel to continue his lying crap &amp; press laughs. He may be POTUS but he's sick. Don't normalize.
The pathological liar exposed again. Danger to our standing in the world &amp; democracy itself at stake. Impeachment looms. #Trumprussia
I love Rachel Maddow but she was played. DT's incomplete 2005 tax return distracts from a disastrous healthcare bill &amp; Russia. #TrumpRussia
RT @GeorgeTakei: TRUMP in 2015: "Everybody's gotta be covered."	TRUMP in 2017: "Except for 24 million of you."
RT @Evan_McMullin: It's time for Republican leadership in Congress to establish a bipartisan select committee to investigate Russia and Tru…
RT @KamalaHarris: We can’t forget: Attorney General Jeff Sessions lied to Congress about meeting with Russian officials. Recusal isn’t enou…
RT @maddow: 24 million people losing insurance is roughly equivalent to the population of:		VT	AL	ND	SD	DE	MT	RI	ME	NH	ID	WV	NE	NM	KS	WY		*…
Americans would not sit idly by if Russians dropped bombs on State Dept. &amp; CIA after helping elect POTUS. Don't be blind. #patriotsUnite
He can fire Bharara,gut State Dept,attack the IC &amp; judges,traffic in conspiracy, but this lying narcissist is going down. #PatriotsUnite
RT @amjoyshow: .@MALCOLMNANCE on how Roger Stone's contact w/Guccifer 2.0 - likely GRU entity - could mean Russian collusion #AMJoy https:/…
DT is the most corrupt POTUS in my lifetime. Don't let a soulless pathological liar numb you with his mountain of lies. Democracy at stake.
The insane lying is infectious. Pence says he just heard of Flynn being a foreign agent. Rep. Cummings informed him of that months ago.
Manafort imports Russian intelligence agent to GOP convention. DT directs him to change platform to aid Russia. The fire's burning hotter.
DT advisor Roger Stone in direct contact with Russian hacker Guccifer 2.0. The smoke is starting to become fire. #TrumpRussia
RT @Merrillmarkoe: Rachel Maddow does more breathtaking work. God Bless Rachel Maddow. Pieces of Trump dossier check out  https://t.co/sL4s…
RT @amjoyshow: #Trump loyalist Roger Stone communicated with "Guccifer 2.0," target of FBI probe https://t.co/osaLOKa6u3 via @tsgnews
Every morning I wake up thinking maybe it's just been a bad dream. Then I get hit with the reality of the DT nightmare. Adult Reps step up!
RT @TheLastWord: .@Lawrence: Trump is in over his head https://t.co/YwyfXzEG3M https://t.co/HUAOXv4q9X
End of the day DT may wish all he faces is impeachment. Violate Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and help fund terrorism-prison! #LockHimUp https://t.co/7EBFiKZKsF
Don't know why everyone is so surprised that DT would make up tapping story. He's a sick pathological liar. GOP patriots step up. Protect US
RT @amjoyshow: .@ROBREINER: We don't have anybody at the helm of our country right now. RETWEET TO AGREE #AMJoy https://t.co/udmFFJOOq7
What a surprise! DT lies again. That's what you want in a POTUS, a sociopath who cries wolf. Don't know about you, I'm comforted. #Impeach
If DT is telling truth for first time in his life and, per FBI, he was tapped, it sure feels like the dam is about to burst #TrumpRussia
RT @SenFranken: Attorney General Jeff Sessions, if you lied under oath to the American people and Congress, you need to resign. https://t.c…
RT @jaketapper: I hereby declare that I am here by the grace of God and I hear by my ears
Added to the "I know you are but what am I defense" we're now moving into the "I'm rubber, you're glue" ploy. https://t.co/3ehDWovD4L
Very proud to be part of this important project. Hope you'll watch https://t.co/jpzb5VEAL8
Somehow I don't think the "I know you are, but what am I defense" is gonna work. https://t.co/vs57Je2cMs
RT @CAPAction: Here's the video of Sessions denying **under oath** that he had communications with the Russians. https://t.co/YFxCgqjQo6
Sessions lied at Senate hearings. Had contact w/Russia during campaign. NYT backs up story of Russian contacts. Here we go! #Trumprussia
RT @JoyAnnReid: After tonight, we ned to stop talking about the Republican Party and Trump separately. The GOP is an authoritarian, nationa…
RT @DavidCornDC: Democracy dies in the darkness. It also dies if journalists pay more attention to tone than substance.
When this chapter of our history is written, those who supported this lying narcissistic dangerous fool will know deep regret. #trumprussia
RT @HalSparks: ‘This is insane’: Trump blasted for parroting same anti-Jewish conspiracy as white supremacist site https://t.co/r3T4Z9KhPs
RT @chrislhayes: Convincing! https://t.co/fQ8I458ANe
RT @GeorgeTakei: https://t.co/3shzFVU23t
RT @davidfrum: This video deepening the Russia-Trump connection is long - but worth watching and thinking about https://t.co/xyFg3gyKM1
@KeithOlbermann Urge everyone who cares about preserving our democracy to watch this. We demand answers. #Independentinvestigation https://t.co/WXi73eFOps
RT @funder: .RT if u want an immediate independent investigation into #TrumpRussia ties @robreiner
Rep. Nunes says no DT/Russian contact during campaign. Either he or NYT is wrong. My moneys with "enemy of the people" No whitewash!
RT @ananavarro: In 12 hours, there's been more investigation/clarification  re #Oscar2017 screw-up, than there's been of Trump/Russia ties…
Instead of lying &amp; crying like a 2 yr. old about fake news,try acting like a POTUS &amp; at least pretend you care about violence against Jews.
Great idea. And Alec Baldwin should play Trump https://t.co/icebzJR7Nw
RT @amjoyshow: .@MALCOLMNANCE accuses #Trump administration of not putting the country first. RETWEET TO AGREE #AMJoy https://t.co/Dkhrd3Qx…
Applauding Darrell Issa. First prominent Republican to put country ahead of party in calling for special prosecutor of DT/Russian ties.
RT @davidfrum: If you’re a news outlet allowed into a Trump White House gaggle, you need to ask yourself: what am I doing wrong?
RT @JuddLegum: Huge moment. 		Darrell Issa calls for Sessions to recuse himself &amp; a special prosecutor to investigate Trump/Russia		https:/…
RT @StephenAtHome: Don’t (RUSSIA) let this (RUSSIA) press (RUSSIA) issue distract you (RUSSIA) from (oh my God RUSSIA) Trump’s ties to Russ…
Time for media to dig in hard to get the truth out about Trump ties to Russia. 1st amendment and life of our democracy depends on it.
Watching DT address CPAC. Astounding that this ball of narcissistic sickness is actually our president. Follow the bouncing cover up.
RT @tribelaw: That puts it mildly. The first basis for impeaching Nixon was his staff's effort to deflect FBI investigation of the Watergat…
RT @broazay: I wrote about Trump, Putin, the Steele Dossier, and what happens when fake news hits home for @GQMagazine: https://t.co/MJyvqY…
RT @LouiseMensch: The Comey FBI letter that handed the election to Donald Trump seems to have been forced by Russia - start to finish https…
RT @MalcolmNance: This is the beginning of the end.| FBI refused White House request to knock down recent Trump-Russia stories https://t.co…
Every day the short-fingered vulgarian comes closer to hitting that Russian iceberg. "Man the lifeboats! Liars and narcissists first!"
Only one reason Reince Priebus tries to obstruct justice. Trying to cover for his mentally unstable boss' collusion with an enemy power.
RT @chrislhayes: thisclose https://t.co/De6ZIrCSHR
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW VIDEO: #BecauseHesAlreadyReEnactingWatergate He. Must. Go. https://t.co/duttzfiwWm
Americans want: 1.ACA 2.Muslims,Mexicans,Blacks,Jews,Women,LGBT afforded their rights 3.Democracy protected from Russia We are the majority
RT @KeithOlbermann: Oh look. What am I saying in today's commentary? Something about the Intelligence Community slowly destroying Trump? ht…
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW VIDEO: Ya think Trump realizes the goal of Intelligence Community leaks? One wrote: "He will die in prison" https:/…
RT @TheMattWilstein: .@JoeNBC played hard to @colbertlateshow's liberal audience last night, and they ate it up: https://t.co/7hHNbx83qK ht…
RT @dabeard: As taxpayers paid $10m for 3 #Trump weekends in Florida, a Trump hiring freeze ended pre-K, daycare for US military families i…
RT @BraddJaffy: Angry constituents confront Chuck Grassley in Iowa: “If it wasn’t for Obamacare, we wouldn’t be able to afford insurance!”…
RT @amjoyshow: 33 questions about #DonaldTrump and Russia https://t.co/ywX4Z6dlqg via @voxdotcom
RT @JoyAnnReid: This is insane. We are not this country. https://t.co/MUKfJjfprS
We have two paths. 1.Republicans show real patriotism &amp; draw up articles of impeachment 2.Invoke 25th amendment. Can't be lead by insanity.
RT @kylegriffin1: CIA officer resigns over Trump.		"I cannot in good faith serve this administration as an intelligence professional." http…
Someday, hopefully soon, Trump supporters will come to realize that he is not their president either. Freedom and justice for ALL.
Priebus denies any contact with Russia. But Russian Mafia-Trump associate Felix Sater helps draft plan to lift sanctions. Collusion?
RT @GeorgeTakei: Sen. McCain, I see we meet again on the common ground. https://t.co/7pBFbJqlmN
DT tells another monstrous lie. Misquotes Thomas Jefferson in attempt to discredit press. Majority under siege. GOP patriots fight back!!
Intelligence community is sworn to protect US from enemies foreign &amp; domestic. If they determine DT is Putin puppet, he will be taken down.
Is it just me or is there soupçon of irony to someone who continually lies calling MSM fake? Liars gonna lie. Stay vigilant.
RT @billmaher: Republicans say ‘I’m not just gonna stand here and let you run down America,’ well ur standing there now and letting Trump r…
RT @dabeard: The first month of #Trump family trips &amp; NYC security will cost more than $15m, roughly 1/6 that of 8 years of Obama https://t…
Trump says: "Believe me" Translation: "I'm lying my ass off"
RT @OfficialCBC: Hi, @realDonaldTrump. We’re the CBC. We sent you a letter on January 19, but you never wrote us back. Sad! Letter: https:/…
RT @thehill: Fox News anchor Shep Smith defends CNN reporter who asked about Russia https://t.co/hAjcHYVMXK https://t.co/oos1iKrGae
He's out of his fucking mind!!
RT @SethAbramson: Retweet if you want networks to stop booking Kellyanne Conway, the first U.S. presidential counselor to openly advocate l…
It's only a matter of time. The incompetent lying narcissistic fool is going down. Intelligence community will not let DT destroy democracy
RT @KattyKayBBC: To be clear to viewers around the world, in the last 3 press conferences, Trump has ONLY called on conservative news outle…
RT @Evan_McMullin: By oath, intelligence officials' first duty is to "defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, for…
RT @MalcolmNance: 2. We are one step away fm Trump in direct collusion w/ Putin. Election legitimacy now in full question. A Constitutional…
If there is no independent bipartisan commission to investigate possible DT/Putin connection, say goodbye to world's oldest democracy.
When intel community is reluctant to share info with WH for fear it'll be shared with Putin, it's time to ax the sick liar. #Impeach
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Here's what's bothering me:	Flynn's lie about Russia didn't bring him down. Exposure of lie did. WH knew weeks ago &amp; did…
RT @BillKristol: The question is whether this is a Flynn problem--or a Trump problem.
RT @BillKristol: Misleading Pence could have been dealt with by an apology. Flynn's firing means the underlying problem--the Russia ties--i…
The greatest gift US could get this Valentine's Day is for Congress to do its job and impeach our treasonous president. #Impeach
Flynn is just the tip of the iceberg. Follow him,Carter Page,Manafort,Roger Stone. They all lead to Putin who leads to DT. #Impeachment
RT @SocialPowerOne1: Report: Acting AG Sally Yates Warned Trump Administration About Flynn https://t.co/UnC8VrRMKt
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW VIDEO: I call for the arrest of Gen. Flynn for Logan Act violations; naming Trump as unindicted co-conspirator http…
RT @KenTremendous: The GOP yelled about email security for years. There are currently waiters at Mar-a-Lago who know more about N. Korea th…
RT @BWJones: What in the hell is going on with this administration?		The man who carries "the football" was just outed, posing for selfies…
RT @thehill: Trump conducts national security meeting in public during Mar-a-Lago dinner https://t.co/o0IDncLFLw https://t.co/J3oHA0tNU8
After eviscerating HRC over classified info, DT discusses N.Korean nuke test over dinner. Beyond double standard-moronic ineptitude #Impeach
Watching The Grammys. Gotta love resist President Agent Orange.
RT @MalcolmNance: We. Are. In. Trouble. https://t.co/JGUW9VcEmU
RT @JoyAnnReid: Loved talking to the brilliant @robreiner in person on today's #AMJoy! https://t.co/U7FF0u68Fs
RT @MaxineWaters: It doesn't end w/ Flynn. Do not forget Paul Manafort's ties to Russia. This is why I'm demanding that Congress #investiga…
RT @theharryshearer: Was Flynn free-lancing in Russ pre-inaug talk abt sanctions, or will he say he was instructd by @realDonaldTrump ?  Un…
RT @amjoyshow: Great guests coming up on tomorrow's #AMJoy! Don't miss it #reiders. 10 AM ET #SundayMorning on @MSNBC https://t.co/FlpmhomY…
RT @DavidCornDC: Dems need to demand answers/hearings re Flynn. Did he lie to Pence? Did Trump know he was secretly helping Putin cope w/ h…
Critical that electeds &amp; MSM look beyond Flynn. A fish stinks from the head. What did that Fish Head know and when did he know it?
The beginning of the end. Flynn talking to Russians about sanctions and contact during the campaign. Check please. Treason. DT going down.
RT @nxthompson: The WaPo has nine sources here that Flynn either lied or had Pence lie for him. https://t.co/zK8hnlA1GI
RT @davidfrum: BTW, when does Senate convene that promised investigation into Trump campaign’s Russia connections? Kind of overdue, no?
RT @lrozen: WP too: The talks were part of a series of contacts btw Flynn &amp; Kislyak that began before Nov. 8 election &amp;continued during tra…
Menu for Impeachment: 1.Uses WH as ATM 2.Colludes with US enemy 3.Is an incompetent lying narcissistic sick fuck. 4.All of the above
RT @michelereiner: You're DONE today @MeghanMcCain? Where were u when he said he preferred war heros that weren't captured? Wouldn't have t…
DT buries us in a mountain of stupidity and lies. MSM runs around trying to cover it all. Keep your eye on the prize. It's all about Russia.
RT @DavidCornDC: Why has the Russia-Trump story gone dark? Why is the DC press corps not going wild about this? https://t.co/ndJQESbXKd
Drop the mic on EASY D! #Impeach
RT @SenWarren: I will not be silent about a nominee for AG who has made derogatory &amp; racist comments that have no place in our justice syst…
McConnell shuts down Warren on Senate floor in opposition to Sessions. We're watching the Autocracy forming in front of our eyes.
RT @judemgreen: He Skipped+Ignored Intel Briefings Repeatedly For 6 Months✅	Then Quickly decides at Dinner.He Botched Raid Bigtime. https:/…
RT @michelereiner: A Must Read. Where are our leaders?? https://t.co/YAHLyfwrvl
RT @Storm_Rising: Fmr. FBI Agent: We Must Get to the Truth on Russia &amp; Trump https://t.co/kZ6CTrumYN @Martina @JenGranholm @KeithOlbermann…
Case closed! I know he's a pathological liar, but when you start lying to our troops-25th Amendment NOW. Responsible leaders STAND UP
RT @KeithOlbermann: Pardon me, @GOP leaders. This guy is out of his fucking mind. He needs to be removed from office. He is a danger to YOU…
RT @JoyAnnReid: Powerful ad. https://t.co/h2PHHn82z2
DT says he calls his own shots including not reading exec. orders he signs. Didn't know he put Bannon on security council. POTUS=MORON
RT @attn: Members of the UK Parliament just condemned President Trump. https://t.co/5sIgVd3UM8
RT @BillKristol: Honest Q: Has any American president ever said anything more appalling than Trump's "killer" comment?
How many times do Republicans have have go in front of the public and disavow some insane crap uttered by DT before 25th amendment invoked?
Can't wait til impeachment for colluding with Russians. Need to invoke 25th amendment. This guy is bat shit crazy!
RT @brianstelter: Who are the "many people" who have said Trump is right about millions of illegal votes? https://t.co/1otak03OQZ
Just watched clips of DT's interview with O'Reilly. Astounding! He continues to be a lying asshole and continues to praise Putin. #Impeach
RT @jonfavs: Focus on this, every day. We win the House, we can hold Trump accountable. https://t.co/8TamdaAiTP
Sen. Ron Wyden has made it clear that there is info of a deeper DT/Russian connection. FBI is sitting on it. We need to know. Treason?
RT @NYMag: New polls show broad opposition to Trump’s immigration orders, and 40 percent support for his impeachment https://t.co/fOnN95MkKa
Is it me or does it get more insane than making it ok for mentally ill people to have guns? That's the exec order mentally ill POTUS signed.
Resistance continues to work. Fed. Judge puts halt on Muslim ban. Don't stop until Confederacy of Liars is driven from office!!
RT @DavidCornDC: This is crazy. The FSB, according to our own intelligence community, plotted to subvert the 2016 election. Now it is rewar…
RT @JoyAnnReid: So Kushner &amp; Bannon participated as Trump made the call to launch the disastrous Yemen strike that killed a Navy SEAL and a…
RT @JoyAnnReid: One day, every Republican will have to face the utter shame of their silence in the face of Trump's outrages against decenc…
RT @CharlesMBlow: Wait, WHAT?! https://t.co/hDrZEXlqIl
Calling on McCain,Graham &amp; patriotic republicans. Easing sanctions on Russia,banning Muslims,alienating allies-puts US at risk. STAND UP!!!
With DT doing one ridiculous thing after another, we can't lose sight of Russia invading US &amp; DT connection to Putin. #ImpeachTrump
Hangs up on Aussie Prime Min.,threatens to invade Mex.,discovers the importance of Fredrick Douglass. I'm starting to have confidence in him
RT @ByCommonConsent: He institutes a Muslim ban.	He takes Jews out of the Holocaust.	He mocks the memory of Frederick Douglass.	It's white…
RT @chapmanchapman: The est. security cost for Melania living 200mi away from Trump is double the annual budget for the National Endowment…
RT @matthewamiller: A president who fires an AG over this will think he can fire an AG over, say, a probe into whether his campaign coordin…
With the shit show going on inside the mentally ill liar's WH, thank God we're not facing an external crisis. But Pres. Bannon will save us.
RT @Mikel_Jollett: White nationalist who murdered 6 at Quebec mosque has killed more than all refugees from all ban countries combined. htt…
RT @mmurraypolitics: It's not every day when a prominent conservative columnist says Republicans are selling their souls to the devil https…
RT @RonHogan: The Nazis murdered Sen. Schumer's great-grandmother, and most of her children.		Trump's father was arrested at a Ku Klux Klan…
RT @VanJones68: **THE** MOST IMPORTANT ESSAY IN THE WORLD. Read it. Share it. Now. (PLEASE??) https://t.co/XvJcZA43f3
Calling on all patriotic Republicans to demand that Muslim ban be rescinded. Gen. Mattis,Sen. McCain, you know this makes us less safe-SPEAK
At LAX. This is what democracy looks like. This will continue until fascist POTUS leaves WH. #Impeachment https://t.co/O7oTVNHA7u
RT @ronfein: Smart @emilyjanefox piece from December on the evidence to #impeachtrump. https://t.co/lavFb3TA0J https://t.co/X0H6NnmvO0
Donald Trump put his hand on a bible &amp; swore to uphold the constitution. This is very simple. He hasn't. Congress do your job. #Impeachment
RT @TheGayHumanist: People keep saying the resistance needs a banner to unite under. We already have one. This is our banner. The POTUS is…
Resistance works. We will not allow a sick childish fool to destroy the world's oldest democracy. We will stay vigilant &amp; keep fighting!
RT @evepeyser: Mass celebration breaking out at JFK https://t.co/M64PpJPf1c
RT @MaketheRoadNY: Breaking:7:30 judge ruling on emergency stay. Why? Because WE ALL turned out! Call for ppl to go to Cadman plaza court h…
RT @jk_rowling: When I worked for Amnesty International in the 80s, these were the kind of stories told by political prisoners in dictators…
RT @LAKauffman: "Let them in!" Current scene at #JFKTerminal4 	#NoBanNoWall #RefugeesWelcome #ResistTrump https://t.co/ukcLhkWI9s
Donald Trump has no fucking clue. His desperate need for self aggrandizement is destroying US. Nothing will fill his black heart. #MuslimBan
RT @MMFlint: Everybody in NYC area-- head to JFK Terminal 4 NOW! Big anti-Trump protest forming out of nowhere! Ppl mobilizing against Trum…
RT @jonfavs: "Speaker Ryan and my Republican colleagues, you are responsible for what Trump is doing to our country. I hope you are proud o…
RT @JuddLegum: Hours after Trump signs Muslim ban, Texas mosque goes up in flames https://t.co/eeO0Tr6A0F
RT @nytimes: Refugees Detained at U.S. Airports, Prompting Legal Challenges to Trump’s Immigration Order https://t.co/LSuhRLuOyb
RT @MalcolmNance: If FSB killing/snatching Steele memo sources then Moscow-Trump spy links are real. If sanctions unilat lifted then memo i…
Along with liar,racist,misogynist,fool,infantile,sick,narcissist-with the Muslim ban we can now add heartless &amp; evil to DT's repertoire.
RT @MalalaFund: Read Malala Yousafzai's statement on President Trump's executive order on refugees: https://t.co/KLx5zGU78r https://t.co/hp…
RT @FridaGhitis: Ex-KGB agent believed to have helped gather Trump dossier was found dead in his car.  Think about that. https://t.co/oPKcH…
RT @CharlesMBlow: Hmmm. The plot thickens... https://t.co/iPLVXdAfxV
RT @JuddApatow: Everyone should retweet this.  It's important. https://t.co/8W9QHWUFoY
RT @michelereiner: Where the hell is Jared Kushner, Jew? https://t.co/VuodTGfyko
RT @thehill: Rob Reiner: Trump "out of his f---ing mind" https://t.co/jJxIR30UOM https://t.co/nL4GqW53Z2
RT @washingtonpost: The leaks coming out of the Trump White House cast the president as a clueless child https://t.co/3rdstx90ct
RT @ElizabethDrewOH: Trump's first network interview as POTUS drew 7.5 m viewers while Obama's drew 17m, but that was because of all those…
RT @JuddLegum: Just wanted to say good morning to our president, @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/kE4BWtw36W
RT @michelereiner: This is the sign of true mental illness. #removetrump https://t.co/AuNqtyE5K2
RT @ACLU: No, Stephen Bannon, the media should not “keep its mouth shut” and if the Trump administration tries, we’ll see them in court. ht…
RT @VicenteFoxQue: @realDonaldTrump's ego monument real cost is around 25 billion USD. I ask you, America, what would you prefer instead of…
Just watched all of David Muir's interview with our president. There's no other way to say this, he's out of his fucking mind. God help us.
RT @JuddLegum: 1. Please stop watch this clip. It's terrifying but important. https://t.co/YTILeMLks0
RT @washingtonpost: Senate’s investigation into alleged Russian hacking begins without end in sight https://t.co/NrV5jRXyVO
Yet another example of a seriously sick POTUS: Using our money to study voter fraud with absolutely no evidence. DT has real illness.
RT @BeauWillimon: Today: This tweet is unavailable	Soon: The press office is unavailable 	Then: The facts are unavailable	Finally: Your rig…
Jake Tapper gets it right. When Donald Trump tells an outright lie, which is continually, he must be held accountable. #MSMstaystrong
RT @yashar: WATCH: The only thing you need to watch about POTUS' voter fraud claims is this intro by @jaketapper -- please share far and wi…
Stops Nat'l parks from informing on climate change,lies about the election. DT is a sick childish embarrassment destroying our democracy.
RT @CharlesMBlow: Just flat out LYING!!! https://t.co/te4SZIA8M1
RT @MalcolmNance: This just gets better &amp; better. Sometimes I scare myself w/my predictions. We are entering Benedict Arnold territory now.…
RT @thehill: JUST IN: Top ethics experts filing first major lawsuit against Trump https://t.co/A8eKplqpBe https://t.co/v6PK1jc8FS
RT @skaufman4050: Best. Sign. Ever. #WomensMarch #womensmarchnyc #sobadevenintrovertsarehere https://t.co/TmJydvooqu
RT @jeremynewberger: .@RealDonaldTrump just set the world record for the guy rejected by more women in a single day in the history of human…
RT @ReliableSources: Video: @BrianStelter's questions about Trump, trust and truth. "Will he make up his own false facts and fake stats?" h…
Just watched raw feed of DT's speech at CIA. Disgraceful. Applause and laughs came from DT staff. He's a moronic lying piece of crap.
RT @maggieNYT: This is not a campaign or an RNC spokesman anymore. Taxpayer-funded briefing room in which several falsehoods told.
RT @thehill: L.A. #WomensMarch draws 750K protesters	https://t.co/9kAxwPWQrB https://t.co/deSuODSvB3
RT @chrisgeidner: In front of a memorial to CIA employees who died in the line of service, Trump talked about being on the cover of Time ma…
So proud to be marching in LA with Michele and the majority of women throughout the country who are standing up to the misogyny of DT!
RT @EricBoehlert: it took NYT editors 2 yrs before they acknowledged massive pre-Iraq War failures. how long will it take to admit Russian…
RT @EricBoehlert: two infamous NYT headlines. both demonstrably false. both helped GOP https://t.co/GLwnlZZxhL
RT @EricBoehlert: prior to election, NYT knew abt Trump dossier, met w/ its author, knew he was legit and saw no "red flags." 		editor's de…
RT @MMFlint: Check this out! The stands for Trump supporters along the parade route look like a scene from the post nuclear apocalypse. htt…
RT @thehill: Bush speechwriter: Trump is "the worst human being ever to enter the presidency" https://t.co/7T0FSGvZqm https://t.co/hN8gxOA9…
RT @azsweetheart013: So the #smallhands debate ends today Donny boy https://t.co/XEoqsy5FFw
As upsetting as it is to have a sick lying treasonous racist as POTUS, don't forget we got 3mil more votes. The fight for justice continues
RT @JuddLegum: Pretty sweet that every person who attended got their own personal port-a-potty https://t.co/n6Yd546n92
RT @neeratanden: up there with Judith Miller "reporting" leading up to the Iraq War https://t.co/UKbE5cDGQl
RT @carlreiner: It pained me to see our nation's most qualified candidate H,Clinton watch the least qualiiified candidate D,Trump, become o…
RT @GeorgeTakei: The White House removed its climate change web page. And the healthcare, civil rights and LGBT sections. Just thought you…
RT @paulkrugman: Takeover by a popular vote loser who squeaked through thanks to foreign intervention and blatant malpractice by the FBI. T…
RT @KeithOlbermann: I've known him since 1984. You're entirely correct. https://t.co/VMtx50BMkX
Upon Donald Trump's swearing in tomorrow he will be violating the constitution and most assuredly committing treason. God help us.
RT @thehill: FBI investigating possibility that Russia secretly used money to help Trump win: report https://t.co/L0by6ywWGA https://t.co/n…
RT @DavidCornDC: Investigators probing ties between Trump camp &amp; Russia should look at mysterious businessman who worked w/ Trump: https://…
RT @michelereiner: .@POTUS: PLEASE APPOINT A #SPECIALPROSECUTOR. LAST THING YOU DO. PRESERVE OUR DEMOCRACY. #Trumptreason https://t.co/s8Rg…
We're about to inaugurate a POTUS who almost certainly has committed treason. For the preservation of our democracy #SpecialProsecutor
RT @Laurie_David: It took 6 decades for the world to collectively act on #climatechange! We can't go backwards! NO On #Tillerson NO on #Pru…
RT @Rosie: The Domestic Conspiracy That Gave Trump the Election Has Been Revealed https://t.co/WJVDEh7sHQ via @HuffPostBlog
RT @tribelaw: Yes, it would be #Treason, @robreiner. It's too late to mince words on this. Under 72 hrs to appoint independent prosecutor t…
RT @GeorgeTakei: Not sure who the artist is, but yes. This. https://t.co/6yUavMHEtQ
John Lewis didn't call DT illegitimate in the abstract. He said it because of Russia's intervention and growing evidence of treason. #MSMdig
RT @paulkrugman: With All Due Disrespect, via @nytimes https://t.co/s2vM9kT2Bh
RT @megh_wright: My dad starts chemo Monday. Here's just ONE prescription he needs. It's really very simple: without Obamacare, within 8 mo…
RT @MalcolmNance: Calling it: Trump Spy scandal CoverUp starts now. @kellyannepolls hints poss collusion w/Russian Intelligence not our bus…
RT @donnabrazile: Top Senate Dem says Russian hacks, propaganda altered election outcome https://t.co/o93IhqqUzd via @nbcnews
Pres.Obama:With greatest respect,if you have info re:DT/Treason,we must know. As John Lewis said:"Find a way to get in the way" #Legacy
DT attacks gold star family,the disabled,intelligence community,press,war hero John McCain,civ.rights hero John Lewis. DT is not a POTUS
RT @chrislhayes: This story is the ultimate "whoa if true" https://t.co/BjL9Wf6y8o
John Lewis is a civil rights icon. John Lewis is a hero. And he gives us a moral compass when he says Donald Trump is not a legitimate POTUS
RT @thehill: Ex-Clinton spokesman: Doubts over legitimacy of Trump's win grow every day https://t.co/UzimY6hhnk https://t.co/4bWMYllL3z
RT @DavidCornDC: My Interview with the Spy Who Wrote the Trump-Russia Memos: It Was "Hair-Raising" Stuff | Mother Jones https://t.co/IiNRW4…
Can't have a PEOTUS entering WH under suspicion of treason. Critical we have bi-partisan select com. and special prosecutor to investigate!
RT @MalcolmNance: #BREAKING Do we have an Espionage problem in Trump campaign team? Did Trump &amp; Flynn cut a deal w/Russia on its spies behi…
RT @KatrinaNation: Matt Taibbi: The Russia Story Reaches a Crisis Point https://t.co/zruhnTa5up via @RollingStone
RT @KenRoth: Trump seems to criticize everyone but Putin. Burden on him to show he's not Putin's puppet. Allow independent probe. https://t…
Appears to be collusion between DT &amp; Putin during the campaign. We need to know if PEOTUS committed treason. #DemandSpecialProsecutor
RT @PaulaChertok: BREAKING: Clapper confirms Trump was briefed on Russia intel dossier w/ controversial claims last Fri. So Conway, Trump l…
RT @ericgeller: BBC story on Trump kompromat expands the narrative of the FISA court order. A joint USG task force! https://t.co/wDUD6A9oEh…
RT @DavidCornDC: Trump didn't answer the question whether he or his aides had any contact with Russians during the campaign. He sure ducked…
The only question that matters is was there collusion between Trump campaign and Russia. DT has never answered that. #Treason
I've seen a film that moved me beyond words. It's called Gleason. I saw it knowing nothing about it. I cried. It is profound. #gleasonmovie
MSM-UTTER FAILURE! Ask one pointed Q then pin him down on answer. 3 part Q's allow him to obfuscate. Didn't answer DT/Putin collision issue!
As much fun as it is thinking of Trump and a pee fest, the more important story is DT/Putin collusion. One is just ugly, the other-treason.
RT @jaketapper: Our report just now: 		https://t.co/S8UDLSCU0Z
RT @jdelreal: CNN appears to have buried the lede a bit 	https://t.co/4TcKusvs5J https://t.co/GOlEEKctJY
RT @molly_knight: Every investigative reporter in America right now should be working to prove link between Trump and Putin. It's the only…
RT @mviser: Full CNN story here on Russian spies claiming to have information that compromises President-elect Donald Trump. https://t.co/A…
We must demand to know the ties between Trump and Putin before Jan.20. FBI is sitting on info. We need to know if PEOTUS is a traitor!!!
Meryl Streep was eloquent tonight. We must never stop saying what needs to said. We must never normalize an unstable lying infantile POTUS.
RT @ditzkoff: The portion of that Meryl Streep speech that stunned and silenced the Golden Globes. https://t.co/QIcQfTqDqB
RT @JuddApatow: We will need a lot of people as clear and brave as Meryl Streep if we are to fight the corruption, bad ideas and lies of Do…
RT @HeerJeet: Hannity re-tweets: Make Russia Great Again. What is even happening? https://t.co/9BeAiTxmBM
RT @SophieInCT: No, you're in the business of packing as many lies as you can into whatever minutes they give. Keep your lying face off my…
DT has been consistent in his praise for Putin. He aligns himself with a dictator. 12 days until new POTUS. Need to know-treason? MSM-DIG!!!
RT @maggieNYT: Given unreleased hacked material in this case, worth wondering how much material is being saved for down the road  https://t…
RT @amjoyshow: .@EVAN_MCMULLIN: Does #DonaldTrump act in the interest of a foreign power over U.S.? The clear answer is yes #AMJoy https://…
RT @JoyAnnReid: I agree w/ @CNN's David Rohde: the next step for journalists is to search for proof of a back channel between the Trump cam…
RT @billyeichner: Everyone must watch this. What the HELL is going on??? This is not acceptable!!! https://t.co/57EwiM6os4
RT @rolandsmartin: Y'all better listen to @MalcolmNance. He is the truth! https://t.co/lsOWEnmTnY
RT @McFaul: When Watergate was being investigated, did people argue "well, break in didn't effect the outcome, so no big deal?"
RT @JoyAnnReid: To repeat: https://t.co/RtrhAxu6iZ
We'll, DT didn't fully accept intel community briefing on Russian hack. We can now safely say the ties to Putin run deep. MSM keep digging.
If DT rejects intelligence on Russian hacking, only two conclusions:1. Fear that he's not thought to be legit, or 2.He's in bed with Putin
With avalanche of DT lies &amp; MSM at a loss, real danger of democracy falling down the rabbit hole. US will win if majority stays vigilant.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Promise kept: @realDonaldTrump finally revealed what he knows about Russian hacking that others don't. 		Not a thing.
RT @ddale8: 1) Trump illegally uses charity money to donate to Bondi 2) Bondi declines to go after Trump U 3) Trump hires Bondi https://t.c…
Why would DT have such distrust of US intelligence on Russian hacking? Might he not like what it shows? That he is complicit? #Treason?
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW VIDEO: Trump once called for the death penalty for Assange. Now he believes him, not US Intel, on Russian hacks htt…
RT @thehill: GOP lawmaker's Twitter poll on ObamaCare repeal doesn't go as planned	https://t.co/szaJmlBbau https://t.co/zLzNmVIFAo
RT @thehill: WATCH: Celebrities demand Congress to "Stand Up" to Trump https://t.co/aAwQBV8NZI https://t.co/OKcPOsC2Fq
RT @CornellWBrooks: The @NAACP &amp; @AlabamaNAACP are occupying the Mobile office of @jeffsessions--untill he withdraws as a AG nominee or we'…
RT @JoyAnnReid: Dear @nytimes @washingtonpost @AP @CNN @nprpolitics etc etc etc ... please change your headlines and stop falsely crediting…
First small victory on GOP ethics reversal. Shows what can happen when the people speak out. Stay vigilant. So much more to come.
RT @SueinRockville: You cannot be silent! 	We are 75 Million  Strong &amp; growing!	#TheResistance https://t.co/X8GcBexl2b
RT @AudraEqualityMc: It's happening fast folks. Soon the constitution won't be worth the parchment on which it's written. https://t.co/iV7Y…
No press access,no ethics committee. Most powerful country on earth being governed by tweets of a mentally unstable liar. Goodbye Democracy
RT @NormOrnstein: In shameful act, @BobGoodlatte6 moves to gut House Office of Congressional Ethics. House Republicans say goodbye to ethic…
RT @sacca: I believe Trump does know something about the Russian hacking that our intelligence services don't. 		He knows what his team's r…
RT @JoyAnnReid: The Journal's plan to put lies and corrective facts on equal footing, and "let the reader decide" which is true is literal…
RT @michelereiner: Is this the hard hitting journalism we can expect from MSM in the coming treacherous years? https://t.co/qJt0F7y0Sd
RT @MMFlint: Look at these strong, smiling, popular men! How the media covered the rise of Hitler &amp; Mussolini https://t.co/4VDHXkVvYd via @…
RT @paulkrugman: America Becomes a Stan https://t.co/1AHaSJNILO
RT @JoyAnnReid: Here's my first column of the new year; on why artists' resistance to Trump matters. https://t.co/syAJwYjvtw
RT @Khanoisseur: Key takeaway from the thread: Hillary was standing between Putin and $1.2 trillion.		She had to go. @MarlaMHughes https://…
I applaud The Wash. Post for raising questions of DT's $ ties to Russia. If treason exists, we need to know. Media and electeds-stay focused
RT @kurteichenwald: Yesterday, Trump sent a love-tweet to one of the most dangerous enemies facing NATO. Today, he declared more than half…
RT @kurteichenwald: Why would any analyst, officer or source keep working w/ American intel knowing president wont sit 4 daily briefings an…
RT @colinjones: This feels like it happened a lifetime ago https://t.co/7gKdjaGHHz
3 interpretations of DT saying Putin is smart:1 DT is a monumentally stupid useful idiot.2 Putin has blackmail on DT. 3.Both. We're fucked!
RT @JonathanLanday: Kelly Ann Conway tells CNN that Russian military intelligence doesn't keep assets in the US. She doesn't know what she'…
RT @JuddApatow: Is Donald Trump Mentally Ill?  This is worth reading. https://t.co/0X2ae57wG6?
RT @kairyssdal: This. Is. Not. True. https://t.co/pwpmQ0ImcG
After brilliant Carrie now her talented mom. Enough already with 2016.
RT @peterdaou: Gallup: Americans named Hillary Clinton the Most Admired Woman for the 15th consecutive year. And THIS is how she was treate…
RT @KeithOlbermann: Which confirms to me what we suspected: @realDonaldTrump is a compulsive liar who would take credit for the sunrise #Th…
RT @michelereiner: Remember the time the NYT apologized to its readers because they  lied to them about the Iraq War? I repeat MSM: do your…
RT @romyreiner: @michelereiner thanks for taking a picture i actually like and approve of ! 19 today https://t.co/QXUS2cTITW
RT @kurteichenwald: Russia has collected a file of information they consider compromising about Trump, including videos. https://t.co/JSN8L…
Carrie Fisher had a brilliant mind. I will miss her insight her wit and her beautiful voice.
Will never accept that an ignorant selfish 4 yr old is our president. We must continue to fight our way out of the darkness into the light.
RT @DannyZuker: You're the most hated Pres Elect in history replacing one of the most beloved. The world is terrified. Now say something st…
RT @ThePlumLineGS: This exchange between @KellyannePolls and @maddow on Trump and nukes is amazing -- and deeply disconcerting: https://t.c…
RT @carlreiner: Dittio ditto ditto to daugter-in-law Michele Reiner's suggestion to our boorish buffoon. https://t.co/ApmwJHEqqD
RT @davidfrum: Hard to process that the next president is both a conscienceless threat to the republic and also  a heartbreakingly weak &amp; s…
RT @baseball_ref: 99 days until Opening Day. #keepthefaith
RT @jonfavs: A fitting end to 2016/the world: we learn of Donald Trump's nuclear arms race from a couple of cable talk show hosts in their…
Latest tweet from DT about expanding nuclear capability is frightening. PEOTUS is an unstable moronic child. And that's being kind.
RT @DannyZuker: 30 years of nuclear deescalation about to be wiped out by this moronic pig boy but at least he doesn't have a private serve…
RT @michelereiner: Why is Comey not being investigated? And Giuliani? WTF is going on here? https://t.co/Ol64sSIx9h
Russia hacks our election to help DT. FBI violates Hatch Act and colludes with Trump. He is an illegitimate POTUS. #Jan20ImpeachmentDay
RT @JoyAnnReid: This is horrifyingly honest, and @DavidCornDC is right to call it reminiscent of something you might've heard in Apartheid-…
RT @EJDionne: The FBI had nothing to justify its election-changing intervention against #Clinton. Zero. Zilch. It was all politics	https://…
RT @kylegriffin1: .@MoveOn Exec Dir. Anna Galland: "We need to stay shocked and stay in motion to fight back" against Trump. https://t.co/N…
RT @FullFrontalSamB: Peace on Earth, good will toward @GlennBeck. #SamanthaBee https://t.co/whDR0I8Ysw
RT @JakeKPRC2: Spot on. https://t.co/H9U2PIzBfS
RT @danpfeiffer: Boy, imagine how mad they would be if a celebrity spouted a ridiculous conspiracy that Trump wasn't born in America https:…
RT @KeithOlbermann: After Electoral College fail it's up to us. Refuse to call him POTUS, refuse to forget Russia, refuse to "move on"https…
RT @JakeKPRC2: .@HCPrecinct4 deputy was bringing prisoner to jail when he escaped around 10:30 last night! Details in video. @KPRC2 https:/…
RT @GeorgeTakei: Remember when Jimmy Carter sold his peanut farm to avoid the appearance of conflict of interest, and the GOP investigated…
RT @amjoyshow: .@RobReiner: Hostile foreign power has invaded U.S. https://t.co/Lbs4wlj1J6 via @amjoyshow
RT @michelereiner: This is a sign of things to come. Be aware and very afraid. #TrumpLies https://t.co/8rY3Q1oGlC
RT @JoyAnnReid: Indeed. And we don't know what they have on Trump himself, given that per @MalcolmNance those contacts/surveillance (debts?…
RT @MarlowNYC: .@RobReiner on Russian hacking: "We have a hostile foreign power that has invaded our country." https://t.co/1pJUBAKvhn
RT @Evan_McMullin: Russian subversion of our democracy is no laughing matter, sir. Neither is sacrificing country and principle for party a…
RT @DanRather: Deeply troubling questions for those in the "news" business. 		https://t.co/UTKHEEutJy
RT @Evan_McMullin: I am going to do my best, @summerbrennan. I will need the support of many. https://t.co/9XgINYcv5n
This is no longer a Dem/Rep issue. The sovereignty of our nation is at stake. Imperative that we have a full non partisan investigation.
After speaking with many govt. sources who indicate direct connection between DT &amp; Putin, investigation must happen before DT's installed.
RT @danpfeiffer: We need an independent, public investigation of the Trump-Russia scandal. Now. https://t.co/pPAfveGhLq
RT @NBCFirstRead: How Donald Trump pushed the 'treasure trove' of hacked emails https://t.co/enaRmQ6gqC
If it is shown that @DonaldTrump and Vladimir Putin colluded to influence our election, can we all agree that he can't be our president?
RT @joanwalsh: Yes, another House Dem showing more spine and leadership than most Senate Dems, to date. As I was saying... https://t.co/50I…
RT @EJDionne: Helping the Electoral College on its #Trump Dilemma. My column-Brief them on Russia's election role before they vote	https://…
We can't let Putin &amp; DT hijack our democracy. If there was collusion, citizens &amp; electors need to know. Intel must be declassified. #Truth
RT @SamSeder: I think delaying the electoral college vote so Trump has time to clear his name is the right thing to do.
RT @politico: .@Evan_McMullin: "As a former intelligence officer, it’s hard to overstate how alarming this is" https://t.co/uWcsZtdpdt http…
RT @thehill: McMullin: "I know for a fact" GOP knew about Russian election meddling and ignored it	https://t.co/SO1rL8IDtK https://t.co/rH1…
RT @Evan_McMullin: U.S. intelligence agencies should brief the Electoral College on Russia's efforts to influence our election before it vo…
RT @CBSNews: NEW: US intelligence sources confirm hacks could not have occurred without Putin’s blessing, @jeffpeguescbs reports https://t.…
RT @McFaul: After todays news on Putin, doubling down on need for 9-11 like commission to get the facts. Read more here:  https://t.co/b0H9…
RT @JuddLegum: Just a reminder: Trump's last press conference was 140 days ago.		During that press conference he encouraged Russia to hack…
RT @thehill: White House suggests Trump knew Russia was behind hacks before election day	https://t.co/s2DaPaEQNF https://t.co/fqBRxbPGuQ
RT @Karoli: Frankly, Obama should exercise his power to force Congress back into session. https://t.co/t5Ki5PIRUP
RT @CNNSitRoom: Sen. Lindsey Graham on Trump's comments about hacking: "If this was a 400 lb. guy, it was a 400 lb. Russian guy" https://t.…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Russian hacking during the US presidential election is not a Republican or Democrat issue. It's an American issue. 		W…
RT @Laurie_David: TREASON. Russian election hacking not worth a special investigation, top Republicans say https://t.co/WIZu1VKLV6
RT @DavidCornDC: Don't you think it might matter if Russia intelligence gained access to Trump's private information &amp; secrets? https://t.c…
Intel experts say almost certain Russia has potential blackmail audio/video on DT. If we think pussy-grabbing was bad, we can only imagine
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW VIDEO: How many Americans died the last time a POTUS ignored Daily Intelligence? "None Dare Call It Treason":  http…
RT @Eugene_Robinson: Pay attention to this, not the Kanye drop-by. https://t.co/SMdl4CGVhm
RT @kurteichenwald: A Philippine government official is currently paying millions of dollars 2 Trump family in violation of Constitution ht…
RT @kurteichenwald: Trump praises biz partner 2 Turkish prez. Turkey arrests guy at partner 2 pressure Trump 2 extradite some1 when prez ht…
RT @kurteichenwald: Trump says company will stop building and kids will run it. Foreign govs dont care: setting up bribes and blackmail. ht…
RT @kurteichenwald: Trump gave Philippine prez green light on drug campaign that is killing 1000s. Govnt official pays Trump millions. http…
RT @kurteichenwald: Trump tells Argentine prez about permits problem 4 Buenos Aires building. Problem solved. Millions $ on way 2 kids. htt…
RT @kurteichenwald: Foreign govs not stupid. Are already assembling policies and $ to pressure/influence Trump through his kid's biz. https…
RT @kurteichenwald: Trump knew this story coming today. Canceled conflicts announce, sent tweets on biz, invited Kanye. Media falls 4 it ht…
RT @kurteichenwald: Trump already on path to extradite a man Turkish president wants and who is using blackmail on Trump biznes to get. htt…
RT @pattonoswalt: Hillary's e-mails &amp; Benghazi: FULL-FORCE INQUIRY, NO HOLDS BARRED		Russian election hacking: Let's show restraint, guys...
RT @thehill: White House: Trump knew he was benefiting from Russian election interference	https://t.co/ibk9c7yttO https://t.co/W1iVWqauGk
RT @thedailybeast: President Obama on Russian hacking: "Very clear relationships" between Trump team and Russia https://t.co/T5aD7YzSDM
RT @KeithOlbermann: Shove the euphemisms + @realDonaldTrump denials. It's a coup. It's a war. He's a Russian puppet. It must stop. https://…
RT @Steven_Strauss: Trump: Obama is a Kenyan Muslim	Fox: America needs to hear this 		CIA: Putin tried to rig election for Trump 	Fox: we c…
DT won't disclose taxes,business plans-no press conf. Evidence he colluded with Russia. Check please. DT can't be POTUS. #FollowTheMoney
RT @jeremyscahill: Obama must declassify evidence of Russian hacking https://t.co/mVu7ZgiL2u by me and @tinyrevolution
RT @NormOrnstein: To all journalists who eagerly, delightedly published, aired every stolen email from DNC, Podesta: congrats for being use…
RT @KeithOlbermann: Kremlin now boasting of how it swung our election. Coming up: #TheResistanceGQ No.11, we are at war, Electoral College…
RT @politico: Here’s what America needs to know about Trump and Russia https://t.co/O2aSlkZBMz via @POLITICOMag https://t.co/hxQBJuXRVl
RT @thehill: Former CIA chief calls Russian hacking "the political equivalent of 9/11"	https://t.co/A2jt7yhgVo https://t.co/di46hsvd81
RT @thehill: White House: Trump knew he was benefiting from Russian election interference	https://t.co/2k4gKwMEyE https://t.co/kErM35ibD8
RT @TPM: Harry Reid: Trump campaign was "in on" Wikileaks efforts to damage Clinton https://t.co/RTwTBVBZpv https://t.co/QGctg8h2R2
RT @amjoyshow: .@JoyAnnReid just explained all the people linked to Donald Trump who have documented ties to #Russia and Putin #AMJoy https…
Investigation into Russian hacking must determine whether or not Trump campaign was in collusion. If so, treason. #FollowTheMoney
RT @JuddLegum: UPDATE: GOP members supporting investigation of Russian interference in election		Sen Graham	Sen McCain	Sen Lankford	Sen Cor…
RT @paulkrugman: The Tainted Election https://t.co/hL83OmVZfW
RT @kurteichenwald: Reality: Real patriots in government, including McCain and Obama, are not going to let this Russia thing slide. Trump &amp;…
Possible Deputy Sec. State John Bolton throwing out crap that Obama hacked the Dems. Really? Getting so tired of the fake shit. #stayreal
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Joint statement with Senators McCain, Schumer, and Reed on reports Russia interfered with the 2016 Election. https://t…
RT @frankrichny: By holding back RNC emails, Putin didn't just help install Trump in White House but has means to blackmail GOP to do his b…
RT @WalshFreedom: So wait...the CIA says Russia messed with our election to help Trump win and Trump attacks...the CIA?		Not Russia? He goe…
RT @michelereiner: What's happening to the MSM when Teen Vogue is one of the only hard hitting news outlets to tell the truth about @realDo…
RT @JohnWDean: The intel report on Russia's role in the 2016 election must be available for all electors before the electoral college meets…
RT @Evan_McMullin: What's new is that our leaders have become so self-serving that they're willing to sacrifice our national security for t…
RT @ScottyLiterati: Hillary dropped this exact same info about Russia in front of 66 million viewers in October. But I guess no one listene…
Teapot Dome,Watergate,Iran-Contra are quaint compared to Russian gov. in league with Trump to influence US election. Criminal DT has to go!!
RT @amjoyshow: #teamreid's remembering this classic Harry Reid letter. #AMJoy has more on CIA stating Russia tried to sway election for Tru…
RT @JoyAnnReid: I agree, this was an epic failure of every American institution meant to safeguard our democracy. Media included, tho some…
RT @howiewolf: Emails found on Anthony Weiner's computer? Tell the world. Russians trying to elect Donald Trump? Sweep it under the rug.
RT @Evan_McMullin: Republican leaders knew Russia was undermining our democracy during the election and they chose to ignore it.
RT @crooksandliars: Is it treason yet? https://t.co/zeDRVApctL
Has there ever been a PEOTUS who's committed as many impeachable offenses as DT prior to taking office? Reps grow some balls and bag this MF
RT @Lawrence: There are many reasons for what Trump says &amp; does but the one constant is that he's a profoundly stupid man.
RT @nytimes: Russia hacked Republican National Committee but kept the data, U.S. concludes https://t.co/LXZ1MOubVh
RT @danpfeiffer: To summarize: 	Trump praises Putin	Trump publicly urges Putin to hack opponent	Putin hacks opponent	Trump wins	Trump denie…
RT @JoyAnnReid: At this point, the legitimacy of the incoming administration is up for public debate. That's a tremendously destabilizing t…
RT @jonfavs: And that letter, more than the Russian hack, is what ultimately elected Trump https://t.co/q2pAFH7Vx7
RT @Fahrenthold: Donald Trump says he is not bothered by comparisons to Hitler https://t.co/3Tcb07t95k
Founding fathers considered clause in US Constitution prohibiting producing a reality show while serving as president. #ItsBecomeRidiculous
Ed. Sec. against public ed. HHS sec. opposed to Medicare. Labor sec. against min. wage. EPA head a climate change denier. DT says FU to US.
RT @theharryshearer: Fake news has killed hundreds of thousands. It was launched by the Bush Admin, and carried unquestioningly by "legitim…
RT @FullFrontalSamB: Fake news, real consequences. #SamanthaBee https://t.co/QlUw4sl5SA
Time for MSM to stop calling what DT spews fake news and say what it is: lying bullshit propaganda. Without independent press democracy dies
RT @FullFrontalSamB: When you're president, you can tell whatever lies you want. They just let you do it. #SamanthaBee https://t.co/Ljsgy8J…
The KKK celebrates Trump's victory. Enough said.
RT @danpfeiffer: Worth noting that Trump's national security adviser was one of the people who spread these sorts of falsehoods. That shoul…
RT @jaketapper: Predictable result of people irresponsibly spreading insane falsehoods on social media. What could have happened is terrify…
Suggestion to Gen. Flynn: The word security is in your title. You might want to cut down on the HRC/kid sex fake news stuff. #pizzagate
RT @billmaher: Its been almost a month, will I ever get used to Trump? Fuck no. Its like watching a toddler playing with a gun - you're alw…
It's not enough that DT is a mentally unbalanced lying fraud, now with the Pakistan and Taiwan calls, we can add ignorant fool. #UNFIT
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW: We were told "government-backed attackers," hacking even our emails. Why WOULDN'T they hack our election? https://…
Not 1 Republican shows interest in foreign gov tampering with US election. Afraid they'll find DT colluded with Russia? #AmericaFirst
RT @davidfrum: 6 Democrats, 1 Independent. Why is this a partisan matter? Integrity of US elections concerns all. https://t.co/if9IzzUA4p
RT @mattmfm: If news reports are correct, Carrier is getting a massive tax break while still sending nearly half their Indiana jobs to Mexi…
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW: Resistance response to Trump's video: yes, "nothing is beyond our reach" starting with his removal as POTUS https:…
RT @JYSexton: 213 million views. Planted stories by Russia. The fact that this isn't a major story is an indictment of our news media. http…
RT @JoyAnnReid: Nothing matters. Vulgarity is ok. Self-dealing is ok. Lying is ok. We may soon learn that open graft is ok when the GOP pre…
The sooner MSM understands that our PEOTUS is mentally unstable, the sooner we can have a real discussion about how to remove him.
RT @BenHowe: I can’t believe people are retweeting this. It should be banned from twitter. Please do not RT &amp; favorite and share with every…
Calls reporters pretending to be someone he's not,pathologically lies,exhibits epic narcissism. Our future POTUS is mentally ill. #unhinged
RT @JoyAnnReid: At what point is it our obligation to discuss the basic fitness for office of someone making outlandish statements based on…
Racism,misogyny,fraud,greed,continuous lies,and no interest in anyone but oneself seem to be acceptable for a POTUS. We are better than this
RT @donnabrazile: Read this by Charles Blow. "No, Trump, We Can’t Just Get Along...."  https://t.co/njGZPrymEP
RT @michelereiner: Watch @robreiner at 8:30 AM PT on @JoyAnnReid #AMJOY
DT colludes with Russia to steal an election,is already committing impeachable offenses,and MSM normalizes. WTF?
RT @davidfrum: The election of Donald Trump is the biggest win for Russian espionage since the Rosenbergs stole the A-bomb. https://t.co/3l…
RT @JohnFugelsang: Russia hacked for him. 	The FBI director shilled for him. 	Wikileaks leaked for him.	Came in 2nd.	And he kept telling us…
RT @JuddLegum: NEW: Electoral College must reject Trump unless he sells his business, top lawyers for Bush and Obama say https://t.co/dbZIA…
RT @JoyAnnReid: What country do I live in? How is this family able to blandly meld personal profit, Russia ties and the White House to just…
RT @DebraMessing: I just donated to #Recount2016 and to help ensure election integrity. Join me at https://t.co/WFV1pKNU3q  https://t.co/su…
No wall,no Muslim ban,no water boarding,no Chinese hoax,no lock her up. A sociopath is tough to pin down. But MSM must or our democracy dies
Donald Trump will violate the U.S. Constitution on day one of his presidency. Will the House have the   moral courage to impeach?
RT @slowbeard: If Clinton had won we'd be discussing minimum wage and maternity leave. Instead we get to argue about the preferred nomencla…
DT embraces white supremacy, uses the presidency to enrich himself, shuts out the media. Welcome to a nationalist totalitarian oligarchy.
RT @JFXM: NYC #Trump fan: "You're an Arab. A f*cking loser. A sand nigger. Trump is president, so kiss your visa goodbye." https://t.co/enj…
RT @mmurraypolitics: This is a chilling passage https://t.co/5DjXfuozdK https://t.co/HgQewV8QXQ
Trump U-illegal. Trump Foundation-illegal. Housing discrimination-illegal. Payoff to Florida AG-illegal. And he hasn't taken office yet.
RT @amjoyshow: Meet the Irish lawmaker whose statement against Donald Trump is becoming a viral rallying cry #AMJoy https://t.co/0BVXW8zVzA
RT @amjoyshow: .@KURTEICHENWALD says new DC Trump International Hotel creates platform for legal bribery. RETWEET TO AGREE #AMJoy https://t…
RT @LisaBloom: Here's what a $25 million settlement means: TRUMP COMMITTED MASSIVE, LARGE SCALE FRAUD. No other interpretation. https://t.c…
RT @thedailybeast: Rob Reiner calls out Jared Kushner: "He's turning his back on his religion and his heritage" https://t.co/fG9WcunVlm htt…
RT @kurteichenwald: Japanese offended today. Trump letting his non-gov daughter attend meeting with Japanese PM considered a tremendous bre…
RT @DavidCornDC: Trump to African Americans: "What do you got to lose?" 	Now we know: a Justice Department that cares about civil rights an…
A president-elect pays 25M for defrauding people of their life savings. MSM yawns. But use an email server legally, now that's a story.
Bannon,Flynn,now Sessions. DT making good on white male supremacy. Where's the outcry, Dems? Danger of losing rust belt and avid supporters
RT @KeithOlbermann: Stop. Pretending. Moderation and "common ground" do not work with fascists, madmen - or in this case; fascist madmen ht…
RT @kurteichenwald: The media didnt do its job this election. Treated Trump like a sideshow. That's why real reporters like @Fahrenthold ne…
RT @DavidCornDC: Senior House Democrat Calls for Congressional Probe of Russian Meddling in 2016 Election https://t.co/PHmBa8UfVz
RT @thehill: Trump supporter cites Japanese internment camps as "precedent" for Muslim registry https://t.co/qBUyhnLz8w https://t.co/LN1Dbs…
RT @StephLauren: My rooommate’s sister took her children to the park today. They arrived home to this. 		This is the world we live in now.…
We're about to inaugurate a pathological lying racist anti-Semite misogynist in league with Russia. And MSM is still giving him a free pass.
RT @KeithOlbermann: Welcome to #TheResistanceGQ. How to Resist? Start by recognizing we've already given Trump a chance and he blew it. htt…
RT @SenatorReid: I say to Donald Trump: take responsibility. 		Rise to the dignity of the office instead of hiding behind your Twitter acco…
Visited the African-American History Museum in DC yesterday. It was powerfully moving. Before taking office, DT should be required to go.
RT @rafalhill: .@jonathanalter: The media must never normalize Bannon's bigotry. The press has to stay on this. @Lawrence #StopBannon https…
RT @JGreenblattADL: We at @ADL_National oppose the appt of Steve Bannon to sr role at @WhiteHouse bc he &amp; his alt-right are so hostile to c…
RT @JoyAnnReid: Current @HuffingtonPost headline: https://t.co/nYfd2vszQy
RT @JWGOP: Let's be clear here media. Stop using "Alt Right." It is the racist, anti-semitic, fascist extreme right. Please be clear &amp; stop…
For principled investigative journalism, I support Newsweek, The Washington Post, Reuters. Accountability is more important now than ever.
Vast majority of country voted for what HRC stands for: inclusivity. Not hateful bigotry. Stay vigilant. If DT can't unite, he will be gone
RT @kurteichenwald: To trump fans who have shot, assaulted or harassed ppl in last few days. This isnt The Purge. Laws are still in place.…
RT @ananavarro: Today, I cried for 1st time since election. Not for me. I have a platform &amp; powerful friends. I cried for the voiceless ppl…
RT @PeterHamby: Just a healthy democracy. Now let's go to our panel for some analysis. https://t.co/kWQPecmInf
RT @thomaswright08: Exactly right. Obama should release everything the US knows about Russian interference in the election before he leaves…
DT's campaign of hate speech has spawned disgusting ugly treatment of minorities. This is not America. DT must reject or risk being POTUS
RT @JoyAnnReid: You'd think. https://t.co/Gf52wkBbIJ
RT @WisteriaHome: @maddow @JoyAnnReid @Lawrence  Why is there not more investigation into Russia talking to DT's campaign
RT @allinwithchris: Khizr Khan on Trump: "I hate to continue to give him lessons in civics" #inners https://t.co/9ExED8OoBZ
RT @JoyAnnReid: There should be. Demand that there is from the media you consume. You're the customer. https://t.co/Gs1zBlOLWo
If DT's campaign colluded with Russians to hack into HRC  campaign to sway an election, it would go way beyond Watergate. Just saying.
RT @romyreiner: Little cartoon drawing: A Trump America https://t.co/6Jin2PPeMJ
When the shock and sadness wears off, we have to stay engaged and vigilant. Can't lose sight of the fight for inclusiveness.
RT @GeorgeTakei: Popular vote:	Hillary: 59,236,903 votes 	Donald: 59,085,787 votes	The people elected Hillary, the system elected Donald
RT @romyreiner: It's not normal for so many people to be sobbing (including me) after finding out who will become president. #LivingNightma…
RT @HillaryClinton: "This loss hurts. But please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it." —Hillary
RT @HillaryClinton: "To all the little girls watching...never doubt that you are valuable and powerful &amp; deserving of every chance &amp; opport…
RT @rmayemsinger: MSNBC friend: We in media have blood on our hands. Treated him like a legit candidate, which he isn't &amp; her like a crimin…
I was with Al Gore the night the Supreme Count took the presidency away from him. Never thought I could be more devastated. Until now.
RT @ditzkoff: Van Jones, looking choked up,  somehow manages to sum up the fear and pain that many are feeling tonight. https://t.co/K7eiJd…
Today America rejects bigotry, misogyny and hate. Today America embraces inclusiveness, decency and love. Today America makes history. HRC!!
So proud of my daughter, Romy who voted for the first time for HRC, our next president. Tomorrow America will choose love over hate!
Comey pulls an Emily Litella: "Never Mind." In 2 days the racist misogynist moron and his hatred will be reduced to one word: LOSER Go HRC!!
RT @BernieSanders: If you sit this election out and Trump wins by a few votes, many people are going to be dealing with that reality for th…
RT @michelereiner: Great piece on HRC, including Romy #HerStory #ImWithHer	 https://t.co/GJRQwi34vt https://t.co/QGmysQzDqf
3 days. Time to turn away from DT's racist-misogynistic hate mongering &amp; turn to inclusiveness,democracy and love. HRC! #StrongerTogether
RT @HillaryClinton: The story of this campaign. https://t.co/8cft9HD0RI
RT @JoyAnnReid: This this this this this a million times 👇🏿👇🏿👇🏿👇🏿👇🏿👇🏿👇🏿👇🏿 https://t.co/FUoQESJnFU
The Russians can collude with DT. The FBI can collude with DT. The American people won't have their democracy stolen from them. HRC WILL WIN
Just learned my twitter account was hacked saying I had a change oh heart and was voting for DT. Disgusting! He is utter garbage. Vote HRC!!
4 days. We can not let a racist misogynist in league with Vladimir Putin threaten our democracy. Protect/preserve our constitution. Vote HRC
RT @HillaryClinton: "I know it seems a little odd for someone running for president to say we need more love and kindness in America." http…
RT @donnabrazile: The best ever opinion piece. Read, print and share w/everyone. Thanks @CharlesMBlow 	Trump Is an Existential Threat https…
5 days to decide if we want a pathologically lying racist lunatic or a real president. Easy choice. HRC!! #Let'sMakeHistory
RT @LisaBloom: BREAKING: woman who sued Donald Trump for child rape breaks her silence today. https://t.co/ecbzZ6jxSU https://t.co/kdCRsG7w…
In 7 days we have a choice: A lying fraudulent sexual predator who's ok with KKK endorsement or an adult dedicated to public service. VOTE!!
RT @HillaryClinton: Computer scientists have apparently uncovered a covert server linking the Trump Organization to a Russian-based bank. h…
8 days left. Time to move past Comey garbage, reject the bigotry of DT, and give HRC(the only adult in the race) a resounding mandate! GOTV!
RT @HillaryClinton: Incredible. https://t.co/zBqO2HTiP4 https://t.co/w7pkIVqd1p
@kurteichenwald Newsweek cover story holds a magnifying glass up to the mountain of fraud that is DT. This man can not be POTUS. 9 days-HRC!
RT @Newsweek: Our latest cover story: Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders https://t.co/ZrmTyqsuGz by @…
RT @michelereiner: @jaredkushner How do you abide by this, something @realDonaldTrump NEVER denounces. You, a child of the Holocaust #SHAME…
Comey's letter is pure CYA partisanship. Absolutely disgraceful. Get back to real choice:a racist misogynist vs. a committed qualified adult
RT @HillaryClinton: Yesterday, FBI Director Comey bowed to partisan pressure and released a vague and inappropriate letter to Congress. Wha…
To damn HRC with innuendo 10 days before election is unconscionable. Comey must come forward and emphatically say no evidence of wrongdoing
RT @yashar: Hell has frozen over. @JudgeJeanine one of Clinton's biggest political enemies is taking her side on the timing of FBI/Email an…
RT @HillaryClinton: With just 10 days to go, Republicans are pulling out all the stops to try to bring Hillary down. RT this to help get ou…
RT @ChadHGriffin: .@HRC has endorsed @TammyforIL &amp; we look forward to working with her in the Senate to secure full federal equality. https…
RT @MSignorile: Trump lawyers given court date over lawsuit alleging rape of 13-year-old https://t.co/grXrC8KXWd
RT @kurteichenwald: FBI has no evidence implicating Clinton in anything from emails found on her aides laptop. None to or from her. https:/…
DT is a lying racist who sexually assaults women. Do not let a non-revelation by FBI stop HRC from becoming most qualified POTUS ever.
RT @jonfavs: After a DEFCON 1 freakout, we now know the emails in question were:	1) Not from Hillary	2) Not from her sever 	3) Not from her…
RT @carlreiner: My 326 page, 802 photo diary IS HERE! IS HERE! A personalized autographed copy COULD BE YOURS! If you click here: https://t…
The best birthday present we could give Hillary Clinton is to make her POTUS. Sending my love to our next president. Happy birthday Hillary!
RT @michelereiner: Couldn't agree with you more! https://t.co/iwOJrujRlK
RT @NumbersMuncher: Donald Trump basically cutting a campaign ad after the 2008 election for his lifelong friends, the Clintons. Wow. https…
RT @TheMattWilstein: Obama's response to @realDonaldTrump's mean tweet on @JimmyKimmelLive was perfect. More coming soon... https://t.co/z4…
In 15 days DT will hopefully be humiliated, HRC will make history, and in time you'll fine less and less people admitting they voted for him
RT @TheRickWilson: This!!! https://t.co/UCl3b6vwOR
Calling on Ryan and all republican leaders to reject DT and his attack on democracy. The country must unite behind our next president, HRC.
RT @JakeKPRC2: HPD still investigating how an off-duty deputy constable &amp; suspect knew each other and why the deputy was giving him a ride.…
RT @JakeKPRC2: The past tense of "light" is "lit" which is what it's going to be tonight at @StationTheater! Hope you'll join us! @KPRC2 ht…
RT @donnabrazile: This Khizr Khan ad for Hillary Clinton is incredibly powerful https://t.co/P4fjppVYC6. #StrongerTogether
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW: GOP must defund and disavow Trump so he is denied chance to keep us "in suspense" and further subvert democracy ht…
RT @HillaryClinton: "I'm happy to compare my 30 years of experience with your 30 years." —Hillary to Trump #DebateNight https://t.co/TwOpwf…
In 20 days we will no longer have to listen to the lying-misogynistic-racist fool that is DT, the least qualified to ever run for president.
RT @elizabethforma: It's not rigged, @realDonaldTrump. You're losing fair &amp; square. Put on your big-boy pants because this is what accounta…
First time in US history with only one candidate(HRC) running for president. Constitution prohibits 4 yr. old crybabies from holding office.
RT @JoyAnnReid: Obama trolls Trump. To paraphrase: "if you're already whining, Donald, you don't have what it takes to be president." https…
RT @theharryshearer: Today I filed a lawsuit against @vivendi and @studiocanal over #SpinalTap. Here’s why… #fairness rocks – pls RT https:…
RT @pari_passu: I live near KKK headquarters, and I want to make sure everyone sees the paper they left in my driveway, promoting #TrumpPen…
By coordinating with the Russian gov. the only one trying to rig the election is DT. When you're a racist predator you'll try anything.
RT @jonfavs: Every elected Republican needs to go on the record about whether they believe this. It's very serious. @SpeakerRyan https://t.…
DK promised 10K to the 911 Fund. He gave nothing. He's a disgraceful human being. He's a lying-racist-misogynist. Enough is enough! Go HRC!!
RT @BoutrousTed: I vow to take this case pro bono if @realDonaldTrump brings it https://t.co/3u57eyis56
RT @HillaryClinton: "If you vote for someone other than Hillary—or if you don't vote at all—then you are helping to elect her opponent." —@…
POTUS &amp; FLOTUS have made it clear: Enough is enough. Time for DT to be seen as the sick fringe candidate he is. Time to rally around HRC!!
RT @KeithOlbermann: Reporters needed police in riot gear to escort them safely out of the Trump hate rally. We real Americans say ENOUGH ht…
For the sake of our democracy, MGM/MarkBurnett have a responsibility to release tapes of DT. US public has a right to know who DT really is.
RT @ABFalecbaldwin: https://t.co/2L8Snt0sCd
RT @POTUS: Just like Michelle says, when they go low, we go high. @HillaryClinton went high and showed why she'll be a POTUS for all Americ…
DT is still a racist, still a misogynist. Just because he didn't defecate on the debate stage doesn't excuse his lies and ignorance.
RT @ananavarro: Dear GOP: Congrats! We nominated a misogynist, racist, vulgar, lying, ignorant, mad man as our nominee. Oh, and he breaths…
RT @HillaryClinton: RT this if you're prouder than ever to be on Hillary's team. https://t.co/2m8BhIu29H #DebateNight https://t.co/Nh6ScMF0…
Less than 1 hour before DT hopefully drives the last nail into his presidential coffin. And at last our long national nightmare will be over
RT @HillaryClinton: This is horrific. We cannot allow this man to become president. https://t.co/RwhW7yeFI2
RT @drmistercody: Literally the first sentence of @realDonaldTrump's apology was a lie. https://t.co/DT4jvf0Ln0
Speaker Paul Ryan disinvites DT to Wisconsin event. He shows he has one ball. Now grow the other and pull your endorsement. Be a real leader
If you're okay with how DT talks about women, you truly are deplorable. Time to end this insanity and bring dignity back to U.S. Elect HRC!
RT @jonfavs: This is a deeply disturbed conspiracy that could actually get people killed. 		My God. https://t.co/aiHAJfBKNb
RT @michelereiner: Enough of this shit already. MSM do your job and expose all the lies! @realDonaldTrump is where he is because of you! ht…
RT @jonfavs: .@ananavarro is a hero https://t.co/z0cgdxshVq
RT @KeithOlbermann: Say it: Trump is deranged, fascistic, the Scum of the Earth. We who believe in democracy? We. Have had. Enough. https:/…
RT @AlbertBrooks: Say both these guys were your dad. Who would you rather come out to?  Vote for that guy.
Pence is like the guy in the circus who has to clean up elephant poop. When asked why he does it he says:"What,and quit show business?"
RT @HillaryClinton: At the #VPDebate, Mike Pence tried really, really hard to deny pretty much everything Donald Trump has said and done. L…
RT @AlecMacGillis: Pence is giving the country a very good preview of how the Republican Party is going to move beyond Trump. Just pretend…
RT @nytopinion: During the debate, Mike Pence simply ignored the Donald Trump we have seen on the trail for more than a year. https://t.co/…
RT @mikegehrke: Second debate in a row where Trump can complain of a Mike that wasn't working for him.
RT @HillaryClinton: The headline says it all. https://t.co/mMCFxUuwvq #VPdebate
I wish I could say I feel sorry for Pence. It's hard defending a lying-misogynistic-narcissist. But he made his racist bed... 35 days to HRC
RT @ChemiShalev: Trump’s own aides don’t trust him to live tweet, but hey, let’s go ahead and give him the nuclear codes, why not
RT @CapehartJ: “Cape Up” Ep9: Rob Reiner: Unafraid to act on his liberal impulses https://t.co/JO9UQVvkBJ https://t.co/R3fuLTJDAa https://t…
RT @KeithOlbermann: NEW: "Morally treasonous" @RealDonaldTrump reneges on promise to support either election outcome. My commentary: https:…
In 38 days the lying-misogynistic-criminal-racist "genius" who lost a billion bucks in 1 year will hopefully exit our lives. Vote HRC!
RT @thehill: "Exhibit A: The corruption case against Trump and Pam Bondi" https://t.co/aWrHu08ZJp https://t.co/7h8rHfClTm
RT @CapehartJ: Would Rob Reiner work for 'President Hillary' if asked?		“I would do it."  		New episode of "Cape Up" on Tuesday! https://t.…
RT @SenatorReid: Republicans have put party so far ahead of country, they've endorsed a racist failure who managed to lose a billion dollar…
DT constantly lies,demeans women,defrauds working people,breaks laws and is a narcissistic racist. Everything you want in a president.
RT @nytimes: Exclusive: NYT has obtained parts of Trump's 1995 tax records. He could have paid no federal income tax for 18 years https://t…
DT says climate change is a hoax. Johnson says just move to another planet. Millennials, if you care about the environment you must vote HRC
DT is a lying racist misogynistic criminal. Gary Johnson is an uniformed fool. Republican leadership needs grow some balls and support HRC
RT @elizabethforma: A thin-skinned bully who thinks humiliating women at 3am qualifies him to be President does not understand America &amp; is…
RT @michelereiner: IN THE DEBATE HALL. MSM PLEASE REPORT THE TRUTH! @Mediaite too https://t.co/OrJpjgdGQa
RT @CorrectRecord: "The day that @USATODAY calls him unfit for the presidency, he wakes up at 3 in the morning and starts attacking...this…
RT @JoyAnnReid: Yep. Pulitzer. https://t.co/AKHa3DHoPz
RT @USATODAY: USA TODAY's Editorial Board: Trump is 'unfit for the presidency’ https://t.co/1HutRa5JwZ
No longer any doubt. By doing business in Cuba, DT has broken federal law. If his lying-racist-misogyny doesn't disqualify him, this does.
DT pays off Florida AG to not look into Trump U fraud,violates Cuban embargo,insults Latinos,Blacks,Muslims,women. When do we all say enough
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump appears to have broken the law and acted against our nation's interest, all so he could line his own pockets. htt…
RT @TPM: Rubio: Trump should answer questions on report he broke Cuban embargo https://t.co/2J0i516VJv https://t.co/vQuEwnynce
RT @KeithOlbermann: An ATLANTIC wall? To keep out Muslims? 31% of Trump supporters want it. They explain EVERYTHING #TheCloserGQ Vol.11 htt…
RT @CorrectRecord: .@maddow exclusive on @kurteichenwald's article detailing #Trump's illegal business dealings in Fidel Castro's embargoed…
RT @HillaryClinton: At Monday's debate, Trump denied saying a lot of the things he's said. Let's set the record straight. https://t.co/J3Ym…
RT @HillaryClinton: "Whew, OK!” https://t.co/385hydBQan
RT @KeithOlbermann: Trump:Are you loyal to our country? Explain Carter Page + your ties to Russia's dictatorship now #TheCloserGQ Vol.10 ht…
RT @CorrectRecord: "The public record rebutting" #Trump on his Iraq War lie is "significant." https://t.co/Cxl8ThiNFe
RT @HillaryClinton: This election is a choice between an economy that benefits everyone or an economy that benefits...Donald Trump. https:/…
Tonight we saw what a president looks like. We also saw what a lying-snorting-racist-fool looks like. #ImWithHer #StrongerTogether
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump can't win tonight's debate by lying to the American people. https://t.co/uRkyip3Rfe
RT @davidehrlich: tonight, we are pretty much sending Hillary Clinton to drill into a giant asteroid &amp; nuke it from the inside before it ca…
RT @amjoyshow: .@RobReiner on claims #DonaldTrump will fix economy: "He's been a complete and utter failure as businessman" https://t.co/d3…
RT @HillaryClinton: RT this if you've got Hillary's back tonight. #Debates2016 https://t.co/r66XZWiNJL
RT @paulkrugman: The Falsity of False Equivalence https://t.co/Dp6uiukHnc
RT @nytimes: "Here's how Mr. Trump is selling himself and why he can't be believed" https://t.co/Prx1rsJsk4 via @nytopinion
We are in the last throes of The Civil War. Racist DT leads the last stand of white nationalists. They and he must be defeated. Vote HRC!
RT @HillaryClinton: "Donald Trump committed perjury. Or he looked into the faces of the Republican faithful and knowingly lied." https://t.…
RT @HillaryClinton: Is this the president we want for our daughters? https://t.co/GP4rfhPDGm
I urge all Americans to read this.Trump’s Morally Vapid Brand of Ugly Will Be the Ruin of Our Country | Observer https://t.co/hTGBckpup1
RT @funnyordie: .@HillaryClinton sits down Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis for her most memorable interview yet. https://t.co/169e…
RT @JuddApatow: Everybody should retweeted this one.  I think it shows how dangerous and reckless and criminal Trump is and should scare us…
RT @HillaryClinton: "You would think there is almost, like, something wrong." —Donald Trump on Mitt Romney failing to release his tax retur…
RT @JesseLehrich: NEW: Trump admits he only said Obama was born in U.S. so he could "get on with his campaign"	https://t.co/GE4qKYpECS http…
RT @KeithOlbermann: Trump's Damnable, Dangerous 2nd Dog-Whistle To Shoot At Clinton. Vol. 6 of my new series #TheCloserGQ https://t.co/Aytc…
Unfortunately 147 characters is inadequate to describe how horrifying a Trump presidency would be. We must be vigilant to protect democracy.
RT @CorrectRecord: Hey @Fahrenthold, remember when #Trump told @StephenAtHome he didn't know what the 13 stripes on the flag meant? https:/…
RT @CorrectRecord: Here's @realDonaldTrump, featured in a jihadist recruitment video: https://t.co/g28mSfoqgj
RT @KeithOlbermann: As @RealDonaldTrump gives his same terror speech, a reminder from #TheCloserGQ: ISIS might as well have written it http…
RT @Fahrenthold: “I represent 700 nonprofits a year &amp; I've never encountered anything so brazen” Tax expert on @realdonaldtrump's Fdn https…
RT @jonfavs: You will be happy you watched this https://t.co/d0fNWc3sUg
Guess if you're a pathological liar you feel comfortable having other liars around. Christie perfect to have in DT's intelligence briefings.
RT @HillaryClinton: "Progress is on the ballot.	Tolerance is on the ballot.	Democracy is on the ballot.	Justice is on the ballot." https://…
RT @HillaryClinton: Joel Sollender, WWII veteran and POW, on what it means when he hears Trump insult our vets. https://t.co/3ZIezeRTl9
RT @HillaryClinton: Hillary's been her childhood pen pal, her graduation cheering section, and her friend. Meet Aleatha: https://t.co/f4YzT…
RT @samsteinhp: Damn. this ad from Clinton 	https://t.co/8DsVOUk7s7
RT @ditzkoff: OBAMA: "Hope is on the ballot, and fear is on the ballot too." https://t.co/cnF0mOkScH
RT @ddale8: Donald Trump just did a speech in Miami. He said eight false things. https://t.co/DSKMHOyHpK
RT @carlreiner: Couldn't belieive my eyes. Saw members of ALT, a racist, anti-semitic group pledge to support Trump &amp; Trump proudly accepti…
Time for Ryan,McConnell,McCain and all responsible Republican leaders to renounce the bigotry DT is fostering and withdraw support.#COURAGE
RT @KatyTurNBC: Today, Donald Trump took 7 seconds to admit a conspiracy theory he nursed for 5 years was wrong.
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump spent five years lying about @POTUS's citizenship. He can’t just take that back. https://t.co/HeafYwy0Fp
RT @HillaryClinton: “On November 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate change—or no…
RT @wkamaubell: Protip : We didn't need to create the word #birtherism. We already had a word for what that is. It's called racism.
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump has spent years peddling lies about President Obama.		And that didn't stop today. https://t.co/KzgPQgPjxK
RT @joereid: Honestly, if it takes him five years to confirm the birth nation of one man, this whole mass deportation thing is gonna be mad…
It's now forever settled: @realDonaldTrump is a lying racist piece of garbage.
RT @JoyAnnReid: And not just any president - the fact is, the first time this was ever done, it was to the first black president.  https://…
RT @paulkrugman: Moment of truth: Trump campaign lied, pure and simple. If media can't say that, they have failed completely https://t.co/o…
RT @HillaryClinton: Remember: Trump, the Birther-in-Chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records. http…
RT @chrislhayes: This is execrable garbage and everyone should call it that. https://t.co/ljDc6P3Rox
RT @KatyTurNBC: Agree.  https://t.co/ONzkTTeKgA
RT @PaulBegala: He needs to apologize to @POTUS and the Nation. https://t.co/Ef0gqpNxih
RT @michelereiner: ENOUGH ALREADY WITH THIS BULLSHIT! https://t.co/h1gnv4qWFw
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump still refuses to say @POTUS was born in America. And this man wants to be our president?		When will he sto…
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump still refuses to admit President Obama was born in the United States. https://t.co/LB6y7Iecsb
RT @jonfavs: Trump is a certified, sociopathic liar. His campaign is filled with liars. We shouldn't believe a word they say.
RT @tonyschwartz: Trump still won't admit Obama was born in US. Can't ever admit to being wrong about anything. Makes him feel worthless an…
RT @HillaryClinton: President Obama’s successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. Period.
RT @rtraister: My hot take is that Ivanka Trump is a bad surrogate who lies: https://t.co/Ozuff7SNo7
Getting tired of MSM treating DT's lying, ignorance, bigotry as acceptable? At some point MSM has to acknowledge the earth is round.
RT @KeithOlbermann: As Trump Jr drops a holocaust joke, Vol. 3 of #TheCloserGQ: Hillary's wrong - ALL Trump supporters are deplorable https…
RT @michelereiner: As a daughter of a Holocaust survivor too, I couldn't agree with you more. MSM DO YOUR JOB https://t.co/mQD1GJGnh0
RT @nprpolitics: Trump Criticizes Flint Pastor But Misstates Key Facts About Their Encounter https://t.co/aTttirHhzE
RT @JuddApatow: I love when Trump says he has been able to screw top models.  Yes he says screw.   And you may elect him President. https:/…
RT @JoyAnnReid: Goal achieved. Now awaiting the similarly vigorous and sustained Times focus on the Trump Foundation. https://t.co/C5u9BBQh…
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump's detailed medical records are part of a laundry list of things he's hiding from the American public. https://t.c…
RT @CorrectRecord: #Trump U claimed it was a university "when in fact there was no accreditation." https://t.co/NKzvH6Dk4t
RT @JoyAnnReid: This is not an election. This is a 3-ring circus.
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump's foundation allegedly paid off Florida's attorney general to prevent an investigation into his fraud. htt…
RT @Lawrence: 2015: Lawrence O'Donnell tears into TV media for not calling Donald Trump a liar https://t.co/ekCdcAtgNn # via @HuffPostMedia
MSM get your act together! You're giving a lying-ignorant-fraud a path to the WH. Follow @Lawrence &amp; @JoyAnnReid. DT can not be President!!!
RT @KeithOlbermann: My 1st #TheCloserGQ: 176 @RealDonaldTrump Horrors In 17 Minutes. 		Text AND Video:	https://t.co/BoO6s1RCxC https://t.co…
RT @HillaryClinton: 7 questions we have about the Trump Foundation (and how Donald used it to stop investigations into his fraud): https://…
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump says "you can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens."		What Trump's also said: https…
The hundreds of ugly,ignorant,insane things DT has said should be disqualifying. WaPo's David Fahrenthold has the closer. DT Foundation=SCAM
RT @HillaryClinton: The Trump Foundation: "an arrangement worked out for maximum benefit at minimum sacrifice.” https://t.co/y0bY1efHwL
Enough false equivalency and double standards. MSM has to stop giving DT a free pass. Most important job in the free world is at stake.
RT @ddale8: This is a list of things Trump said in one interview on CNBC this morning. https://t.co/0KawkE4fZr
RT @JoyAnnReid: More news you won't hear about today ... or maybe this entire week. *Cough.* https://t.co/sq1CccV4Tw
RT @michelereiner: Trump's new cabinet? https://t.co/3aKYv6JSg6
RT @ReinerNick: And this @dopeypodcast https://t.co/9BEbG4SeT7
RT @JohnDingell: How dare Hillary "offend" the vitriolic supporters of a racist, hateful, anti-women, islamophobic campaign being run by a…
72% of Republicans still think POTUS is illegitimate. Seems like HRC was being kind to @realDonaldTrump supporters. Ugly DT stokes racism!!
RT @HillaryClinton: Except for African Americans, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants, women, veterans—and any so-called "losers" or "dummies." ht…
RT @PaulBegala: You left out attacking the Pope, insulting POW's, mocking a person with a disability, saying @POTUS founded ISIS... https:/…
RT @HillaryClinton: "I won't stop calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign." —Hillary https://t.co/C3Z7GybJ53
DT praises a dictator, insults a gold star family, bribes an AG, lies about Iraq war, calls the President illegitimate. Sickening. Enough!!
RT @HillaryClinton: If you want to see what corruption actually looks like, this is it. https://t.co/tBfL0J82Tz https://t.co/Fc9U2cmlU8
RT @CorrectRecord: "#Trump's penchant for lying and deception...is a business strategy, and it has real-world consequences." https://t.co/f…
I urge anyone who is thinking of supporting DT to watch @Lawrence tonight. He makes an air tight case as to why DT can never be president.
RT @HillaryClinton: Last night, Trump chose to talk about his deep admiration and support for Putin.		Maybe he did it with a smile. https:/…
WTF is the matter with Matt Lauer not calling @realDonaldTrump out on his lie about not supporting going into Iraq. MSM keep him honest!!!
RT @kurteichenwald: To my colleagues in the media: Elections are a serious business. If u are a moderator, prepare. Don't be another @MLaue…
RT @kurteichenwald: "What's ur favorite color?" "Will you be neat-o in the Oval Office?" "Will u be the bestest president ever?" Matt Lauer…
Watching DT spew his lies and never answer any questions, and Matt Lauer never holding him accountable for anything was sickening.
RT @brianefallon: Trump's unpresidential trifecta tonight:	1. Attack our generals	2. Praise Putin	3. Blame women in combat for sexual assau…
RT @EJDionne: #Trump is not called out enough for flatly lying about supporting both the #Iraq war and the intervention against #Libya.
RT @brianefallon: Politico: Trump's pay-for-play scandal intensifies	https://t.co/jZDLPzg9q0
@realDonaldTrump has admitted to paying off politicians to get what he wants. For once we should believe him. #BondiBribe
RT @adamnagourney: Donald Trump's history of pay-to-play allegations; from Andy Stein in NY to Pam Bondi in Florida. NYT weighs in.  https:…
RT @brianefallon: NY Times Editorial: Pay to Play, Mr. Trump?	https://t.co/a5FpO6sb11
RT @samsteinhp: Trump didn’t just donate, he hosted a fundraiser for Bondi at Mar-A-Lago after she passed on investigating Trump U https://…
And thank you @Lawrence for making it clear that Florida AG Pam Bondi took a 25K bribe from DT not to pursue a fraud case against Trump U.
RT @MSignorile: NYT ed board has to link to WaPo story b/c own paper hasn't done story ---&gt; Pay to Play, Mr. Trump? https://t.co/lriKCCseCc
Thank God for @JoyAnnReid. Finally someone from MSM is putting a spotlight on DT's 25K to Florida AG to drop fraud case against Trump U
RT @ReinerNick: Being Charlie is a story. It isn't my story but I hope by opening up about the drug issues I had could possibly help. That'…
RT @AmazonVideo: From Director @robreiner with @common and @Cary_Elwes, #BeingCharlie is here to rent or own: https://t.co/tc5UL1299C https…
RT @thehill: "Donald Trump's $25,000 Pam Bondi problem" https://t.co/3jFsBdCMc3 https://t.co/VQfRJTvF0S
RT @brianefallon: NYT scoreboard: Coughing 1, Trump-Bondi 0.	https://t.co/MLTyhYXWQt
RT @carlreiner: So proud of son Rob &amp; grandson's Nick's film. Experience what it's like BEING CHARLIE @ https://t.co/Q5BUOEWot0 or https://…
RT @JakeKPRC2: To play a small role in #BeingCharlie was truly an honor. Check it out! #ShamelessPlug  https://t.co/IE1WXFupLH
My new film #BeingCharlie, a collaboration with my son, Nick, is out today on @iTunesMovies. So proud of this film! https://t.co/KGoFmAexMs
My new film #BeingCharlie, a collaboration with my son, Nick, is now on AmazonVideo. Watch it at https://t.co/80fxAzjxRW
RT @thehill: "Donald Trump's $25,000 Pam Bondi problem" https://t.co/dVoKcXVmEm https://t.co/nqVmmNjtqz
RT @davidaxelrod: How can @realDonaldTrump boast on one hand about his years working system yet plead that $$ to FL AG in midst of TrumpU p…
RT @brianefallon: Hillary Clinton's coughing has received more stories than Trump's illegal donation to Pam Bondi. 		Sigh.
RT @HillaryClinton: Today, we'll hear Trump talk about our veterans.		Our new ad on what they've been hearing from Trump for months: https:…
Time for MSM to stop straining for false equivalency. DT's mountain of corruption, all for personal gain, is staggering.
RT @JuddApatow: Trump’s history of corruption is mind-boggling. - The Washington Post https://t.co/hKvhtIaIaD
RT @CorrectRecord: WATCH: #Trump surrogate says Trump engaged in pay-to-play https://t.co/Sri1bBrlnk
RT @DavidCornDC: He also said he saw a video that didn't exist https://t.co/1MRGDqJhgi
RT @joshtpm: Times reporter reduced to tweeting WaPo story on Trump/Bondi? https://t.co/kTkkmsELNj
RT @brianefallon: Trump said today he never spoke to Pam Bondi abt his illegal donation to her. That's a lie, according to her spox	https:/…
RT @brianefallon: .@JoyAnnReid on Trump Foundation's illegal payment to Florida AG Pam Bondi: "As direct an instance of pay-to-play as we'v…
RT @NateSilver538: Looks like @nytimes isn't tweeting out Krugman's column, which was basically a subtweet of NYT's campaign coverage. http…
MSM, where's the investigation of DT's illegal 25K donation to Florida's AG who then dropped the fraud suit against Trump U? Do your jobs!
RT @tonyschwartz: Trump did not utter an authentic word today in Detroit. He was 100% scripted.  He is a living insult to the black communi…
Good thing @realDonaldTrump was on script. Otherwise it's "Look at all my African-Americans over here"
Many people know I'm a big Hillary supporter. But the thought of a taco truck on every corner could push me to the lying narcissist.
If the lying/misogynistic/racist gets any more than 0% of the Black/Latino/LGBT/Muslim or Women's vote, gotta ask-WTF?
What a surprise! The pathological liar lied. Said the wall was not discussed. Pena Nieto said it was and he wouldn't pay for it. Go Liar!!
Clearly we're not sending our best to Mexico. We're sending liars. We're sending narcissists. We're sending sociopaths.
RT @HillaryClinton: The choice in November: a president with real plans to combat climate change—or one who calls it a hoax. https://t.co/t…
RT @MelBrooks: Gene Wilder-One of the truly great talents of our time. He blessed every film we did with his magic &amp; he blessed me with his…
Finally media exposing @realDonaldTrump for what he is:narcissistic-racist. @Morning_Joe leading the way. 70 days left to keep DT out of WH!
Press trying to create false equivalency is ridiculous. @realDonaldTrump spews hateful/racist rhetoric. On substance HRC buries him.
Besides misspelling an NBA superstar's name @realDonaldTrump shows no empathy for anyone. Classic trait of a psychopath.
HRC has made things crystal clear. We cannot give our country to a man who stokes racism and violence. We are better than that.
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump's bigoted rhetoric and policy proposals aren't a dog whistle. We hear him loud and clear.	https://t.co/fPLy9wtTrM
RT @HillaryClinton: It's not a coincidence that white supremacists proudly support Trump. https://t.co/3OX4I1GSkr
RT @ron_fournier: I have not hesitated to call out @HillaryClinton for misleading, even lying. 		Not here. Not today. 		This is truth  http…
RT @politico: .@HillaryClinton: "Only later, again under mounting pressure, did he backtrack" on disavowing David Duke's support. https://t…
RT @politico: .@HillaryClinton: "His latest paranoid fever dream is about my health. And all I can say is – Donald, dream on." https://t.co…
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump says he wants to "make America great again," but his real message remains “make America hate again.” https://t.co…
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump hired the head of Breitbart "News" to be CEO of his campaign. Here's a sample of their work: https://t.co/y8loOnk…
RT @HillaryClinton: There’s an old Mexican proverb that says “Tell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.”		We know who Tr…
RT @CorrectRecord: This is a new low, even for @realDonaldTrump.	https://t.co/Jigp0BUypR
RT @HillaryClinton: There's a reason the most hateful fringe of the right wing is supporting Donald Trump.	https://t.co/AqB3DM2m0N
Sickening that a lying racist is holding the media and the American people hostage with his insane ignorance. No WH for @realDonaldTrump
Kelly Ann Conway says the campaign should be about substance. Yet @realDonaldTrump is incapable of substance. And offers no policy specifics
RT @CorrectRecord: David Duke is "overjoyed" to see Donald #Trump "embrace" the issues he's championed.	https://t.co/HaI6QhuYA2
RT @JoyAnnReid: .@mattyglesias: "The AP’s big exposé on Hillary meeting with Clinton Foundation donors is a mess" https://t.co/Yh7INqUopv?
75 more days of @realDonaldTrump and having to listen to his lying, flip-flopping, racist, ignorant insanity. Stay strong. Go HRC
RT @brianefallon: Trump donated to the Clinton Foundation while HRC was Secretary of State. Doesn't that mean he is calling for an investig…
RT @devbostick: Being Charlie, directed by @RobReiner, releases Sept.6 (VOD) &amp; Oct.4 (DVD/bluray). Checkout the trailer: https://t.co/Q7ODV…
RT @HillaryClinton: We heard Trump's demonizing comments on immigrants loud and clear the first time. And the second, third, fourth ...	htt…
We can all agree: @realDonaldTrump is a narcissistic,lying racist. I feel bad we have to listen to his moronic crap for 77 more days. Go HRC
RT @jmpalmieri: Seems like someone is unnerved by our new ad, premiered on https://t.co/c6GzL89qIb https://t.co/QHCp5CWl5g
@MissyHymel Its real
RT @realDonaldTrump: Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they…
Snake oil salesman strikes again. @realDonaldTrump does a 180. Now the pathological liar says illegals can stay. #Don'tBuyTheLie
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump has shown us who he is. We should believe him. https://t.co/TWj7QwEfVh
RT @HillaryClinton: This is so ignorant it’s staggering. https://t.co/t2fZl9sqKs
Telling black people how bad their lives are in front of white people might not be best way for @realDonaldTrump to reach black people.
RT @EJDionne: Manafort out of #Trump's circus.	God help us if we had a president who ran a White House like he runs his campaign.	https://t…
Media must press @realDonaldTrump. Who does he regret hurting? Mexicans,Muslims,Blacks,Gays,the Khans,women,the disabled,Jews? Who exactly?
.@realDonaldTrump has put bigotry and hatred on the ballot. On Nov. 8, Americans must stand up for inclusiveness and love. #StrongerTogether
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear, and he's got a new campaign chief to match. https://t.co/wSgKlxxe…
RT @JakeKPRC2: I have to say the outfit is on point. #ThrowBack2School  https://t.co/cD2HsScs9P
In a stroke of genius, @realDonaldTrump cements the lunatic fringe vote. Does a "full Breibart" and hires Steve Bannon. Couldn't be uglier.
In another brilliant strategic move, @realDonaldTrump decides the best way to court the black vote is by addressing an all white audience.
In a last ditch attempt to get the women's vote, @realDonaldTrump has tapped Roger Ailes as a consultant. Great strategic move.
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump says he'll create a new test for immigrants.		It's a test he'd fail.	https://t.co/LZoCq8bJFx
RT @donnabrazile: This is serious. Please read about the Secret Ledger in Ukraine Lists Cash for Donald Trump’s Campaign Chief https://t.co…
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump says, "I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me." 		You know what? We don't.	https://t.co/OynjnrpR…
It's official! @realDonaldTrump has locked up the "cry baby" vote. Good strategy. Complain your way to victory.
RT @NBCNightlyNews: NEW: Donald Trump says only way Hillary Clinton can win Pennsylvania "is if cheating goes on;" does not specify if he i…
The only one cheating in this election is @realDonaldTrump. He's cheating this country of decency, dignity, and democratic ideals.
RT @michelereiner: I'm the daughter of a Holocaust survivor I'm very scared of @realDonaldTrump. He is Hitler. Remember they all laughed at…
.@realDonaldTrump is a pathological liar. Nothing that comes out his mouth has any value. Time for the media to shut him down.
RT @HillaryClinton: Why is @realDonaldTrump refusing to release his tax returns? Some ideas:	https://t.co/M4MSBo6c9O
The American people will not elect@realDonaldTrump--a lying, race baiting, violence-provoking ignorant moron. We're better than that.
The latest disgusting rhetoric from @realDonaldTrump. Claims Pres. Obama and HRC co-founded ISIS. How did America wind up with this schmuck?
RT @elizabethforma: Your reckless comments sound like a two-bit dictator, @realDonaldTrump. Not a man who wants to lead the greatest democr…
RT @elizabethforma: .@realDonaldTrump makes death threats because he's a pathetic coward who can’t handle the fact that he’s losing to a gi…
RT @VoteHillary2016: I believe we all heard that.	@carlreiner https://t.co/3I3hAzT2JB
RT @CandaceSmith_: Trump on Clinton: "If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks." Adds, "Though the second amendment folks,…
Did I just hear correctly? Did @realDonaldTrump just suggest shooting a future president as a way to protect the 2nd amendment? Insanity!
The wheels are coming off the @realDonaldTrump Unstable-Racist-Lying Machine. Keep the pressure on and jeep him away from the WH.
RT @mmfa: We asked a combat veteran for his reaction to Trump's attack on a Gold Star family:	https://t.co/q1p0j7gRp3
RT @TheBriefing2016: You know Trump's having a bad day when 50 senior GOP officials say he'd put our national security "at risk": https://t…
RT @elizabethforma: The American people aren’t dumb, @realDonaldTrump. We don’t trust you with our nuclear codes AND we don’t trust you wit…
RT @elizabethforma: .@realDonaldTrump's econ plan was written by rich corporate insider advisors to make the economy even greater for rich…
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump is not only putting our national security at risk—he’s putting our economy at risk. https://t.co/HMiJtadxMF
RT @mmurraypolitics: Trump claims Clinton said "she wanted to raise taxes on the middle class." That isn't true  		https://t.co/YxqK4WgGgS
RT @SenSanders: At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, it is absurd to provide huge tax breaks to the very rich.
RT @danpfeiffer: This should be in the lede of every story on his speech  https://t.co/JVqyyHUuY0
RT @JohnJHarwood: Trump just told outright falsehood in saying Hillary called for middle class tax increase - she did not
@realDonaldTrump is a disgusting liar. Just said HRC would raise taxes on middle class. The opposite is true. His insane lying is boundless.
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump's economic plan:	1. Lower wages	2. Fewer jobs 	3. More debt	4. Tax breaks for the 0.1%	https://t.co/OLU4ht…
RT @ThisWeekABC: Fmr. CIA Director Mike Morell: "I have no doubt" Putin sees Trump as "unwitting agent of the Russian Federation" https://t…
RT @JuddApatow: Trump Exposes Trump- a great video.  Funny if so many people weren't buying his nonsense.  https://t.co/W6BH5wrdli
RT @HillaryClinton: We have some questions about @realDonaldTrump's cozy relationship with Russia. https://t.co/aetHzJyJCo
RT @HillaryClinton: "She will deliver on the most important duty of a president—keeping our nation safe." —Michael Morell on Hillary https:…
RT @ariannahuff: ‘Ashamed’ of Trump, Harvard Republican Club won’t endorse top GOP nominee for first time since 1888 https://t.co/4jMEqv3f0B
RT @brianefallon: Clintons don't take salary from Foundation. All their income is disclosed -unlike Trump who hides his tax returns https:/…
RT @HillaryClinton: Seriously, what is going on with Trump and Russia? https://t.co/N6ySNILYMx
RT @johnlegend: We know better, Reince.  https://t.co/y19AJuL4yW
RT @johnlegend: We look forward to the day when your party stops trying to stop people from voting and starts trying to win their votes @Re…
RT @Karoli: Comey, admitting during his testimony that she wasn’t lying. https://t.co/nuWIkAginm
Thanks for feedback on my Bill Maher appearance. Meant no disrespect 2 folks struggling with mental health issues. But Trump can't be Prez.
RT @HillaryClinton: "Trump is not only unqualified for the job, but he may well pose a threat to our national security." —Michael Morell ht…
RT @michelereiner: Unfiltered Voices From Donald Trump's Crowds https://t.co/2mBzNnCHMP via @nytvideo
I urge everyone to read David Brooks column in NY Times. It says everything you need to know about @realDonaldTrump. Eloquent.
RT @ariannahuff: .@nytdavidbrooks: "he lacks the inner equipment that makes decent behavior possible” https://t.co/kMFdK1Mp2C
.@realDonaldTrump continues to display mental illness. Says he saw a video of cash being delivered to Iran. Didn't happen. Hallucinations?
RT @CNNPolitics: Obama on whether Trump could be trusted with US nuclear weapons: "Make your own judgment" https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://…
RT @Lawrence: A man with a complete list of symptoms of mental illness is asking America to give him the nuclear codes. @TheLastWord 10pm
The only thing crazier than @realDonaldTrump is that he is a candidate for President of the United States of America. Enough is enough.
RT @thehill: Dem lawmaker launches petition to "Diagnose Trump" https://t.co/12GicJVgTH https://t.co/mdKqnov0lN
RT @HallieJackson: Strongest comments from @POTUS yet on @realDonaldTrump --&gt; https://t.co/uK5tf1ASoO
Republican leadership should show moral courage. Ask @realDonaldTrump to step down. A major party can't have a mentally unstable candidate.
RT @CNN: Warren Buffett challenges Trump to release his tax returns: "I'll bring my tax return, he can bring his tax return" https://t.co/G…
RT @Lawrence: Even if you don't have children or grandchildren you will be asked for the rest of your life what did you do to stop @realDon…
RT @ditzkoff: John Oliver had some thoughts tonight on Donald Trump's responses to the Khan family. https://t.co/Wpu6zY5Nhl
RT @RyanLizza: "Once unmentionable, questions about Trump’s mental health have started to bubble into respectable American forums" https://…
RT @danpfeiffer: Ryan issuing these mushy statements while continuing to support Trump is pure political and moral cowardice  https://t.co/…
RT @carlreiner: Trump has sacfiieced himself for our country by not serving in the armed forces, making million &amp; millons of dollars &amp; not…
Watching @realDonaldTrump on @GStephanopoulos I saw a man who is incapable of not lying and who has no empathy for other human beings
RT @thehill: Slain Muslim soldier's father: Trump’s response "typical of a person without a soul" https://t.co/EofK2FIxMU https://t.co/IKgv…
RT @brianefallon: Khan story will endure not as another time Trump offended, but for bravery of those parents. If they refuse to give into…
RT @brianefallon: He has earned the right to say whatever he wants to you, Donald. https://t.co/uvAvmwxL7p
RT @JohnKasich: There's only one way to talk about Gold Star parents: with honor and respect. Capt. Khan is a hero. Together, we should pra…
RT @donnabrazile: Thank you Governor. Prayers for #CaptainKhan's family and friends. Thank you for your sacrifice. https://t.co/uhyz8TRKeg
RT @ChrisMegerian: "It takes a village, not a village idiot," says a union worker in Johnstown when I ask him about Donald Trump running th…
RT @HillaryClinton: Captain Khan and his family represent the best of America, and we salute them. https://t.co/MGeJXPF2DE
RT @johnlegend: Donald Trump is such a terrible person. Waiting for you patriotic Trumpkins to come up with a defense for this... https://t…
Listening to @realDonaldTrump reaction to the loss of the Khans hero son, there is only one conclusion: the man has no heart or soul.
RT @johnpodesta: Donald Trump attacks Gold Star mother. Is there nothing sacred? https://t.co/mxbolZe4fA
RT @NickKristof: From the former Swedish prime minister and foreign minister, and long time international peace negotiator. https://t.co/um…
Watch the Khans on @Lawrence and you'll understand why @realDonaldTrump can never be our president. He's a disgrace to all Americans.
RT @ACLU: In honor of Khizr Khan, get your FREE POCKET CONSTITUTION: https://t.co/wZdkZIahpi https://t.co/875YWCeNZZ
RT @Lawrence: #KhizrKhan will be my guest tonight @TheLastWord 10pm https://t.co/PvZHt9HfZ9
Last night I saw a loving, compassionate woman show us how, when we are all together, Love trumps Hate. #StrongerTogether
RT @michikokakutani: "Trump and Russia: Even Historians See No Precedent." by Jane Mayer  https://t.co/6IVihYj41M via @newyorker
RT @HillaryClinton: "Some issues are not left vs. right or liberal vs. conservative, they are right vs. wrong." —Rev. William Barber https:…
RT @politico: A former mentor to @POTUS says @realDonaldTrump's Russian hack 'jokes' could 'constitute treason' https://t.co/PHuTHPeXbL
RT @HillaryClinton: "No major party nominee in the history of this nation has known less or been less prepared to deal with...national secu…
RT @addison_dr: @MSignorile Trump Finally Draws Fire From An Inept Media For His Russia Connections. https://t.co/J6RPniMjbv https://t.co/l…
RT @tobyeckert: NSA could hold 'smoking gun' in DNC leak https://t.co/EGGi2Bqazq
RT @nytopinion: Trump effectively invited Russia to hack into Clinton’s computers, writes @NickKristof https://t.co/SJwdrWF0PR https://t.co…
RT @politico: Reid on Trump: ‘He may have violated the law’ https://t.co/GqvW0tW4Y2 | AP Photo https://t.co/it6ne4cdea
RT @thehill: Cory Booker: Trump's Russia comment "disqualifies" him for office https://t.co/5o1b8urgMB https://t.co/whsIXsaIZf
RT @romyreiner: #DNC I love my parents @michelereiner @robreiner https://t.co/azY851TZx4
RT @HillaryClinton: "Thank you for this incredible journey.	Let’s keep it going.	God bless the United States of America!" —@POTUS https://t…
RT @politico: Obama: Anyone who threatens values, "fascists or communists or jihadists or homegrown demagogues, will always fail." https://…
RT @HillaryClinton: We love you back, @POTUS. https://t.co/S3dEsjwXCo
Asking Russian spies to interfere in our election goes way beyond Watergate. Where's the outrage? This is completely disqualifying.
RT @politico: 'Tantamount to treason': Critics savage @realDonaldTrump over Russia hack comments https://t.co/02UrDJ2iPa | Getty https://t.…
RT @thehill: Carl Bernstein: Trump’s comments about Russia hacking Clinton are "disqualifying" | WATCH: https://t.co/6ckrE5hGK2 https://t.c…
RT @samsteinhp: Reid: “What Trump is talking about is much worse than Watergate. Absolutely.” https://t.co/11f30fc6Bx
RT @MarkRuffalo: @BernieSanders you lead us to this historical moment, we followed. Now we will follow your lead to beating the hell out of…
RT @thehill: JUST IN: Dems say Trump's comments on Russia hacking Clinton "border on treason" https://t.co/ibrucAUQtU https://t.co/B87MsgaO…
RT @thehill: Carl Bernstein: Trump’s comments about Russia hacking Clinton are "disqualifying" | WATCH: https://t.co/n2z0EIFcYw https://t.c…
RT @thehill: Former CIA director questions Trump's loyalty to US: report https://t.co/M9pxzvnS2r https://t.co/XslbA2QN4j
If asking the Russians to actively spy on Hillary Clinton doesn't disqualify @realDonaldTrump there is no hope for our democracy.
Official:@realDonaldTrump will not release his taxes. UNACCEPTABLE Cannot elect someone who might be colluding with the Russians
RT @HillaryClinton: We just put the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet.” —Hillary https://t.co/mYkaLIv861
RT @HillaryClinton: Watch Hillary become the first woman presidential nominee of a major political party: https://t.co/mQ9oeap7qp #WeMadeHi…
RT @HillaryClinton: “We have made too much progress, and we are not going back, we are going forward." —@RepJohnLewis #DemsInPhilly
RT @HillaryClinton: “Tonight, we will shatter that glass ceiling again.” —@RepJohnLewis on nominating Hillary for president #DemsInPhilly
RT @HillaryClinton: On most campaigns, there isn't much ambiguity as to whether the candidate does or doesn't back KKK leaders. https://t.c…
RT @thedailybeast: EXCLUSIVE: The FBI suspects Russia hacked the DNC to elect Donald Trump: https://t.co/tJprINI07K https://t.co/0LDyFrr5iP
Just wondering. Is it possible that @realDonaldTrump doesn't release his tax returns because it'll expose his ties to Russian Oligarchs?
We should all thank Bernie Sanders for his passion and for bringing everyone together to stop Trump and elect Hillary #StrongerTogether
RT @BernieSanders: We have got to defeat Donald Trump and do everything we can to elect Hillary Clinton to the White house. #DemsInPhilly
RT @algore: I am not able to attend this year’s Democratic convention, but I will be voting for Hillary Clinton. (1/3)
RT @HillaryClinton: "One thing’s for certain: You won’t ever hear me praising dictators and strongmen who have no love for America.” —Hilla…
RT @HillaryClinton: Our troops strive to conduct themselves with honor.		They deserve a Commander-in-Chief who will never order them to com…
RT @HillaryClinton: For more than a decade, @TimKaine's been leading the fight against the NRA—right in their own backyard.	https://t.co/oX…
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump's convention message: fear and hate.		RT if you agree we're better than this.	https://t.co/GNb8LNeJcb
@chucktodd asks the right questions but never follows up. Must hold @realDonaldTrump accountable for his insane lies. Press DO YOUR JOB!
What a contrast! Two experienced,compassionate adults vs. a selfish, fraudulent child. Love vs. hate. #StongerTogether
If you don't think we have a big problem with racism in this country, please watch this https://t.co/wjI93KkyCP
RT @JakeKPRC2: Text from HRC: I'm thrilled to tell you this first: I've chosen Sen. Tim Kaine as my running mate. Welcome him to our team -…
RT @CoryBooker: KAINE IS ABLE!!!
RT @HardballChris: .@HillaryClinton has picked a good man with good values and an un-Trumpian temperament as her governing partner. Great m…
RT @HillaryClinton: I'm thrilled to announce my running mate, @TimKaine, a man who's devoted his life to fighting for others. -H https://t.…
RT @HillaryClinton: .@TimKaine is a relentless optimist who believes no problem is unsolvable if you put in the work to solve it.	https://t…
RT @davidaxelrod: .@timkaine is really solid choice for @HillaryClinton--thoughtful, experienced &amp; genuine.  A thoroughly admirable man. #D…
RT @HillaryClinton: .@TimKaine's guiding principle: the belief that you can make a difference through public service. https://t.co/YopSUeMq…
RT @NickKristof: Wash Post offers a non-endorsement in July: it says it could never condone Trump, whom it describes as a threat https://t.…
RT @HillaryClinton: “I never thought I’d say these words, but Ted Cruz was right...in this election, do the right thing and vote your consc…
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump’s speech last night took it to a whole new level. He offered a lot of anger and fear and resentment—but no…
RT @HillaryClinton: "As I recall, we had a revolution to make sure we didn't have someone who said, 'I can fix it alone.'" —Hillary https:/…
RT @HillaryClinton: "He doesn’t speak for anyone who thinks our country should be standing together, not splintering apart." —Hillary https…
RT @HillaryClinton: "He sure doesn’t speak for me, because I know we are stronger together, and that’s what we’re going to be." —Hillary on…
RT @HillaryClinton: "The best way I can sum up what I hope this election will lead to...is: Love trumps hate." —Hillary
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump told lie after lie last night because it's all he has to offer the American people. https://t.co/wXllN0KVHl
RT @HillaryClinton: "Hard to believe they spent so much time talking about me and no time talking about jobs or education or health care."…
RT @VanJones68: What more needs to be said? David Duke loved the speech. @GloriaBorger @davidaxelrod @niaCNN @JohnKingCNN @cnn  https://t.c…
RT @thedailybeast: Jon Stewart returns to take down Trump and the GOP: "I see your bullshit" https://t.co/dbLJTeIYb6 #RNCinCLE https://t.co…
RT @MarlowNYC: Jon Stewart Returns to Rip Trump and the GOP: "This country isn't yours" https://t.co/2dW4qgVmsc #RNCinCLE https://t.co/de6K…
RT @michelereiner: @tonyschwartz I admire you for speaking the truth about @realDonaldTrump. I took the book cover photo and I too regret m…
Thank God it's over
RT @GeorgeHarrison: The unauthorized use of #HereComestheSun at the #RNCinCLE is offensive &amp; against the wishes of the George Harrison esta…
I took a nap. Is he still yelling?
RT @NormOrnstein: If Leni Riefenstahl were alive, Trump would hire her to film this speech. Then not pay her.
RT @HillaryClinton: We are better than this.
RT @HillaryClinton: "It's pretty obvious he doesn't know a lot about the issues." —@SenateMajLdr on Trump		We couldn't agree more, Mitch ht…
RT @JohnDingell: Just drop the damn balloons already.
RT @BernieSanders: Looks like Ted Cruz was right about one thing. Trump does not understand what the Constitution is about. #RNCwithBernie
Is it me or is @realDonaldTrump and his droning yell giving you a headache? Hard to scream so many lies for so long.
RT @HillaryClinton: 👀  #RNCinCLE https://t.co/EIZ0bU9lcu
RT @JesseLehrich: CBS: Report: Trump campaign pays female staff much less	https://t.co/k5HVxhaeTA	#RNCinCLE
RT @HillaryClinton: About @realDonaldTrump's views on working women and pregnancy. https://t.co/LmUZI1J8KQ
RT @MMFlint: With all due respect to the German people, this WOULD sound better in German.
RT @HillaryClinton: Your party's official platform supports “conversion therapy,”  @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/RhgfCSNSxR
RT @DanaPerino: I want to defeat ISIS fast, too. But please tell me how and what you're willing to do.
RT @HRC: .@realDonaldTrump:Your rhetoric against LGBTQ, Muslim, Latinx &amp; others has no place in America. You are no friend to our community…
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump is right about one thing. #RNCinCLE https://t.co/oU8lr9hqMd
RT @jonfavs: Sarah Hurwitz, Michelle's head speechwriter, used to be Hillary's. So the Trump campaign plagiarized from a Hillary speechwrit…
RT @PolitiFact: NEW! Trump says before Clinton was secretary "ISIS was not even on the map." Mostly False. https://t.co/aclXHY5Bdo #RNCinCLE
RT @PolitiFact: We've fact-checked Trump 168 times as a presidential candidate: https://t.co/wwLGyiHeTc #RNCinCLE
RT @HillaryClinton: You are not our voice, @realDonaldTrump.
RT @MartinOMalley: .@realDonaldTrump couldn't even make money running a casino. Imagine what he'd do to the US economy. #IntotheGround #RNC…
RT @donnabrazile: After being caught with lying about his wife's plagiarism, now Team Trump is just piling on lies after lies after lies. #…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump is just wrong about crime. #RNCInCLE  https://t.co/fQ6T44p78q https://t.co/E3ZBPqmF5Q
RT @DavidCornDC: Flashback: Trump supported US military action in Libya. Just saying. #RNCinCLe
RT @donnabrazile: And the comma, semi colons and periods. Terrible. I'm going to need to use sage tomorrow.  https://t.co/k2gONR0jxq
RT @AriMelber: Fact check: Homicides are up a bit in Chicago, but national homicide rate remains down over past 20 years. https://t.co/Yu2I…
RT @HillaryClinton: If Trump wants to talk about debt, let’s start with the $34 trillion (that's a "t") his tax plan would run up. https://…
RT @donnabrazile: I feel bad for fact checkers. More private sector jobs created in the last six years than the Republicans added in their…
RT @donnabrazile: Trump remains a "birther." This gloomy picture is evidence that he's watched too many horror shows.   It's time he releas…
RT @HillaryClinton: Let's review the record. https://t.co/l1ntdZY9fM
RT @ChadHGriffin: .@HillaryClinton has devoted her life to fighting for those who have been knocked down. @realDonaldTrump has devoted his…
RT @HillaryClinton: .@TheEconomist ranked a Donald Trump presidency as the third greatest threat to the global economy. #RNCinCLE https://t…
RT @HillaryClinton: Follow @TheBriefing2016 tonight for live fact-checking of Donald Trump’s #RNCinCLE speech. The best facts, in fact.
RT @HillaryClinton: .@MarshaBlackburn has the best words when you're not running for president. #RNCinCLE https://t.co/iSWmSK80Bm
RT @nytimes: Donald Trump's lawyer has sent a cease-and-desist letter to the ghostwriter of "The Art of the Deal" https://t.co/LmSZ7zowOq
RT @PaulBegala: .@realDonaldTrump calls for destroying NATO, most successful military alliance in history. And it's only Thursday. https://…
RT @HillaryClinton: "You do not represent us.	Your ideas don’t represent us.	Your values don’t represent us."		Add your name: https://t.co/…
RT @brianefallon: Bar couldn't be lower for Trump tonight. But this week has already proven he is incapable of sustaining an appeal beyond…
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump is...occasionally right. #RNCinCLE	https://t.co/K0V5FdfeQq
RT @billmaher: The Real Author of "@realDonaldTrump:The Art of the Deal" @TonySchwartz	https://t.co/J1J7Qf0kEJ
RT @Slate: "The Art of the Deal" ghostwriter says Trump is a sociopath who may cause nuclear war: https://t.co/q1516ev7iI https://t.co/NICD…
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump chose one of the most anti-LGBT politicians in the country to be his Vice President. #RNCinCLE https://t.c…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Mike Pence: bigotry with a heaping side of terrible economic stewardship. https://t.co/cN57UvAnjW
RT @HillaryClinton: If you thought Donald Trump was going to pick a running mate who would appeal to moderates, think again. https://t.co/Z…
My thoughts and love go out to Penny and the whole Marshall family. Gary was funny, sweet, and just a really good guy.
RT @whalen93: @realDonaldTrump @KeithOlbermann @robreiner I smell a new Trump lawsuit #wow #DelusionalDon #idiot https://t.co/GRgrW5nK1S
Tony Schwartz tells the truth about @realDonaldTrump. Check out that whole interview https://t.co/KnqWNQjqDO
RT @realDonaldTrump: STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH	https://t.co/uzBOm21Pug
RT @JoyAnnReid: Serious question: has any news outlet seen or interviewed Meredith McIver? Asking because of the GOP candidate's history of…
RT @Lawrence: How much Republican applause would Melania Trump have gotten if she said "I've always admired First Lady Michelle Obama who s…
RT @JohnFugelsang: The Trump Organization acknowledged Melania's speech was plagiarized today; stands behind calling everyone a liar for sa…
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump says he'd run the U.S. like his businesses.		Which pretty much means letting America go bankrupt. https://t.co/2a…
RT @carlreiner: MY SON ROB'S AND MY EFFORTS TO DERAIL TRUMP HAVE BEING USURPED BY TRUMP, HIS WIFE AND HIS SUPPORTERS &amp; THEY'RE DOING A GREA…
RT @chucktodd: Why did Trump campaign allow both @PaulManafort and @seanspicer go out and say what they said if this was the story? https:/…
RT @HillaryClinton: "I will bring people together." —@realDonaldTrump		Yeah, we don't think so.	https://t.co/ckcYkBz8Tx
RT @jonfavs: Sums up his entire fraud of a campaign  https://t.co/X4d3N4HLaW
RT @HillaryClinton: "He won me over with that Mexican rapist speech." —Ann Coulter on Donald Trump https://t.co/GTNOhKYMA2
Check out @cuomo_chris. Another journalist really doing his job. Holding @DonaldTrump and his surrogates accountable.
RT @thehill: CNN anchor confronts Trump campaign chairman on the air: "You keep lying" https://t.co/n5Kuz7z3Gb https://t.co/XexjFtCoYw
So proud to be teaming up with my dad @carlreiner to keep @DonaldTrump out of WH. #StrongerTogether
RT @HillaryClinton: Not according to your anti-woman, anti-LGBT, anti-immigrant @GOP platform. #RNCinCLE https://t.co/I2W1cvyrrQ
RT @HillaryClinton: This small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his Atlantic City casino.		Trump stiffed him for the payment. ht…
RT @HillaryClinton: Lots of talk of "talent and drive" about someone who repeatedly drives his businesses into the ground. #RNCinCLE https:…
RT @HillaryClinton: If Donald Trump wants to make America great again, he should start by actually making things in America.	https://t.co/k…
RT @HillaryClinton: It's not brain surgery: Republicans tend to be a bit more truth-y when the presidency isn't on the line. #RNCinCLE http…
RT @HillaryClinton: So...what exactly did we learn tonight about Donald Trump's economic plan? #RNCinCLE	https://t.co/GI51bfHSsi
RT @HillaryClinton: If you think Chris Christie can lecture anyone on ethics, we have a bridge to sell you. https://t.co/c1nkZojJFL #RNCinC…
RT @HillaryClinton: You're too kind, @SenCapito. #RNCinCLE https://t.co/Onui0YFCNh
RT @HillaryClinton: Your potential next president doesn't think filing for bankruptcy is a bad thing.	https://t.co/90wQovS9A4
RT @GavinNewsom: #FreddieMercury https://t.co/fBZ5HghQ4W
RT @margaretcho: #MelaniaTrump knows strife, struggle and discomfort--after all she's married to a Lego https://t.co/QMjf5R8jet
RT @HillaryClinton: A small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his Atlantic City casino.		Trump stiffed him for the payment.	https…
RT @carlreiner: I feel badly that I so misjudged Trump who had the good sense to marry a woman who found a Michelke Obama speech worthy of…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Very good speech by @MichelleObama--and under great pressure--Dems should be proud!
RT @thehill: BREAKING: Melania Trump speech appears to plagiarize Michelle Obama https://t.co/QBx13mgsEx #RNCinCLE https://t.co/0jbHMaPUhD
RT @thehill: JUST IN: Melania said she wrote speech herself "with as little help as possible" https://t.co/CFgIT4XYeQ #RNCinCLE https://t.c…
RT @CapehartJ: #shade https://t.co/Lwh1oCu6C7
RT @Trish_AllDay: They are working so hard to absolve Melania Trump. But as @VanJones68 said, no one gave Michelle Obama an inch. #RNCinCLE
RT @JarrettHill: CORRECTION: Melania stole a whole graph from Michelle's speech. #GOPConvention 	WATCH: https://t.co/8BCOwXAHSy https://t.c…
RT @HillaryClinton: "Donald Trump lost control of his own convention before it even started." #RNCinCLE	https://t.co/esmsUx29iH
RT @HillaryClinton: With five million lives on the line, SCOTUS should grant DOJ's petition to rehear U.S. v. Texas. Let's keep immigrant f…
RT @HillaryClinton: Lincoln called it "terrible." FDR said he hated it.		@realDonaldTrump? "I love war."	https://t.co/oHhEojIC1z
RT @HillaryClinton: We can't let these two anywhere near the White House. https://t.co/lcvUYk0Fiy
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump: We're going to do everything we can to make sure you never become president. https://t.co/yGdMuVf89k	http…
Media please take your cue from @tamronhall. Hold Trump and his surrogates accountable. Don't just lay down and accept their lies. #backbone
RT @paulkrugman: Both Sides Now? https://t.co/tExRCYk4Mu
RT @HillaryClinton: Getting rid of gun-free school zones.	Banning Muslims entering the country.		What you need to know about Trump: https:/…
RT @rosannecash: Number 122 is my favorite.         https://t.co/Eug7n5dfZc
RT @carlreiner: WHILE WATCHING TRUMP &amp; PENCE ON CBS, i THOUGHT: WHY IN THE WIDE WORLD ARE WE CONSIDERING HAVING A CLOWN  &amp; HIS PAL AS  PRES…
RT @NormOrnstein: .@60Minutes Trump lies for the umpteenth.  time that he always opposed Iraq. Never a more blatant congenital liar running…
.@realDonaldTrump on 60 Mins. Media must hold him accountable for his garbage dump of lies.This is the presidency! Get it together!!
RT @jaketapper: Trump on Pence's Iraq war vote: 'I don't care' - https://t.co/4kGK7SPuhq https://t.co/mYM1E9Za2O
Gotta love Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma She's kickin' ass and takin' names. Shows Trump to be the fraud he is. #DefeatTrump
RT @HillaryClinton: Hillary's statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge. https://t.co/4a0MVF3025
RT @edgallekfox8: Cleveland Police union asking OH governor for temporary end to legal open carry of weapons w Republican Convention here
Want to thank followers. Passed 18K. Just a beginning but for the sake of our nation-Stay United to keep Trump out of WH. #DefeatTrump
@GavinNewsom Doing great. Loved your tweet. Gotta keep the pressure on
RT @GavinNewsom: Never forget that Mike Pence's war on women led to an HIV outbreak in Indiana that required federal intervention. https://…
RT @RawStory: MSNBC guest: Pence is the most anti-abortion VP candidate we’ve had https://t.co/VQVTCnNAEX @JoyAnnReid https://t.co/CcuYxF9J…
RT @HuffingtonPost: Mike Pence once thought a $7.25 minimum wage was too high https://t.co/Y1EpQa6Gwb https://t.co/K37Vqs3SFm
RT @thehill: Trump campaign solicits illegal foreign donations despite warnings https://t.co/PYGU73pnpy https://t.co/3iJRns99m5
RT @HFA: Barack&amp;	Hillary&amp;	You		Join the team. https://t.co/TASO2ZKn9K https://t.co/MPEMZtVtr2
RT @HillaryClinton: Your potential next president on building a wall...	 	And bathrooms.	https://t.co/SRnJ0if63D
RT @thehill: Trump campaign solicits illegal foreign donations despite warnings https://t.co/llLQepkksM https://t.co/uBGtTM8u45
RT @HillaryClinton: What kind of president do we want our kids looking up to? https://t.co/pdphHQmYCM
RT @katyperry: This is powerful because this is who the election really effects... https://t.co/JKmssPkNq1
RT @HillaryClinton: Bad for:	✔️ The economy	✔️ Women	✔️ Immigrants 	✔️ And *literally* the planet https://t.co/M0s5sQOGrd
Watching @realDonaldTrump Sickening to hear the continuous lies. We cannot let this inarticulate uninformed egotist represent America
RT @brianefallon: New Video: Indecisive Trump nearly leaves Pence at the altar https://t.co/Uhg6XDLBJR
RT @donnabrazile: “An open letter from technology sector leaders on Donald Trump’s candidacy for President” by @KatieS https://t.co/4QevbFV…
RT @HillaryClinton: If you had any doubts about Trump sticking with his dangerous plan for America, say hello to his VP pick. https://t.co/…
RT @thehill: Obama blasts Gingrich's Muslim test as "repugnant" https://t.co/aOHhGL5UHI https://t.co/La8myLujHk
RT @HillaryClinton: "Every American stands in strong solidarity with the people of France" —Hillary on the attack in Nice https://t.co/BBGg…
RT @literally_trump: In the fight to stop Donald Trump we've got a devastating tool: literally Donald Trump. Follow for a daily dose of stu…
RT @HillaryClinton: Remember: When @realDonaldTrump opens his mouth, our kids are listening.	https://t.co/pdphHQEzuk
RT @HillaryClinton: In America, we lift each other up. We build bridges, not walls. We stand together because we're stronger together.	http…
@realDonaldTrump Another of your thousands lies
Listening to Hillary speak in Illinois today made me feel so proud of what's great about our country. Hillary unites, Trump divides.
RT @JoyAnnReid: Chilling but important to know: https://t.co/1SWFWmMsWh
@JohnJHarwood @KeithOlbermann Absolutely astounding. Even for @realDonaldTrump this is beyond moronic.
RT @JohnJHarwood: Trump to O'Reilly on what he'd tell blacks citing racial bias: "even against me, the system is rigged. I can relate it ve…
RT @carlreiner: After hearing Sanders ringing endosement of Clinton,my dream of living long enuff to see our 1st woman President looks lt w…
RT @HillaryClinton: Together, let’s go win this election. https://t.co/lRSwpk9y4b
RT @mindtraps: @robreiner Woody Harrelson To Reteam With Rob Reiner For Iraq War Pic ‘Shock And Awe’ https://t.co/jOpBfIGSqr …
Democrats are united. We're with her. @realDonaldTrump experiencing unity-envy. His hateful rhetoric sows fear and drives us apart.
RT @brianefallon: The first of many doomed efforts by GOP to resuscitate email issue even after DOJ has closed its case https://t.co/BCH6jz…
RT @MotherJones: Donald Trump's casino broke a big promise to give millions to charity https://t.co/837iAZqRIa https://t.co/BbJRjtKnag
RT @HRC: .@GOP considers anti-LGBTQ provisions, including Constitutional amendment undermining marriage equality #StopTheHate https://t.co/…
RT @JohnFugelsang: NRA members are angry about the group's silence on the death of Philando Castile. https://t.co/CGB8h7Gib0 via @TheRealFu…
RT @HillaryClinton: .@realDonaldTrump says he "loves the vets."		Prisoners of war? Not so much.	https://t.co/Qq1bPW65DA
RT @JakeKPRC2: City Hall lit up in blue to support #DallasPolice. Full recap with new details about shooting on @KPRC2 Today. https://t.co/…
Trump’s Decades Of Disdain For Veterans	 https://t.co/oKSJ32yHST @realDonaldTrump shows incredible ignorance and heartlessness towards vets
RT @HillaryClinton: What does it say about a presidential candidate when he consistently showers praise on brutal dictators?	https://t.co/Y…
RT @HillaryClinton: You have a problem when a candidate looks to Saddam Hussein and Kim Jong-un as examples of good leadership. https://t.c…
RT @gjacobs228: @robreiner Wharton pens an open letter to Trump "you do not represent us." https://t.co/xxcnF0V3Qz
RT @LaurenSquires: I wish the national media was paying more attention to what's happening in #Memphis tonight. This is amazing. https://t.…
RT @amyklobuchar: Twenty-one police officers injured in St. Paul last night.  That is completely unacceptable. Justice can't be achieved th…
RT @HillaryClinton: "Hillary is not somebody who fears the future. She believes that it is ours to shape." —@POTUS https://t.co/cSAdZFNa4G
RT @HillaryClinton: "You can count on her, and how she won’t waver, and she won’t back down, and she will not quit." —@POTUS https://t.co/B…
RT @donnabrazile: With the political rhetoric as heated as it is right now, we need to remember to love and look out for each other. The al…
RT @HillaryClinton: When Donald Trump's casinos failed, hundreds of people lost their jobs, but he walked away with millions. https://t.co/…
RT @HillaryClinton: As the President has reminded us, the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice.	https://t.co/CCheO…
RT @davidaxelrod: New phase of @realDonaldTrump campaign: The Great Uniter! https://t.co/l1FQfjjhYe
@realDonaldTrump With your hate rhetoric, you do nothing to bring us together.
From the recent horrible tragedies, I feel there is hope that we can be brought together. We are interconnected. We all matter. We are one.
RT @aliciakeys: https://t.co/QvSOmsi6qi
RT @HillaryClinton: "@LorellaPraeli's story, like so many other American stories, reminds us of who we are as a people." —Hillary	https://t…
It's awful that we have to view the sane approach that Australia took to gun violence as a delusional pipe dream for America
We're all devastated by Dallas,Baton Rouge,Minn.,Orlando,Riverside,Charleston. It never stops. When do we seriously talk about gun violence?
RT @DrBubble: It feels weird to say this. But, thank you @newtgingrich for unpacking a little white #privilege w/ @VanJones68.👍✌ https://t.…
RT @StephenKing: Is it any wonder that most police support limited gun control?
RT @HillaryClinton: "In my first budget, I'll commit $1 billion to find and fund the best training programs [and] support new research." —H…
RT @HillaryClinton: We cannot, must not, vilify police officers. Remember what those officers were doing when they died. They were protecti…
RT @HillaryClinton: "Let’s ask ourselves, what can I do to stop violence and promote justice? How can I show that your life matters to me?"…
RT @HillaryClinton: "Elie Wiesel once clarified for us that 'the opposite of love is not hate—it’s indifference.' ... None of us can afford…
RT @NancyPelosi: #Dallas has touched all of us. In Dr. King's words: "Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that." https://…
RT @HillaryClinton: I mourn for the officers shot while doing their sacred duty to protect peaceful protesters, for their families &amp; all wh…
RT @davidaxelrod: If @HillaryClinton had been charged under statute that's been used once in 100 yrs, wouldn't THAT have been treating her…
RT @brianefallon: I think this was my favorite moment of the hearing. https://t.co/Kx5B4mTuc8
RT @ChadHGriffin: One month after #Orlando and @HouseGOP will take no action to curb the tide of gun violence. Shameful. https://t.co/44hqT…
RT @HillaryClinton: Alton Sterling Matters.	Philando Castile Matters.	Black Lives Matter. https://t.co/GmUFN9sDH6
RT @carlreiner: So gratifying to learn than an overwhelming percrentage of my fellow tweters feel as I do that Trump is a scarey joke,
RT @HillaryClinton: While Trump's Atlantic City casinos posted $66 million in losses, he paid himself a $5 million bonus. https://t.co/wS2R…
Watching @realDonaldTrump in Ohio. More unhinged than ever. We don't need the kind of crazy instability of this whining child in the WH.
RT @HillaryClinton: “Atlantic City was a very good cash cow for me for a long time...The money I took out of there was incredible.” —Donald…
RT @JenGranholm: No major company has filed for bankruptcy more times than Trump's casinos. #imWithHer
RT @HillaryClinton: Donald Trump's business strategy:		It's not about what you can build. It's about how much you can take.
RT @HillaryClinton: “No major company has filed Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than Trump’s casinos.” —Hillary
RT @HillaryClinton: "In America, we don’t begrudge people being successful…but we do if they get rich by destroying other people." —Hillary
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump made millions while bankrupting his businesses, laying off workers, and stiffing contractors. Here's how:	https:/…
.@realDonaldTrump blames everyone but himself for his utter failure in A.C. Along with Trump meats,water and University-a total failure.
Just saw Dana Schwartz @Lawrence. So proud of her standing up to sickening anti-semitism coming out of the @realDonaldTrump campaign.
RT @michelereiner: @DanaSchwartzzz As the daughter of a Holocaust survivor, I couldn't agree with you more. And I applaud your bravery #Nev…
RT @DanaSchwartzzz: My final thoughts on Donald Trump's anti-semitic tweet, as an employee of the Observer. https://t.co/oLDNcrhwNp
Now that email investigation is behind us, can we focus on keeping the lying, racist, misogynistic fraud @realDonadTrump out of White House
RT @JoyAnnReid: "To" their cellphone bills. :)
RT @JonHutson: Klan leader David Duke is thrilled about Trump’s anti-Semitic tweet: “We welcome the Hidden Hand” https://t.co/Z5RkZuA7Ui #h…
RT @HillaryClinton: Here's to 240 years of progress. https://t.co/rxZa7Niodt
RT @ChrisCJackson: @realDonaldTrump Sheriff's star has globes on the end and a regular star is five pointed. Oh and you FOUND IT ON A NEO-N…
.@realDonaldTrump The narcissistic, fraudulent, lying Nazi sympathizer has struck again. Want to know what corruption is? Look in the mirror
RT @HillaryClinton: Every American should have the opportunity to live up to their God-given potential.	https://t.co/GR4c76ouEn
RT @JoyAnnReid: .@mic found the source of the Clinton/Star of David image tweeted out by @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/XFTdD14Ikz
RT @HillaryClinton: We're not going to turn back the clock on progress. https://t.co/U3IZJ2lmEW
RT @Deanofcomedy: Trump tweets image depicting Clinton, cash and the Star of David https://t.co/MpM6exOIlQ
Check it out @realDonaldTrump Once a con man, always a con man. https://t.co/jeIvf5NxWu
RT @billmaher: If States are "Laboratories of Democracy" why are we wasting time replicating failed experiments?	https://t.co/uHnaw7mMOG
RT @Deanofcomedy: Radical Islam! Radical Islam! Radical Islam!  Per Trump and Ted Cruz  that should do it - we can assume ISIS was destroye…
RT @carlreiner: Feel guillty every time I pass my computer &amp; do not do what all caring citizens should do: Tweet the stuoid things that Tru…
RT @algore: Solar power is booming in the US - new installations in 2016 projected to be almost double that of last year: https://t.co/HIsS…
@realDonaldTrump Let's see the proof!!
Deep Throat said it best:Follow the money. @realDonaldTrump:Won't show taxes, doesn't give to charity,isn't self-funding. #Showusthemoney
@jlcoffeecup true
Only two possible reasons @realDonaldTrump won't release his taxes:1. He doesn't pay taxes and 2.He gives nothing to charity
RT @JoyAnnReid: Here we go... https://t.co/3BxQtQQsFv
RT @fieldproducer: This story is incredible. https://t.co/eJitAOBqKa
RT @AriMelber: Trump *said* he forgave his loans, and it was widely reported as true.	But neither FEC or campaign shows it happened https:/…
RT @ariannahuff: Wait, you mean something called “The Trump Institute” wasn’t on the up and up? https://t.co/nPE22Anzsn
.@realDonaldTrump responds to Istanbul attack: Bring back torture. Just have terrorists listen to his constant lies. #unhingedTrump
RT @finneyk: JUST SAYIN': Donald Trump Had a Very Different Message About Trade Before He Ran For President | TIME https://t.co/xOhUz3ovCh
RT @GeorgeTakei: Of all the terrible and despicable things Trump has said... https://t.co/unxbzXVOkx https://t.co/dwX36vHI0r
RT @algore: Sweden should champion the spirit of the Paris Agreement by working with Germany to keep coal in the ground &amp; promote clean ene…
Today's SCOTUS ruling makes it clear. @realDonaldTrump says women should be punished for abortion. We need Hillary. #Trumpunhinged
RT @lenadunham: VERY important https://t.co/WhDxfsygOx
.@realDonaldTrump promised his golf course would bring jobs to Scotland. The snake oil salesman lies again. #mentallyunhinged
RT @MiaFarrow: Nice GIF https://t.co/HFYw87xpzL
RT @HillaryClinton: LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptance—not bullying and violence. https://t.co/3ICu66…
RT @AlbertBrooks: British Pound falls 10%. Millions financially hurt. Trump  says, "It's a good thing. More people can come to my club."
The pound hits a 30 yr. low and @realDonaldTrump celebrates. As long as he makes more money. #makeDonaldrichagain
RT @Sen_JoeManchin: Next Wednesday I'm hosting a special viewing of @robreiner new film 'Being Charlie'. I hope you can join Rob &amp; I! https…
.@repjohnlewis and the House Democrats are heroes tonight.#NoBillNoBreak
If @realDonaldTrump is so hell bent on making America great, how come he pays 0% in taxes to support our police and military? #taxreturns
RT @FZelkowitz: @robreiner To expand on your statement on Trump financials, the list of "Trump" recipients is large, incl. children. https:…
If @realDonaldTrump is so great at handling money, how come he's broke? Claims to be self-funding, but has only loaned to his campaign
.@realDonaldTrump is simply an embarrassment to our country. Can we finally dismiss this unstable egotist and focus on our real challenges?
General public now sees @realDonaldTrump for what he is: mentally unfit for the presidency. The choice couldn't be clearer. #I'm with her
RT @Sen_JoeManchin: I'll be on @Morning_Joe at 7:20 a.m. talking with @morningmika and @JoeNBC. Tune into @MSNBC if you can.
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are showing us what a real American President looks like. @realDonaldTrump is the furthest thing from it.
President Obama just checkmated @realDonaldTrump. The lying racist needs to pack up and go home. #NeverTrump
.@realDonaldTrump assaults democracy Banning https://t.co/bMqvoUclQz&amp;other media denies 1st amendment #FacistTrump
Implying that President Obama is in league with terrorists @realDonaldTrump is beyond disgusting. He's a lying narcissistic fascist
Trump's ignorance is astounding This lying narcissist has no capacity to understand complexity Banning all Muslims will just fuel hatred
Idiotically doubling down on Muslim ban @realDonaldTrump shows astounding ignorance. The shooter was American #NeverTrump
Worst tragic mass shooting in US history and@realDonaldTrump tweets about himself #mentallyillnarcissistTrump
If you want to know what a lying, cheating, fraud @realDonaldTrump  is, check out this article. - https://t.co/6QPrLlnXOv #failedbusinessman
@realDonaldtrump stiffs his workers cheats his contractors sues his employees-Enough is enough. Stop this lying fraud #deadbeatDonald
@realDonaldTrump Your comments about Judge Curiel were not misconstrued. Racism is racism. #TrumpLiesAgain
RT @Lawrence: .@TrueRobReiner Rob Reiner masters the form in his very first tweet.
Now let's all make sure the most qualified person ever to run for president makes it to the White House. Go Hillary! #HistoryMade
Donald Trump is a narcissistic, misogynistic racist. He's a pathological liar. We can't let him anywhere near the White House #UnhingedTrump