@PalmerReport Yes!
@MSNBC @TheRevAl Kanye is offering us empowerment and freedom as opposed to victimhood and servitude. Only 2 percent of Black folks worldwide get this spiritual message - I am one of them probably because Kanye and I share the same birthday, June 8th. He's 	an excellent brutha.
@washingtonpost Why can't what Kanye West is saying be real?	Why must everyone in the United States hate 	Donald Trump? If you don't like Trump, fine-	But don't stop Kanye from liking Trump
Never believe a limping dog or the tears of a woman - Mexican movie.
From the moment we could talk we were ordered to listen and 	the word NO was tediously introduced into our vocabulary.	The world is yours, you're welcome.
The progress in North Korea is because of 	@realDonaldTrump the President deserves 	full credit and, why he isn't tweeting this is 	a complete mystery to me.
@cnni This is the real truth... South Korea is right #ForeignMinister
Everyone has the answer - Bob Marley.
@EmmanuelMacron @repjohnlewis Emman Macron is taking the soft sale to a whole 	other level - a very humane, clever politician. Love 	President Emmanuel Macron, he shares same 	name with Jesus. Come over to Chicago and, help us
Chance and Kanye are both right, love them. Both are from Chicago - my son, Monster Mike, rapper, went to high school with Chance and, Kanye and I share same birthday, June 8th. And we're all of Chicago stock. Anyone can love or oppose Trump and, we all don't have to be Dems.
@nypost Starring? That's it? I wanna put ma face in it... get a lil 	closer, don't be shy, get a lil closer, Arid Solid Extra Dry-
@SwanWhisperr @MSNBC No. I implied nothing... I merely rendered a statement based on 	where I felt the story is headed, that's all. What is your feeling, Jan?
@MSNBC At the day's end-	Stormy Daniels is a porn star	And President Trump was wrong.	Making Stormy into Mary Magdalene 	advances nothing.
At the days end-	Stormy Daniels is a porn star	And President Trump was wrong	Making Stormy into a 	Mary Magdalene 	Advances nothing
@MSNBC Mike Avenatti is so forward leaning that it's brimming with cool.	There has never been any attorney in the entire history of this 	United States that is this media savvy. Mr. Avenatti is the 	epitome, quintessence of cool. As Prince said in Sexy MF: I like it, 	I like it.
@washingtonpost I prefer George W and, Dollar Bill.	These two are very straight up dudes.	Clinton is as slick as hell and, George 	is a very good guy that has no clue 	what's going on. With George and 	Bill, you know exactly whatchu got.	The others I don't even wanna 	touch with a 10 foot pole
Raphael, Botticelli, Titian, Mantegna, El Greco - Renaissance Painting? Perfectimo! https://t.co/2AfeqWq0q4
@businessinsider With that charmer ring, does she look like a lawyer to you?
@MSNBC President Trump is playing you big time. He misspelt counsel twice in this tweet so that you write and talk about it and, as you do, it reaches millions more. This is not the first time he misspelt counsel in a post. The press is not catching on.
@thehighsign A raw evidence of a picture speaking more than a thousand words.
@MSNBC @NBCNewsTHINK Jim Comey is beginning to sound like Kanye West. Jim went to Law School at the University of Chicago - Kanye is from Chicago and, Kanye and Frank Lloyd Wright and I all share the same birthday, June 8th. Kanye drops an album with Kid Cudi, June 8th. I want a copy for ma bday.
Everyone wants to be like Mike. But for LeBron James to be like Mike, he has to beat this present Golden State team. This is his only test because, he has accomplished everything else. It's really as simple as that.
The President is opening up so many fronts, he's at 	war with everybody and, I don't see how this helps him.
@kanyewest Hey bruh - that's a great birthday gift for me - send it 	to me. And thanks for saving Chicago. God bless you
.		Two types of people in the world-	Those who want to know and, those 	who want to believe. Believe nothing-		.
@MSNBC @SenBobCorker We're all fooled by randomness.
@politico Anyone who believes he has all the answers is fulla shit #quoteme
Higher Loyalty: A Comedy by James Comey - Starring DJ Trump.
@MSNBC @MaddowBlog Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that - sweet tweet.		A Higher Loyalty: A Comedy by James Comey - Starring Donald J. Trump.
@MSNBC Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that... born at night but, not last night - there are no children here. Trump is tough on North Korea but, soft on Russia - baby soft.
@washingtonpost Plato said, "No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death," Jim Comey is a damn good man and, so is Kanye West. The problem of man is this: whatever he can't understand, he destroys. Get this - nothing vitiates the spirit of a good man.
@washingtonpost Kanye is a natural born genius. He's the greatest of them all.	Good heart, super bright, gifted beyond measure. He's grossly	misunderstood as were Prince, Allen Iverson.	I get Kanye - he/Frank Lloyd Wright/myself all share 	the same birthday, June 8th. He's a great brutha-
@jasonderulo That all depends. If she's a model... a lil bit longer - 3 minutes, say.
Cool https://t.co/Mq5dkkSE9Y
@MSNBC Andrew is running scared and, it's gonna come bite him in the ass. He shouldn't cave in. He should take the fight to Cynthia and, expose her for the political neophyte that she is - this is the ONLY way for Gov. Cuomo to win this fight.
@politico I believe Nikki... fine ass chick, hot like hell - brains to boot.
Love him, hate him - President Trump deserves credit for opening up North Korea and, he did it his own way. And, through it all, he negotiated from strength. He refused to get played like the other presidents before him. Nixon opened up China, Trump opened up North Korea #Truth
@realDonaldTrump President Donald Trump deserves credit for opening up North Korea. Presidents from FDR through Obama couldn't do it. Nixon opened up China, Trump opened up North Korea - all the other presidents before him got played, including Clinton and Obama. Truth is true - truly, truly.
@MSNBC @NBCNewsTHINK @maddow For Trump, the best natural expedient isn't impeachment nor is it fair. The ballot box is the row to how for, the map is not the territory. Impeachment is the map and, the territory is the reality and, that reality can also be perception. Trump is a slugger, impeachment won't do
Sweet Tweet... Spring. https://t.co/bpMtHzhfVZ
@TheDailyShow @EricHolder Eric Holder wants to run for president... 	There is a huge difference between working 	for Obama and, being Obama. Mr. Holder 	is a great man but, Mr. Holder is not a 	presidential timber nor is Biden. Love 	The Daily Show with the African guy, tho
Love the City https://t.co/GaROahDo3Y
Sweet tweet. https://t.co/yoxKHH1WQt
@TPM @joshtpm This guy went to Law School at the University of Chicago. That school is at Hyde Park right next to the hood. Jim Comey knows a thing or two bout slugging.	News people and reporters are busy critiquing and criticizing Jim, Jim is simple 	demonstrating that he can't be bullied.
Did President Obama screw Bernie Sanders	 out of the Dem nomination in 16? Just asking
Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that. Sweet tweet https://t.co/0D3RsP672Y
@nypost That's a beautiful thing. And, what will that workforce look like?
@cnni Colin Powell said the same thing when he support Obama and, conservatives and the GOP establishment threw him under the bus saying that he endorsed Obama because he was black. Is he?
@kanyewest Kanye said he was a genius and, everybody laughed. Well, these sweet tweets are beyond profound and, proves Kanye's genius. Frank Lloyd Wright, Kanye West and, I all share the same birthday - June 8th. Now, does that make me a genius as well? I answer: Heck yeah! It's Chicago yo
While Mr. Trump is busy with his self inflicted problems, Mike 	Pence is quieting establishing himself and running for POTUS.
Sweet tweet- https://t.co/E7NR6mElC9
@douglasi Man is a soul, lives in his head, knows not he has a heart - the heart is the seat of the soul. Purpose is deep in the heart of the soul of man. If you live in your hear and, know you're a soul then, all things are possible. The map is not the territory - the territory is reality
@PigHeart71 @MSNBC Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that... I don't wanna lie. This involves security agencies.
@MSNBC I agree with President Trump on this... that damn sketch looks like me and, I am Black and have never been to Vegas my entire life.
@MSNBC @LesterHoltNBC Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that. He's not helping his case but, only selling Comey's book. Comey talked about Trump's presidency being mob like and ego driven - these sweet tweets outta the White House only strengthen Comey's case and book sales - the map is not the territory.
Love it- https://t.co/DeamjHipo6
@katearoni2 @yashar @darth Is it at all possible to borrow your dog for just an hour?
Pink https://t.co/4DMEqE55Q2
@PaulBegala Maybe, he wants to be president but, can't. 	This is probably his way of being or acting 	like president or both.
@NYMag @jonathanchait Is Mitch setting Donald up for a fall?	I don't know, do you? Just thinking 	outside the box. Also, Trump can 	fire Mueller and, nothing will happen.	Trump ain't Nixon - he's got game, rap 	and, he understands people, ratings.		And-		He 		Knows the PR game.
@Inezkelley @Toure Inez - Obama won the #NobelPeace prematurely. He couldn't believe it himself. That award helped the Nobel Foundation more than it did Obama. Same thing happened to B. Dylan - he won as a poet not as a songwriter, confusing. Nobel people were more in it for themselves. Kobe, same
@larrykim Steve knew himself and his values - himself and values are one thing: getting what he wanted. He saw himself as a system and, the person he is marketing to as a system - that makes up the ecosystem, symbiotic relationship. He knew he was a soul, lived in his heart, used his mind
Hahahahaha, I laugh and I like that. Sweet tweet. https://t.co/L5RK5hUl09
@NYMag Hahahahaha, I laugh and I like that... please stop
@thinkprogress If Trump fires Mueller, nothing will happen. 	Trump is a lot like Obama in that the people 	that love them love them to death hence, they 	get away with a lot because, nothing sticks on 		THEM. 		Things have a way of melting off their 	skin and, dissolving into the thin 		AIR
@businessinsider The issue isn't dropping outta college but, rather which college did you drop out of? Gates and Zuckerberg dropped outta Harvard. Steve Jobs dropped outta Reed College. These are not city colleges in Pulaski Tennessee.
@Morning_Joe @MichaelAvenatti All of success is two fold: who you marry, hire. Every since Stormy hired Michael Avenatti, she became a hero and girl next door. St. Stormy's is the greatest transformation since Saul of Tarsus and Malcolm X. Avenatti is beating the POTUS and Trump at PR. Who coulda thunk it?
@lawjobs @ChrisBatz Hahahahaha, I laugh and I like that-	So lawyering and sales and marketing 	are all one and the same? Then, why all 	the schooling and student loans?
@MSNBC @maddow Progressives and liberals should not gloat because, Trump and the GOP are facing difficulties right now - that is bad politics that does not help America. The object is to get together not polarize. Look at Gorsuch at the Court today. Just so you know, I'm not of GOP.
A good thang https://t.co/RMLZRDiipA
@MSNBC @DrJasonJohnson @TheRoot Looking back, this saga at Starbucks is a good thing... I can speak on this because, I am Black and, as a matter of fact, anyone for that matter can speak about this without guilting himself to death. At least right now the racial situation at Starbucks is no longer subconscious.
@Inezkelley @Toure I didn't say they weren't qualified.
@Toure Indeed, prizes are now pursuing celebrities. It used to be that you gotta be strong to survive as in survival of the fittest but, now it's like you gotta be a celeb to live. First Obama won #NobelPeace prematurely and, Kobe won the Oscar - Bob Dylan's #NobelLit? Funny shit, no?
@ElDon78 Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that... thats a different program entirely
Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that https://t.co/lfZKTxtJRe
True https://t.co/nxz1gNAkS5
Love London https://t.co/pv4vFmZBd7
@businessinsider Gorsuch knows his purpose at the Court, which is the same as our life's purpose. Our purpose here is to be happy and to feel and share joy. The easiest way to attain that purpose is to know we're souls and to live in our hearts. Gorsuch lives in his heart and, voted for happiness
@BruceVH Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that. Here's our purpose here: to be happy and to feel and share joy. The easiest way to accomplish this purpose is to know that you're a soul and to live in your heart. Most folks live in their heads.
@BuzzFeed @BuzzFeedBen Jordan is now too successful to be doing this old show. Jordan doing Obama these days is as funny and refreshing as Alec Baldwin doing Trump on SNL
Hawa- https://t.co/b8SRXbkcnI
@washingtonpost When you have a White House that puts deals and spins and PR over people, this is what happens - Us Against Them becomes the order of the day and, it's a damn shame.
First, Kobe won the Oscar and, it made news. Now Kendrick has won the Pulitzer and, it's making news. Survival of the fittest no longer means you've to be strong to survive - it means you have to be a celebrity to achieve. Remember, Obama won the #NobelPeacePrize prematurely.
Great news https://t.co/X3D4XQZs86
Success depends on who you marry and who you hire because, they become part of your soul. Stormy Daniels hired the #GreatestAttorney in the world. Ever since Michael Avenatti came on board, he has put everyone on the defensive including the POTUS. Who coulda thunk it?
@joeycmiller @rodimusprime Thank you-
#hilarious https://t.co/cH8a2OKCtX
@PalmerReport Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that #hilarious
Is it just me or is Jeff Bezos the best dressed CEO in the United States of America? The guy dresses like an architect. He really has a good sense of fashion #fashionista Please retweet
@businessinsider Is it just me or is Jeff Besoz the best dressed CEO in the United States of America? The guy dresses like an architect. He really has a good sense of fashion #fashionista
@MSNBC Michael Cohen seems to be enjoying his new found 	fame - he now walks with a swagger and, thinks he's Italian.
Michael Cohen seems to be enjoying his new found 	fame. He walks with a swagger and, thinks he's Italian.
@MSNBC Aren't we overreaching here? How come Stormy is suddenly a spokesperson, role model? What's next for Stormy? Endorse the NRA? What's the world coming to?
@HuffPost If Mike Cohen is such a fixer, how come he didn't 	get named Treasury Secretary to fix the economy?
Renaissance man, truly. https://t.co/7dwtaV5jTg
@businessinsider Elon is the renaissance man, totally.
@CNBC Mark Cuban is dead wrong. It's at the juncture where passion meets and marries competence that genius happens. If you're not doing what you love, you'll never be successful no matter how much money you have. Why? Because, you're operating outside of your soul. How happy is Mark?
"I smoked but I didn't inhale," sounds familiar? https://t.co/zTE776pCIC
@MSNBC Why is Sean denying that Cohen provided him legal counsel? Just the other day, Mark Zuckerberg owned Facebook's responsibility, said it was his mistake and, apologized. JFK did the same thing some 50 years ago. Sean ounds like Clinton: "I smoked but I didn't inhale."
@washingtonpost Nikki in the sky with diamond 	https://t.co/iDU7oZqgCU
Yep! https://t.co/yqoaDU3I2X
@Tribeca If you know you're a soul and, live in your heart then it takes nothing to make a fool of yourself because, you're at play. Charlie knew he was a soul and, lived in his heart center - most men live in their heads and, forget they have a body - this is the definition of confusion.
The oak sleeps in the acorn, the bird waits in the egg, 	and in the highest vision of the Soul, a waking Angel stirs.	 - James Allen.
@washingtonpost @paulwaldman1 Reporters and news and TV people are busy critiquing and criticizing Comey... they'll never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity. It matters not what Comey is. What Comey isn't is president. It's Trump that's prez. Comey is but an ex-FBI Director. Get it right people.
There goes the neighborhood https://t.co/fayn7djZgS
@rodimusprime Different things affect different people in different way #hypocrisy... human beings are complicated. Man's a soul but, lives in his mind and, forgets he has a heart, body. Reminds me of Achebe's Things Fall Apart - "the center cannot hold, mere anarchy is loosed upon the world."
@eorden If you ask me, Stormy Daniels is a distraction, sideshow #enoughAlready
Wawa @eorden https://t.co/aRwPWmKZRj
@eorden Three is Company, All in the Family
Well... @ryanbeckwith https://t.co/WGgCec0xDj
@ryanbeckwith Hahahahaha, I laugh and I like that
Hawa- https://t.co/jA4DhD6Pak
Will do @VP https://t.co/BIQmXcfOCB
Without an intention, there is no creation. 	It's intention that makes creation instinctual.	And to create perfectly, you must enter your		SOUL. It's in the soul that the rubber meets 	the PAVEMENT #soulobsession
.		Reporters and TV people are busy critiquing and criticizing Jim Comey and missing the big picture - news people will never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity. It's Trump that's president. Comey is but an ex-FBI Director. Please retweet.		.
Sweet tweet @davechensky https://t.co/Ybvl7vPnZJ
@davechensky @LarsenOnFilm @replyall @onthemedia @today_explained @NextPicturePod @deathsexmoney For sure, love it, love those.
They came from the blue sky @techinsider https://t.co/m7ssidtWxq
@techinsider @businessinsider Nah, come now... most jeans are blue because, they came from heaven, blue skies.
@AIM9LM @ChuckRossDC @ryanbeckwith 😀
.		Enter your soul and, God is there 	for, each heart is its own church. All 	else is a long story. Please retweet.		.
@garyvee If you want to win, enter your soul and, creativity will pour into your heart. The heart is the seat of the soul and, man is a soul. Man lives in his head and, forgets he has a heart. Bob Marley: "Don't gain the world and, lose your soul. Wisdom is better than silver or gold."
Yes, apples to apples. https://t.co/ko3j98vM6z
@ChuckRossDC @ryanbeckwith Reporters are making the same mistake with Comey.	They're busy critiquing and criticizing Comey and, 	missing the big picture - it's Trump that's the 	president, Comey is but an ex-FBI director.		Apples to apples.
If you want to win, enter your soul 	and, creativity will pour into your heart.		Please retweet.
@garyvee Success is in our souls but, man lives in his head and, knows not that he has a heart and body - the heart is the seat of the soul. If you enter your soul, creativity pours into ya heart "Don't gain the world and, lose your soul. Wisdom is better than silver or gold" - Bob Marley
Fab- https://t.co/qpAuBRAaAn
Wow- https://t.co/Fvop15ELHE
Hahahahaha, I laugh and I like that- https://t.co/Lrvh4gL2ac
@kanyewest Man has forgotten that he is a soul because, he lives in his head and knows not that he has a body and heart - the heart is the seat of the soul. But, when man recognizes not that he's a soul, he fall's apart and, 'mere anarchy is loosed upon the world.' Sweet tweet-
@kanyewest #soulobsession
@HotlineJosh I really don't think so. Comey came to play. He is demonstrating rather clearly in the open sphere that he cannot be bullied. Comey went to Law School at the University of Chicago... he's from the south side. Comey is loudly screaming: don't mess with me!
Hahahahaha, I laugh and I like that- https://t.co/3hWGupAXul
Choose rather to be strong of soul 	 - Pythagoras.	Please retweet
@Options_Edu Aww
@businessinsider @tyrabanks This is an old tired narrative that Tyra is pushing.	She was never a thin model. She was never as thin 	as all the other girls. Yes, the industry constantly 	exploited young girls and, got them hooked on 	one shit or the other. But, Tyra is making 	it a whole other thing. Shame-
Hahahahaha, I laugh and I like that. https://t.co/ReCOU2Dpk0
@RightWingAngel Statements like this and tweets from Trump only make Comey's book a bestseller. Trump and the RNC have only succeeded in making an average book the #1bestseller this is most unfortunate.
@marthamaccallum Hillary Clinton is as stale as a three day old oatmeal - old news. Tis best 	to focus on Trump and Comey. That's a darn good show right now.
@PaulBegala They're actually very similar - both are very intelligent, measured, low key, reserved and, highly detail minded. Nothing is blowhard about these two. The only difference is that because, Mueller came from money and, is a very skilled politician, is more methodical, refined.
But, of course- https://t.co/2iKh635mdH
Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that https://t.co/qQwvTYwPsR
President Trump has proven to be a great #PR for Comey's book.	President Trump has turned out to be a gift that keeps on giving.	President Donald Trump is a great boon for Comey's book
Any single statement President Trump utters on Comey sells at least 1000 copies of Comey's new book. With the tweets from Trump, Comey's publishers don't have to spend a single dime on advertising this book. Trump is advertising the hell out of Comey's book. Pls retweet
Comey cannot defeat Trump in the PR game. Trump is a seasoned generallisimo. He has experience. Comey is a Johnny come lately. Please quote me everywhere and please retweet.
Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that https://t.co/RREeTBnDhF
@BruceVH This whole world begins and ends with the soul. The soul is the center and circumference of life itself - all the answers and everything that ails man are within his soul but, he knows not that he is a soul because, he lives in his head and has forgotten that he has a heart, body
@politico Clint Eastwood said, a man's got to know his limitations.	Firing Mueller or Rosenstein presents a HUGE political 	risk that even Trump cannot bare.
Sad- https://t.co/9cxI67lL2d
If you're doing what everyone else	is doing you're dropping the ball.	Please retweet.
You'll like it. Please retweet. https://t.co/A07BuMqgi4
Yes, indeed! https://t.co/BYLdkptNDw
@NateSilver538 True words @NateSilver538 true words, indeed.
Nice- https://t.co/O3xRxaSjen
@HuffPost .		Stormy and Karen will make in roads but, nothing in this candid world will topple Trump. Only Trump can topple Trump because, Trump's a huge PR machine. He 	can get away with #MissionAccomplished because, he's got game and rap.		And, he knows ratings.		.
@LaraHBalazs .		Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that... I'm lovin' it.		.
@CNBC .		Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that-		This is the story of my life. Please tell 	me something that I don't already know.		.
Wow https://t.co/bMEGM6yWzo
Ben Affleck, most definitely #Taylormade. https://t.co/zFoOc6VMCr
Indeed! https://t.co/T2B64jpjbb
.		Trump can use #MissionAccomplished 	any day because he's got rap and game. 	Bush ain't got game nor rap. Trump can get 	away with a lot. That's the difference.		.
Yes! https://t.co/wLVm957DgT
@igornaming .		Without the soul, there is no magic, creativity. All creativity comes from the heart because, the heart is the seat of the soul. Man does not know he is a soul because, he lives in his head and, has forgotten he has a heart and body. To succed, we must enter the soul.		.
@BillKristol @FilmmakerMag The easiest way to succeed in politics is to enter your own soul and operate from there. Trump is blessed with the temerity, audacity, exuberance and, gaiety to be himself. This isn't the best way to be human but, it works for him. He loves chaos and, chaos loves him.
@NYMag She's a helluva woman. I wish her well.	Great she lived to see her kids prosper.
Wishing her well- https://t.co/5HuJC5c3RX
@NancyPelosi What I love about Barbara is that she is so genuine. I've seen her interrupt her husband severally in a lie during interviews. She is so straight and politically incorrect that it's totally endearing. She's a gift of the spirit. wholly. I wish her well.
RT @blueapron: We partnered with @Airbnb! 6 recipes 🍽, 6 countries 🌏, no flights required ✈️. We want to bring the world's best home cookin…
@blueapron @Airbnb Excellent. I am an excellent cook for Nigerian food.
@stephenkb @dsquareddigest Our world lacks warmth. Kindness and compassion are on an eternal vacation. Man no longer sees himself as a soul. He lives in his head and, forgets that he has a heart and body - man's heart is the seat of his soul. I feel, therefore, I am. Touch a heart, embrace a soul, today.
I love, appreciate and, respect myself #soulobsession
@PaulBegala .		It's temerity, Paul. Like him, hate him, he's got watermelons and, he doesn't give a shit - that's why he's bloody refreshing. Only he does what he does in the entire history of politics in this country or the candid world for that mater.		.
@charliekirk11 .		If Nikki runs for president, they will	tear her apart like a good Giordanos 	pizza. Remember Jeb Bush? He looked 	good on paper as well.		.
@politico 1. He wants to go make money	2. He's reading to run for POTUS	3. Or both.
@BruceVH Soul. Worth. Belief - if you're aware that you're a soul and that you're worthy and you fully believe then, the world is yours. People fail because, they know nothing about the soul, don't feel worthy and, do not believe. The entire teachings of Christ is based on belief.
@MSNBC @TheRevAl .		Biden should not run for president. He's a yesterday candidate, recycled material. He's running only because he believes Trump is vulnerable. He has nothing to give to the American people nor can he relate to millennials. He should pack it in.		.
.		Rejoice always, pray without ceasing, 	give thanks in all circumstances; for this	is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you.	 - Paul.		.
@ChrisCuomo Paul was probably the most emotional of all of the apostles but, because he was cerebral, we see him solely as an evangelical intellectual. In his pray without ceasing, he meant: know that you're a soul and, dwell therein, exclusively. He's still my favorite.
@definition_org If a politician has a soul and, speaks from his heart - I care not how much money he makes. Politicians today sell their souls to the highest bidder. Bob Marley said: "Don't gain the world and, lose your soul. Wisdom is better than silver or gold," now that's inspiration.
@thinkprogress The President is unintentionally selling Comey's new book in the thousands. Without knowing it, he is making an average book a bestseller. If I were Trump, I would ignore Comey altogether. Anything the President says about Comey right now helps his book sales. Period.
@cnni .		President Trump is increasing Comey's income 	because, he is amplifying the sales of Comey's 	book. Anything he says increases awareness 	and sales of Comey's book - any publicity is 	good publicity.		.
@O_Magazine @GreenBiotechie Enter deep into your spirit, know you're a soul. Man lives in his head forgetting that he has a heart and body. The heart is the seat of the soul, peace and, all righteousness. "Don't gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold." - Bob Marley.
@MSNBC .		The chances of Cohen ratting on Trump is nil 	because, a presidential pardon awaits him at 	the end of his fortuity. He and Trump go way 	BACK. It's as simple as that.		.
@KellyO @VP @nikkihaley @PressSec I honestly don't see how all the bombings and killings helps anyone. Man is in turmoil because, he knows not that he is a soul. He lives in his head and, does not know that he has a heart and a body. The heart is the seat of the soul, peace and, righteousness. #soulobsession
@Slate The entire teachings of Christ boils down to one world, belief. Kaep is one guy who stood up for what he believes in and, made this whole world proud. And, when all is said and done, Kaep will be the one guy standing as the greatest sports man of all time - like Muhammad Ali.
@BruceVH True words. When we're happy, we feel sexy. And when we feel sexy, we can accomplish anything. More important than happiness is peace for, when we're at peace, we're operating from the soul center. We're souls with a body and heart. The heart is the seat of the soul.
@MSNBC .		Trump's a PR machine - he believes that it's more important to give the perception that he's doing the right thing than actually doing the right thing. He's from the Apprentice and, he understands ratings. Unfortunately, his detractors don't which explains why he's ahead.		.
@cnni Bush's "Mission Accomplished," declaration may have been tone deaf but, Trump's isn't. For one thing, Trump's entry into Syria is just besides, Trump has that outlandish temerity to assert himself in any dialogue - as well, he has the audacity to out talk everybody. Trump's it.
@BruceVH @TheZigZiglar The soul's where it's at. Man does not know he is a soul nor does he know he has one. He lives in his head and, forgets that he has a body and heart. The heart is the seat of the soul - "Don't gain the world and, lose your soul. Wisdom is better than silver or gold." - Bob Marley
@SenatorTimScott .		Too much killing in this world on all sides.	Man  does not know that he is a soul - he 	lives in his head and, does not know that he 	has a heart, body. Man's heart is the seat of 	his soul. When must realize that we're souls.		#soulobsession #soulconnection #soulblogger		.
.		The world is afraid of I Love You. Don't emulate the world. The crowd is wrong because, it is led. "Don't gain the world and, lose your soul. Wisdom is better than silver or gold." - Bob Marley 	#soulobsession #soulconnection		Follow me and I will make you fishers of men.	.
.		Understand me.	I'm not like an ordinary world	I have my madness,	I live in another dimension	and I don't have time for things 	that have no soul.		 - Charles Bukowski.		#soulobsession #soulconnection #soulblogger		Follow me and I will make you fishers of men.		.
.		“When you do things from your soul, you 	feel a river moving in you, a joy.” - Rumi.		#soulobsession #soulconnection #soulblogger		Follow me and I will make you fishers of men.		.
@BruceVH .		No. Success is a choice or decision or both.	Just choose or decide and, it's done. It's the 	ego that deliberates. Your higher self - the 	Holy Spirit, which is what you are chooses, 	decides and, moves on without reservations.		.
Do not feel lonely, the entire Universe is inside you - Rumi.
.		The wound is where the Light enters your soul - Anonymous.	#soulobsession #soulconnection #soulblogger		Follow me and I will make you fishers of men.		.
.		Wherever you stand, be the soul of that place - Rumi.	#soulobsesion #soulconnection #soulfood.		.
I fell in love the way you touched me without your hands - Hplyricz.	#soulobsession #soulconnection
.		Don't be eye candy, be soul food.	#soulobsession #soulconnection		Follow me and I will make you fishers of men.		.
Follow your soul, it knows the way #soulobsession
.		Because of great love, one is courageous - Lao Tzu. #soulobsession		Follow me and I will make you fishers of men.		.
In all things, give thanks. Happy weekend. God bless you.
I simply believe that some part of the human Self or Soul is not subject to the laws of space and time.  ~Carl Jung
RT @lisamurkowski: With the National Cherry Blossom Festival Parade just days away, #TBT to when I was Cherry Blossom Princess. https://t.c…
.		Whatever is done from the mind almost always remains limited. But, whatever is built out of the heart/soul/spirit remains larger than life.		Love, courage, kindness, faith, belief, fairness for example #soulobsession		.
.		The greatest lie: customer focus, customer outcome, customer is always right, customer obsession. They only care for the customer's business. Never trust any executive who does everything for the customer while paying his workers peanuts. Go into your soul #soulobsession		.
.		You are the expert. There is no chivalry coming over the hill for, you're the man on the horse. And you're in the one soul of the universe - THE SOUL IS WHAT YOU'RE. The question remains: what do you want to be/do/have. The world is yours. Look inside your soul baby.		.
.		The sincerest and realest aspect of your being	 is your soul because, you are spirit with a body. 	But, you're not the body - you're a soul. 	Positive vibration, 24/7		.
There is something you came here to be an do, why aren't you on it?
RT @3020lys: ♥삶을 멋지게 살기로 했으면 기쁘고 즐겁게 사는 게 백번 낫다. 구사일생으로 살아난 내가 원망할 것이 뭐가 있겠는가. 인생이란 그저 태어나고 살아가는 것이니까. 태어났으면 멋지게 사는 거다. . . -죽거나, 멋지게 살거나 中
RT @Moneyish: A Hollywood producer tells Moneyish why she created a female-run movie review site https://t.co/LvlGckLZZZ
RT @businessinsider: America's big-hitting heavyweight is set to reject a $12.5 million contract to fight Anthony Joshua after calling him…
RT @Mandy88w: #motherlove https://t.co/IaB29Z8lPD
.	Central to the teachings of Christ are love, belief, faith - these are heart stuff. The mind cannot accomplish a whole lot. Descartes said: I think, therefore, I am. He was wrong. He should have said - I feel, therefore, I am. Women live in their hearts, they're superior.		.
.		Surrender is the solution to whatever ails you. Surrender and die to your soul. Allow the peace and light of your soul to enter into every area of your struggle. Give up control and all fear of being out of control. Hug your soul, put your right palm over your heart, breathe.
.		Without our passion in life it's very hard to find our place in the sun.		Follow me @gqokeke and I will make you fishers of men.		.
.		It is with the soul that the eye can see rightly.	The eye by itself is blind and sees only vain things		Follow me @gqokeke and I will make you fishers of men.		.
.		Hear all you can hear with your ears right now. Focus in on the sensations happening inside your body. See all that is available for you to see wherever you're. As you do, two things will happen: you'll have no thoughts nor fears. This is being in the presence of the soul.		.
.		“Whatever satisfies the soul is truth.” - Walt Whitman.		Follow me @gqokeke and I will make you fishers of men.		.
.		Success has nothing to do with your mind. Success has everything to do with your heart and soul - emotion, you feel your way into successes. Everything you know and believe about yourself is false because, you are not your personality. YOU'RE A SOUL #soulconnection		.
Descartes said: I think, therefore, I am. He destroyed the modern world with his statement. That single sentence made robots of men. Men started living in their heads and, forgot they had bodies. He should have said: I feel, therefore, I am. Man's a soul and, his mind's a tool.
We must alert America that the mind can no longer accomplish much. It never did. The soul is all and, it's at the heart and soul that life meets. The companies that will win today and tomorrow are not companies of great cultures, they're companies of great souls #soulconnection
.		Ask these of yourself: What do I want? Why do I want it? Do I feel deserving of it? Do I feel worthy that I'm good enough to have it? Do I believe I can receive it? Have I taken ownership of it? Did I give thanks? Am I grateful? Do I trust the process? #soulconnection		.
.		It's no longer positive attitude and perseverance and hard work that guarantee success. Try intention/passion/competence/scalability. Forget not that dead end jobbers work very hard. Where did that get them? Look 	into your own soul for solutions. You got the power.		.
Nigeria's presidential elections is about freedom or bondage. GEJ is Freedom. Buhari is bondage.
Jonathan is a leader; Buhari is a ruler. 	A ruler is a dictator. A leader is a democrat.
Ebele Azikiwe is our man, 24/7
Seek not outside yourself, ACIM
'Tis but a kiss I beg; why art thou coy?  - Shakespeare.
The New Nigeria: President Gordy Okeke. A New Man For A New Time Because It's A New Era.
I light the world,  I light my mind and all the minds which God created  one with me - ACIM
President Goodluck Jonathan said the amalgamation of Nigeria was ordained by God
The New Nigeria		A Season For Greatness	Gordy Okeke, President, 2015.
We marry for three reasons - happiness, joy, peace of mind. Otherwise, whatever for?
@BeschlossDC ... he was full of good spirit, that's a very good thing. Or very good acting, either way, it was a great thing.
saying, 'Amen, blessing and glory and wisdom and thanksgiving and honor and power and might, be to our God forever and ever.' Amn
We live in a thought world, and everything is energy, information, vibration.
It's very simple, to be happy. But it is very hard, to be simple.  - Tagore.
God is Truth.
" Become what you are. " - Alan Watts.
" The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance. " - Alan Watts.
" Truth is in the subtle, learn to listen. " - Unknown.
... where did all the love go?
Electrons elude all attempts to pin them down... Electrons are only tendencies, concepts, ideas, and probabilities - F.A. Wolf.
'Unwanted' Must be Allowed for 'Wanted' to be Received - Abraham.
" And death shall have no dominion. " - Dylan Thomas.
We're spirits in the material world - Sting.
" The trick is not minding that it hurts. "  - Peter O'Toole, Lawrence of Arabia.
Seeing is not believing, believing is seeing.
"Much learning does not teach understanding."  - Heraclitus.
"The brain is wider than the sky." Emily Dickinson
"We know what we are but not what we may be." - Ophelia in Hamlet.
" I study myself more than any other subject. That is my metaphysics, that is my physics. " -  Michel de Montaigne.
" Nothing happens until something moves. " - Al Einstein.
Not all things we don't see aren't there - Mauka Ramsy.
"Born free. Taxed to death." - T-shirt.
" I want to know what I want. " - Abraham.
“Where we love is home, home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.”  - Oliver Wendell Holmes.
“Tact is the art of making guests feel at home when that's really where you wish they were.” - Some Guy.
... bowled out.
" If I know so much, why am I unsuccessful? " - Abraham.
"Your powerful beliefs were once gentle thoughts." - Abraham.
“ Anger can be managed to become emotional content that raises power. ”  ― Toba Beta.
“The greatest gift you can ever give another person is your own happiness”  ― Esther Hicks.
When you're vibrationally ready to receive a message, it will thunder through like lightning.
" A study of economics usually reveals that the best time to buy anything is last year. "— Marty Allen.
"I am not a Marxist" — Karl Marx.
" Life is harsh-your tequila shouldn't be. " - Sauza Tequila Ad. Indulge with care. http://t.co/i6M2FEurDm
“ When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy. ”  ― Rumi.
" Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift. " -  Albert Einstein.
“ Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1. ”  - Warren Buffett.
“ Get someone else to blow your horn and the sound will carry twice as far. ” - Will Rogers.
Stretch your paradigm.
'"That which is like unto itself is drawn." Vibrations are always matched. It is the basis of our Universe" - Abraham.
" Without knowing what I am and why I am here, life is impossible. " - Tolstoy, Count Leo.
RT @PaulBegala: Santo Subito! CNN: Blessed John Paul II on verge of being declared a saint. http://t.co/9vnLCKoV2C
" Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly. ”  - Robert Schuller.
“Chase the vision, not the money, the money will end up following you.” Tony Hsieh, Zappos.
“Strategy and timing are the Himalayas of marketing. Everything else is the Catskills.” -Al Ries, Jack Trout.
“ Pay attention to your enemies, for they are the first to discover your mistakes. ” -  Antishenes, 500 BC.
“ Complexity is not to be admired. It is to be avoided. ” - Jack Trout, The Power of Simplicity.
“ Every organization has to prepare for the abandonment of everything it does. ” Peter Drucker.
“ The best vision is insight. ” Malcolm S. Forbes.		Perspicacity!
“ It’s hard to make predictions, especially about the future. ” Yogi Berra.
“ Anything worth having is worth going for - all the way. ” - J.R. Ewing, Larry Hagman, From Dallas.
“I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars: I look around for 1-foot bars that I can step over.” - Warren Buffett.
“ Why join the Navy when you can be a pirate.” - Steve Jobs.
RT @MWMozee: U.S. #oil inventory expected to decline. API data due Tuesday: http://t.co/uWqvFAfTIU via @MarketWatch
Let's go viral-
I'm going to be happy. I'm going to skip. I'm going to be glad. I'm going to smile a lot. I'm going to be easy. - Abraham.
... and what about those who desire not to desire? - Abraham
@Egyptocracy @joshtpm @Ikhwanweb ... did they come out on their own or were they bused to Alexandria from remote places?
“Many a small thing has been made large by the right kind of advertising.” – Mark Twain.		He meant content.
RT @Egyptocracy: Any pics? RT @Ikhwanweb: More than 50 thousands demonstrating in #Alexandria in support of president #Morsi and peoples' d…
“Don’t underestimate the value of beginning a headline by naming the people you want to reach.” – John Caples.
... now, we're all publishers, newsmakers, columnists, thought leaders, and no opinion counts, anymore.
Love is barely enough. True joy is the important thing. You're here to feel good, experience joy. Love is personal, internal
“If you can't describe what you are doing as a process, you don't know what you're doing.”  - W. Edwards Deming.
RT @AmbassadorRice: Truly honored to have served the President for the last 4.5 years at the UN &amp; excited to begin as @whitehouse National …
" It is not enough to do your best; you must know what to do, and then do your best. ” - W. Edwards Deming.
"Rational behavior requires theory. Reactive behavior requires only reflex action." -  W. Edwards Deming.
" Lack of knowledge... that is the problem. " - W. Edwards Deming.
You’re never going to get to any final place. And so, we want to remind you to relax and start having fun on the way.  —- Abraham
RT @TerriBauman: FREE ebook is available at: http://t.co/KBw3Mlzvfo: http://t.co/2qLUniMBI3 is a Perfect Training Course for... http://t.co…
" Music is a safe kind of high. " Jimi Hendrix. http://t.co/kJ1e5EFVcF
" You're a vibrational Being in a vibrational Universe. " - Abraham.
" One who is a visionary thrives in all times. " - Abraham.
"Customers are not on-off switches, but volume dials." 		Don Peppers &amp; Martha Rogers, 	The One to One Future.
“Life is real. Reality is good. Goodness, gratitude, love and joy are the natural state of the awakened heart.” Gerald Grow.
" Thinking will not overcome fear but action will. "  -W. Clement Stone.
"Always, bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing." -Abraham Lincoln.
" Compassion is the basis of morality. " - Arnold Schopenhauer.
" Make no judgements where you have no compassion. " - Anne McCaffrey.
" Life's most persistent and urgent question is, What are you doing for others? " - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
" Love is a fruit in season at all times. " -Mother Teresa.
The time to be good is right now.
We love because we love, there is no reason for loving. Besides, we only live to learn to love.
"We don't love to be loved in return; we love to love." - Leo Buscaglia.
" It's kind of fun to do the impossible. " - Walt Disney
" The minute you choose to do what you really want to do, it's a different kind of life. "  - Buckminster Fuller.
"The true worth of a leader rests on one thing: How many people you have fostered to carry your vision forward." - D. Ikeda.
If it ain't broke, smash it!
A pat on the back is only a few vertebrae removed from a kick in the pants, but is miles ahead in results. -Ella Wheeler Wilcox.
“ Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity. ” ― Simone Weil.		Become irrationally generous.
@strobetalbott @jaketapper ... these are no ordinary times, "These are the times that try men's souls," the superman saith.
Marvin Gaye sang a particular way, his sound was soft, inviting, lubricating. Market your like	Marvin.http://t.co/vANsenjSb3
" My standards are mine to set. " - Abraham. http://t.co/1eu5yNiLoJ
"The most valuable skill that you could ever develop is the skill of directing your thoughts toward what you want."-Abraham
A banana a day keeps the doctor away, they now say. #Energy.
@erinraese ... no.
" No one should be left to suffer alone. "		Daisaku Ikeda.
" The gratification of desire is not happiness.  " -  Daisaku Ikeda
" It is wise to learn; it is God-like to create. " - John Saxe.
" It is difficult, but not impossible, to conduct strictly honest business. " - Mahatma Gandhi.
" What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly. " - Richard Bach.
" Our own pulse beats in every stranger's throat. " - Barbara Deming.  http://t.co/hfUIPaIpZD
" Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself. " - Richard Bach http://t.co/gWJF9x5XKP
We came from heaven, our origin is orgasm. http://t.co/WEAgKd0dvq
@CharlesMBlow ... well, if they are that - obese and soft - Zimm may walk, mirroring the target. There are no children here.
Be impeccable with your word. 	Don’t take anything personally.	Don’t make assumptions.	Always do your best. ― Miguel Ruiz.
" Don't let your mind see through your eyes. " - Mooji.
" You already are, the peace you are looking for. Be still and know that. " 	- Mooji.
" There's a way to do it better—find it. " 	— Thomas Edison.
" I do not believe that God has imposed suffering upon anyone to punish them or to teach them a lesson. " - Ernest Holmes.
... man + nipple + nation = manipulation.		 - Michael Brown, The Presence Process		http://t.co/Y7bhE4laUf
... effective marketing entails watching the watchers. Are you watching?
A Smattering of Harry Smith’s Liberal Smugness | Media Research Center http://t.co/oLLVcuvnuA via @sharethis
" Influence the influencers. "	 - Jim Cockrum.
RT @MarketingProfs: Ain’t Nobody Got Time for That: Visual Sketchnotes and Lessons From Our Most Popular MarketingProfs Seminar http://t.co…
Eschew billboards in the desert.
"If you knew your potential to feel good, you would ask no one to be different so that you can feel good." - Abraham.
“ The greatest gift you can ever give another person is your own happiness. ”  	― Abraham.
" The very fact that you are a complainer, shows that you deserve your lot. " - James Allen.   http://t.co/bN8r0N8alm
RT @CoryBooker: I'm on the scene &amp; Located the dog. U were right too report. Inhumane &amp; cruel. Working 2 get the animal secure now. Thank u…
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks - James Allen. 		http://t.co/8zU1MlU0Gk
“ Just because we are dead does not make us smart. ”  ― Esther Hicks, A New Beginning I
“ The only guarantee for failure is to stop trying. ”  ― John C. Maxwell.
Please stop wasting your time with folks who don't love you. It is worse than sin.
" The world needs what you have to offer, please share it with us. " - Jim Cockrum.
To sound like an expert, hire one – Harry Beckwith.
Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it’s not going to get the business - Warren Buffett.
RT @RepEBJ: #Progress The Senate successfully passed a comprehensive #ImmigrationReform bill. Read about it herE: http://t.co/2XH7REByNJ
" The question is this: are you responsible for the power in your hands? " - Seth Godin.
Nelson Mandela!		Amandla Ngawethu! 	iAfrica Mayibuye iAfrica!		Send your love, prayers.
Become irrationally optimistic - a student of deliberate creation.
RT @IyanlaVanzant: The key to any spiritual process is your mind. You must be willing to surrender your ego to a higher spiritual force.
RT @CoryBooker: Ok. As a coffee addict that is a real sacrifice! Thank U!  RT @LittleTrooper16: Skipping Starbucks in favor of a donation 2…
" Whenever I feel abundant, abundance finds me. " - Abraham.		... so, offer the vibration of abundance.
@CORTnotCOURT @taylor_NOTgang ... nah, baby, Geminis rule the world.
" Tell the story you want to experience. " - Abraham.
" Sell your why. " 		- Jim Cockrum, Marketing 101.
" Put your customers' best interests first no matter the cost. " - Jim Cockrum
"Who is better at selling you than you are? Hire her and put her on straight commission." - Jim Cockrum.
@Toure ... hahahahahahahaha, I laugh and I like that-
" To me, we're marketing hope. " -  Joel Osteen.
@kendracomedy @TedInJest ... these things happen, you know :-)
RT @kendracomedy: I wonder if bird chirping ever annoys other birds
Don't face reality, create reality.
“ Look around less, imagine more. ”  	― Esther Hicks.
"And I'm not an actress. I don't think I am an actress. I think I've created a brand and a business" - Pamela Anderson.
"A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well " - Jeff Bezos.
" Insist on feeling good! " - Abraham.
"Your only chance of influencing another to happiness is for you to truly be happy." - Abraham.
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation - Milan Kundera.		What's a novelist doing talking shop?
" Actually, I majored in marketing and I have a bachelor of science.  " - Wanda Sykes.
RT @gejascafe: @AsMomSeesIt We're in Chicago! :) No worries, we'd love to have you in for Chicago's best fondue the next time you roll thro…
" Affiliate marketing has made businesses millions and ordinary people millionaires. " 	- Bo Bennett.
RT @ergeekgoddess: RT @NALEO: Avg unemployment rate is about 7.5%, for Latinos it’s 9.1%, how should leaders address Latino unemployment? #…
RT @HotlineJosh: Palin was an enthusiastic supporter of Ayotte in 2010 -- one of her Mama Grizzlies. Not so much now...
" The only way around is through. ” – Robert Frost.
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct- John C. Maxwell.
Rejoice and be glad, ALL of marketing is NOW free - this is the Kingdom of God!
RT @CrainsChicago: Winnetka mansion sells for $12.7 million http://t.co/F5yHAlvOtN
RT @MJohnsonLoyalty: Young Brits Use Messaging Services the Most - http://t.co/N1VJnrmWbK
" Marketing’s job is to convert societal needs into profitable opportunities. ” – Anonymous.
Become irrationally generous in your marketing. At Zappos you can return your item for a full refund within 365 days of purchase.
" Any time is a good time to start a company. ”  –  Ron Conway.		#World'sGreatestMarketingAuthority.
" The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. " – Peter Drucker.
It is impossible to learn anything consistently in a state of panic - Abraham.
" No one is creating your reality other than you. " - Abraham.
" The story you tell is the basis of your life. "	- Abraham.
" The best way to predict the future is to create it. " - Peter Drucker.
Dr. Dre donates $70 million to USC, fantastic! And how much to the Hood, Africa?
" It is better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it. ” 		 - Gerard Patrick Roeling.
"The strongest principle of growth lies in human choice." - George Eliot.
" Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. "  - Aristotle.
@jowyang ... I like that. And, evangelism?
... whoever said, "Words don't teach," is an authentic liar.
... nothing is ever final, death included.
... until you release the feeling of struggle, what you desire cannot come into your experience.		 - Abraham.
... without exception, every disappointment is a call to love-
“ Being able to quit things that don’t work is integral to being a winner. ” 		– Timothy Ferriss.
“A brand is no longer what we tell the consumer it is – it is what consumers tell each other it is.” – Scott Cook
" Many people die at twenty five and aren’t buried until they are seventy five. " --– Benjamin Franklin.
“If you don’t understand people, you don’t understand business.” – Simon Sinek.
" In union, everything that is not real MUST disappear, for truth IS union. As darkness disappears in light. " - ACIM
" Each of us has some kind of powerful story. Tell it. " – Leo Babauta.
" What needs no protection does not defend itself. " - ACIM.
RT @ariannahuff: "If liberty means anything at all it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear." - George Orwell
" The Internet makes money for you when you build something that is real and when it matters to people! ” 		– Darren Rowse.
" Never forget social media is for reach but email is for revenue. ”  – Bryan Eisenberg.		#World'sGreatestMarketingAuthority.
" Think like a publisher, not a marketer. ” 	- David Meerman Scott.
You cannot make real money unless and until you know who you are. Master yourself first, and all else will be added to your lot.
"There can be no power without mystery. There must always be a 'something' which others cannot altogether fathom." - De Gaulle.
"Nothing more enhances authority than silence." - Charles de Gaulle.
RT @PeterAlexander: Mandela's daughter on telling her father of Obama's South Africa trip: "He opened his eyes and gave me a smile."
... consumer confidence is roaring back - home sales, auto sales, research &amp; development, investment. Obama?
Feel good. It is the most important thing. All else pales in comparison.
" The most self-serving thing you can do is to learn to be selfless. " Jay Abraham.
You're it. Do you-
@NorahODonnell ... only one thing fixes it: focus on what you want. But, we're busy being all things to all people.
RT @NorahODonnell: Boss from hell? Gallup says over 70% of Americans hate their jobs or are disengaged - even free lunches don't fix it! ht…
Look for reasons to feel good today-
RT @jeneps: Obama and Biden are meeting with congressional leaders tomorrow to talk immigration, student loan rates and more http://t.co/gL…
I grew up the day I wanted to be nobody else but myself. It's a very beautiful feeling, and it never gets old.
RT @BarackObama: President Obama promised to take action on #climate change. Tomorrow, see how he is keeping his word. http://t.co/d56R2ZAz…
RT @NancyPelosi: Tonight, the Senate acted in a bipartisan way to move America one step closer to passing common-sense #CIR. Ready to do sa…
"Everyone is talking about crime. Tell me who are the criminals?" - Peter Tosh.		Downpresserman, listen-		http://t.co/EWAc3XlQTQ
"Create something people want to share.” – John Jantsch.
"Any idea is only as valuable as its ability to solve a problem.” - Sally Hogshead.
When you try to do something big its hard to fail completely.” - Timothy Ferriss.
Nothing influences people more than a recommendation from a trusted friend - Mark Zuckerberg		Our friend from the other channel.
Without breath, where is time? Then, how come time is the most precious commodity?
" Every situation, properly perceived, becomes an opportunity to heal. "   - ACIM.
There are no idle thoughts...	There is nothing outside you.		 - ACIM.
Time isn't your most precious commodity, breath is, and next to breath is silence. Time is totally inconsequential.
" Let your self be one with something beyond it. " - ACIM.
RT @KateNocera: Your weekly reminder to read @chrisgeidner on what SCOTUS could or could not do : http://t.co/vH0BAsbnl0
RT @Shannon_Skinner: Extraordinary Women TV Daily is out! http://t.co/IqynGpFeM7 ▸ Top stories today via @boogysattva
"To have, give all, to all" - ACIM
Collapse fear, breathe silence, be still. Peace.
Can a person be spiritual without believing in God - yes, no, maybe?
"He who has done his best for his own time has lived for all times." 	— JohannVon Schiller, Playwright.
Are we sure we think, why is it called thought, and what's the word got to do with the process itself? Are we fooling ourselves?
What will you give to save humanity? What will you share, how far will you go?
The ego is legion, but the Holy Spirit is one - ACIM
"The art of communication is the language of leadership." — James Humes.
"The less people know, the more they yell." — Seth Godin.		But, still yell. Blow your own horn.
RT @AnietieEka: I remember my mother's prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life. - Abraham Lincoln
" Whatever you accept into your mind has reality for you. It is your acceptance of it that makes it real. " - ACIM.
What is truly blessed is incapable of giving rise to guilt, and must give rise to joy.		 - ACIM.
The ego's purpose is fear, because only the fearful can be egotistic... Anything that is fearful is divisive - ACIM.
Have you ever been very funny and no one laughed? How could you tell you were so very not funny?
" If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original. "		 - Sir Ken Robinson.
RT @UN: No woman should lose her rights when she loses her husband. Sunday is Intl #WidowsDay http://t.co/QjVS0gsQpy
" All things are ready, if our minds be so. " 	— William Shakespeare.
RT @joanwalsh: "I am with you babe all the way..." @NancyPelosi to a woman criticizing the outsourcing of American security.
" My only objective is to isolate your stupidity. " 		— David A.J. Axson, 	The Management Mythbuster.
@gqokeke Won't haters always hate, is she treated differently because she's rich, celebrity?
... what do make of Paula Deen's troubles? Aren't we all prejudiced in one form or the other? Is this much ado about nothing?
What does success have to do with work? Work is work, work is life. Success happens if it happens, when it happens.
RT @MarilynSaying: If she's important to you, show her.
@businessinsider :-) and why the hell not :-)
RT @businessinsider: Tumblr CEO David Karp now partying with Diddy after selling his company for $1.1 Billion http://t.co/29CytL9Bwj
Marketing should be based on knowledge not perception, for knowledge is truth. The marketer must remain the client's last refuge.
Happy weekend, selah-		http://t.co/bj7FewFMiD
" In art economy is always beauty. "	 -  Henry James.
RT @MacMcClelland: RT @JamilSmith: You can be fired for being a victim of domestic violence. In 44 states. http://t.co/SYY07I1V3d
I am in favor of cutting taxes under any circumstances and for any excuse, for any reason, whenever it's possible. 	- M. Friedman
@NBCNews ... this ain't right-
RT @NBCNews: JUST IN: Federal prosecutors file espionage charges against NSA leaker Edward Snowden, sources say
Be preeminent, preemptive, proprietary.		 - Jay Abraham.
We've now tried everything in marketing but tell the customer the plain truth. It's time to return to that character ethic.
“If plan “A” fails — remember you have 25 letters left.” 		– Chris Guillebeau.
@JonahLupton ... yes, that and exercise. Aerobics.
RT @JonahLupton: #1 rule for building a successful company... "Do not make promises you cannot keep"
"Opportunities are seldom labeled." 	— John A. Shedd.		#World'sGreatestMarketingAuthority.
"Catch someone doing something right." — Kenneth Blanchard and Spencer Johnson
" Dreams are the touchstones of our character " — Henry David Thoreau.
Use content to build relationships.
Think acorns not oaks, at least, in the beginning.
@paulocoelho @hnshah ... read the Alchemist, it made all the difference. I'm Nigerian, and the story rings true in my culture.
RT @paulocoelho: The best future is based on the forgotten past
Who else loves E. B. White's Elements of Style.
Who said, incite inspires originality?	#World'sGreatestMarketingAuthority.
Who said - advertising is a luxury, but content is survival?
"Let's make a dent in the universe." 	— Steve Jobs.
" If we treat people as they ought to be, we help them become what they are capable of becoming. "  — J. W. Goethe.
The worst thing that can happen has already happened. Now, go make something happen.
Marketing isn't a game. Tell clients only truth. If you do only that, you'll be successful. Let peace of mind be your ROI.
"The right man is the one who seizes the moment." — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
"Eagles don't flock." 	— Ross Perot.		#World'sGreatestMarketingAuthority.
"If you don't make dust, you eat dust." 		— Jack A. MacAllister.
" The desire for safety stands against every great and noble enterprise. " 		— Tacitus.
RT @ABC: "Gay cure" group leader shutting down ministry after change of heart, issues an apology http://t.co/nvr7wNgp1S
"If you chase two rabbits, both will escape" — Unknown.
You're lonely without your clients; your clients are lonely without you.
"Character is destiny." — Heraclitus   		"Character is power." — Booker T. Washington
Like the Tin Man in Wizard of Oz, a little bit of oil in the right places can get ya going again. No sweat, there is no harm.
" Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom. " - Proverbs.
Invest in the REAL instruments of marketing: empathy, fairness, understanding - "In all thy getting, get understanding."
Become a maven based on your true self. Following others guarantees mediocrity.
"The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire." 		— Field Marshal Ferdinand Foch.
"90 percent of everything is garbage!" 	— Theodore Sturgeon.		http://t.co/tG7PtSOzgh
RT @CoryBooker: RT @cpsj: South Jersey Democratic leaders endorsed Cory Booker today in Deptford http://t.co/LBUL5zWrmR
"Erroneous assumptions can be disastrous." — Peter Drucker.
In the corporate jungle, identity is everything.		 - Unknown.
"Charisma is a sparkle in people that money can't buy. It's an invisible energy with visible effects." — Marianne Williamson.
" Mix a little mystery with everything, for mystery arouses veneration. " 		— Baltasar Gracián.
RT @SenatorCarper: Some people want to kill #ImmigrationReform by spreading misinformation about its costs. #CBO report settles fact: #CIR …
"Leadership is intentional influence." 	— Michael McKinney.
"Strange as it sounds, great leaders gain authority by giving it away."   		— Admiral James B. Stockdale.
" The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been. " 		— Henry Kissinger.
RT @CoryBooker: I changed my avatar because I support #equality and the repeal of #DOMA
" No legacy is so rich as honesty. "	- William Shakespeare.
"Never try to teach a pig to sing; it wastes your time and it annoys the pig."  — Paul Dickson.
"The one word that makes a good manager - decisiveness." 	-  Lee Iacocca.
" Money poisons you when you've got it, and starves you when you haven't. " -  D. H. LAWRENCE, Lady Chatterley's Lover
" Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it. " - Mark Twain.
" God has given you one face, and you make yourself another. " 	- William Shakespeare
" Be as you wish to seem. " 	 - Socrates.
"Always recognize that human individuals are ends, and do not use them as means to your end." — I. Kant.		http://t.co/fOwxc7ukHM
RT @SenJohnMcCain: Proud to receive Royal Military College hon degree w/ @MinPeterMackay- we're lucky to have #Canada as neighbor http://t.…
RT @ABC: Mysterious substance that forced #Indiana beach evacuations vanished from lake, officials said http://t.co/w2OOQANchT
"We are here to make another world."  	- W. Edwards Deming
"All anyone asks for is a chance to work with pride." - W. Edwards Deming.  		#World'sGreatestMarketingAuthority.
" Bedside manners are no substitute for the right diagnosis. " 		 - Alfred Sloan
@DuaneReade ... hahahahahaha, I laugh and I like that :-)
RT @DuaneReade: June 18th is International Sushi Day so have some sushi for lunch or dinner today! http://t.co/LlJotwaBx2
Just like another sunny day-		http://t.co/3cJEBHtmWO		#World'sGreatestMarketingAuthority.
You gotta have a good vibe - Bob Marley.		http://t.co/L5RtXiqJxH
RT @Chicago_Reader: A @Suntimes editorial calls #MayorRahm's TIF program "a wash" for #CPS. More like a hosing. http://t.co/yxQjDIph3t
How to make oodles of cash: add empathy, kindness, compassion, freedom, and authenticity to what you're currently doing.
Character is what you are in the dark.	 - Unknown.
Release your dud clients, dump them - refer them to others. Do your best with clients you admire, love, and respect. #Prune.
Where is your wealth, is it within or without... where is it stored, is it tangible or intangible?
"Same bed, different dreams."		Chris Anderson, The Long tail.
@AlishaOutridge ... indeed, yes!
"If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand."		- Milton Friedman.
" Inflation is taxation without legislation. "  - Milton Friedman.
RT @AlishaOutridge: Content is king: Netflix, DreamWorks Team in Huge Original Content Deal http://t.co/prbRkjmtXF
@AlishaOutridge ... And, distribution is queen :-)
" Connect, create meaning, make a difference, matter, be missed. ”		- Seth Godin.		http://t.co/xegUTlEAxd
" Content is king, but marketing is queen, and runs the household. ” 		– Gary Vaynerchuk.		http://t.co/ZrjOiOsiQG
“Touch paper only once.”  	― Robert Allen.
RT @CharlesMBlow: Justices Block Law Requiring Voters to Prove Citizenship http://t.co/xrwGRyYvQK great day for voting access...
" You can't fix by analysis what you bungled by design. " 		 - Light, Singer and Willett.
" When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. " - Viktor Frankl.
" Ideas in secret die. They need light and air or they starve to death. " – Seth Godin.
" A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. " – Richard Branson.
" Maturity is the capacity to endure uncertainty. "  - John Finley.
@Joe_McClean ... now that's a story based on real rumor :-)
" We cannot ... prove geometrical truths by arithmetic. " - Aristotle.
" The fact is, everyone is in sales. Whatever area you work in, you do have clients and you do need to sell. " - Jay Abraham.
RT @politicalwire: Bob Menendez on John McCain:  "John's been better than I'm used to. There have been fewer volcanic moments."	http://t.co…
@ariannahuff @baratunde ... hahahaha, I laugh and I like that.
@zicoziko :-)
RT @ariannahuff: "I just wanted to be free of obligations, most of which asserted themselves digitally" http://t.co/mGOzlJbEyb @baratunde #…
" Upside leverage is king, optimization. " - Jay Abraham.		http://t.co/AZqmgVHzrt
@FredCuellar ... the truth is, sometimes, that's the right medicine ;-)
RT @FredCuellar: Never Cut All Ties. #Fredism #quote http://t.co/82slpF5s9a
“You don’t need a Cadillac if you can get the job done with a Chevy.”    	– Eric Webb.
“Context should be driving all your content.”  – Steve Haase.
" A desk is a dangerous place from which to view the world. "  		 - John Le Caré.
RT @morningmika: Start your week with us tomorrow at 6amET. Robert Gibbs, David Axelrod, Andrea Mitchell, Russell Brand, Katie Couric &amp; mor…
" No nation was ever ruined by trade. "	 	 - Benjamin Franklin.
RT @THR: China’s Movie Moguls Call for Tax Reforms, Precision Marketing and Diverse Content http://t.co/99cOyre384
We're all enmeshed in this circuitous labyrinth, with  heads full of steam, all in a hurry, and traveling nowhere.
@itsmonstermike ... my good man. Thanks son.
Vitiate your fear.		http://t.co/8gAJRLl1M5
RT @latimes: Flying high with high-calorie menus, Cheesecake Factory is on the rebound http://t.co/1uXMYd4Rwh
" Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming. "		 – Richard Branson.
@VisitBritain @paul_steele ... yes, indeed, been there, done that - love it!
RT @VisitBritain: You can't beat a traditional sunday roast: http://t.co/XLa2WI2Ivi… http://t.co/p8oox0jXha
RT @cnnbrk: Putin denies stealing Super Bowl ring. http://t.co/NkyC4fsbxe
'Looks aren't everything. Believe me, I'm a model." 		- Cameron Russell.		http://t.co/UCvow2PPOi
" There is nothing new under the sun. "		 - Ecclesiastes of Solomon		http://t.co/Bg0pdNBdBK
" Nothing new had been done in Logic since Aristotle! " - Kurt Godel.		Cesaria Evora, Sodade		http://t.co/SbihFPVK9J
RT @y_laresv: #LionelRichie LADY http://t.co/Dcmt51meGa by @lobosolitario1 Thanks to you, Over 3 Million visits worldwide! ║█║▌║█║▌║
Be positioned as an authority in the mind of your client.    		Elis Regina, Brazil - take a listen.  		http://t.co/wbVUdTbN4Y
RT @howardfineman: #Father'sDay dinner with the best family in the world. We are blessed. H http://t.co/y5pc8KxMXo
The universe is full of magical things waiting for our wits to grow sharper - Eden Phillpotts.		http://t.co/Wst4uvcRJn
RT @donnabrazile: Wow... she disagrees with McCain. Sarah Palin on U.S. Decision on Syria: 'Let Allah Sort It Out' http://t.co/iCu2HXlZda v…
" Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. "  		Napoleon Hill. 		http://t.co/kmdlyjxKgd
" One can always reason with reason. "		 - Heri Bergson, 1859-1941.
"Perfect numbers like perfect men are very rare." - Rene Descartes.		King Sunny Ade, take a listen		http://t.co/KO8YP3ai0x
RT @CapehartJ: Am listening to the divine @supersinga in "Les Nuits d'ete" by Berlioz..... #diva
RT @RP2Goddess: Seek beauty in nature, beasts and other humans.
@jaimiesaysso  ... it's all beautiful, there is no harm - spot on!
RT @CoryBooker: Ur Welcome! RT @foxyblaak: thanks 4 the quick action w/tree on Vassar, You're a man of your word like my Dad! Happy Father'…
RT @TheOnion: This Week In Commentary | Nothing Gets Me Wetter Than A Monotonous Domestic Routine http://t.co/3Nur6g5haa
Engagement is the best metric to measure content marketing.		Ninan Chacko, CEO, PR Newswire.
"This election is not about my past, it's about your future," brilliant!		Bill Clinton.
RT @JeffSheehan: "Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward." - Victor Kiam | #quote RT @HR_Habits
" Nothing happens without promotion. "		 - PT Barnum.		#Worldd'sGreatestMarketingAuthority.
@LizGillies ... you got it-
RT @LizGillies: Off to NY!! Wish me a safe flight!! :)
RT @camanpour: Iranians votes for CHANGE again. Moderate reformist Rouhani 	takes lead. Stay tuned! http://t.co/WQ7kxx5g23
Why is the world so restricted to the known? Why are we so frozen in fear? Why aren't we choosing happiness? Any takers?
In the beginning, God said, let there be buzz, and there was buzz.
“The leadership team is the most important asset of the company and can be its worst liability”  ― Med Jones.
"It is consciousness that sets all limits of life, if there are any limits."		Eric Butterworth.
@jaimiesaysso :-)
" Seeing is not believing. Believing is seeing! You see things, not as they are, but as you are. "		Eric Butterworth.
" Change is inevitable, except from vending machines. " - Unknown.		http://t.co/b8t6cIWZTp
"We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.” 		 - Charles R. Swindoll.
RT @LynnMarieBruno: Love these thoughts on blogging from @vijayasankarv http://t.co/65KIs3pLlL Bottom line: if you want to be a blogger, ju…
Accept your vulnerability, you are sufficient.
RT @Shama: My story as an immigrant &amp; an entrepreneur with @FBNStossel - http://t.co/oleEyGQkq2
" The only relevant test of the validity of a hypothesis is comparison of its predictions with experience. " Milton Friedman.
RT @thebendigirl: "Every decision is liberating, even if it leads to disaster." Elias Canetti	#tootrue
" Be people driven. "	 - Georgiana Laudi.		A song from Africa-		http://t.co/IXulZxqz0c
" Form an emotional connection. "	 - Seth Godin.		Happy weekend-
Are you ever tongue-tied at a party?		 - John Caples.
" It's impossible to produce superior performance unless you do something different. "		 - John Templeton.
RT @TheBubbleBubble: Hopefully, you can now see that there's a method to my madness with my emerging markets bubble warnings.
“ The show doesn’t go on because it’s ready; it goes on because it’s 11:30. ” 		― Lorne Michaels.
" Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility. ”  		 ― Peter F. Drucker.
"The mind cannot foresee its own advance."		 - Friedrich von Hayek.
" The worst evils which mankind has ever had to endure were inflicted by bad governments. " 		 - Ludwig von Mises.
RT @tedcoine: The Yelp Effect: How Can You Respond To A Negative Review? http://t.co/f07Nseaj2B via @tonia_ries
RT @WebMD: Why “walking off your dinner” may actually help people at risk for #diabetes control blood sugar levels: http://t.co/Ltt2aeUcyX
Do you prefer Wikipedia to Britannica? I do. Why? Wiki is fluid.
RT @high_on_glitter: How Sexy Are You? Find out if you're hot or not! http://t.co/f2RKVgRHij
' Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness. "' 		 - Thomas Carlyle
' Our favorite holding period is forever. "'		Warren Buffett.
' The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell. '" - Confucius.
RT @ergeekgoddess: How To Get More Latino Students Into Science and Tech AP Classes http://t.co/oetYRwlNuL (via @ABC) #latism
RT @babatundebello: “For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.”-Ralph Waldo Emerson
' There are three types of lies -- lies, damn lies, and statistics. ”'  		― Benjamin Disraeli.
' It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. "' 		Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
' The most important questions of life are, for the most part, really only problems of probability. "'		Pierre Simon.
@joshingstern ... gray-
" What's measured improves. ”  		― Peter F. Drucker.
RT @FastCompany: Commercial And Industrial Buildings Use Half Our Energy: Let’s Get That Number Down http://t.co/IYDVuxnrLc
" A claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers. "		Friedrich von Hayek.
" The attainment of the economic aims of man presupposes peace. " 		 - Ludwig von Mises.
RT @AP: There's a long fight ahead for girl with transplanted lungs: New lungs are no cure for cystic fibrosis: http://t.co/i3ENTnADCZ -MM
“I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.”  Everett Dirksen.
You can't expect to just write and have  visitors come to you - that's too passive.		 - Anita Campbell.
RT @Salon: White House responds to "alarming" Trent Franks rape comment http://t.co/wXnJNVO3R2
@DeepakChopra @LolaPWright ... boundlessness, as it were.
RT @DeepakChopra: To be free is to know that I can direct my awareness where I want to, when I want to, and how I want to.
Opportunity never knocks ones, it loves doors. Each breath, each thought represents an opportunity. Can you hear it knocking?
" Social media are tools, Real-Time is a mindset. " - David Meerman Scott.
@MotherJones ... emphasis on could, shedding? :-)
RT @MotherJones: Could meteorologists be shedding their reputation as climate deniers? http://t.co/w9HuRkb2aN
RT @ariannahuff: “Education is not filling a bucket, but lighting a fire” --William Butler Yeats
Be the top of the buzz. Bless you-
RT @AlishaOutridge: Fortunately, I moved closer to 5th avenue so I'm out of the dreaded New York Flood Zone. Check the Map at  http://t.co/…
Forget not to sharpen your saw.		#World'sGreatestMarketingAuthority.
@EconBizFin ... A feast is made for laughter and wine maketh glad the life; and money answereth all things - Ecclesiastes 10:19
RT @EconBizFin: Investing and health: Curing cancer with finance http://t.co/TT6yeMQNEP
RT @HaliliEli: Dad likes Rock 'n' Roll! #father #fathersdaygift #gift #jewelry #handmade #finejewelry #elihalili… http://t.co/CcgfG3CGRy
I am all for conversation. But you need to have a message. - Renee Blodgett.
RT @brianbeutler: Boehner, member of Intelligence Gang of Eight: "I'm not familiar with Section 215." (???)
@MotherJones ... wow, it's like you're jacked - between Iraq and a hard place :-) Not funny, though-
RT @MotherJones: What Happens When You Can't Get an Abortion? http://t.co/xDyS0asFoT
RT @Biz_Innovations: How Augmented Reality Will Redefine Our Driving Experience http://t.co/8vvtvTneFm Thanks @ProseJoe
@newtgingrich great ideas spring from our innermost wells, from the floor of our hearts. Great leaders have ideas &amp; ideas rule...
RT @TanyaChisholm: Who is ready for a new episode tonight?!? What kind of wacky antics will we think if next?	  #BigTimePranks2
RT @newtgingrich: All the "experts" told Reagan not to say tear down this wall. It wouldn't happen in his lifetime they said. They were wro…
@LargerThanWords @Iifenote ... hahahahahaha, I laugh and I like that :-)
@LargerThanWords @Iifenote ... therapeutics, as it were :-)
RT @LargerThanWords: There's an unseen beauty in baring one's soul. Which only the hearts of the same kind can see.
Imagine. Dream. Believe - Execute!		#World'sGreatestMarketingAuthority.
@Hello_CHICAGO1... hey there, how're ya?
@daveweigel @DKThomp ... hahahahaha, I laugh and I like that - this is superstition, my friend :-)
RT @daveweigel: My chain letter is working MT @DKThomp: Surprising revelation from Twitter analytics: I'm being unfollowed by, like, 10 peo…
RT @KStarry: A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor's book.  ~Irish Proverb
A well orchestrated, executed marketing campaign makes selling idiot proof.
RT @cnnbrk: Source: Inspector involved with collapsed Philly building commits suicide.	http://t.co/Zs8MhWBpnX
RT @mashable: .@BillGates Joins LinkedIn http://t.co/YGeFzenBRW
Think about what a user is going to type.	 - Matt Cutts.
@aweber @Inc ... true that-
To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business, and your business in your heart. – Sr. Thomas Watson
@samsteinhp ... about time!
RT @samsteinhp: Polls show huge support for immigration reform http://t.co/0WgzESie7p. and as we know from background checks, that means it…
RT @2morrowknight: These Four Books Should Top Every Marketer's Summer Reading List http://t.co/gTOO2uku4L RT @Forbes @portergale @IedaKosa…
Change is not a threat, it’s an opportunity. Survival is not the goal, transformative success is. – Seth Godin
RT @CPHeinze: Some heated NJ Dem infighting over Christie endorsements. http://t.co/AJA3m9PHeX
RT @CliveHornsby: Running a #Facebook page need not be a time consuming task - when you avoid these simple mistakes http://t.co/zCrV6qXKYR …
Industry is the soul of business and the keystone of prosperity – Charles Dickens.
You’re most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning – Bill Gates.		True that.
@mbrockenbrough @SkypeClassroom ... bowled over, totally :-)
RT @mbrockenbrough: I did two Skype classroom visits today, and asked the kids to write down their dreams. One kid dreams of being a pro bo…
RT @businessinsider: 10 Things You Need To Know Before The Opening Bell http://t.co/4QqLwPqYps
RT @ShopFloorNAM: Immigration reform will strengthen this nation and make us more competitive. #immigration #MFGimmigration http://t.co/6wZ…
RT @RockChristopher: It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating.  ~ Wilde, Oscar
RT @LollyDaskal: without purpose that is bigger than yourself you are more likely to serve only yourself ~@LollyDaskal #quote #leadership #…
@dreckbaerfrau ... it's all perspective, an issue of cadence, a matter of ear - play it by ear like the cadences of English prose
RT @dreckbaerfrau: Sometimes Struggle Is What We Need http://t.co/kDsnoRgYY8
RT @redeyechicago: If you missed our Blackhawks poster in the paper, fear not. Download it: http://t.co/smBvv6N5HP	 	United Skates of Chica…
Trust and respect are the largest part of marketing. Why? Trust + Respect = Influence. This is preeminence.
RT @takecareofUUU: Never worry about what other people think about you or your situation. Most times their life needs more attention and re…
@ezraklein ... surprise, surprise.
Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable. 		– Coco Chanel.
Business is more exciting than any game. 	– Lord Beaverbrook.		Without a doubt.
@jimmyfallon ... hahahahahaha, I laugh and I like that.
Opportunity never knocks ones, it loves doors. Each breath, each thought represents an opportunity. Can you hear it knocking?
If you see a bandwagon, it’s too late. 	– James Goldsmith
@SoBeOrganized ... 1. Breath 2. Silence. There isn't one without the other, two things. Tomorrow is already better, it's here :-)
RT @SoBeOrganized: What one thing could you do *today* for a better *tomorrow* ?? Rivka Caroline @sobeorganized
Beware of any enterprise requiring new clothes. – Henry Thoreau.
“Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.” Albert Einstein
“There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.” - Peter Drucker.
RT @leeboram95: 소리를 낮추어라, 사랑을 말하려거든 - 셰익스피어
Have you heard of RAS? No worries. I had no clue either until a few days ago. It stands for reticular activating system. - Scott Schwertly
RT @MariSmith: Facebook Ads dashboard and Power Editor DOWN?!!! Whaaat? No! Boo... The fab @AmyPorterfield is leading a webinar for my Club…
@politicalwire ... yes, we don't like it, but something is gotta give. Terror is real.
RT @politicalwire: Nearly half in new poll find government surveillance techniques acceptable 	http://t.co/8dSSk5kK0Y
@CNN ... apt, quite!
RT @CNN: Edward Snowden to Hong Kong newspaper: "I am not here to hide from justice; I am here to reveal criminality": http://t.co/k42sDL7i…
"Give them quality that's the best kind of advertising," killer content, baby.	 - Milton Hershey.
Focus on the core prob your biz solves, &amp; put out lots of content and enthusiasm, &amp; ideas about how to solve that prob - Fitton
RT @latimes: After a decade of administrative problems, cost and technical glitches, the F-35 fighter jet struggles to take off http://t.co…
Who Jah bless no man curse... Who the cap fit, let them wear it! - Bob Marley.
RT @goodhealth: "I don't FIND the time to exercise. I MAKE the time to exercise." #motivation #quoteoftheday #fitness @Pinterest http://t.c…
RT @noelle: . @djheakin: Senate bill contains fundamental shift in #immigration system to be a tool of economic policy.  #mfgimmigration @s…
RT @waltmossberg: Here’s Comcast’s Version of Apple TV @pkafka http://t.co/XgcbNxm6CD
RT @Salon: "If women write about sex it seems as if they slept with someone to get a job or they were trying to get a reaction" http://t.co…
" Your worst enemy could be your best friend, And your best friend your worst enemy. " - Bob Marley.
RT @nytimesworld: Letter From China: Adopting Technology, but Not the Freedoms, of the West http://t.co/HOshGLYhG1
RT @RockChristopher: Chocolate is an antidepressant, which is especially useful as you start to gain weight.  ~ Love, Jason
RT @SteveCase: “I want America to stay #1…that’s why I support #immigration reform” @ChuckSchumer #BBBtoDC #TimeIsNow #KeepUsHere http://t.…
RT @ADMlRING: I don’t ask for much, loyalty is good enough.
"Bring the best of your authentic self to every opportunity." - John Jantsch.
RT @BurtonBrown: Honesty is an expensive gift so don't expect it from cheap or corrupt people.
RT @sandra4jarvis: pep talk for #women in search of happiness, who want to be more do more and have more. 	http://t.co/YrV3VRb6CB
RT @cc_chapman: @mitchjoel Wow! Felt really good though and of course great to chat.
"Make the customer the hero of your story." - Ann Handley, Content Rules.		Content Rules is an excellent book, take a read.
"Clarity trumps persuasion"		 - Dr. Flint McGlaughlin.
" Sell when you can: you are not for all markets. " 		Bill Shakespeare, As Ya Dig It.
RT @LollyDaskal: With the ever increasing social business fragmentation is widespread #leadfromwithin #leadership
RT @Slate: "Real-Life Sea Serpent" Caught in Rare Underwater Footage--VIDEO: http://t.co/ITUNJDUGX4
RT @karaswisher: My crazy cat had gone wandering. The NSA is useless here, since he does not text. http://t.co/txLGAxsIIY
@alipervez so very true, indeed. Keep up the good work-
RT @alipervez: The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is …
RT @armano: Berlin next. Will be getting a drive on the Autobahn. Vines to come. :-)
RT @alipervez: "The absolute fundamental aim is to make money out of satisfying customers" – John Egan,http://t.co/pxWGzbIE9h
RT @jeremyscahill: Clapper acknowledged that his answer had been problematic, calling it “the least untruthful” answer he could give. http:…
RT @Nouriel: Submerged economy @BloombergNews: Greece becomes first developed nation to be cut to emerging market status by MSCI http://t.c…
RT @MarthaStewart: Call me NOW! I am LIVE with Marlo Thomas - yes, That Girl! We are looking forward to talking to you so call us RIGHT NOW…
RT @IMGUDDAGUDDA: Been working all day! #hardworkpaysoff GN #GuDdA
“’I love being marketed to.’ Said no one, ever.” - Jess3.		#World'sGreatestMarketingAuthority.
RT @EricBoehlert: explains a lot......Rush Limbaugh Does Not Understand Basic Female Anatomy; http://t.co/KXman5hFxb #mmfa
RT @thedailybeast: New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg says nearly $20 billion could protect the city from climate change http://t.co/0EZGld…
RT @deeCNBC: Look away from Tokyo for a min... ASX/S&amp;P200 enters a correction, down 10% from May peak. Rebounding now @MattCNBC http://t.co…
RT @KellyAyotte: We need to fix our broken #immigration system to secure our border and unleash our economy.
@KattWiIlliams @Jermaine_CoIe ... hahahahahahaha, I laugh and I like that
RT @LollyDaskal: RT @rojehoron: The best questions elicit substantive, thoughtful answers.  #leadfromwithin
RT @AP: A look at the medical, legal and political issues surrounding over-the-counter sales of the morning-after pill: http://t.co/oSbzLmY…
RT @HuffingtonPost: Most of us don't wash our hands properly http://t.co/C7aKd2BSs8
RT @thedailybeast: Samantha Power seems like an ideal nominee for the U.N., but she's no Daniel Moynihan http://t.co/hu5KcyBthe
RT @ShopFloorNAM: Immigration reform will strengthen this nation.  It will make us more competitive.  #MFGimmigration http://t.co/8DBVJeo3jC
RT @mundyspeaks: Chris Christie's timing of the U.S. Senate Special election could be a stroke of genius. http://t.co/rH9bzalRol
Empathy is the cornerstone of any effective business strategy. Put simply, you've to fall in love with your clients. J. Abraham
RT @nielslesniewski: Democrats have a total of 5 print copies of the #immigration bill at desks in the #Senate chamber, while just about ev…
" Just think about that one loyal reader that you’re turning into a raving fan, " forget all else.		- Henneke Duistermaat.
RT @2morrowknight: How is access to the Internet &amp; #mobile phones transforming the lives of millions of young people worldwide? http://t.co…
@awakeningaimee @darenkrause Joseph Campbell is all over the sphere, today. It's a beautiful thing-
RT @awakeningaimee: Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths. Joseph Campbell
RT @TheOnion: Empire State Building Ultimately Supports NSA Spying Measures http://t.co/1fIz70lp9Q
RT @Jimparedes: Face what you fear. ' The demon that you swallow gives you its power'. -Joseph Campbell
Next to doing the right thing, the most important thing is to let people know you are doing the right thing - J.D. Rockefeller
" If you're invisible, you can't become the go-to guy, " blow your own horn.		 - Jay Abraham.
@chicagotribune ... and Bill Daley? I think Bill should run as well-
RT @chicagotribune: Lisa Madigan 'seriously considering' running for governor  http://t.co/pHmPW5CuKr
"Sell dreams not products," enchantment - attract, delight, entrance.	 - Steve Jobs.		I love Steve Jobs.
RT @prweb: [eBOOK] How to Grow Your Email List with Contests http://t.co/MQYPQRbnBi via @vocus #emailmarketing #digitalmarketing #iContact
Teach only love, for that's what you are - what you teach is teaching you - ACIM		Spiritual Economics, 24/7.
Learn to enable prospects, clients to discriminate in your favor. How? Develop killer content.
"Love is not learned. 2 Its meaning lies within itself." - ACIM.
RT @daveweigel: Actually forgot to file TPS reports RT @pourmecoffee: Booz Allen says Snowden terminated yesterday. I bet it was because of…
@collinso Hey there, how's it going?
Understand: customers don't buy products, they buy results. A hardware store sales drills, customers buy holes - Jay Abraham.
RT @thegarance: Russia ‘would consider Edward Snowden asylum claim, says Kremlin spokesman. http://t.co/4KP7NIGnpm
Keep your mind as incandescent as a light bulb, exercise. Take walks.
RT @QRKim: #smrebels Content Publishing for Brands Changes Traditional Marketing http://t.co/5u7RJ4dgxQ
Does the govt have more coercive power than an ice cream truck?
@joshingstern ... hahahaha, I laugh and I like that. True, very true.
RT @takecareofUUU: Positive thoughts. Positive attitude. Positive actions.=== Positive results.... Repeat, repeat, repeat.#TA
@RevKenGurley indeed, when one life is devalued the collective soul is soiled.
RT @RevKenGurley: Life counts...each life. When one life is devalued, the value of all life is diminished.
Develop content your buyers crave.
Maintain a refulgent mind, keep a smile.
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” - Babe Ruth
Content is now the foundation of SEO and social, the bread to SEO’s peanut butter and social’s jelly, if you will - Nathan Safran
@badbanana @skeohan Me too!
RT @badbanana: Looking forward to watching Tim Tebow watch the Patriots this fall.
How relevant is traditional media, PR?
What's the funniest thing you've said to a stranger out of nervousness?
@StevenTDennis @EvanMcSan hahahahahaha, I laugh and I like that. Life in the big city, eh
RT @StevenTDennis: @EvanMcSan I'm a little excited today. Too much coffee, no lunch.
RT @TechCrunch: iOS 7 Leaves Older iPhones And iPads Out Of The Fun http://t.co/4nIS3q04Nv by @mjburnsy
"All lasting business is built on friendship." - Alfred A. Montapert
"I want to put a ding in the universe. " 		 - Steve Jobs.		So do I.
When you go into St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York City, do you feel large or do you feel small... John Median, Brain Ideas.
RT @ClimateDesk: Chinese companies have made $40 billion in renewable energy investments across the world over the last ten years. http://t…
RT @ZorTrades: $LULU right at the 50day
@jaketapper Hahahaha, I laugh and I like that - there are no children here, it's all politics... plausible deniability, yeah?
RT @jaketapper: Obama says all were briefed, but appears NSA phone snooping a secret to most in Congress &gt;	http://t.co/4pAaUV2qBB
@ChrisCuomo @TunaDotCom @NewDay @sandro2naDotCom @WickedTuna :-)
RT @ChrisCuomo: .@TunaDotCom @NewDay u and @sandro2naDotCom are the real catch!  Good, Italian men!  Thanks for the fish and the fun. Go @W…
RT @businessinsider: Lululemon CEO Christine Day Is Stepping Down  by @AshleyLutz http://t.co/FarPA32TAG
RT @JessicaNorthey: RT @wearELEVATE: Who else is getting ready for #CMChat tonight after #CMTfest? &lt; *raises hand* ME!!! I adore @JoelCrous…
Forget not that empathy, kindness, fairness, and understanding are excellent leadership skills. In all thy getting...
RT @FastCompany: Japan unveils levitating 300 mph train, powered by magnets: http://t.co/W90AZ3D6DR
@FastCompany yeah baby, whoa-
@AmericanExpress Hey, AmEx, can I come? :-)
RT @AmericanExpress: Attending ’13 #usopen? Our Customer Care Pros are at the Amex Championship Experience in Spectator Square if you have …
1+1=11 that's synergy.
RT @cc_chapman: I stand corrected. Thought Apple said Firewire 2. Mac Pro DOES have Thunderbolt ports. 6 of them. #WWDC
Reward those who bring you business
@RC5251 @mitchellreports @SenJohnThune the more things change, the more they remain the same.
RT @RC5251: @mitchellreports @SenJohnThune . Always GIMMICKS Coming From GOP/TeaParty. Just Pass a Comprehensive Immigration. It is NOT Roc…
@mitchellreports @SenJohnThune things that make you go hmmm...
RT @BarackObama: FACT: The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first bill signed into law by President Obama. #EqualPay http://t.co/aE5WOL…
RT @RichJaro: Tim Cook taking stage to huge applause. Talk about a guy under pressure.
@kimgarst @markwschaefer what we perceive as wealth comes directly from the Kingdom - you enlarge wealth as you share it
@kimgarst @markwschaefer business is contained in the content you give away. It's the seed, the tithe, as it were. Now, smile-
@kimgarst @markwschaefer to have, give all, share all, with all. It is giving away your content that you find business
RT @kimgarst: If I give away my #content, don’t I give away my business? http://t.co/IiNydBeYRk via @markwschaefer
@TPM hahahahahaha, I laugh and I like that
RT @TPM: Obama: Women "shouldn’t just be getting a little bit of bacon": http://t.co/TztnIeGZFN
RT @CharlieKayeCBS: Buckingham Palace statement: Prince Philip to remain in the hospital for up to two weeks, then convalescence for approx…
RT @Ro_diary: 또 거울이란 비추면 그림자가 나타난다. 비추어도 그림자가 나타나지 않는 것은 세상에서 내다 버린 거울이다. 	보통 사람이란 사랑하면 따라온다. 사랑해도 따라오지 않는 사람은 또한 세상에서 버린 사람이다.  - 한용운
RT @BreakingNews: Live video: Apple CEO Tim Cook takes the stage at WWDC - @CNET http://t.co/XXjxr9z0qh
RT @CapehartJ: RT @joanwalsh: I think politicians on both sides should stop making charges based on what they feel "in my gut." &lt;---SECONDED
It is far too easier to sell something to an existing customer than to create a new one.
"Remember who is in charge - the richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least." - Unknown.
“Here’s everything you need to know about creating killer content in 3 simple words: Clear. Concise. Compelling.” - Farnworth.
@WhiteheadSoltns ... so very true, indeed.
RT @WhiteheadSoltns: "If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree. - Jim Rohn"
RT @FinancialTimes: US raises estimate of global shale oil resources... | More on http://t.co/8x3DrCkFc7
... write with a smile, literally. Seriously, I'm not kidding. Look at the smile on my face. Peekaboo, I see you-
"For it is in giving that we receive," and it is in sharing that we become whole.		 - Francis de Assisi.
@TedRubin resplendent-
RT @TedRubin: Lead w/the story, not the product... how its used, what it produces, who loves it.  #RonR
RT @tedcoine: RT @HolEssence: 10 Tips from the Business Heretic’s Handbook http://t.co/mccZhN6aSB #humanbiz
@sandikrakowski ... refulgent question, lovely, quite.
RT @sandikrakowski: When's the last time you did something dangerously against your personal "comfort zone"rules? Live like a kid again! Ha…
@jeffbullas hahahahaha, I laugh and I like that.
RT @jeffbullas: 11 #Twitter Essentials You Need To Pimp Your Blog http://t.co/8gRV17FBQn #Blogging #SMM #SocialMedia
RT @MotherJones: This private prison in Mississippi is the stuff of nightmares: http://t.co/j95jiOehdI
RT @RockChristopher: "Nature magically suits a man to his fortunes, by making them the fruit of his character" -Ralph Waldo Emerson rt @drj…
RT @indiewire: Why 'Mud' Is the Best Southern Film in Years http://t.co/mHLgjnTECI
@indiewire Heck yeah!
... to have, share all, with all.
... your integrity is your brand.
@HuffingtonPost man had class, kept fine women, among other things
Bring the best of your authentic self to every opportunity - John Jantsch.
"What really decides consumers to buy or not to buy is the content of your advertising, not its form.” - David Ogilvy.
@sbhsbh good question. You teach what you're, for whatever you're teaching is teaching you - lovely, quite-
@nohawagih stand!
@Top100PSStores what a great teacher - think and act in a certain way, great book
@AnnTran_ this is one of those edicts that's so true, on point
The Governor of New Jersey Chris Christie is losing weight - he looks like it.
" Content drives action. "	 - David Meerman Scott.
"Mastery is a direct result of pigheaded discipline and determination." 	- Chet Holmes, 	The Ultimate Sales Machine
@babatundebello ignore this... it was meant for my friend, Bernard, sorry.
"Great wisdom not applied to action and behavior is meaningless data," I concur. 	 - Peter Drucker
... building, bridging, and connecting with other people are the new knowledge paradigms. This is spiritual economics.
"Content is king." - Bill Gates.
“Without a compelling headline that turns a browser into a potential reader, your killer content can go to waste.” RealComBiz.
... hey man, how're ya? Spoke to your brother on Facebook yesterday... he said he wrote you a letter last month-
" The greatest enemy of a good plan is the dream of a perfect plan. " - Carl von Clausewitz.
"Learn to ignore the old rules" - David Meerman Scott, The New Rules of Marketing &amp; PR		Fantastic book, excellent.
RT @dmscott: Are you a live music fan who's never been to an EDM show? Go ASAP to see what the fuss is about. http://t.co/BMyMTZ4u87
“Advertising in the final analysis should be news. If it is not news it is worthless.”  -  Adolph Ochs.
The purest treasure mortal times can afford is a spotless reputation. - William Shakespeare.
Advertising is a tax for having an unremarkable product. - Robert Stephens, Founder of the Geek Squad.
"We need to stop interrupting what people are interested in &amp; be what people are interested in.”  ~ Craig Davis.
“Marketing is too important to be left to the marketing department.” ~ David Packard.
If you want to understand how a lion hunts don't go to the zoo. Go to the jungle. - Jim Stengel.
... what's a plumber doing on Twitter?
The purest treasure mortal times can afford is a spotless reputation. -William Shakespeare
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change - Darwin.
The three M's of Marketing: 101 Marketing Strategies - http://t.co/guQ3ZmxSe6
Angelina Jolie isn't only beautiful, she's an excellent dresser to boot.
Come, follow me on Twitter, and I will make you fishers of men.
RT @amfam: “Nothing is impossible. We all have dreams. Just go for it.” More from #DreamCamp with @KathyIreland. https://t.co/bcpotL3ywC
@AlishaOutridge both. I'm a marketing strategist and a conferrer of unconditional love, peace of mind. Be 'and' not either or :-)
@richardbranson there is only one definition: peace of mind.
RT @JasonFalls: A friend asked if knew any #seo types who would do an hour or two teaching session for a client. Feel free to DM me if you …
... is Seth Godin the most brilliant Author in the world?
@GuyKawasaki hahahahaha, I laugh and I like that. Guy, you tell that to High School kids :-)
“There is no story that is not true.”  	― Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart.
“Make a decision. It doesn’t have to be a wise decision or a perfect one. Just make one.” Seth Godin
@Scobleizer I'm definitely in-
“The lizard isn’t listening and the lizard doesn’t care.” – Seth Godin, Linchpin.
@Shama women start up more businesses these day than men do, 2 - 1. Their businesses are also more successful. #Relationship
@Shama women shouldn't go into careers, they should start up their own businesses
Who are you? C. C. Chapman and Ann Handley asked this question in Content Rules. It's redolent with authenticity. Who are you?
@AlishaOutridge indeed, origin of primordial sound? I hear they're related, yeah?
@AlishaOutridge sometimes, I invest in silence, deep breaths :-)
... the world desires what you have to offer, bring it-
The best ideas are free ideas: the internet, world wide web, breath, silence, empathy, compassion - they're all free, yeah?
@AlishaOutridge ... a good advice I've always hated :-)
“Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you should set up a life you don't need to escape from.”  ― Seth Godin.
... become irrationally optimistic, unabashedly. Remain controversial, opinionated. And Smile-
There is no compromise with truth. 		Do you remember who said that?
... put your client's interest first no matter the cost, on this there is no compromise.
@ariannahuff @HuffingtonPost @RepTimRyan @GregoryBeyer whenever you're with a man, it's a conference :-)
@BBCWorld Googled it :-)
@BBCWorld :-) bras
@GuyKawasaki Chicago :-)
RT @GuyKawasaki: 10 best American cities for retirees http://t.co/1gIvy1HotY
@BBCNews ... it's a burden to be that young and that smart, may hamper innocence. To everything, there's a season, and time...
RT @richardbranson: Disagree with the Pope on issues like contraception, but 100% agree with him on #foodwaste http://t.co/hUuw5U88ol
@FT Marketing is the lifeblood of advanced economy, all else are expenses, cost centers, as it were.
RT @FT: Innovation and investment are lifeblood of advanced economy http://t.co/MXDUMAcNoq
@FT ... exactly, but before you innovate, optimize. Folks are only focused on prospects, while forgetting existing clients-
" Don't Sell, just schmooze. " - Chet Holmes.		#World'sGreatestMarketingAuthority.
RT @HarvardBiz: Management Tip: Communicate What You'll Accomplish in Your First 90 Days http://t.co/U1DEyrYDDz #HBRMgmntTip
... what is a brand worth?
RT @ianbrodie: Should You Outsource Marketing And Business Development? http://t.co/lHN4Vnpx34
@ianbrodie Well, yes... Jay Conrad Levinson said, "Learn to become dependent on other businesses, and they on you."
“If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful.” Jeff Bezos.
Kill grimness with laughter. Encourage exuberance. Get rid of sad dogs who spread gloom - David Ogilvy.
@NetworkSensei Love him.
"The aim of marketing is to know and understand the customer so well the product or service fits him and sells itself.” Peter F. Drucker.
I just bought: 'Brain Rules: 12 Principles for Surviving and Thriving at Work, Home, and School' by Dr. John Medina... via @amazon
'... they look so good you kinda wanna lick em,' otherworldly. 	- Steve Jobs.
... the one difference between invention and innovation is execution - you gotta take action.
... practice radical spontaneity, make her eyes bulge, and jaw drop. Live large
RT @WhiteheadSoltns: "The leader who exercises power with honor will work from the inside out, starting with himself. - Blaine Lee"
Treat your clients like they're the greatest invention since sliced bread, because they're.
... remain aware this moment. Breathe easy, see the voice of silence, listen to your eyes... smell the wind blow, care.
@FredaMooncotch one way or the other, they're gonna sell ya stuff... the American way
@FredaMooncotch that is serious business... scary - regarding the oral game, I'm a firm believer that it's best receive than to dole...
"We are not machines, we are human beings; but because we have forgotten what a human being is, we have become mad machines." J. Needleman.
Are you the man with the grasshopper mind or just another Rabbi?
Procrastination, all bets are off.
... it all came to me in a blinding flash-
... what is your brand, is it linked to your DNA, is it hard to copy, and do you swear by it? #INIMITABLE.
... happy to be home at last, grateful.
in a business meeting