Government Ministers of Sierra Leone have signed performance contracts with President Julius Maada Bio to enhance efficiency and effectiveness in service delivery
Julius Maada Bio has just made a presidential declaration that the offenses of rape and sexual penetration get life imprisonment
Sierra Leonean President Julius Maada Bio has declared national emergency on rape and sexual penetration.
The three commissions of inquiry set up by the Sierra Leonean government have been adjourned to Monday February 11.		The controversy over rules of evidence is still bold. But govt seems focus on pushing its agenda for the Commissions.
President for  Forum of Islamic Organisations in Sierra Leone, Alhaji Justice Abubakarr King has called on government to allow women who do Hijab to work live like other women without discrimination.
Sierra Leone Chief Minister, Prof. David Francis said government is holding talks to transform polytechnic institutes into universities.
Sierra Leone Deputy Minister of Information, Solomon Jamiru said the commissions of inquiry will use the compulsive power of the High Court to get persons of  interest to comply with the commissions.
https://t.co/ALj0hEqGAo
https://t.co/INXQ9mqwNK
Health officials in Sierra Leone say around 35, 000 Sierra Leoneans are moving around with HIV with themselves not knowing they carry the virus.
#The Freetown City Council has called on all owners of buildings, both commercial and residential to paint their frontage to herald the Christmas Celebration.#
#Rwanda lawmakers approve swahili as the official Language of the country, dropping french completely and sidelining english#		#That left the Belgians furious#
9000 Ghost Workers in Sierra Leone.		The country's Civil Registration Agency discovered 9,785 ghost workers on Govt payroll and subvented agencies.	6,238 duplicated pin codes. 71 with more than one pin code, 727 duplicated new registration, 307 file &amp; 88 nonexistent pin codes.
Less than a year in office, the Government of Sierra Leone has signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Natur Global Capital and Heiland Company Ghana for the expansion of the terminals and the creation of standard hotels to attract investors. 	Topographic survey is done.
Nominated as Best Male TV Personality by the National Entertainment Awards Committee.		VOTE! VOTE! VOTE! 	Thank you https://t.co/fgTSDDIRHI
It was so named the Well of Parliament because it's from it the Water meant to nourish our democracy is drawn and the iron meant to forge our laws is mined. But that is being questioned after it approved a nominee that had been sworn in and been in office 5 months now. #salone#
Shana Lee and Olga Bashbush from the Foreign Press Center of the US at New York and Washington DC respectively. Beautiful people who gave me access to cover the Mid-term elections. https://t.co/zd9rQoJwQE
#NewProfilePic https://t.co/tiEEm6mKiG
#FREEQUALITYEDUCATION#		WHAT IF SIERRA LEONE PASSES A LAW THAT COMPELS ALL PUBLIC OFFICIALS TO SEND THEIR KIDS TO PUBLIC SCHOOLS?	I THINK THAT WILL MAKE THE PROGRAM VERY SUCCESSFUL.		#JUSTTHINKINGALOUD#
The constitutional matter between David Fornah and the Presidential Candidate of the National Grand Coalition Kandeh Kolleh Yumkella has been discontinued. The plaintiff demanded the discontinuance of the matter just 3 days to Presidential Runoff https://t.co/XGexcXggyq
Sierra Leoneans choose on the 27th March between two evils, the Sierra Leone People's Party and the All People's Congress to form government for the next 5yrs. EnsureSierraLeoneWins!!!!!!
Still appalled by the decision of Tam Baryoh to serve as mouth of the APC for a district...Kono
Is the Minister of Social Welfare, Gender and Children's Affairs, Dr. Sylvia Olayinka Blyden a MOLE in the APC?
Three political parties in Sierra Leone have walked out of the CRC final deliberations in Freetown
Information Minister of Sierra Leone, Mohamed Bangura speaks on Seeming Govt's clamp down on the use of social media. 1pm on AYV Television
Sierra Leone Government suspends repealing seditious criminal libel law--Deputy Information Minister, Cornelius Deveaux. Very disappointing
#Salonemiland#	Finally, the anticipated increment in the pump price of fuel in Sierra Leone is here. Le 3,750 to Le 6,000. PRA Confirmed