Make no mistake, the coup d’état is putting every man woman and child’s life in the USA in grave danger. And every day Congress and the US Supreme Court does nothing, delaying the wall, obstructing, agencies refusing to do their jobs, we slip closer and closer to the edge.
Politicians don’t look at their poll numbers. They look at how K Street rates they. They ask their K Street handlers all the time how they are fairing?
It’s been done before and they are about to do it again if We The People don’t stop them.. How? By backing POTUS and Q all the way to GITMO. GITMO tribunals or die.
Have they done nukes before? And we don’t think the pedophile baby torture killers would dare do that again? They are pushing for this right now via Pakistan terrorist embedded in the military.		POTUS Trump is about to de-Nuke Pakistan and eliminate the terrorist a la Syria.
The swamp can not be drained. It must be burned.  The swamp is full on controlled by the pedophile global communist to end the USA.  They will never give up.  The political game is just a game and loosing that they are simply set to move on to hard ball nukes, WMD.
You should know that the shadow gov when they go to nukes will target the interior cities. Why? Because that’s were the red hats are concentrated. The sanctuary cities are already on their knees to the global communist.  They’ve always planned to vacate the interior. Agenda 21.
It should be clear that the Swamp has no intentions of stopping the Coup. To the contrary, RINO’s are just waiting for the deep state controlled Dems to produce an excuse for them to join into a vote for impeachment. The RINO’s are cowards and they are just waiting to join Dems.
Politicians could care less about the emails they get. Votes are bought and corrupted and they don’t worry about getting re-elected anymore. They don’t care.		We The People must demonstrate resolve, a strong will for the USA to survive. The will to back POTUS Trump all the way.
We need millions of retweets to show that We The People are serious about stoping the globalist deep state and their corrupted RINO politicians who are standing back arms folded doing nothing while Communist Democrats go on a rampage to destroy the USA. We have to show resolve.
@FoxNews @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump 		If you want to see coup d’état traitors hang, all of them, you know all the names, then re-tweet.  		Because, unfortunately, nothing else will ever stop them. They are prepared to go all the way to Nukes. 		Be bold to win or we loose all.
If YouTube, Twitter and the rest censors USA then just start going to https://t.co/d13Txdvmlr for your news and listen to Trump himself. Ignore treasonous Fake News. It’s all you need to know.		President Trump speaks at CPAC: Live updates https://t.co/pPFNANtrjI
UK Home | Daily Mail Online https://t.co/ruWsAyUrMR
Cortez Gangrene Deal for the USA and the world.  “Boy have I Got a Deal for you!”  “Such a Deal!”  “Gangreen” to Kill the USA The Dems and RINO’s all hate US. “Have some.”		NYT columnist blasts Ocasio-Cortez’s Green New Deal | Fox News https://t.co/98GQsZBpza
Very sad mistakes made by Michael Cohen. A shifty man ran with shifty men Mueller and Lanny Davis. Not just shifty but evil.  They will put him in prison to keep him silent. Then continue to falsify his statements. He will rot in prison at their hands.
Michael Cohen:		“A false witness shall perish: but the man that heareth speaketh constantly.”	Proverbs 21:28 KJV https://t.co/Dk2L4JUysn
“The man that wandereth out of the way of understanding shall remain in the congregation of the dead.”	Proverbs 21:16 KJV https://t.co/s8kB1AfKzm
“It is joy to the just to do judgment: but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity.”	Proverbs 21:15 KJV https://t.co/4Ysug7wNlJ
“Whoso stoppeth his ears at the cry of the poor, he also shall cry himself, but shall not be heard.”	Proverbs 21:13 KJV https://t.co/FYqaUIogd0
“The righteous man wisely considereth the house of the wicked: but God overthroweth the wicked for their wickedness.”	Proverbs 21:12 KJV https://t.co/lTzaTXcNjz
Islam wants the USA to become a Caliphate. You know what that means eventually? Well We The People do know what this means. 		Chicago imam: Islamic caliphate our ultimate aim - WND https://t.co/Ep5vYosJrx via @worldnetdaily
🇺🇸️🤙 Q BOMBSHELL! Rare interview w JFK-jr. Clearly States He Is #Q 28yrs... https://t.co/tpTFlNwwLT via @YouTube
BREAKING NEWS: THE CABAL WAS ALREADY IN COURT FOR TREASON, CHILD TRAFFIC... https://t.co/Fv8LSEPujN via @YouTube
SerialBrain2: The Deep State's New Playbook against Trump https://t.co/EXkKUCEvuw via @YouTube
When this is all over with you are going to want to see every Dem politician and political operative tried for Treason.		Carpet Bombs Are Ok, It’s All About To Change, T Minus 18 &amp; Counting - E... https://t.co/zKPxiVRFEz via @YouTube
@FoxNews @eealDonaldTeump @seanhannity 		Chris Christie is a fraud.
How can anyone come out against this POTUS given all he’s done and all he is doing to save America when very few are even lifting a finger? And what has Chris Christie done for America other then help prosecute deep state patsie terrorist?  As if they were the sole perpetrators
Are there any honest politicians in America? Only a few who are openly fighting against the deep state in congress. All the others who are silent or who are coming out against POTUS Trump like Fat Ass Chris Christie, are all corrupt traitors.
For Chris Christie to pontificate about the Southern District of New York which was heavily involved in covering up 911 treason along with his pal Mueller really exposes that Chris Christie is nothing more then a shill and a Vatican Jesuit controlled punk.
The Southern District of New York is a thouroughly corrupted deep state court. It is guiltynof covering up the theft of MILLIONS of American homes by Goldman Sachs and the Evil Wall St. Zionist (Not really Jews) bankers.  The sacking of AIG wealth, and now FNMA.
Cohen isn’t really guilty of treason so he doesn’t really deserve to hang but he certainly deserves his fate of rotting in prison. And he will be there 20 years.
So Cohen says Trump’s an evil racist But: Michael Cohen’s lawyer admits Cohen was interested in working in Trump White House | Fox News https://t.co/8RO2j81Fi4
There is something wrong with Chris Christie. He is compromised by Mueller. And he is totally wrong about Cohen having anything on Trump		Chris Christie: Michael Cohen is a ‘tour guide’ for New York prosecutors investigating Trump | Fox https://t.co/OiJ7pAhpBS
@johns599 Sex outside of commitment between a man and a woman is nothing more then exploitation of others and allowed exploration of self.  Taking a Father and mother’s daughter for sex only without commitment to cherish and protect is selfish and evil. Evil invites evil.
@johns599 No one is perfect. All men and women sin. But to run it up the flag pole and salute it is to invite destruction from within.  A nation riddled in Sin destroys self, families and cost lives through abortion, neglect, abandoning those in need.
@johns599 Immorality makes us weak. You can not fight evil if you are immoral or if you are an overwhelmingly immoral society. Sexual immorality will leave any society without any power to over one evil. This is true for Europe, the UK and the USA. We must become moral or die.
@johns599 It’s time for Americans to admit our sins &amp; repent. Or succumb to their sins and their crimes as complicit fools. Jesus said you are either of God or you are the children of Satan. What the hell does that tattoo on your body say about you my friend. It says your spiritually dead
@johns599 If you don’t HHATE EVIL then you are part of the problem. Then you are complicit. Then you are partners with them and guilty of their crimes.
@johns599 American porn and drugs has produced cowardly men in Congress, in sanctuary cities.  Their shame will be fully exposed. It will be hiddious and unbearable. Theynwill wish they were dead when We The People soon have all the facts on full display		Jesus is ripping off their robes
@johns599 Islam is the religion of fear and death. It thrives on punishing people with cruelty in order to evoke fear. And who promotes it? Dirty old bearded men called Imams. They plan and direct terrorism right from their cell phones. Deep state intel knows who they are and does nothing
@johns599 If you hate rape, murder, children being kidnapped and raped then you hate your EU Politicians and the evil Muslim plague they have put on You All. As long as they live they will get away with it. As long as U tolerate treason and evil they will do it. It’s up to You’all. Own it
@johns599 Would there be any rapes, stabbings kidnapings in Europe if the Muslim boards were not let in by Evil EU pedophile politicians? Maybe one or two, not 100’s of thousands reported. Millions unreported.
@johns599 Is there a single war or act of terrorism occurring World Wide that is not being done by Islam?  Answer: No.  		In other words without Islam there would be no wars. 		Islam is Satan’s sword under the guise of religion. 		The law brings death. Jesus gives life and life abundantly
@johns599 Islam does not belong in the USA and is actually against the law besides violating many many many laws and civil rights. Get them out. Round up the evil Imams and deport them to their native countries. They are not Americans and NEVER NEVER NEVER will be. Prosecute Imam crimes.
@johns599 Most of America has awakened to Omar the propaganda terrorist whonwas installed through fraud votes. 		America has to wake up and do something about the fraudulent corrupt Congress by backing POTUS Trump all the way as he puts them in GITMO for treason corruption
@4everNeverTrump @realDonaldTrump LGBT is a real problem. Socialist communist out to destroy the USA.  Democrats will hang.
Pakistan India crisis averted.  Deep state will continue to push Pakistani extremists to start a war with India with intentions of provoking nuclear conflict.		POTUS Trump will denuclearize Pakistan.
Deep state continues to agitate Pakistan for war with India. The danger remains.
Pakistan has completed the Handover of Indian IAF Pilot Abhinandan Varthaman to India.		Conditions have stabilized. It seems war has been averted.
India and Pakistan leaders are de escalating cross border tensions.
Commander Abhinandan is now at Wagah Pakistan 600 meters from the border crossing into India and will be returned to India under heavy security protection to prevent a terrorist attack. The area is being swept for terrorist before the transfer is made.
Modi  Khan have agreed to shift to a war of words. But shadow gov deep state terrorist imbedded in the Pakistan Military remain a rogue threat		Imran Khan, Pakistan Prime Minister, To India: Won't Be In My Control Or Narendra Modi https://t.co/B3wJdKWugB
Democrats proved themselves the fools that We The People all know they are.		Michael Cohen's GOP Cross-Examiners Failed Miserably - The Atlantic https://t.co/UfusnXZIBV
The Pakistan-India Conflict Has Lessons for the Trump-Kim Summit - The Atlantic https://t.co/S3BZNdf82Y
Pakistan is committed to return Wing Commander Abhinandan to Indianforth with now under way under heavy military protection with US involvement.
Right now you have a pissing contest between the Pakistan Air Force and the Indian Air Force.  The shadow gov is pushing on both, but on Pakistan in particular through its terrorist military elements to escalate.		Downed Indian IAF Wing Commander must be protected from terrorist
The world is back in danger Right Now THANKS TO NANCY PELOSI, CHUCK SCHUMER Representative Elijah Eugene Cummings and THE TRAITOR RINO REPUBLICANS.
The Shadow Gov is attempting to have the downed Indian pilot fall into the hands of the terrorist elements. Pakistan military will return IAF Wing Commander Abhinandan to India in order to prevent escalations. Highest security needed with immediate effect for return to India.
US ICBM targets in Pakistan are being pulled up &amp;loaded for immediate response intervention should Pakistat nukes go hot. US Navy Submarines head to the Arabian Sea &amp; Bay of Benagal		It’s up to the Pakistani proper military to now eliminate terrorist elements within.
POTUS Trump may suspend Congress. May follow up and suspend the SCOTUS if John Roberts doesn’t get his head out of his back pocket.  Top Dems about to be arrested and taken to GITMO as enemy combatants.
USA Navy will now secure the Strait of Malacca. Heavy security.
USA Military now going on high alert.
The shadow government arranged for two atomic bombs to be dropped on Japan WW II. Would they do this again via India Pakistan as the US deep states shatters and the shadow gov Lanny Davis and crew loose control of the US deep state? Lanny Davis replacing Soros now.
Expect renewed military exercises. The Fifth Fleetbwill stay on station in the Gulf to contain Iran.		Expect USINDOPACOM to dispatch “Ronald Reagan Strike Group U.S. 7th Fleet to Indo-Pacific region Arabian Sea to prevent nuclear war.
The shadow gov globalist have lost the political war in the USA. They are now in an all out push to start nuclear wars beginning with India/Pakistan. Possible follow in by NOKO/China rogue DS controlled PLA. POTUS Trump sensing danger stopped in Alaska to bolster troops.  Pray.
Deep state losing the political war in the USA, has ordered Pakistan terrorist to start a nuclear war with India. Is this what we want Democrats? 		Could Indian MiG-21 have downed Pakistani F-16?  https://t.co/OtfaN7hsHR
Victor Davis Hanson : Europe’s Warning for the US https://t.co/pExZn67Lk1 via @YouTube
@Patrici15767099 So so sad and horrible. But Cortez hates our America the way it is.
How does the deep state flip Spike Lee from pro Trump to toe the deep state line? Answer: One phone call. “We made you we can breakyou. No more private jets. Parties. Nothing.”  Click.  Then public anti Trump squeals.		https://t.co/xmCng6fAac
@BillOReilly @Supt326 And Michael Cohen “The Bullet” betrayed himself.  He panicked and fell into vicious hands. Spoiled rich kids should not get into real fights.
@BillOReilly @Supt326 Dog and pony show.
Fire the FBI.		Tom Fitton @ CPAC2018: 'There IS Evidence of Clinton/FBI/Russia Collusio... https://t.co/cTXgEQ3pE2 via @YouTube
Pedophile politicians would rather allow the USA to go under then be exposed for their sex crimes, corruption and involvement and or complicity in crimes against humanity. Only military tribunals can liberate the USA from the Satanic deep state shadow gov now.
The Democrats and 13 House RINO’s keep We The People in nuclear danger as they continue their lawless trampling of the US Constitution.  Now they are attempting to start a nuclear war between Pakistan and India along with Cohen lies adding more and more pressure on Trump. Pray.
Before proceeding further Kim told POTUS Trump “I believe you &amp; I trust your intentions but the Democrats and RINO’s worry me. I need to know that you will defeat them”. Kim told POTUS that he follows Q snd is aware of everything and hope he wins.		https://t.co/ViFJnBhsl7
Pedophile Lanny Davis will hang at GITMO for Treason as a top leader in the coup.		Top Brass Insider More Info, Cohen Testimony Highlights, March Madness https://t.co/D4IaPgSear via @YouTube
Its Happening! Trump kills the Elite Pedophile Network The Vatican https://t.co/jgnl8AR4c7 via @YouTube
Clarence Thomas Breaks Silence, Speaks Up To Expose Lib’s Biggest Scam F... https://t.co/PQxw61J2ns via @YouTube
MILLIONS OF CARS ARE ROTTING IN THE OPEN AIR! https://t.co/SNoKJiFGpI via @YouTube
@seanhannity @FoxNews @IngrahamAngle @marklevinshow 		Michael: himself has said he would say or do whatever he had to do to save himself and his family. And he is doing just that now. Lying through his teeth.		He’s doing it timed for the Hanoi summit to undermine foreign policy
Idiot North Carolina Senator Tom Tillis. Indecisive. Second guessing refuses to support POTUS Trump. He makes up chicken S reasons to cover up he’s being blackmailed by the deep state. It’s always sex and or money.		https://t.co/ZRa3K4gx5a via @YouTube
@realDonaldTrump The Swiss stand to get more then their fair share given they’re doing little to nothing to make this global opportunity.
@realDonaldTrump The contracts being offered by NOKO when it opens up for business will provide huge global business opportunities.  Banks around the world will be competing to lend money and businesses will be competing to get the contracts. US Investment/Commercia Banks will benefit.
@seanhannity Bernie Sanders is a totally loony.
@Acosta Jim Acosta. No conscience. You are guilty of treason. You have been on the daily MSM/CNN/WP/NYT conference calls planning fake news to undermine and overthrow POTUS and the USA in world communism which would kill billions in starvation and wars. You are an idiot.
@EmilyPurser Very very nice. POTUS Trump is highly revered in Vietnam and Asia.
A coup d’état cannot be excused as it has exposed we the people to nuclear nightmare dangers.  		There can be no mercy for treason. No sympathy.
@FoxNews @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump 		Mueller and Lanny Davis  had Michael Cohen tell his lies and times it for POTUS Trump’s visit with Kim Juong UN with the intention of disrupting this anti nuke summer. It’s treason. And the DS is attempting a India/Pakistan Nuke war.
@realDonaldTrump Deep state Mueller through globalist Lanny Davis had Michael Cohen tell his lies timed to disrupt POTUS Trump’s visit with Kim juong Un in Hanoi. At the same time the shadow gov is attempting to ignite a nuke war between India and Pakistan. 		Hang Treasonist.
The shadow gov is attempting to start a nuclear war between Pakistan and India while POTUS Trump in in Hanoi. 		It won’t work. POTUS Trump planned for this well in advance.
Cohen admits over and over again that he lies for or against people and now he is lying for Mueller. 		Cohen will rot in prison.
Michael Cohen will say anything that Mueller tells him to say. That the “Fixer” would be privy to all of Trump’s business private or campaign wise is ludicrous. He was not even a senior attorney. No consigliere. Cohen, pathetic joke		 https://t.co/0bi4sfJgzX
@Fox Globalist seeing the destruction of the US deep state, now focusing on starting a nuclear war between India and Pakistan. 		It’s more important then ever now to destroy the Democrat party which has become a party of treason as it attempts to tie the hands of a POTUS.
The globalist who’s deep state is being destroyed by POTUS Trump is now attempting to foment a nuclear war between India and Pakistan. As predicted no less then 10 months ago. 		This is being stopped.
Modi in a gentile gesture and tip of the hat to POTUS Trump, ordered the air strikes on Pakistani terrorists camps to be accomplished with French Mirage 2000 jets, not F-16’s. Done in order to keep POTUS Trump low profile on this.  		The Pak gov is about to be replaced.
Salman brought $20 billion to Pakistan to fund a new government.  Trump destroyed ISIS and Trump with CP Salman is destroying terrorists in Pakistan. China Xi will clean it up because We The People sure as hell don’t want any part of it. It’s Not our back yard.
@JackPosobiec Cortez is a psychotic robot.
@MichaelCohen212 Michael Cohen continues to dig his own grave deeper and deeper with the help of his globalist traitor fixer lawyer Lanny Davis.  A weak man is a human tragedy to see. You just want to turn your eyes away from his scene. It’s really sad.
CNBC has lost its business credibility.
Just like the Democrat party CNBC has been taken completely over by the far left.
CNBC is all in in the coup d’état to overthrow the president and the USA.  	CNBC is no longer a business channel. It’s a leftist propaganda channel. 		House votes to block Trump national emergency over border wall https://t.co/JTxUMXawdE
Prime Minister Khan working with POTUS Trump to eliminate terrorist from Pakistan.
Salman working with POTUS Trump to eliminate terrorism in Pakistan.  		Saudi Crown Prince Concludes Landmark Pakistan Visit https://t.co/Q94eEcEp7n
POTUS Trump, Modi, Saudi Salman, are removing terrorist from Pakistan. Pakistani President Alivi is under US protection. Take away. No India Pakistan war will break out. No Nuke threat.
Pakistan President will not strike back.  He was briefed prior to the attack by POTUS delegation meeting in Saudi. 		IAF air strikes across LoC LIVE: India confirms fighter jets destroyed biggest JeM terror camps in Balakot https://t.co/PO15XBYhGC
RT @CNBC: At MWC in Barcelona, a man volunteered to have a chip inserted under his skin live on stage https://t.co/9pmmMsG78Y
@SurvivorFan2016 I’m on the other side of the planet tonight. At least we have good things to talk about now. Chat again I’m sure. MAGA! And Keep America Great!
@SurvivorFan2016 Yeah Hubert Humphrey. Boy there’s a voice I do not miss. You see, they do go away, hahaha. And nobody has ever made them go away like trump is doing. They are there in voice only now. And not for too much longer.
@SurvivorFan2016 Growing poppies here legally under strict licensing, strong security, regulation and full time agency policing could be a good profitable business.
@SurvivorFan2016 Never thought of growing the puppy in the USA.  They need plenty of rain during the autumn; ground covered with snow in winter &amp; dry climate is dry when the poppy is ripening. Usually at a height of 300 to 700 metres optimum. Northern Texas, Eastern Colorado. Good investment.
@SurvivorFan2016 Exactly. With the Wall illicit poppy market will plummet in half leaving only western Europe as the market for it. Let the Chinese control it for medicinal purposes. Xi will stop it’s illicit use. Europeans will need to get drug free. Most users there are from the ME.
@SurvivorFan2016 These Muslim jihadist women are only drawing attention to the dangers in a way all the words and warnings could never accomplish. They won’t even amount to a footnote for the history books. Their 15 seconds of fame is nearing the end.
@SurvivorFan2016 It has been an amazing feat by Trump. He charged up to the top of the hill against all their guns blazing. Deep state people are stupid. Always have been. Only we were more stupid and asleep at the switch.  But still their fire power was fearful to watch yet we knew he’d win
@SurvivorFan2016 The Asians are perfectly capable of dealing with the jihadist. They have no PC qualms about it. We are still as a nation struggling with PC. But Trump is dealing with the jihadist issue None the less.
@SurvivorFan2016 The US has no interest in controlling silk road. Poppy fields are needed for legitimate medicinal productions. But not for what the shadow government in deep states were using it for. Let China deal with Pakistan and Afghanistan.
@SurvivorFan2016 The Chinese are the solution to Pakistan and Afghanistan. Their dream of building, or should we say rebuilding the silk road to the west may well fit in to global peace plans. It may provide them with a strong economic stimulus. This time China will control it.
@SurvivorFan2016 Exactly. Agreed on all points. What is it about that Swedish heritage that leans to towards the left when on the other hand they have always had strong families up there?  Something I’ve ever been able to understand. That said they’re shifting to the right for the first time
@SurvivorFan2016 The USA will lead global growth. Not China. And the POTUS Trump USA Is already doing so. The table is set for liberating Mexico Central and South America and the entire of the southern hemisphere. Economic growth beyond what has ever been imagined is going to happen.
@SurvivorFan2016 Japan will soon become # 2 again. India has real growth now having survived it’s demonetizing debacle. Apparently it did reduce corruption somewhat. And they seem to have a desire to move into a more orderly rule based economy. There is plenty of growth in the world left
@SurvivorFan2016 China will never catch up to the USA. All of their growth &amp; gain came from globalist shifting manufacturing &amp; money from the US to China. The Chinese are sweet people but their culture is to follow and that will never change. You can not be a leader and follow at the same time
@SurvivorFan2016 This is true. Putin has actually done a very good job in protecting his people, raising their standard of living. Fending off the Muslim jihadist. Allowing freedom of religion and freedom to live peacefully. But he doesn’t tolerate the Russian punks Pussy Riot crap.
@SurvivorFan2016 And yes China needs energy but with manufacturing in decline It’s energy consumption curve is falling off. China’s potential is in shifting more into a consumer economy while updating its manufacturing. Russia needs to shift more to commercial.
@SurvivorFan2016 Absolutely.  Putin actually did a very good job in raising the living standards of his people. They experienced 500% increases in personal incomes during his tenure as president. Most of their manufacturing has focused on arms. This played well against the deep state. But now?
@SurvivorFan2016 They play chess for spoils and eat red meat that the globalist were throwing out. All that can change. Their potential can be unlocked. Singapore did it. Trump is showing North Korea how that can be done. This in turn is an object lesson. Vietnam is warming up to it.
@SurvivorFan2016 No spoils to divide and no desperation to fill the vacuum of a fallen USA.		Russia and China have really no viable economic sustainability in their current forms.  They simply lack commercial growth models, the ability to create and innovate. Only play chess.
@SurvivorFan2016 Their whole NEO OWG is now up in flames and black smoke. They’re done. They have nothing left to fight back with.
@SurvivorFan2016 Those plans went up in flames. Obama will be executed not the SECGEN executioner.
@SurvivorFan2016 It won’t go anywhere. There is no economic synergies to be had. They only get along when the US is weak. And that would have been temporary. When the US is strong there remains no possible benefit to it. No spoils to divide.
@SurvivorFan2016 There are plenty of riches in Russian soil. God provided for all the people of the earth.
@SurvivorFan2016 Exactly right. That was the globalist game plan. Their plan was for the US to capitulate into the EU controlled but US funded UN and then for the EU to quickly follow by voluntary surrender to the UN as well with the EU under Obama as SECGEN.  The Atlantic axis alliance.
@SurvivorFan2016 Putin has shifted his emphasis towards China. Again this is a wait and see how the US and China get along. This weekend actually and whether a deal gets done or not.  Russia doesn’t have a lot of places to go to dig out of its oil and gas economy bind. But it still has legs
@SurvivorFan2016 Absolutely correct. S lot of that land mass is tundra, and no place great to live, haha. But some nice spots. Putin would like to accomplish the Brezhnev doctrine but that is problematic now. Cornering energy is now obviously impossible for him, nor tech.
@SurvivorFan2016 The fact is We Are Exceptional. This is not rhetoric. It is fact. So is Israel. But We were given the mantel, tge size snd power to protect humanity. We almost lost it. Trump rescued it.  God blessed Anerica and isn’t that what we always were singing for, that God would bless US
@SurvivorFan2016 The weaker the Bush/Obama/Clinton’s made US the more unpredictable and hostile Putin became. Strength brings stability and certainty. Exactly what the globalist have strived to destroy. TheIr globalist goal was to destroy the USA and make US subjects of the OWG NWO.
@SurvivorFan2016 So concerning Putin, it’s not about trust. It’s about predictability. And as long as we are strong, and the stronger we are then the more predictable Putin becomes. It’s simple.
@SurvivorFan2016 Steam catapults giving way to electromagnetic caught his attention. Unfortunately some admirals are believers and technology. But can anyone really have faith in the path of electrons in bedded in computer chips and software programs can not be fully vetted?
@SurvivorFan2016 This was an immediate priority with POTUS Trump. We still have the means and he has shored that up. He is rebuilding the military to be greater then ever. The military is being used properly for once since WW II. Not scavenging itself. He is weeding out the tech booby traps
@SurvivorFan2016 The USA will and must remain the one and only super power among many powers. We The People are unique to any others in the world. We are special. We came together in our weaknesses and because we pulled together setting self arrogance aside our humility became our strength.
@SurvivorFan2016 The fact is We The People have always been living under a deep deception. It has cost millions and millions of American lives in needless globalist wars propelled by Globalist Zionist, not the Jewish Zionist. (That’s a tough one for people to get their heads around).
@SurvivorFan2016 All these things will become clear in hindsight as the POTUS MAGA Train steams ahead at a fast clip, much like the Flying Dutchman of his ancestry. People will put the pieces together and form a new Paradigm. The paradigm of truth which may have never existed before.
@SurvivorFan2016 The fact is the US deep state used Russia as one to heap blame for what they themselves, the globalist, were doing world wide through the US centric deep state global apparatus. This goes back to Vietnam when before, Russia was globalist controlled prior to Putin.
@realDonaldTrump 		The geopolitical plates were fracturing in the post WW II era into earth shattering events. POTUS Trump is pulling the world back together the way it was supposed to be following the great war. By the power of God he has held hold of it and is pulling it back
@SurvivorFan2016 POTUS Trump is changing things so fast that minds can’t keep up with it. We think China is still a threat. It is not. Not as long as POTUS Trump is on the bridge and all hands are on deck. No need to worry about China, Wall St, or the Fed. It’s all@under control now.
@SurvivorFan2016 POTUS Trump has turned that threat into an asset with huge future potential for the USA and China. China needed help. They were in a melt down. Still are but now the table is being set for their recovery but under fair trade. Things are changing so fast people aren’t used to it.
@SurvivorFan2016 The US was facing a far greater threat from China. But no more. That’s done.
@SurvivorFan2016 Nothing would stop Putin from moving forward if the USA failed to maintain its strength. 		No one can compete against a free market system and the USA is the only one with that. It’s the only system in the world that is not fear based except Israel. All other nations are.
@SurvivorFan2016 It’s not about trust with Putin. It’s about power. We either have it or we don’t. Putin observes now that the US has power and will not be toppled by the globalist bankers. Therefore he has backed off into a neutral position.
@SurvivorFan2016 No one should trust Putin because if there is a weakness he will move in. There is no doubt about it. But there is a principle involved. And there is a practicle element as well. He will not screw witha strong USA but is more then willing to spoil a weak one.
@SurvivorFan2016 Putin spied and did many dirty things against the USA. Was involved in attempts to subvert US politicians and politics. But was never really successful at it as the deep state was far more powerful.  Yet this anti Russian stigma lives on to those who haven’t digested the changes
@SurvivorFan2016 Putin was perceived as an enemy of the USA which was a globalist shadow gov controlled nation until POTUS Trump. Thus Putin understandably was fighting the deep state Republican and Democrats just as POTUS Trump is doing now. Sure Putin did many dirty things against the USA.
@SurvivorFan2016 There is room for more then one world power as long as the USA remains the preeminent world super power, super global reserve king dollar. Putin can only fill vacuums. As such he is a fierce competitor but as of yet, not an enemy.
@SurvivorFan2016 It may well be left to Putin to step into the EU if the European people don’t have backbone or wherewithal to overthrow the shadow EU gov. POTUS does not want to get involved and will walk away from Weatern Europe if yellow jackets cant move from the streets to parliament seats
@SurvivorFan2016 Putin is not a bad actor. He will step in wherever he feels the right to do so. Putin’s Russia is not a POTUS sycophant. It acts in its own interest. Rightfully so. At the same time when Putin’s interest are aligned with POTUS he cooperates. Alignments is not perfect but fair.
@SurvivorFan2016 Maduro has been set up by POTUS and Putin. This is Presidential prerogative in directing foreign treaties by executive powers whether by voice as at Yalta or in writing after the fact as at Yalta. This is cooperation with a foreign power, not political collusion in 2016.
@SurvivorFan2016 Putin is not a Soviet. He is an economist by education initially who acquired many skills in the KGB as well many others along the way. He is a certified Nacal Commander and a qualified Super sonic bomber pilot. So who do you think had the conversations with Maduro? POTUS agreed
@SurvivorFan2016 Putin was able to make an entire assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of Maduro straight from Madurai’s big fat loud mouth. And then he sat back to watch while having already formed his plan should politics in the USA win over justice. Alas POTUS Trump forges on perfectly.
@SurvivorFan2016 Should POTUS Trump have not stepped in (And he has) then Putin would have had every right to do so. Putin is not given to jump with rash decisions. He was patiently waiting to see things unfold. In the mean time play the friend to Maduro to get the pulse and spy intel.
@SurvivorFan2016 If POTUS Trump were not to have taken an enlarged interest then Putin was ready to step in if POTUS Trump was prevented from doing so by the Congress. Would he have taken his tribute of oil for doing so and freeing the people? Yes. And the US should have done so with Iraq too.
@SurvivorFan2016 Putin is staying neutral on Venezuela. He sent a couple of his diplomats down there in bombers to give Maduro some friendly advice while waiting to see what POTUS Trump would be able to do pending the politics.  Had we done nothing Putin was ready to step in.
Bad actors have been pulled out or bypassed or in some cases left for disinformation confusion to the deep state.  The Navy and the USMC is now serving POTUS not the global communist corrupted State Department traitors which goes back to John Foster Dulles. POTUS has control.
All the technology and military resources that the shadow gov and deep state were controlling to screw up the world are now being used for the first time ever to do good and it will save the world despite EU &amp; UK deep state traitors attempts to sabotage. They’ve been cut out.
The 400 IS Troops on the ground are being protected by TACAMO airborne command centers, satellites ground listening devices monitored by AI. Every conversation spoken is heard		Graham on the Dems' resolution to block Trump’s emergency declaration https://t.co/sO17DehSGf
@SurvivorFan2016 Maduro is a fat ass fool. He is stupid enough and high enough on cocaine to be daring POTUS Trump. The man is an utter fool. He will never know what hit him. He will face a military tribunal and he will be hung. It will be over before the Dems read the morning WP papers.
@SurvivorFan2016 A small special forces unit with logistics involves thousands in theater. Thousands out of theater most without direct knowledge.  Reagan did it. G.H Bush did it. Maduro wants the show down now which is why he is burning food and slaughtering and starving civilians.
@SurvivorFan2016 The inversion is coming. A small special forces unit will remove Maduro just as Manuel Antonio Noriega was removed from Panama but not for the corrupt reasons that motivated G.H Bush which was to set up drug and child trafficking with the Chinese deep state via Panama Canal zone
Lindsey Graham is fully onboard. He is all in with POTUS Trump.  The US was sowing foreign affairs failures around the world for decades under the control of the Satanic globalist. In particular after the assassination of JFK. We can liberate the world		https://t.co/sO17DehSGf
@realDonaldTrump We need those pipelines and ANWAR 10 Billion barrels of Oil ramped up.  The ANWAR reserves have purposely been understated with no revisions made applying state of the art oil drilling production, fracking.  And the refineries are still choking on the Koch brothers.
@realDonaldTrump Absolutely. Deep state oil traders side stepping and ganging up on Saudi with the rest of OPEC, with Venezuela and Iran joining in at the shadow globalist invisable hands wha are directing through their couriers. Block the couriers.
Lots of deep truth bites in this particular YouTube episode.  Very positive news and info as MAGA advances following POTUS Trump’s leadership.		Tribunals Are Coming Its Official! https://t.co/iN1CeSsTkJ via @YouTube
@marklutchman The Oscars are nothing more then a Satanic Luciferian worship ritual complete with Child sacrifices taking place below the stage in their belief that it increases their witchcraft powers of description and control. It’s Halloween. Pray they get exposed naked.
Have courage Tribunal Judges.  Just uphold truth, justice and Law. A slap on the hand for fear of meting out punishment only would allow Evil to continue and flourish. 		Tribunals Are Coming Its Official! https://t.co/iN1CeSsTkJ via @YouTube
Trump can fix America. He can fix Venezuela and Latin America, Mexico, the Southern Hemisphere, North Korea, China. 5 eyes Australia, the UK and Europe.  It can be done. It is being done BUT Can We Fix Ourselves?  		There is no self power without Jesus. Judeo Christian ethic
Look at what Congress has done. They’ve allowed themselves to be controlled by foreign nationals like George Soros. He will be executed shortly. Republicans Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell did the bidding of foreign nationals. McConnel is flipping. Coward Ryan was afraid to flip.
Should the Powers of the President reside with a Congress which is so easily corrupted and misguided? Look at what Congress has become.  It’s all been controlled by George Soros. And this is why we should want Congress to override and take away POTUS powers?
So POTUS will be elected to four terms. The Congress will repeal term limits on the POTUS. The regenerated Congress will see the wisdom of limiting its power and giving the Constitutional powers designed by the Founding Fathers back to the POTUS where it belongs. Not Soros.
Truth guarantees success if you stick to it relentlessly. Never backing down, Never afraid of offending cowards. Those who’ve failed to make their choice in life to follow the truth and suffer pain.  Those who have failed to choose will attempt to inflict pain to justify self.
Who is the righteous leader? What qualifies him? It’s the one who walked through the mine fields of life encompassing all of the disciplines of an orderly society &amp;nation adhering to Truth the longest. Facing the facts, not ducking into easy compromises or forsaking pure results
The good man, The good woman seeks a righteous leader knowing that the ends will be good. That their hopes for fairness, being well treated, being free from the bondages of slavery and  corruption can only be achieved through adherence to truth which serves people not enslaves.
So one man has walked in Truth. When you walk in truth you don’t need crutches. You don’t need to look away from what is wrong. You don’t need to get a wife of power and follow after it being indifferent to it being evil power. What is evil? It is betraying people.
Without truth, righteous can not be found. Not in the land. Not when one faces a problem deserving a righteous response, in the market place, in court. 		Without Truth God can not be heard, only ignored by a conscience that has turned away from truth. The Truth will set you free
The word “Character” has lost its salt. It’s a lip service word which broadly has no longer has practicle meaning nor application in our Nation today. Character is not being acquired (Thanks to corrupt public schools &amp; universities) and a God forgotten.
How many people left in the USA today are willing to stand steady for truth? In the workplac, government? When you know it’s wrong and you refuse to go along, how many people like the whistleblower are willing to hold truth and endure getting crushed by corruption? Yet fight
As a nation We’ve grown fat dumb &amp; happy. Like eating a big thanksgiving meal only to sit down in our easy chair and fall asleep. We have lost our wisdom. Our rugged individuality but not just individuality unbridled,we’ve lost self disciplined individuality that sticks to truth
Senator Ted Cruz is on the Trump Train, thank God. He gives great speeches and lends critical support but does he have the wisdom, the witts to really intuitively wield power? Because when rule of law is gone it takes wide use of power to force good and cut off corruption.
Many, perhaps most of the billionaires are products of the globalist deep state directly as in tech or indirectly as in Buffett. Wasn’t Buffett playing friendly with HRC because he was smart and thought she would win?  Satan picks weak men who are smart and unrestrained.
The only capable man would like Trump have to be a self made man who never relied on others to pull him up to their lofty positions. And frankly this is very rare. Gates, Paulson allowed the deep state and globalist to control them. Same with Larry Ellison, Zukerberg.
@realDonaldTrump 		POTUS Trump will be elected to 4 terms. By then hopefully enough people will be awake and a leader will emerge. But frankly no one else has the life long devotion to the power of truth exercised daily for 50, 60 years in every discipline required.
@NahBabyNah Marco Rubio is not a freedom fighter. He is a bitter little man who seeks power. He isn’t that smart. Cubans should vote him out and vote a true Cuban American patriot in to the US Senate.  Rubio is a Soros zombi robot.  Soros programmed Marco Rubio and Rubio is a loyal robot.
@NahBabyNah The globalist want you to feel defeated. But the fact is they are the ones who are now finely defeated thanks to one man who loves truth and sees truth as the most powerful force over evil, POTUS Donald Trump.  Actually easy when the mind becomes free of globalist conditioning.
@NahBabyNah The American Conservative is deep state.  They deceptively write That Anerica cannot fix Venezuela or Latin America.  This only perpetuates the global communist agenda by taking out the one force that can liberate Venezuela &amp; Latin America when We are not globalist controlled.
@NahBabyNah Globalist targeted regions of the world to expand their drug and human trafficking enterprises. They use the cover of helping to liberate people to freedom when in fact they were doing the opposite using the military which unwittingly went patriotically to the mission.
@NahBabyNah The American mind has been shaped to believe that we always fail, so don’t even try.  A long trail of globalist State Department sabotaged efforts were designed to actually cause failures paving the way for globalist bases in Cuba &amp; Latin America two funnel drugs, child traffic
@NahBabyNah @realDonaldTrump The USA can fix Venezuela and can fix Latin America through sound honest caring leadership for the people.		Previous POTUS efforts were sabotaged by globalist such as GH Bush. JFK tried to free Cuba from globalist corruption. Reagan tried to free Nicaragua.
@NahBabyNah G.H. Bush was directing Iran Contra opperation to sabotage the Contras attempt to liberate Nicaragua and bring President Ronald Reagan down in a scandal to be impeached which would have left GH bush as POTUS. Reagan was to popular to impeach but Bush largely succeeded.
@NahBabyNah America under globalist control has never tried to build peace in the world since World War II.  JFK tried and was assassinated.  President Ronald Reagan tried and suffered an assassination attempt planned by his VP GH Bush.
@NahBabyNah The globalist have created a track record of failure in Latin America, pretending to help while actually sabotaging peace and security in the region. Instead of turning it into a base operations for drug production, smuggling, human trafficking and worse.
@NahBabyNah The globalist while pretending to be helping to fix Latin America were actually doing the opposite through the US CIA, state department diplomats and deep state presidents. Think Vietnam War. Think G.H. Bush Bay of Pigs, JFK,  VP Bush Mena Arkansas Iran Contra
@NahBabyNah The USA Can fix Venezuela and Latin America. “The terrible track record of Trying to fix Latin America”  was a deep state trail of sabotage. Think Bay Of Pigs. CIA and globalist State Department betrayal of the Cuban freedom fighters.  Then JFK assassination for trying.
Congress Blindsides Hillary – Democrat Plan For Trump Gets Clinton I-nstead https://t.co/WmCaUEiKnu via @YouTube
@polishprincessh This is what we get when pot smoking Law Breakers become law makers.  The inmate criminals have been running America into prison, criminalizing good people like Mike Flynn and exonerating criminals like Brennan,Clapper, Comey, Clinton’s, McCabe, Strzok et al.
Socialist CA 5th largest economy in the world and it’s broke. Socialist Venezuela, largest oil reserves in the world and its broke.		Could it be any more clear.	How many more examples are needed?		WTP say no thanks no way.		https://t.co/rLx3qe0sji via @YouTube
@StormIsUponUs @heidi_weigand India is a rising star in the global economy.  It has everything needed to build upon a self sustaining economy. Most importantly the desire to move further into a “Rule Based” economy that produces, not leaches off of the USA. Synergies result for both nations.
@StormIsUponUs @heidi_weigand The wording “Globalist warlords” couldn’t be more apropos.  Coined and minted.
@RyanHillMI @realDonaldTrump You may be interested to know the names on a long list of Congressional staff memebers with knowledge and involvement in The coup d’état who themselves will be facing a multiple of charges on top of child sex trafficking, high crimes &amp; Misdemeanors, conspiracy sedition &amp; treason
Glen Beck, talk talk talk talk and so much prideful grand standing.  Folks we are in dire straights. The deep state in the USA alone is some 3 million strong but quite easily its influence reaches up to 30,000,000 people across every sector in America. We have a huge problem.
Intellectual pride is a road hazard.
Glen Beck can’t seem to give a full endorsement to POTUS Trump. Make no mistake, no one else can handle this mess. The fact of the matter is we are a nation full of loosers and no one wants to admit it. Everyone at the top has been just sucking up to the corrupt system.
What does Glen Beck have against Trump?  No one else can handle the mess we’re in and he seems to imply another could. 4 terms for POTUS Trump. 		Glenn Beck Says We're One Election Away From Losing The USA https://t.co/aKr8j586sq via @YouTube
This is how honest business gets done among people with principles. That is,  people who deal in good faith for the betterment of all people because that’s what breeds prosperity, stability and well being for everyone. Not socialism. 		https://t.co/JUhN5khnEd via @YouTube
Protect your children from the black mass Catholic Church.  The hidden one.  Satanic Child Sacrifice - Ronald Bernard - April 2018 Testimony https://t.co/m37HYZeMjE via @YouTube
The media is corrupt and Fox News is deep state compromised.  Pray for the breakthrough. It is coming.		Alliance vs Deep State: The Final Showdown! David Wilcock Best Interview... https://t.co/XTnpKfQ0H5 via @YouTube
@CNN  @AC360 @realDonaldTrump 		You do realize that there is only one person who when he speaks the whole world actually listens to? President Donald Trump.  His voice grabs immediate attention world wide while your puppet voices drone on in airports all day long.
@LovToRideMyTrek @Patrici15767099 O.J. Simpson, and a host of others receiving PC fake justice while We The People were ravaged by justice denied. This is deep state anti justice being administered softly as tacit approval of his despicable act. Fire the judicial system. Replace with Constitutional one.
@CNBC Wall Street failed in its service to We The People. Expect a radical restructuring. 		Soon.
@CNBC Roger Stone will go to jail for a while until he receives a pardon. Mueller on the other hand will be strapped into the electric chair.
@DollieAnn2 @RealJamesWoods Everything about these disgusting people is a Hollywood illusion. They will all be gone and forgotten soon.  Fantastic! The line for the honor of pulling the switch is long.  It will take a while to get rid of PC but not to long.
@marklevinshow Hillary’s relationship with the press (Is she alive enough to be hung for treason?) is not simply a cozy relationship.  Her relationship is a partnership with the deep state cabal in service to the Globalist bankers who DO NOT DESERVE TO RULE THE WORLD. They are stupid.
@RealJamesWoods Obama has the mind of a third world dictator but he hides it behind a big smile that he wears knowing he is cleaning up on suckers. Obama hates Americans. Hates America and is a globalist agent with the mission to destroy America.  Treason, crimes against humanity Megalocriminal
@BreitbartNews Beto. How did we get so many self righteous idiots in the USA where everyone once had great family and work ethics. Oh, it’s the sick universities. 		Stop all government funding of non stem.
@PianistRichard @BoeingAirplanes Seating configuration is the airlines choice. JAL goes with one less across so its 2-4-2 in the economy cabin verses AA 9 across in a 3-3-3.
@Hmiller1011 @BoeingAirplanes @Boeing JAL has only 8 seats across in their 787 economy cabin. 2-4-2.  Very nice. It’s an airline choice. The 797 will be 2-3-2 in economy just like the 767’s.  Love the variable tinting windows.
@CNBC Krugman knows nothing about economics. He is a charlatan and a shyster. A sycophant sucking on the teets of the globalist pigs.  He has a weak mind.
@CNBC Venezuela is nothing more then a slave to the globalist Satanic Zionist (Not Jewish Zionist) Rothschild bankers who’ve plundered the nation and turned it into a black ops base to spread globalist tyranny, death and destruction aimed at the Southern Hemisphere.  		No more.
RT @SheriffClarke: Oh come on Cook County prosecutor. This is undercharged. @JussieSmollett should be charged with a HATE CRIME enhancer. H…
@rosedixontx Smaller is guilty of hate crimes.
Poor California. You just have to feel sad for how the governments have just ruined the state. California used to be so free and now it’s all tangled up in weirdo psychopaths politics.  We The People in CAL have been taken hostage by global communism by a Soros dictatorship
@ewarren Looks like she was getting really great quality health care. In that picture with a big comfortable bed with fluffy pillows in a nice hospital room. Leave the USA and see what kind of health care mothers get in communist countries.  Warren is so transparently stupid.
@DavidWohl @CNN @JussieSmollett So will Don Lemon be the next make pretend victim?
@RealJamesWoods They’re always pretending to be victims even while helping to push support for a coup d’état.  Like they’re little innocent children at their lemonade stand being picked on by bullies.  Of course they arrest kids with a lemonade stand in their front yard.
@RealJamesWoods And they hit elderly lady’s with bike locks, Lear we forget. 		And following the leftist play book they might be found to have staged it.
RT @obetterworld: .BE A BETTER TRAVELLER. Discover the second largest coastal lagoon in the world, observe rare, migratory birds and explor…
Another FBI false flag. 		Pelosi, journalists targeted in Coast Guard terror plot - WND https://t.co/cLqJRKaZqG via @worldnetdaily
@realDonaldTrump California Never intended to build a high speed train. The whole thing was a Soros globalist scam to steal money from tax paying We The People. And it is a political land grab and redustricting scheme. A vehicle to hide corruption.
RT @realDonaldTrump: California now wants to scale back their already failed “fast train” project by substantially shortening the distance…
World Holds Breath After Julian Assange Agrees To Trumps' Terms https://t.co/6BUrYu35GM via @YouTube
World Holds Breath After Julian Assange Agrees To Trumps' Terms https://t.co/6BUrYukGyk via @YouTube
Julian Assange Issues Eerie Warning Before His Last Interview Blackout, ... https://t.co/otBcgRsSZC via @YouTube
The US gov from Congress to the Judiciary to agencies to the Fed to DOJ has become all around completely disfunctional.  POTUS is having to forge everything from scratch into conformity with the US Constitution piece by piece. Individuals in gov don’t get it.
It doesn’t matter now what the Fed “Thinks”, “Says” or does. The Fed is irrelevant to global finance now because POTUS Trump has taken the reigns directly just as he has done with China and NOKO relations, Saudi, Israel. And has addressed ISIS, Iran. Don’t worry about the Fed.
China and NOKO relations are not being handled the way previous globalist POTUS’s did them. No clump of globalist diplomats in suits going to China.  Just POTUS Trump. Banking is being handled in the same way, dirsectly by POTUS.  It doesn’t matter now what the Fed says or does.
These shifts Are Not Temporary. They are the future, or should we say back to the future. But this time it’s not Bretton Woods with globalist traitors to freedom sitting at the table. There is no table. There are tables. That’s how freedom and an honest system works.
The Fed &amp; Euro central bankers are being pushed to the side. American regional banking is on the go to do structured deals with EU businesses. EU restrictions are being side stepped through international channels being used to shift financing into stability via King Dollar
EU CEO founders and survivors are doing what they need to do to position their enterprises to endure EU economic havoc. They know it is the € that is about to collapse not the Dollar. Business is doing an end fun around central bankers as US regional bankers are in Europe now.
No world sovereign is looking to sell US Treasuries except China which needs cash to sustain its economy.  The Dollar will strengthen which will leave China in an even worse recovery mode when it seeks to restructure China Inc. POTUS Trump has all things on the Right hyper track
There will be no recession and NO DOLLAR Reset.  European business are scrambling to shift financing out of the € and into the US Dollar while at the same time buying up corporate bonds in their own companies using €’s to do it.		https://t.co/OuJEHbAf1G via @YouTube
The good guys don’t win by protesting. That’s what leftist do.  We The People don’t abide by the leftist Saul Alinsky play book. We don’t pout to win. We fight with truth on our side		 https://t.co/XsQRsfUakZ via @YouTube
The fact is this decision and policies are completely within the POTUS Constitutional discretion. Unlike Obama, POTUS Trump is stabilizing the ME through strong alliances verses Obama’s destabilizing, creating ISIS, death and destruction. Fake News is the enemy of the People.
Under POTUS Trump an Israel/Saudi alliance has blossomed into stabilizing a war torn region of the world where more people have suffered then in any other region.		But don’t expect MSM Fake News to ever be on the right side of real progress. Progress is not an “ism’. It’s real.
@RepMarkMeadows The only way to stop them is to bang them for treason or they will never stop disrupting and sabotaging our beloved USA. 		They hate We The People. They hate freedom. They are Socialist, butbreally just Communist. We The People are not. 		Stop them.
Perhaps the number of man and woman is to be 8, for his resurrected  body, soul and spirit will be perfected for all of mankind by the work of God the Father, Jesus and the Holy Spirit commencing the eternal eighth day. Mankind to be completed on the 8th day. From 6-8.
Anyone who flew in the Concord will testify that they saw the curvature of the earth from 60,000 feet.  The world governed by politics which is typically witchcraft, Trump excepted, should not be allowed to jade all things including belief in a spherical earth.
Whereas the earth spins faster at the equator then towards the poles there is no such method to determine longitude. Thus longitudinal navigation can only be determined accurately by using comparisons for orientation followed by inertial tracking. Thus we know axis is N-S.
How do flat earth theorist explain a ship sailing out to sea disappearing over the horizon?
Our wonderful marvelous God created man on the 6th day. We are stuck with that number for now. The 8th day is coming  Resurrection Regeneration. 8 means new beginning; a new order or creation, man's true 'born again' event when he is resurrected from the dead into eternal life.”
Don’t let speed of the earth around the sun calculations based on 666 make you think that it’s all a Satanic plot.  6 is the number of man because he was created in the sixth day. The number of the anti christ is 666 because his body soul and spirit fell prey to Satan. 888 won’t
Having awakened to the realizations that our “World view” is a construction of lies It is understandably easy see how we can be led off into doubting everything and anything.  When world views formed since birth are shattered, we begin to loose faith in everything learned.
Man can manipulate history, words and opinions but man can not manipulate the facts of science. He can lie about science but Christian who are scientists and honest scientist not in the Satanic globalist payroll can and do report scientific facts in abundance to counter liars
Nearly everything we know about history is a lie, but God laid the foundations of the earth and his creation so that it could be observed by man (And smart women). Creation stands as a witness of truth that testifies against lies.
The world spins faster about its axis at the equator moving farther in circumference then it does at the Poles. This is quantified with laser inertial gyros which can sense the earths rotation speed thus identifying latitude from North to South....
The world is full of lies. The whole world of life is full of lies, but some things are true. God created the earth in truth. There is enough truth in the world to give evidence to the fact that truth does exist in contrast to lies.  Don’t throw the baby out with the bath water.
Flat earth theory is bunk. so how do flat earth theorists explain the rings around the planet Saturn?  		https://t.co/3E0Kt5Ntzj via @YouTube
The media doesn’t just hate Trump, they have an agenda as co-conspirators to Sovietize America as UN occupied land in a global Communist one world order. 		The MS Media is a key propaganda arm of the coup d’état treasonous LGBT Pedo cabal. 		https://t.co/Tnv0Adf4dp via @YouTube
@CNBC Con man enters the Presidential race.
@CNBC The Amazon wristband to track workers will be outlawed by Congress. Laws will be past to prevent Amazon from treating employees like animals. Dehumanizing People is a threat to all people from the wealthiest on down. We The People don’t treat humans that way.
@Patrici15767099 Yes, it’s an old Democrat trick and it’s always about a rope and a noose because that’s what the Democrat party is known for.  They always accuse others of what they do or have done.
@realDonaldTrump Historic Speech marking the beginning of freedom about to sweep across the Southern Hemisphere lifting hope, work, purpose and prosperity to All families and nations. 		We love you Jesus and thank you for your Power appropriated to the righteous leaders and their people.
@davidericstan @gilli5 High taxes take your individual economic power and thus political power away. Satan always taxes the people heavily.  Your local political power was drained away along with your True wealth while they substituted socialistic Wellfare like programs so you wouldn’t feel their pain
@davidericstan @gilli5 Europe has Donald Trumps because Jesus cares about you. He has prepared them in case you pray. He has prepared men who will lead you back to freedom and freedom as you have never had before which brings low taxes, high productivity, wealth to working families.
@davidericstan @gilli5 We The People in the USA woke up to a nightmare. A Soviet Globalist coup d’état against our president and our Constitution targeting both for distraction.  So we prayed and Jesus went into action. He had prepared Donald Trump all along in case we prayed.
@davidericstan @gilli5 Jesus wants to help you. He can help you. He will help you. Just ask. Evil comes from Satan and those who follow after him. The Catholic Church Pope is of Satan. So you rejected Jesus who hates religion and even said so, calling the religious white washed tombs.
@davidericstan @gilli5 EU leaders have imported a jihadist mercenary army to eradicate the EU and UK populist. Next their plans are set to employ jihadist as Blue Helmet UN forces to go town to town slaughtering. This is your fate. Turn to God Jesus and he will help you. Jesus wants to help you.
@davidericstan @gilli5 The Soviet globalist have you all defending yourselves, fighting back for dignity against corrupt police in the streets. 		Identify the snakes. cut the heads of Hydra off. There are not that many at the top who are persecuting the People.  You don’t control the courts or gov.
@davidericstan @gilli5 It is coming up on 1938 in Europe and the UK all over again.  Maybe this time the People are awake before it is to late. And it may already be to late....   Fight for your freedom.  Freedom It’s so beautiful. Now we know what people fought for through the ages and finely won.
@RobertMaguire_ @realDonaldTrump @60Minutes Life long Republican mean nothing. We have plenty of corrupt Republicans burrowed in, blending in while fully working to betray We The People. 		And Yes, We The People believe President Puten when he says there was no collusion with Candidate Trump. Only idiots believe there was
@DavidWohl @realDonaldTrump Actually We The People are hoping to see Mueller investigates and charged.
@realDonaldTrump We The People agree completely 100% with you President Trump.  And we are disgusted with Mueller and the Democrats and hope all those responsible in this coup d’état conspiracy will be brought to full justice for the sake of our nation and people.
Q: A CLEAR &amp; PRESENT DANGER https://t.co/zR9KKXEz6V via @YouTube
Let the Dems think Trump is weak. Time is valuable. 		When your are strong pretend you are weak. 		When you are weak pretend you are strong. 		POTUS Trump is pretending to look like he lost an important battle of the bill. But it ends in September. Things will make sense before
RT @308saiga: Makes one  Wonder " IF " -----308saiga https://t.co/N7EG52iznX
Q is real.  Did we not just see the G.H. Bush funeral? Was that real? Do we remember the look on Jeb Bush’s face? Laura Bush? G.W. Bush’s reaction. 		Have we forgotten the envelopes?  Information is being gathered at GITMO.		https://t.co/hiewmRjp0e via @YouTube
What do you think?
Let’s get a few more heads of the hydra cut off before we go strong publicity.  Patience will be rewarded.
When you are weak pretend you are strong.		When you are strong..  pretend you are weak. Don’t loose hope. There is no reason too.		Dave Janda – Globalists Win if MAGA Supporters Walk https://t.co/SHTq6oleRE via @YouTube
This is what they want to do to us.  The Democrats are the party of self destruction insanity. Beto Supporters CAUGHT Doing Most SICK Act At Rally https://t.co/x2wY6pfYKW via @YouTube
Fire SCOTUS for now until Natural Law under a morally clean uncorupted SCOTUS can be resumed.  Expect further National Emergencies. Expect POTUS to redistrict “HIS” 9th Circuit Federal Court.
SCOTUS has acted irresponsibly for decades. Forcing abortion which is murder upon a populace who were against it and recognized the evil of it. Every other plank of the Zionist (Not Jews) long march to global communism has been laid down by SCOTUS. Fire SCOTUS for now.
POTUS will fire The Congress and SCOTUS and will enforce the full measure of the US Constitution of these branches of government as they continue to do the bidding of foreign powers who’ve bought off, and control by many means the SCOTUS &amp; Congress.  He has the Constitution.
The US Constitution prior to POTUS Trump has been so overrun as to not even recognize the USA for what it was Constituted to be and what men and women have long died for. They died for freedom not a piece of chocolate cake with gold frosting or Dem pedo pizza.
Without a POTUS operating fully and freely under the US Constitution as it was intentionally designed by the framers, the US floundered and drifted into clear and present dangers facing US today.  POTUS Trump is taking back Constitutionally appointed powers of the POTUS.
SCOTUS and Congress have no mandate to withhold their support based upon placing their own opinions above that of the duly elected POTUS applying the mandate of We The People to set national policy.  Policy is appointed by the Constitution POTUS not the Congress or SCOTUS.
The SCOTUS was never meant to be in contest with the POTUS. The check and balance of authority was Never intended as a means of debating opinions, but rather only as a check on illegalities already established in law by the Congress.
The Congress was NEVER intend to be a ruling body but rather was intended to make Laws in conformity to POTUS policies with Natural Law as its guide to make POTUS policies clear.
The idea that every branch of The US government, that is the POTUS, Congress and SCOTUS are co equal rulers of government does not follow the design of the US Constitution. SCOTUS was Never intended to Rule from the bench, much less a federal district judge. They are not Rulers.
Start with the overall intent that the framers applied to the design of the US Constitution. A rudder. A decisive elected POTUS leader. A Senate to support not second guess an Elected Mandate by We The People. A House to represent home grown district issues of National finance.
Alt right Discourse and reactive arguments that focus Constitutional rebuttals to Democrat party criminal insanities being perpetrated results in something like a dog chasing its tail. What is needed is a basic understanding of the intended functions by design of the USC.
What is needed from Fox &amp; alt right Truth media is a very simple explanation of the US Constitution’s purpose in structure. But what we get are crumbs of nuggets here and there but never the whole cake to feed and pass on the basic knowledge which makes understanding intuitive
Arresting the heads of the hydra snake and bring them to US Military tribunals to face the abundant facts in evidence followed their swift executions is beginning to free the USA and the world to function in common good sense for the benefit of humanity rather then against.
Controlling the rats in Congress is just exactly what the global communist are all about and by that they have taken away your voice from your State district’s influence in government. 		You have no voice and no power in Congress anymore until it gets a good House cleaning.
People do not elect a Representative to be sent to DC only to be controlled right down to when they should stand up and when they should sit down like a well trained dog. When to clap or not clap. Pelosi couldn’t even decide for herself when to, much less for others.
“President Pelosi” sees herself as the rat with the megaphone to shout out control to all the little rats. Of course she intentionally meant to put, what she wrongfully believes to be her power, on display at the SOTU by controlling Representatives.
Even worse is when staffers begin to view themselves as a check against their boss who happens to be the Senator or Congressman.
@SpeakerPelosi 		House Speaker Pelosi is one such rat in the lower house of rats who with her megaphone seeks to use 435 rudders to steer our ship of state off course and into the globalist rocks waiting to sink US.
If you want to destroy the USA then all you really have to do is Destroy a POTUS, the Rudder of the USS Constitution and let 435 rats each have a rudder. Then get one big foolish rat with a megaphone to control enough of the 435 rats to steal the ship of course into the rocks.
Senators and Congressmen were NEVER meant to be leaders. They were elected for their knowledge vision and temperament inclined to wisdom by which they were to support the POTUS, only acting as a check against a rogue POTUS as defined as acting against We The People.
You get these people who inflate the position their elected role was intended to play as one individual within their elected body. “President Pelosi” for one recent overt example. McConnell saying “We will take a look at a POTUS decision and decide” as another. Self importance
POTUS has Fired the US Congress for now, because he had to in order to save US from the corrupt shadow government deep state Congress.  The LOWER House was never meant to be the rudder of the ship. A ship only has one rudder not 435 rudders. Doesn’t this make sense?
It’s time to review the wisdom of the founding fathers and to understand in a less mechanical way the intentions of Constitutional government under the design of the US Constitution.  It really isn’t that complicated. The devil flourishes is complexity to obscure the basics.
The Senate occupying the Upper chamber was intended to be an intelligent thinking body limited in number and debate to make law congruent to Presidential direction with the unique advisory power to check against a rogue POTUS. But not to stymie a duly elected operating mandate.
@POTUS @POTUS @RepMarkMeadows @foxandfriends @seanhannity @marklevinshow 		Congress has intruded upon the office of POTUS for decades since the Vietnam War. 		The Framers knew that a ship has but One Rudder not 435 independent rudders for a reason.
@mid_day @Central_Railway @sureshpprabhu @PiyushGoyal @RailMinIndia @rajtoday POTUS has Fired the US Congress for now, because he had to in order to save US from the corrupt shadow government deep state Congress.  The LOWER House was never meant to be the rider of the ship. A ship only has one rudder not 435 rudders. Doesn’t this make sense?
@mid_day @Central_Railway @sureshpprabhu @PiyushGoyal @RailMinIndia @rajtoday The shadow government has had far more tools available to it to manipulate control over the USA through Congress then it had through the high profile office of POTUS. Tools such as grid lock, kabuki politics, rules of order and an endless other tricks could and were used.
@mid_day @Central_Railway @sureshpprabhu @PiyushGoyal @RailMinIndia @rajtoday The globalist used the American People’s anger over the Vietnam War to reduce the power of POTUS as Comander in Chief and as Chief Executive of the USA. They shifted power from the POTUS to Their bought and paid for Congress where they could exercise more complete control.
@mid_day @Central_Railway @sureshpprabhu @PiyushGoyal @RailMinIndia @rajtoday Congress will NEVER have the intellectual capacity, depth of background in sufficient mass to ever guid the ship of Stars nor was it EVER intended to do so by the framers. The Vietnam War was a shadow gov deep state CIA Johnson era globalist NEOCON fraud.
@mid_day @Central_Railway @sureshpprabhu @PiyushGoyal @RailMinIndia @rajtoday @CNBC @RepMarkMeadows 		Get ready for the Indo-Pacific economic boom to add US GDP growth		Past Congressional intrusion &amp; legislations signed by deep state POTUS’s are an unConstitutional intrusion and usurpation of Presidential Executive Powers. This is ending.
@mid_day @Central_Railway @sureshpprabhu @PiyushGoyal @RailMinIndia @rajtoday “policy of the US to develop and commit to a long-term strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region that secures its vital national security interests and its allies and partners;”
Indo-Pacific: Trump signs legislation enhancing US leadership in Indo-Pacific region into law.  Expect a ramp up of US FDI as investment shift from China to India..  China will boom and the USA will profit adding more GDP growth.  https://t.co/jRa9UwGhY5
@mid_day @Central_Railway @sureshpprabhu @PiyushGoyal @RailMinIndia @rajtoday India now has easier access to FDI then China. The runway is clear.
@mid_day @Central_Railway @sureshpprabhu @PiyushGoyal @RailMinIndia @rajtoday Train number 18, the beginning of a new era in India. This is transformational.  As smart cities become connected, these trains will expedite commerce and travel and will help to alleviate air traffic congestion as New modern airports begin to pop up. India has natural resources
There seems to be something about the Democrats and ropes that “Tie” Them all together.  https://t.co/OdeaDHhFGx
Seems the meth labs are being used to make biological weapons of mass destruction.
@PhilaTPPatriots @SandraTXAS There is an old saying that “Seeing is believing” and this is what the deep state CIA MSM does. They want people to see and believe Fake News, pointing eyes away from truth to only see lies which become truth in the minds of people who become the victims of deception.
@PhilaTPPatriots @SandraTXAS The media is deep state. It is the mind control propaganda machine of the globalist Communist. The deep state are told where to point the cameras ahead of time every time ie CNN Roger Stone.  		Where do they point the cameras? They point eyes away from truth.
@SandraTXAS Cortez is an animated puppet provocateur.  Every word she speaks is coached by her handlers.  She is the now favored voice of the globalist communists. Their desperate attempt to produce a fake narrative that Millennials favor communism. The truth is they do not.
RT @sotiridi: #Update: The four people serious in critical condition in #Rouen after a car deliberately drove on #GiletsJaunes protestors t…
RT @unscriptedmike: Twitter censored Trump’s retweet of this video. But it already had millions of views. 		Now it will get many million mo…
RT @Jamierodr10: .OUTSTANDING! This man is fed up with the Liberals destructive behavior. “Every time you say that’s not my flag, Trump is…
@Navy1983mjb @RepMarkMeadows Early 19th century folks had good sense. Hangings there would’ve been no big deal. Folks used to get a sense of relief to see vile and dangerous criminals hung. But then again they never would have tolerated same sex outhouses either. And they knew a man from a women too.
@Navy1983mjb @RepMarkMeadows The video images of those being executed will show a very formal process because it is the image to be projected of American justice being administered by the United States of America. Not banana republic justice. 21 Century brainwashed have to be brought along in steps.
@Navy1983mjb @RepMarkMeadows But maybe a little more official like because there are still some brainwashed who can not handle the truth much less know what sex a child is born with.  		Many in Congress or who were in Congress are facing tribunals. Including senior staffers who are the couriers.
@RepMarkMeadows POTUS Powers are saving the day. On the other hand Congress is proven to be inept at best, actually, totally corrupt.  Of course your speaking rhetorically but consider the White House is Clean 100% but Congress has years of House Cleaning ahead before becoming trustworthy.
Often agents in agencies are told what to do based on a false scenario feed to them. This gives agents the belief that they are conducting legal, justified operations without really knowing the sinister true elements and motives of the deep state. People are flipping.
WenThe People are glad to see FBI and DOJ folks flipping from deep state to truth.  Of course We The People are way ahead of them, having already recognized the deep state threat with its dire implications. The Hold outs have been afraid of DS retribution &amp; loosing jobs.
WHAT HAPPENED IN LA? #SpaceForceExtraction #RedPill78Source #PlanZAverted https://t.co/hRHDekndPf via @YouTube
RT @JackPosobiec: Twitter just censored this video from President Trump’s account. Be a shame if we made it viral again https://t.co/oh1B2t…
RT @_LoveLike_JESUS: .	 All the Forces of Darkness	        Cannot stop What	      “GOD has Ordained"		-- Retweet if you Believe --	.
Nothing has cemented in the minds of those who felt prisoners to the deep state within FBI &amp; DOJ then the issue over the “Wall” as it has so clearly revealed the insanity, the dangers, that have been propelled by the deep state into the heart beat of America.
The Wall has turned out to be the biggest impetus to a flood of folks flipping from deep state to Truth, Justice and the American way. Super!👍😀👍
Many in FBI and DOJ flipping, revealing dark FBI “Illegal secrets” and where to look to find them. The handwriting Is On The “Wall”. 		https://t.co/XmTCqT3rOQ		Judicial Watch uncovers 'chart' of Hillary's potential violations - WND https://t.co/W0Dou4Uw6L
@bachura_m Notice that the wall around Nancy Pelosi’s mansion is not just your average wall or yard fence. It is an extremely high wall. 20 feet high.
@AndrewGillum @bachura_m Gillum, your noting but a third world wannabe dictator. A criminal con man. Bribe taker. You couldn’t wait to line up your bribes. You got caught. We The People know who you are and what people like you do.
@AndrewGillum @bachura_m Your a liar and full of crap. We The People know you are a Communist. You just don’t dare say it.
@bachura_m That’s not just a little wall around Nancy Pelosi’s huge mansion. That’s a huge wall around her estate. The wall itself easily cost millions of dollars, just for her own wall@of protection from the reality We The People live with daily. 		She is a disgrace, disgrace, disgrace.
@bachura_m Notice the wall around Nancy Pelosi’s mansion is not just your average wall or yard fence. It is an extremely high wall, some 20 feet tall.  Can you see hundreds of illegal criminals climbing over it into her estate just as they have claimed over our walls to invade our estate?
@seanhannity Incredible arrogance for a group of public servants to be gathered in a pseudo intellectual plot to remove a President as if they had the authority to do so.  The arrogance and total lack of humility begs for executions. Because such arrogance can never be rehabilitated.
@RepMarkMeadows Let their feet dangle from the end of a rope, one and all. Because this is exactly where they are trying to take us all.
@RepMarkMeadows Put another way, We The People have No Tolerance for arrogant self righteous idiots and fools who are bent on the destruction of our USA. We know a slap on the hand or lenient prison terms will only fuel their efforts further. 		Let’s not kid ourselves, they’ve put US in Danger.
@RepMarkMeadows When a group of people, who in this case happen to be Democrats and RINO’s feel entitled to override the will of We The People to usurp our long established form of government acting illegally in favor of their minority aberrant, unnatural views then We say Hang Them All.
@RepMarkMeadows Because the Democrats feel their high crimes and misdemeanors against a Presidential candidate and POTUS is above the Constituted rights of We The People, that We are wrong and they are justified in all their crimes, they have in effect by their actions declared War on America.
@RepMarkMeadows But Rod Rosenstein, and the rest of Them for that matter, don’t believe there is anything wrong with what we clearly have defined in law as high crimes and treason. 		In other words they are fully committed to the idea and feeling that their treason is Religion. For them it is.
@polishprincessh Shameless politicians such as Pelosi will never repent of their sins nor face their shame. They will never admit their wrongful ways. So this is why they will all hang because it is the only way to stop them from DESTROYING US.  Treasonus Women will be treated = with men.
@polishprincessh Nancy Pelosi wouldn’t dare be filmed on tv observing an infanticide abortion and watch the baby girl dismembered into parts for sale.  But then again she does lead the LOWER house party founders of the KKK.
@polishprincessh @SpeakerPelosi 	Pelosi is so self righteously arrogant just like the now typical Democrats have all become.  So cold blooded while pretending to be proper and respectful.  She wouldn’t dare be seen on live tv observing an infanticide and dismemberment of a baby girl.
@RepMarkMeadows “Conducting covert investigations in breach of protocol”?  More like total out right criminal conduct, High Crimes and misdemeanors, active participation in Conspiracies of sedition and treason.		What he was DOING isn’t just a hand slap pat on the back matter.
@realDonaldTrump Adam Schiff Benedict Arnold.
@realDonaldTrump Democrat staffers are equally guilty of the coup Treason as they had full knowledge and participation.
@realDonaldTrump Presidential harassment has put our lives, all of US, We The People in grave danger for now over two years 24/7 365...   		We The People are relieved to know Those guilty of sedition and treason will Not Go Skipping Down the sidewalk arm in arms only to continue their evil deeds
RT @JackPosobiec: WATCH: Iranian billionaire founder of eBay tied to Fusion GPS https://t.co/oJUjYFnpzB
@realDonaldTrump @thehill As a part of this coup d’état plot sedition and treason people have been murdered. Seth Rich. All involved, ensconced, in Treason are equally guilty of jeopardizing the safety, security and peaceful way of living as free men and women which is Constituted by We The People.
@realDonaldTrump @thehill Adam Schiff, Glen Simpson, Tony Podesta, Comey, Mueller, McCabe, Strzok, Yates, Anderson Cooper, Clapper, Brennan et al...   	can not be allowed to go SKIPPING Down the sidewalk having ALL been caught red handed ie blood on their hands in coup d’état, conspiracy sedition Treason
@realDonaldTrump We The People know the so called carbon foot print is a power fraud.  It is designed only to remove sustenance from We The People and smother US under the despotic control of a criminal globalist cabal.
RT @TheRightMelissa: @realDonaldTrump Leftist non profit organization are making billions$ with illegal immigration at the expense of the l…
@realDonaldTrump We The People know well what’s going on with the Democrat Party. It’s simple...  The Democrat party is The Party of Treason.  Their way of life is corruption.
@realDonaldTrump McCabe is guilty of Treason.
McCabe  is guilty of Treason. Period.
@marklutchman That’s a great point.
Lawyer: Mueller won't issue report - WND https://t.co/Ik9WknUvew via @worldnetdaily		A terrible attempt at a coup which has failed in a grand way.  The coming finally will be large portions of Congress removed from office, sentenced by military tribunals for high crimes &amp;Treason
“Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience:”	Ephesians 2:2 KJV https://t.co/270ZEiwnS8
“Children of wrath”		“Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others.”	Ephesians 2:3 KJV https://t.co/O6vQFkKnYp
Everyone is already being surveilled but now the Democrat House wants to legalize it completely, removing all privacy protections via their border security tech plans.		Dems' alternative to Trump's wall blasted by privacy groups - WND https://t.co/aRGOKHiALl
David Zublick February 8, 2019 Military Tribunals Executive Order Satani... https://t.co/Vi436EitEq via @YouTube
@historic_roots1 @Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept Nope. Not religious. But I do know God and I do have a relationship/ interactions with Jesus Christ the God of truth and peace. Nice talking to you traveler.
@historic_roots1 @Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept There is now a city under every major city in the world. Why? They  are under the airports and connect to the cities under the cities.  But food supply is a huge issue and they didn’t make room for the farmers and cattle ranchers.
@historic_roots1 @Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept God won’t let it happen until after the rapture. Then it happens.
@historic_roots1 @Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept Mutual Assured Destruction. But like the Bolshevik Soviets they have carved tunnels and cities under ground. Hyper loops. The thing is they need people to grow and move food.  So it’s a problem for them. Thus the emphasis on robots and AI and cultivating indigent farm people.
@historic_roots1 @Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept They keep it as their fall back position. Yellow cake. It’s their psychological assurance but a false one like so many other things they believe. They would do it but We The People have awakened to the nightmare and they are already in deep desperation.
Where are the men on Twitter? The ratio seems to be about 80% to 20% men on the Trump MAGA train?  		Until men wake up and pray in majority we are living with a noose around Anericas’s neck. Pray to Wake up men.  		Courage comes from the Holy Spirit. Not from ourselves.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept Aspen Institute is not just a cocktail party. Oh sure they relax and have fun, AFTER the brainstorming meetings. Think about the reactions of the politicians to Trump’s Inaugural speech. His speech to NATO. Those images should be burnt in your mind because they tell ALL.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept So it’s really just fun and games for them. They are fearless because after all what has ever happened to them? Nothing. They are completely above the law and always have been.  It really comes down to the will of We The People. Backbone to save your grand children and children.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept They will play games to see if they can win. But they know all along what they are willing to do. Can they do it from the end of a rope banging at GITMO? No, they can not.  Is it cruel to hang those who murder millions and threaten the existence of humanity?  Nope. It’s not.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept It just comes down to this. And this gets lost in the daily political news cycle for a reason. To distract you. But it is this, We The People bring them all to justice, OR they are going to Nuke you and utterly destroy the United States of America. They did it to Japan.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept Journalism is perhaps the KEY component to the coup d’état. Nothing could be accomplished by the Nazi globalist without Fake News. CNN, MSM, are pivotal. They coordinate the narrative. which is why they will be executed  like G.H. for Treason.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept You see the Aspen institute is a GLOBALIST THINK TANK. What were they thinking about? They were thinking about how they could frame Trump for impeachment and his family to add pressure.  And end the USA. CNN Anderson Cooper, Clapper, Brennan. All there.  Planning.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept They met in a home hosted by former Aspen Institute Walter Isaacson. Who is he? He has been the President and CEO of the Aspen Institute, a nonpartisan educational and policy studies organization based in Washington, D.C., chairman and CEO of CNN and Managing Editor of Time.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept Aspen institute philosophical insperations include many anti christ figures such as Albert Schweitzer. Schweitzer challenged both the secular view of Jesus as depicted by the historical-critical method current at this time, as well as the traditional Christian view.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept Schweitzer considered himself French,[3][additional citation(s) needed] and wrote mostly in German. His mother-tongue was Alsatian, a Germanic dialect, although he was also fluent in French and German.  Schweitzer was an inspiration to the Nazi’s.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept The Aspen Institute is a deep state think tank. What was the all consuming subject of their meeting when Glen Simpson, Adam Schiff, Comey and Mueller all met with CNN Anderson Cooper and others?  Collusion illusion, How to frame Donald Trump and his family.  It takes face time.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept The Aspen Institute is largely funded by foundations such as the Carnegie Corporation, the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, the Gates Foundation, the “LUMINA” Foundation, and the Ford Foundation,Its board of trustees includes leaders from politics, government, business and academia
The debt of the USA will be reversed in one hour.
19 And that lord answered the man of God, and said, Now, behold, if the Lord should make windows in heaven, might such a thing be? And he said, Behold, thou shalt see it with thine eyes, but shalt not eat thereof.
And the messengers returned, and told the king.		16 And the people went out, and spoiled the tents of the Syrians. So a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel, and two measures of barley for a shekel, according to the word of the Lord.
10 So they came and called unto the porter of the city: and they told them, saying, We came to the camp of the Syrians, and, behold, there was no man there, neither voice of man, but horses tied, and asses tied, and the tents as they were.
8 And when these lepers came to the uttermost part of the camp, they went into one tent, and did eat and drink, and carried thence silver, and gold, and raiment, and went and hid it; and came again, and entered into another tent, and carried thence also, and went and hid it.
6 For the Lord had made the host of the Syrians to hear a noise of chariots, and a noise of horses, even the noise of a great host: and they said one to another, Lo, the king of Israel hath hired against us the kings of the Hittites, and the kings of the Egyptians, to come...
2 Kings 7:3-20 		3 And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?		...and when they were come to the uttermost part of the camp of Syria, behold, there was no man there.
Will USA debt go away. Yes, and it will be almost an immediate turn. Elimination of school loan debt by 90%. Which is the 2nd largest debt overhang in the US		God took Israel from starvation poverty to emended wealth in one hour using leper’s, Assyria 		https://t.co/4Mik09i5e6
Forget about 2024. POTUS Term limits will be abolished with unanimous Congressional and popular resolve. FDR was elected to four terms before term limits. 		Wouldn’t wish the office of POTUS on anyone. It’s a horrible job. Trump only did it because he knew he had to save America
@marklutchman @momto3_sonya @RealCandaceO Democrats insane behavior is designed to drive rational people insane and bait them into illegal vigilante actions by which they then try and convict the righteous. 		Be provoked to ignore them and instead to enforce the USC rule of law and.  They want you to break the law.
@marklutchman @momto3_sonya @RealCandaceO So it’s the Nazi Democrats accusing others of being Nazi’s, in this case Candice Owens being accused.  “Saul Alinsky Rules for Radicals.”  Let every insane Democrat statement only increase resolve to put them away by the US Constitution Rule of Law.
MATT WHITAKER 2024?  	He would make a great permanent AG but what is his experience and knowledge in money, business, finance. Economics. Does he know how world leaders think? 		POTUS is the highest pay grade in the world.		2024? Calm down. https://t.co/lthnNgtb7I
Thought police in the UK. BREXIT or die.		Cops grill 74-year-old for saying 'sex is real' - WND https://t.co/cl5fNumeCw
@TWPundit @PAMsLOvE More prison barges headed for GITMO.
@TWPundit @PAMsLOvE Saul Alinski. Accuse them of your crimes. 		All of these people will be brought to justice. They will be hung.
@navasteff @jdish19581 @AMErikaNGIRL07 The Democrat party is a criminal party, exactly the same as the Nazi party and the Bolsheviks. 		This is history repeating itself all over again and again and again.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept Can’t wait to see all these Dem leaders and conspirators hang, in this unthinkable coup d’état against not just a POTUS but against the US Constitution and the USA. These men are EVIL. Their devoted followers are weak people. Fools. Sycophants. Willing to through everyone under.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept The sad truth is so little is being done because Mitch McConnel plays games, doing the minimal to avoid voter scrutiny. 		Declassification and military tribunals are the only possibility of restoring security and safety.  Then many challenges to build an honest gov.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept Check all the government expense records. Demand all of Glen Simpson tax records. Demand all of the Fusion GPS tax records. 		Then line them up against the wall in front of a firing squad. Millions of men will volunteer to pull the triggers. With pleasure.
@Jali_Cat @HighL0nesome @MattWhitaker46 @TheJusticeDept “Both men insisted to me through spokesmen that they met only briefly last July.” 		They met for hours in a private residence along with Comey and Mueller.  Check all FAA &amp; TSA travel records including private jet movements. Subpoena cell phone records and cell phones.
@Hart30158 @Bigbillshater Democrats are the party of death. They want everyone to die.  It’s the party of Satan. A gathering of cynicism, self hate and hate for others.  The party of criminals. Self destruction. Greed. Theft. The party of body counts. Body parts. Ruined lives. Drug addiction. Porn.
@jjauthor The promoters of global communism are the wealthiest in the world. George Soros for one.
@Anon_decoder @AOC Good, she can give 90% of it to the IRS. Leadership by example.
@Patrici15767099 Democrats have existed since Adam and Eve. Cain was a Democrat.
RT @Patrici15767099: Proverbs 15:32 He who neglects and ignores instruction and discipline despises himself, But he who learns from rebuke…
@TheMarkPantano She is the leader of the Democrat noise insanity machine. It is designed to wreak insanity. 		They’re stupid foolish ways are a threat to the survival of humanity, but abortion and now infanticide which they worship at the alter of, can only make that aboundantly Clear.
@CNBC CNBC used to be an informative business network. More and more since the Obama Administration it has become a socialist propaganda outlet. Ahh the good old days.		You are about to see regional Cable News outlets sprouting up.
@CNBC High taxation will lead to massive government corruption. 		The idea that the government can distribute money efficiently is a Communist joke. 		Millennials are working and moving up the socio economic ladder which instills responsibility and responsible spending.
@Lrihendry @Annbank85503049 And he plays hardball according to the the US Constitution rule of Law. He is setting a great example of how to fight back smart while remaining completely respectful to the the Rule of Law. POTUS Trump has set a fine example. More will begin to hold their ground.
RT @ThomasMHern: Looks like Sharia patrol cars to me...	https://t.co/L0rMy0GjB1
RT @SecretaryAcosta: The labor force participation rate increased to 63.2% last month, the highest rate since August 2013. @POTUS https://t…
@marklevinshow Standard Dem politician hypocrisy, so common. Reveals what a farce the Democrat party politicians are. Insincere power hungry exploiters of everything they touch.
@BreitbartNews Roberts is a flake. A weak Justice and an impediment to reigning in an outlaw activist judiciary. What’s a shame. No matter as Trump  appointments are much more wisely selected.
RT @Patrici15767099: Democrats ALWAYS accuse others of what they themselves are doing..		Maxine Waters Charged with Three Ethics Violations…
@seabrznsun True. A man will act responsibly. Being an adult male does not make one a man in that sense.
@CNBC So what.
Completely appropriate:  Try to spin it against POTUS but this would have been completely appropriate for the record and transparency.  		Trump order Rosenstein to write Comey firing memo, McCabe book says https://t.co/bLcN1jzmSi
Correction. The Mueller investigation is not a search for a crime. The Mueller investigation is an attempt to fabricate a crime of Russian Election collusion to POTUS Trump. We need to choose our words more poignantly in order to highlight aggressively.		https://t.co/7bXjZCto7R
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Bob Corker never could get his hands on the foreign side of the globalist money waterfall draining US wealth away to China. Diane Finestein, Pelosi and others were lapping it up but Senator Bob Corker never could figure out how to &amp; remained a low level globalist US Senator.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Expect sweeping changes at the large retirement investment firms with founders, CEO’s and managers stepping down.
The sad truth is that this is but one tiny example of what a corrupt federal police and judicial system results in where a small business man resorts to unkosher but not necessarily illegal methods of protecting his business.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani MIT Romney isn’t a business man and never was. Neither was his father. They were and are simply just thieves.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani That captured wealth in turn was used by people like Soros to buy out state legislatures, mayors, police chiefs as for instance in California, Washington and Oregon.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani The wealth transfer from the USA by Globalist, tax, energy, trade schemes forced on US by their bought off corrupt criminal politicians (Like Bob Corker) was captured through foreign entities abroad in Europe, China, and the Middle East catchments capturing stolen US wealth.
@Swampless Thank you for bringing Charles August Lindbergh’s prophetic statements to light.  What a price he paid for issuing that warning. This needs to be made public knowledge to the greatest extent possible.
@Swampless That would explain the kidnaping of his grandchild.  The globalist are Satanic. His Grandson was murdered in a Satanic ritual child sacrifice.  And this continues today.
RT @Swampless: 100 years ago, Congressman Charles August Lindbergh, tried to stop the swamp from forming. https://t.co/a8LeFfy5ZM
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani @MittRomney @BobCorker 	People like Romney and Corker are always looking for an inside track to power and wealth instead of going out and working for it. They have done so at the expense of We The People by going along with the globalist cabal rigging against US interests.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Mueller, Comey, Rosenstein, Strzok, Page, corrupt Federal and State judiciary’s are the face of the crumbling American criminal fascist state which brought US, We The People to the brink of stepping briefly into socialism as a stepping stone into Global communist fascism
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani The US Military is moving up to unprecedented strength as it moves into space where the US is dominating. Russia seeks US stability in order to prevent its own bankruptcy.  EU nationalism will welcome Putin when nationalist hopes find no effective political outlet.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani You are about to see new cable financial news outlets emerging in regional growth centers such as Texas.  Georgia and others as regional activity takes over supplanting NYC globalist Wall St centric finance.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani The NY Fed veto is about to be Removed.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Attempts by certain  Fed Governors to maintain Humpty Dumpty status quo will cause friction at the Fed and resignations as the Tidal Wave of economic adjustment to regional demands continues to roll in.  Fed power is dissolving and devolving and this will accelerate.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani The good news is people in the finance and corporate sectors can leave NYC and go home with their knowledge and experience to live in comparative luxury at a fraction of the cost in NYC. Finishing careers among family and friends away from the NY DC rat race.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Globalist economic engineering which produced an out going economic tide over five decades since OPEC, and simultaneously US China wealth drain has irrevocably reversed under POTUS initiative actions.  The tide is roaring back in. Lazy resisters will only loose.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Expect Airline stocks to go back into Alpha mode with airline stocks climbing into the triple digits.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Add strong airline growth amid fuel oil decline, reduced fuel hedging required as low oil becomes a stable certainty. These factors will see profit margins rising steeply in the airline and transportation sectors. Airline balance sheets, in particular AA will strengthen quickly.
Let’s face it the criminal justice system has failed We The People miserably leaving citizens and business men in a state of self defense and survival. Did he mean to offend or disrespect police service. Doubtfully so. Just TCB and family under corrupt  declining USA at the time
Some would question producing the badge. But then again if he wasn’t representing himself as an active police officer or for illegal purposes then police officers will find distasteful other might see it as a shrewd defense where real police &amp; DA’s &amp; FBI fail to protect legally.
@Swampless It’s coming in steps.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @FLOTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @marklevinshow @IngrahamAngle @seanhannity 		We need more of this.	It’s time for all to disrupt and obstruct the Dems by playing hardball by the rules under the US Constitution https://t.co/2cIlL51DoX via @YouTube
DEAR MR. TRUMP: AFTER WATCHING MATT WHITAKER DISMANTLE JACKSON LEE, I WI... https://t.co/2cIlL51DoX via @YouTube
@Swampless The change will result out of natural financial shifts away from NY Banking into Regional banking.
@Swampless The Fed will be dissolved as regional banking returns to strength. Controlling fiat currency is an issue.  Putting money in the hands of politicians is asking for inflation and bankruptcy. You will see the NY Fed loose its centralized influence and control.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani POTUS has made the good choices that the greedy politicians such as Bob Corker and MIT Romney weren’t willing to make and were never about to make. They instead were attracted to the cabals who wanted to corner money, commerce and power thinking that is easier.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani It all flows from a simple set of choices. The politicians in DC chose to serve themselves and lined their pockets. The clever ones were willing to make Bad choices to fill their own pockets, didn’t care to make good choices fo US.		Now Trump has made the good choices.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Massive immigration of highly educated Europeans who have now solidly rejected the socialist European ways are about to flood the shores of the USA with enthusiasm as educated and those able to acquire training immigrate legally from the South to prosper as citizens.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani So you are seeing the utter destruction of the Democrat party leaving the USA under a reconstituted Republican Party which will enjoy massive popular support with economic noise drowning out the Dem party of death and insanity. The USA will become a de facto single party nation.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Expect Huge massive Western European immigration to the USA much as occurred in the early 20th Century. Europeans ahead of the oncoming jihadist slaughter are already buying homes in the US with intentions to immigrate. POTUS will enact will change laws that prevent that now.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani The Wall is being built. Crime is plummeting in effective areas and crime will plummet across America. Legal immigration from the south as well as from Europe will burgeon. The biggest influx will be from Europeans escaping what is now the Soviet Europe State as it crumbles.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani State coffers being filled will bring the end to huge tax breaks given to Wall St. controlled corporations which functioned in municipal bonds that left local tax payers in bankrupting debt. Regional growth will liberate municipal bond burdens turning them to profits.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani What is emerging is regional economies where states find themselves flush with tax revenues to rebuild and expand infrastructures to accommodate manufacturing. States will not need to rob other states for corporate biz. Instead their plates will be full thus not robbing citizens
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani The US Military Industrial Tech complexing is crumbling. It is stacked against now by new irreversible POTUS initiatives which one day will be accepted as policies because they produce freedom and wealth.  It is to be replaced with regional wealth production competition.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Washington DC became to powerful and the more powerful it became the poorer We The People became eithbsll the ills that follow. Family destruction, drug abuse. Lack of meaningful sex in marriage resulting in porn, alcohol, drug addictions, porn and sexual deviations.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Obama, the Democrats and Republicans sought to build a monolithic concentrated power structure. 		And all POTUS Trump has had to do was to remove all of the artificial constraints that were forcing production and wealth transfer out of America. It was “Progressively” killing US
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Wall St. will continue their attempt to hide strong trending shift. It won’t matter and it won’t last as new financial news sources emerge from a regional centric stimulation of economic energy leaving traditional outlets basically ignored as economic demand fuels fin news
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Business, $ decisions, financing is moving out of Wall St rapidly to the locations where growth demand has taken off. This pronounced trend is in its infancy. the entire financial system is already beginning to realign around this new economic activity.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani There will be increasing dollar strengthening on POTUS policies thus no dollar reset on obligations. Rather the inflation under centralized Fed control, the USA will see money going to pay debt and into expansion rather than into CPI inflation that the globalist  engineered.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Expect the Federal Reserve to begin dissolving as Treasury shifts power back to regional banking while Fed power is progressively dismantled. The strengthening dollar will dissolve the artificially engineered reliance on centralized monetary policy controls.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Expect large banks to Accelerate selling off business divisions at fire sale prices as globalist try to hoard cash while regional banks begin to gobble up the market. NYC Market makers will decline and evaporate as regional markets compete on solid demand based business.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Expect the breakup of the stock market into regional stock markets. This will begin in Texas and will spread into growth regions riding the growth curve. Regional banking is about to replace globalist NYC Wall St concentration of money control and influence.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Expect new investment flows around the large Wall St centric corporations and banks as regional business partners take over the US money flows, circulating money with increasing domestic velocity that is already on a growth curve to hit double digit GDP growth.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani So much money is flowing back into the US domesticity that is flooding the USA in money creating consumer demand that not even the Democrats can stifle with political Anti USA resistance. The large Wall St centric firms will simply be bypassed as other ways to meet demand flow
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani The resistance to taking care of Americans by CEO’s and board of directors is eroding. Many will face serious charges on serious sex offenses involving consumption of child sex trafficking and worse. The familiar faces on Wall St will largely change to a whole new face.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani The fact of the matter is POTUS Trump reversal of horrible trade, tax and energy policies not to mention so many other things that were giving the USA Cancer, is creating a massive wave of building consumer demand as an economic driver. Making legal immigration possible will add
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Globalist have pushed the Democrats to the left to the point of insanity for the single objective of creating resistance to PRO USA policies that are not only sustainable but which are and will produce sustained accelerating growth.  Nothing the globalist can do will stop the US
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Ignoring or minimizing the effects of continuing oil price declines, increasing wages on highest ever employment both public and private are all examples of intentional globalist attempts to spin the economic story from strong in your face growth to “Uncertainty”.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Revenue up, margins down on higher costs now largely a function of globalist book keeping using DC uncertainty as an excuse. Paying down debt aggressively on already strong balance sheets, over projecting declining margins which are intended to excuse less cap spending.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Key globalist leaders and thinkers are being arrested on child trafficking and a host of other crimes. As GITMO fills up the abilities of the globalist cabalto coordinate and execute against strong US Trump policies has seriously eroded away power with totalitarian control lost
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani The globalist have lost their grip. Globalist have become reactionaries who are operating against a deck of cards stacked against them by POTUS while they hold a loosing hand and have largely lost all ability to bluff. They are left with nothing but bluster and desperation.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani The simple fact is the globalist pedophiles, sex offenders, child trafficking criminal banker cabal still maintains controls and political influences causing resistance to PORUS rightful stewardship over the US Constituted will of the People. Defeating them is strengthening US
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Wall St has always been controlled by Globalist. Up to the 90’s their best was US centric all the while planning to shift financial &amp; political population control out of the US to the UN. After the initial  tech boom ending in 2000 the full on follow up shift to China commenced
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Old Stupid USA NATO spending while the EU didn’t contribute allowed the EU to spend money elsewhere such as subsidizing the influx migration of jihadist into Europe.  All funded by US $ to NATO making EU spending possible for other socialist schemes including migrants.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani By allowing the old trade policies the stupid lawyer politicians in DC were allowing globalist to build and fuel a fascist Euro state. EU trade barriers allowed for higher prices in the EU which hid thus facilitated otherwise unsustainable VAT taxes which furled the EU gov.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Eliminating USA spending to prop up EU socialism turned tyrannical fascism is saving the USA from allocating spending abroad thus shifting spending back to domestic. Same spending but the money stays and circulated in the USA instead of the EU or 🇨🇳.  POTUS trade = ^ US $ V.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Artificially engineered demand for foreign goods by Globalist designed trade, energy (Oil), tax laws, policies &amp; treaties together forced manufacturing out of the USA slowly killing consumer spending while increasing demand for foreign low labor cost imports =ed deficits &amp; debt
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani POTUS pro nation changes will increase the amount of domestic money velocity. That money will find a place to go within the USA as trade treaties are updated to fair trade and begins to harness foreign self sustained strength while eliminating the free ride provided by US demand
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Increased Defense spending R&amp;D &amp; hardware while reducing waist of blood &amp; treasure in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Syria, shifts spending from a sink hole increasing gov debt, over to money that stays in the US economy which increases domestic money velocity. Remember velocity talk?
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Democrat resistance has introduced uncertainties resulting in corporate hesitation to commit to re adjusting from foreign trade dependency into the domestic growth story. Infrastructure for manufacturing will lead housing, trucks rail, steel, aluminum and Auto.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Multi nationals trying to hang on to foreign markets rather then investing in the global demand shift from EU and China trade. Foreign trade = massive trade deficits. These killed domestic consumers. Trump has real US GROWTH policies that are taking hold regardless of Dems.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani The Wall has already transformed El Paso Texas into a safe city. This will result in an economic boom. Legal immigration reform will bring huge population inflows and consumer demand, construction &amp; infrastructure cap spending which Democrats are only delaying but not stopping.
@CNBC @NYSE @BobPisani Democrat Obstruction has dampened the shift from foreign demand to domestic demand which is none the less accelerating in consumer demand &amp; a pronounced strong revenue growth.  Reckless obstruction = uncertainty thus market lag &amp; reluctance for Cap investment.
Heart attack.
A police badge was his way of scaring off racketeers known for extorting restaurant owners. They show up, he pulls out the badge, they leave.		AOC NO DEAL, NO COLLUSION, PLANE CRASH UPDATE, MUELLER IN THE HOT SEAT A... https://t.co/cQyv1sHTu4 via @YouTube
Cyrus has a Wall built in Israel. Trump will have a Wall built across America’s Southern border bringing security, safety and prosperity as far as the eye can see.
Look back on this film going back before the election of Donald Trump.  This was meant to be. God has sent a Cyrus to lift US up and free US from globalist slavery and  inflicted poverty.		TRUMP ~ Ancient Prophecy Documentary of Donald Trump https://t.co/3Ky4sIKXLK via @YouTube
NOAH: the TRUTH is BIGGER than you thought......the JourNey BeGins https://t.co/QkWYXqdHAh via @YouTube
The Fossil Record: Proof of Noah's Flood or Evolution https://t.co/zGbCmSrg6k via @YouTube
Does the Bible (Job 40) Describe a Sauropod Dinosaur (Behemoth)? https://t.co/YJIPXe775u via @YouTube
9 Discoveries that Confirm the Bible https://t.co/h6hjmgEfG8 via @YouTube
@hirschA8720 @skys_me @PattyMurray She is no different then the Nazi predators.
@hirschA8720 @skys_me @PattyMurray Sick women. Without God People become inane, untrustworthy with life, incapable of handling responsibility and instead become predators. 		Patty Murray is a child predator who posses a risk to millions of children.
@MaximillianFoxx @LuckyTimberlake @RodStryker @robtdfischl @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNightlyNews @FoxNews @MSNBC @CNN @FaceTheNation @MeetThePress @ThisWeekABC @nytimes @washingtonpost The objective of The provocateur is to get law abiding people to abandon the rule of law in desperation of regaining rational order. The system that the deep state has sabotaged denies people justice through corrupt courts and corrupt cops like the FBI.
@MaximillianFoxx @LuckyTimberlake @RodStryker @robtdfischl @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNightlyNews @FoxNews @MSNBC @CNN @FaceTheNation @MeetThePress @ThisWeekABC @nytimes @washingtonpost When provocateurs have succeeded in driving rational people to lawless vigilante actions the tyrannical power then uses that as an excuse to punish and make an example of the rational ones that they have driven to lash out there by establishing themselves as the law enforcers
@MaximillianFoxx @LuckyTimberlake @RodStryker @robtdfischl @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNightlyNews @FoxNews @MSNBC @CNN @FaceTheNation @MeetThePress @ThisWeekABC @nytimes @washingtonpost Insanity drives rational people to lash out. This is exactly the point as Satanist Saul Alinski taught. Dem activist are versed on this tactic which has become their prime weapon. It is the role of the provocateur to draw vigilantes into losing battles to make examples of them
@MaximillianFoxx @LuckyTimberlake @RodStryker @robtdfischl @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNightlyNews @FoxNews @MSNBC @CNN @FaceTheNation @MeetThePress @ThisWeekABC @nytimes @washingtonpost The Democrat party has become the party of provocateurs. This was clearly on display in the SOTU as Pelosi attempted to orchestrate antics to embarrass POTUS. (Instead she made a fool of the Dems.). Their intent is to provoke vigilantes and then crush them v MSM &amp; Street arrests
@IngrahamAngle @seanhannity 		The stratagem to Dem insanity is to frustrate rational, moral people, thereby pressurizing the majority population in order to provoke actions which the deep state Gestapo would take power over by making examples of vigilantes		Satanist Illuminati
76% approval rating of POTUS Trump SOTU.  As in Spirit of 1776 🇺🇸 		https://t.co/IUyb4rOCp8 via @YouTube
@gatewaypundit Adam Schiff I’m launching an additional Russia investigation is in essence making a statement that the SC Mueller investigation is a sham. So he wants to try again to fabricate another scam on We The People so he can be the judge , jury and executioner. 		Schiff will hang high.
@gatewaypundit @AdamSchiff 	POTUS will deny any subpoenas or request for any information pertaining to this new attempt to abuse US agencies and committees illegally and against the US Constitution. 		The Corrupt vote stealing US Congress will get no respect and no cooperation from POTUS.
@gatewaypundit @AdamSchiff We The People know that you are a leader of Top Secrete Intel information to the press, are a guilty collaborator in a now long running. Coup d’état, guilty of High Crimes sedition and Treason and We The People can’t wait to see your hanging videotape. Hang the Dems.
@gatewaypundit @AdamSchiff We The People are investigating You	POTUS Trump &amp; his companies have always submitted tax returns and has been audited by the IRS multiple times throughout his long business career.  		No Adam Schiff even the House can’t break the law or violate the US Constitution.
@gatewaypundit The House has no probable cause upon which to launch any such investigation. 		Can’t wait to see that rope around Adam Schiff’s neck for his many crimes of Treason. Treason is something that will not be forgiven.
@TheOfficerTatum Democrats view women as all needing an abortion. They view all women as victims no matter how high they’ve climbed or how wealthy they’ve become. Democrats view all porople as victims, they want all people to be their victims to harvest for their own wealth.
@seanhannity Pelosi’s foolish antics including cult like control of Dem party women who dressed in KKK looking attire provided the Vast contrast illustrating the morally bankrupt Democrats foolish insanity to a Responsible leader who cares about people. 		POTUS Trump leads because he cares.
@seanhannity It was the best ever given. Not having read them all It had to be the Best STOU ever given.  		Pelosi gave the perfect drama filled intro to POTUS Trump. She built the suspense and no doubt more people watched it with intensity then ever before both at home and abroad.
@ChuckCallesto Beet Midler, do your self a favor and shut your big fat mouth. You are a disgusting blood thirsty female predator. Maybe you should have given birth instead of trying to justify your bad horrific decisions.  You will stand before Jesus without any defense for your pathetic life.
@ChuckCallesto Maybe not think about having sex and organism all night with someone who will never be there for you when you need him?  Maybe think about a human life instead of ur own vain ambitions like Hollywood stars who OD die young and depressed. You should have given birth to that child
@ChuckCallesto @BetteMidler 		Sure Bette, Abortion with a hanger or a doctors tool is no less painful to the child.  Maybe Protecting that murdering mother isn’t so important. 		Have the baby instead of stabbing him or her to death. Maybe think about saving a precious child?
@seanhannity @marklevinshow @IngrahamAngle 		Make no mistake. POTUS Trump Made Clear references to the liberation of Jews from the Nazi death camps...   for a reason. 		The USA has been liberated from the Mueller/Comey, Rosenstein Podesta’s Dems Nazi takeover coup d’état.
GEORGE SOROS ARRESTED IN SWITZERLAND ON 2 03 '19 ...... https://t.co/Kc2lHKafpS via @YouTube
Fox &amp; Friends Wednesday 2/6/19 | Breaking Fox News Fox &amp; Friends Februar... https://t.co/kklYZY4fl6 via @YouTube
@WeBuildtheWall @MikePet80634096 @mamendoza480 @SheriffClarke @gehrig38 @gatewaypundit @BrianKolfage It would be better if Steve Bannon would just but out. Trump doesn’t need him or want his influence.
@ABC7 They do look like some sort of Jim Jones called.
@EBOlady On Wall St. It’s all you need to experience to discover just how evil people can be. Wall St used to be pro America but turned globalist traitors selling We The People out. Mnuchin saw it and woke up to fight it along side Trump.
@DianeLong22 @Autrice @gatewaypundit That’s because she doesn’t have a family tree. Hers is a weed.
RT @politicalHEDGE: ✔️Trump to meet North Korea&amp;apos;s Kim Jong Un in Vietnam in two weeks for the pair&amp;apos;s second summit https://t.co/r…
@gamecocksSecE @ouchinagirl @KurtSchlichter Trump pointed out that the wall has made El Paso Texas one of the safest cities in America now. Pelosi just sat on her ass biting her lip. She is a pathetic disgrace.
@Ranchmama71 @MarshaPatriot Very sexist on the part of women Dems, who lets face it, hate men and are doing all they can to destroy manhood. Dems, divide women from men, babies from the womb, God from country, US from the Constitution, truth from reality.  Whites from blacks, security from a border....
@pinebox_ok @KatrinaPierson By the way Pine Box, not only will Congressmen and Senators hang for treason but so will many staffers who had full knowledge and participation in the coup d’état to topple the USA.  More prison barges being built destined for GITMO.  Something for Dem staffers to think about.
@pinebox_ok @KatrinaPierson “Mark my words they will someday soon be the party that condones the burning of books.”		Mark these words, Google, YouTube, FB, are the modern day book burners. 		Pine box? What a choice for a Democrat user name. Says it all really. Infanticide. Abortion. Euthanasia. Morbid Dems
@KatrinaPierson I had the very same impression and tweeted that very same comment. Then scrolled down and saw yours which makes me think We The People got the same impression.  Dems are the KKK in plain sight today.
@RealMattCouch Judge Napolitano and Cris Wallace are a joke and a disgrace.
@gatewaypundit The Democrat women dressed in white KKK robes evidently removed their pointy KKK witches hats before entering the House chamber.
@gatewaypundit @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @JudgeJeanine @Rush_EIBnet @marklevinshow @cnnbrk @andersoncooper @JimAcosta 		The Democrat women all dressed in white including Nancy Pelosi brings the KKK dressed in white robes to mind. Democrats are the KKK. HRC reminded US.
@gatewaypundit Democrats are a laughing stock and a disgrace but their obstruction treason campaign has been a shocking wake up call to We The People. We will be demanding the maximum penalty for those who collaborated and supported this coup d’état to destroy America.
@JacobAWohl POTUS Trump won the 2020 election with his SOTU address to We The People tonight. It was pure Trump, honest, truthful and a great encouragement to US all.		The contrast between him and the foolish high school Democrat behavior left Dems  in disgrace &amp; disfavor for 2020.
RT @rosedixontx: SERIOUSLY THE MOST HATED WOMAN IN THE COUNTRY! Tried to be a total distraction but instead made a complete fool out of her…
RT @BoeingAirplanes: 777X is the most efficient in its class. 787 Dreamliner? Ditto. That’s why we’re the undeniable widebody leader. Learn…
@Polasek609 @SpaceForcePat @themanfronUNCLE We The People will fight along her side to see her grow and continue to enjoy her joyful happy life.
@SpaceForcePat @joegrossi What a beautiful smile.		Jesus came and died to save those smiles and he would have done it for just one. He would have done it for any single one the Dems murder every day. Infanticide &amp; abortion have to stop		Democrats are disgusting outlaws. It’s shameful.
@joegrossi Pelosi made a real fool of herself. Disgusting.
RT @charliekirk11: This was the best State of the Union speech of our generation and possibly one of the greatest ever given 		Strong, emot…
@Jack135S @joegrossi Bernie Sanders is a crook and his wife too. He’s a shyster con artist.
@EricTrump @joegrossi @StJude There was an announcement in the Jerusalem post that they have found a cure for cancer and expected to be available within one year. Let’s see if we can get Grace into that program pending the results of her recent treatments.
@cledbetter1234 @gaye_gallops @11ForTexas Get them out of America. They don’t belong here.
@cledbetter1234 @gaye_gallops @11ForTexas And they do this every day
@borderfox116 @gaye_gallops @dulcimerjames America hates the Democrats. The Democrat party must be driven out of existence. It’s reputation can never be recovered. It’s policies are so abhorrent that they invoke rage against themselves. 		POTUS asked for political persecution to end but the Dems will hang for TREASON.
@KeithRTwiddy @gaye_gallops @wvufanagent99a1 It should be eliminated totally. Disgusting filth.
@gaye_gallops Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace. This is what the Democrats want in America. They deserve to hang. 		Pelosi and the Democrat fool women wore white attire to the SOTU. Yet they advocate Islam throughout public schools and to sharia districts What a bunch phony fools the Dems are.
@ChuckCallesto She’s on ice support systems
@TheOfficerTatum And they still do it in Africa and throughout the Middle East. And it’s all done by Muslims. It’s in their  muslim Koran.  Christians don’t do that.
@RealMattCouch Yes. We Will Never Forget that hero.
@seanhannity Hope she goes to Afghanistan and gets left there. If she were to come back alive she would be a whole new person. Maybe a military flight could be arranged to drop that idiot off there and leave immediately with the last Troops?
@seanhannity Good she didn’t watch so We The People don’t have to hear the shrew.
@Liz_Wheeler Nancy Pelosi is a joke
@Liz_Wheeler The Dems love to elect stupid people who will do what their handlers tell them to do. Their takeover of America is failing to their misery and our deep enjoyment and satisfaction		The problem for them is you can’t believe Dem policies and be smart at the same time. Their stupid
Google it must be undertood at the deepest level, is a part of Communist China, is playing the traitor of We The People and is engaged in Sedition and Treason. 		Google making you whom Trump fights to keep free while Google &amp; YouTube, the FANGS slave to make you Slaves too.
Communism is a globalist creation. They’ve put lip stick on it trying to prop up China as your communist future.  		POTUS Trump pointed to the lipstick melting off. Communism is a human tragedy that We The People WILL NEVER ACCEPT for US.
Funny to watch Nancy Pelosi bitting her lip while deciding to clap when POTUS pointed out that US Military forces killed the leader of the attack on the USS Cole in Aden harbor. Seventeen sailors were killed and 39 were injured in the blast. Pelosi was bitting her lip and paused
A treaty not abided by signatories IS A BROKEN TREATY DE FACTO.		POTUS, it should be noted, has not broken the medium range middle treaty. To the contrary he is has simply walked away from a treaty abandoned by a foreign power.  “So much for the collusion lie.”
VP Mike Pence finely got up on his feet to applause POTUS call to end Late term abortion/Infanticide.		Why didn’t he stand and clap to support his POTUS call for unified support tonsecure the Southern Border?  		No greter contrast between POTUS Trump and the establishment seen.
Shouldn’t the House Speaker call for an immediate vote to fund border security concluding the speech? Yes this would have been a magnanimous Democrat Party moment to right then and there introduce a bill of Full Support for POTUS open ended Border Security but alas they decline.
It would have been nice to see a longer standing ovation from the Tepublican side of the isle to POTUS Trumps strong tour de force and call for National and political Unity for border security.
WATCH LIVE! President Trump Gives The State Of The Union Address https://t.co/dE8nua3jxg via @YouTube		POTUS Trump just won the 2020 elections with his resounding successful State of the Union Speech which even roused Democrats to their feet.
@RyherdPhyllis They crucified Jesus who was innocent.  But Trump will crucify the globalist banker shadow government and deep state guilty of crimes against humanity 24/7 in our century and for millennia		Jesus will protect and prosper Trump in every ordained ministry of justice for humanity
@RyherdPhyllis We The People have a corrupt judiciary, corrupt Congress, corrupt Intel, corrupt gov agencies and one honest POTUS. Reminds you of what Jesus was up against.		God sent Jesus who knew he would be crucified. That being done God God sent Trump to destroy the shadow gov &amp; deep state
@RyherdPhyllis These Senators should be up in arms about defending our very popular POTUS.  		The real reason they want to protect Mueller is because Mueller has BLACKMAIL power over them and can fabricate it.  The Congress is corrupt and long has been.
Congress has made the USA a mess.  Unconstitutional laws abound. The idea that a bunch of coke snorting sex offenders can hamstring the POTUS and We The People is total quackery.
Judge Nap Fox: “Courts would not allow Trump to use federal funds” the deep state thinks it has taken We The People hostage through the courts which gave US a sham law known as abortion.  POTUS has the Constitutional &amp; popular power to dissolve Congress and the Courts.
Judge Napolitano is a quack judge. Thinks any judge can over rule the President of the Inited States of America.  https://t.co/gdCe75EWIq
Mueller and his cabal have obstructed and disrupted the office of the POTUS. They have caused massive distinction and grid lock of National Security matters at the border by falsely attacking POTUS reputation this impending National security		No mercy for these criminal idiots
@realDonaldTrump 	Proof that Mueller team investigators are guilty of TREASON.  All will face Military Tribunals. All should be executed.  They put the USA in Clear and Present Danger on many fronts including NOKO Nukes		Hang them		2/4/2019 https://t.co/rWglgVtlvK via @YouTube
The US needs to take back all the weapons.  Pulling out of Afghanistan will allow large regional forces like India and China to handle their own security matters.  Let them deal with Pakistan and Afghanistan.  		Build the wall to keep illegal Poppy out of the US.
All of the evils of the global banking cartel and all the wars have been done with Your Money. The money if We The People. Why? Because we were stupid. We ignored those like The John Borch Society who for more then a half a century we’re earning US but no one wanted to listen.
We The People have allowed the Shadow gov and deep state to run amok staring conflicts and then arming both sides while pumping Our tax dollars into arms sales to BOTH sides. No wonder they Muslims hate US. We The People must crush the shadow gov &amp; Deep State. Now We know.
Take back all the US arms spread around the Middle East and give them to Israel. Islamic factions can not fight wars without arms except by swords. Let them. 		The fact is the shadow Gov and deep state has spread war for profit.		https://t.co/WTQrE4P14Y via @YouTube
It’s about time. Now citizens need to go after corrupt wacko leftist judges. Investigate them and remove them from office by impeachment or political campaigns.		Gavin McInnes sues SPLC over 'obsessive, malicious' hate labels - WND https://t.co/4049M7Y7IG
Republicans, RINO’s and Democrats after two years in the POTUS Trump presidency have finely agreed on something.  Governor Ralph Northam must resign. 		But Dems only agree because of the fire storm raging.		https://t.co/hu5qGCUALJ
Everyone in finance, insurance, Wall St. and in corporate America needs to say to themselves “I was brainwashed and my programing no longer works.” “I am breaking out of this defeatism or I will fail and loose everything.” “The deep state used and betrayed me.”
Every single person who loves truth and truly wants to be free to thrive must love Trump because POTUS Trump is showing you Truth with results as proof. Accept truth and thrive or reject truth and keep sucking on your deep state pacifier while clinging to descriptions.
Everyone in finance, insurance, Wall St. and in corporate America needs to say to themselves “I was brainwashed and my programs g no longer works.” “I am breaking out of this defeatism or I will fail and loose everything.” “The deep state used and betrayed me.”
Now every economist &amp; MBA who graduated from the universities post 1960’s need to go look in the mirror and say 100 times “I am stupid” and say “I must reprogram myself from the deep state brainwashing my communist deep state professors and Wall St media made me believe”.
Shadow government destroyed and Deep state removed = Nationalism.
So of course the job numbers are climbing when you remove the influences of the highly corrosive and destructive deep state.  We will see job numbers climb to ove 1 million per month approaching POTUS Trumps second term		The inevitable result of deep state removed =Nationalism
The punishing trade, tax and energy treaties, laws &amp; regulations were put in place by the globalist shadow gov and forced into laws through a bought off Congress made up of clueless lawyers who were easily corruptable as they are  self entitled climbers full of BS&amp; No conscience
The reason the super strong jobs growth suppressed most economist is because they are all quacks, charlatans. They accept false models based upon old status quo punitive burdensome trade, energy, tax laws, treaties &amp; regulations made up by deep state.		https://t.co/ecIYkszM8j
@realDonaldTrump ... having found women who had been in trouble with the law the Dems began to contact these women to suborn testimony against Judge Moore.  		Republican’s seem to be Lazy and apathetic. Yet they collect huge fees. For doing nothing.
@realDonaldTrump It was an easy find. All Ed Gillespie’s opposition research staff only had to go as far as  looking into his year books. Dems did this in Alabama with Judge Roy Moore. In addition from there they canvased court records to find women in high school who had problems with the law
@ChuckCallesto So what’s the difference between a senior staffer and a US Senator when caught in a sex abuse “Me too”?  		Congress does not have money in a drawer to pay off a staff member’s sexual harassment. They only keep that stolen money from tax payers for the Senators and Congressman.
Cortez is just plain stupid.  She has no clue about reality.		LETS SECRET SLIP ON TV!! Geraldo Just PUT OUT THIS! Pelosi TO BE LOCKED ... https://t.co/ZNTSgUW9Qi via @YouTube
He says ““This behavior is not in keeping with who I am today and the values I have fought for throughout my career in the military,” yet his endorsement of infanticide is exactly consistent with his racist KKK roots.  Arrogant  doctors who like to play God. Ego sickness.
Re infanticide KKK Governor says “So I think this was really blown out of proportion.”		A high % of abortions are of black children.		Read more at https://t.co/nJcC1Vg7mH		Virginia governor's yearbook features black face, KKK robe - WND https://t.co/q0UPUIhXbk via @worldnetdaily
@TheOfficerTatum And this is what the love of God yields. It yields Life. 		Romans 8:2		For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death.		God is life. 		Their god Satan brings (Demands) death.
Muslim congresswoman 'lied big-time' about residency - WND https://t.co/GoM8VKSOoV via @worldnetdaily
IT'S COME TO JESUS TIME. https://t.co/TGRi7sx7PZ via @YouTube
Love focusing on the good news. 		BREAKING 🔴 President Trump is READY to Declare a National Emergency over... https://t.co/iSh8BCpmF7 via @YouTube
@FoxNews @IngrahamAngle @JudgeJeanine @seanhannity @POTUS @lancewallnau @foxandfriends @foxnewspolitics 		The Infanticide States of America.		The Democrats have now made We The People All participants in Child Sacrifice. 		Blacks and whites marched for civil tights. Infanticide?
@FoxNews We The People must now do everything to repeal infanticide and abortion or the civil rights marches meant nothing.		We have allowed the Dems to push us into becoming:		The Infanticide States of America.		We are all guilty and We The People Wear This Shame.
I ask myself, how did I let this happen, The Infanticide States of America and somehow I am responsible too.
@JoQuiles @TheOfficerTatum They just have to have their orgasm.		Now a woman can take revenge on an infant that has been born to scorn her ex husband or boyfriend Exacting as much pain as possible on the father. But of course Dems don’t care about emotional pain to a man it’s always about the woman.
@TheOfficerTatum @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 		We have found ourselves pushed by the Satanic Democrats into becoming The Infanticide States of America. We are now a nation in disgrace.		Every second this stands is blood guilt on US. In essence we have ALL become participants in CHILD SACRIFICE. Rage
Infanticide States of America.		Wear it. 		Because that’s what we now are for every minute that this lasts. The blood of the innocent is on US.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 		We Have Become The Infanticide States of America		However God holds the Democrats accountable is absolutely just fine with US. We The People are enraged. If the politicians responsible get late term aborted that’s fine with US.		Enraged.
RT @JUBILEE_7DOUBLE: Praying for BB🙏🙌 Divine protection and deliverance from all evil! Israel is forever....... https://t.co/GaiF833cGB
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 		We The People now have no mercy left for the Democrats and their destruction of morals by illegitimate Unnatural Law.		These pedophile corrupt Dems have pushed US into becoming The Infanticide States Of America. 		We have become a disgrace to the WORLD.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 	Normal people, Patriots that is, must now come to terms with where we have been pushed into by the Obama Democrats. 		We Are Now In The Infanticide States Of America!  		We will Gonall the way and execute judgement on them or they will infanticide US.
We will execute them or they will PolPot US.  No rational person can now deny this to themselves in their own mind. 		Democrat infanticide IS HERE IN THE USA JUST AS IT WAS IN NAZI GERMANY. Mueller a Nazi General descendant is conducting a CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY COUP D’ETAT.
It is time for American patriots to do a gut check. There is no choice but to decide to demand justice in the USA against the Communist infanticide Democrats. It’s time to get vocal or the leftist will round up POTUS, his family us Patriots&amp;administer Late Term Anortions
@steve_sedgwick @CNBCi You have no comprehension of the issue. Germany caused this. You have no clue.
@realDonaldTrump 		The Democrats, corrupt RINO politicians, judges, contract intel, FBI, DOJ, gov workers, CNN &amp; MSM Fake News who have inside knowledge and or have participated in the coup must be presented with proof of their crimes and executed. No trial.  Or the USA is over.
We are going to see late term abortions of hopelessly corrupt Democrat and traitor RINO politicians or we are going to see late term abortions of We The People Patriots. 		It’s clearly US or Them. That’s where we are now today. 		Democrat immoral criminals must be stopped.
@realDonaldTrump Massive executions are coming to America.  Either those politicians, judges, government workers, contract intel, Fake News reporters will be presented with proof of treason and executed or they will do this to US, We The People.
@paulsperry_ @RyherdPhyllis Trails of corrupt politicians will be set aside. Instead a bill of crimes will be read with overwhelming proof presented whereupon a sentence and immediate execution (or should we say a late term abortion) will be conducted.		This will happen to either US or them.
@paulsperry_ @RyherdPhyllis To late. All CNN anchors and reporters have inside Knowledge of the coup d’état against the president and are therefore guilty of sedition and treason against the US Constitution. They should all be sent to military tribunals and executed.
@HLAurora63 @gaye_gallops If there is going to be a civi war in America I would predict that it will be We The People directly against Democrat politicians who will be issued a bill of crimes sentenced and hung. No trial.
@mitchellvii @A1Carolynne Many do not deny this. It’s in our faces now. The question is what will we do?
@KathyKLTran This woman is guilty of introducing infanticide. This woman’s rights crap has gone far beyond nature to having become inhuman. 		Who have a God Damned what that foolish stupid ass woman thinks. Deport her to Saudi Arabia. They’ll know what to do with her.
@seanhannity So is she now going to lead the drive to repeal the bill? Of course not because she is insincere. And these are the people we have failed to prevent from becoming decision makers in government?		Moraly just if people rise up and hold these people accountable. It’s gone to far.
@bigleaguepol What else is new?
Democrats are immoral and insane. They’re a coalition of evil. It’s time to push them out of the public square.		Rush Limbaugh: Dems double down on abortion - WND https://t.co/NGREcYk9r6 via @worldnetdaily
Federal Courts are corrupted. SCOTUS can not be relied upon.  The Senate poses to back POTUS but does as little as possible. DOJ is heavily involved in the coup d’état as are the FBI, CIA and 17 Intel agencies. Much of the military is corrupt as well.		Sanctuary cities communist
There is no excuse for the Republican Senate not launching investigations into the massive web of Democrat corruption and treason beginning with HRC to Mueller et al.  Massive massive in your face Dem criminal and treasonous activity while the Senate does nothing.
The longer the Criminal Democrat party is allowed to continue this coup th empire the US and world are at peril.		Every single Democrat politician is now part of the coup d’état conspiracy and so are the do nothing RINO’s.		https://t.co/kJkdlDVx3T
The USA is now at a boiling point where either POTUS Trump is able to arrest and execute those engaged in Treason and crimes against humanity such as the formation of ISIS which killed millions of Christians, or of he can not then they win and genocide begins.
The fact is that infanticide now being called abortion is exactly what Nazi Germany was doing. Now anyone could be euthanized under the expansion of their sick reasoning.  		Political assassination to soon be sanctioned by the Democrat party. Hollywood already promotes it.
It looks like POTUS Trump can build the wall using funds that he has found without declaring a national emergency.  		But he may have no choice but to declare a national emergency to prevent planned sedition violence should military tribunals prosecutions proceed.
Pray that Military tribunals will proceed. Pray that POTUS Trump has the necessary military support to fend off the coup d’état from proceeding into a violent coup &amp; should he need to declare a national emergency to stop the coup.
No question that POTUS Trump@os the restraining force against evil yet infanticide is now upon US with grave consequence. 		The SCOTUS is compromised and has demonstrated no resolve to step in. Roberts is a coward and a traitor to Conservatives and to POTUS. He is unreliable.
The Satanic move to infanticide abortion’s in NY and Virginia almost certainly will doom the apathetic Sunday church going Christianity and very possibly may doom the USA as those who care stand helpless to do anything short of illegal paramilitary action to stop it.
The reality is the Christians, Jews and conservatives have awakened to a reality that the US gov from Congress to the courts to every agency, and a still unknown portion of the military, has been totally corrupted into globalist communist seditionand treason.
@lancewallnau 	What’s Happening Now In America And What To Expect Next... https://t.co/XSxOO0he11 via @YouTube		POTUS Trump is the only voice and only power that We The People Christians, Jews &amp; conservative patriots have.  POTUS did say to the Christians “I am your voice.”
Christians and Conservativesreally have almost no voice and no political power left which is why POTUS Trump is so important and pivotal to preserving and rewstablishing a constitutional Republic gov.  POTUS said “I am your voice”. He was right		https://t.co/XSxOO0he11
@TheRightMelissa @realDonaldTrump All Democrats are blatant liar’s.
@realDonaldTrump The Anti-somatic Democrats in Congress should be censored with a boat in the Congress. Then let’s just see how many Democrats agree with these jihadist radicals?
@realDonaldTrump Now we have Dems in Congress who claim the holocaust never happened. That kind of thinking is a national threat to our Jewish communities. They should be impeached.  		Republicans in Congress should introduce bills to stop this talk and let’s see the rest of the Dem votes.
RT @realDonaldTrump: BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! https://t.co/yDdCG5DCxn
@realDonaldTrump Da Nang Dick (Blumenthal) one of the many faces of the corrupt Democrat party. They’re criminals, bought and paid for traitors subservient to foreign powers such as Soros.  		Dems have become the party of TREASON,  We are in clear and present danger because of the no border Dems
@realDonaldTrump Geraldo Rivera is itching to go down there. Hopefully he will not.
@realDonaldTrump You would think the “globalist” who always pretend to be all about global peace would be standing up and applauding the defeat of ISIS,but they’re silent?  You would think the largest hedge fund guys would be very vocally backing POTUS Trump?  Globalist are NOT patriots.
@realDonaldTrump Makes We The People question who’s side the intelligence community is on.  From the collusion we’ve seen in this on going coup d’état against our elected POTUS, we have the impression that a complete overhaul of Intel is needed. Maybe Military Intel only and Fire the rest.
@realDonaldTrump Venezuelan people have rejected socialism, communism, globalism and are now fighting for NATIONALISM.
@realDonaldTrump 		BREAKING: Trump Finds HUGE Loophole To Bypass Congress On Wall And Pelos... https://t.co/vXrRHeoQ7h via @YouTube
@oscar_out @UncleSamsChild And by extension and good common sense the Foreigner should not mistreat the host. Yet this is what we see in the streets of Europe every day now.  Would not Abraham be in sorrows over this?
@oscar_out @UncleSamsChild You participate or at the very least condone with silence. Your Islam is nearing its destruction. This will happen very soon.
@oscar_out @UncleSamsChild You foolishly worship the religion of death. You participate in bloody torture, beatings, rapes and beheadings of those who welcomed you into their homelands. The behavior of pigs. Stone Age barbaric, not fit to live among civilized families.
@oscar_out @UncleSamsChild You have a picture of the Concord jet. So you admire that? Yet it was not invented or developed by a single Muslim. Not the space program. Not computer technology because Islam has kept you prisoners to ignorance. 		You tolerate and condone raping and bloodying people
@oscar_out @UncleSamsChild There is no such thing as a man without sin and thus there is no such thing as a perfectly good man. It is safe to say there is no such thing thenas a good Muslim because you are a man like any other, full of sin and evil unless you turn to God. Jesus offers u salvation sinner.
@oscar_out @UncleSamsChild All power and glory is divinely appointed unto Jesus Christ by God the father, the father of lights. The prideful and arrogant who foolishly believe themselves to be good Muslims are fooling themselves because there is no such thing as a man without sin.
@oscar_out @UncleSamsChild Jesus Christ is the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. Your God is Satan. And he will destroy you and torture you in Hell. From there to be judged by Jesus into the lake of fire for eternity. 		Jesus cares about you and wants to save you from hate. He can save you.
@oscar_out @UncleSamsChild I smell Satan.
So even your peaceful Islamic neighbors will do nothing to save you. And you know Thai is true.
You still have something left to give to your youth, your children and grandchildren. Or will you leave them suffering and death to Islamic animals?
It’s simple. Stay under the EU PC spell that has taken your mind prisoner and your will to your mind or break out of the EU mind prison and become free again. It can happen in one moment. All you need is courage to be free. 		Ask Jesus. He loves you, wants you to be free.
This will be their political call to aggression. They will burn your vineyards.
People are either with you and support you or they are against you and will tolerate and even contribute to your destruction. Any adult should know this already. So what do you think of your Islamic neighbors really? What do you honestly think that they think of you?
@AmyMek Poor Jimmy Carter, a fool given to self defeatism, a thirst for self deprecation which could only be satisfied much like Obama, in shaming others to his own level of self guilt and shame.  The Vatican chose Jimmy Carter to influence the USA into self guilt and shame.
Europeans save yourselves or be slaughtered by the globalist and the jihadist whom they’ve paved the way into Europe with to destroy you. And when your destruction is complete they will easily wipe out the Muslims and they will do it. But you will be gone too.
The Pope is a pedophile. The@Vatholic priests are nearly all pedophiles. The underground Catholic Church performs child sacrifices in Satanic rituals. This has been going on under your nose for thousands of years. King James knew. Go on line and learn to save yourselves.
The Vatican Catholic Church has betrayed Europeans over and over again. When will you learn? It is the Vatican which has structured and controls the EU government. And u don’t know this? Do your homework. Pull your head out of wherever and educate yourselves before it’s to late.
The fate you choose is the fate you deserve. Choose wisely. You allowed immorality and political correctness to reduce your birth rates to nil. Now the average age of Europeans is approaching retirement. But your still young enough to wake up and save your Europe.
The European currency is collapsing and so is the EU. That is the globalist plan. The question is this: Collpasing into what? Will it be into Islamic jihad after 1500 years? Or will Europeans take Europe back from the ruling Globalist Class once and for all? Cowards? Or bravery?
The Vatican is not your friend. They control the globalist bankers. They control Israel and they control Hamas. They control the deep state in the US. And they control your EU government. There is the above ground Catholic Church and the below ground pedophile church of Satan.
Your freedom is being taken away from you. Soon your very lives and it’s all being financed by your hard work and your money by the international bankers, the globalist. They are using your money to destroy you. It’s your money not theirs.
Until you can say Merry Christmas again in Europe you are doomed. Even if your not a Christian you should be able to say it. If you are not free to do that you are not free at all and your demise is near.
Vineyards are about to be attacked by jihadist. Is this acceptable to you? You will soon find out just how politically correct and tolerant you really are.
Your local police have betrayed you the citizens who pay their salaries. They care more about preserving their salaries then they care about you. And they do this as one by one European police &amp; commissioners are being replaced one by one by the Globalist bankers with jihadist.
If you believe that Islam is the religion of peace then you are under The Spell of EU doctrines of political correctness. And this is the very thing that has brought Europeans to pending ruin and doom.
And you do t see this? You don’t realize that your own police have turned you over to Islamic jihadist terrorist?  Remember the Olympic Games Munich Germany? Now you have that every day in your neighborhoods. And this is acceptable to you?
Europe was once prosperous. Without your Criminal cabal of elitist globalist overlords robbing you blind Europeans could once again prosper from their ingenuity, hard work and love of law and order. Law and order bring peace in the streets. Nothing else should be acceptable.
The globalist are robbing you blind in taxes. The trade barriers that they have erected have driven your cost of living up to ridiculous levels while lowering your standards of living.  Your trade barriers have fueled VAT taxes which in turn finance your oppressive Soviet EU gov
Only military officers can save Europeans now.   Europeans have lost all control. The globalist Kill you now and you have No Political recourse. 		NATO can turn to Trump. Nationalist can unite with military officers backing nationalist leaders to restore civility.
Candidate Donald Trump said “No more political correctness oppression”.  Free speech and We Will day Merry Christmas Again. We will declaire the name of Jesus again on Christmas and when ever the spirit calls. Jesus is freedom. Allah is cruel oppression and death.
True European intellectuals, if they haven’t all been rubbed out by the globalist, need to break out of the EU PC spell and start thing for themselves and their neighbors.  Form nationalist parties. Call upon the military to clean out corrupt Islamic police forces. Get to work.
Expect demand to cease production and consumption of pork in Spain.
Expect Muslim objections to surface soon over the vineyards of France, Italy and Spain.
Europeans can not save themselves UNLESS you let go of secularism and it’s political correctness which has you under its spell. How does it feel living under The Spell?  		European nations could double their GDP by simply expelling the jihadist and Globalist.
You are being dragged out into the streets, brutalized by jihadist that your police department deputized as riot police. But they start riots and bloody you children and grand children and your “Peacfull Muslim neighbors say nothing. They stay silent while you women are raped
Let any Muslim tell you that Islam is the religion of peace. You will be waiting a long time. They know better so they stay silent. This is all you need to know, that even the most peaceful of Islam will not defend you, will do nothing to protect you. Will condone privately
Islam is the religion of death and persecution.  Look around and tell yourself this isn’t true. Then look in the mirror if you can and see if you can honestly tell yourself that you believe and speak truth. You can not. Secularism and socialism has betrayed you into ruins.
Cower to the foolish jack ass ignorant Muslim animals until they come drag you out of your homes into the streets or have the nerve to face the truth. 		Only God and his son Jesus Christ can give you the courage that you need to survive. Jesus is kind. Allah is Satan. He murders
The simple fact is that taking back European sovereignty is easy. It is easily and simply achievable. BUT it’s not for cowards. Now look into your own soul and decide for yourself whether you can accept the Islamicizarion of Your neighborhood, your city government or not?
The USA helped Europe out of its mess twice before. We The People are willing to help you but we can only do that for you if you are willing to help yourselves. You must have the Will to act. You must wake up from your zombi sleep walk state of minds and emotions.
President Trump can Help Europeans but only if Europeans demonstrate the will power to save their culture, their homeland and save themselves. Without that it would be a lost cause and an impractical burden for the US to engage in. We did this once before with you.
Organize your political parties. Call upon the conscience of your military officers, their patriotism. Call them to support Your Popular Movement.		You have precious little time left to act to save yourselves. The USA can not help you unless you begin to help yourselves.
Europeans can take back their homeland, the land of their Real Father’s. It’s easy. Simple. 		The only thing required is YOUR WILL.  Your Will is what will determine YOUR Future and your children’s FUTURE. Will your grandchildren be Islamic slaves? It’s up to YOU.
Europeans have very very little time to get your act together. Are you to old. To drunk? To given into hopelessness to care?  		Organize yourselves. You can take your homeland back from the Rothschild bankers. From Soros and Obama. And you thought Obama was a rock star?
European citizens getting bloodied in the street by Middle East invaders who’ve been hired by your traitor police force commissioners, will get you no where. Their jihadist beat and bloody your teenage girls in your streets and you Don’t know what to do about it? Really? Grow up
The EU government will never listen to the people whom after all it should be obvious now to the most simple minded, they intend to destroy. Your EU government does not respect you. 		Europe has become the New Soviet Union. Globalist begins both the old and new.
Europeans must unite with nationalist intent, respecting neighboring European nations and must work together to undo the European Union completely. Bilateral economic agreements between sovereign European states can bring economic prosperity and stability through USA trade.
Only Jesus can save you Europe. The Muslims plot to destroy all your vineyards of France, Italy and Spain. While you sit under the spell of political correctness, tolerance of jihadist, violence to women and children, the globalist are executing your end.  Only Jesus can save EU
It may be to late for Europeans. You’re to slow to recognize your indefensible position.  Your under the spell of Political Correctness which is only a form of self righteous arrogant pride. Globalist have used this social vulnerability against you for your defeat. Jesus saves
EU police forces have been corrupted by the globalist. Your police chiefs have become corrupt criminals who’ve abandoned the peace loving citizens to jihadist terrorists whom they’ve hired as riot police to terrorize You and your neighbors. You’ve been sold out. Wake up
Europeans are being beaten, raped and tortured. Your neighbors are living in fear. 		This is what political correctness, socialism PC has brought you. 		EU is hopeless unless you reject secular socialism. 		Turn back to God and you can Win Europe back. Why hate God?
The military officers backed by popular support under the leadership of Nationalist such as @Nigel_Farage is now the only hope left for Europeans. The EU will otherwise soon become another Aleppo.  		European Political correctness has brought your destruction. Change or die.
@realDonaldTrump @Nigel_Farage 		The only hope for Europeans is for the military officers of France and UK along with NATO backed with popular support to demand accountability to UK and Europeans from the EU government. Demanding change to an electorate government.
Only the military officers can save Europe now. The European people have completely lost control of government. Europeans no longer have power or influence. There is no political solution outside of a military led coup with popular support against the EU government. Arrest Soros
RT @PolizziThomas: I thought I was the only one who knew that scumbag illan Omar was dangerous https://t.co/AtigJCR5Mo
RT @Henryhahadavis: IS it just me or NO ONE ELSE CAN SEE WHAT @IlhanMN IS UP TOO?? https://t.co/CaGWOyd8kC
@AmyMek The solution is the Wall with follow on arrests of all known radicals. And yes, they are well known to US intel. All are know and all will be arrested and deported. Citizenships will be revoked. Citizen jihadist will be charged with treason and face military tribunals.
@AmyMek The globalist used Jimmy Carter to pry the door open. The Bush presidents brought the Islamist in. Obama brought the jihadist who in turn are spreading hate and are well in to radicalizing young male and female Muslims into jihadist and suicide bombers.  Aleppo, Israel.
The drunkard EU appointees are importing radical young jihadist, trained to rape and murder in cold blood in their shit hope countries which they’ve destroyed. Now they’ve come to do the same to your proud homelands, raping and beating your neighbors. Acceptable?
The European people have always been proud of their military men and women. Europeans have always looked up to them. Military officers and soldiers have always represented stability, safety, security. 		But now all cast down to Islamic Jihadist. The globalist jihadist.
The German Generals almost stopped Hitler. How many lives would have been saved? 		Europe’s people have no defense against the EU drunks running the EU government.  Whoring lawyers drunk on totalitarian power and money.		Who would have thought this could happen to Europe?
@NATO 		Military officers and enlisted are the best of the Europeans. 		Look at what the foolish unelected EU  leaders are doing to your homeland and heritage? Just trampling under jihadist boots.		Soros, the Rothschild’s and the rest of the global bankers sold u and yours out.
NATO is at the core a first class military organization.  European Military officers are the salt of the earth. Europe’s finest.		European people need to look to the military to Overthrow the fascist EU government of JIHAD.		https://t.co/AcbcIQEvKP via @YouTube
RT @kwilli1046: Retweet if this makes you smile. https://t.co/UdKG3S84K5
@RealJamesWoods @Candace88813196 Howard Schultz only wants to take Jewish votes away from Trump.  He’s another Jimmy Carter. Ultimately he is globalist controlled if not a hard core globalist.
@RealJamesWoods @Candace88813196 Howard Schultz is a wispy washy disaster. He would be a return to the status quo system which would see the US quickly tumble into the hands of foreign powers under the UN		He says walls don’t work yet the proof is overwhelming. As a Jew who’s been to Israel he should know that
@robbystarbuck @IlhanMN She is the nose of the camel protruding into the tent.  She makes a case that Islam is not comparable with American values and does not belong in the USA.  		Deport her.
@UncleSamsChild Those are not police. They are terrorists. The WU citizens need to take their governments back.		Globalist EU police have hired Islamic jihadist to terrorize and exterminate European citizens.		Rise up Europe. Repent from your PC views. Talk stock. Find Jesus.
@oscar_out @UncleSamsChild Islam is not a race. Did you know this?
Trump Has Zero Control https://t.co/rIXVybRvwD via @YouTube
BREAKING: Mike Pence Plots-Are his eyes on the Throne?  SPECIAL REPORT https://t.co/xx8Qw7iOBu via @YouTube		Proof that VP Mike Pence is a global Islamist, is not of the Lord Jesus Christ. Is a globalist and a traitor with knowledge of the coup to overthrow the USA.
@RepMarkMeadows Mueller is conducting a political persecution campaign. It is un-American, unconstitutional and illegal.  We The Leople must do all we can to stop this takeover of America by nefarious rogue Government aggressors.
AMERICA UNDER SIEGE: THE DEEP STATE https://t.co/dzQenmKwHs via @YouTube
@Rbigzs @fortressfin She is a face waging war on We The People whom she along with Democrats hate. 		Treason.		They must be stopped.
@vahousegop @VAHouseDems Maybe the Democrat party should be aborted. Not maybe. Should.
And isn’t that “Hate” speech.  Of course so called hate speech is a one way street against conservatives. 1st amendment protects her speech but she should be impeached.		Rashida Tlaib in group that calls Jews 'satanic' - WND https://t.co/PnoqNntTsp via @worldnetdaily
Twitter defends leftist politicians and would be politicians by freezing your tweeter app and liking you off of the tweet thread. Censorship is accelerating into an active AI mode that tags conservative accounts to prevent conservative responses by selective account holders.
@UncleSamsChild Jihadist EU police using Nazi tactics as the brutalize women and children.  		It’s time for Europeans to wake up and take all personal defense measures. Forming an underground resistance to the globalist take over of Europe is essential for their survival.
@UncleSamsChild Look at the faces of the police in black uniforms. They are Muslims jihadist brutalizing citizens who gather to protest EU policies.		This is what the Democrat party under Cortez, Harris and other have planned for the USA. The plan is to insert Blue helmet jihadist into the USA
@DanProft All Democrat politicians are corrupt and are a clear and present danger to We The People.
@RexValllachorum @ShirleyRinguet5 Kamala Harris has no place herself in a civil society other then in GITMO for treason.
Frontier Airlines will be sued.		'Make America Great Again' gets Trump fan booted off flight - WND https://t.co/yv5dQJhKWI
@RealMattCouch Designating that racist woman to give the rebuttal will be just one more wake up call to We The People. 		It will serve as a call to Anger and fury to bring the Democrat Criminal cabal to justice for treason with executions at GITMO.		It’s US or them now.
@RepMarkMeadows The Dems like Harris want the right to “Choose” abortion right up to infanticide but unabashedly demand to remove your right right to “Choose” your own doctor. 		The Democrat Criminal cabal can not be allowed to continue in their Anti Democratic drive towards tyranny.
@RepMarkMeadows Senator Harris following the Democrat party line wants to become a dictator in a cabal of criminal dictators. 		We The People are calling upon, hoping and praying that the push to end Freedom In America will be heard and Freedom will be enforced.
@senatemajldr The Democrats are agetating in every possible way to spark a civil war as they continue to push for authoritarian power.
@SarahPalinUSA Folks it’s all about the communist doing anything and everything to destroy the fabric of America in the way to destroying the USA. Can anyone doubt that the genocide of We The People would follow in the pattern of Communist genocides? Isn’t that what intolerant hate leads to?
@rosedixontx The process to impeach Justice Ginsburg needs to begin.
@LaylaAlisha11 This is what you get in a society where insane people get elected by apathetic dumbed down voters.  		Kamala Harris and her ilk pose a Clear and Present Danger to the safety, security, life and liberties of We The People.  		She must be thrown out of office.
@Liz_Wheeler This bill could be used to force abortions on women in prison. The baby could then be harvested for organs to repay legal judgments. 		We The People must overthrow those in government who’ve appropriated Government to pleasure their psychotic needs.
@Liz_Wheeler If this bill is passed a court judge  could apply this bill to a a woman giving birth ordering an unwanted killing of the baby as the child is being born. This could be accomplished for instance by declaring the woman emotionally incompetent as a criminal.
@Liz_Wheeler So in a possible scenario a woman gets pregnant but then a divorce ensues. In anger decides to wait until giving birth to her baby boy or girl and elects to have the baby killed as revenge? And all with the approval and encouragement of the state?
@Liz_Wheeler That lady has no problem with murdering a child entering the birth canal and would give cart blanch based on the emotions of the woman giving berth. Thus a revenge killing for an unwanted pregnancy. Even in the case of rape this is a revenge murder. Or possibly in a divorce.
@Liz_Wheeler This is Satanic. These people must be stopped.
@Megan4MAGA Cuomo is a terrorist and mafia.  A dedicated global communist. The voters have lost control of their government to the NY Dem voter fraud machine.		Authoritarianism is what the Now communist Democrat party is all about.
Secularism has become a religion into its own and it does not tolerate competition from long established religions. This is the face of communism Deblasio /Cortez. 		Religious schools tell state inspectors: Take a hike - WND https://t.co/R6XAGqBgrw
@RealJamesWoods @JohnFromCranber Judicial watch will sue RBG for malfeasance and derelict of duty. She will have to show up to defend herself or loose by default.
@RealJamesWoods @JohnFromCranber @TomFitton Impeachment of RBG would bring a whole new refreshing era to the term impeachment. Impeachment properly implied is a powerful useful tool provided by the US Constitution.  Let RBG show up at the Court to defend herself or loose by default. 		Judicial watch Can sue
@RealJamesWoods @JohnFromCranber She’s dead. In coma state. A lump of flesh on life support.  A dead person can not design. She needs to be removed from the court.  The leftist global communist have built a wall of secrecy and protection around her. It’s time to look to the Constitution to impeach her.
@The_Moccasin_ @marylene58 @o4america @MsSpy007 @BashAlaniz @BriteEyes8 @Steve4721076 @ilkbobin @MissyJo79 @_eayfx_ @walkawayAUS @FoundinNV @BluehandArea @Kafirah_XVII @Armageudon @shari_bayless @Kafirah_XV @JHWalz32 @Dawn_Michellle @Kafirah_XIV @nfulmer0827 @anthonymentill4 @mikkiconnors @BanchaSomchai @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @GOP @TheDemocrats @RealJamesWoods @US_Threepers @RynoOnAir There is money and will power in Texas enough for the West to tap into.
@BashAlaniz @The_Moccasin_ @marylene58 @o4america @MsSpy007 @BriteEyes8 @Steve4721076 @ilkbobin @MissyJo79 @_eayfx_ @walkawayAUS @FoundinNV @BluehandArea @Kafirah_XVII @Armageudon @shari_bayless @Kafirah_XV @JHWalz32 @Dawn_Michellle @Kafirah_XIV @nfulmer0827 @anthonymentill4 @mikkiconnors @BanchaSomchai @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @GOP @TheDemocrats @RealJamesWoods @US_Threepers @RynoOnAir Trump is fighting forward and is proving that failure and decay is not a foregone conclusion, or as the communist always like to say as “inevitable” We The People are fighting forward too whether its wearing red hats, voting or pushing forward in areas of expertise USA forward.
@BashAlaniz @The_Moccasin_ @marylene58 @o4america @MsSpy007 @BriteEyes8 @Steve4721076 @ilkbobin @MissyJo79 @_eayfx_ @walkawayAUS @FoundinNV @BluehandArea @Kafirah_XVII @Armageudon @shari_bayless @Kafirah_XV @JHWalz32 @Dawn_Michellle @Kafirah_XIV @nfulmer0827 @anthonymentill4 @mikkiconnors @BanchaSomchai @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @GOP @TheDemocrats @RealJamesWoods @US_Threepers @RynoOnAir Not a matter of trust. It’s a matter of backing what’s right while the opportunity exists and to capitalize on it, as in capital growth and wealth generation.  We have to fight for it every day. We are either fighting forward or retreating backward.
@The_Moccasin_ @BashAlaniz @o4america @marylene58 @MsSpy007 @BriteEyes8 @Steve4721076 @ilkbobin @MissyJo79 @_eayfx_ @walkawayAUS @FoundinNV @BluehandArea @Kafirah_XVII @Armageudon @shari_bayless @Kafirah_XV @JHWalz32 @Dawn_Michellle @Kafirah_XIV @nfulmer0827 @anthonymentill4 @mikkiconnors @BanchaSomchai @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @GOP @TheDemocrats @RealJamesWoods @US_Threepers @RynoOnAir Very true. Thank God for change. I the past it’s mostly been change for the worst. Sometimes with the right leadership change can be for good. POTUS Trump has disrupted the globalist agenda. We are in a much better place today and getting better every day as change continues.
@BashAlaniz @The_Moccasin_ @marylene58 @o4america @MsSpy007 @BriteEyes8 @Steve4721076 @ilkbobin @MissyJo79 @_eayfx_ @walkawayAUS @FoundinNV @BluehandArea @Kafirah_XVII @Armageudon @shari_bayless @Kafirah_XV @JHWalz32 @Dawn_Michellle @Kafirah_XIV @nfulmer0827 @anthonymentill4 @mikkiconnors @BanchaSomchai @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @GOP @TheDemocrats @RealJamesWoods @US_Threepers @RynoOnAir The EPA progressively along with nearly every gov agency became the enemy of the people. This was on going for decades going back to G.H Bush. It accelerated in the Clinton years and went exponential under G.W. Bush after 911 and reached near collapse of the USA under Obama.
@BashAlaniz @The_Moccasin_ @marylene58 @o4america @MsSpy007 @BriteEyes8 @Steve4721076 @ilkbobin @MissyJo79 @_eayfx_ @walkawayAUS @FoundinNV @BluehandArea @Kafirah_XVII @Armageudon @shari_bayless @Kafirah_XV @JHWalz32 @Dawn_Michellle @Kafirah_XIV @nfulmer0827 @anthonymentill4 @mikkiconnors @BanchaSomchai @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @GOP @TheDemocrats @RealJamesWoods @US_Threepers @RynoOnAir The EPA was weaponized against American citizens by the globalist leftist. It was used to persecute the most honest and upstanding law abiding citizens of the land from everything to killing a swamp rat to filling in a mud puddle which they declared a “Wet land”.
@BashAlaniz @The_Moccasin_ @marylene58 @o4america @MsSpy007 @BriteEyes8 @Steve4721076 @ilkbobin @MissyJo79 @_eayfx_ @walkawayAUS @FoundinNV @BluehandArea @Kafirah_XVII @Armageudon @shari_bayless @Kafirah_XV @JHWalz32 @Dawn_Michellle @Kafirah_XIV @nfulmer0827 @anthonymentill4 @mikkiconnors @BanchaSomchai @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @GOP @TheDemocrats @RealJamesWoods @US_Threepers @RynoOnAir The sad truth is that the Communist Democrats turned the EPA into a social engineering project designed to confiscate hamper and impede property owners rights and to disrupt commerce. The end goal of the leftist has always been the destruction of the USA across every gov agency
@BashAlaniz @The_Moccasin_ @marylene58 @o4america @MsSpy007 @BriteEyes8 @Steve4721076 @ilkbobin @MissyJo79 @_eayfx_ @walkawayAUS @FoundinNV @BluehandArea @Kafirah_XVII @Armageudon @shari_bayless @Kafirah_XV @JHWalz32 @Dawn_Michellle @Kafirah_XIV @nfulmer0827 @anthonymentill4 @mikkiconnors @BanchaSomchai @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @GOP @TheDemocrats @RealJamesWoods @US_Threepers @RynoOnAir EPA is a gov agency under POTUS. Valid issues can be handled. We have the technology. Environmentalism for the purpose of exercising unconstitutional controls, seizures of land as we saw under Communist Obama are out under the Trump administration.  EPA will improve not impede
@BashAlaniz @o4america @The_Moccasin_ @marylene58 @MsSpy007 @BriteEyes8 @Steve4721076 @ilkbobin @MissyJo79 @_eayfx_ @walkawayAUS @FoundinNV @BluehandArea @Kafirah_XVII @Armageudon @shari_bayless @Kafirah_XV @JHWalz32 @Dawn_Michellle @Kafirah_XIV @nfulmer0827 @anthonymentill4 @mikkiconnors @BanchaSomchai @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @GOP @TheDemocrats @RealJamesWoods @US_Threepers @RynoOnAir Westerners have always been weird about border control for good reasons, as they relied on the free movement of cattle and farm workers. But times have changed. Their valid concerns can all be addressed and designed to their satisfaction with increased benefits to them.
@The_Moccasin_ @marylene58 @o4america @MsSpy007 @BashAlaniz @BriteEyes8 @Steve4721076 @ilkbobin @MissyJo79 @_eayfx_ @walkawayAUS @FoundinNV @BluehandArea @Kafirah_XVII @Armageudon @shari_bayless @Kafirah_XV @JHWalz32 @Dawn_Michellle @Kafirah_XIV @nfulmer0827 @anthonymentill4 @mikkiconnors @BanchaSomchai @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @GOP @TheDemocrats @RealJamesWoods @US_Threepers @RynoOnAir Water rights for cattle ranching where the wall runs over dams/pumping stations can be allocated through cattle Co-ops. Pipe lines can deliver water to private reservoirs.  		Water rights have always been a contention.  Design a fair system of capture and disruption to private.
@The_Moccasin_ @marylene58 @o4america @MsSpy007 @BashAlaniz @BriteEyes8 @Steve4721076 @ilkbobin @MissyJo79 @_eayfx_ @walkawayAUS @FoundinNV @BluehandArea @Kafirah_XVII @Armageudon @shari_bayless @Kafirah_XV @JHWalz32 @Dawn_Michellle @Kafirah_XIV @nfulmer0827 @anthonymentill4 @mikkiconnors @BanchaSomchai @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @GOP @TheDemocrats @RealJamesWoods @US_Threepers @RynoOnAir Making the land 10X more valuable by securing with the wall and where water is involved building the wall over dams/pumping stations so ranchers can water their cattle will make the land 10X more valuable allowing for mortgaged capital to repair &amp; expand cattle ranching exports
Let’s make American cattle ranchers great again!  Have the army core of engineers build water reservoirs/pumping stations where portions of land have been condemned to build the wall.  Run the wall over the top of the dams/pumping stations. Western cattle ranchers great again
Romans 3:25	For God presented Jesus as the sacrifice for sin. People are made right with God when they believe that Jesus sacrificed his life, shedding his blood. This sacrifice shows that God was being fair when he held back and did not punish those who sinned in times past,
No man or woman can say “I am a good Muslim” or “I am a good Christian.” Because all people have sinned. 		Romans 3:23	for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God,		To say otherwise is simply pride from a prideful heart spoken from a prideful lying tongue.
@realDonaldTrump 		Portions of Land condemned to build the wall will leave the remaining land safe &amp; secure 10X more valuable.		“Exactly!  I'll wager if they ask the Army Corps of Engineers to build them a pumping station &amp; a pond so they can water their cattle, THEY WILL!”
There is not one Muslim alive who can claim to be a perfect Muslim man or woman. Imperfection is a constant state of decay. In order to live for eternity they must be perfect to thus avoid decay. No man or woman has ever maintained perfection. No one has but Jesus.
Today man can make artificial blood, but man can not make artificial blood that lives for ever. The blood of Jesus will be multiplied from his own original blood. This will be the blood running through your arteries&amp; veins for eternity should u choose Jesus, The Way Truth&amp; Life
Bill Salus: Mystery Babylon and the Harlot https://t.co/vkLEX33MLO via @YouTube
@The_Trump_Train “Fake News Jim Acosta is writing a book but hasn’t titled it. 		What should the title be?”		The name of the book could be “Fake News the road to global communism.”
@LaylaAlisha11 The Democrat party has become the global communist party.		To verify this go to https://t.co/ddKe29jaFi 	They endorsed Obama &amp; John Kerry. 		Everything Kamala Harris advocates appears on the communist party platform.  Obama turned the Democrat party over to Communism.
Jesus is one with God and is himself God because he is identical to God, and perfectly so without exception exactly intertwined with God and the Holy Spirit which is the perfect expression of God’s perfect will.		Jesus was will to come show you the way. He loves you. He cares.
The good news is that Jesus asked The Father of Lights to send his Holy Spirit to help guid us on our salvation walk to the Eternal Kingdom of Light, the Holy City of God. The New Jerusalem. We can not get their on our own. Our own good intentions always fail. Jesus is the way.
Every man or woman who calls themself a Christian who does not walk in faith with Jesus, moment by moment, has not received Jesus as their Lord and Savior. Those who go to church and preach in churches but whom live in hypocrisy are not walking in salvation and will be rejected
By the blood of Jesus all who admit to sin asking Jesus for forgiveness by his blood Will be Saved, not judged into Hell. All who reject Jesus will be rejected by God including Muslims who along with others will be judged by God under the Law. All have sinned and fallen short
The good news is that God the Father loves you and so does Jesus. He proved it by his agreement to come show us the Father. “If you see me you have seen the Father.” God is the Father of lights because he is light and created the lights for you and me.
The blood of Jesus is the only thing that can give you eternal life. His blood never died. All who believe in Jesus suffer their physical death will be resurrected in a new body with the blood of Jesus in it. Believers are all of one eternal blood family It’s the blood of Jesus
Why is it that God while expecting us to abide by the Moral Law does not judge those who confess that they are sinners and accept Jesus as their savior?  Answer: Because no man can live perfectly by the law, thus no man is acceptable to God but by Jesus who offered himself.
2 Corinthians 3:6		He has enabled us to be ministers of his new covenant. This is a covenant not of written laws, but of the Spirit. The old written covenant ends in death; but under the new covenant, the Spirit gives life.
Islam is Anti-Christ. This identifies Islam as a religion of Satan.  It is but one of Satan’s religion to force the world away from Jesus Christ &amp; God the Father by oppression.		Another Muslim warns Christian belief offends him - WND https://t.co/lLcYpvbZqw
Democrats and the dark art of projection - WND https://t.co/ckc2chqxrQ
@WSJ His words are legalese. Sure he will give his “Lawful cooperation” but as he said he will not lie, perjure, compose, exaggerate.
@winstonCovfefe @LNW4Trump The ends that Mueller is after is the impeachment of POTUS Trump, the US Constitution and forcing the USA completely under the corrupt UN NWO OWG.  		His vain goal is to move the seat of Global power ultimately to Berlin though, not just the UN in NYC. Steps to Berlin=1,2,3.
@winstonCovfefe @LNW4Trump “Alan Dershowitz: All Americans should be concerned about the ends-justify-the-means approach taken by the special prosecutor”		Especially when there is no legitimate “ends” only a figment SC leaking Fake News.
@The_Moccasin_ @marylene58 @o4america @MsSpy007 @BashAlaniz @BriteEyes8 @Steve4721076 @ilkbobin @MissyJo79 @_eayfx_ @walkawayAUS @FoundinNV @BluehandArea @Kafirah_XVII @Armageudon @shari_bayless @Kafirah_XV @JHWalz32 @Dawn_Michellle @Kafirah_XIV @nfulmer0827 @anthonymentill4 @mikkiconnors @BanchaSomchai @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @GOP @TheDemocrats @RealJamesWoods @US_Threepers @RynoOnAir “including seizing some private land on which the wall would be built.”  The remaining property including dwellings and buildings suffering the sliver of land lost on a property to the wall will become 10X current value because it will be safe productive land.
@kikimelendez @RealSaavedra @RealDeanCain Well we’re still trying to get to the bottom of the list of Russian collusion by Hillary Clinton, Uranium one, Sec Vlintin $140M bribery scandle,  Convicted pedophile Anthony Weiner’s lap top with HRC emails and child rape videos etc.etc. etc.  		My God! No charges against Trump
@RealSaavedra If these lunatics are allowed to continue to their insanity and obstruction agendas the USA will collapse. We The People can not allow a criminal gang to take over America.  Prison and GITMO for obvious proven treason are the only soulurions or We all loose  everything.
@miamore__1 @AmyMek The Dems have become the party of 1938. Here we go again, only this time this will be stopped. There are far more of US then them. 43/57 is false polling. They’re no more then 20% with only 1% hard core mostly paid activist. 		They won’t give in. We will stop them.
@powernuke1991 @RealSaavedra “If he &amp; AOC got their way we would all be screwed.  The far left are a clown show.”		The Dems are the party of DEATH. Full birth abortion. Gangs flooding into the US. Free health care meaning no one gets health care. Obamacare rationing&amp; death squads. They’re the party of Thugs
@RealSaavedra The political power shift to the left started when men started wearing brown shoes with black, grey or navy colored suits. That and bow ties.
@RealSaavedra @LaylaAlisha11 Hahahahha, fantastic!  Well that sums up the Dems politics. They don’t care about our safety. Exactly like the EU socialist who are setting their own people up to be slaughtered while silencing their democratic protest and jailing those who speak against.
@AmyMek @SenSchumer 	Nothing new. The Democrats and their KKK have always been the party of DEATH.  It’s the party of Jihad and the desire to end the USA. How Schumer can lead this Dem death march is perplexing? Does he think he will escape the inevitable policy consequences?
RT @AmyMek: #HolocaustMemorialDay &amp; Twitter censors my account because I’m a Jewish Conservative Trump supporter.		Tells you everything you…
@TwitterMoments Maybe it’s a good thing the US has Indian doctors because many are leaving for Israel now.  Of course just like in Venezuela, under the Democrats health Care rationing plans you won’t get to see a doctor when you really need one unless you have their Mark Card.
@TwitterMoments According to some in Congress the Holocost never happened.  What does that signal about the direction of America?  That trend is coming from the Dems, along with full birth abortion murders, open borders to collapse the Super Power USA so the Dems can force US under the UN OWG
@PsychoDadNews @TheRightMelissa @realDonaldTrump FYI that big beautiful wall does and will continue to have big wide gates. They are much more convenient to use then climbing over walls. Much safer. Isn’t this the way you would want to welcome people into our beloved USA?  There is even a big sign that says Welcome to the USA
@PsychoDadNews @TheRightMelissa @realDonaldTrump Try this. Your residence has no less then four walls and should have at least two doors.		One does not have to climb over walls when all they have to do is pass Legally through a gate. For the convenience of LEGAL traveling there are many many gates and gateways to choose from😀
@TheRightMelissa @realDonaldTrump The only people who break in locked residential doors are the FBI. Oh, and gangs.  Hmmm....? One in the same.
@realDonaldTrump The Democrats have become the party of Death.  Full term abortion in Cuomo’ NY?  Open borders allowing gangs to flood in, raping, murdering children, women, endorsing the Slave trade? Plays in public parks depicting assassination? 		Pelosi &amp; Schumer leading the party of Death.
RT @brithume: One wonders how so many falsehoods could be crammed into a single article. Proof, if any were needed, that bias makes journal…
RT @KenPaxtonTX: VOTER FRAUD ALERT: The @TXsecofstate discovered approx 95,000 individuals identified by DPS as non-U.S. citizens have a ma…
@Laurie78768890 @AnnBail19505655 @AOC 		Ask Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez about a full term abortion murder. She claims to be smarter, wiser then anyone else		She is leading humanity into Holocost.  If age doesn’t matter can she be aborted? How about Cuomo? Can anyone be aborted? Hanycaped, race, religion? 		1938
@RealSaavedra A Millionaire Tax is COMMUNISM.  Is evil, is government THEFT.
@RealSaavedra Nothing against Yachts that fly the Flag, Old Glory that is. But they should NOT BE TAX PAYER SUBSIDIZED.  		A Millionaire Tax is COMMUNISM.  Is evil, is government THEFT.
@RealSaavedra A whole new revision of yachts and private jets should be looked at.  They should not be tax payer subsidized.  Most are paid for by the American tax payers.  		That said this is in no way way an endorsement for Pocahontas.
@RealSaavedra Yachts should be built in the USA  most mega yachts are not. They should fly Old Glory or face a very limited port of call in US waters or pay very large fees. Yachts should not be a tax write-off.  70 feet or greater. Property taxes should apply according to assessment.
@Patrici15767099 Demonic.  One wonder how many full term abortions he himself has committed?  If a full term abortion is legal, then how about aborting 60 year olds? 70 year olds. Conservatives? Oh that’s euthanasia and the leftist are doing that in Europe and have been lobbying for it here.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to the Republican National Committee, (the RNC), who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcomi…
Roger Stone Telling Trump that Stone has the blessings of the Pope to run POTUS as a candidate is not nearly the same thing as telling POTUS Trump that the Vatican controls all governments of the world except Russia, from China to Israel, HAMAS, EU and USA &amp; Trump would loose.
The Vatican which controls all world governments has scoped out every potential politician and has arranged contingencies to manage each and every one. Rome has the blood of martyrs on its lips. It is Satan’s global government of chaos, child sacrifice and human destruction.
Stone revealed his Vatican connection but didn’t reveal the the Vatican had so stacked and rigged the outcomes that he had no real chance of winning. This is what Stone has not revealed although he did say to Trump that he was amazed at the win.
To survive all that Roger Stone has to do is “Never reveal his Vatican agency agreement.” Mueller will keep him alive in solitary confinement to prevent him from revealing or advising		Stone can survive but can he survive eternity. We must know Jesus personally only not religion
Roger Stone can survive sentencing, prison and will live to see freedom along with Manafort who is extremely intelligent above any other political operative in the political war of good against Satanic evil. That’s why they put him in prison first.
POTUS Trump will Win and Win big. The Dems are fools. The shadow gov is blinded by GOD.  POTUS is given awareness, knowledge, motivation, initiative and prepared success through others helping. Jesus is prepared to retrieve the children of the Father. It may be soon.
Roger Stone must survive prison and assassination. The one thing that he can not reveal is his agency to the Vatican or he will face immediate death. Mueller too is an agent of the Vatican by extension to the Nazis.  		Stone must survive eternity. He must know Jesus personally
Stone hasn’t told POTUS Trump that he worked as an agent for the Vatican. Stone up to now has had no fear of the Vatican because he has an agreement with the Previous and current Pope which he has kept to.  Trump was always considered a possible horse to run a POTUS race.
In a sense Roger Stone is a man of his word, much like President Trump. Indeed he knows much about Q, GITMO, pedophile rings, CIA drughuman trafficking, tracking&amp; interdiction of yellow cake the war in space and many others which he will not reveal. But he hasn’t told POTUS yet
The secret retreat was to Brazil and Argentina and into the USA through operation paper-clip which was designed and orchestrated by the Vatican under the Pope Emperor of Rome.  Ask the Israelis about operation paper-clip.
In this way the Vatican by arranging strong Competitors while giving an advantage to their chosen vessels have nearly always been able to tip the scales to their agenda. They failed in WW II and the USA was able to defeat Hitler which was unexpected. They did a secret retreat.
Stone told the Pope he would do everything to get Trump elected bar none@and that he would support Trump all the way should he be elected. Roger Stone has done exactly that. He has played his role out according to his word. It was up to the Vatican’s shadow gov &amp; Deep State only
The only political sin that Roger Stone is guilty of is that he didn’t really believe that Trump would be elected tough he 100% did everything in his power to get him elected. This was the expressed agreement with the Vatican Pope.
Mueller agreed to place Paul Manafort into solitary confinement for his protection because anything else would have brought negative Publicity &amp; accusations against the special counsel‘s office which is 95% Democrat, 5% RINO donors and to keep them quiet.
Roger Stone has stones. He knows that his only hope is to survive prison survive assassination attempts by the Vatican by obtaining solitary confinement as Manafort arranged for himself.  Stone now knows his only chance lies with POTUS winning against the SG and deep state.
Stone does know that he was working for the Vatican. POTUS does know that connection from Stone’s own mouth.  But Stone who is close to Sly yet ardent Anti-Trump Judge Andrew Napolitano who also is a Vatican agent never actually expect Trump to be elected. It wasn’t meant to be.
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩		Roger Stone has not committed a single crime. He has been and will remain completely loyal to POTUS into prison or death. Mueller will send him to prison like Manafort. Juries &amp; judges are leftist.   https://t.co/lBgnSNLwY0
POTUS will avoid US military action in Venezuela ultimately. If invited by Juan Guaidó with popular approval he will consider it but only in a humanitarian disaster relief capacity.  Only wearing the Flag using Venezuelan air and sea bases by invitation only.  No joint US UN
POTUS Trump will not legitimize the corrupt UN by sending US Troops UNDER a UN Flag.  POTUS  is not about to act in reflex fashion. But if he should send troops it will only be wearing The Flag. The EU and others who voted in the Security Council are welcome to joint flag co-op.
POTUS is willing to send US Troops at some point but NOT IN BLUE HELMETS. Should he send US Troops to Venezuela they will be wearing US Uniforms. The WH is reviewing the Monroe Doctrine, US Constitution &amp; history. The Congress says US Troops in Blue POTUS says Flag only.
The UN Security Council voted to recognize Juan Guaidó as President of Venezuela.  The EU is pressing the UN to send blue helmet troops showing globalist humanitarian power. POTUS Trump will not send US Troops in blue helmets.		 https://t.co/7AenCCXFpe
EU concerned Venezuela’s socialism is giving away the true nature of a socialist state, alarming Europeans which is only fueling nationalism making POTUS Trump look great to Europe		EU nations give Venezuela's Maduro eight-day ultimatum https://t.co/O02zXjWi0H
Practically every single whistleblower leaks to Wikileaks. It’s standard operating procedure, SOP. Sorting through all of the leaked documents to determine which are valid and which are planted espionage is a full time job.  Hillary tried but failed to deny her leaked emails.
FBI leaks to WikiLeaks. So does Mueller. Comey leaks to the WP &amp; NYT. So does Mueller who also leaks to CNN as do Clapper, Brennan, and the host of others as did Strzok &amp; Page.  House Dem Intel Committee Chairman Adam Schiff. They all leak AND LIE EXCEPT POTUS Trump.
The fact that the Zionist Jewish Mafia has infiltrated the Russian government and that Putin has infiltrated the Zionist controlled Russian mafia does not mean that Putin controlled leaks made by the Zionist controlled Jewish Mafia to Wikileaks.  Everyone leaks to Wikileaks!
Why haven’t the globalist gone to nuking the USA yet. Because they are afraid that the US globalist on the Trilateral Commision,  Bilderberg et al will back out of what they understand to be the NWO OWG UN plan. In the mean time Trump is gaining ground every minute at GITMO.
Their fall back plan is to blame POTUS Trump for colliding with Putin to win the election and whom they would say opened up the USA to a Russian attack because Trump trusts Putin.  A ridiculous scheme that only believable under mass hysteria when people’s minds are vulnerable
But it was Hillary and Bill got the $140 million and Muller delivered the yellow cake samples. Not those Mueller indicted. In the end as far as the USA goes, yellow cake is the globalist final solution fall back plan which they intend to blame on Putin and POTUS Trump.
The saying everyone is connected by six degrees is played out in the Mueller investigation where eventually Mueller links everyone together in one big circle which he would lead us to believe we’re all Russian agents. 		But it was Hillary Clinton who got $140M from Russia.
There are Mafia members in the US government &amp; in the Russian government as well as others.  Mueller simply needed to tie them all together to Putin and in a very round about way to Trump via Cohen, Manafort, Stone, Corsi using Papadopoulos, FBI informants Steele, Mifsud
The fact that the Jewish Russian mafia has infiltrated the Russian government is consistent with the fact that the Jewish Mafia infiltrated the Sicilian mafia and both infiltrated the US Military Industial complex through taking over small aerospce tech companies.
Putin has infiltrated the Russian Mafia. The Russian mafia is controlled by global Zionist. After all the communist hold overs are criminal thugs which is exactly what communist are.  Mueller intends to link Russian mafia to Putin claiming they are gov agents. Indeed some are.
By indicting 12 Russians (As if all Russians are working for Putin) Mueller continues to fabricate a narrative. He intends to use a  ⭕️ of suborned perjury to create an illusion of Russian collusion by POTUS via Stone, Corsi, Manafort, flipping process to conspiracy obstruction.
Transmittal speeds negate the possibility that the DNC offices servers had been hacked by Russians. The murder of Seth Rich who worked in the hacked DNC offices marked him as the one who copied the files and sent them to Wikileaks. This has been confirmed by Assange &amp; Wikileaks
Wikileaks has complied over 1 million documents a year from every single nation on earth INCLUDING Russia.  Russian Mafia (Residual Communist) submitted documents to Wikileaks along with leakers from the world over. Many legitimate many planted for confusion or espionage ie FBI.
The lingering corrupt FBI, CIA, DOJ and 17 Intel agencies “Active Criminal Investigation” of Wikileaks has resulted in no prosecutions or convictions domestic or foreign.  It lingers  as chess pieces just as the Mueller investigation until they can insinuate collusion to a jury
When WikiLeaks published documents and emails revealing traceable ties to illicit Obama and Clinton activities, corrupt Eric Holder affirmed that DOJ was conducting an ongoing criminal investigation. This designation by Obama and the Clinton Mafia has lingered.
@FoxNews @TuckerCarlson 		WikiLeaks has never been convicted of a crime. It has not been designated as a suspect under  Espionage Act of 1917 although it is frequently referred to as such.  US Government scrutiny began under Attorney General Eric Holder.
Rome once again invited the barbarians in, only this time it’s the Muslims.  They are now in Europe for the “Final Solution” that Hitler started. The mass exodus of Jews from Western Europe to Israel has begun. The Christians&amp; conservatives to be swept out with them. 1938 again.
Just to emphasize that some of the nuns were sweet mostly.
Who believes history as it has been written and consumed? From London to the Carnegie library’s to your history books and into your television sets, smartphones into MSM CIA narratives spun straight into our minds.
Rome under the Treaty of Rome initially, now the European Union, rules Western Europe while Eastern Europe remains opposed. It retreated under what became the Eastern Orthodox Church which now Putin protects		But did we believe globalist Carnegie libraries historians instead?
Are you happy with the priests and Nuns of the Vatican?  They are split into no less then two divisions. The above ground and the below with lines between blurred.  And what of the children? Some they have elevated, some used for destruction by the Church of Satan in the Vatican
The Protestant reformation was but a blip on the global power structure which the Bible reveals as controlled by Satan until the return of Jesus Christ at his second coming.  Babylon which moved through Egypt, Persia &amp; Greece to Rome continues to rule the world from the Vatican
Concordat of 1801. The Concordat of 1801 is a reflection of an agreement between Napoleon Bonaparte and Pope Pius VII that reaffirmed the Roman Catholic Church as the majority church of France and restored some of its civil status.
Judge Napolitano who is named after Napoleon gives round conference briefings to all of the Fox News anchors and corespondents. He never reveals his anti POTUS Trump leanings though his influence clearly sways as such.  They walk out of those meetings leaning away from POTUS.
Martha Bowes MacCallum who initially was a never Trumper but then moved slowly to the pro Trump side along with Bill O’Reilly is the consummate opportunist. She is prepared to pile on to the “Kill” and will at Judge Napolitano’s leading. Many will expose themselves in coup.
Fox is near to the same narrative as CNN/ MSM. The WP &amp; NYT will be all out pushing their narrative that POTUS Trump has caved. This will be used as propaganda to demoralize the Trump base. Napolitano will do all he can to merge the narrative as Stone is muzzled by Mueller.
In the end POTUS Trump is destined to get 100% of what he is asking for from the Democrats even as they are now foolishly gloating. 		POTUS has bought time strategically for GITMO tribunals to continue and for more to be indicted with a national emergency as a backstop if needed
Fox News Judge Napolitano is forcing the Fox News narrative headline of “Breaking Point”implying Trump broke caving in to Pelosi when it’s just a temporary compromise.		Trump, Democrats reach temporary deal to end shutdown | Fox News https://t.co/f8Jp5PqBgY
The Vatican, Podesta brothers, Manafort, Roger Stone are not the King Makers. Mueller who aspires to make the Nazi descendants of Hitler king of the world is not either.		God the Father is the King maker and he has made Jesus Christ the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords.
Mueller while clever is no match for POTUS. His shadow experience does not encompass the full range of disciplines required to master the world. POTUS Trump does poses the full range of disciplines from the atom to the global economy. Mueller hasn’t a clue of what lies ahead.
POTUS Trump has met personally with every world leader and as such has had an opportunity to gauge and assess each one.  POTUS has a grasp of the entire global power puppet structure front, and understands the power and workings behind.
The Anti-Christ having overthrown the Holy Roman Empire Babylonian Vatican Pope will move the seat of global power to the Third Temple in Jerusalem just as Constantine moved the seat of global power away from Rome to Constantinople now known as the  Wastern caliphate of Istanbul
The Russian Mafia is conjoined with the American Jewish Mafia (JFK and Bobbie Kennedy assassinations) and the CIA and FBI.  Bay of Pigs and Las Vegas shootings.  All to bring about the Vatican Holy Roman Empire only to be overthrown by the Anti-Christ.
These remnants of the communist Russia who became the Russian Mafia are the very same ones who worked with Mueller and  Christopher Steele to set up candidate and then POTUS Trump using Natalia Veselnitskaya as their first public set up of Trump. Fabricated collusion.
When the Europeans see the carnage of the children will their conscience take them back to the Vatican in Rome. And will the woman harlot ride the globalist Beast until she is cast off by the Anti Christ?  Will it be Jared Corey Kushner?  The church will not wait and see.
Roger Stone, the Podesta’s the deep state, the globalist bankers shadow government servanttestas of Vatican of whom the Bible says blood drips from its lips. Indeed blood of all wars before and after Rome as the Vatican is merely the reincarnation OF BABYLON in the German EU.
Did we think the Podesta brothers and Mueller to simply be rats climbing out of the trash heaps of humanity to become global power brokers managing both sides of American politics from Reagan to Clinton’s, before and after to even Donald Trump? But Trump is smarter then them.
Vatican double agent Roger Stone worked FOR the Podesta brothers John &amp;Anthony Podesta. Both were key Pedophile Vatican Globalist agents. Both Podesta’s coming through the Nazi Germany bloodline servants of the Holy Roman Empire. The now Fourth Reich attempt for global power.
@marklevinshow #digenova 	@FoxNews @seanhannity 	The only way to set Fox Completely Free is never Trump Judge Nap to be removed on “Me too”.  It’s there. Find it.		Mark Levin CRUSHES Judge Napolitano / A President can NOT be indicted - ... https://t.co/PpekC3oZsy via @YouTube
POTUS Trump is destined to Win by Jesus who directs the power of the Father as he has appropriated to Jesus to directthe Holy Spirit according to the will of the Father to triumph over Satan’s global shadow gov&amp; deep states who sacrifice CHILDREN making the moon turn to blood
As in Ambassador Stevens.
So this is what the desire for clandestine power vain glory gets you. 		It gets you in trouble and usually dead.
If Stone succeeds in staying alive until POTUS Trump has triumphed over the globalist Vatican Shadow gov and their US and global deep state then his one remaining hope will have been to come clean and reveal all to POTUS. But POTUS Trump already knows all including Stone’s role.
And the one who betrayed Manafort, Corsi and ultimately POTUS Trump is now himself to be silenced and put away into prison on the way to being assassinated.  Stone’s only hope is to survive until POTUS Trump’s triumph over all of them and POTUS is destined for Triumph.
Double agent Roger Stone actually elevated purist conservative ideologue Paul Manafort to the King maker position of making US Republican Presidents so that Manafort could be controlled by the Vatican through him.  Indeed Manafort was betrayed into prison by Stone. Corsi next
Should Roger Stone fully reveal what he knows concerning  Vatican powers over the IS Masons of gov, courts&amp; politicians ,he will almost certainly be assassinated.  He knows that POTUS can not help him, UNLESS, POTUS completes the overthrow of the shadow gov and it’s deep state.
Roger Stone must decide as a double agent, which side he is ultimately on.  He must now resolve his two personalities. The strong public persona against the secret Vatican loyalist.		Paul Manafort knows now the two sides of Roger Stone, but Manafort has been silenced in solitary
If Roger Stone does not come clean to POTUS Trump he will die in prison. Expect Judge Nap to coordinate with Mueller to condemn Roger Stone by casting conspiracy illusions. Stone knows to much and the shadow gov wants him silenced as he poses high risk to them.
Was Roger Stone as a long time agent of the Vatican tasked with bringing Trump to run for POTUS and an expected defeat, only to have Donald Trump win in spite of a shadow gov, Deep State rigged election. Just one of many such rigged elections spanning over a century?
The Russian Mafia was aligned with the American Jewish Mafia, which aligned with the US deep state Masonic cabal which included Johnson, a duped Nixon and an assassination of JFK coordinated by G.H. Bush. Roger Stone knows.  Bit is he a Vatican agent of secrets?
Mueller hates Christian Russia. His Bolshevik comrades who competed with Nazi Germany for the throne of Satan were overthrown by Putin. But their remnants though scattered, remain in Russia, chiefly as the Russian mafia. Putin plays them, keeping them in check.
Mueller’s sense of noble greatness to the Nazi cause for global rule delivered to the Holy Roman Empire from Washington DC can only be afffirmed in his mind by recognition to his god the Nazi order Knights of Malta Vatican Branch as opposed to the Russian Knights of Malta.
You see, ones ambitions must always rise above the immediate tasks as the human ego can only be satisfied by a sense of a higher noble cause. With Mueller the means of  taking out POTUS, the USC, the USA is a progressive climb to his spirit drive of self endowed greatness
Mueller controlled Comey, controlled McCabe, controls FBI Wray.		Judge Nap controls Fox News legal correspondent division. Mueller controls Judge Nap and feeds info to manage narrative by posting false legal analysis always casting a dark shadow against our hope for POTUS.
Perhaps Mueller is content to simply be the Chief General of the global police force, and as such simply remain a servant to the Devil.		It’s all a spiritual war and that’s all it’s ever been since the Garden of Eden and the fall of man from God under Satan’s descriptions.
Thus Mueller’s vain dream proves him to be the fool that he is because Germany is controlled by the Vatican which is Satan’s global Shadow Government above the Rothschilds, Rockefellers, Soros, Obama, and even Low life Clinton’s who are left stuck  in the mud abandoned.
Mueller sees himself as unifying the world under the Holy Roman Empire. He envisions himself as the worthy warrior who almost single handily was able to return the scepter of the globalist Holy Roman Empire back to Germany. But the Vatican Bank controls Pergamum.
Nazi Mueller is driven by vanity. His vain obsession is to be recognized as the greatest loyalist Nazi so that he can be patted on the head by Adolf Hitlar’s daughter Angela Merkel at the “Seat of Satan” known as the “Throne of Pergamun” in Berlin Germany.
Mueller’s extreme vanity is to be recognized as the Uber Nazi Hitler loyalist who successfully delivered the seat of global power to Berlin where he envisions himself standing before the Throne of Pergamun, The Seat of Satan, to be awarded recognition by Hitlar’s daughter Merkal
Mueller’s vain ambition is far above removing POTUS Trump from Office or simply ending the USC.		Nazi Mueller’s vain dream is to stand at the throne of Satan Pergamun which Hitler brought and had reassembled in Berlin, receive Hitlar’s medal from daughter Merkal. Ultimate Nazi.
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@CNBC⁩ ⁦@FoxNews⁩		This is Mueller’s goal, to move global power from DC to Berlin		The “Seat of Satan” Moved from Pergamum to Berlin Germany: Connect the Dots – Absolute Truth from the Word of God https://t.co/hMqxWGtc1n
@FoxNews @CNBC @realDonaldTrump 		Mueller is arranging a circle of process crimes by forcing witnesses to give false testimony, suborning perjury.  He intends to flip it from process to criminal obstruction conspiracy sedition &amp; Treason. The very thing the DS FBI is guilty of.
Fox News coverage = logic.		CNN News  = emotional hysteria.		The Satanic shadow gov controls by emotional manipulation like AOC.		Government pedophile workers were among the protesters attempting to rouse the crowd against Stone but 90% there were Pro Trump MAGA and Pro Stone
@FoxNews	This is Nazi Mueller’s goal. 	It is to move the seat of global power from Washington D.C. to Berlin.		The “Seat of Satan” Moved from Pergamum to Berlin Germany: Connect the Dots – Absolute Truth from the Word of God
Ask Democrat law makers whether or not they have ever heard voices in their heads?
@POTUS @FoxNews	This is Nazi Mueller’s goal. 	It is to move the seat of global power from Washington D.C. to Berlin.		The “Seat of Satan” Moved from Pergamum to Berlin Germany: Connect the Dots – Absolute Truth from the Word of God
Reporters from the White House Press core present at the Fort Lauderdale Court House. Stone arrested in surprise raid this a.m. Mueller leaked to press in advance		Roger Stone appears in shackles in court after early-morning arrest https://t.co/KV8gyXvpwH
Deep state FBI coordination with ANTIFA protesters, a number of which are furloughed federal gov workers.		Trump ally Roger Stone appears in shackles in court after early-morning arrest - Orlando Sentinel https://t.co/KV8gyXvpwH
⁦@FoxNews⁩	This is Nazi Mueller’s goal. 	It is to move the seat of global power from Washington D.C. to Berlin.		The “Seat of Satan” Moved from Pergamum to Berlin Germany: Connect the Dots – Absolute Truth from the Word of God https://t.co/hMqxWGtc1n
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩	Mueller’ is not simply out to impeach POTUS Trump. Not simply out to end the USC &amp; USA. 		Nazi Mueller’s ambition is to deliver the seat of global power to the “Throne  of Pergamun”  of Satan in Berlin		 https://t.co/CUrSNL4Tgz
The illusion that the Democrats believe in is this. They know they control the President’s DOJ, FBI, SC, the Federal courts and still control the US Supreme Court.  The Senate has no power to prosecute, so no matter how damaging the findings they think the law can not touch them
Democrats are under delusional insanity. Many are saying they hear voices in their head. laughing to their hanging at GITMO		Lindsey Graham renews probe into Hillary's emails; Democrats burst out laughing | https://t.co/KD8BTKvYnw https://t.co/1D3GdMmaPw
Nazi Mueller is evil. He is a key player in a long running conspiracy to topple the one and only global supper power to make room for the Satanic NWO OWG UN. It is to be The “Seat of Satan” Moved from Pergamum to Berlin Germany by Adolf Hitler.
Mueller will convict Roger Stone on Obstruction and then will convert that to collusion and conspiracy of high crimes and treason. 		The conspiracy conviction is designed to snowball into the Oval Office, POTUS, the Trump family and Barron in a pedophile cage with Peter Fonda.
Once Mueller, on the basis of supporting testimony, fabricating evidence, intimidation of his subjects and their families, flips process crimes into conspiracy, he then begins new elevated criminal prosecutions with each snowballing over the next right into the WH Oval Office.
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@POTUS⁩		Mueller’s stratagem is to arrange a circle of process crimes then force Roger Stone to lie, suddenly flipping all of those process crimes into a criminal conspiracy illusion. 		 https://t.co/GmWIALW3Zp
AOC is the cute face of the advancing spirit of Holocaust.  		We The People reject socialism which is the first step into fascist global communism which always turns to holocaust, killing fields and human tragedy that turns the moon into blood.
@realDonaldTrump 		If you are an employee you are the recipient of trickle-down economics.  Your boss or employer made more then you and passed down some of those earnings to you.  AOC hates your employer and believes your boss should be in prison.  Cute or holocaust?
⁦⁦@SquawkCNBC⁩	⁦		Trickle-down economics never had a chance to work due to punitive tax, energy, trade policies, &amp; socialist redistribution welfare		Idea at the heart of GOP tax plan: 'trickle-down' economics | Fox Business https://t.co/hRY4tGrju2
Victor Davis Hanson Discusses Pelosi Cancelling the State of the Union https://t.co/l8qZxxUjAY via @YouTube		Pelosi’s grip is slipping. If she caves she will be ousted.  Guess who they will replace her with for $1000?		 l X NDR.   C S  -C RT Z 		Pick a letter.
Victor Davis Hanson Discusses Pelosi Cancelling the State of the Union https://t.co/4LW2cVPtnr via @YouTube		Very Very well said Mr. Hanson.  Excellent social analysis of the leftist mindset.
@RealMattCouch Prayers for your Dad, done.
@CNBC @POTUS @realDonaldTrump It would be nice to see a wall or barrier all the way across the border.  Somehow We The People think it will turn out that way after all. One step at a time.
@thebradfordfile Remember this Deep State Dems, it was the leftist who pretty much got rid of the Death penalty.  The rest of US will be glad to bring it back full force where it is deserved. It’s for the survival and sake of humanity.  No more 40 years on death row.
@jaguirrelaw @realDonaldTrump Another starving lawyer.
@CNBC @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 		Let the deep state Fire themselves. 		Let the Democrats keep the government shut down.  They’re all deep state anyhow. 		It’s the only, and quickest way to end the deep state siege on America. They were dragging US to Hell. NOW IT’s THEIR TURN.
@thebradfordfile No one will remember Pelosi when she’s gone. Her foot note in WikiLeaks, make that Wikipedia,  will read House Speaker tried in a military tribunal for Sedition &amp;Treason against her fellow people &amp; nation. She’ll be hung if she doesn’t confess or Lethal injection if confession.
RT @charliekirk11: This is your daily reminder that Planned Parenthood was caught on tape multiple times harvesting and selling baby body p…
@thebradfordfile We The People patriots do not have a problem with you hardened criminals involved in the most horrific crimes causing the deaths of millions of children, women and men.  Women hanging is no big deal either. Kamala Harris you’re just as evil as the rest. Can you say GITMO?
@thebradfordfile @SenKamalaHarris 		Looks like Kamala Harris has managed to screw her way to the top of the platform of the Hangmans gallows.  Yep, she worked her way up the ladder of treason		We The People cant wait to see you all hanging by your necks for Treason and Crimes against children.
Maybe the Fired nonessential deep state government workers along with the first of the Buzzfeed 15% getting canned can all go find real jobs. We The People can’t wait to see them off of our backs and off the back of the USA.
Perfect.		Pelosi wants to keep the government shut down. 		Good Pelosi is helping US fire the globalist leftist Marxist Communist deep state permanently.  		It couldn’t possibly have worked out better then this. Thank you Madam Speaker. We knew u would.		https://t.co/eAqhVVB4lH
@thebradfordfile Screwing your way to the top is one thing but conspiracy murder really is out of bounds
@thebradfordfile @SenKamalaHarris 	Kamala will look great dangling from a rope by her neck at GITMO. Treason is actually a serious thing Kamala		Leftist women want equality, more like superior advantage screwing their way to the top. Working Men know this. Congrats u climbed up to gallows
@jaguirrelaw @realDonaldTrump And your an attorney?  Really? LOL, okay, okey-dokey.
@jaguirrelaw @realDonaldTrump Clinton’s Lawyer is involved in the Clinton Mafia and is a part of the deep state coup d’état		Emmet Flood is not involved in the Coup BUT!.. he does know a lot about Clinton’s weaknesses		Smart people know these things and take tactical advantages		This is why we always win😀
They all deserve employment In Prison. They are all corrupt, have No Morals, No ethics, No principles whatsoever to even be associated with a deep state fake news co bent on Treason. 		BuzzFeed to Cut 15% of Its Workforce - WSJ https://t.co/XltGtj45hh
@realDonaldTrump Thank you for saving US and giving We The People hope each and every day.		May GOD save the President and May GOD Bless America Again. 		The Dems don’t get it but they will Thank You later.
@realDonaldTrump Pelosi just isn’t that smart. Most of them really aren’t. Even the best of them have their limitations.  They’re way below POTUS Trump’s intelligence, wisdom and work ethic. In fact Very few in Congress actually do any work.  They’re all talking points puppets.
@TheMarkPantano Who needs a SOTU. We have Twitter.  POTUS Trump keeps US up to speed.
@CNBC @CNBCMakeIt $500K is cheap but Why have kids when you can just have illegals, MS-13, illiterates, no English speaking, terrorist, drug smugglers, child traffickers, all of whom cost society far far more then $500K and don’t pay taxes. They cost millions a piece. 		Sure destroy families.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi 		Nancy Pelosi has the government shut down has cancelled the SOTU.  Great job Nancy spreading chaos. Just tear up the country why don’t you!  It’s all about you right?  		The Democrat party has become a clear and present danger. Insanity reigns within it.
@realDonaldTrump Good decision. She wanted to cancel it that’s her decision.  Pelosi isn’t fit to be dog catcher.
@realDonaldTrump “Crooked went before FBI &amp; wasn’t sworn in, no tape, nothing?”		Routine Lawlessness.  Amazing stuff.
China can transform, can secure prosperity without military aggression &amp; without fear of China’s people becoming insane leftist such as has occurred in the USA. Why? Because without the globalist corrupting of universities, gov &amp; media, old values withstand time and strengthen.
Can the China Generals embrace the direction that POTUS Trump has embarked the globe on to?  A world of rising nations, of making Nations Great or even Great Again. POTUS Trump’s call to Nationalism is a call to all Nations. China generals are sophisticated, world class EDU’s.
The acceleration to a NWO OWG was accelerating at the speed of gigahertz until January 20th 2017 when Donald Trump was sworn in. POTUS Trump’s inaugural speech marked that moment in history of the Decline and Fall of the Global Shadow Government Empire and its Deep State.
True capitalism which hasn’t been freely practiced in decades has been under attack since FDR.  The technocratic era which globalist side kick to David Rockefeller coined describing the influence of tech on government on the way to a NWO OWG has born true via the FANG companies.
Globalist have ruined the reputation of capitalism because globalist have operated falsely under the banner of capitalism when all along the globalist have killed off capitalism in the USA while concentrating wealth and power to themselves which is Fascism ie Obama/FBI/17 Intels
The PLA Generals have two choices. Follow Xi into the world of true commerce or annex the Eastern hemisphere. The generals do not trust commerce, more Democratic gov and do not want to let go of their system embrace one they know little of and do not understand.
China’s People’s Liberation Army PLA came to strength as did the Communist party because of the Japanese attack on mainland China. PLA controls China. It’s RNB currency is falling due to a declining China Manufacturing economy known as China Inc. forcing China to cut funding
China deep state operates primarily through the PLA.  Cutting the PLA by 50% puts Xi at risk. But China doesn’t have the money. The generals ultimately control China. President Xi’s life is in danger as is our beloved POTUS Trump. 		https://t.co/nGWjc7Lq3T via @YouTube
@FoxNews The coup going into high gear now with globalist plot to assassinate the POTUS and VPOTUS.  Dem Pelosi was anticipating that she would become POTUS as revealed in Dona Brazile Tweet calling Brazile President Pelosi		President Pelosi https://t.co/RNfEYmdgd3 via @YouTube
Pelosi letter sent to POTUS 13 days before the SOU		The number, “13” considered divine by occultist		1. The Bible assigns ’13’ the meaning of “rebellion against constituted authority”, plus depravity that caused Satan to rebel against God		https://t.co/RNfEYmdgd3 via @YouTube
Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats want to bring the economy to a halt in order to create chaos justifying impeachment in both houses of Congress by Dems and RINO’s.		Trump economic adviser says zero percent growth possible due to shutdown https://t.co/FQu4bP2YxC
POTUS Trump says that “The Democrat party has become a dangerous party.”		We The People agree.  The Dems have put the USA and WTP into clear and present danger.		BREAKING 🔴 President Trump RESPONDS to Radical Nancy Pelosi as she cance... https://t.co/W31HZTxrky via @YouTube
@realDonaldTrump Build A Wall and Crime Will Fall.
Dr  Dave Janda - The Hammer &amp; Deep State Surveillance - 1/17/19 https://t.co/SfBsHiB4hm via @YouTube
@AMike4761 And the soldiers are to be the unemployed Muslim jihadist.  Europeans beware.
@DFBHarvard Did she say 12 years or 12 seconds, because she does get confused.
RT @Gboyega63229327: We must never forget that Jim Jones espouses divine socialism and eventually led over 900 American to their untimely d…
@Reuters @BofA_News None of the above should be discussed at Davos. It does not represent the people of the world, rather only the interests of a few billionaire globalist in a system of globalism ripping of the people of the world into poverty		IMF says global slowdown accelerating. It’s Ur doings
@realDonaldTrump The Democrats under the Marxist DNC wants the USA to look like Paris France. That’s what the Dems are pushing for.  A flood of crime, an eventual Islamic jihadist flood across the Southern border. It’s sick.
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/wjqVvTqeky
@realDonaldTrump Buzzard Feed is a coconspirator in the coup d’état in this Treason and sedition war on America’s We The People.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier,” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the…
@realDonaldTrump Mexican politicians are arranging for funding from the EU and UN. Again the US funding caravans indirectly through $ subsidies to the EU. In other words Mexican politicians now looking to profit from the caravans while hoping it to be a boon to their economy.
@realDonaldTrump The DNC is a Crime Syndicate. Democrat politicians are part of the DNC Crime Syndicate. Dem Senators and Congressmen have become globalist agent agitator provocateurs for the cause of obstruction, sedition and Treason against We The People.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Last time I went to Davos, the Fake News said I should not go there. This year, because of the Shutdown, I decided not…
@VanidaPeters @Donnie0725 @POTUS Calling all Tweeters to tweet their thoughts to @SpeakerPelosi  @SenSchumer 		Send emails too but they pretty much ignore those.
@smalltownandrew @j20godschild @jack Liberal Hollywood director Jack Morrisey is “Directing real live torture and murder.” This is what he is doing while hoping MS-13 will get the message.  		The kids need security now.
@smalltownandrew @j20godschild @jack Well of course that would be the first thoughts out of a Pedophile  child sacrifice adherent. 		Well Jack Morrisey, what do you have to say for yourself?  You are condoning child torture and murder, Loud and Clear.
@Lrihendry @kathyrolandsmit @CNN 		CNN is a lawless entity promoting Unconstitutional actions. 		They can invite anyone to appear but for the most part invite anti-Constitutionalists and Hate We The People propaganda all day long. Communist News Network is involved in the coup d’état treason.
Tweet your “Demands” to Pelosi and Schumer. POTUS can not make demands. That would be “Dictating” and the POTUS is not constituted under the Cinstitution to be a dictator.		But We The People can publicly demand that they fund the security wall
@Anon_decoder The Democrats have become anti-Semitic Islamic Jihadist, Anti Catholic, Anti Evangelical, Anti USA and have become global Bolshevik Communist.
@Anon_decoder There is a very evident strong globalist, DNC, Dem, Islamic Jihadist, MSM movement along with Antisemitism being hoisted over We The People. It is an affront to Our flag for which it stands One Nation Under God INDIVISIBLE with liberty and justice for all.
@johncardillo Did he by any chance claim that he was an astronaut and walked on the moon too?
One billionaire man can buy Congress. And he has used your money to do it. Your money provided by the Fed, the world bank, IMF, the Bank of England all provided for by “Inside trading” in currency markets via LIBOR.
POTUS Trump negotiates. globalist george soros Dictates and his vassals Pelosi &amp; Schumer carry out his orders. 		Where does that leave We The People and the exercise of our will?  It leaves US, so far, with the will of 1 over the will of 63,000,000 voters, more joining each day
RT @ibrahim_201777: @AMike4761 Beans and rice for a last meal.
@AMike4761 Notice the only people constantly “Demanding” are Democrats and Muslim Jihadist. 		Both accuse POTUS of being a dictator yet POTUS has never made “demands” of anyone		Only Dems and Jihadist routinely make demands for which they have no entitlement.  As such they rob Democracy
@AMike4761 Bacon flavor
@AMike4761 Beans and rice for a last meal.
Pelosi &amp; Schumer could have said right there in the Oval Office “Okay Mr President, you give us a DACA Deal and we will give you whatever money is NEEDED to build a Security Wall at the Border”		POTUS offered to deal with the Democrats right then on Live tv and they said No deal
POTUS is “Asking”The US Congress to respond appropriately    to fund a security wall.		Pelosi is DICTATING that her response is “No” and “Hell no”, “Never”, #}%#*+={€£¥&gt;^=No”.		Thus We The People see Nasty Pelosi as derelict in duty to protect and defend the US Constitution.
POTUS is “asking” not “Dictating” for the US Congress to fund one fifth of the amount of money that all the Dems previously voted for to build a Security Wall at the Southern Border in order to prevent a humanitarian crisis, save children’s lives and keep WTP safe &amp; secure.
What the Congress woman was telling Maria Bartiromo  by saying “Let’s just get into the room together” is this: 		“We want to negotiate a Sell Out of The American People again and we need to do this in SSSSecret.” 		POTUS offered to negotiate on live tv in the Oval Office.
The Democrap Congresswoman says lets all get in the room? 		Does she mean the room that Pelosi said was not available for the POTUS State Of The Union Speech?		https://t.co/FHEEnCeYO8 via @YouTube
The Democrats have Always voted for reductions in Defense spending. Now they are voting against &amp; obstructing the POTUS over the defense of US citizens which is what defense is all about. Defending We The People		A Dem POTUS would have said AI sensors &amp; reduce head count $’s
Border security can never be left to computers or AI.  AI and computers can only be used as tools in the hands of Border Patrol Officers, just like money flows which while using computers are all monitored by people. Human eyes. 		A wall is the only true barrier.
Democrats now say the want sensors not a wall. Well of course because sensors being all computer controlled by Soros companies could then switch off alerts leaving the border patrol drinking coffee and watching tv.  Then business as usual. 		https://t.co/FHEEnCeYO8 via @YouTube
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 		One man attempts to influence Congress, POTUS Trump.		But, Pelosi allows one man to control Congress, George Soros. 		Pelosi has handed over the reins of Congress of We The People to one man who wants US open borders, George Soros.
@SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer 		Pelosi and Schumer are attempting to “Force” We The People to accept the will of one man, Billionaire GEORGE Soros who wants open US borders.   Just one man. One man can control Congress. One man. 		https://t.co/FHEEnCeYO8 via @YouTube
It’s always the generals who push for war which is why the deep state controls all military academies world wide. And why the LGBT etc have come to the surface at US Military academies. They are deep state controlled but thinly so.
Prison Barges Sent To Gitmo https://t.co/8z7a8cWTOB via @YouTube
Buzzards are black birds. Buzzfeed is a deep state CIA psyop rumor propaganda mill.   It is used to throw red meat to MSM.  Buzzfeed will soon close its doors &amp; be out of business		Gregg Jarrett on The Sean Hannity Show (1/21/2019) https://t.co/gFmVa2P0Jg via @YouTube
@darhar981 @LoriinUtah @DailyCaller Michael Obama was hiding the manic wand from POTUS Obama, so that’s why Barack Hussein could not Wave it to fix the economy.  It was in her refrigerator all along.
MSNBC shows night footage of migrants being dropped off near border by the dozens, just walking right over https://t.co/z9DyIIZOcB
⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦@RepAdamSchiff⁩	⁦@SenSchumer⁩		Kindly approve the border wall. Let’s save lives and stop the illegal crime wave. God will be pleased you did.		Illegal alien arrested for '4 homicides' in U.S. - WND https://t.co/t4OF8pF3Ek
Illegal alien arrested for '4 homicides' in U.S. - WND https://t.co/t4OF8pF3Ek
The need for China to break away from the Vatican shadow government and their embedded China deep state should be obvious now given the state of crisis that the shadow gov has left China in.  It was a push on China to take up WAR as its solution. The PLA generals push.
PLA generals are deep state just as many in the the USA have been and still are.
Taking Japan for technology and know how needed to rapidly convert the outdated China Inc. Industrial Military Complex. So this is why NOKO then China Vassal rockets were fired over Japan, but no more. See Shadow gov Vatican loosing its grip.
The war is the war for truth. Truth is where We will embrace God or instead embrace our pride.		Which is it with you? Have you embraced the truth All The Way?		The Blood Moon eclipse on Trumps’s inaugural anniversary is the beckoning for salvation before rapture then tribulation
We believed the lies. We believed the lie because we really didn’t care enough to purse the truth. We were chasing our dreams in the flesh, rationalizing in the spirit away from truth. We grew the gap between our hearts &amp; the heart of God in Jesus Christ until perched to parish
The unveiling of Satanic evil of the Truth of the ages is about to come upon We The People and the world. It is being brought by POTUS Trump who will have Trumpeted the Truth and the call to the God of peace, comfort and mercy, the only one who can quench our shame. Jesus.
The end of the Age is upon us. He who restrains evil so that we might be saved is about to unveil the shocking truths of the evil which We The People and the people of the world have allowed ourselves to be deceived in. The one great last call to truth and repentance is coming.
As President G.H. Bush tried to elevate himself in the long running line of Prescott and Bush to the one who would be President of the UN NWO OWG but he was way ahead of the time in practical terms and in illuminate terms. He aged out of that vanity into retirement and execution
But gun running as a Rothschild agent controlled by the Vatican is all G.H. Bush ever really was despite his planning and oversight into 911.
Gun running was perhaps one of G.H. Bushes primary deep state functions. The assassination of JFK was an aside from his life long career progressing to CIA Chief then VP orchestration of Mena Arkansas Gun running using Cocaine as currency for Iran Contra framing of POTUS Reagan.
When in desperation the Vatican launches the war prophesied in Psalm 83 the destruction of Islam as a pawn of Vatican power will have occurred.  God is restraining it until the age of Grace is complete. This will leave only two global powers left. Israel and China under Putin.
The Islamic jihadist movement is an armature operation on the Iranian and Muslim Brotherhood side. It was a side show. A manipulation designed to destroy the Europe then with lessons of mistakes learned the USA before attempting the destruction of Israel.
POTUS Trump has moved into space to knock out all shadow gov and deep state communications systems leaving only encripted messages through finanacial money exchange flows globally to pass messages along, many of which are being intercepted increasingly daily.
POTUS destroyed the DS plan. The Vatican controlled Rothschild agents have lost their communication channels. Their secured satellite systems connecting global deep state channels have been jammed and or knocked out with anti satellite saltilites. The war has moved into space
Kim Un is in dialogue with Xi over the direction of....    China as Un is bonding with POTUS Trump. Why? Because Un knows the value of truth. He can comprehend and envision making “Korea” Great in a shared vision with China.
It is up to Xi tondecide the fate of China. Whether to forge cooperation with Trump deeper with committed resolve to go all the way which would mean less Communist control perhaps following The Singapore Story: Memoirs of Lee Kuan Yew. This why the meetings with Un in SIN.
Putin sees the opportunity and necessity, as a back stop should POTUS Trump be taken out by the shadow gov, to control China.		Sonthe fate of China lies between three powers. POTUS Trump who wants to free China from the globalist and can. The Vatican and the Putin Backstop.
The Vatican is earnestly and vigorously tripping over itself to maintain its global banking system via the Rothchild family it’s agents going back to Florida Rothschild in Waterloo.  It’s funding of global power through wars and is pushing for nuke war in the East.
The Vatican control Japan via the US deep state. Thus the exercise of the invisible hand. China is still controlled by the invisible hands of the Pedophile Priest to Satan who reside in the Vatican. Fox News chief legal correspondent Judg Nap is a Vatican controlled propagandist
Using NOKO ICBM attacks would leave China in a fall back position should their Vatican planted stratagem to anex the East fail.  But annex the East they must in order to capture a market into their less efficient lower quality market. Taking Japan was a key objective.
The Vatican globalist cut off dollar money inflows into China only allowing enough for a soft China landing as they awaited their planned triggering moment.  This by design is intended to leave China Xi in a mode of desperation that would trigger NOKO ICBM attacks.
Putin knows that China,  in order to save itself as it is hobbled under a delapidated outdated labor intensive Industrial Military Complex designed by the globalist has left China vulnerable to collapse.  It was not maintained and updated and funding was cut off in 2015.
Kim Jong Un has found truth. Xi knows truth. 		Pray for the spirit of courage and determination to fall upon them to set their face against the Vatican shadow government.
Moving Uranium around the world, strategically setting up coming nuclear wars upon the earth when the horsemen of the apocalypse began to ride over the earth.		The last blood moon tetrad occurred last night Jan 20th marking the day that POTUS came into office to delay it.
Gun running was the means by which the Vatican Controlled Japan and China.  Arms sales continues to be their underlying trade only now with rockets, whole infantry Battalion set of tanks, Howard servers, Humvees turned over to ISIS.  And Nuke ICBM’s.
“Adnan Khashoggi was a Saudi Arabian businessman, known for his lavish business ... He was famed as an arms dealer, brokering deals between US firms and the Saudi government”.  He held a US Passport as all shadow gov deep state do and held residence in Miami Florida.
Up until WW II the Vatican vessels of power later known as the Jesuits controlled Japan by orchestrating divisions the pitted one dynasty against another then financed wars through loans secured by gold for Guns. Gun running is an old old trade. Ask Gun runner Adnan Khashoggi.
The welcoming of POTUS Trump by the children was a virtuous welcoming of Truth.  President Xi stood by POTUS Trumps side having arranged his wholesome welcoming by the children. No other warmer welcome could be felt. 		The age of child sacrifice is ending. Satan hates children.
It is for the children whom Asians have a greater passion and love for more then any other nation on earth. It is for their children that they sacrifice with dedicated hard work that no other nation can match.  		Thus the welcoming of POTUS Trump by the precious children.
Jesus Christ is making Truth known in North Korea and Un Kim Jong is finding truth and Jesus Christ. God has appointed POTUS Donald John Trump to be the messenger of Truth to free the captives of Satanic Lies and deception. POTUS has provided the evidence. It’s the children.
Japan is now ready for the great spiritual awakening. Japan is about to experience a turn to God that will sweep over the nation in popular outpouring and turning to the God of Truth, Loving kindness, mercy and Grace.  Jesus loves the Japanese. He has ordained their freedom.
Japan lost Christianity as a result. Japanese blames US Christianity for the A-Bomb destruction of their Japanese empire. They turned to Secularism and progressively back to the Satanic spirit known as Buhidism.		But God has not forgotten the children of those who perished.
The Immaculate Conception Cathedral, Nagasaki Japan was the epicenter of evangelical awakening to the True God of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit.  		Satan’s shadow gov ordered The second A-Bomb dropped directly on its Cathedral to extinguish Christianity in Japan.
Catholicism in Japan became evangelical just as today Vatican Pedophile Luciferian Catholicism has given way to the evangelical movement in Central and South America because of Pedophilia &amp; known child sacrifices. 		The shadow gov took revenge with the A Bomb.
China has been under the control of the Vatican which is the globalist shadow government, since Shadow gov controlled England waged the opium wars against the Chinese. The Vatican orchestrated Japanese attacks on China to extend the war in the Pacific.
If China Xi can break away from the shadow government and root out the globalist deep state imbedded in China before he was ever borne then Xi can lead China into Greatness.  Bit who can he trust? There is no Q in China.		If not then Putin will control China.
“Moscow police said that Anastasia Vashukevich was detained in Moscow’s Sheremetyevo airport on charges of inducement to prostitution along with three people deported alongside her.”  Now four people rescued from the deep state are safe and free for the first time in their lives
Did Anastasia Vashukevich know why she was being arrested? Of course not!  She is in protective custody to prevent further Comey/Mueller framing narrative.  Now she is safe and she is free for the first time in her life.  God is good and smiles upon his children.
Children robbed from the cradles of orphanages trapped into prostitution used as pawns by deep state.  Arrested or rescued by Putin? Fake info framing arrested.		Model who claimed to have US-Russia collusion tape arrested in Moscow https://t.co/ByHN8aE7sz
Q: STRINGS CUT - THERE IS NO ESCAPE FOR THE CLINTONS https://t.co/vv9mxtwvx6 via @YouTube
@TheMarkPantano The hard core leftist activist thugs comprise only of 10,000 - 50,000.  Not enough to over throw the USA.  Millions of leftist in government but they’re about to all be fired.
@justdeplorible @timeanddate That said the wise men from the East had plenty of time to analyze the appearance of the Star of Bethlehem. 33 years to prepare themselves with Gold, Myrrh and frankincense and make the long journey to arrive to see the child Jesus.
@justdeplorible @timeanddate Signs don’t seem to appear or predict an exact date from what the Bible scholars tell us. The Star of Bethlehem appeared 33 years before the birth of Jesus.
RT @marklutchman: I can’t side with any politician who’s been in office since ‘81 and blames a NEW president for America’s problems. 		RT i…
RT @GOP: On this day, two years ago, @realDonaldTrump was inaugurated as President of the United States—making the PEOPLE the rulers of thi…
@rosedixontx Same old same ol, or as they say in Asia same same.
RT @WhiteHouse: The historic results of President Donald J. Trump’s first two years in office: https://t.co/xznAzXbrq3
A Trumpet for My People - Steve Fletcher: THE HISTORY OF THE 8 BLOOD MOON TETRADS SINCE CHRIST... AND HOW WE CAN KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT! https://t.co/Pjj6pcL0lb
@timeanddate @justdeplorible Donald Trump was born on the first Blood Moon of 6 known as the Tetrad commencing the birth of Israel. Today a sixth and final tetrad Blood Moon will occur on the very anniversary of Donald Trump being inauguration marking the beginning of his third year in office.
@timeanddate @justdeplorible The sixth and final Blood Moon in the tetrad marks the nearing end of the age of Grace, the return to the age of the Law of Moses.		2 Peter 3:8		But do not forget this one thing, dear friends: With the Lord a day is like a thousand years, and a thousand years are like a day.
@timeanddate @justdeplorible The 6th Blood Moon in the tetrad marks the near end of 6000 years since Adam and Eve.  The reign of the Lion Of Judah is on the door step. 		Psalm 90:4 		A thousand years in your sight are like a day that has just gone by, or like a watch in the night.
@timeanddate @justdeplorible The rapture of believers in Jesus Christ will precede the time of Jacobs trouble, the Tribulation and the great tribulation of GOD’s wrath.
It's Not a Shut-Down https://t.co/1yaadpp7tY via @YouTube
@timeanddate @justdeplorible This sixth in the tetrad of 6 Blood moons, a sign to Israel that the end of the Age of invitation and Grace by Jesus Christ is soon nearing. The remaining 7 weeks in Danials prophecy is arriving soon. First 3 occurred in the birth years of Israel. Now the last in the book end.
RT @timeanddate: Total Lunar Eclipse January 20 / 21, 2019!  Watch as the Super Full Moon turns blood red in the sky on the evening of Sund…
@STUinSD @POTUS POTUS has offered Zero trade Tarriffs and Zero trade barriers. This would be unregulated free trade. The world which has benefited massively from the old US read policies and Tarriffs has rejected those offers outright. Why? Because they got all the benefits not US.
@STUinSD Conjectures to some, fact based logic with obvious apparent outcomes to others. 		Always two sides to every market.  Trading on deep state propaganda injected by gold dealers injecting fear, sadly readily accepted by fearful conservatives causes losses to themselves.
@STUinSD Never said no foreign trade. What was said is that the USA does not have a need to rely on foreign trade, add, foreign Sovereigns Need USA trade. They need US more by exponential factors then We need them.  USA and the global reserve dollar exchange remains the driver.
@STUinSD Only if you assume a zero sum game. Demand for goods and services within a burgeoning US economy at the margins will far out weigh foreign exports.  Boeing will still export, Cat, as well as oil to friendly nations.  Foreign will not crash but will shift dramatically.
@STUinSD Foreign trade has resulted in massive trade deficits. All of this encouraged by globalist multinational firms who rigged trade treaties, tax &amp; environmental laws against US		That’s now all changed under POTUS and is about to accelerate. Why do you think the globalist hate POTUS?
@STUinSD Frankly the USA does not need to do trade with any foreign nation.
@STUinSD A currency merger between two failing economies is a recipe for financial ruin. It won’t happen. The rest of the world will simply not have their good faith and trust in such a currency.
@STUinSD Russia income has declined drastically. So has China’s. A merger between two geopolitical competitors is a marriage that can never be consummated.  Putin sees an opportunity to take over China as the shadow gov looses its grip on China.
@STUinSD China is in steep manufacturing decline. Their markets are in deep distress. They are running out of surplus cash to prop up their Shanghai exchanges and it’s spilling on to Hong Kong.  These are well known problems world wide. Does this sound like a place to trust ur money to?
@STUinSD The bottom line is this, would you or anyone trust China with your money?  China steals trade secrets, strong arms neighbors, conduct cyber warfare, not only against sovereigns but against corporations.  Trust and good faith in China is not their branding trademark.
@STUinSD China has to have trade going for it and that trade would have to surpass that of the USA which is double the size in GDP of China and would have to convert OPEC to Yuan. But the US is selling arms and providing  Saudi protection from Iran? Would they trust China. Nope.
@STUinSD Wealthy Chinese scramble to get their money out of China and into dollars. China currency outflows are globally recognized and analyzed.  Outflows continue despite every effort by the PRC to stem or cutoff outflows		Does that sound like a global Dollar currency threat? It is not
@STUinSD China a shadow gov globalist controlled gov. Wall St talked incessantly about rising China &amp; its Renminbi, until its failure under the failing out dated China Inc Industrial Military complex was fully understood.  Suddenly no talk from 2009-10 until just recently v WS DS MSM
@STUinSD @jonella_moore No need to worry about the dollar. It is the King of currencies and always will be because of POTUS Trump MAGA.  The dollar demand will soon soar as the € continues to crash into total distraction and until the £ goes to the bottom awaiting more UK elections &amp; hard BREXIT.
@STUinSD @jonella_moore Barter is often unpredictable, making long term planning a logistics and value nightmare.  Barter does not replace an income stream from manufacturing.  It does introduce essential raw goods into an economy which then is distributed through Yuan circulation albeit inefficiently.
@STUinSD @jonella_moore China desperation has shifted to barter more &amp; more but this system is very inefficient causing value loss for China up to 70%. Barter works on long term contracts and payoffs, is not liquid &amp; is difficult to control. Barter is more effective as a takeover strategy than income
@STUinSD @jonella_moore The China reduction in global dollars which balances their trade portfolios can only go so far. Why? Because they by oil from OPEC which trades in $’s exclusively. Iran can not supply China sufficiently due to IMF currency restriction which effect the € exchanges too.
@STUinSD @jonella_moore Any nation doing trade in the USA must maintain a US $ portfolio in order to transact its trade or the trade doesn’t happen		China trade with the USA is dropping dramatically, so yes they are reducing their $ portfolio and have been for several years accordingly.
@STUinSD @jonella_moore No country can do any significant amount of trade with the USA without holding cash in dollars secured in Treasuries available for Swaps. If Toyota sells a car to a US distributor it must accept payment in $ not ¥. If Toyota pays employers in its US factories it pays in $$$$$$$
@Patrici15767099 @skys_me A DNC officer can order an assassination. (Seth Rich) So can a BLM or ANTIFA officer. And there are others with such criminal powers.
@Patrici15767099 @skys_me BLM, ANTIFA, MS-13, coyotes are all deep state rogue CIA operations. Their work crosses their own public political agendas for public confusion and news media disassociation.  It’s all one big War on America. They’re all mercenary soldiers in the war against US.
@Patrici15767099 @skys_me This beautiful young woman was assassinated by key BLM radicals who ordered her assassination by BLM agent provocateurs. 		A memorial will be built in Washington DC with the names of all the assassinated police officers. It will be dedicated by POTUS Trump in his 2nd term.
@Kimbraov1 @LaylaAlisha11 Linda Sarsour is playing right into the hands of the overarching defeat of the shadow gov and deep state. When her evil is fully exposed she will be a catalyst in the great awakening of American Muslims to the evil agenda that Jihadist have planned for US Muslims.
@CEWingate1968 @Onlybat2 @SultanOfCatnip @misspunk63 @1Jodi4444 @TropicaldogMosy @HoldIngGolden @VortexVixen45 @JSpragens @garway95 @1234flyingninja @jammy33 @ljbrilljr @DC1776 @John_R_Berna @Pete4709 @PMgeezer @IHaveNoLid @pjbowles4 @SunshineLK10 @realDonaldTrump POTUS is under the tightest security ever. They’ve been trying all along. There have already been several public attempts during the 2015 campaign. Attempts are made nearly every day.  We The People pray for POTUS Trump, family and staff’s safety. GOD is protecting POTUS Trump
Leftist restaurant protester terrorist comprising of gov workers &amp; contractors are not going to receive another paycheck ever from the US Treasury.  This will quell resumption of restaurant the coup provocateurs as they scramble for jobs and have to explain their arrest records
Pelosi and Schumer have led the treasonous deep state gov to their slaughter. Deep state private Intel will be crushed. Destroyed.  Gov grants to Leftist universities for fake environmental global warming studies have already come to a screeching halt.
It's Not a Shut-Down it’s about to be a permanent lay-off that will cripple the deep state. SES traitors will be gone. Private Intel contractors who’ve stood by with info on DNC coup and who’ve coordinated with CIA &amp; FBI in coup get canned. 		https://t.co/1yaadpp7tY
@LaylaAlisha11 @gaye_gallops hadow gov deep state logistics supply chain does not end at the border. It is a seamless supply chain continuum into every town, township, city and dale.  It involves corrupt police, judges, lawyers (who get illegals released) doctors. Layers and layers of corruption.
@LaylaAlisha11 @gaye_gallops The coyote’s criminal activities do not stop at the border.   They continue on deep into every nook and cranny in the USA.  Child sex slave trafficking, drugs and political assassinations.  Many live in luxury homes that were seized by the banks &amp; now are Air BB. Soros paid for.
@LaylaAlisha11 @gaye_gallops Latino men and women who have beautiful daughters live in fear. Each time their daughter leave their sight they fear they may never see them again as the most beautiful are kidnapped by the sex and human trafficking coyotes of MS-13.
Pelosi was taking delegation of Treason to Brussels to coordinate by mouth and notes to deep state and Cairo Egypt to coordinate deep state Uma Muslim Brotherhood jihadist and Afghanistan poppy deep state drug center, all of which  are in disarray and collapsing.
@USAWatchdog 		The prime reason POTUS Trump will not attend Davos: He has delivered his message on every world stage. Message complete.  		He remains in DC now to manage the gov shutdown which goes into high gear this week with mass automatic firings.		https://t.co/buKc3j419f
RT @realDonaldTrump: Wow, just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19%, to 50%. That is because they know the Border issu…
@realDonaldTrump Exactly right. Pelosi is not a “Leader”.  She is a follower.  A shameful follower of other things first.  		America obviously is low on her list of priorities, such as junkets, Leftist radical agendas including the overthrowing the order of the US Constitution and the USA.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally &amp; has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical De…
@POTUS Notice leftist are not outraged over the rise of anti-Semitism. In fact they promote it.  Anti-Semitism is rising out of DNC Dem controlled SANCTUARY CITIES.		Sanctuary Cities give Sanctuary to Nazi, Jihadist Ant-Semitic Blood Lust. 		WTP 1776 resist this spirit of 1938.
RT @conservmillen: The best case conservatives can make for small government is our own compassion. @yaf https://t.co/910Qni5Ymj
@4AmericanKat @cajunchick25 There are billions of immoral people who can be paid or made to parrot any lie their masters program them to do.		Sex trainer. Yet a new term nauseating term for public consumption.  Sex Trainers, porn stars &amp; others engaged in immoral have no credability with We The People.
@Ch4rlieT4ngo @otdon Leftist don’t ask question and do not think. They are emotional engines of sedition and treason programmed to destroy the USA by shadow gov policies via the universities, Hollywood and MSM.
@PaulieD55 		The Feminist movement destroys women, turns them into lesbian man hating family hating USA HATING pariahs. 		Feminism makes women HATE themselves and anyone unfortunate to be near them whether at home or work.
RT @fortressfin: Connecting Our Protectors:		🥋@fortressfin	🥋@leftovergravy	🥋@sianetta 	🥋@MAGAgirly	🥋@GeanineC	🥋@Sequencer16	🥋@lisette_72	🥋@…
@RabbiWolpe @kathyrolandsmit anti-Semitism is on a steep rise in Democrat controlled Sanctuary cities across the USA. The DNC in conjunction with jihadist are the monsters deploying Anti Semitism		Jihadist Obama is the architect. He has been waging war on Israel and Christians here and abroad v ISIS ET al
RT @RabbiWolpe: Powerful. Important.  https://t.co/BaOsw8YGup
RT @fortressfin: Connecting America’s Protectors		🥋@fortressfin	🥋@MrDiddy85	🥋@USALoveGod	🥋@ChrisBragdon	🥋@leftovergravy	🥋@AndreaC65757171	🥋…
Levin: SICK Nap &amp; Lying ex lawyers. https://t.co/FT8deEEZop 		Judge Nap is a Dark Vatican globalist propaganda agent. His job is to DEMORALIZE, CONFUSE and PLACE DOUBT in the Minds of conservatives in order to make impeachment a foregone conclusion. Nap is part of the Coup.
@con_SID_ers Cortez was INSTALLED into office by corrupt money and corrupt means. She is an illegitimate Congresswoman just exactly as Brock Hussein Obama was an illegitimate President with an illegitimate man First Lady transsexual. 		It’s from Hell pushing US toward Hell		Hell No! We win
@con_SID_ers What ever happened to the good ole slap on the face?  That the USA has to tolerate this young foolish no nothing woman who’s voice was bought and paid for by the Globalist Illuminati Anti USA, Anti Israel Nazi Jew Haters is abhorrent.
@realDonaldTrump 		What do the arguments over “The Wall” boil down to?		POTUS Trump is fighting for human life, freedom and security for families and for all.  The USA is about Life.		Democrats fight and promote Human Suffering and DEATH.   		https://t.co/k8ZU55TPdc via @YouTube
Mueller is a Nazi.  A disgrace. Rosenstein, McCabe, Comey, all of them should hang.  All of them. ASAP.
If the Semoncraps want war then We The People are ready. Let’s give it to them full on. They will never turn on their own.  Let’s do it and do it fast and thorough.  If Dems haven’t seen the light by now THEY NEVER WILL. End it ASAP. Declassify GITMO &amp; Gallows.
No deal without a wall &amp; $25,000,000,000 approved for the Wall &amp; border security. Cheap investment. It will save $Trillions in the long run. We The People are completely and thoroughly disgusted with child kidnappings and police murders occurring seemingly ever day. It’s sick
It would be better to collapse the USA to purge the evil &amp;start all over again than allow  Demoncraps to continue any further with their lawlessness.  Good people will band together to get through whatever we have to to get this USA straightened out. Anything no holds barred
Democrats are just plain evil and it is obvious. They could care less about human suffering. They are self obsessed politicians involved in a coup d’état under Marxist now Bolshevik modus operandi at any cost of casualties, pain &amp; suffering to children &amp; the cradles of humanity
Imagine American women returning to the USA stepping of their flight and taken to rooms to be gang raped?  Or tourist women from Europe?  How would HRC or Pelosi feel if they were subjected to treatment that illegals are enduring?  Pelosi is involved in treason.
@donaldtrump1011 		Coyotes feel entitled to rape the women and girls they bring across the border. It’s a fact that they anticipate. 		Imagine American business and politician women returning off a flight from London or Paris and then taken into a room in immigration and reped
President Trump Adresses Nation 1/19/19 Immigration &amp; Shutdown https://t.co/sL3MbjdrTf via @YouTube
The battle front to stave off the collapse of US National Sovereignty is occurring at the border. We The People win at the border or we LOOSE the USA. It’s that simple. Thus POTUS Trump is in the right place at the right time and that is at the Sourthern Border defending US.
The globalist have been for a National crisis on many fronts. This crisis is the currently their hoped trigger of collapsing USA borders  ushering all caravans coupled with the further drive to end the US Constitution, National Rule Of Law &amp; imposition of NWO OWG.
Pelosi is becoming very concerned about the shutdown and over her orders to keep it shut down coming through globalist courier channels coming to her with memorized verbal messages. Purpose of the trip was Brussels for dialogue stratagem		https://t.co/bKvHhicM6u via @YouTube
@LaylaAlisha11 @gaye_gallops Legal Latino’s in sanctuary cities have been left defenseless. They know the police will arrest and release illegal criminals who will only come back for revenge.  		Latinos are taking the brunt of the illegal crime wave. Sanctuary cites are Racist. Dems always have been.
@LaylaAlisha11 @gaye_gallops Illegal latinos move into hard working family Latino communities bring a crime wave of rape, murder, kidnaoings, home invasions, drugs in schools, extortion, prostitution and other crimes.  Of course honest hard working Latinos feel threatened and overwhelmed.
@ChuckCallesto The DNC channels via universities are putting that message into BLM activist nation wide. Fortunately they are a sliver of a group amongst blacks who have no such terrorist intentions. 		That’s probably not a good political statement they’re making there. No a good idea.
@michaelkeyes @LNW4Trump God bless the family. Very sorry.  What a great young man.  He may be gone from here but he left a legacy of “Great” behind. That he is remembered dearly is proof.
@wifey083003 @steph93065 @realDonaldTrump The Wall will save trillions of dollars and produce trillions more. Think about what that will do for health care.  If a free abortion is ones only concern that won’t be available. Maybe that’s all those who cry about health care really only care about? A free abortion.
@realDonaldTrump POTUS Trump is the unifier. Eventually the Democrats will be on board rejecting the far left coup d’état. The Democrats will break away from the globalist Communist Bolsheviks. It’s inevitable as their own survival at stake is coming into view.
@senatemajldr We The People do not want to be ruled over by unelected bureaucrat as they are in the EU. We will not stand for it. The Masonic Promise of American World gov was a lie from the Pantheon of Greek demigods. The fallen Angels of Lucifer also known as Satan whom they sacrifice to
@senatemajldr God bless you Mitch. You are talking the language of We The People. Please take these expressed sentiments all the way and beyond the imaginations of the Bolshevik far leftist global Communist party. The OWG is not to be USA. They lied. Only Nationalism works.
RT @senatemajldr: ‘Behold the Democrat Politician Protection Act’ - My op-ed in the Washington Post: https://t.co/kpSoHXGqmW
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@FLOTUS⁩ 		⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ⁦ https://t.co/7qF32d88NT
@DollieAnn2 👍😀
@DollieAnn2
@DollieAnn2 @POTUS @senatemajldr @WhiteHouse The Founding Father’s intended to for the Washington Mall to be the ultimate expression of the grass roots of We The People. Elected representatives choosing to enslave the People to their own whims denying the ears of WTP to hear our POTUS then POTUS jumps over them all.
@DollieAnn2 @POTUS @senatemajldr @WhiteHouse Mitch is hiding under his desk again. Rand Paul want to shift the State of The Union to the Senate Capital Building. Has introduced a motion. 		Maybe better done on the grass roots of the Washington Mall directly to We The People since we have a House of Reps enthralled in coup.
@DollieAnn2 Nice view of puget Sound climbing out of Seattle SeaTac to the South from a Boeing 737 taken fromseat F. Alaska Airlines, South West or was it another Airline?  You travel often so may not remember?
It’s a great day in America. POTUS Trump who is the Supreme Law Enforcement Officer in the Land is bringing the Shadow Government and it’s deep state to its knees for confession and  execution.		America is Great Again and will become Greater and loved by the world then Ever.
Child trafficking for sex and murder is about to be exposed globally and the Populist rage, especially in foreign nations will be severe. Their will be a rounding up and purging of the deep state. Similar to the French Revolution in some ways.
The Confidence of the global Populist movement is well on the way. It is rising rapidly &amp; will result in the removal of foreign deep state by hanging and firing squads. The destruction of deep state can be heard crashing down as they chatter amongst themselves, all recorded. All
President Donald Trump is the Dosrupter in Chief. He has out classed the shadow government and deep state. He has out planned and out played them all because they SG &amp; DS were over confident thinking they could get away with anything became complacent, always were sloppy.
Communication channels between the shadow gov and the deep state between each other has fallen back to the horse and buggy days of hand written notes and secret hand shakes.  Even private conversation and whispered messages are being recorded. Total communication disruption.
But the Shadow gov can’t think coherently any longer. The financial guys are still operating by David Rockefeller, G.H Bush and Zig Brezinski are DEAD. They have lost key strategist in the shadow gov deep state operating arms. Comey, Clapper, Brennan all out of direct power.
Pelosi’s intent in the government shut down as designed by the Zion IST shadow gov (Not Israel, not 99% of the Jews either) was to create a crisis on which she, the Dems and RINO’s in Congress with deep state CNN/MSM would use to Impeach and inprison POTUS and a family coup.
Evil is on the run as evidenced by frail fearful Nancy Pelosi who wanted to be in what she thought would be safe deep state hands abroad should POTUS take the next move which would land her in GITMO which is her final destination for Hogh Crimes and Misdemeanors, SeditionTreason
A limited EO national State of Emergency will be ordered at the border in conjunction with an EO to round up sex trafficking and drug trafficking criminals who’ve seeped through the border.  The EO’s will not shut down functioning gov at work not over ride state gov’s.
All essential will be immediately hired under limited military commissions as military officers. This will be similar to Marshal Law or similar to when the National Garda have been activated during National Emergencies to perform logistic functions. Bye bye deep state.
Soon the Pelosi Government shut down will mean all government employees not at work are automatically terminated.  SES will be automaticly terminated along with others as they have no protection clause. Then POTUS will hire those he wishes to keep. By by treasonous DOJ coup.
Pelosi’s sole mission was to make the rounds to foreign corrupt officials of the deep state to deliver hand written notes and whispered answers &amp; instructions including assassination plans should POTUS make another visit?  Extortion 17 killing Navy Seals &amp; contingents.
Looks like Pelosi’s little conniving getaway plan to get out of town to duck the shizz storm she is brewing has backfired leaving her stranded. 		She was going on a globalist coup mission to deliver by mouth whispers, messages to foreign deep state concerned over their future.
Pelosi can not order up an Airforce Jet from the Presidents livery. It has the Presidential Seal &amp;  belong to him not her		FLOTUS can Fly any time		Pelosi represents 1 House of Congress. She is not equal in Power to the President.  https://t.co/7qF32dpJFr
@ChuckCallesto Looks like Nancy Pelosi is not as powerful as the President.		We The People treat The First Lady better than Royalty because we care.
RT @ibrahim_201777: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @KUSINews Is Pelosi going to start dragging her Entourage around with her again on the Boeing C-3…
“If thou, Lord, shouldest mark iniquities, O Lord, who shall stand?”	Psalms 130:3 KJV https://t.co/SGaG32uve6
@GOP @mbohannon9 The Jewish Mafia with its Boston Irish Mafia partner overtook the Italian Mafia, assassinating a Sicilian old country mob mob boss and moved on into big business and banking.  JFK resisted=assassination. Whitey Bulger eventually protected by FBI Robert Mueller.
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump And "Beta" O'Rourke admitted today what we all knew, that the the Democrats believe the constitution is…
@MarkDice The Dems are inviting a nuclear attack against America because if the world see America weak and falling apart they will attack. Why? Because they will panic and they have to kill the policeman before they attack their neighbor.
@James05235326 @BradbuCraig The Democrats are the party of Islamic Jihad, MS-13, Child trafficking, human trafficking, drugs, opioid deaths, a crashing stock market, taxing all of your income away and giving it to Communist abroad. In other words the Dems are the Party of sedition and treason.
@RealMattCouch This is what Democrats have done to America.  They are begging for the hangman’s noose and the baby’s killers will get it top to bottom when POTUS declassified. When the pedophile child traffickers are rounded up the Congress will be all red.
@rosedixontx Montel Williams obviously is not fit civilization as he advocated the law of the jungle.
RT @RodStryker: We're facing an onslaught of brutal racial attacks against white people in America, promoted by evil Leftist Media, Academi…
@AOC @LaurenUnderwood @KatieHill4CA @RepJahanaHayes @DanRiffle “So why can’t we find GOP Senators to ask them do theirs?” 		It’s because your offensive Cortez. you dumb ass donkey Democrat.  You stink, screech and make a lot of noise.  Even deep state Mitch can’t stand you Dems.  So We The People ignore you.
@AmyMek Florida Jewish Official Commissioner has every reason to feel that way and, thank God, a First Amendment that gives her every right to express her fear. And guess what? Jihadist speak like her and they do blow up people and even Mosques with suicide Bombs. Her fears are real.
@The_Trump_Train The State of the Union Without the Democraps will be a POTUS Trump rally. It will be the best ever!
@The_Trump_Train Maybe do the State of the Union on the grass roots of the Washington Mall. Folks eating hot dogs and cheese burgers. We The People are getting worn out by that Congress. Maybe it’s time to shut it down for renovations. They’ve been disrupting our dinner time.👍😀👍
@The_Trump_Train Democrats to boycott the State of The Union. Good It will be the best ever.  Who wants to see those fools sittings and having their little meaningless demonstrations.  They are all treasonous pedophiles. We The People see right through their fake acts. Theirs No Truth in Them.
@tictoc @CMEGroup @blu_putnam What you have done to the children in the womb will be done to you for eternity.  Google “Medically Dead, went to hell and came back on the operating table to tell about if it.”  Stop your foolish thoughts. God will forgive you if you stop and ask him.  Your choice for eternity.
@tictoc @CMEGroup @blu_putnam We will rescues the children you Bloomberg people torture, sexually devour and murder. Go ahead, think your enlightened as YOUR FRIENDS RIP ARMS AND LIMBS FROM LITTLE CHILDREN EVER DAY. Your morality and humanity has been aborted and your friend Hell awaits your souls.
@tictoc @CMEGroup @blu_putnam Better to Die on our feet then live on our knees to you jack ass fools. Don’t worry We The Working People have this. And GOD is with us. Satan with you. We Win with GOD and POTUS.
@tictoc @CMEGroup @blu_putnam Yep. No Wall no budget approval. POTUS Trump because he is a good hearted man gave You Communist a big fat chance. And what did you do?   		It would be better to let the USA go into severe deep inflicted distress then give in to Bloomberg’s globalist Communist.
@DrSaraChase “Life begins at the end of your comfort zone!”  Oh yeah sister, preach it! That’s when life get better for sure.
@GodGetslastWord @RodStryker RBG? Wanted dead or alive? 		More like Not Wanted Dead or Alive.
Made in The USA Again!		Indra Nooyi would be a Great choice for heading the World Bank.  Let’s get this global growth economy going. We don’t want to leave the world behind. USA is doing business here and abroad and we have the financing to bank our exports ginning up!
@thrWSMW @cosmos2114 @realDonaldTrump He didn’t defeaud me. 63,000,000 pulled the lever on that.  What did you get defrauded of? Who do you personally know that he defrauded?  		Loosers always feel defrauded.  It’s understandable for sure.  Bet you never felt defrauded😀
@krassenstein @realDonaldTrump Outspoken comes in many forms. Many.
@krassenstein @realDonaldTrump Wow, so you heard the USA chops journalist up into little pieces? Is that what your saying?		The fake news along with the Democrats chop POTUS Trump up into little pieces every day, or so they think but POTUS Trump is whole, alive and thriving to the approval and applause of WTP
Steven King gets pulled off of committees. Did we overlook Hillary Clinton’s blatantly racist comments? Is HRC now in like fashion to be pulled out of any future public servant positions as a result of her very clear blatant comment? What’s fair for GOP is fair for Jack Ass HRC?
MSM has been timid about labeling King as racist for fear that it would bring up the racist joke “Well they all look alike” made by HRC only three months ago this past October 2018. 		So what MSM was afraid to do the RINO Republicans agreed to do in their stead.
Any Republican politician speaking to a NYT reporter could be considered an impeachable offense though. That’s a joke btw.
Where was the black caucus when Hillary Clinton made he sarcastic racist joke “Well they all look alike” remark?  No doubt Steven King was not afforded an opportunity to clarify the context of his conversation with the NYT reporter.
HRC Made a blatantly racist joke and has made many racist comment in her career so MSM tries to avoid labeling King racist for fear of HRC’s comments coming up.  		So Globalist RINO’s pile on to an NYT story with edited facts over a Steven King phone interview
Only 3 months ago 		Hillary Clinton jokes Sarcastically Suggests All Black People ‘Look Alike’ – News One		This MSM pulls back on labeling King racist but politicians pile on. 		Looks like HRC is disqualified for her racist comments. https://t.co/n9FcnVkgjN
@FoxNews 		How about HRC racist Hillary Clinton’s “Well they all look alike” remarks caught on tape disparaging blacks as recently as only three months ago October 2018 	Politicians in an Uproar about Steven King’s comments? 		This is why MSM’s reticence to label King as racist
@thrWSMW @cosmos2114 @realDonaldTrump The Trump organization never employed illegal labor. There is no record of this.
@thrWSMW @cosmos2114 @realDonaldTrump For those who are concerned with preventing cheap foreign labor being employed illegally in the USA then there is a solution. The Wall will stop that immediately.
@thrWSMW @cosmos2114 @realDonaldTrump Subcontractors are only being scrutinized in recent years. If one is concerned over cheap foreign labor in the USA then how about sanctuary cities San Francisco and Oakland employing Chinese contractors using Chinese slave labor to build the new bridge?		a Wall would stop that.
@PreetBharara Globalist and their politician puppets want a global Government of the unelected  which as in the EU would strip its people of all power. on May 29, 1948 the UN Peace Keeping Forces were formed as a prelude to a global military ostensibly over the Arab Israeli War. Their excuse.
@PreetBharara The USA cooperates with many nations around the world that are not in NATO on many issues including defense.  NATO was the beginnings of a One World Military.  Next was the formation of its intended future parent the UN Peace Keeping Forces which is actually a global Military
@PreetBharara Their is no Axis of evil. There are no Nazi submarines sinking supply ships in the North Atlantic Ocean. The World War ended over 74 years ago on September 2, 1945. Scrapping NATO does not imply a lack of cooperation between the US and the EU or others.
@PreetBharara The POTUS is not obligated to follow past precedents whether on long failed trade, tax and energy policies or treaties or on a long outdated post WW II NATO treaty. The EU demonstrates by not paying their obligations that they do not value their NATO agreement. Why should we?
@realDonaldTrump NATO has been a wealth drain on the USA. Even worse by the EU not paying its NATO obligations they have had more money to spend on an unelected EU bureaucracy which is anything but Democratic or even socialist. The EU has become a fascist globalist communist cabal funded by US.
@45BestPrezEver @phillyeaglesfa1 @DickDurbin Dock Durban. This is what you get from the Swamp. Zombi puppets who merely recite talking point lines that they are directed to spew from the globalist psychopaths who want to control and murder humanity for their pleasure.
@JosephNSanberg It’s simple. Jobs, strong families = no poverty.
@JosephNSanberg Stupid give away ideas only produce poverty you idiot. Pull your head out of where it doesn’t belong and start thinking instead of spewing meaningless colorful words that rob and demean hard working people. Your words and ides are only continuing to spread poverty.
@JosephNSanberg Jobs, families, Law and order instead of daily murders, a secure nation to wall off a flood of crime coming across the Southern border. Keeping criminals out. Keeping cheap labor out that drives wages down and poverty up. Ending Over taxation by Democrats all end poverty.
@JosephNSanberg Jobs is the movement to end poverty. Not reaching into other people’s pockets and giving their money away like it’s yours that you worked blood sweat and tears for. Who are you kidding with your phoney words words? No one!
@JosephNSanberg There are many who speak condescending words like yours in Hell. Google out of body experiences of the medically pronounced dead who’ve gone to hell and come back to warn us. 		“Yeah give the little man money away.” After all its no sweat off your back is it?
@JosephNSanberg All just nice talk from you about giving our working families money away when We The People are struggling to make with most barely making it but you with your big fancy talk just so acting so generously to give our money away but not yours. Selfish evil@man that you are.
@JosephNSanberg Good. Now go give all your money away to end poverty. 		We The People are already giving our all even after your friends have robbed us blind and put our beloved USA into near bankruptcy debt. 		We are paramedics, soldiers, doctors, policemen (dying every day@doing our part. U?
Who wants to be a billionaire? There is potential to transform economies in many ways. China’s middle class population is 300M. 		Xinjiang building facilities for recreational vehicle camping - https://t.co/NUwB8sOkjG https://t.co/DzHbwVyxCn
The real face of Socialism, not the poster girl Cortez for public consumption. Socialism = No freedom.		You become a servant of the state in mind, body and soul. Never in theUSA		Battering-ram attack on homeschoolers gets court OK - WND https://t.co/Mul1TkUKeg
The Democrats are the most disgusting thing that has ever happened to America.		PRESIDENT TRUMP Loves This Country And Just Showed It By Meeting Bother ... https://t.co/6Z9UpUhR6C via @YouTube
@realDonaldTrump @CNN @KUSINews For San Deigans it’s about a woman or man walking out of a high end shopping mall and getting car jacked, disappearing mysteriously never to be seen again.  San Diegans it’s real. They live with an undercurrent of fear. That’s not the American way. Set San Diego free
@realDonaldTrump @CNN @KUSINews For San Deigns it’s about a woman or man walking out of a high end shopping mall and getting car jacked, disappearing mysteriously never to be seen again.  San Diegans it’s real. They live with an undercurrent of fear. That’s not the American way. San Diego needs to be set free.
@realDonaldTrump @CNN @KUSINews In San Diego the border Wall is not a matter of politics. Not a matter of open borders philosophy. Not a mater of money....   It’s a mater of personal safety, of not waking up to see illegal gang members standing around your bed to rape and murder you. It’s real to them.
@realDonaldTrump @CNN @KUSINews Is Pelosi going to start dragging her Entourage around with her again on the Boeing C-32, a modified 757  luxury airliner?
@realDonaldTrump @CNN @KUSINews Illegal criminals arrive on their door steps immediately after crossing. If it weren’t for the crime wave they inflict on San Deigns they might not have cared whether illegals were their or not but they live with “Clear and present danger” which Nancy’s Wall’s protect her from.
@realDonaldTrump @CNN @KUSINews San Diego gets it. They feel the need for security and they know a Wall will do that for them.  Illegals there don’t disappear into vast waist lands empty spaces. Illegal criminals arrive on their door steps immediately after crossing.
@realDonaldTrump @CNN @KUSINews you’re in San Diego it would be great to see the KUSINews ladies interview you. At least they value the wall for their day to day existence. They need to be secure because there is no vast empty buffer for illegals to disappear in. They’re on their door step immediately
A POTUS is not obligated and has no Constitutional duty to reveal any conversation that he chooses to have with anyone. Even if he had secret conversations with Putin or anyone else that is completely within his prerogative. He doesn’t report to Mueller, WP or NYT.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 	“Reliable Sources”. When has the mainstream press Ever Not Lied to We The People?  Fake News. 		Fire Mueller for lying and leaking to deep state Carl Bernstein. This NYT, WP, MSM, CNN, FBI coup gang must be arrested. Mueller’s SC is not Constitutional.
Past precedents of what other Presidents who were mere puppets of the globalist did or didn’t do have no bearing on the office of the President, Chief Executive, Commander in Chief. Past Presidents allowed their powers to be frittered away. Precedent has no bearing on a POTUS.
Declassify. Fire Mueller for allowing leaks from his Special Council office to so called “Legendary journalist” Carl Bernstein who is deep state MSM and who helped frame POTUS Nixon.  The Mueller investigation is a hoax, a fraud and the tip of the Coup d’état.
It is within the Presidents prerogative to keep any conversation that he has with anyone confidential. Strobe Talbott CFR, Trilateral Commision, Bilderberg, who cares what he thinks or any Swamp creature thinks. Who cares about past POTUS precedence. That’s not Constitutional.
Trump as POTUS has every right to keep his conversations with Putin confidential as with any other. 		Trump has concealed details of his face-to-face encounters with Putin from senior officials in administration - The Washington Post https://t.co/HWyIFvJ5vP
Evil Mueller Draft Report Says Trump 'Helped Putin Destabilize the United States', Watergate Journalist Says https://t.co/cbAZxa1tnq
Conservatives have typically only barely floated above undercurrents of economic fears. All of these fears have resulted out of depressions, recessions, S&amp;L bank collapses, the financial crisis and so on. But have you noticed a change? POTUS is winning. The dollar will increase.
Nationalism and cooperation between nations is replacing the shadow Zionist banking cartel global government. Their system evil controls and robbery is coming to an end for now and for decades to come. 		U Either support POTUS economic polices sharing his $ confidence or u don’t
Confiscation of wealth from the global Banksters, the drug cartels, alone will eliminate government debts in the USA initially and then through modeling those successes onward to the world of those who seek it. POTUS Trump has put forth a new model. It’s called nationalism
No reset. The USA will honor all debt obligations. That’s to you, me and the world. But wealth will be repatriated into a booming economy which will once again provide capital to those emerging nations who want freedom from the Satanic shadow gov and all of their evils.
Gold bugs have a spirit of Fear that they cling to and always have. Rather then being part of supporting solutions they stay away from the task and retreat into the Woods out of sight from the world that needs to be saved from the globalist. Stop spreading fear. Find FAITH.
Conservatives are digging ditches in the back yard for their gold and getting ready to jump in after it. This is cowardly. It is a direct result of selfishness, a me first mentality of fear and it undermines POTUS Trump’s efforts to MAGA. Gold bugs sell fear. Shameful.
No currency reset. There is not enough gold globally to maintain sufficient liquidity to transact the current economic needs of the world much less for growth		A fiat currency is a system of good faith and trust. the value of that currency as a safe haven. $ trust worthy.
The financial merger of China in classic Wall Street terms is a doomed marriage. A merger between two weak entities does not suddenly combine to make a strong alliance. Russia has energy but as China manufacturing economy winds down their consumption is dropping.
The USA is never going to stop being a leader. Financially or otherwise. China will never be trusted by the rest of the world. They have No Track Record to establish that. China Inc manufacturing is outdated. The walking dead. Their currency is dying so is Russia’s.
China has never been a leader. To lead requires a following. Leading not pushing, showing with proof a better way for people to follow after on their own “Without Force”. 		Has China ever done this? Russia since the Bolsheviks coup take over of Christian Tsar Nicolas gov.
The US will Never pull back from being the leader of the world. But the US will never again exercise covert evil such as the formation of ISIS, economic blackmail and toppling foreign governments.		USA leading by example now. Not force.		https://t.co/UHdJ1hZjkW via @YouTube
@gaye_gallops @Robsdroid215 The guns and weapons were being run to Libya and throughout Africa by Obama and Hillary Clinton for one express purpose. The eradication of Christians in Africa. Libya was a beachhead. It was not just for the so called Arab Spring. It was for Islamic brotherhood &amp; African jihad.
We all make that final journey friends. You will make that journey and you get to choose your destination. God does not choose for you. Have you made your plans for eternity? It’s an easy choice. It’s a binary choice, light On or Light off?  Choose the light  through Jesus.
This is the life. You could have this too. Just call on Jesus. Go to him and Jesus will embrace you. 		The greatest comfort Shirley could have was hearing her four daughter singing to God		Shirley Boone, Pat's love for life, dies at 84 https://t.co/nM2OaG465A
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest It’s a great day in America for We The People now “Free at last free at last, thank God we are free at last.” We were all taken into globalist slavery. POTUS has set US free. Let’s all go to work and build this city on a hill, a beacon of freedom for all to see and join in.
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest MAGA has turned the corner. Victory at the border. The wall is to be the icing on the cake. The USA goes up from here climbing on top of the deep state rubble and the ruins of the Satanic shadow government.
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest Declassification has neutered the US deep state heads. They are doomed by their own captured  words &amp; video tapes.The shadow gov is scrambling to stem UK populism to no avail as nationalist sentiments are out of the box and growing like a tsunami, to big to contain. Roll tide
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest Canada is moving in the direction of France and German populism. Justin Trudeau will be thrown out of office. A MCGA is beginning to percolate. Globalist crack downs similar to UK PC internet crack downs are coming from the few globalist elitist running 🇨🇦 will backfire huge.
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest Having globalist Dems/RINO’s in Check mate at the border POTUS continues on many vital fronts to keep America rising to greatest heights ever. The economic potential without the East as trading partners is enormous as the development of Mex &amp; South awaits.
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest POTUS Trump has won the war against the globalist. The border was the key pivot point on which the future of We The People found ourselves precariously balanced upon. Globalist have lost their grip. All of their plans have backfired. Now POTUS lets them die on their bitter vine.
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest POTUS Trump has won the border war. Illegal criminal traffic has come to a stand still without the wall using the military. (Shame on Mattis for abandoning MAGA. Not smart.) POTUS can keep gov shut down until Democrats turn on Pelosi/Schumer demanding their chair resignations
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest Only way to win in this market is picking the winning side &amp;going long with at least 30% cash for bargains handed to you buy the globalist. If the globalist win market will crash, the USA with it. It will be Aleppo like in metro cities. Pick POTUS because we win.
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest CNBC reporting has shifted decidedly from neutral or slightly left to now a very hard left. Starkly obvious. Their narrative ignores fundamentals including easily recognized decouplings. Simple logic ignored with predictive market paths left unexamined &amp; out of view on CNBC.
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest One can see that most of the CNBC host can see what is really going on. They can’t help but see it because they are smart and logical but they dare not make a campaign of it though they can’t help but slip the questions in here and there to counter the globalist “Narrative”.
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest The shadow gov anti POTUS Trump market take down was being signaled roughly a year ago on earnings fears accelerating to Fed fears.  But it took globalist controlled Fed Powell to trigger the turn with an aggressive rate hike policy designed to truncate repatriated cap spending.
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest Whether one is hearing the BS or the common sense truth one can still sense where the Shadow gov are steering Wall St via their long established deep state arms. They send their messengers in to Squawk box. The market take down was being signaled nearly a year ago.
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest Mohamed Aly El-Erian is always interesting to listen to btw. He is globalist oriented but not deep state per say. He may avoid at times but does not abandon truth &amp; logic completely. He rightfully said, although belatedly, that market was talking itself into a bear correction.
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest You are right. They are about 98% lefties.  Joe puts up truth, logic and common sense and doesn’t let BS skate by freely. Joe has been under a lot of pressure from CNBC via leftist sponsors. He has had to tone down some but still comes out swinging when it gets to thick.
If the law of God given by Moses as the Ten Commandments is written on your hearts, wouldn’t it be wise to know them and follow them? Why would any spiritus life advisor say that the 10 Commsndments don’t apply? They do apply unto judgment but salvation is by the blood.
Huge consequences at play for violating the moral law for anyone. Adultery can result in deep hurts to ones self and others, divorce, broken families. Murder? Does this need explaining? Why would anyone calling themselves a pastor make light of the 10 Commandments? Unless...?
There are many consequences to be suffered by a believer who has chosen to believe and follow Jesus. Violating the moral law, both on earth in human suffering and in heaven with shame, regrets and missed rewards. There are huge consequences at play.
Why would anyone pretend to be smart and play with words. The law is on your hearts. Your hearts of flesh rebel against what is good.  Rebellion is sin. If you accept the blood of Jesus as your sin then Jesus has paid the price for your sin but the law is still in your heart.
10 Commandments, God gave to man, He also engraved it into every person's heart. As Paul says in Romans 2, “for when Gentiles (non-Jews) do the things in the law, these, although not having the law, are a law to themselves, who show the work of the law written in their hearts
God has written the law on every man’s heart. Because a heart that continuously rebels against gets hardened to his conscience God gave further loving guidance to give men a way back to righteousness and God by putting it in writing for the flesh to see Minds eye &amp; eyes of flesh
The moral law is encoded genetically on the hearts of man’s conscience. God wrote them before eyes of flesh. Man can see the standard of righteousness 	and feel them on his conscience. Evil is evil. If a believer does evil he will be judged. It will cost eternally yet he’s saved
Sitting in every church service are uncommitted people. Those that die without giving their lives to God will be judged by the Law of Moses. Foolish to play clever words implying license to sin/ do evil. Salvation is not of the mega pastor to give.
Blood of Jesus justifies those who accept it. Salvation is by the blood but Jesus will still judge actions of believers to glory or shame consistent with the law of Moses.		Mega-pastor to Christians: 10 Commandments don't apply https://t.co/a1PTPrtxtE
@jsolomonReports @StephanieRuff3 MSM is not just Fake News. MSM Networks are conspirators in sedition and treason against the US Constitution to overthrow the POTUS, bring in an invasion at the Southern border on the way to overthrowing the Constitution and the USA. And they’ve recorded all of their meetings.
RT @jsolomonReports: How news media omissions distort Russia probe narrative ... and shield Democrats https://t.co/FRNRpJ5WWv
@BigNoise58 @SteveGuest Nope, Joe does that every day on CNBC. He owns the Squawk box franchise and has a long term deal with CNBC in which he also owns special voting stock. It’s his show. He’s the boss.
@SteveGuest Hoyer is a paper tiger. A barking dog with no teeth on a chain		The President of The United States of America has Hoyer’s Marxist Democrats on the ropes. They have failed to overturn the will of We The People. Hoyer will end up in GITMO for his part in the coup d’état attempt.
@SteveGuest Great Job Joe talking on that swamp creature zombi Hoyer make pretend statesman. 		Hoyer falsely tries to paint POTUS Trump as a dictator forcing his singular will when 63,000,000 voters cast their votes sending their Electors who delivered the will of We The People.
@mitchellvii POTUS has the Dems over a barrel. The border is effectively closed to all criminal traffic, and so is the deep state government And there is nothing the Dems and RINO’s who don’t care about child trafficking or a beautiful young woman slain who was already a great police officer
@mitchellvii An offer of a partial wall is a partial offer of a surrender.  A very weak publicity attempt at trying to look like they’re willing to “Compromise “when they’re actually not.  A Very tiny barely visible white flag made out of Schumer’s underwear or is it Pelosi’s bra.
RT @Unite4Truth: Here comes the next #Caravan 	#POTUS will Stand Strong in this game of chicken that the Dems have created💥		You see, witho…
@Unite4Truth POTUS will defend Mexico against a UN invasion of Blue helmeted troops employing 100,000 Muslim jihadist. POTUS will not allow the UN to take over Mexico.  The UN will not be allowed to take a position against the USA despite desperate Merkal attempting virtue signaling.
@Unite4Truth Mexico wants to pay for the wall to end the crisis at the Northern border of Mexico as they fear the caravans my topple the Mexican Government in anarchy. 		The EU is urging the UN to send blue helmets to Mexico. Mexico refuses to allow it. Fear a UN takeover of Mexico.
@GovMikeHuckabee The Dems are stupid that’s why. And they have played right into POTUS Trump’s hands and they don’t even realize it. Ooops. Another blunder by the left		The Dems are a comedy of errors but it lands them in GITMO with the audience laughing as the fat lady sings the national anthem
@JVER1 @MikeLevinCA @realDonaldTrump Yep, leftist are Bolsheviks. Inciting violence is basically all they’ve got. No problem. POTUS is fully prepared to arrest that before they get out of their cars and into the streets. No problem now. 		It’s over. The resistance and obstruction of the US Constitution is over.
@ChuckCallesto See how that works? You commit a serious campaign violation and wham you get caught and fined.		If you didn’t violate campaign finance laws but rather follow the law as Donald Trump does no violation and no fine two years later.		More proof of Trump above board integrity.
RT @KayaJones: Prototype attachment for border wall. https://t.co/4CpSdNsFHL
@darhar981 @YoungCons To bad. They make a good Lobster Pasta With Yellow Tomatoes and Basil. Back to the Italian restaurant on the corner for that dish. Nicer atmosphere anyways.
How much was it insured for?  Are the bills all paid?
Worth about 1,945.22 Pound sterling melted down but would pay the rent for a month for the Bronx smelter.
@MilesMansMom @JohnnyC32704338 @markknoller @POTUS From a human sacrifice by any chance? Where’s the skull? Skull and bones?  Yeah lots of leftist engaging in murder as always they do.
RT @BSO: Tim Tebow Gets Engaged to Former Miss Universe Demi Leigh Nel-Peters; Details on Proposal (Engagement Photos) https://t.co/eOw2g7G…
@JohnnyC32704338 @markknoller @POTUS Government communist dreamers. No this is not Communist Cuba. We The People don’t put the good guys in prison as the deep state Mueller’s do. We put bad guys behind bars. Have u noticed anyone missing? Where is O and HRC Tweeting protests? Maybe you’ll see them in GITMO Che?
@brianklaas @cliogator POTUS Trump has US Constitutional Power to act unilaterally to protect and defend the United States of America Against Enemies Foreign and Domestic even if the enemy happens to be a bought off corrupt Congress and Senate and US Supreme Court combined. 		Watch and learn. Enjoy😂
@JohnnyC32704338 @markknoller @POTUS Che Quevara is getting fired and his pension revoked. Go get a real job and do something productive. The days of thugs in gov strangling We The People has come to an end.  The beauty of this is that Pelosi /Schumer are doing EXACTLY what POTUS Trump wants them to do. Stupid S&amp;P.
@JohnnyC32704338 @markknoller @POTUS 7 hero’s? It’s tome to dismantle the Federal Government.		Expect new rulings to come ending the abuse of the commerce clause. 		It’s a new day in the USA.
@markknoller @POTUS Why pay anyone on furlough if they are not at work? Where is that written in their government contract? If they’re working they get paid. If on vacation why should they.? They’re all deep state. They’re leftist socialist. Let them go out and get real jobs		Keep the gov shut down
90% of what the Federal gov does can actually get done better at a fraction of the cost by the States.  Let the deep state leftist stranglehold on the USA die. Most of the money going to Federal NEVER goes to what it is supposed to.		The power is going back to the States now.
It’s not business as usual in DC any more. Radical changes in motion. The leftist started it. We The People elected a POTUS to end it. End the deep state with its layers of deadbeat useless Frderal JD employees who have been DESTROYING the USA and desire our destruction.
Thee or four people mixed into a sidewalk scene with a caption of “800,000” in the headline as if they were all out there together protesting Pelosi And Schumer’s gov shut down. California has more then its fair share next to DC. 		Most are leftist deep state loyalist anyhow.
@AMike4761 A memorial on the wall to all the fallen who’ve died at the hands of globalist drug runners, human traffickers MS-13 gangs and terrorist, will be built. The question is should it be built now or upon competition? Hearing now.
@DarkArchery These are assassinations and the Satanist Jerry Brown and Pelosi / Schumer know it.
@DarkArchery @OneVoiceUS Oh no. Not another one. This wonderful person gone just so Pelosi and Schumer can@play politics by holding up a Wall that they promised to build. Natalie is another casualty of deep@state Jim Acosta, CNN, MSM, Dem &amp; RINO globalist War on America, taking hostages &amp;US casualties.
@Heritage The war on drugs is actually turned out to be a drug war on the USA. And it was all facilitated by the likes of G.H. Bush, William Clinton, G.W. Bush, HRC and Hussein Obama. 		POTUS Trump is the first to actually wage a war on drugs and it’s The Wall.
RT @SaraCarterDC: Think about this... https://t.co/R7WDrP6Cd4
@Lrihendry @EllenBurt18 @realDonaldTrump The Democrats are dug in. They’ve dug their own graves.
@charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump The beauty of the survey that showed 95% of Border Patrol agents surveyed who say Build The Wall is that the 5% who boldly registered their descent are now being investigated. Many are deep state. Others are owned by the Mexican drug cartel. Whoops. Pride goeth before the fall.
RT @charliekirk11: Fact: 95% of Border Patrol agents say WALLS WORK!		...So why in the hell would we listen to Chuck and Nancy when they sa…
@charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump Chuck and Nancy really looking like a pair of loosers. Two pair, jacks and threes.		POTUS holding An ace-high straight flush.😀
The globalist have the conservatives scared out of their minds. The globalist have you brainwashed. You are now doing their bidding for them. That’s how clever they are! They want POTUS Trump and the USA to fail. 		The wall is the key and POTUS Trump has won.
Hey Greg Hunter USA Watch Dog. So Globalist Alan Greenspan who is married to MSM globalist sycophant Andrea Mitchell says “Run for cover” because the dollar is going to go through a reset		And you believe this while ignoring who’s side he’s on. Do you realize ur on his side now?
Paying higher energy prices + loosing US defense money + paying high Tarriffs on autos &amp; PARTS to the USA will drain EU bureaucratic government VAT away from € to socialism. The USA under the globalist funded the rise of EU socialism &amp; China Communism. EU got jihadist for it.
Illegal, illicit Shadow gov of Satan, your power is gone. Your deep state global network, five eyes, China, NOKO has collapsed. You’re Done.  You blew it. Jesus Christ the right hand of God the Father who is All Wise, Omnipotent, has blocked you from power.
@bartmckinley The deep state people after Don are idiots. POTUS Trump will be proud. These deep state sycophants are just plain stupid. They are idiots. What they believe in which has taken them to heights they could never attain on their own, Is No More. The power is gone, hallelujah😀
@bartmckinley Go Don Go! You win👍😀
@bartmckinley This will result in Don Jr. really sharpening his wisdom. He will win on his own. This will make him a POTUS contender in the end as he emerges strong.  We need to be challenged to become stronger. 		Mueller will be hung at GITMO. His evil deeds will proved public knowledge.
RT @bartmckinley: Perhaps GOP should investigate Paul Pelosi and see how he made his millions (China?) since Nancy has been in House of Rep…
The End Is Near but it’s the End Of Deep State power over America. The 50 year doninationand ruination of the ISA Is Over. We only keep going up from here. Jesus is happy. You should be too.
Relax conservatives. Celebrate the victories that Trump by the hand of God has brought. Trump blessed Israel. We have turned the corner. The shadow gov has lost its grip. The deep state is in a runoff of influence and power. They are being tracked every which way but loose.
All the old shadow gov and deep state heads have aged out of relevance or died. The new ones like Adam Shizz will never be as capable as say G.H. Bush was. So even evil has been dumbed down along with the zombies from MSM downwards to millennials.
Declassification is the weapon that POTUS Trump already holds. He already has all the documents in his hands. He didn’t need his DOJ to do it. It’s his by the authority of the US Constitution to do whatever he pleases. Releasing triggers a Red Wave in Congress special elections
Impeachment plans are going nowhere. It’s just noise now. The House May pass one but it won’t matter because the Senate will never get its excuse from riots planned by Soros and Obama to trigger their Article 5 repeal of the US Constitution. POTUS has shadow gov check mate.
POTUS Trump is winning every single day and Pelosi and Schumer are loosing and looking weaker and weaker every day. 		POTUS has a workaround plan for the Wall that Pelosi &amp; Schumer or even globalist two face McConnell can not even defeat.
POTUS Trump is already winning on the border. ANTIFA and BLM planned riots and carnage are focused on metropolitan city centers for maximum MSM/CNN effect. Only problem is that POTUS has this covered with US troops and standing EO which has containment plan already in place.
Putin and Xi have mapped out a plan. China making its move to annex Taiwan and ASEAN with hopes of blackmailing the pacifist Japanese into their orbit as they believe and are selling fear based notions that POTUS can not  defeat the shadow gov and its DS. Yet Trump is winning.
So Putin has embarked on a currency war with China. It starts out nice but it can only have a short run. The Russian China agreement between Outin and Xi has mapped out a stratagem to rapidly annex the East. China is already pushing hard on Taiwan’s lesbian president.
Putin is starting to employ a currency war with China. It starts out nice just as the Euro was initially a boon to the German economy. But then again Germany had robust modern manufacturing and the € gave it tax free access to high income states verses China’s markets.
Putin has taken a page from the EU currency wars where Germany’s Nazi daughter of Hitler was able to take over through waging its currency wars. They sent money not tanks and infantry. First they took Greece, Spain surrendered. Italy has fallen to Germany.
Putin is bitting off more then he can chew all at once. So he has to take it in steps one careful step at a time. One misstep and his plan crashes. Putin is setting up neighboring China to be taken over. They share two common borders spanning 2600 miles.
The USA is dominating. Let Putin take Europe and eradicate the EU unelected homo pedophile bureaucrats who arrogantly from ivory towers are flooding the EU with  jihadist. Of course Europe will make Putin Broke as a transition to the Russian currency Rubel can not be transacted
US economy is set to accelerate its economic boom. We need nothing from the East. We certainly do not need their Opium any longer. Jobs and drug rehabilitation will replace that		Wise up. Trust God for a change. Have confidence in something. How many Trump wins to lift you up?
Foxconn May well end up in a reverse vulture cap deal where it must turn to US Financing in order to stay afloat. Foxcon May well become a US company by year end.		Wake up folks to the good news. Do not be distracted by the politics of Washington DC. Trump has them in Check.
China will soon be selling off assets. It already has. It’s selling US Treasuries. Next it will sell US based companies which are nearly all in tech and manufacturing. China has little to no retail business in the US which is booming.
China’s billionaires are more nervous then ever. They are loosing their cash flow. The Shanghai is set for a huge fall as currency outflows continue. And the PRC does not have the reserves to prop it up and will soon be going into debt to do so.
China has no choice but to sell its US T’s as its trade with the USA declines on a path to ZERO because we don’t need cheap labor.  Who will the rest of Asia really want to hold hands with? A declining China or a rising USA with a booming economy?  Take a guess. What would u do?
POTUS has already locked down the border. The politics of the leftist. Bolsheviks is failing on all fronts. The Fed has had to back off on rate hikes. Another Trump win. The US is booming with no CPI inflation in sight, not even housing which was always the main Inflation driver
The shadow gov has lost its grip. Their open border policy despite Pelosi and Schumer has failed completely. Every day that the border is shut down is another Victory for POTUS and a huge loss for shadow gov Rothschild’s Obama/Soros deep state. Don’t worry.
Gary Cohen is an idiot. A coward. Anyone could succeed when the deep state arms of Wall St. we’re stacking the deck at Goldman Sachs with a GS Paulson then Geithner rigging the US Treasury and the Fed. Any one if average intelligence can succeed with that. Big deal.
The deep state is stacked with loosers who couldn’t make it on their own. They got positions by inheritance and family connections.  They are lazy, stupid and outnumbered. Look at how Russia Collusion has backfired on the top geniuses at the FBI? 		POTUS Trump wins BIG league.
Buying in to Self serving fear will only loose you money. Paying commissions going in at high prices and then paying commissions selling out at lower prices will knock off half of your wealth invested in gold and silver. 		Those selling fear win you mom and pop loose. Sad.
Stop listening to armatures who know nothing except how to sell you gold and silver which wouldn’t buy a thing in a global crash because all just in time supply chains (JIT) which operate on $ credit would stop immediately. 		Stop the fear. Do you trust God? Are you sure?
The USA is still the largest economy twice no two China.  The US has the largest consumer economy in the world X 10 over China.  Every nation selling goods into the US must maintain a dollar portfolio in order to transact trade.  Leaving the $ means no sales to the USA.
The EU can increase their reliance on Russian energy but in doing so by cutting out the US energy competition they will be paying higher prices both in currency and politically. EU emotional tirade over Trump will result in Putin taking over the EU eliminating jihadist. Good.
US is now the biggest energy producer including oil which is expanding production rapidly even more.  Oil is still being traded in dollars. Europe can go to Russia for oil &amp; accept strings attached.  This is probably what the emotional EU will do to spite the USA. Good.
Together Russia and China are taking a very bad bet. POTUS Trump will overthrow the shadow gov and the deep state with it, this year.
China and Russia are selling US Treasuries. China has been doing those for several years and it didn’t even move the needle on interest rates. The needle only moved when the globalist Rothschild Fed went to war against Trump. I can mark that on true charts.
Russia is setting up to take over China. Why? Answer: Because they see China weakness like never before. China Inc. has lost its global market. Their major contracts are in a run off.  Putin is wise but can not outthink God who backs POTUS Trump, not him. Same with Xi. Watch.
No other currency in the world has out lasted King Dollar. And no other currency in the world has avoided insolvency and reset. Only the Dollar has weathered world wars, depressions and recessions. And U don’t think people pushing money don’t know that? LOL! Okay They’ll be back
These guys just do not understand money, what it is, how it works. You see, it’s all about risk verses rewards. People want assurances. Assurances that Russia and China will never be able to leave people comfortable with.		This is fundamental. It’s called FEAR.
@USAWatchdog 		Russia selling US Treasuries to buy China Renmbi, No big deal.  		So the world which does not trust China or Russia is going to abandon the $?		Would you trust China or Russia with your money? Really? They’ll be back		https://t.co/sK0bLOUEe6
RT @madriannorman: THREAD:		$5 billion is too much for a wall? 		Check out this list of wasteful spending totaling $449 BILLION (spoiler al…
RT @annettesn011: CIVIL WAR IS COMING: Germany now joins France as citizens from both countries flood the streets in rage against Islamic i…
@MarkYoungTruth Sanctuary for criminals. Not a humanitarian gesture but a humanitarian crisis.
@LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump Six GOP Senators only thinking about politics and appeasing corporate donors. Short sighted attempt at policy making that would only continue to drive down the standard of living for working Americans.		No amnesty. It is a bad precedent that Reagan got talked into when no MS-13
RT @realDonaldTrump: When I took the Oath of Office.... https://t.co/GDhIqteKpv
@DonaldJTrumpJr Acosta is not exactly speaking from the mind of a self made billionaire. So while the concept of a wall is a relatively simple thing Acosta just can’t wrap his mind around it.  It’s to big for his mind.
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: I know this might be hard for you to comprehend Jimbo, but the reason why all of Twitter has been mocking you today is…
@Tweets4DJT Jim Acosta an MK Ultra who’s mind was taken hostage as a child serves his Satanic Nazi Globalist masters.  Pray for him to be free.		The globalist are doing everything possible from domestic to foreign obstructions to eliminate “Domestic Tranquility and national defense”
@Tweets4DJT Jim Acosta says it’s tranquil where there is a barrier. And that is just what the leftist globalist do not want, “Domestic Tranquility”or a USA		The very words in the preamble to the US Constitution call to “..insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense,”
T R U T H  . https://t.co/os2mA6y1WE via @YouTube
RT @CIG_KingJames: Italy and Poland discuss UNITING to lead a 'European spring' to replace the 'French-German axis'  https://t.co/PVNZOSTNqs
The weaker a nation is the stronger their talk, threats, propaganda. 		China has enormous potential but can not let go of totalitarian power.  Putin will use this to his advantage.		Only POTUS Trump has the answer for China to rise now. Trump will break the deep state.
Putin will force a treaty onto China just as Hitler did with Poland prior to invading Poland. The difference being accomplished with military technology and if necessary a demonstration of military superiority. China by nature yields to power in the end. Whether Opium or $
Putin’s focus is now on China while the world for political reasons is locked in tunnel vision focus on Syria. While the US globalist like Gary Cohen and the RINO/Dem Congress play political football with Syria, Putin is poised to take over control of China.
Putin’s plan is to force China into a treaty by nuclear blackmail using hypersonic stealth cruise middles armwd with neutron bombs. Taking out one city of 20 million people yet leaving infrastructure in tact. Then Putin will yank the legs out of EU oil energy via the Middle East
With the globalist attacking the USA Outin sees China which is falling into Exonomic ruin with no plan A or plan B for escape, as ripe for a forced takeover via nuclear blackmail. The Middle East and Syria for the time being are an opportune distraction.  China first then the EU
China weakness against the superior Russian military now posses the biggest threat to China and Xi knows this all to well. The USA no longer stands in the way so long as China does not quickly begins full mutual cooperation with POTUS Trump. China is nearing no return.
The world and in particular the US globalist press obsesses over Syria (A virtual waistline) and the Middle East. This is Putin’s purposed distraction. The Sino-Russian border 4,209.3 kilometres (2,615.5 mi from Vladivostok, Primorsky Krai, Russia is ripe for Russian takeover.
China is collapsing and their Renminbi can not prop them up. China does not have the military to wage and win a war against the USA and they know it.  They only have propaganda left. No money, no real military and Putin’s Russia wants to own China first then the world.
China is in US Dollar withdrawal and is in a desperate panic. Their Renmbi is falling rapidly. It no longer can pay for Airbus aircraft or Boeing’s. China airlines are failing. Hainan Group is defaulting across the board and PRC doesn’t have the money to rescue them.
China loved US when US deep state Wall St was pumping $ into China for decades to build them to no 2 economy status.		The British Illuminate globalist pumped opium into China 1839 – 1860. It was the Opium Wars. They didn’t have money to pump so they pumped Opium.
The purpose of the 19th Century British Illuminate Opium Wars was to defeat and take over China. The globalist shadow gov has used US Dollars to take over China and now for the final defeat has cut off the $ to China. China like an Opium addict is furious over being cut off.
Money doesn’t buy you love or peace between man and woman. Not even $67 Billions.		Only Jesus Christ can bring us together with passion for wholesome good. 		Amazon's Jeff Bezos has no prenup, $67B on the line: report | Fox News https://t.co/davMYGfunC
@PoliticalShort Shame on Gary Cohen for saying “I am a globalist” in counter to POTUS saying I am a nationalist. There is no open globalist model, only a shadow gov which has caused on going wars since the Nazi scientist took over America. Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria.
@PoliticalShort The World can be in no better hands then POTUS Trump who has ultimately been relegated by the globalist by forcing the USA and the US Constitution into a corner at the edge of the skyscraper. 		POTUS will make the unexpected, unanticipated moves and there are plenty available.
@PoliticalShort Make no mistake, what POTUS is now on a path to do is being FORCED BY globalist through their Traitorous Congress &amp; SCOTUS &amp; at the highest stakes  ever played in the World but Donald Trump did own a Casino. He has the stomach for high stakes, high buildings&amp; a world on the line
@PoliticalShort In the mean time military tribunals are taking the heads of the hydra off at GITMO. Vast numbers of pedophiles stacked by the globalist Bushes, Clinton’s, Obama are being removed from the Fed government. 		The POTUS has many tools to overcome a traitorous Congress and SCOTUS.
@PoliticalShort That time gap will leave POTUS with the time he needs to make the case through EBS &amp; EANS with a full release of the Anthony Weinner lap top videos showing HRC and Uma rapping and torturing young girls, and total Declassification both of which are coming.
@PoliticalShort The Senate can be held off from joining in with the Congress in a vote to impeach by fillabuster. A National gov shutdown and an EO shutting down all DC area airports. 		POTUS will have limited time to hold off the globalist Congress and SCOTUS.
@PoliticalShort So the question becomes does the US Constitution accord enough power to the President to over come the other two branches of government within the constraints of the check and balance design of US gov. 		Answer: Short term yes, long term no.
@PoliticalShort The US Supreme Court as it is presently constitutes can not be counted on to uphold a POTUS declaration of a national emergency. Congress is about to vote for impeachment. The globalist plan to trigger one or many crisis they are brewing up to blame POTUS Trump. Syria, BLM etc
RT @PoliticalShort: Trump Can #BuildTheWall—and Should! https://t.co/RKRCu24t0g
RT @veteranhank: @realDonaldTrump We have the most polite president, folks!
RT @KayaJones: Thank you @IrishCathNews https://t.co/vhL0Xy0vqa
@Donna10321621 @AppSame @realDonaldTrump Go low profile gays. Stay friendly. Do not agitate US. Do not be a part of, nor support LGBT radicals. Keep your passion to yourselves or the jihadist will consume you. The USA has tolerated U and kept U safe. The jihadist will torture U cutting ur genitals off. Paris night club
@Donna10321621 @AppSame @realDonaldTrump The USA has always been a safe haven for Gay people. The Mueller, Nazi’s and Brennan Islamic Jihadist who just as in 1938 are allied in an Islamic jihadist evil axis with the globalist will turn on the LGBT. The jihadist will extinguish LGBT. Remember Orlando. Wake up gays.
@Donna10321621 @AppSame @realDonaldTrump Lesbians are not persecuted in the USA. The Mueller Nazi’s &amp; Comey moralist globalist who seek to conquer the world will do what they did in Germany in 1938. LGBT who’ve been tolerated have themselves not returned the favor. Now they wage war on those who tolerated them.
@Donna10321621 @AppSame @realDonaldTrump “Made up emergency” indeed. More like contrived emergency by the Democrat Bolsheviks who scream Open borders to collapse the US into anarchy for an end to the USA making US globalist slaves		Jesus hears billions of prayers rising up from the USA and around the world against.
@AppSame @realDonaldTrump The leftist Marxist hate definitions. This is why they co-opt meanings or in other words attach opposite meanings to words. Saul Alinsky teaches the Satanic pedophile zombie leaders to employ this and every other lie in order to redefine the world into their slave state.
@realDonaldTrump Pelosi and Schumer are not resisting. They attempting to force the USA to accept globalist edicts which would in effect by design override US sovereignty and further would collapse the USA. 		This is far more then mere obstruction. It is Destruction by de-construction.
@realDonaldTrump Chuck and Nancy are attempting to force globalist agendas on to We The People who do not want open borders and at any cost or death toll to US.  		No other country allows this other then the globalist EU gov which is allowing its people to be tortured and massacred
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy, a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quick…
@Maggieb1B @wvufanagent99a @POTUS @VFL2013 @lilibellmia @catherinekirby @trevor_aselton @JohnnyB371 @shanehardy58 @WolfensPride @IWasHrren @engyn243 @Airbornex82nd Some say a big dollar reset is coming. No but a big government reset is coming and the Pelosi Schumer led Bolsheviks are handing it to POTUS Trump on a silver platter. Trump is delivering a solid economy that was stolen away by the globalist. Skilled labor will command high $$$
@Maggieb1B @wvufanagent99a @POTUS @VFL2013 @lilibellmia @catherinekirby @trevor_aselton @JohnnyB371 @shanehardy58 @WolfensPride @IWasHrren @engyn243 @Airbornex82nd Pushing everything back to the states will bring visibility and accountability back into focus. The Federal gov has its place in National defense and other areas but not in education, or social controls. That’s for the states and a clean US Supreme Court “Interpreting” the USC.
@Maggieb1B @wvufanagent99a @POTUS @VFL2013 @lilibellmia @catherinekirby @trevor_aselton @JohnnyB371 @shanehardy58 @WolfensPride @IWasHrren @engyn243 @Airbornex82nd The enormous bloat of the Federal gov has made a forest for the money trees to hide in making it nearly impossible to know how the tax payers $ is being spent. Illicit Black ops, espionage, domestic surveillance through FB, Google, YouTube, Twitter ET al.
@Maggieb1B @wvufanagent99a @POTUS @VFL2013 @lilibellmia @catherinekirby @trevor_aselton @JohnnyB371 @shanehardy58 @WolfensPride @IWasHrren @engyn243 @Airbornex82nd The Democrats are helping US to destroy the over arching powers of the Federal gov which has become pretty much all deep state controlled anyhow. Good people in the Federal gov have been taken hostage by the deep state long before the shutdown. 401K’s are portable.
@Maggieb1B @wvufanagent99a @POTUS @VFL2013 @lilibellmia @catherinekirby @trevor_aselton @JohnnyB371 @shanehardy58 @WolfensPride @IWasHrren @engyn243 @Airbornex82nd Government people who are truly talented as most are will be able to find work that compensates them as good or better then the government.  Both in the private sector and in state government as we transition out of Federal power and back to states gov’s along the way.
RT @Maggieb1B: .So proud of our @POTUS 	Thank you, Sir, for standing firm and not allowing these games to waste your time and ours. We supp…
RT @consmover: 👉We voted for the wall		👉We want the wall		👉And most importantly, we NEED the wall!		🚨The border security circus continues.…
So is war the only thing that could shake Americans to the core? Or would that only bring fear to late and to sudden for people to fall on their knees? If child sacrifice videos of pedophile rape and murder were to be shown by POTUS Trump through the EBS would that shake US up?
Evil rising out off the depths of the earth as never seen before in the USA. Pedophilia, child sex trafficking and child sacrifice. Perhaps this is about to be exposed to shake Americans whether leftist Dems or believers to the core? Could this be the approaching turning to God?
Many many are in agreement with Bill Koenig sharing the concern that the spiritual war between good and evil is more intense then ever seen before because there is so much evil including the radicals LGBT political agenda.  Perhaps this is the final awakening?
A good Hope is that Jesus will be lifted up in glory as he presents a huge number of redeemed by his blood and work unto to the Father. But if we soon go straight to Ezekiel 38 will that leave enough time for the fullness of the wave offering to be brought before the Father?
It does seem like Psalm 83 will proceed Ezekiel 38 as they seem positioned like two book ends facing each other.  Perhaps the end of Grace will see a huge outpouring of Grace and the Holy Spirit yielding a huge net of fish to pull into the boat, heaven’s rapture?
@ProphECWatchers 		Doesn’t the war of Psalm 83 proceed Ezekiel 38?  If so it’s not yet time for the “Chief Prince of Meshech and Tubal” to wage war.  Maybe time for Psalm 83, the neighboring nations, not the world?		Bill Koenig: A Prophetic Eye on 2019 https://t.co/aBf3qNUy1l
@NextNewsNet 		Yes the leftist communist House &amp; MSM hates Trump but let’s not forget the reason why and let’s always remind people of the reason. It is because Trump is destroying the globalist shadow gov &amp; deep state tentacles.		https://t.co/i2TWiLEKhv
RT @TonyDertouzos: The top 1% is really getting nervous now...Tech C.E.O.s Held a Secret Meeting to #SmashTrump https://t.co/kOB00qnu0v #Ne…
@thenextnews 		Yes the leftist communist House &amp; MSM hates Trump but let’s not forget the reason why and let’s not leave that out of the story. It’s because Trump is destroying the globalist shadow gov &amp; deep state tentacles		https://t.co/i2TWiLEKhv
Yes the leftist communist House &amp; MSM hates Trump but let’s not forget the reason why and let’s not leave that out of the story. It’s because Trump is destroying the globalist shadow gov &amp; deep state tentacles		Trump Declares SECRET WEAPONS For the wall https://t.co/i2TWiLEKhv
Putin and Xi assess that the US Supreme Court will fail POTUS Trump.
Putin who likes POTUS Trump like no other American he has ever met, believes that Trump is proceeding on thin air, unsupported by the zombie state of Americans who are under the spell of Hollywood’s Zionist pedophiles, the MSM pedophiles and the deep state courts.
China is now moving towards aggression on the belief that POTUS Trump is cornered. They believe that if POTUS Trump declares a national state of emergency that the deep state Congress will quickly pass impeachment in the House with globalist Senate cowards following suit.
Warning: Do Not Go To China! Dick Morris TV: Lunch ALERT! https://t.co/0b6P4ajeQk 		Putin and Xi think that POTUS can not over power the shadow gov and deep state gov and MSM. This is what their chatter is telling them so they are moving to aggression. 		They’re wrong.
Trump’s fight is powered by God for victory. Putin’s is powered by his own will of the flesh. While the will of the flesh can be for good purposes, it will fail without the blessings of God upon it according to the will of God. Jesus said “You can do nothing without me.”
Putin fighting the Illuminate Zionist shadow gov&amp; it’s deep state tentacles. They are entrenched in the US gov. (Satanic Zionist not the Hebrews, the Jewish People.). Putin says if Trump can’t be will.		Bill Koenig: A Prophetic Eye on 2019 https://t.co/aBf3qNUy1l via @YouTube
@DonnaWR8 Schumer and Pelosi are attempting to forcing the will of the globalist and their pedophile  1% on We The People even though the vast majority reject it.		The only ones allied with them are Islamic jihadist, BLM, ANTIFA, MS-13, cop killers, illegals, communist &amp; criminals.
RT @towerpalms: @christianllamar @gaye_gallops And here the proof from @SenSchumer &amp; @DNC leadership...	 https://t.co/TcmhJXQlDk
@RodStryker @POTUS Can she sing?
@RodStryker @POTUS If she keeps that up the fat lady could look like the pretty one on the right.
@dbongino @towerpalms Jim Acosta is guilty of sedition, treason for his on going participation in the Coup.
RT @dbongino: Hapless liberal activist Jim Acosta get absolutely wrecked by Kellyanne Conway in this clip. This is worth a few moments of y…
RT @RealSaavedra: CNN’s Jim Acosta: “Kellyanne, can you promise the president will tell the truth tonight?”		Conway: “Yes, Jim. Do you prom…
@NBCNews How many terrorist weren’t on the terrorist list?  Answer: Many.
@freedom_moates Joy Behar is involved in treason. She has had knowledge of the coup against the POTUS and ongoing media participation via the MSM nightly discussion and narrative planning conference calls between editors, anchors, WH press core, CEO’s etc, orchestrating MSM’s critical role.
RT @CNBC: "The first time some 28-year-old nurse throws her kid off a roof, it's going to be the end of Tilray." Can marijuana be linked to…
@JDugudichi Globalism.
@trustrestored Government stays closed indefinitely. Their mostly all deep state anyhow.
@trustrestored In other words the Democrats are peeing in the drinking water.		Hence the Congress which refuses to do its job to prevent an on going national crisis leaves it to the POTUS. So be it, the Wall gets built in declaration of Marshal Law and POTUS does not sign their bill.
RT @TheDudeisold: @ouchinagirl @CliffShep @NancyPelosi https://t.co/XEBBuDVhMy
RT @jbd10611: @ouchinagirl @babysgramma @NancyPelosi And due to the FACT there was no consequences to anyone for what the IRS did,  this Fa…
@ouchinagirl @kutney32 immoral Nancy Pelosi.  Dirty Nancy Pelosi.
@OnBothFeet @2018MAGAMidTrmT They thank Satan when child sacrifice is a know practice. The mention of Satan with all of its associations doesn’t even phase them.  Nor will it phase anyone to see pedophile Satanist hang.
@Lori_B_777 @harjo111 Standard operating procedure for the left, FBI &amp; rogue intel is to label opposition who is a threat to the globalist, as sex offenders or pedophiles. Many have been controlled with these sorts of false accusation. Assange and now Rudy Giuliani.  It’s a Bolshevik Alinsky tactic
@HillaryClinton BTW HRC clone, nothing is automatic in life except auto billing renewal, rigged voting machines and the highest penalty for treason as you know.
@HillaryClinton Give it up Hillary’ Aide. HRC is in a GITMO state of mind.
TRUMP JUST RED-PILLED AMERICA ON CHILD TRAFFICKING.... HIGH LEVEL ARREST... https://t.co/PnvMThYzcG via @YouTube
Found Notebook Key Evidence In Military Tribunals https://t.co/5W6LVzrQDD via @YouTube
@CB618444 Never forgive domestic terrorism which as We The People all know is what 911 and Mueller are all about. The Saudis were just a cover for the terror that took Americans privacy away and which led US into another war to feed the globalist via military industrial complex
RT @CB618444: Sorry not sorry 😂		I gotta get me a brick 🧱 dress 👗🤷‍♀️ https://t.co/e8kves3tVN
RT @Maggieb1B: . #FISACourtHacked	ENOUGH! Let’s get down to some real business here! Between the Fake Dossier, Wiretaps, Leaks, Lies, Polit…
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 		Mexico can become a US Teritory but without the leftist Democrat stranglehold that Dem corruption has on Puerto Rico.		Unlike Puerto Rico today, the citizens of Mexico are conservative Catholics isolated from the Socialist Marxist Dems.
Information that Kevin Shipp gave you about operation Phoenix if true puts you at risk as well.  U need to make sure every other conservative outlet has this information in order to spread the risk to you and Kevin out, thus defuse risk of only a few going public.
@DavMicRot 282+243+10 independents=535 Senators and Congressmen combined		This leftist double standard belies the drive to eliminate the First Amendment The Marxist Bolsheviks Democrat party wants to have their hate speech but muzzle conservatives free speech.		DNC=hate/violence
RT @RedPillBlackMan: If you are a member of Muslim brotherhood and are serving in Congress, you are not representing American people but a…
The Fed has other tools to fight POTUS Trump but the US Constitution provided the POTUS with the ultimate Powers at his disposal to reign in the Fed and they know it. This has been transmitted to Powell clearly by POTUS Trump. Trump has the ability to drop Gasoline to 50 cents
Globalist control the Fed, Congress and the Federal courts.		But POTUS controls the US Treasury. This is his check mate on the Federal reserve. POTUS also has the ability to boost the economy through elimination of tax &amp; energy strangle holds that were tipping power to the Fed
The President is the most powerful of the three equal branches due to his unique executive powers which are are executed with immediate and without 435 House and 100 Senate votes in divided houses between upper and lower. 		POTUS has power”s”  over the Fed.
Tax revenues will increase dramatically over this year.
Expect gasoline price to drop to $1 per gallon at the pump this year beginning no later then this Summer as the vacation travel season gears up adding a flood of consumer spending and a flood of cash and wealth to We The People.
Expect further expansion of oil exploration off the East Coast Continental Shelf where Vast oils deposits stretch from the Canadian Maritimes South through the Bahamas to Venezuela with much of that oil writhing US Territory.  This was banned by an activist judge 1986/7
Don’t be mislead by knee jerk conclusions that a default on US Treasury obligation is a haircut to foreign sovereigns and domestically held Treasuries is the way to go. It is not. It is an irresponsible conclusion. The national debt can and will be turned to surpluses by POTUS
The USA has fallen into a bankruptcy state of mind which has become routine. It is a part of vulture cap mantras which promote “Creative destruction” as a justification for seizing and realigning wealth into the pockets of the few elite through vulture caps such as MIT Romney
No US Dollar is possible. But this is exactly what globalist, sadly, through conservative media are spreading. Peter Schiff a favorite among conservatives and Marc Faber a favorite among NEOCONS, RINO’s and Fed Hawks who is seen from time to time on CNBC are poisoning the well
A collapse of the Good Faith and Trust of the global dollar, hence the USA would forever remove the USA as a leader that the world can look to. The USA has been a super power since WW I. This was cemented by WW II and the Marshal plan spreading trust and Good Faith globally.
Conservatives have been manipulated by pseudo conservative Nazi Marc Faber and globalist pseudo conservative Peter Schiff into creating the fear of a global economic collapse for decades.   A collapse of King Dollar would collapse the Good Faith &amp; Trust of the world in the USA.
A strong Great ISA producing massive wealth through energy &amp;manufacturing with follow on Housing will result in consumer spending ramping up as never seen before, the greatest in history.  The good faith &amp; trust in the Dollar is paramount ie why globalist seek destruction of it
Private debt burden can be reduced significantly by making liquidity for cap spending through tax law changes. POTUS trade agreements acting as massive economic stimulus thus raising tax revenues on volume with a massive increase in actual tax payer contributing at lower rates
There are many ways to eliminate the US Government debt and of turning the national gov deficit into a national surplus.  POTUS Trump is well ahead and we’ll along in this process. Securing the Nation’s Borders thus preventing the globalist collapse of the USA is paramount.
A global reserve dollar reset would collapse the global economy immediately resulting in global nuclear conflicts. Therefore the global banking system which rests upon the Global Reserve Dollar must be reconstructed slowly. In the mean time the key is taking control of the Fed.
For the time being the US and the world which trades on the US Dollar is stuck in John Maynard Keynes practical application of a global currency established at the Bretton Woods Conference July 1944 establishing what became the post WW II Global Reserve Dollar.
A reset of the dollar is contrived of foolish imaginations appealing to gold salesman. Their tunnel vision is stuck on Ludwig von Mises Austrian School of Economics theorem.  This model never considered a global currency, rather only looks at collection of currencies
A reset of the US global reserve dollar currency in which all oil is traded and which supports all drawing rights which trading nations must have to transact would result in an immediate global financial collapse. There is no other global reserve currency in place.
The US Dollar is the global reserve currency even as the Renminbi is in an irretrievable dive towards collapse. 		President Trump’s Administration is Advancing a Free and Open Indo-Pacific Through Investments and Partnerships in Economics, Security, and Governance as a backstop.
There will be no $ reset as this would cause the entire global financial system to tumble into irreparable damage from which there can be no recovery. India’s economy nearly collapsed in 2017 under their monetization program which was in effect a globalist reset experiment
Cortez has been positioned in Congress to deliver the “Impashioned” speech televised by CNN/MSM which is to impassion millennials to call for the end of American racism they falsely insinuate as being embedded in the IS Constitution. This is to trigger University riots&amp; carnage
Islamic Jihadist trained &amp; experienced in terrorist slaughter of Christians, are coming up through South &amp;Central America imbedded in caravans as well as through tunnels to infiltrate BLM/ANTIFA events unleashing carnage, massive bloodshed to be shown by MSM as trigger Article 5
Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was inserted into Congress by the globalist for one purpose..To deliver an impassioned speech during an Article 5 US Constitutional Convention of Congress to repeal and replace the USC on the heals of nationwide BLM/ANTIFA jihadist carnage.
Confiscation of globalist wealth channels from Mexican drug cartels through the banks such as JP Morgan Chase will be placed into Mexica / USA trust for Mexico and the wall. Disbursement to build Mexico via a MEX co-op controlled by Mexican states under US Trustee.
@USAWatchdog 		Confiscation of Globalist wealth stolen will eliminate the national debt. School loan bonds,99% held by Globalist will take 90% haircut.		NO DOLLAR RESET.		Kevin Shipp - Value of Dollar to Plummet in Coming Reset https://t.co/F1J6MYV0rp via @YouTube
RT @realDonaldTrump: Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We ha…
@realDonaldTrump Soul mates at the core really.
@realDonaldTrump And we see a man with no Grudges. This speaks of a good heart in POTUS Trump and with Kanye West.
@realDonaldTrump WP Bezos is a reported slave master who places cruel burdens on his employees, whereas Donald Trump is well known as a great Boss to work for because he rewards people and treats people well.  And you built with your money. Bezos used tax payer black ops money.
@realDonaldTrump Jeff Bezos is a modern day slave master as are the Universities partnering with school loans to make indentured servant slaves out of indoctrinated young men and women graduating under Marxist ideologies which have enslaved whole nations now for over 100 years.
@realDonaldTrump We hear every word you speak every time and we look for the next thing you say as you guid US out of global communist destruction into being Freer then ever.  We The People can not only handle the Truth, We Love hearing the truth and We embrace it.
@TheOfficerTatum The Dems are discussing whether or not they should start labeling POTUS Trump as a white slave owner like Washington and Jefferson. 		They live in bubbles of selective ignorance. This is why God has shown us that following self and ones heart alone leads to disaster.
@RedLocque @realDonaldTrump What your asking for to deaf ears is for all hard working people to turn over what they’ve earned for their families to dead beats. 		Ur talking communism in the simplest terms. Stay out. We’re building a beautiful wall for you to stare at.		Tweeting from Venezuela? Wow.
@realDonaldTrump No border no country. That’s what the Democrats want now because that’s what the globalist cabal has told them thy want.   No wall no nation.  		The Democrat party has become the party of sedition and Treason.
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Former @NYTimes editor Jill Abramson rips paper's ‘unmistakably anti-Trump’ bias.”		Ms. Abramson is 100% correct. Hor…
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/iSFAokoIP7
Before the Dems steal the votes the Democrat propaganda arm goes into action promoting the lie that blacks and Hispanics are solidly Blue. This then allows them to pump massive voter Blue Fraud. Thus resulting Blue victories appear as a foregone conclusion.
Voter fraud will be exposed and minority Americans will have their vote restored. President Donald Trump Won BOTH the electoral collage votes and the popular vote by an overwhelming margin. Military Tribunals have started and so have executions. Enjoy!
Hispanic immigrants and native born who cast legal votes in the 2018 elections voted overwhelmingly Red but the DNC dirty tricks voter fraud flooded the polls with Blue to steal the Legal Americans of Hispanic heritage votes away. Dems silence minority’s.
Nation wide blacks who cast  legal votes tend to be church going family blacks and they voted overwhelmingly Republican. The areas where Dem’s narratives claim to have the votes are where the Dems coordinated Fraud is mostly concentrated. MSM propagates the lie as cover.
Most black and Hispanic voters voted overwhelmingly Republican. Illegal votes were cast in those districts playing into the MSM fake news narratives  of Blacks and Hispanics voting Blue		Mark Harris lawsuit, interview. https://t.co/JWkCVQUF2L
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 		God Save President Donald Trump!  May God Bless America Again.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Everyone will believe the moral majority when the Democrats evil and treason is exposed. God save POTUS Donald Trump.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey One of the highest levels of pornography is in the public schools.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Feminist women murder their unborn children while feminist cheer on. Federal funding is about to stop. Not enough folks in states will vote their money to support it. MAGA is undoing all the evils of the Dems including massive school debt from Inflated University Bills.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey If you have seen Donald Trump using women in a vulgar way then you should testify to that. If your husband has abused you then you should file charges. Women eaten up by the feminist destruction of femininity have become man haters. And children haters too.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey @AlanDersh 		My friend Harvard Professor and Trial Lawyer expert Alan Dershowitz is opposing the positions you state.  Enjoy!
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey So you believe an FBI/CIA MI6 soy whinthe FBI has to fire? And whose testified that there was no truth to the dossier? There are women and weak men who feed their delusions daily just as there are those read and believe the tabloids.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Jail cells are full of those who’ve broken the law in serious ways. But Donald Trump is not in jail and has not been impeached.
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey HRC ran an open server as an auction house to every sovereign nation and terrorist group in the world for political favors like approving illicit arms sales to ISIS. Frankly lady the things you are peddling or idiotic. U think that is okay with Americans? Amazing
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey LOL, Hillary took $140,000,000 in bribes from the sale of 25% of the Uranium needed to keep America secure. She gave assurance that another 25% would be sold to Russia as well. Why wouldn’t Russia take that deal? Warlock Mueller delivered the samples. Fact. HRC Treason.
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Welfare checks end 31 Jan. Finely the honest working people who pay for this nation to run will be getting worthless deep state government people off their backs and out of their pockets along with every other Dem give away robber and thief off their backs.
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Food stamps end after 31 Jan.
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Mueller father was a Nazi. Guess what? The apple didn’t fall to far from the tree. If you love watching Nazi’s hang then your in for a big treat.  Food stamp scammers and SS scammers are going to go to prison too.
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey There are world famous paintings of nude women considered to be works of art. Try visiting some famous art museums. Word of caution. Loud people get escorted out.		Dems are welcome to enjoy their Porn museum and CNN and MSM will cover with approval.
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey You support and respect a porn star and a stripper who dances nude in a bar that the mail bomber worked at when she was there only months before he carried out his mail terrorist acts?  Selective accusations. Most approve of semi nude pictures, not as much about Porn.
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey You haven’t really watched those clips and you don’t speak German to even know what Hitler was saying. There is no comparison between the German Nazi crowds and Trump MAGA crowds. Stupid statements go no where. Traitors Hillary and Obama will hang with your approval.
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Donald Trump and his wife Mellenia are now madly in love like never before. They are equal spirits. Tough and beautiful.  It is a love affair with a core more solid then Ronnie and Nancy.  The family is thrilled. They went from a typical marriage to what most will never have.
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Smart people don’t confuse confidence with being a narcissist.		Would you say that millionaire football players are narcissist? We The People say that millionaire foot ball players brag a lot and are narcissist. On top of that for attention they don’t stand for the USA either.
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey This may be a little over your age range. Talk to Nazi Death camp survivors in Israel and then explain why they love and support Trump. You don’t pay attention to the fact the Trump is enjoys rock star popularity in Israe? Why not? Hitler isn’t popular in Israel.
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey U say criminal but with no convictions and no criminal record? So how would you like it if you were called a criminal? Two years to falsify a case and it has all backfired on HRC, Obama and the Dems who accuse Trump of what the Dems do and will hang for.
@gharlson @garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Glad ur against nude models. Nudity and hopefully porn. Don’t believe she showed all. Old, old news. 		Kinda tough to complain about tastefully done photos when the Dems expect US to believe a porn star and her porn sleep lawyer lying about Trump and loosing in court.
Dem coup is step 1:  Pass Impeachment in the House.		2: Globalist Deeps state starts war in Ukraine with Russia=Nuke		3: Blame Trump Syria 		4: Then Senate RINO’s vote impeach		5: EMER Congress opens USC repeal		Sean Hannity January 5, 2019 https://t.co/7mL724exlM via @YouTube
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey All BS. Sorry. Not interested in debating a hardened ideologue whonblames those helping like Trump who are intentionally being impeded by fake news and desperate fake news followers.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Maybe even you will be enraged when you see with your own eyes what others have seen?  Even those who’ve given up on trying to be moral and have just let loose of all morality or family centric society norms will be sickened and shaken into coming back to common sense.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Defend the pedophiles, Nazi Zionist coup d’état to hearts content but nothing will erase the images evoking rage for justice against child sacrifice globalist. Every normal person, even including gays and lesbians who are not LGBT extremists will be enraged demanding executions
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey They will be released and aired on the EMB and EANS. In addition on Stars and Stripes with every single military man and woman ordered to watch them. This will be done to shut down any leftist bolshevik attempts at inciting riots with jihadist inserted to wreak mass carnage.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Jim Jones was a CIA MK Ultra experiment. It was an occult Nazi scientist controlled experiment. All the leftist words in the world will not erase the impression in the minds of the video tapes from Anthony David Weiner former Democratic congressman’s Lao top of HRC Uma.
@gatewaypundit These demonic traitors, haters of humanity will have their voter fraud crimes exposed and the House will begins to turn Red soon. The house will be Res by Q2.  We The People can’t wait to hear the howling and screening. And see the hangings for Treason.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey The left hating idiot white women can protest all they want because they are hopelessly flawed, immoral perverted birches. They’re the fat ass HR women that every man hates and will applaud their sham when all is made public. American women are traitor trash whores.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey The leftist Obama HRC death wishers and their followers who are pushing denied medical treatment and are advocating and lobbying nation wide for euthanasia will get to see their oedophile friends and abortionist rounded up and executed. The rage of the American people is ripe.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey All of the God Damned people who willfully support the darkest evils will be shamed into shutting up and some will turn away from evil and follow POTUS Trump. Most evil shit up and go into hiding. Pedophiles will be rounded up tried and under the circumstances euthanized.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Latina and Asian women have their heads screwed on straight for the most part. So do MOST Americans. Most still know right from wrong. Most know that pedophilia which is rampant in the public schools is unacceptable evil to be punished by death. Child sacrifice will enrage WTP.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey You are full of conspiracy theories. The email trails and texts are facts. Those facts will result in prosecutions and treason with hangings. Initially the tapes of the hangings will be made public. Further along the hangings will be televised live.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Wrong again. POTUS Trump hasn’t asked any foreign government for assistance. Two years running in this Illegal Special Council investigation which is a fraud and a coup d’état in motion and No charges against POTUS Trump. Obviously no illegal activity or collusion by Trump.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Pro POTUS MAGA Government employees care more about saving the USA and thus their jobs in the long run then about a few pay checks that will find them eventually.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Of course no one on the left and none in the globalist controlled Democrat party care about child sex trafficking. After all Pizza Gate is a Democrat RINO smorgasbord. Isn’t it? Do you like pizza too?
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Many government workers care more about preventing child and human trafficking coming across the border along with guns and Middle East terrorist and weapons of mass destruction entering the USA then about a few pay checks. There are many patriotic people who care.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey U have it backwards. Friends in Federal government say Schumer is using government workers as hostages. All Schumer has to do is allow a measly $5 Billion to fund the Wall construction which was a mandate that Trump ran in. Schumer himself wanted a wall. Kabuki politician
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Watching Obama and Hillary hang will become a national celebration after their evil deeds are declassified and released along with piles of information on gun, child sex trafficking, child sacrificing are aired on EBS and EANS.  Admirals and Generals will hang for treason. 👍😀
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey We The People know who POTUS is. We see and know what he is doing and accomplishing. We are now waiting for him to pull the trigger on this Globalist Communist coup d’état. The trials are underway at GITMO. Just as they were at Nuremberg &amp; as with  Sadam they will hang
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Don’t worry. POTUS Trump will explain these things to every idiot who’s chosen to bury their heads in the sand because they want to maintain their illicit sex perverted life styles of insanity.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Get ready to look in the mirror and find who you are when the videos of Hillary Clinton and Islamic Brotherhood Uma Abaden raping an under age girl, torturing her and scalping he face off to drink he blood are aired in an emergency broadcasting airing as POTUS makes his speech.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Sure, there are a lot of stupid zombie people who hate POTUS Trump. Mostly white women who are stupid as hell. You think the white dumb ass women will go rogue and start machine gunning down crowds? We can take care of the Jihadist because we know where they are. No problem
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey It’s simple. Their aren’t enough radicals with balls to do anything about what’s coming. A whole lot of generals and admirals are being asked for their resignations		The complete unresacted release of ever God Damned text and email providing overwhelming proof of treason in near
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey You are what? An LGBT advocate? Endorse murder ie the DNC assumption of many including Seth Rich for copying files and sending them to Assange for Wikileaks to publish? These are the facts and you have none. Just insinuations and false accusations, threats against POTUS family
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey I want to be nice to u. Look, we’re never going to agree. We The People are fully aware of the massive globalist Democrats crime spree. HRC selling out the USA in the Uranium 1 Deal. Massive child sex trafficking. Sanctuary cities setting their police for assassinations.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @gharlson @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Hahaha. We needed a disrupter. Decades old trade agreements as just one example, that were bleeding the US Treasury dry. Mounting deficits leading to massive government debt for lack of tax revenues. Runaway regulations on taxes and energy that doomed the USA
@garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Except crack and sex.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Nothing speedy in DC?
@garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey All true words.
@garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Said well. The US Constitution was set up to protect our country but from foreign as well as domestic threats such as for example a coup d’état in which case the executive has unique and immediate powers available to him.		7 Days in May.
@askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @garboy4 @Comey An opinion is not meting out judgement nor is an accusation. Judgment is when a mad man enters a ball field to judge politicians whom he happens to disagree with. Would you agree?
@garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey The only thing that needs to be defended is the US Constitution. Simple.  Trump doesn’t seem to need to be defended. He’s done nothing illegal to defend against. 🤷‍♂️
@garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey We’ll make it available. I am sure the American people will understand clearly. The American people have been following all the details very closely. U hear them talking about it in line at the grocery store and they seem quite knowledgable. The conversation is always pro Trump
@garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Jesus said nothing about a liar.  Perhaps open the Bible and find that verse?
@garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey So far all the Mueller investigation has unearthed for public consumption is that there was no illegal activity naming Trump as even a suspect. All the attention on Russia seems to bring to light ample proof that Russian actors colluded with HRC and DNC? Nice to know?
@garboy4 @askthe_q @dp_linzo @alilandow @Comey Left would have more satisfaction if you could name the crime with sufficient proof to indite. The attempts at amassing multiple fabrications of evidence through suborning perjury in order to create smoke insinuating fire probably isn’t going to hold up under declassification.
RT @magagary687: Too Scary! 	Bre Payton was brilliant journalist at the Federalist, an apparently healthy 26 year old woman. Highly regarde…
@mitchellvii Because the Republicans are mostly RINO globalist. They’re on the same globalist team as the Democrats,  Kabuki theater.
RT @sxdoc: US Intel Kept Secret Exculpatory Evidence about General Flynn Hidden -- And Set Him Up! Flynn reported his trip to Russia before…
RT @JudicialWatch: BREAKING: Judicial Watch signed a settlement agreement with the State of California &amp; the County of L.A. under which the…
RT @GOP: "This isn't just a border, this is national security… This is everything.” -@realDonaldTrump
@thehill Romney. A black vulture cap guy. An opportunist who along with his family gutted auto manufacturing sending factories to Mexico and China where his partners collect huge dividends. Of course he defends the globalist status quo that was putting US under.
RT @BuckSexton: He’s being used by those who oppose everything he claims to stand for, and he either doesn’t know or doesn’t care. Not sure…
@senatemajldr McConnell you’re not doing enough timely enough.
@RudyGiuliani Yes sir Rudy. We know who the witches all are. They’re Hillary Clinton, Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters, Robert Mueller, Rod Rosenstein. Add Mattis, and a host of other fools. And the grand master wiken warlocks are Soros &amp; Obama.
RT @RudyGiuliani: According to CNN witches favor Democrats and they are offended that the Meuller investigation is described as a Witch Hun…
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 		When you make your move to do what has to be done to save this nation be sure you take out the very top leaders of sedition and treason in this coup d’état against American government. Be sure to get them all, present the evidence and execute them.
Veggie harvest in Washington DC politics persecuted Melosa Vic under President Bill Clinton and all he was doing was fighting back and doing the right thing.  It’s either us or them now and there are still many more of us than them. We cannot let the small minority rule.
No Jew, no Christian and no son or daughter of either is safe any longer in the USA until this is taken care of and put down completely. These are the backbone of conservitism. Many other good people still know right and wrong and will follow the conservative Christians &amp; Jews.
liberals won’t do a damn thing because they’re not radicalized leftist. So they can just get indigestion which is what good conservative people who unlike the liberals, are not enablers of the Alinsky occultist radicals out to destroy this nation that so many struggled to build
Let’s get this show on the road ASAP before it to late. We The People trust your judgement. That’s why we turn out the way we do and support you every day and in any way we can.  We see right through this now treasonous leftist coup d’état Democrat party and we hate them.
On mny states we all legally carry fire arms. We’re ready.
@ POTUS @realDonaldTrump Draw them out through moving forward with executive orders, Marshal Law., military tribunals an the majority of We The People are sick of them and we are behind you all the way.  Declassify, among first targeted should by the lying MSM.
Despite what the leftist communist coup d’état take down of America leaders would have you believe there are not as many radicals willing to go to those extends and there are a lot more of us then there are of them. And We The People will support what has to be done under USC.
It’s time to drop the hammer in the left. Force people to go back in their closets or go to jail for life and if they’ve committed a felony punishable by death then just administrate justice as quickly as possible. Courts are to corrupt to do it. It has to be tribunals or bust
The left is clearly made up of psychotic death wishers who are so insane and unfit to be let out of a cage that they would threaten to massacre anyone within the proximity of their demonic target obsession.  So grandma the kids and grand kids all get slaughtered to feed his lust
Savage gets death threats, moves to secret location - WND https://t.co/gTJkh8v51i
Incoming Senator Romney Publishes Blistering Op/Ed on Trump's Character. Evil man Mit Romney is a selfish globalist traitor. His father was the first to move automotive jobs out of the US to Mexico. Then Mit moved GM Delphi to China. https://t.co/L0XxXNMJ21
RT @kwilli1046: You'll never want to smoke cigarettes again. https://t.co/xmlFtGCj3K
Oh, and Republicans Were Hacked Before the Election, by the Way | https://t.co/s5k7ITtd7D
@CNBC 		CNBC has been pushing the marijuana and cannabis story from day one. Hopefully your pretty young women of child bearing years are not using cannabis. Severe birth defects.		'We are at ground zero of new medical epidemic' - WND https://t.co/dodNYMINR5 via @worldnetdaily
Crying out the name of Jesus Christ is a ploy of the devel who after all takes pleasure in Christian mega church services in which music brings out sorrow, self pity and tears which re confused for tears revealing joy inside but are actually cries of barren souls.
Trump out played Roger Stone and Jerome Corsi. Roger Stone gives himself away by his staunch support for Fox News “Senior legal correspondent Judge Andrew Napolitano who is a crafty Anti-Trump Jesuit black hat agent. 		The Federal Judiciary has long been completely corrupted.
G.H. accepted this when he suspected it as he rose up in the ranks of Illuminate masonry, and accepted it. Barbra picked the wife from the blood lines for G.W.  She is a steadying personality to the wild and crazy G.W. She got the plays and nurtured G.W. along with encouragement
G.W. was a wild playboy who had access to every toy imaginable.  Hot tubs full of women and cocaine. Laura was picked by the Luciferian cabal to be his wife and to spy on G.W. Just as was Barbra picked to be G.H.’s wife by the Satanic cabal.
The white hats as they ask questions are able to connect G.W. information that even he wasn’t aware of and thus draw dots to conclusions that G.W. had no idea about. It’s as much of a learning revelation about just what the depths of his family history has really been all about.
The fact that G.W. flipped over to POTUS Donald Trump and the white hats has the deep state people who all know it terrified because of the information that he can reveal as he cooperates answering questions. G.W. knows more then he even realizes or has connected dots to.
G.W. now as much as POTUS Trump himself stands in danger of being assassinated by the very deep state that his Father G.H. Bush was an architect of &amp; constructed under Jesuit guidance from the Vatican channels of power including the City of London Rothschild global banking cabal
Gor G.W. to turn the tables on the deep state and the Rothschild shadow gov not to mention Dick Cheney whom he thought was a close friend and confidant who he realizes played him the fool along with his Father G.H. is his way of paying his debt to society that prison never could
A bond that POTUS Trump and G.W. Bush share is that both have come to sobering first hand knowledge and fear of the spiritual battle between Satan and God are in Awe of Jesus Christ and his part in saving humanity. Neither have deep spiritual knowledge but POTUS is a quick study
Something about being a pilot and taking reality into your hands and mind because a pilot can not escape reality and survive. He must process, avoid and when necessary, react.  G.H. was a pilot and so was his son G.W. One piloted evil the other has decided to pilot for the good.
G.W. Bush, a good hearted guy born into a wicked family which he only finely realized the evils of after leaving office.
Has G.W. flipped over to POTUS Trump to save his family? Yes, he has.
G.W. Didn’t know what to do without being advised because he never really was in charge. His father who said of his son, cynically but in a loving voice “Isn’t George W. doing a great job as President?” Was in charge of the White House through Dick Cheney.
But Osama bin Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden was another Lee Harvey Oswald. G.W. froze in shock as he was reading a book to children even turning the book upside down while pretending to read as he was digesting the news whispered in his ear.
When 911dprang forth it was deeply disturbing to G.W. that he did not have fore knowledge.  Dick Cheney then as planned pulled the fraud story wool over G.W’s eyes revealing to him the cover story that it was an Al-Qaeda  plot by Saudi Osama bin Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden.
GW. grew up hearing stories told by his father and mother. Was intimately aware and yet awkwardly so as he matured and bonded with class mates and fellow Air Force pilots in the F-106 squadron. He was a case of a rich playboy who just wanted to be normal. So the neighbors say.
G.H. Bush was far more then the average run of the mill middleman to the the Rothschild globalist. He was a member of the Illuminate. A witch and a priest of Satanic cult worship to the light bearer and his thousand points of light the shadow governments global deep state.
Prescott Bush &amp; George Peabody London Rothschild agent of finance, loans and debentures were business partners in slave trade through the Baltimore harbor. Partners in Skull &amp; Bones &amp; Yale.  Skull and bones have robed the graves for trophy beads of their kills, JFK, Oswald.
George Peabody was directed by Lord Rothschild and followed the same plan that Rothschild successfuly employed in the London panic 1815 which he triggered by spreading news that England was loosing the war with France in the Battle of Waterloo which it was not.
"For such qualities of conservatism and purity, George Peabody and Company, the old tree out of which the House of Morgan grew, was famous. In the panic of 1857, when depreciated securities had been thrown on the market by distressed investors in America...
With this collapse nine hundred other American companies failed. Significantly, one not only survived, but prospered from the crash. In Corsair, we learn that the Bank of England lent George Peabody and Company five million pounds during the panic of 1857.
"Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History" George Peabody As for the "Panic of 1857:"		Corsair, "The Life of J.P. Morgan", tells us that the Panic of 1857 was caused by the collapse of the grain market and by the sudden collapse of Ohio Life and Trust, for a loss of $5 M dollars
The reaction of G.W. Bush to news WTC 911 was perplexity and shock of knowing that Dick Cheney and his father G.H. had to have some involvement or fore knowledge of it as they had family knowledge of every other event since the 1857 collapse&amp;the Civil war Prescott&amp;George Peabody
Not seen or Tweeted since 22 December HRC, Obama, Clapper, Comey have been arrested and tried in military tribunals. Mueller and Rosenstein next.		Justice is Coming, #GITMO Style -- Dr. Dave Janda https://t.co/mMXeAC0q4J via @YouTube
Justice is Coming, #GITMO Style -- Dr. Dave Janda https://t.co/mMXeAC0q4J via @YouTube
Your best self starts now. - YouVersion https://t.co/RxYriEsd0M
POTUS Trump is leading a revolution to reclaim the authority of the US Constitution and the natural law which it is based upon. Natural patriarchal Bible based Law of authority traced from God the Father to Jesus Christ thus judgement and mercy to mankind through Biblical gov
We live today under the Greco-Roman centric government presided over by Rome. The US Constitution has been ignored by the Jesuit Masonic Roman courts progressively as they washed Christianity out of the USA through judicial legislation.
Mentioned that in a related thread but yes indeed we are under a Greco-Roman Government which userped the US Constitution after the government convened to New York and later Washington DC by which time the Illuminate gov planted by Adam Weishaupt in 1776 took root.
Greco-Roman.
Consider the expression of “The Founding Father’s”. This is an expression of natural patriarchal authority. It is the embodiment of Natural Law. It is a godly order of existence and government.  A Biblical concept upon which our government was founded as well many governments
God is not to be found in Heaven but he can be found in your heart. You don’t have to go to India or into space to find God. Call upon God and you will find his son Jesus answering you through his voice the Holy Spirit.  		This is the day of your salvation. Grasp your gift
Now u know why the US space program rockets were named after Greco-Roman demigods as they attempt to reach their global enterprise into the celestial zodiac and beyond to find their celestial fortunes on a quest to chase the Satanic hoax on humanity leading it to destruction
When you peer up into the US Capitol dome in Washington DC to the celestial ceiling and see Roman occult symbols should you be surprised.....    or aware?  These are the Satanic Occult New Age symbolisms of the Illuminate Satanic NWO OWG.  Whom and what do you worship, God or $
The Roman Empire is stil in existence since the very day it crucified Jesus when the children of Abraham rejected the promises one. The spear of destiny is still grasped clenched firmly in her hands. Her? Yes, Rome is the whore of Babylon. Blood drips from her lips of war.
So Rome controls the US military industrial complex (Lindsy Graham, Marco, Kasich, Mad Dog Mattis, ET al) Now do you understand why the US Capitol in DC consists of Romanesque buildings from the White House to Congress to the SCOTUS? Do you know who is in control? Rome.
But then comes Trump out of nowhere to break through Romes globalist hidden world empire. An empire still spinning the globe but hidden below the surface of the US military Industrial Complex. (Tech is a creation of the Roman deep state military industrial complex).
Feeling betrayed by the Globalist China began making their own plans apart from the globalist “From The West” who always brought wars to the East.  The acceleration of China’s off books arsenal of nuke ICBM’s accelerated under NOKO Un jung Kim (Left to right)
The Chinese found themselves as having been misdirected by the globalist and embarked for the first time of thinking for themselves and following strong leadership which they felt had come along with money from the globalist.
By the time the second globalist financial retreat came about in 2015 the Chinese became weary of the globalist promises. Moreover they found themselves far behind in the tech manufacturing evolution having swelled on constructing cities verse hi tech robotic factories.
The globalist had no choice but to withdraw funding of China initially in 2008’as a result of the global bankruptcy misfire of 2008.  But this resumes full force until Sept 2015 when again the globalist could not maintain global economic support as flagged by the IMF.
The Chinese who because of their patriarchal order of beliefs inculcated in society and spiritual beliefs embodies in gov and family became suspicious of the globalist when they began to withdraw funding by the Federal Reserve against assurances that it was temporary.
The empty cities of China are a Globalist hoax on China’s patriarchal gov leaders of a. Hina tising to ave the world where people loyal to the deep state are to flee a Weatern world in collapse for cities which they would recognize as their own Paris France or London or DC.
And this explains POTUS Bill Clinton pumping ICBM and MERV tech to China from JPL and charges of treason to whistle blowers. It explains Al Gore’s transfer of Silicon Valley tech including Google and FB into the Chinese Industrial Military complex along with your $ via Wall St.
Roman built the US Military Industrial Complex and using American wealth, that is to say your Money, your jobs, they duplicated the US Military Industrial Complex in China. Thus explains gay McConnell married to a Chinese shipping magnate’s daughter and Feinstein’s chauffeur.
You can have this body for your self too. Jesus offers his blood for yours. Will you accept his gift of his perfect blood in place of yours? Will you accept God’s gift of eternal life through the shed blood of Jesus Christ. He loves you. He cares about you. He wants you well.
The blood of Jesus is the transfusion of His blood into ours that will provide us with eternal life upon the resurrection of our dead bodies to be reunited with our spirits and souls in a new eternal genetically physical body. A body with out the sin genetic flaws.
Life can not exist without blood. Life is in the blood. Because the blood of man has become genetically corrupted which is why we have a limited life span we need new blood and thus a new body. Jesus has provided His blood for us and our eternal life.
Rome feeds itself of the wealth of the world through bloodshed of wars and the threat of wars. Jesus said there would be wars and rumors of wars. Rome draining the blood of man. Blood is the source of all wealth. Wealth is produced by blood, sweat tears.
Vatican Jesuits formed &amp; control the US military industrial complex which uses wars fueled through debts &amp; arms sales to paranoid sovereigns this keeping the debt war machine going and growing until one day it is intended to extinguish humanity.
The Vatican lent Gold to European Kings who waged wars with rival kings. Thus Rome has always controlled Europe and the British Isles.  And Rome has the BLOOD of the world upon its hands. To this very day through the black hat Jesuits controlling the Military industrial complex
The Vatican of Rome which Emperors ruled from two thousand years before Roman Vatican Emperors built the British Empire using the German and English Kings as their vassal governors over the European continent and the British Isles. They did it through financing wars.
The Vatican was doing business with Japan, China and Korea from palaces in Rome with paved streets while English Royality was trudging through muddy streets in carriages.  The symbol of Vatican control over the British Empire is seen in the 17th Century Cathedral of Saint Paul.
Rome has split the wealth of the world fueled through the global reserve dollar with British Royality while keeping control of it ultimately through the Vatican seat of Illuminate control via Jesuit (Fox News too ie Judge Nap) control of an American Banking and political system
Wealth came to England long after it came to Rome &amp;the Vatican. The Vatican was conducting trade with Japan and China long before the rise of the British Empire famously known to never have the sun setting upon it. But alas the sun did set while Vatican wealth lives on in the US
The Arian concept of human evolution which came to the West on Clipper Ships from China where the Sanskrit migrated as far North to and which ended up in London along with wealth that transformed Royality away from King George legacy.
What Hillary was recently doing in India was simply a form of witch craft which was drawing the spirits of the Illuminate New Age ( Blavatsky) Hollywood and the German Nazi US deep state together as a reminder that they are one in beliefs and purpose for Lucifer’s NWO OWG.
You ask what is the connection between the New Age religion, which traces its most visible forms to Indian culture today, to the German Nazi’s? The answer can be seen in the Swastica a prominent symbol of the Brahmin’s in particular.  It is the symbol of evolutional authority
So you may be wondering why HRC went to India and made a big production of it.  U see, what she was doing was symbolically uniting the New Age followers who are mostly comprised of Jews (Hollywood) with the Mueller, Rosenstein Nazi descendant agents of the US deep state.
The Indian Sanskrit (sandscript) literature segregated tribes into a hi Archail order known as Aryan races representing varied forms of human evolution which generally could be identified by the color of skin from black to yellow, red to white with light skin the highest evolved
Vedic Village in Kolkata today is the place where the Sandscript writtings were first compiled into a collection which formed the basis of their agrarian economy and government.  It is a system which recognized racial decisions and ascribed an hierarchical order.
Jews who fled Babylon and settled into Northern India eventually migrated further away from danger to settle in the area now known as Kolkata. There they wrote their philosophical views of the order of life contained in the Sandscript writings of Vedic.
Alexander The Great attempted to reign in India’s Babylonian Kings back under a central world government authority under the Greek demigods but failed to conquer India and was driven back out of the North Weatern regions of today’s India.
So this is why Jews have a fascination with India which is in essence deeply ensconced in the Sandscript writing of Jews who stayed in Babylon when the rest returned under King Cyrus tonthebland of Israel. Those remaining eventually left under persecution to what is today India
And as it turns out their are many holes and many many weaknesses in the “Skeleton” frame work of the globalist shadow gov empire. For one thing it was unable to sustain organic global growth which gave concern to billionaires world wide who were going along for wealth.
Come back to God. Turn to Jesus. He will give you the strength to turn away from all the sin. You can come back to God and you can live in eternal life with peace and true joy. You can see your loved ones again. Your Godly mothers, fathers, grandmothers, grandfathers &amp; elders.
Sit down, have a quiet cup of coffee and reflect back on your childhood, your family community church. Remember the kindness of that generation which is now nearly completely passed. Remember their kindness to you, their hopes and dreams for you. Their love of you.
God has thrown Satan’s globalist to the mat as he gives one last call to the hearts of men and women to come out of your sin. Come back to God. Abandon the adultery the gang bang sex parties the drugs all of which allow your consciences to be seared to sufferings of children
Satan has gathered Israel using his Rothschild agents. They have brought money and prosperity to Israel and Israel and the globalist Zionist will succeed in making Israel the new envy of the world attracting all Jews but to a temple of doom befor Jesus steps in to stop him.
When you sin believer, just yield to the conviction of the Holy voice of God within you and confess it. Your burden of guilt will be removed each &amp; every time. Then donas the woman at the well did. Turn away from that sin and live with a clear consciences before God over &amp; over
Love God and Love your neighbor. These two things if we do these in faith accepting that Jesus is the son of God sent to us are all we need to get us through this world.  The blood of Jesus shed because he loves us has covered all of our sins making eternal possible.
These are the commandments that Jesus left with us because he knew we could not fulfill the first ten that God gave us. So Jesus who fulfilled all the commandments of God in our behalf proving that men and women could be perfect left us with just two to get us through.
Let US awaken to God and reach out to family and neighbors now.		Matthew 22:37- Jesus replied: "'Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.'	...And the second is like it: 'Love your neighbor as yourself.'
Not satisfied with taking women into sex slavery they take your children too and they’ve done this through the public schools. The descent into blatant immorality is the pretext for importing Islamic jihadist as the Final solution to what they believe are the evils of the Bible
Satan believes that by corrupting the bride of the Father Israel and the bride of Jesus the churc, that he will take God the Father and his son Jesus Christ into slavery controlling him to do his bidding just as men control of house wives made into MILF women slaves to sex.
Satan is also gathering the church the wife of Jesus Christ whom he paid the ultimate dowery for. Satan believes he will drive a spear through the heart of God the Father. The spear is a symbol. The false Holy Lance Spear of Destiny thrust through the side of Jesus.
The gathering of Israel to its temple in Israel is a gathering to a slaughter. The gathering a Satanic Rothschild accomplishment. It continues through the globalist banking cabal’s global manipulations. The intent is the destruction of Jehovah’s wife. Jesus will prevent it
Israel is the bride of Jehovah in the church is the bride of Jesus Christ. Satan has seduced Israel the bride of Jehovah into the new age religion and Satan has seduced the churches through mega church Antichrists by the thousands. Satanic Rothschilds gather Israel to a temple
God is waiting to see the reaction of the millennials as the evils, the morbidity of the Socialist and communist fronts of the globalist are exposed. Have they become so jaded, drug and illicitly sex addicted that they simply won’t care? This is what God is waiting to see
Nearly every single child kidnapped into child sex slavery is eventually either murdered or presented in Satanic ritual child sacrifices. When children worn out of STD’s AIDS are simply disposed of by murder.Breaking their necks, hangings the common forms will millennials care?
Will we serve God and righteousness or will we serve Lucifer, child sacrifice which started behind closed doors and is now moving out into the open in mainstream America as knowledge of child sex trafficking is now well known and its evil child sacrifice.
Today we start a new year on the Vatican’s Gregorian calendar.		It will be a dark year or if we choose, a sunrise bringing light to the world		Globalist shadow gov has lost monentum, has lost control of the narrative both here and abroad. Now it is up to us whom we will serve
The Globalist “New Age” religion is the initial attractive deception to what is supposed to be the transformation of Bible based societal ethics into what we see rampant today in the USA. This collection of spiritual beliefs originated in Babylon the bases of all pagan religions
Trump is exposing the globalist ancient World Babylonian economy, slave trafficking of women, men &amp;children, child &amp; adult ritual sacrifice. It will be up to the leftist, the disenchanted millennials to then react to what is revealed. Will it be rage against evil or apathy?
We are at the darkest hour of morning. Our faith in God, our righteous hate of evil stands before the morning sun rise. Which as a nation will we awaken to? 		POTUS Trump will expose the pedophile globalist who engage in the ancient forms of human trafficking
They pick SCOTUS justices, Senators, Congressman, Police Chiefs, Generals, Admirals. They own the MSM including Fox News. The internet. 		Yet even worse POTUS Trump by the hand of God has decimated global confidence in the globalist. POTUS Trump has left them looking like fools
So the Illuminate families WHO OWN THE FEDERAL RESERVE franchise are the owners of the globalist team. They pick the quarterbacks, the players and manipulate the fans. That’s u and me. They have picked and controlled the Presidents by having their guy in both parties.
The bankers control Hollywood through finance. They control Wall St through the Federal Reserve banks. They own and control the bond ratings agencies S&amp;P, Fit h and others who in turn act as police enforcers on corporations and CEO’s to toe the line and do as politely told to do
Washington DC catches the political activism football and legislates accordingly. But politicians are stupid and don’t know the plan so the Illuminate Bankers send lobbyists to feed the plan to them bite at a time. (For the wall against the wall).
The philosophy of the New Age of spiritualism which encompasses witch craft, akin to the ying and yang of Eastern mysticism is embodied and sold onto US and global society through Hollywood movies followed up by Hollywood activism, political action by DC who catches the football
Just as American gov was built on an order of spiritual belief so to is the philosophical spiritualism of the emerging NWO OWG. This is a powerful philosophical belief attractive to even church people who’ve been demoralized by the globalist attack on the US economy..
The New Age spiritualism has been the prime description of Jews who’ve rejected the Bible because of thousands of years of persecution, but yet have retained a spiritual need to fill with love, peace and happiness. Universal acceptance is the pretext for embracing the New Age.
The Illuminate has largely transformed the order of authority out of the traditional patriarchal order established by the Bible in the Judeo Christian ethics applied to American gov into a New World Order of “a Thousand point of light”. It is a New Age religious luciferian order
In China the order of authority while patriarchal comprises a re arrangement in the order of authority. In China it is State-State leaders-Patriarch- society of Communist - family members. It’s more complicated then the traditional USA God-Father/family-Country.
So the China system is one which on the one hand, if understood, can be considered a more natural system of responsibilities to families except it demands a higher responsibility to the State before family where as in the traditional US it was God, family, USA.
Enforcement in the China system of patriarchal government is a humanistic system based on Buddhist tenets and spiritualism which is ultimately anchored in Lucifer’s description, the Red Dragon who is identified by God and made known to us in the Bible.
China’s Patriarchal centric system of government, It is one that is largely centered on family relationships ie small family dynasties, some of which are the size of a small canton known as prefectures or even a city block. It’s a system of trusts with enforcement.
None have been more shaken then China leaders. Unlike the globalist form of communism, the China model, though brutal in its rise has maintained a sense of “Patriarchal” orientation which is deeply etched in millennia of history. It has a somewhat natural orientation.
This realization by sovereigns previously on board with the globalist plans has retarded the advancement of the globalist agenda. It has in fact caused sovereigns to look for another path to their futures that they can ascribe to. They have identified POTUS Trump as the leader.
But these patches must be applied over sovereigns in the deep state cabal who’ve grown weary of the Rothschild Banking cartel’s utopian illusions which they have come to see as a fraud, an impossibility as their collapse would precede the rise of the global utopia without them.
Their planned global financial collapse didn’t go through because globalist controlled sovereigns shills panicked and they had to pull the plug on a global bankruptcy. The globalist set about identifying weaknesses and forging patches now nearing their completion.
Thus the globalist Zionist lost the confidence of those whom they had up to that time manipulated masterfully. The panic of 2008 resulted in a huge setback for the globalist because they discovered that they had a very frail control after all.
The impending financial collapse which was triggered by the globalist using Goldma Sachs as the architect of that collapse left would be globalist kings in great fear. They realized that their weaponized neighbors, many with nukes, could destroy everything.
But the ray of hope that God has put before the eyes of America is this. It is that the entire system that the globalist have constructed “USING YOUR MONEY” failed to get Hillary elected. Billionaire Donald Trump found the hole and drove a Freight Train right through it.
The judiciary was taken over through the University law schools which the globalist funded privately. Later the globalist were able to use their DC politicians to direct funding to collages and universities on their terms. They saw to it that only leftist professors were hired
When mom and pop innocently thought that they could stay home and watch their Senator or Congressmen on T.V rather then going to see him in person, they were no longer dropping cash into the campaign collection box. The corporate dinners moved into the vacuum thus controlling DC
Political power in the progressive takeover of the US progressed with the advent of T.V. This allowed the cabal to take over traditional local politics to an even greater extent. When people stoped going to the high school gym to meet and ask questions of their congressman on tv
By controlling banking the globalist controlled who would get a bank charter and who would not. Masons whom the globalist illuminate controlled were their picks in the rural communities throughout the USA. The places out side the big cities where they chose not to live.
The globalist took over America with the institution of the Federal Reserve. This was the camel’s nose under the tent.  They’ve built on that ever since by leveraging power through the banking system which they appropriated for themselves within Satanic blood lines.
Jumping off on what HRC said “Either we hang them or they for certain will hang us.”  This is their clear path of hatred to every good man and woman’s door step and to their children.  They intend to destroy any and everyone who resists them. They are allied with jihadist.
The destruction of patriarchal authority undermines every other natural order of authority. Thus Nixon easily removes. The slandering impeachment campaign and ultimately the impeachment of the US Constitution and the USA itself, those bulwarks of protections. for your freedoms.
It’s plain to see that the destruction of patriarchal authority which has been the foundation of Biblical Law, has been destroyed through television talk shows, Hollywood and the media initially.  		The destruction of patriarchal authority takes out All authority values ie Nixon
A very thorough expository on the Democrat Leftist decades long agenda which has transformed American social values from God given principles into “Feelings” of the discontented.		The left will make 2019 a dark year - WND https://t.co/9EdV7w7CT9 via @worldnetdaily
Shocking News! https://t.co/eeb4nv03so via @YouTube
Escort to Gitmo https://t.co/3G9Yg2hIBV via @YouTube
Marshal Law in a few days he says.. https://t.co/5kMXjHCBVa via @YouTube
Hang in their women young and old for God and for your eternal glorification which will glorify Jesus before the Father and glorify the Father. Your eternal future is endless and beautiful in every sensual and emotional way. It’s worth it all.
Father’s and mothers, love your daughters. Be there for them to lean on when the world comes to batter their emotions with every cruel rejection of Godly upbringing that they attack with cynical laughter or your daughter will end up like this torn sad woman.
Of all the crusades she could take up she chooses the one person fighting against all the evils that she isn’t interested in vanquishing. Just Trump. It an unhealthy obsession of an emotionally deprived  girl of true love turned bitter woman.
Interesting how a power hungry woman wants to “Lead” a flock accuses Trump who wants and is  Leading the USA out of a ditch known as a shallow grave of being power hungry.  		Trump is “Leading” consensus power for a Great, and wonderful good.
The apostate church is here. False Christ’s in the pulpit abound. Last grains of sand are making their way through the hour glass.  Those who pleasure their ears do not have room for the voice of God. God’s voice to them drowned out blaspheme the Holy Spirit.
This confused woman doesn’t know what she is doing. She doesn’t know good from evil. Still stuck in a ferry land fantasy pick dust bubble void of all reality or sense of danger. Like Oprah She wants women and weak pussy whipped men to affirm her fantasy.
Poor lost clueless woman. She hates Trump. How does she feel about pedophiles, deep state coup d’état or the globalist takeover of the USA. Head in sand ass in air. Blind guide 		Can This Evangelical Leader Turn Her Flock Against Trump? https://t.co/Y45JcbHqO3
Very good information, perspective and real hope that we are near to closing down the deep state. 		Warm your hearts. We’re almost there. And there is the beginning.		Dave Janda – Hammer of Justice Falls in 2019 https://t.co/VyXh6ZEolZ via @YouTube
“Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God.”	1 John 4:15 KJV https://t.co/7iIw4VVFoN
@Supt326 When is Flake going to do his sex change Catalin act? Right after he goes down in flames and falls out of the closet as Trump opens the closet door for the nation and world to see what’s been hiding inside.
@Supt326 Sure hope playboy flake talking points K St. controlled looser runs for President. He’ll be sweating bullets. Another Marco Rubio performance in the making. 		Weak men inside disintegrate user pressure. Talking points and foolish thought out in their minds by controllers crumble
@freedom_moates Pray for these people.		“But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and ye shall be the children of the Highest: for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil.”	Luke 6:35 KJV	https://t.co/x7cdd10FxL
Serco’s – Field McConnell https://t.co/mvZqi4wBKG 		A wealth of information and insight for those with high IQ bandwidth and attention span. Listen to the end and it all comes together with so much ease and texture that it can only all be true.		Warning, For high IQ only.
“But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and ye shall be the children of the Highest: for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil.”	Luke 6:35 KJV https://t.co/x7cdd10FxL
@bigleaguepol Globalist all believe they can go somewhere else and live in luxury once they’ve succeed in destroying America and bringing about the fall of the US Constitution. 		Playgrounds of the rich pedophiles who practice human sacrifice are human traps.
RT @bigleaguepol: John Kerry Fights to Keep Migrants Off His Private Beach https://t.co/L48kL5d3Ru
@AmyMek Only Jesus Christ can save Germany but Germany doesn’t know Jesus. They reject their savior. They reject God.
Just once wouldn’t it be great to see a Fox News reporter ask hard hitting questions instead of having Fox viewers endure senseless rants? Couldn’t he just ask him “Why don’t you just vote for the wall and open the gov?” Simple questions never asked?		https://t.co/DGERhkFqOS
ROBERT MUELLER PROBE WILL FAIL | Lawyer Alan Dershowitz interview | Dona... https://t.co/Z4np1EvR9j via @YouTube		Here is the problem. Judges are all corrupt and they are all cowards.  They bark like dogs and then rule 180’ the opposite every time.
Go back and listen to G.W. Bush’s public comments post 911 about the ability of being able to take control of an aircraft away from pilots. This is real and HRC has the patent. The current Air Force 89th Wing 747 &amp; 757’s, 737’s, G-V’s seem clear.  Be sure old and new.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 		Make sure the new Air Force One FMGS and FCU and flight control systems are clear of any Boeing Uninterrupted Autopilot Systems that can take control of the 747 and point nose down.		Serco’s stranglehold on the US military https://t.co/mvZqi4wBKG
@GOP @mbohannon9 Meyer Lansky’s territory was Miami but he was connected to the NY Jewish mob through business and helped engineer the take over if the Sicilian Mafia.
@GOP @mbohannon9 The Sicilian Mafia did have a strong code of family and loyalty ethics of a sort. The Jewish Mafia had none.
@GOP @mbohannon9 The Jewish Illuminate Mafia gained their entry and initial seed money, power and influence in the streets with gambling, prostitution, porn, vaudeville, Hollywood where as the family oriented conservative Catholic Sicilian Mafia entered through the protection rackets and unions
@GOP @mbohannon9 The Jewish Mafia begged there way into the Italian Mafia using sophisticated knowledge of Harvard business school. They teamed up initially with the Irish Boston which operated out of Boston and had inroads into tech and aerospace defense contractors through unions
@GOP @mbohannon9 This is the Mafia, the Jewish Mafia controlled by the Illuminati which CIA George H.W. Bush coordinated the assassination of JFK with using Mafia assassins.  And the same Jewish Mafia that infiltrated busines, banking and the US Fedetal Reserve that assassinated JFK &amp; Jr.
@GOP @mbohannon9 When Sicilian families said no to Jewish Mafia plans to infiltrate defense tech, they assassinated key Sicilian bosses and took over the national Mafia syndicate thus the Illuminate became the controllers of the Mafia. This is the Mafia involved in the JFK assassination&amp;cover up
@GOP @mbohannon9 The Sicilian Mafia resisted the infiltration of the Jewish Mafia ideas which had plans to infiltrate small emerging tech companies in aerospace which were playing a growing key role in the defense industries military industrial complex. Sicilians saw risks from big gov.
@GOP @mbohannon9 They infiltrated the Italian Mafia took over the high end business
@GOP @mbohannon9 Meyer Lansky was a Jewish Mafia business man mob boss. The Jewish-American organized crime emerged within the American Jewish community during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It has been referred to variously in media and popular culture as the Jewish Mob, Jewish Mafia.
@GOP @mbohannon9 The Mafia's core activities are protection racketeering, the arbitration of disputes between criminals, and the organizing and oversight of illegal agreements and transactions.		The Jewish Illuminate descendants in a blood line of families adopted Mafia methods
@GOP @mbohannon9 Each family claims sovereignty over a territory, usually a town or village or a neighbourhood (borgata) of a larger city, in which it operates its rackets. Its members call themselves "men of honour", although the public often referred to them as mafiosi.
@GOP @mbohannon9 Mafia: organized crime syndicate originating in Sicily, Italy. It is a loose association of criminal groups that share a common organisational structure and code of conduct. The basic group is known as a "family", "clan", or cosca.
@GOP @mbohannon9 Sicilian Mafia, also known as simply the Mafia and frequently referred to by members as Cosa Nostra was ultimately controlled by the Vatican. It became an enforcement arm for the Satanic Vatican. Immigrated to the US and was then infiltrated &amp; taken over by the Jewish Mafia.
@GOP @mbohannon9 Italian immigrant families to the US who brought Sicilian government style protection for Italian immigrants to the US through labor unions. They formed the Sicilian Mafia, also known as simply the Mafia and frequently referred to by members as Cosa Nostra.  Illuminati took over
@GOP @mbohannon9 The Jewish Illuminati adopted Italian Mafia methods. Wanted into the Italian Mafia. Using their sophisticated business knowledge Infiltrated Mafia business. Took it over completely from Sicilian country folks.
@GOP @mbohannon9 Helena Blavatsky Born into an aristocratic Russian-German family in Yekaterinoslav, then part of the Russian Empire. It’s a blood line. A Satanic army whose descendants adopted Italian Mafia methods.
@GOP @mbohannon9 The Jewish Mafia controls Hollywood, Wall St. It is an arm of the International Banking cartel. It’s an Illuminati adaptation form of government of the Italian Mafia. Nothing new. Jewish Mafia traces back to In New York City, Blavatsky co-founded the Theosophical Society=New Age
@GOP @mbohannon9 Schumer as a New York Jewish Mafia lawyer politician is intimately aware “Six ways from Sunday”, a Mafia term, of the deep state apparatus and its Jewish Mafia connections to the FBI, through tech they infiltrated banks and the Federal Reserve. They are the Jewish Illuminate
@GOP @mbohannon9 Schumer does what he is told “Or else”.  The FBI, Jewish Mafia are deep state power enforcers. Good cop bad cop.  Jewish Mafia infiltrated the Italian Mafia and was controlling it nation wide by 1968.  Chuck Schumer is a Mafia made deep state politician.
@GOP @mbohannon9 The Jewish Mafia which took control of the Sicilian Mafia became an enforcer of the deep state in globalist narcotics and gambling business. Cuba, Casinos, G.H. Bush assassination of JFK. They controlled the emerging tech industry beginning in the late 1960’s.
@GOP @mbohannon9 Schumer is controlled by the Jewish Mafia.  Jewish Mob, Jewish Mafia, Kosher Mafia, Kosher Nostra, or Undzer Shtik.  New York Mob boss Meyer Lansky was an early organizer of the deep state initially an agent in the Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI)
@308saiga Beautiful wholesome sight.  Strength of love, character, patriotism.  Awesome 👏🏼
RT @308saiga: They have never had a school shooting..  	 School girls going to their military training class!	  Notice the flag in the back…
@EmilyGillespi18 @HILIADA @realDonaldTrump Fake hysteria from the real hysterical MSM and their very few fake audience followers. People on the street other then in California polled 99% never sit down and watch CNN MSM news. 		Millennial’s are waking up rapidly to the fake news cycle.
@CNBC Correction:  Gov shut down likely to last until the wall is fully funded.  If it takes two years it will take two years		That basically stops the paychecks to deep state traitors and removes them from their desks where they disobey superior orders thus obstructing We The People
@JohnBrennan Give up your homo pedophile life style. Confess your sins to God and man and accept your punishment and then you may have forgiveness from God and eternal life. As of now you have doomed yourself. Life is short, don’t waist time redeeming yours for eternity.
@JohnBrennan We The People all know about the evil traitor globalist traitor shill that you are.  You are a disgrace to the human race. Jesus Christ will judge you here on earth and in the resurrection of the dead before casting you into the eternal fires of hell, you idiot.
@JohnBrennan You are a farcical man and a fraud. A global communist traitor guilty of innumerable acts of treason, sedition, high crimes and misdemeanors and crimes against humanity.  Are we talking the top of the ice berg here. How about murdering Christian mothers, fathers and children?
@JackPosobiec They have every right to have those red MAGA hats in their possessions just as much as a NY Yankees hat.  It’s their hats and their right to endorse the POTUS by having him autograph the hats.  		Perfectly respectful conduct.
BRILLIANT! TRUMP WINS BIG FOR CHRISTMAS WHILE DESTROYING HIS OPPOSITION ... https://t.co/aIh3qwCKcV via @YouTube
@Doodisgirl The Democrats commit treason and sedition.
@Montel_Williams @realDonaldTrump Montel a racist looser.
Trump wants to take the dollar back from the globalist and return the currency to We The People. Not replace it which would be a collapse of the USA.  Your cash is King.		TRUMP VS THE GLOBALIST'S TERRORIST FEDERAL RESERVE https://t.co/iMHBLBm526 via @YouTube
Everybody thinks their smarter then this President, including the field of elite Republicans and Democrats who ran for President whom POTUS defeated one and all quite handily. 		He Trumped every one of them single handily. Yet they think they’re smarter. WTP smarter then them.
Mattis was a hero on the outside but a squealing coward inside. He thought his judgment to be above POTUS dispute all evidence to the contrary. He has taken sides with the globalist in his actions at departure. His behavior is disgraceful and an attempt to undermine a POTUS.
Bill O’Reilly is not that smart.  He sells nuanced hyperbole which may get him attention and a sense of self relevance but actually misleads his listeners time and time again.  Very sad waist. 		Mattis betrayed POTUS Trump. A horrible stupid traitor.
Bill O’Reilly wrong on Mattis. Mattis is loyal to his military education above all things. He slighted POTUS on the way out. Arrogant, foolish and another globalist sycophant traitor. 		Bill O'Reilly Reacts to James Mattis' Resignation https://t.co/V08iOJf7nD via @YouTube
@realDonaldTrump Most of the government people not getting paid are Democrats and deep state conducting obstruction. Now you have them tied up in knots. A thing of beauty. 		Keep them out as long as possible permanently.  They can’t do as much damage that way. They are termites eating away at US
Christian let your light shine. Now is the time.		Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.  Matthew 5:16
Blood is scientifically known to be made of light.  The blood of Jesus who is God burst through his burial shroud at his resurrection when his spirit returned to his body from Sheol. His body was dead but his blood was alive because you can not smother the light, only hide it
Heaven is the Kingdom that shines the light of God. There is no night in heaven. There is no darkness where everything is revealed where the streets a paved with pure transparent gold. Jesus is the light of God and the light of the Father. If we are in him we are in the light.
We must be in the light to live eternally. Your blood is made of light. But in Hell it is darkness and the blood can not live. The spirit can never find a living body to occupy in the darkness of hell because it takes blood to keep a body alive. Any body.
When we humble ourselves to God whom we do not even begin to compare to in mainstay and glory, he then takes mercy on us and opens an inheritance to us. It is salvation and eternal life. Separation from death in body and soul. Without God we can not be alive eternally.
Abraham’s son Isaac was humble like his father Abraham but Ishmael the son of his wife Hagar was not humble but rather haughty. She tried to usurp Abraham’s first wife by bearing his first born Ishmael.
Hagar tried to become the senior wife of Abraham for her son to thus become the inheritance of Abraham and the Blessing of God. But God had promised Abraham the blessing through Sara who humbled herself so God called her Sarah.
Abraham also humbled himself and followed God. So did Moses. 		His son Ishmael did not. Satan does not and to this day is arrogant and without mercy. Yet what man can lack mercy when God has been merciful to man? Jesus shed his blood because of his mercy for us.
Mankind are the brothers and sisters of Jesus Christ to be made equal to him, yet we shall always love and serve him the one who redeemed us from our fallen selves into sin.  		Romans 3:23 King 		23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;
Why did God offer forgiveness to man but not the fallen angels who occupy thrones and dominions even today even though the fallen angels begged for forgiveness. 		It is because man was created in the full image of God and Adam humbled himself. The angels did not.
You ask, “What about Satan and the powers of dark places? Did God create them too?”		The answer is, yes he did but they were created perfect and with a free will which not unlike man they chose to rebellious action. But the creation is always weaker then the creator by design
“For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:”	Colossians 1:16 KJV https://t.co/i7XABnO2Q2
@ChuckCallesto Jimmy Kimmel is a sexual predator and a pedophile. What else would he be expected to spew.
@ChuckCallesto Jimmy Kimmel spreding hate propaganda to the sheeple. Patriots aren’t mislead by the nose.
President Trump &amp; Melania Surprise Troops in Iraq Combat Zone- Secret vi... https://t.co/Ap5A3pVtjn 		Watch this. Watch children being rescued from a cursed destiny of child slavery sex and smut trafficking. Then you will know why POTUS Wwent there
Make no mistake our borders are already extremely physically porous but not as much legally so		Step by step the borders must be secured. Physically with a wall. Tunnels eliminated, container ships, tourist visas for tourist who never return, and finely, Legal immigration reform
The migrant caravan of illegals is a psychological as well as physical invasion designed to eliminate US borders initially. 		This ultimately is yet another pretext for adopting the UN NWO OWG as a global solution for open borders		Open borders, marriages, genders, churches etc
The border wall is a must for national security on many levels from preventing crime, illegal drugs as well as medicines, but also for US financial and economic security.  And for securing the concept of national borders		The tunnels are a threat in hiding. Did they get permits?
These massive tunnels in turn branch out into hundreds of smaller tunnels. They are used to smuggle anything and everything. They are planned for the use of UN troops who are to appear and disappear when the globalist takedown of the USA is to commence.
Journey of a tunnel boring machine https://t.co/H36lgWN9Hy via @YouTube		Giant Boring machines have made massive tunnels between Canada and Washington state along the border from Seattle Eastward.  These are being plugged by US military.
Big Bertha -- world's largest tunnel boring machine -- facing big Seattl... https://t.co/18LeN0LPhV 		The migrant caravan of illegals was an above ground CIA political PSYWAR to destroy the US borders in “Concept”		Underground traffic is heavy. No fence climbing needed
Meet Crossrail's giant tunnelling machines https://t.co/iB1knJ9ia4 via 		Giant Boring machines normally used to make water aqueducts, industrial and military tunnels are deployed in Mexico Boring huge tunnels benieth the mountains deep into the USA.
@LovToRideMyTrek @9975Ts @gatewaypundit Giant boring machines procured by the drug cartel through George Soros making tunnels underneath the mountains of Sierra Madre Occidental mountain range, detected by National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) revealed by whistle blowers. Will MSM report this?
@iheartmindy @danhill2011 @realDonaldTrump Fire the NEA. Shut down all federal funding for public schools. 		Communities can form their own private schools. It’s the only way to get a good education and stop the many public school evils of leftist communist &amp; LBGT agendas.
RT @gatewaypundit: Speaker Ryan Said He Would Never Support President Trump and He Never Has - Now We Know His Office Was Also Pushing Fake…
@Crashingtv Once upon a time a real man would get out and help rather then recording and laughing.  Not helping is a form of insanity.
RT @AngeleStar11: https://t.co/vFTp9tInDP
RT @mitchellvii: Oh shut up @brithume, you #NeverTrump hack.  Get ready for 6 more years of President Trump.  What's lacking character is F…
RT @MarkGeistSWP: I’ve been asked what I think about @realDonaldTrump pulling troops out of Syria? I support his decision. I have not seen…
RT @LisaMei62: Twitter clearly filters positive replies to @realDonaldTrump's tweets &amp; leaves mostly hateful, unhinged snowflakes' replies…
RT @JerryDunleavy: Not sure how I never saw this before.		Christmas Eve. 50 years ago.		The crew of Apollo 8 sends a message to all the peo…
RT @Change_Britain: What will the UK economy look like in ten years? The Chief Economist at Germany's largest bank, Deutsche Bank, says tha…
RT @slacker_ga01: Swedish Doctor of Theology: Islamism is evil and it’s time we change our attitude	I have to say I agree with her, its evi…
RT @annvandersteel: Admiral Mike Rogers for #SecDef !! 		We need a new tactical approach to managing wars around the world. 		Sea, Air and…
@CNBC @CNBCMakeIt Buying a home is almost always the best investment a person will make over their lifetime. Having a home mortgage free priceless.
RT @WhiteHouse: Merry Christmas from President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS! https://t.co/DDITJDxDaI
@BreitbartNews Clare McCaskill was living the easy life along with most of the Dem and RINO’s in D.C.  		Of course she hates Trump who’s coat tails swept her aside for Republican Josh Hawley by six points.		It’s hate gossip. Hate is all they’ve got.
@BreitbartNews Clare McCaskill says Josh Hawley is nuts. 		Establishment politicians, more then POTUS Trump, hate his success.		They hate loosing the easy money influence status quo game in DC that was making them Rich.		None have ever seen anyone accomplish so much in DC
RT @realDonaldTrump: Merry Christmas!
@JackPosobiec If leftist think euthanasia is okay then they shouldn’t have a problem with euthanizing pedophiles. After all what is humane to them can only be humane when applied to other areas. 		We don’t want to Execute pedophiles, just euthanize them away humanely.
@Colttech @JackPosobiec The leftist are fond of euthanasia. Well euthanasia is a humane way to eliminate pedophiles from doing future damage to society and them selves		They want to euthanize grandma and grandpa when they catch a cold. Evil.		Euthanize pedophiles. A humane solution.
@JackPosobiec Painless euthanasia for pedophiles is the only solution. 		Leftist in Belgium are euthanizing children with terminal diseases. This is abhorrent		Euthanasia for pedophiles is a mercy homicide to them and the society they victimize		Euthanize pedophiles gently
@JackPosobiec Pedophiles are sick, incurable,destroy every child they touch for life. 		Pedophiles need to be euthanized to end their suffering and the suffering they inflict on children, their siblings and parents.		You Leftist want euthanasia, well we finely agree on one
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul You can not learn to be a successful businessman in school. Schools can teach you the essential nuts and bolts of business but against their claims they can’t teach you how to successfully employ them.  Only success and failure imbue that if your tough enough
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul Generals are trained to fight and destroy the enemy while minimizing troop and collateral civilian casualties. They’re good at that.  It’s a big field encompassing many disciplines. 		But in the age of currency and trade wars they lack experience.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS 		Merry Christmas Mr. President and First Lady. Stay snug. “Baby it’s cold outside”. https://t.co/1YMdaHYeHz
@ChuckCallesto @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 		SCOTUS and Congress were designed by the Framers to operate at a slow pace while the Executive Branch is empowered to act with immediate effect.		No matter what they do POTUS has the upper hand now. Thank God it’s Trump not HRC.
@ChuckCallesto Well if Pelosi and Schumer plunge the USA into Chaos then POTUS Trump will bring about a beautiful new US Constitutional order of it all.  This will be a grand opportunity to see the Wise ole US Constitution in action.
@realDonaldTrump Republican Senators need to return and vote.
@realDonaldTrump Most of the Federal government if not all of it is deep state. Keep it shut until all the pay checks stop. They’re hurting us		Keep ICE, Caost Gurad, ATC and other vitals. Conscript essential gov to military to keep lid if necessary. Offer back pay as bonus.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Today, it was my honor to sign into law H.R. 7213, the “Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018.” The Act r…
@realDonaldTrump The globalist knew we would be there fore as long as it took to break the USA into bankruptcy sonthey could have their thousand points of light, Spirit cooking NWO OWG. 		Thanks for ending this.
@realDonaldTrump That was the greatest election win of all time.
@realDonaldTrump Let’s build up our military, not everyone else’s so they can continue their feuds with their neighbors while we pour money and arms into both sides.
@realDonaldTrump We The People are celebrating your decision. We know that re allocating money and resources away from waist and corporate defense welfare will make our military exponentially stronger, more powerful then ever while at the same time ending the cash freakin.
@realDonaldTrump The wall worked wonders in Israel.		We The People love that wall.
@realDonaldTrump Your leadership is helping to heal our nation. Thank you.
@realDonaldTrump Bob Corker, shifty liar. Just another politician opportunist looting America. They had us on our knees. Thanks Mr. President for the helping hand. We’re back on our feet now.
@realDonaldTrump We The People know Bob Corker is a stuck up slime opportunist. He’s afraid his betrayal may link him to Uranium One and other acts of treason. 		He will need plenty of sunscreen down in GITMO if We The People have our way.
@RandPaul We need to get our military out of the never ending feuding between their neighbors. Without our money and weapons their feuding wouldn’t last. They would learn to settle their differences. Their money exhausted they would go back to work &amp; building
RT @realDonaldTrump: “It should not be the job of America to replace regimes around the world. This is what President Trump recognized in I…
@realDonaldTrump Yeah but We The People are annoyed with Mitch for not going nuclear. He should know how right you are and put whatever political idealism aside and just do what is right. Maybe he will come around on this critical issue. He should support you 100%.
@realDonaldTrump True. It’s very transparent. We The People know. We all see it. We know what your enduring and We see you’re un phased and holding up well, gaining more ground every day.		The Wall is rising and stopping crime already.
RT @realDonaldTrump: “The President has been remarkable. I do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment, and he will be a const…
@realDonaldTrump @RT_Erdogan Excellent. Funny how the Democrats are suddenly war hawks?  Against war when told to obstruct, for war when told to obstruct. For the wall against the wall.  		The Democrats and RINO’s are lawyers who have no principles or morals much less love of country.
@realDonaldTrump We Know POTUS Bill Clinton was still molesting Page and interns in the 90’s. Some things never change until some one decides to end it. 		Thank you for leadership. Smart people follow a good leader. The rest whine and curse. We The People r with you😀
@realDonaldTrump Democrats just do what they are told to do by the Globalist via Soros.  		Are they still up on the Hill doing cocain and molesting Page boys and girls like they were doing in the 70’s when they got caught in the Page scandal? MSM Washington correspondents?
@realDonaldTrump Without US they collapse. It’s time to make them all stand on their own feet.  Without our money they wouldn’t have money to fight their neighbors.
@realDonaldTrump Generals go to one war school and one poly science school after another hanging Doctorate degrees on the office wall.  Unfortunately many become brain washed out of thinking. They just stick to what they were told by Globalist.  Good ones are a treasure
@Pmsmithvt @realDonaldTrump @POTUS You work in day care?  How does this relate?
@realDonaldTrump What a scene that must have been. A crime scene out of a Batman movie that could only be believed on the big screen. Surreal horror.  How about the box with computer codes for missile guidance, and the box of chocolates from Obama? 		How could it be?
@realDonaldTrump The Fed has their noses buried in old dusty text books that globalist wrote in the 1950’s and onward, adding one flawed chapter after another. Their lobbyist progressively enacted strangulation to US growth and prosperity.		Thank you for cutting US loose👍
@realDonaldTrump Beautiful. We The People have a feeling a Wall is going up and it’s even bigger then the one around Nancy Pelosi’s house! 		Maybe that’s why she’s against our wall, she’s jealous. 👍😀
@realDonaldTrump Business and getting things done in a beautiful setting! We’re with you Mr. President. 		There isn’t a moment when We The People aren’t there with you thinking of you with well wishes and prayers for you. 		Feels more like Christmas this year!
Merry Christmas to We The Merry People. Love to all. https://t.co/w6yN8O4ry3
@FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @NoradSanta Fun times and a very Merry Christmas in the White House! 		Beautiful warm fire place!		Fun, fun, fun, Funtastic!
@lori024 @realDonaldTrump “God, you have the intellect of a middle schooler at best.  Cut and run.”  		Teacher,		How manymiddle school child billionaires do you know who never ran for office but ran for POTUS and won first time out?		Maybe It takes a very high IQ to comprehend genius?
Lots of people now posing as Christians on Twitter. They are not. Many now infiltrating the mega churches in order to finish the Satanic work that Satan has begun with mega hypocrisy pastor wolves in sheep’s clothing. Believers beware. Be ready
@MarkDice @michaelstrahan @GMA LGBT is the black plague. MSM, Good Morning America is full on Satanic.
RT @MarkDice: This child’s parents need to be arrested for child abuse, and @michaelstrahan indicted for child exploitation for hosting thi…
@JackPosobiec LGBT politics is a globalist Satanic plague on the fabric of American families.
RT @JackPosobiec: Pedophiles are rebranding themselves as “MAPs” or “Minor Attracted Persons” in an effort to be included into the LGBT com…
RT @SCTeamTrump: RT @realDonaldTrump: Saudi Arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild Syria, instead of the…
RT @gaye_gallops: LIARS...LIARS...LIARS!		In Jan. 2017 RUTHLESS RYAN AND MUSHY MITCH “PROMISED” to pass funding of $12-$15B TO FUND a Borde…
@petluvers4Trump @samelmo1 Deep state Comey Obama Soros engineered anarchy. Jihad is on our shores and escalating while cowardly sycophant police chiefs  so chosen for their groveling ways by Muslim city councils invite slaughter and blood shed for 1st Amendment Christian free speech.
@JohnCornyn @Ginnyabaker Keep the government shut down. It’s all deep state anyways. Fire the FBI and DOJ. No back pay, after all they aren’t going to work are they?		Military pay stays. Folks who work through the shutdown should get back pay if they actually work.
RT @tigerreborn: #YellowDance – #Ireland's #YellowVests Irish danced outside #Dublin's historic #GPO in solidarity with #French #giletsjaun…
RT @culttture: How to Say "Merry Christmas" in Chinese and Why it's Pretty Cool, with @JackPosobiec 		Guest starring Baby Posobiec, who's m…
RT @yogagenie: Why We Know That Congressional Democrats Are Betraying Us On The Border Wall https://t.co/reMObBXnMt
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Solid point. https://t.co/p6jb2VFuCw
@askthe_q @alilandow @garboy4 @Comey Satan claimed to be a Christian too. Comey believes Lucifer is God. When he uses God’s word to do the Devils work he is commiting blasphemy against the Holy Spirit. He is eternally dead.  He let himself go to far long ago. To late for Comey.
Mattis was Obstructing POTUS Trump, playing politics above his pay grade. Foolish defiance just like Admiral Mcraven.		Durbin and RINO Toomey call out Trump for troop withdrawal, Mattis resignation | Fox News https://t.co/yAY2Cx9Fbu
@SoniaPernetti_ liar Comey who quotes Bible verses just as Satan did, to do Satan’s evil work, is a classic example of blasphemy, otherwise known as the unpardonable sin. The man is eternally doomed.
@SoniaPernetti_ they can repent at GITMO with a rope around their necks.
@SoniaPernetti_ only if they repent. Do we see anyone of the traitors repenting yet? 		Grace and Forgiveness are real but confession and repentance is required to gain forgiveness. They need to know that.		Pedophiles and child murderers don’t give up.
Jonathan Cahn — DONALD TRUMP IS THE HARBINGER https://t.co/B1eRKYpBTM via @YouTube
@1sland2 @dp_linzo @askthe_q @alilandow @garboy4 @Comey And all who don’t repent won’t  be forgiven. Some go to far. They blaspheme the Holy Spirit. They just as Sodom and Gomorrah are reprobate and irredeemable. In the mean time they are our problem unless we repent and pray.
@HuskrNo1 @Comey Hey Comey, Yer fired! Hahahahaha
@StevenOrlando87 @HuskrNo1 @Comey “When the shutdown is completed” the world may look very different.
Pundits on Fox and the rest of MSM in typical Alinski fashion are saying “Trump is fighting the Fed.” Wrong the Fed is fighting him. Trump is hitting back		Trump blames Fed for market dive: ‘The only problem our economy has’ | Fox News https://t.co/W4bCukN7fi
'FOX News Sunday' Panel: How Much Trouble Is Trump Presidency In? | Video | RealClearPolitics		Fox News turning coward on Trump.  Everyone pulling back for lack of knowledge and wisdom.	 https://t.co/6BHb91bTbI
Mueller SC agents have interviewed Christie. He is now doing a Michael Cohen act. 		Donald Trump is set in his ways just like your ’72-year-old relative,' Chris Christie argues. - https://t.co/i0D0tK7MPW https://t.co/RJ9ROddLps
@ChuckCallesto Repeal and replace the establishment elites. All of them. Replace with young University grads from Liberty University and other like minded Christian universities.
@ChuckCallesto @realDonaldTrump look who Mueller has been interviewing!  Christie is another Cohen. Amazing how well camouflaged these chameleons have been. 		Christy is a Vatican influences agent. A reluctant yet ardent sycophant. 		Are there any good folks left?
@ThisWeekABC @realDonaldTrump Chris Christie is an idiot and look how these people turn on Trump for basically the same reason. They are taking sides with the globalist establishment having written off the Trump Presidency.  Wrong call. They’ve placed loosing bets.
@RealMattCouch To bad Seth Rich has deep state parents.
@_AAED @Comey He can’t
@HuskrNo1 @Comey But it may not turn out the same way as in the past. POTUS Trump has a different plan. It’s not the same one as has been foisted on US in the past like an old worn out insiders joke.
@BernieSandner @Comey @davidhogg111 This might not turn out the way everybody thinks. It might not turn out the way it always has in the past. POTUS May have a different game plan then the one we’ve seen run over and over agin in the past.
@BernieSandner @Comey @davidhogg111 Maybe not
RT @im_no_snowflake: @Comey I’ve survived 19 shutdowns in my lifetime.  I’m still here!!!  And this is the most important shutdown , for a…
@garboy4 @Comey Comey doesn’t believe in Jesus and wants Christmas abolished from the public square. He does like Pizza and dressing up like Howdy Dooty. 		A nice thought to wish him a merry Christmas though. He cant Waite to celebrate Halloween though.
@Comey Comey you sit on multiple deep state corporate boards of the globalist military industrial complex and have made some $100million dollars monetizing your FBI Director position. Cashing in still We know you actually don’t give a damn about FBI not being paid.
@Comey Comey your sanctimonious BS is transparent. We The People knownyou tell tall lies. We can’t wait to see you in GITMO. Get ready to meet your maker and it’s not Lucifer but you will get to meet him too. We don’t give a damn about anything you say you idiot.
RT @pinkk9lover: Yes , it’s #SchumerChristmasShutdown  2. I know our #BestPresidentEver will take responsibility,  but we all know why it h…
@realDonaldTrump You are all alone in the White House but every single one of us who actually love our USA are with  you in spirit and in prayers for you and your family and staff.		Merry Christmas to you and your beautiful smiling wife. Together we all are winning.
@realDonaldTrump You are all alone in the White House instead of at home with your family. We respect your leadership and the fact that you are no hypocrite unlike Pelosi and scum Schumer who can’t even look you in the eye when they Obstruct a wall that they once voted for.
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am all alone (poor me) in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately need…
The Alex Jones Learn the real reason why Trump withdraws troops from Syr... https://t.co/lo2VeoF83A via @YouTube
If you want to be activist now is your chance. Jim Cramer tries. While some of you throw rocks at him. Activism is a big globalist lie. You should know. U promote global warming and every other fake activist lie but are afraid to be activist of the truth.
Tell the truth and get fired even ruined and persecuted like whistle blowers do, like General Mike Flynn has. Or keep hiding the truth thus allowing the USA to be pushed over the cliff into globalist hell and their hopes for totalitarian NWO OWG.
And you talking heads by hiding behind obstruction are just as guilty of driving the USA, the largest economy in the world, twice over #2 China, over the edge which would pull the whole world with it. You are stupid, arrogant, self entitled fools.
It’s a globular pincher made possible only by talking heads on globalist tv and communist Bloomberg who avoid speaking the obvious. You don’t dare point out the dichotomy because ur short sighted. U value your tv careers more then the USA.
Yellen was raising like a stupid fool. So POTUS got rid of the bitch brought in Powell who agreed to hold. But Powell just like Jeff Sessions immediately set out to Betray POTUS and We The People. Amazing Fed raising while market sells off talking recession
Globalist have driven the USA to the brink while killing the global economy. You love the word “Disruption”. Well We The People love Political Disruption sonWe voted for Trump whom we Love. But now u suddenly don’t like disruption? It is needed badly and Now.
Booming economy, low unemployment but u guys expressed doubts every day and feigned hand wringing on tv just to keep ur careers on track.  You constantly expressed doubt about POTUS fighting back on trade agreements that were running the US toward BK. Wow!
Where will run of the mill CNBC pundits go if you guys talk the markets into this bear market, next recession, next global financial lock up next Kim jung Un next global calamity melt down. Oh that won’t happen you say? Really?  Better start speaking ur mind
Quit playing games. Get real. I better start taking care of the USA. Your words better start speaking the obvious truth. Or are you afraid  of being booted off CNBC? Which is more important, your careers or the USA? Where will you live if the markets collapse
U guys talked yourselves into a bear market opening the talking points to impending recession. And this, before a real Main St and global economic recovery ever got started.  POTUS has provided Fiscal that Bernanke and Yellen cried about yet Powell obstructs
@CNBC @SquawkCNBC @MelissaLeeCNBC @SullyCNBC @CNBCnow @ScottWapnerCNBC @CNBCFastMoney 		Everyone complains about uncertainty but it comes from Fed and Wall St Obstruction of POTUS tailwinds being blanked by fake recession fears even as the Fed raises
Shut your mouths or it’s GITMO soon for you, you idiots.
RT @RealMattCouch: DOJ Refuses to Release Records on Former DNC Staffer Seth Rich https://t.co/lNK2hQrxDw
So now the bank CEO’s who’s every word is being listened to and recorded don’t know what to do. Jump in the Gulfstreams and meet over seas. Nope, they are being followed, tracked every second of every minute of every hour of every day. Shut your mouths.
HRC called her email server Satanist Aleister Crowley. HRC honors Satanist Alinski who in turn writes in the forward of his book a tribute to Lucifer.  Bill and HRC globalism is based upon these beliefs. And you follow to justify sexual immorality?
When you appoint academic professors to positions that require wisdom then you are on the road to destruction brought about by fools. The Fed and Wall St are the blind leading the blind under the control of Luciferian adherence such as openly HRC
Wall St. has long abandoned the American people. They along with the Federal Reserve bankers have sold We The People out and We are now in very real and present danger and global calamity thanks to sycophant academicians who know nothing &amp; believe everything
The global reserve dollar was established through two world wars and upon the fact that it has never defaulted thus the good faith and trust of the world. This allows the $ to stabilize global economies. Allowing the Stupid Fed to obstruct = ☢️🔥
A US Treasury default would be the Bankruptcy of the USA accompanied by mass hysteria under dollar devaluation X 100 ie Brazil and other bankrupt sovereigns. Then every sovereign pulls out their guns and shoots their neighbor. Nuclear ☢️🔥
Who thinks a USA corporate style bankruptcy would be a good thing?		Answer, Goldman Sachs, the Fed Reserve for profit globalist “Franchise”, Fed suck up Steve Leisman of CNBC and every other weak sycophant. It would be the end of the world. Nuke 🔥
Yellen raised which Was Obstruction. POTUS brought J. Powell in to reverse Fed Obstruction. They had a conversation. Powell agreed to hold as the right policy to support POTUS Fiscal reform which Bernanke and Yellen were fond of blaming. Powell betrayed POTUS
The bank CEO’s will not tell and will not dare leak what Mnuchin said to them as it was made clear that they would be removed and replaced.		Declassification of the whole truth ends the deep state. It’s POTUS Trump’s Ace. Sycophants Cooperate or else ur done.
Everyone running around on globalist CNBC and Communist Bloomberg asking why Mnuchin called the bank CEO’s?		Do u want to know the real reason?		He told them Stop the Fed obstruction or POTUS will seize you. But clever lying CNBC won’t hunt at the truth.
CNBC taking heads Steve Leisman and others are asking rhetorically why Mnuchin called bank CEO’s when there is no liquidity crisis. The rhetorical question is designed to throw u off. Then he spins you away from facts and truth. Good Jew 99% bad 1%.
Did POTUS G.W. Bush and Obama seize the Banks in 2007-2008? Lehman Brothers, Citi, You’re a Lynch, WAMU?  Did they dictate buy outs? 		Did Obama seize G.M.?  		You guys know nothing. Even worse you do not care about US. Only your ease and luxury on Our tab.
You idiots have sown the wind and you shall reap the whirlwind.		Hosea 8:7		For they have sown the wind, and they shall reap the whirlwind: it hath no stalk: the bud shall yield no meal: if so be it yield, the strangers shall swallow it up.
POTUS Trump is ready to DECLASSIFY at the moment of MAXIMUM IMPACT and you homo sychophants sex climbers are about to serve up this opportunity to be rid of you all. Back to waiting tables for you all who manage to escape prison. Wikileaks and POTUS have U
You idiots were buying bonds cheap. Guess what that didn’t help the GM Bond holders when GM was seized.  POTUS Trump has done his advance homework and he is prepared to act to defend the USA against Fed and Wall St OBSTRUCTION COLLUSION TREASON.
There’s nothing that the Senate or House can do if POTUS Trump seizes Banks just as G.W. Bush did at the end of his term when he brought Johney Walker Black Hank Paulson in, and which Obama proceeded to enforce		Your Bonds are not safe either from seizure
Munchin told bank CEO’s to “STOP THE OBSTRUCTION” because the USA will not survive a recession. 		Shame on U foolish Wall St. paper pushers. You live on IRA, 401K inflows, and that makes you geniuses? 		“The Wall” and social activism is not your job stupids
Munchin told 11 Bank CEO’s to tell Powell to back off, or if we slip into recession POTUS will seize the banks just as Hank Paulson did. 		Treasury Sec Mnuchin Calls Banks, Plans Markets' Committee Monday - TheStreet https://t.co/vxMSDl6L3F
Ibrahim knows more about the global financial markets then anyone reading this post besides but perhaps on par with POTUS 		Soros also knows but he is evil. U paper pushers Wall St run money to China still for their life support. Shameful betrayal of humanity
RT @ibrahim_201777: ⁦⁦@SquawkCNBC⁩ ⁦@CNBC⁩		Well Sycophants you talked yourself into a recession because you hate MAGA. Ibrahim warned you…
⁦⁦@SquawkCNBC⁩ ⁦@CNBC⁩		Well Sycophants you talked yourself into a recession because you hate MAGA. Ibrahim warned you the first time Powell raised. 		El-Erian stunned by recession talk, warns of self-fulfilling prophecy https://t.co/iaCes97gnz
Bill told Hillary to run as a solution to the drop off in Foundation donations. The Clintons are still receiving donations in over seas accounts including China		Hillary Clinton supporters in NH don’t buy the idea of another run https://t.co/nvEky3OZDq
After pushback, Trump describes pullout from Syria as ‘slow  https://t.co/Yl9IgFlZ1V
Rand Paul: 'Very proud' of Trump for Syria withdrawal - CNNPolitics https://t.co/3qmG6XDasI
Mulvaney: Trump's Syria Withdrawal Hated By Officials, But 'Ordinary' People Love It! | HuffPost https://t.co/oFd2YwURSX
Seniors banned from saying 'Merry Christmas' - WND https://t.co/45Fj6uYLEM via @worldnetdaily
@kilmeade @_KimAFoster @realDonaldTrump Brian Kilmeade, stop listening to Vatican agent anti Trump Judge Nap.  He put a bug in your ear.
@kilmeade @_KimAFoster @realDonaldTrump Criminal actions of the UN, USA via Obama/John McCain’s war hungry creation of ISIS combined to massacre Christians driving those who survived out of their home land.  The US presence in Syria coupled with a leftist led US Military only adding fuel to the fire
@kilmeade @_KimAFoster @realDonaldTrump Christians have been almost completely driven out of Syria. Let the Russians defend the few remaining no holds barred because that is the only path to a good outcome		The UN, Europe and the world including the USA shadow gov acted in ways that destroyed Syria
@kilmeade @_KimAFoster @realDonaldTrump Hey Kilmeade, what is more important, trying to take sides against two warring factions or securing the USA border physically and philosophically. The wall is more then physical matter. It is a concept as well. One more important then settling fueds overseas
@kilmeade @_KimAFoster @realDonaldTrump Briann Kilmeade who put a bug in your ear? Slow down. Sit in the back row for a few minutes. You will see more. Take time to think and reflect. Before jumping to knee jerk criticisms based upon flawed globalist paradigms think about how POTUS got to be POTUS.
@kilmeade @realDonaldTrump Hey Brian Kilmeade, did you think POTUS Trump could win the election?  Could we say POTUS is a disrupter and as such unconventional? 		Is it possible that a disrupter of the globalist status quo might produce success which doesn’t make sense until u see it?
@kilmeade @realDonaldTrump Did you give POTUS advice on how to win an election? Was it a conventional win?		Syria is UN conventional. We are in a geoploitical landscape that is upside down unconventional		Putting things back up right against the scene today will look upsidedown
@kilmeade @realDonaldTrump POTUS Trump has a picture to big for Brian Kilmeade to see. Their are many influences and outcomes that POTUS has configured into an algorithm sinewave path to US and Global success. And isn’t this what made his success a billion times more then yours?
@kilmeade @realDonaldTrump Brian We The People love your support for POTUS Trump but your thinking on this one is way above your pay grade. Look up in the sky at our universe and realize that the geopolitical fixed opinions are a black hole that you can not see the USA to destruction.
@realDonaldTrump Mattis was a good General but doesn’t know how to make a good deal. Being a competent POTUS is way above the pay grade and capabilities of a General in this day of Currency and trade wars.		Leaving Syria is wise. So is fighting back against a trade war.
Banning Seniors from expressing their religious beliefs in their own homes and communities is cruel persecution. These people were persecuted, were denied their 1st Amendment rights.		But porn, radical Islam, deviant behaviors, anti USA media flourishes
Amazing Twitter AI designed to eliminate potential followers who agree with certain Tweeters. AI can now disconnect like minded people just as easily as it can connect like minded people.		Twitter AI being used to disconnect conservatives and connect leftist
@CB618444 @1903guy @RepGutierrez Thank God that America is blessed with strong smart women who stand by their love of We The People and our one of a kind nation which cherishes Freedom, responsibility for self and defending and helping those when they need it.		No greater woman then American
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill For the USA to pump Trillions of $ into other people’s arguments born of arrogance and judging thy neighbor is a fools investment. An errand to bankruptcy		Withdraw to success at home. Success furls envy &amp; optimism thus redirecting sovereigns to construction
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill Let sovereign neighbors fight it out at their own expense. Their resources are limited in corrupt economies which can barely support themselves. Their wars won’t last long and they may come to find mutual humility leading to mutual respect and cooperation.
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill The US can no longer AFFORD to fight every nation’s war with their neighboring rivals. Let them settle their OWN differences at their OWN Costs rather then Fuel their differences and hatred for one another with Blood and Treasure spilled from We The People.
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill It’s now time to shift out of the Industrial Military paradigm of an omnipresent active military occupation force across the globe,. Technology vastly reduces the need to station man power &amp;hardware globally at a cost no longer providing the economic dividend
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill General Mad Dog specialized in winning wars by applying maximum intelligent force minimizing troop and collateral casualties. Complicated applications of expertise yet a micro not macro field encompassing much more then military expertise and global interface
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill Generals, Admirals, Academic Professors, Scientist, experts in every field lack the broader experience feed back loop of success &amp; failures which forge vision drive, flexable agility to steer the course on a path of consistent success.
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill Socialism and communism is a zero sum pie devoured by a few who manage to disenfranchise the people. 		The experienced successful businessman who has managed every area of expertise encompassing every specialty has the ability to direct a path to success.
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill A successful business man with experience combining, directing forging paths that work, produces growth, economic stability. For the most part removing restrictions and obstacles that restrain and retard progress come from a broader vision encompassing all
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill Generals &amp;Admirals are specialist in delivering warfare for decisive victory. They are not Businessmen nor are Economist who really are only good for measuring but not applying metrics into forging policies that produce growth outcomes. Growth is what we seek
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill Very few can fully comprehend all the gears which have to come together to have a humming global economy that prospers all the people and not just a few. 		The gears are finance, economics, political &amp; military now locked in a log jam by design to sink US
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill The idea that the USA can run around the world like a chicken with its head cut off pumping blood and treasure out of the body of the nation is one only enjoyed by the globalist foxes.		Roosting birds next but for Farmer Trump turning the lights on.
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill Nations of long lasting  friendship with proven actions demonstrating true American alliance will stand strong. 		But those who vote against US, abuse our good will with trade barriers draining our treasury through deficits &amp; theft it’s goodbye
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill The notion that the USA must occupy every region of the world in order to be the policemen of the world is a modern myth. The peace post WW II dividend has been exhausted into a new paradigm.		It’s now time to withdraw until called in earnest to return.
@Wyn_17_45 @17Thanq @thehill “there was a big fox in the hen house for eight long years. Eight long years for people like Brennan, Hillary, Kerry, Clapper, Comey and Jarrett to really hurt us regarding our safety and security.”		No my friend, there were many foxes from JFK on until Trump
@bbusa617 @jpyoung27 Their names should be listed on every tragic story of children, mothers and fathers, women and men, police officers slain by illegal aliens. 		These names need be posted as a reminder each time a tragedy of their making occurs Until the Wall is built.
@bbusa617 @jpyoung27 There’s your list of globalist communist allied with Soros. These people are insane, fools, phonies, not fit to hold office and worse they betray US.
@bbusa617 @jpyoung27 And they all accepted campaign contributions from Soros related funds.
Seniors banned from saying 'Merry Christmas' - WND https://t.co/060YIyJgk8 via @worldnetdaily
Expect the gov shut down to last and increase to a higher percentage of workers in the New Year. 	https://t.co/SV5YxGgnAB @CNBC
@CNBC Exactly what the “GLOBALIST FEDERAL RESERVE” J. Powel and company want. They want to FORCE a deep recession if not a full scale Depression to Blame on POTUS Trump.		It’s not just about Democrats maintains control either as Fox would have you believe.
RT @lancewallnau: Let’s get clear. Believers who didn’t vote or voted Democrat said YES to:		90% of all heroin coming across the border, wi…
@LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump That’s what they are. Creeps.
@realDonaldTrump Thank you for being a leader and thank you for your service to our great country.		You put US and the business of our beloved country first, unlike other Presidents. We The People notice and We appreciate it.		Merry Christmas 🎄 in the White House.
@BreitbartNews Hey Lebron, get a clue. All globalist corporations view their employees and contractors as slaves. Jeff Bezos founder of https://t.co/z7vWWINhy4 and WP owner. 		You attribute everything to race. Guess what whites are effected too.
@BreitbartNews @LebronJamesFC Hey Lenron, you sound like a cry baby. 		Go start your own football league. Let US guess. Will it be all black and no whites allowed? No Jews allowed? 		You want a team given to you?		For a guy who has a lot Lebron sure cries a lot.
@BreitbartNews Why don’t they just go start their own football league? 		His views do not represent all black players		Fellow  black players who don’t kneel and don’t cry and complain bargain through their agents just like the rest regardless of color.
RT @BreitbartNews: https://t.co/ks1fc5VTVg
@ActuelleRealite Let the socialist crazies take your 2nd Amendment away and this is what you get.
RT @ibrahim_201777: @ActuelleRealite Somebody find those men and end this. Europeans are cowards. Where is your underground? You people are…
@TheNoahRing Mattis was a good General but doesn’t know how to make a good deal. Being a competent POTUS is way above the pay grade and capabilities of a General in this day of Currency and trade wars.		Leaving Syria is wise. So is fighting back against a trade war.
@RyanAFournier Keep the Government shut down. It’s all deep state anyway. They do nothing but obstruct the USA. 		25% wont get pay checks. Then after Feb 8 - March most gov won’t get pay checks. 		The States do all the real work anyways. 		DOD stays active with pay.
@GOPChairwoman They will stick with Schumer and so will Mitch McConnel. You see, Mitch McConnel doesn’t work for We The People. He works for the Globalist and Nazi Mueller. 		So does the judge in the General Flynn sentencing. 		POTUS is surrounded by cowards and traitors.
@realDonaldTrump So some idiot is buying ladders to climb over the wall.  Looks like rows of razor wire or other defense is needed.
@ActuelleRealite Somebody find those men and end this. Europeans are cowards. Where is your underground? You people are selfish and do not care for your own.  Look back at WW II. This woman is a Jew so you do nothing. 		Form your underground and hold leaders accountable.
@ActuelleRealite It’s an invasion. To bad it wasn’t Hitler’s daughter Angela Merkel.		POTUS Trump will stop this. 		Let’s face it, this is what to much tolerance brings.
@ActuelleRealite Do we see what happens to leftist socialist societies who don’t believe in guns and want to have yours taken away. Police should be authorized to use deadly force on sight for every man there. 		Build the Wall or this is what we will get in the USA.
@Leigh_On_SeaMum For Satan, there is no more a juicy lamb to devour then one who belongs to Jesus. Jesus won’t let him. He hears your cries and he will defend you.  		Fight back. Don’t let Satan deceive you. Fill your mind with His words and song every spare moment.
@Leigh_On_SeaMum We seem to be living in an age of weak churches. Shallow fellowships.  So maybe this leaves people of deep faith feeling stranded in this world that has abandoned wholesomeness and faith in God. I assure you from experience God is real. He knows and loves YOU
@Leigh_On_SeaMum Hello Julie. Your Tweet was the first one I saw this morning. Just want to let you know that you are being heard and prayed for. We have all faced times like this.
RT @Leigh_On_SeaMum: I could do with some prayers today, feel like I’m losing my Faith, not sure if I’ve really been saved.  Satan is on a…
@DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump There are a lot of people in America who watch to many movies and haven’t grown up. And then you get this kind of behavior.
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: 2018 summed up!!!		CNN’s 2014 “Journalist of The Year” just lost his job for totally “fabricating at least 14 articles…
'Muslim taxi driver' threatens to rape converts to Christianity - WND https://t.co/F8JFU3xLDT
RT @RyherdPhyllis: Brian Kolfage, triple amputee who started the famous gofundme page to build the wall was on Laura Ingraham last night.…
@kilmeade @_KimAFoster @realDonaldTrump The USA doesn’t need to revel in global military strength but does need to maintain global military capabilities. Pull all troops out to the bare minimum to maintain bases Incase they are needed.  We can always retake as necessary.
@kilmeade @_KimAFoster @realDonaldTrump Remember this, everything has been manipulated, rigged by the globalist for their NWO OWG from the military to Wall St. to IMF to trade barriers		All Harvard opinions are based on assumptions from a labyrinth of plolicies designed for failure and bankruptcy
@kilmeade @_KimAFoster @realDonaldTrump This would be a great time for POTUS Trump to bring all troops home world wide. 		Then watch how fast trade agreements materialize Tarriffs fall and dollar rise stays neutral as Debt plummets instead of inflation		Free trade with zero Tarriffs is possible.
@CNBC So it is for the USA as well. Industrial theft? Sabotage? Everyone needs to calm down and cooperate. We are all people of different languages, cultures and heritage but all people of the human race none the less. 		Cooperation for mutual nations interest.
Trump goes quiet as stock market falls on trade war, rate hikes		The globalist controlled establishment doesn’t like POTUS trade rearranging but We The People know he is getting US a better deal in the global economies. https://t.co/YGCbbtsAIc
@ChuckCallesto If POTUS JFK the quintessential Democrat or Staunch conservative Elvis ever reappear Chris Matthews will bolt in shame.		JFK would call Matthews a communist and Elvis would give him a judo flip.		The Marshins will take him back to Mars to examin
@ChuckCallesto Didn’t Chris Matthews predict global warming? Then why does his house have a nice big fire place and central heating?
@ChuckCallesto Chris Matthews prredicta the sky is falling and an alien invasion from Mars. If true it’s because he and his leftist crazies scream at the skies and the Aliens are coming for revenge on earthlings for letting them get away with doing it.
@RudyGiuliani Hey Rudy, love you but don’t ya know, no one reads the NYT or WP they read themselves. And no one watches CNN, not even when they are trapped in an airport, hahahaha. Their circulation numbers are a fraud on advertisers.		Who cares what those idiots say?
@bbusa617 The reason the USA is in debt is because criminals are running the federal government and the Federal Reserve. This also happens to be the reason people lost their homes and families. Where money goes money can be brought right back. No problem. Easy.
@beachbunny880 @bbusa617 @SenTedCruz More to come. 100’s of billions will come from global criminal syndicates.
@beachbunny880 @bbusa617 @SenTedCruz Yep.
@GovJVentura @RedDizzlah Trump will do it. The military industrial complex belongs to We The People not globalist over seas and traitors within. 		The military serves US not Them and We will remind them.
@NewsBreaking @smokemrainey It will be full of old parking tickets, insinuations and claims spinning non lies into lies, and unfortunately false accusations and prosecutions against the Trump family beginning with the grand daughters on up through Baron for Russian collusion.
@RickChrist3 @BlissTabitha Obama’s wealth came from looting Americans out of $2billion which he used to buy gold bars and stash away in hide outs around the world. And who do you think was guarding that gold?  The globalist deep state military.
@benshapiro We have yet to see General Mike Flynn flinch.  Nor have we seen Paul Mannafort screaming.		When bravery shows it is silent. Have you noticed?
@benshapiro We Thought Mattis has guts. He goes out screaming like an alley cat? Maybe it’s his double?
@ReaganWorld @zettevette @POTUS 👍
@Rampage95_ @dfalls1552 @senatemajldr @POTUS @GOP @realDonaldTrump Mitch and Rayan. They are Not  brave traitors. Just a cowardly traitors.  One might have at least a little more respect for a brave traitor but either way traitors get executed.
@Rampage95_ @dfalls1552 @senatemajldr @POTUS @GOP @realDonaldTrump Yes that’s that’s the political layer of the onion. But the layer below is adherence to the globalist agenda. They do not dare donwhat We The People want. They “Fear them” not US.
@Imamofpeace Perhaps they could be deported to Mars?
@dbongino 👍😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😂😀😀
@YellowRose1776 @45Quickdraw4 @realDonaldTrump We The People need to hunt these people down and give them a big hug. They need it.
@ByronYork Everyone else at work reading this is wondering why?
@varepall @wyscrapper @BreitbartNews luis Gutierrez drama acting. Fake outrage. It’s an attempt at character assassination. Routine communist Dem bad behavior. 		Gutierrez is not fit for civil government.  These actions reflect  badly on those who chose this person to represent them.
@CNBC Mueller is a fraud.
Headlines like this are the voice of the “Establishment” bad mouthing Trump Trade policies, while POTUS is getting Americans a better deal in the global economy.		Trump goes quiet as stock market falls on trade war, rate hikes https://t.co/YGCbbtsAIc
Beautiful picture of FLOTUS an POTUS.  Holding hands and smiling is a warm thing to see. It shows love, caring and unity.  Marital Bliss. 		Pavlich Calls Out 'Leftist Rag' Vogue for Piece Mocking White House Christmas Portrait https://t.co/uzf0vCrs6U
Gay population pedophiles?		Boy dances at gay bar: 'This really is child abuse' - WND https://t.co/axtrCYaQh2
Remember what happened to the Harvard Trust in 2008? Guess what?
School bond debt is about to be wiped out in a derivatives crash that will be directed at school debt. This will defund the leftist universities which will behind closing up as they will no longer be able to afford most of their professors and staff.
The US will develop the Southern Hemisphere because they want it.
Frankly the Globalist are loosing control. The pain will be felt no where more the outside of the USA. 		POTUS has a growth market South of the boarder available once US manufacturing is back up.  In the mean time plenty of capital spending coming.
Expect a Wave of ccredit defaults in Hong Kong (China dependent shipping and real estate) and in Singapore (Oil drop) beginning next week with acceleration in Jan growing into crisis by the China New Year 5 Feb 2019 in the “Year of the Pig”.
Fed raising rates is accelerating global economic slow down. The globalist did not anticipate what POTUS reaction would be. It’s simple. He will cut costs over seas by pulling out the military &amp; raising Tarriffs more.		Nations will follow the Fed or POTUS
Powell raising rates will put huge pressure on emerging foreign sovereign developing nations as they scramble to raise their rates in order to maintain the liquididty of their own treasuries sufficient to conduct trade and attract FDI and maintain rotation
David Tepper, who I love up to now, says cash is your best investment right now if you already have it.		But complains a trade war is not conducive to confidence. Freezing some worldwide activity.  Wrong it’s the Fed hurting confidence not POTUS Tarriffs
David Tepper: The Fed is done supporting stock prices	https://t.co/GV3GyFnnye @CNBC 		Saying the “Fed put” is dead is disgraceful. The Fed pumped $ to China but cut off Americans and the USA when fiscal came through.
David Tepper: The Fed is done supporting stock prices	https://t.co/GV3GyFnnye @CNBC 		Said another way “The Fed is done pumping money to China.”
Cramer: Fed chief Jerome Powell is Trump's worst re-election nightmare	https://t.co/jDGjT6M3zj @CNBC 		Wall St sycophants, you guys bad mouth Trump and accuse trade war. Guess what, you will all loose big for talking foolishly like traitors instead of patriots
Trump - GITMO and Military Tribunal https://t.co/50Sos20iPk 		Don’t get your hopes up over Kavanaugh, Justice Roberts, the SCOTUS or any Judges in the USA. Judges and Jstices alike are famous for diatribes and then doing the opposite. It’s a technique
@realDonaldTrump The cost savings of pulling the military out of the world would be enormous. Let’s face it. That’s 90% of the military budget, keeping a military abroad.
@realDonaldTrump The USA which is the largest economy in the world by pulling chocks and pulling out of the world will Collapse Globalism ALLMOST  IMMEDIATELY. 		The globalist advisors that foreign sovereigns have always relied on will simply have no answers nor friends.
@realDonaldTrump They want to blame the market on a defensive trade response to unfair trade practices (Which they call a trade WAR to inflame public opinion). It’s a globalist propaganda attack.		Fine. Let’s change the game Very Bigly to a world wide military pull out.
@realDonaldTrump This is the answer. Goodbye world.		The globalist have used the world to manipulate US and drain our wealth and strength away. 		If the US pulls out the world looses it stability and this its value as measured in equity bonds and their ability to produce.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Getting out of Syria was no surprise. I’ve been campaigning on it for years, and six months ago, when I very publicly…
@realDonaldTrump And We The People All know what happens to cattle when corralled.		There is a general sense that the Federal Government is beyond repair due to their entrenched interests. Most people want to see the military step in, yet wonder if it can succeed. It can.
@realDonaldTrump Our problem is that 37 years of stacking the US Federal gov top to bottom with globalist thinking sycophants devoid of patriotism rendering our Government into being a facade while benieth the surface this silent deep state is bearding and corralling US
@realDonaldTrump We don’t need the rest of the world. We have the energy, natural resources the consumer demand to have a booming economy. Nations envy and will come running. They always do. But let’s do it on our terms of honesty and responsible government not globalism
@realDonaldTrump The Peace Dividend has been squandered by clueless stupid politicians doing the bidding of the highest bidder that the globalist send through K Street		You would think some of those doing so would have figured it out. It’s not hard unless blinded by greed
@realDonaldTrump World War II would still be in full swing if the USA has not gotten involved.  They hate each other. They are racist and they will be at each other’s throats. Let them fend for themselves OR get on board and become true nations and cooperate.
@realDonaldTrump The fact is the economic success of the world has come on the backs, blood and treasure of the USA. 		They think they are smart businessmen and geniuses but all they had to do was spend money flowing to them in FDI and many other ways to build their egos.
@realDonaldTrump Amen. We can not afford to defend the freeloaders of the world while being disrespected and taken advantage of. We do not need the trade deficits with them. 		Let them sell their Treasuries at fire sale prices and the Treasury can buy them back.		Fire the Fed
@realDonaldTrump Excellent decision President Trump. Excellent. Let’s bring all the troops home world wide for that matter. 		They will be begging to have us back because they will be at each other’s throats almost immediately. Back the USA publicly and verbally or goodbye!
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Russia, Iran, Syria &amp; many others are not happy about the U.S. leaving, despite what the Fake News says, because n…
@HillaryClinton @arenasummit @OnwardTogether Who wrote this for you? It doesn’t sound like you.
@BahmBoughe honored to have you following. God bless.
Louie Gohmert confirms the Republican leadership in the Senate and House are against POTUS Trump. And We The People know		SCOTUS is against POTUS except Thomas		Louie Gohmert:  Republicans Failing to Fund the Border Wall https://t.co/QFDHMwoIpq via @YouTube
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Civil Government is to far entrenched in corruption which has built out this underground government running the USA in league with globalist deep state 5 eyes etc to be rehabilitated. 		Good idea Take the Rothschild franchise to GITMO
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine The only way to revoke the franchise of the Federal Reserve is to take identified leaders of the global shadow gov such as the Rothschilds, their counterparts on down to foot soldiers such as Soros/Obama to GITMO
The only way to revoke the franchise of the Federal Reserve is to take identified leaders of the global shadow gov such as the Rothschilds, their counterparts and on down to foot soldiers such as Soros/Obama to GITMO. 		https://t.co/cgT23hLfkW via @YouTube
RT @realDonaldTrump: Mexico is paying (indirectly) for the Wall through the new USMCA, the replacement for NAFTA! Far more money coming to…
We see POTUS and FLOTUS holding hands and smiling a lot. It’s a love affair. 		Marry Christmas Trump family. https://t.co/GHsphnk4Bh
@FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump @POTUS We see POTUS and FLOTUS holding hands and smiling a lot together. It’s a love affair. Wonderful to see.
RT @FLOTUS: Merry Christmas from President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump. @POTUS &amp; @FLOTUS are seen Saturday, December 15, i…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Michael Isikoff was the first to report Dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the Dossier claims. The whole Rus…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....WILL NEVER BE PROVEN AND ARE LIKELY FALSE.”  Thank you to Michael Isikoff, Yahoo, for honesty. What this means is…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Russia Dossier reporter now doubts dopey Christopher Steele’s claims! “When you get into the details of the Steele Dos…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Illegal immigration costs the United States more than 200 Billion Dollars a year. How was this allowed to happen?
RT @realDonaldTrump: Facebook, Twitter and Google are so biased toward the Dems it is ridiculous! Twitter, in fact, has made it much more d…
@realDonaldTrump The Fed franchise should be revoked. It has a life of its own outside the interests of We The People who fund it with our money. 		Fire the Fed.
RT @realDonaldTrump: I hope the people over at the Fed will read today’s Wall Street Journal Editorial before they make yet another mistake…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Biggest outrage yet in the long, winding and highly conflicted Mueller Witch Hunt is the fact that 19,000 demanded Tex…
RT @realDonaldTrump: It is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation, the outside world blowing up around us, Pa…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The DEDUCTIBLE which comes with ObamaCare is so high that it is practically not even useable! Hurts families badly. We…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Trump Foundation has done great work and given away lots of money, both mine and others, to great charities over t…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...sleazebag AG Eric Schneiderman, who has since resigned over horrific women abuse, when I wanted to close the Founda…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....In any event, it goes on and on &amp; the new AG, who is now being replaced by yet another AG (who openly campaigned o…
RT @marklutchman: A black liberal just told me that I’m a sell out to my people. 		I told him, my people are the American people &amp; my color…
RT @realDonaldTrump: After historic victories against ISIS, it’s time to bring our great young people home! https://t.co/xoNjFzQFTp
RT @RudyGiuliani: The payments to Daniels and McDougall do not violate the law. Congress has spent millions settling sexual harassment clai…
⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@seanhannity⁩ ⁦@IngrahamAngle⁩ ⁦@JudgeJeanine⁩		Prison reform by Soul entertainer James Brown.		Inside the 'Soul' of James Brown https://t.co/qtWngmLc5F
THEIR PLAN HAS ALWAYS BEEN... PURE EVIL -- Wayne Jett https://t.co/cgT23hLfkW via @YouTube		What we see doesn’t look good for defeating the deep state. Perhaps what we don’t see is the only hope.  Financial and military.
The prisons today are being taken over by Muslims who resent their imprisonment.  Muslim condemnation or Christian Love? This is the dichotomy in the Comey Mueller era.		And then there is always solitary confinement for patriots. Next, Guillotine?
@caligudda If you go to the top of the thread and read down for context or maybe it’s posted in the wrong thread.
So maybe that’s what it means to ascend by 33 degrees of enlightenment?  When one has ascended, to 33 degrees what they have done is “Descended”. 		Lucifer always makes things upside down, like the cross of Jesus, making good bad and bad good.
Jimmy Carter was always shaming the American people. He punished us with speeding tickets via the Commerce Clause for exceeding 55 mph. But he didn’t hate us.		But Obama vilifies, betrays and persecutes us. Same sin taken to extremes of destroying the USA.
Self righteous people throw their own sins on everyone else. By doing so they create an illusion of self deception that everyone in the world is so morally wrong that by comparison they are the righteous. Jimmy Carter said your driving to fast go 55.
Soul singer Entertainer James Brown is a slice of Americana. A young man living in Pax Americana. The first Black man to own his own private jet 1969 and one of the first Americans black or white to have ever done so. He said prison shaped him. 		Not prisons today
https://t.co/qWA5GvHP7g		James Brown: At age 16, I was a juvenile delinquent I think the people put me in prison to raise me It was the best thing that happened to me. It wasn’t a prison but a training institute. I have everything to thank this country for
RT @TkMelly: FED CHAIR SCREWS AMERICA - CRASHES MARKET: Announces New Rate Hike -- DOW PLUNGES 720 Points  -- Updated #EndTheFed https://t.…
@crimsonfaith88 @Priscil84480820 The grass roots will take back America through the States. The US Federal Government is to big and to thoroughly corrupted to be rehabilitated. 		Follow the US Constitution which never intended for the the Federal government to be the master of government.
@TkMelly @mlhcromwell16 The Federal Reserve should be split into 3 independent competing entities.
@TkMelly @mlhcromwell16 Powell is Another stuffed suit. A prop of the shadow government. 		There is no way that he can not know exactly what he is doing. 		Powell is intentionally sabotaging the economy of the USA. 		The Federal Reserve franchise needs to be replaced with another.
@mitchellvii @CarlaChamorros The sentencing of General Flynn is a slap across the face of the entire military and a disgrace to every veteran. 		This is also designed to give those in the military second thoughts about what they will do if called up for martial law.
@mitchellvii @CarlaChamorros A look at these events is a look in the mirror for US. We must reflect more, each one of US, on how we got here and have only now awakened? 		The US government is a facade. Judges, Justices, Congress have no control. 		Behind the facade.
@mitchellvii @CarlaChamorros Comey lies hundreds of times and nothing happens. General Flynn faces sentencing and the FBI agents who entrapped him said he didn’t lie.  Alan Dershowitz says their allegation of a lie doesn’t even meet the standard of being material thus not an illegal act.
@mitchellvii @CarlaChamorros Seems Comey feels he is above the little people and their silly laws.
It’s time for private investigators to investigate Judge Sullivan. He has a closet full of skeletons.
Sullivan has lots of skeletons and he is terrified they will fall out of the closet. Prosecution want even accusing of anything near treason yet Sullivan asks has he committed treason. Merry Jane? DUI’s, Prostitution? You’ve been a very bad man Judge Sullivan
There was no other reason for Judge Sullivan to abuse General Flynn the way he did. Sullivan was sending a clear signal that screamed out in desperation to Mueller “I will do anything at all, just tell me what you want even death sentence” ie “Treason”.
POTUS also knows that he can not rely on Kavanaugh or Roberts to uphold Marshal Law should he declare it just as judges have un constitutionally blocked many POTUS orders. 		Total Declassification including Anthony Wiener’s Lap top is the only option.
If they had corruption blackmail on Clarence Thomas he would have been making compromises rulings like Kavanaugh and Chief Justice Roberts. 		POTUS knows he can not rely on Kavanaugh or Roberts for rightful protection against the witch hunt.
In a USA full of immoral people can we see how easy it is to force a framed up corrupt fraud case through the courts to get the result they want. This happens every day		To bad he is not a Clarence Thomas whom you know is not corrupt by his bold moral rulings
Judge Sullivan has skeletons in his closet. He knows the FBI knows.  Marijuana is still not legal where he lives. DUI’s that get taken care of? His actions were a clear signal to Mueller I will do anything for you.		https://t.co/1y8rNhnqZ5 via @YouTube
@trish_regan @POTUS Comey continues to escalate his attacks and now is openly accusing POTUS Trump of lying.  Comey does not produce the lie as evidence. He doesn’t say where POTUS lies and, again, doesn’t produce evidence of a lie.		Yet Comey’s crimes are common knowledge.
RT @trish_regan: #JamesComey is CONVINCED the FBI’s reputation is tarnished because of @POTUS. No - YOU were in charge when Russia meddled…
@ed_lamon We better all start saying our good bye’s to our friends and relatives and un saved family and be ready for the rapture or concentration camps.
@ed_lamon How can any believer not be praying without ceasing. The USA is in a deep state of corruption. Only miracles can save US now.  There just aren’t enough brave men and one of the few is facing sentencing while the criminals run rampant.
@FloridaJFuller @sundance7055 The Bolshevik Dems just can’t get enough of these guys in to do their dirty work for them.
@jrdndeagle There is no such thing as neutral in anything. But it sure makes for a good sound bite for the gullible.
RT @AndrewScheer: Never has been and never will be. Trudeau’s carbon tax is about one thing: Money. More for the government. Less for you.…
The judge is way out of line accusing Mike Flynn of treason.  A Zombie judge. 		This is such a sad day and a very dark cloud over the USA. Very grievous days in our land when criminals run the system.		https://t.co/p8rpzGLZFD via @worldnetdaily
What is wrong with us?  Systems are failing. We should be able to do better then this. 		Man tries cashing real paycheck, bank calls cops - WND https://t.co/MPMvMDHBUR
@jwhaifa Flynn will not fight to thus avoid subjecting his son to yet another frameup fraud prosecution. Mueller will prosecute his son anyways		Alan Dershowitz says no crime was commuted because his lie was. It material but the judge goes on a rant. NonJustice in USA
@jwhaifa It’s over. This judge as I predicted did what every judge does. They are cowards and they fold to the deep state FBI every time. They always do and they always will. 		Obviously they threatened to prosecute his son so he didn’t fight it. More Bolshevik
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity 		The First Amendment is dead in America. Corporations are out of control. The government has been hijacked and they are flying the USA in to towers of destruction. 		What should we do?		https://t.co/RbIWtgP21N via @worldnetdaily
@DeplorableChoir This nice woman was attacked by a Democrat.		That’s the America that we would end up with by those people. Mueller and the deep state are bringing this on US. 		Those people and their crude followers need to be put away.	Rule of Law = civility.
RT @DeplorableChoir: I feel in my heart today was a good day for Flynn...just left the sentencing.		Ignore the interruption in the middle o…
Five eyes? Seems the global deep state is so much more then five eyes. A big question would be which nation is not among the deep state eyes. One might venture a guess and say “none”		Ibrahim, Monitored by every intel agency on earth. And so is everyone else.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 		Seems Mueller is moving down the food chain. 		We The People back and support POTUS Trump all the way. Our only hope is in Jesus Christ and you whom he has blessed us with. We Win.		Freedom reigns.		Ibrahim. https://t.co/RufqUvVf2F
Matthew 5:9		Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.		Ibrahim writes to open minds to peaceful solutions. Your children deserve peace. It’s not hard to achieve for yours and your neighbors. 		Let’s do this. https://t.co/iXGdd0NDwW
@LeahR77 @ReneeCarrollAZ @gatewaypundit The states do all the real work. Building and maintaining roads, bridges, schools, airports, infrastructure. 		The Federal Government is entirely globalist deep state, contributes nothing, obstructs business		Fire 🔥 the gov. Keep DOD, ICE, Coast  Gaurd etc.
@CNBC 99% of You guys know nothing about money. The price of Wall St willful ignorance motivated by greed is nearing global calamity.
@CNBC Globalism Does Not Work.		We are long past the Post WW II era where we were helping the world recover from a world war and at the same time creating export markets on credit.		Stop it our traitors will be punished to the maximum penalties&amp; wealth confiscated.
@CNBC @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 		The PROBLEM IS NOT THE TRADE WAR.		THE PROBLEM IS THE GLOBALIST FED.		Fire the Fed Now.		Wrong solution. You guys don’t want America to be great. Your way has lowered the standard of living dramatically for working people..
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 		The Federal Government is strangling the USA and forcing US into a socialist communist totalitarian state. Federal agents are now famous for abuse of power. Lois Lerner as one example. 		Time to Stop it.		Keep DOD, ICE, Coast Guard.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 		The States do all the work. The Federal Government only obstructs business.  Millions of desk jobs who do nothing and accomplish nothing but destroying our USA. Fire them all. Stop pay checks. Revoke all retirement going forward
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 		Fire the Federal Government.  The State governments donall the work on Main St. they make roads. Pave roads, build and repair bridges. Build schools. States do the real work.		Shut down the federal government permanently.
@POTUS 	@realDonaldTrump 	It’s time to create a new private corporation to manage the Money of We The People. The Fed is using our money guaranteed by We The People and the blood of our children for globalist ends not US.		Fire the Fed👍
@POTUS No one has the right to manage the American banking system. It is a privilege not a right. We The People Do Not Have to give them our money to manage. They can keep the Fed but the US Treasury needs new managers for OUR MONEY.  Not the Fed.
⁦@POTUS⁩ The Fed has lost interest in We The People. Yellen raised and Powell has raised aggressively. They forfeit the Fed franchise. 		No faith in the Fed		The stock market is on pace for its worst December 	https://t.co/Vqxu7bGTtB @CNBC
@Choose2Disobey @LouDobbs “Removed” is thug speak. Nothing mentioned about the rule of law.
@DGCanuck @LouDobbs Did you forget the Fed raising rates like a monkey climbing a tree?
@Lalder11Larry @LouDobbs @KarenLTaylor2 They want to crash the market to crash the USA. Pretty obvious.
@nadinbrzezinski @LouDobbs Another bridge salesman?
@pat_patstalk @LouDobbs If Tarriffs are bad then why is the Fed raising?
@LouDobbs His motive is obvious. He wants to force recession fears in order to diminish the POTUS stature and punish his base. 		J. Powell is waging a war Against MAGA. Pure and simple, he is a traitor who is against We The People. 		Slay the jet setters.
@RyherdPhyllis Judge Nap is a phoney. Catholic pedophile? Maybe.
@HillaryClinton They say you collected money for the Haiti earth quake victims and then spent it on a wedding
@HillaryClinton Camping trip over. Go home. 		They say you rape and torture little children. Murder them and then drink their fear Adrenalin laced blood. Do you deny these a allegations that 100’s of millions are talking about in the line at the grocery store?
@PeteHegseth Is treason now legal in the USA. It certainly seems to be. Obstructing a President? Inprisoning the innocent?
@HillaryClinton Does Hillary Clinton know you wrote this?
@ChuckCallesto Bolshevik
@DeplorableChoir Comey is a criminal. Like all criminals he wants to devour for personal gain.
@seanhannity Alec Baldwin has mad cow disease.
@The_Trump_Train @realDonaldTrump We are surrounded by evil. What can we The People do about it?
@RudyGiuliani We are sirrounded by evil. What are we going to do about it?
@freedom_moates She is a product of the Nazi’s. Literally.
@agueros_henry Add Islam and any other religion. God call to every human born as they reach the age of conscience whatever that might be. Those who die between conception and conscience are taken up to God.
@agueros_henry Every human is called by the voice of God. If we resist because of our religion, family beliefs. culture then we are damning ourselves whether Jew, Hindu, Protestant, Catholic, Buddhist, even Satanist. Yes God even calls to the Satanist heart and conscience
@agueros_henry If they are lawyers it’s nearly 100%. Nearly. Doctors I would guess far less of they are in private practice. But the God did say he would make the Jews blind. In other words he would stop talking to Jews through religion and culture. But everyone is called.
@agueros_henry No I would not say that. I know many American Jews who voted for Donald Trump. This is a misnomer.
@JudicialWatch @nnavajojohn No surprise there since Podesta is the son of a Nazi just like Mueller and Ukraine has long been a Nazi controlled nation. 		How long does it take the masses to connect the out in the open dots?
Why is the flesh so easily misled and deceived?  For every believer, follower of Jesus Christ our sanctification lies ahead when one day for each of us we will no longer be misled or vexed by the pull of the flesh to every trinket &amp; bobble dangled by Lucifer
Why do we hold fast to religion and it’s relics when we have the Spirit of God within our very bodies encouraging each of us to fix our eyes upon our Lord Jesus, the good news, the glory of the father and our destination with him in the eternal city of God?
The anxious anticipation of the third temple is a manifestation of the flesh, an amplification revealing our sin nature which believers struggle against.  Make no mistake the third temple will be the work of Satan and the throne of the Anti-Christ and Satan.
The Rothschild’s brought the Jews back to Israel because God is Lord over even the devil. The Third Temple is to be allowed as a blasphemy for God’s proof and purpose of the sin of man who chooses Satan over the God of peace.  Why exalt the coming blasphemy?
@IsraeliNewsLive 		Jesus drew a parallel between the temple and his body that would be torn down and then raised up again in three days. So was it the temple or gov buildings surrounding the temple?		https://t.co/Su2oIBxSw7 via @YouTube
@IsraeliNewsLive 		Jesus drew a parallel between the temple and his body which would be torn down for 3 days and then built back up. Was he referring to the buildings surrounding, or the temple?		https://t.co/Su2oIBxSw7 via @YouTube
RT @CarlSawicki: Of course he did	@AdamSchiff 	Going down Clowny and not on a 19yo https://t.co/xbo5xK3hp2
@BreitbartNews The Lear Jet got the girls excited along with money and music. He would lift the leather lid in the sidewall and slip an 8 track cassette into the Lear stereo sound system and play it loud while slipping through the clouds at near the speed of sound.
@BreitbartNews Don’t try to roll the Gulfstream 	G-V or VI. We don’t want some idiot to crash.
@BreitbartNews James Brown’s Lear Jet 23 was the inspiration for Get Up Sex Machine. He said so. The Lear Jet 23 was the sex machine.
“Peace be to the brethren, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ. Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. Amen.”	Ephesians 6:23-24 KJV https://t.co/DK9Wg1Eyiz
“For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.”	Ephesians 6:12 KJV https://t.co/eMbPv6bHoR
Folks We The People@can not afford to wake up just a little bit. We must wake up all the way.
Read how Nazi’s rose to power through the Hitler youth. Does this sound familiar?  Compare Nazi intimidation &amp; terror tactics early on as the party was rising to power to ANTIFA / BLM today. Nazi’s descendent running the deep State. Like Mueller, Rosenstein
Buy Book – Ella Cruz https://t.co/4U8oan2bPt
CIA becomes the new Third Reich Chairman of NATO Military Committee Was Chief of The General Staff of The Nazi Army – Ella Cruz https://t.co/nNIdXnrdCr
RT @EllaaaCruzzz: "Chairman of NATO Military Committee Was Chief of The General Staff of The Nazi Army"		We Have Been Lied To...		Click on…
RT @RealMattCouch: https://t.co/AlW8pxK28u
RT @SecretaryAcosta: The unemployment rate of 3.7% under @POTUS is the lowest since 1969 – for seven months in 2018, the unemployment rate…
@rosedixontx @agueros_henry Globalist Rothschild Zionist are Satanic not to be confused with Biblical Zionist comprising 98% of the Israelis and conservative Jews today. This is a difficult one for folks to wrap their minds around as people paint with broad brushes beyond lines of truth
@rosedixontx @agueros_henry Amen. We The People will we are. This is life or death for us all. The Bolsheviks killed millions of Christians and conservatives. So did Joseph Stalin and Mao Zedong. This is communism illuminate globalist Zionist long March then and emerging now in the USA
@BreitbartNews The Lear Jet got the women excited. Now they torture sacrifice baby boys and drink their blood. How times have changed even among the corrupt.
@BreitbartNews Now the deep state run of America is coming to an alarming end that will shock We The People and the world when all spills out as it is beginning to do. Every headline you ever read will all come together and you will know the truth. Will it set you free?
@BreitbartNews Howard Hughes left Fort Lauderdale for Nassau Bahama Island after pleading with Nixon to grant him entry back into the US and being denied. Hughes perhaps the first known billionaire had a contentious history with the deep state and shadow gov.
@BreitbartNews Howard Hughes escaping the earthquake in Managua Nicaragua came one early morning before sunrise &amp; spent the night with Bob Graff in his Fort Lauderdale hanger penthouse suite above Graff Jets. A call to POTUS Nixon would not let him evade customs so he left
@BreitbartNews Bob Graff (A WW II P-51 fighter pilot) went along as copilot on the demo ride for James Brown. He was the original Lear Jet distributor for the South Eastern USA and sold Lear Jet N805LJ to James Brown.
Connect the dots with 🖍 crayons. From Arkansas to Comey, Mueller to Poppy in the White House to 911 to Mueller		Can we depend on Kavanaugh? What’s in his heart. It won’t matter. This war not be waged at in SCOTUS but waged in tribunals as we all know.
@BreitbartNews The private jets today are just transports. No thrill. Just lazy luxury. The original owners were like an elite little club of families. But now we know just how closely knit they all were.
@BreitbartNews There will never be a more exciting ride then the original Lear Jet model 23 or 24. They were the muscle cars of private jets. Nothing else thrilled like the first Lear’s. The big joke was using the potty which had a curtain that you pulled across to hide.
@BreitbartNews Bill Lear demoed the Lear Jet to James Brown with barrel rolls and slipping through the speed of sound and that was it. He had to have one. And he did. He was the first black man to own a private jet on earth.  You can’t get anyone to roll a Gulfstream Jet.
@BreitbartNews The Lear Jet got the girls excited along with money and music. He would lift the leather lid in the sidewalk and slip an 8 track cassette into the Lear stereo sound system and play it loud while slipping through the clouds at near the speed of sound.
@BreitbartNews James Brown was the first black man to own his own private jet. It was the love of his life. It lifted &amp; inspired his soul. He used to say “Get On Up” which was a double entendre as he took girl friends for rides. It became his song inspiration for Get On Up
Go all out or don’t go at all.
O’Reilly started out as an Anti Trumper but left began to change after a few months to becoming a Trump advocate supporter. So Fox dumped him because he would have trounced leftist guests. Yet he remains well behind the battle lines. It’s a shame.
Bill O’Reilly was great at batting down the crazies, dragging their ideas &amp; talking points into the dirt where they came from		But O'Reilly stays comfortably well behind the front lines in this war against the deep state. Fear? 		https://t.co/9EafM9XtEV
@BreitbartNews Oh Christians, you believe in God but will you open your hearts and dedicate every last minute of your lives to following him in your deeds, your thoughts and in truth rather then hy·poc·ri·sy?
@BreitbartNews James Brown believed in God, yet like most who call themselves Christians, including pastors, didn’t discern the evil of people around him. People like Barack Obama.
@BreitbartNews James Brown Brown: I was popular. I think the people put me in prison to raise me. It was the best thing that happened to me. It wasn’t a prison but a training institute. I have everything to thank this country for.
@BreitbartNews James Brown: I was popular. I think the people put me in prison to raise me. It was the best thing that happened to me. It wasn’t a prison but a training institute. I have everything to thank this country for.
echkelon-Boston-Globe: Phil Marshall had something that someone was willing to kill to obtain... https://t.co/yWZ9DyyH9Z
@BreitbartNews James sitting in the back seat couch with his girl would yell up to his Captain Doug Bell and make a twirling motion with his hand and Doug would do a barrel roll in the Lear Jet 23 N805LJ.  Those were the days of freedom for all. 	Al Sharpton chose activism.
@BreitbartNews James would drive right up to his Lear Jet in his Lincoln Continental Mark III. Climb in and shoot through the sky like a shooting star while puffing on a funny stogie with a girlfriend groopy at his side.
@BreitbartNews For James flying to and from gigs was the highlight of his life and Al Sharpton admired the freedom and success of this black man who was a musical giant.		The Lear Jet was the highlight of his life. It’s what set him completely free in many ways.
@BreitbartNews Learjet N805 was a Lear Jet 23 model. The lightest Lear Jet ever made. It could climb at an incredible 7000 feet per minute. James Brown loves to have Doug Bell do barrel rolls with guests on board. It was freedom. James and Bill Learnwere good friends.
@BreitbartNews Al Sharpton admired Singer entertainer James Brown. James Brown has a heart of gold. He leased then bought one of the first Lear Jets ever made N805LJ which was a test bed aircraft.  His Captain Doug Bell was an outgoing aviator.
@BreitbartNews Sharpton has run unsuccessfully for elected office on multiple occasions. The globalist never let him win preferring him to play the role of a bankrupt political living martyr.  Deep in debt he remains bitter and thus the perfect racial arsonist to inflame US
@DaniaEHP @GOPChairwoman @trumps_feed @realDonaldTrump No not the Democrats fault. It is the Democrats and the Republicans fault. The unitary global Communist party.
@GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump Bit they won’t. They need the votes and the dependents. Votes to hold office dependents to help bankrupt the USA making everyone else a dependent of the state.  It’s called communism.
RT @DavidWohl: Destruction of evidence is an irreducible FELONY. Dont just fire Mueller, JAIL HIM! https://t.co/J3PTQ1bzd8
RT @briangukc: @RoyalNavy on knees fleet so small that cannot undertake major conflict &amp;Minister for War @GavinWilliamson getting excited o…
Bob Corker wanted your vote and your family to be his slaves.
Some thought Bob Corker the Democrat turned Republican resembled President Andrew Jackson so they voted for him. Look what they got. A guy who conspired to steal American homes from working people. Profited from private prisons imprisoning teenagers.
Eleanor Rosalynn Carter. Her given name is Eleanor. She went by the name Rosalynn. Eleanor returned to the White House to keep an Eye on the President. “What’s on your mind tonight”.
All Christians and Jews are now near to risk. But by the Grace of God POTUS Trump backed by We The People will defeat the Luciferian deep state and shadow government.
Pray that the log is removed from POTUS Jimmy Carter’s eyes. He sees the sins of the world but is blind to his own sins. Pray for Jimmy Carter to be saved and his wife Eleanor Rosalynn Carter his deep state wife.
Laura Bush and Jeb got an envelope and more. A picture which Jeb saw and drew a conclusion from in a split second without having any time to read anything. It only took a glance to realize what he was seeing but spent hours starring at after the funeral.
When POTUS Jimmy Carter finds out what was in those envelopes he will be glad that he did not get one.  It’s very doubtful that any of them told him as their minds scramble on who to contact, how and what to do.
POTUS Carter notices Hillary getting an envelope amid the stir. He opens his folder looking for an envelope. Not seeing one he looks around to see if one might have fallen out on his lap, his surroundings or the floor but perplexed he doesn’t spot one
Pray that POTUS Jimmy Carter gives up the globalist lie and false self righteousness and comes to Jesus confessing that he is a sinner. Pray that Jimmy Carter turns to Jesus Christ affirming he is God who shed his blood so that he could live eternally.
POTUS Jimmy Carter also did not receive an envelope. POTUS Trump and Jimmy Carter did not receive an envelope		POTUS Carter, though he is a Globalist, perhaps a soft globalist idealist, was oblivious to what was going on. He notices the stir but has no idea
Now notice that POTUS Trump is the ONLY one who did not receive an envelope. Now you know with certainty what took place.		The Mysterious Bush-Clinton Funeral Envelope and Catch 22 Game Theory https://t.co/NYCjyT7uVA via @YouTube
RT @TheTestyTarheel: North Carolina spoke at the polls. 		We voted for voter ID in N.C.		Our Democratic governor just vetoed the bill. Typi…
RT @DoreyBoat1776: Watching @Comey brag &amp; be so flippant about entrapping @GenFlynn is beyond nauseating. 		This man is vile &amp; needs to be…
Notice the corrupt Norton Staff.
Jesus Christ has sent the Holy Spirit to defeat the Satanic government for the sake of the children and for the glory of the Father who glorifies Jesus. 		The deep state fall is a miracle in progress. They will hang and even leftist will applaud.
These Mueller games are being played under the assumption that they have absolute power. That people sitting on the bench are weak and cowardly and have never really stood on their own two feet.  They are right.		God has his plan and Jesus has ordained it.
Jihadist Guards beating young boys, women and children. Father pleading for mercy for their wives and little girls for their lives to be spared to no avail. Fathers seeing their families enduring brutality, murdered hopelessly surrendering to execution
Refuge camps would be exactly like the death camps in 1938 and throughout the war. People would be told the walls and barbed wire are there to protect them even as guards herd them around at gun point and begin beatings, rapes and executions.
The Obama led UN NWO OWG would round up ALL Christians and Jews in exactly the same fashion as the Nazi’s did. Terrorist would begin the massacre while arrestes are made with MSM coverage. Refuge camps would be set up for people to flee to where they would
Upon a President Hillary Clinton surrender of the USA to the Obama led United Nations the Pil Pot civilian massacres would commence.. Social media gathers by google, FB, Garmin GPS would round up charge and execute conservatives, Christian and ALL Jews.
The globalist intend to impeach POTUS Trump then try for treason under Alinski rules for radicals, install HRC as rightful winner of the 2016 election who would then surrender to the UN with Obama as Secretary General inaugurating NWO OWG.
Globalist left the Army alone thought they were bumpkins. Globalist thought they would see the army on their knees surrendering to UN Troops under the orders of Hillary Clinton whom they intended to install as POTUS upon incarceration of an impeached Trump
The globalist corrupted the Navy and Air Force bit didn’t bother to thoroughly corrupt the Army because they looked down on the Armybas lower class traitor trash hicks. But it was the Army that won WW I &amp; II and formed the Army Air Corp.
Their expenses are up to hundreds of millions of dollars. The war to save America under the US Constitution has gone into a private war in parallel but not directly connected to military US Army tribunals. Globalist didn’t bother to corrupt the Army as much.
Their reward for investigating the Clinton Foundation and Uranium One which implicates Mueller as well in treason will be collected at the SCOTUS after the corrupt end up at GITMO and SCOTUS is cleaned out. They will collect billions in reward money then.
The civil government is totally corrupt. The courts are corrupt. The private group will not win in the corrupted court system all the way up to the SCOTUS. 		Their work is going to military tribunals and staff in parallel to civil courts.
So you see the Mueller FBI, yes Mueller and Comey are still running the FBI from the underground Obama shadow government, once again laying pretextual traps. Everyone of those fired are still calling shots at FBI		God says be wise as serpents gentle as lambs
The RINO and Dems took the docs over to the Judiciary staff after they were assured by FBI surveillance that the reporter John Solomon was in possession of the information. 		This is being done among other reasons as a means of bring charges against Solomon.
@annvandersteel There are enough honest Experienced people on the state level available to run the US federal gov.  They will bring in a whole new crop of interns from which the best will be chosen to move up into government offices		Fixing gov easy once control established
Bill and Hillary Vlinton Clinton will gontonprison on tax evasion charges.  Within 2 years after that to GITMO on charges of Treason. Step by step they will hang		A CASE STUDY ON THE CLINTON FOUNDATION: OVERSIGHT OF NONPROFIT		https://t.co/pg4i9VgHnV
@annvandersteel The courts are totally corrupt as is the DOJ. The civil system has been completely corrupted and is incapable of delivering justice. The entire US gov is corrupt top to bottom.		Marshal Law by POTUS is the only thing left that can save the USA 🇺🇸
@annvandersteel Government agencies are highly bloated. 90% of the people do nothing. They collect and submit reports which have been used to eliminate freedom in the USA and worse to persecute Christians and conservatives. The staff of IRS Lois Lerner as one glaring example
@annvandersteel There are a number of Christian folks holding offices in the states who are familiar with the rigors of administrating government. They will be brought to Washington D.C. to run the newly staffed gov as vacancies occur where replacements are actually needed
@annvandersteel The good news is that in a US gov no longer in the hands of fallen angels or alien control, the size of government staffing can be cut by 75%. Therefore it will be easy to replace the 25% needed to administer gov duties and responsibilities.
@annvandersteel It will be a great relief to all the people. A moment of celebration quickly followed by the realization that there is so much work to do to get the US civil government back on its feet. A whole new crop of gov people will be needed to run the gov immediately
@DavidWohl Threee is an old saying. “Shep, your full of it.”  No lies by Flynn or anyone else. No crime.  		The deep state court room of public opinion is just as corrupt as the judicial system and Congress.  		Shepard Smith is deep state MSM sitting in Fox News
@DavidWohl CIA Shepard Smith will end up at GITMO. No more perverted organisms for him.  Boy friends Anderson Cooper &amp;John Brennan will be executed at GITMO		He has been a conspirator in the coup guilty of Treason. His dream to own Fox News during the NWO OWG but wont
@DavidWohl Make no mistake, Shepard Smith hates you unless you are his devoted follower but then he only loves your following not you the person.  		Shepard Smith is CIA, has Deep contacts in MSM namely CIA boyfriend Anderson Cooper. He is a coup insider from day one.
@DavidWohl Gays, LGBT, save yourselves. Turn away from the prince of the world and the shadow &amp; deep state gov who’ve murdered 100’s of million of innocent people		Shepard Smith fantasizes of gay orgy parties aboard his own private mega yacht while the USA 🇺🇸 burns 🔥
@DavidWohl So here you see where the loyalties of a gay man lie. In bed with the deep state. No family loyalties. No patriotism. No love of country. No love for the people. They use everyone and everything to their disposal, even the Fox News audience.
Clinton Foundation whistle blowers threatened by FBI deep state. Coached not to make any factual definitive statements.  They were told to intentionally contradict themselves especially if they by mistake make a material statement.		https://t.co/ZtIolWKib2
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov Bill Barr is a strategic pick for obvious reasons. DiGenova is well liked by MAGA people. DiGenova is always a phone call away too. Doubtful that Barr would back down.
@JoshT1776 @darhar981 There is a reason here not a betrayal of MAGA and jobs.		POTUS Trump never said that every single job woulld be an American. Of course the lions share will be Americans without saying		Complain to GM Mary Barra for moving GM jobs to China &amp; Christmas layoffs.
@winstonCovfefe @darhar981 Nothing to fear if all those who feel that way leave as they say they will do.  If they don’t like US Law under our Constitution with jurisprudence then no one is holding them here. The Pilgrims left to find religious freedom. Sharia Muslims can leave too.
@winstonCovfefe @darhar981 US Law is the Law of The Land. No other Law will be allowed to invade the USA. Muslims can practice their religion but jurisprudence is strictly reserved under US Law by the USC. Those who don’t like it are free to leave &amp; go back to where u came from
@JoshT1776 @darhar981 Keep the faith.
@JoshT1776 @darhar981 Ireland is at an importeant inflection point and poised to show leadership. Northern Ireland uses the pound sterling even as the people struggle to see BREXIT fulfilled while Southern Ireland is the Republic which is a separate country using the Euro.
@JoshT1776 @darhar981 They are not Jihadist and Trump is not against legal immigration.  This will bolster ties with Ireland.  We want foreign investment and business relationships with friendly countries to grow. Good synergies will result. No qualified US jobs will be lost.
@politicalHEDGE Nope.
RT @IIIDeaton: "Truly, truly, I say to you, you are seeking me, not because you saw signs, but because you ate your fill of the loaves." Jo…
@AnnCoulter Ann you are neurotic. Really. You need to go find a cabin in the mountains and take up water colors. It’s embarrassing.
RT @RudyGiuliani: Mueller’s office erased all the remaining messages on Stroyk and Paige cell phones even after their anti-Trump conspirato…
This man wanted to be seen as defending the deep state. He was trying to elevate himself in the eyes of the deep state people watching. And they think he is a fool. A nobody. They were nonplussed.  What an idiot.
That guy will go to prison for hate crimes, committing religious persecution and persecution of political enemies of the left.  Sry arrogant and stupid. Not good at answering and dodging questions like the evil Wiccan Nazi Mueller.
this man worked for IRS Lois Lerner claims he didn’t see anything wrong but then launches an impassioned over the top defense. All he had to do was answer questions.  “No my hand was not in the cookie jar”. His impassioned defense stood out as an IRS LOYALIST
Watch how stupid these deep state sycophants are. This guy gives himself away immediately by going on a Peter Strzok like feigned righteous defense of IRS denying they targeted Christians and conservatives. 		https://t.co/w3z9XyrUut via @YouTube
@RudyGiuliani It was not their place to examen or make a judgement.  This is out of control. Where is the chain of custody. If they can not follow procedure then the entire department needs to be fired for this crime, investigated by an outside agency with prosecutions.
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov CNBC has praticly turned into overt coup d’état support. The whole tone has shifted leftist markedly over the last few months since the fraud Christine Blakely Ford coup hoax. Defending the Fed, casting aspersions, illogical doubts on policy. Angry to watch
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov Getting China squared away is vital for global stability among nation states which now are about to step on a learning curve on how to govern themselves as they are freed from the globalist. POTUS Trump is showing how it can be done. ✅
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov While the cats away the mice will play, mom used to say.  Whitaker, J. Powell, Mary Barra, all while at the G-20 where we would have had a Deal, good for the USA, China and the world. POTUS will get the deal anyway and even better then before. Jesus will help
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov Joe DiGenova is probably the only totally honest, patriotic man knowledgeable and capable of being an effective AG for POTUS. Whitaker disappointed by allowing the arrest of Huawei. It only takes one screw up like that to show ones hand as a fool or a traitor
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov Can’t wait to see phony crook Bob Corker taken to GITMO. A looser who made himself a millionaire early on by using his office in Tennessee to sell land to the county gov and couldn’t wait to get on financial committees to get on the Wall St, K St gravy train
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov They will never back down. The Chief enforcement officer in the land will bring Justice. This is guaranteed by none other then God Jesus himself, for the sake of the children. The little children. Jesus is active in the affairs of man.
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov I see conservatives beginning to criticize POTUS Trump for not doing anything to stop these demonic fiends. We Can be sure he is not waisting a minute working “Secretly”and appropriately and effectively so to win this war against the USA being waged in a coup
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov POTUS Trump has given every deep state sychophant the option of coming clean &amp; getting on board. The more he’s done that the more arrogant&amp;belligerent they have become. They condemn themselves. They’re driving themselves 6 feet beneath the point of no return
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov We The People watch and pray God listens and helps. This will not, can not go on two more years much less forever and it won’t.  God listened to prayers rising like smoke from the earth and he sent POTUS Trump Before it was to late. Not after it was to late
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov Roger Stone strangely speaks highly of Fox News Judge Nap to this very day yet Judge Nap disparages POTUS Trump almost daily. Is Judge Nap a Vatican agent or helping Trump buy time with spurious nonsense designed to keep public expectations at bay until J day
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov Of the people who were called in to get Trump into the race Manafort sits in solitary confinement. He didn’t register and report because the reports are  read by the deep state which gives your covert war against the communist globalist away.
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov POTUS knows he has the upper hand now. He is just putting the icing on the cake.  They confess and get their sentence or they murder his family before his eyes and then murder him. POTUS Trump would know there is no compromise but it never crossed his mind.
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov Trump knows his Constitutional powers but he needed a team with patriotic love and Loyalty who would not only follow orders, but not disobey orders of the POTUS as Sally Yates did when she refused to enforce the travel ban.  Now POTUS has critical mass
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov Trump knows completely that there can be no compromise with the globalist. He has every intention of destroying them and he told them all to their face leaving them in chagrin and dumbfounded. He told the EU and NATO this as well and they knew what he meant.
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov Trump knows the score. He looks down at all these band of Jekyll loosers with disdain. So much has happened but since they are now trying to falsify a case over Inaugural funds it’s a good time to remember his Inagural Speech. It will give US hope.
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov Look at what the Bolsheviks did Tzar Nicholes and his wife and Children. Wikipidea has the whole gruesome story of how his girls were stabbed shot while locked up in a small basement dungeon. Trump knows well their intentions. Trump always wins. We will too.
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov The shadow gov and the deep state hate POTUS Trump. This includes the Fed, Wall St, All of D.C. the media, even half of Fox News and it’s owners &amp; directors. 		POTUS is fully aware of the stakes for the USA, for his family and him.
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov Given all We know it’s hard to wait.  But this is what we choose an Executive and Commander in Chief to do. We finely got one who is on our side.  Trump knows he would never live a second if they win. Nor would Baron, Melania, Ivanka or his sons.
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov We The People are ready and waiting for POTUS Trump to make his final move. It seems clear from his own words speaking to US that he will. He has enough to do it now but there is more to getting it done perfectly or he would have pulled the trigger already.
@USA_Aquanaut @POTUS @ICEgov He is. He has spent two years assembling a civil team and a military team. The deep state has nuclear blackmail as an ace card. Recall Uranium One. They openly state that they intend to eliminate the US Constitution which is saying they intend to end the USA
@RudyGiuliani Deep state shadow gov globalist controlling US agencies, all black ops use advanced weapons to microwave &amp; laser burn down California doing so with impunity Very strange Times Alice. The USA has been pulled deep into the ground into a world we don’t recognize
@RudyGiuliani We The People feel that military Tribunals are the only viable solution.  Qanon is reporting this to be underway.  We hope it is true as there is no hope in the system from DOJ to the Courts to the Congress. They are all zombies We say.
@RudyGiuliani We The People had high hopes for the SCOTUS but we see Kavanaugh’s not what we thought he was. Justice Roberts has shocked US too. So now we are in dismay over the state of the USC. The coup d’état has no chance of being defeated in the judiciary Nor Congress
@RudyGiuliani The courts are immensely and pervasively corrupt.  So We The People know that justice will never be delivered in the courts. Judges are afraid of the deep state. Judges are used to being told what to do by the Feds. Anyone can be one of those kinds of judges
@RudyGiuliani We The People sitting on the jury in the US Court of Public Opinion agree with you. We have long reached our verdict finding Mueller guilty of treason but US Congress has US locked up in the jury room. The bailiff Doj will not deliver our verdict.
@USA_Aquanaut Until then we just have to live with the facts in view of the public and wait for POTUS Trump to pull the trigger knowing he will. He is waiting as long as possible to allow the facts to be gathered, connections between facts made and cases formed.
@USA_Aquanaut People are being murdered before they can testify.
@USA_Aquanaut A new witness protection program is need separate from and apart from the one that Mueller ran at the deep state FBI which protected mafia hit men who murdered dozens. 		Perhaps in a special division under ICE. Possibly under a newly formed private contractor
@USA_Aquanaut Plenty of proof in front of the public. Prosecutions and convictions are what it will take to make it recorded history.		We will need to wait for that. Trump has the pulse. There is nothing anyone else can do other then come forward with information.
@Surfingranny4DT @hannity @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs @RealCandaceO @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @Ocasio2018 @NancyPelosi @SenFeinstein Yes inevitable. It’s impossible to stop this coup d’état in the corrupt courts or Congress. Even the SCOTUS is not a safe bet		All We The People have is for them to plead guilty to a military tribunal or the tribunal makes their crimes public if they don’t
We The People are taking back the terms which the leftist Socialist Alinski global communist have perverted such as progressive. Progressively cleaning out corruption is the new normal Progressive.
The RINO’s and Dem Senators and Congressmen and women are easy to identify now as they trafficked on unsecured servers.  Arrests are coming and military trials in GITMO. The house will turn profoundly Red as 2019 progresses. Red is the new progressive right.
Look at all the Dem senators and even RINO Senators such as TN Bob Corker.  It’s treason and sedition folks. Looks like GITMO for Bob Corker the plantation master wannabe.  Every single one now will be facing life in prison at best.
POTUS Obama disseminated classified material to fuel his coup d’état without officially declassifying it including information gained fraudulently from Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) warrants. Treason		https://t.co/xdpBqzq0YS via @worldnetdaily
@Condor_Law @KellyDetoni In other words the Pelosi Schumer Soros mob bosses instruct the illegals Banditos to say “Stickem up senior Trump.” 		Only POTUS Trump didn’t answer the door bell. He stayed locked and loaded inside our Home Land.
@charliekirk11 @steph93065 But they have transgender bathrooms and pedophile school teachers tell your little boy you act feminine, would you like to try being a girl. Suicide rates in California high schools are a kept secret and the reason why after so much psych abuse.
So this is one reason why POTUS Trump is very interested in protecting whistleblowers. They know a lot. Take Uranium One as just one example.
This is what someone told me in a bar. Take it with a grain of thought but it is an interesting thing if true.
This process is standard in any service or contractor duty across the board.  There are millions of civilians who have their minds locked in. Afraid to say a word. Everything all wrapped up nice and tight. Who do they turn to that will not put them in prison?
Some people have felt that what they were seeing was criminal but their mind set was not to make any conclusions. Or so I am told of course. The deep state has covered their tracks before they are even made. Invisible tracks.
Then you raise your right hand and swear an oath to protect and defend the US Constitution but you see nothing, hear nothing and u are programmed to not connect any dots or draw any conclusions. Some people find themselves amidst very strange circumstances
This was in 1984. The second time in 2005.  Same procedure.  You are programmed not to connect any dots. Not to make any assumptions no matter how obvious.  Very convenient mind conditioning and u would be surprised to see how effective it is.
If you get a top secret security clearance you take a course before hand.  Then you get a questionnaire. One of the questions asked over and over again several times is “Do you believe in conspiracy theories.”  So you are programmed to remain ignorant.
These foolish globalist sycophants were sending money abroad to unstable sovereigns to weak to protect their wealth on the assumption that the UN NWO would be their protectors.  And then there are the underground cities in the US and world wide.
In preparation for the bankruptcy of US Treasury via the Federal Reserve the Clinton’s and the globalist have been looting America for decades. They have been stashing money and buying assets around the world.  Who do you think was buying up Bitcoin.
@USAWatchdog 		Nearly all of the money received by the Clinton Foundation came from the US Tax payers through foreign aid kicked back to CF &amp; CGI cloaked in donations.		Your money.		Greg Hunter - Weekly News Wrap-Up  https://t.co/SnWJWNfi8T via @YouTube
@KamalaHarris It’s just fashionable for Democrats to protest the wall. Fashions go away and then come back again. You will love the wall and support the wall.
@KamalaHarris Yes Kamala, you will suport it.  The Democrats all used to support it. What goes around comes around and you will all suport it again. 		Watch and learn.
RT @MLazar14: https://t.co/ceLBINvaNv
[Q] What Did 'THEY' See🎁 (!) George N.W.O Bush https://t.co/MNDHS4wftO via @YouTube		Mark Zukerberg can not hide in China.
@ChristusPatriot @herredness66 @almostjingo @grizzlemeister @TheTrumpLady @DonnaWR8 @breaking9111 @RealMattCouch @rentonMagaUK @ReneeCarrollAZ He will be pardoned.
They grieve for their own but not for the millions who die at their commands nor for the 60 million babies brutally sacrificed to Baal, dismembered, cut into pieces and sold for profit. But they cry like babies for their own.
George W. didn’t need to look. He knew what it was. He was informed ahead of the moment. He had already digested it and the significance of showing the rest was clear to G.W. as well.		They murder millions rationalizing that they do right.
POTUS Trump is delaying for as much time as possible before declassifying &amp; Marshal Law.  Deep state people better run for it		Mueller is about to be arrested. He is to arrogant to make a run for it as his Nazi Father and other Nazi’s did. No funeral for him
Every single surviving Bush needs to turn to God in private in their knees confessing U were wrong and that you are a sinner guilty of sending so many to hell without a chance that you now have to be saved by the blood of Jesus. But U won’t. Will U?
Zero sympathy for people who have a career committing massive crimes against humanity. We The People are Very thankful for those with the presence of mind to order and do what has to be done.  This is the only way to save the USA &amp; the world from Nuke 🔥
Notice POTUS Trump glanced over rightfully supervising justice being served as the Chief Law Enforcement Officer in the Land. POTUS Trump does not duck responsibility for his decisions and actions because the are rightfully and justly administered.
Obama and HRC will be executed in like manner. Very possibly G.W. and Jeb and they know it. Most of all so does Laura Bush who will face extradition from Paraguay and life in GITMO for harboring knowledge of crimes against humanity and treason.
Everyone standing behind them in the first few rows saw the whole thing including a glimpse of the picture but only a glimpse of something to hard to believe, but as We The People know, well deserved for a man guilty of murdering JFK and millions.
It was a picture of G.W. Standing next to G.H. strapped to a gurney holding his hand as he was chemically executed.		Who’s next? Most of them.		Did George W Bush Pass "IT" to Laura Before She Showed Jeb Bush? https://t.co/QD8lZKrC5S via @YouTube
Excellent solution. Gun carrying permits stoped Florida car jackings and can stop FBI school shootings. Florida school-massacre panel: Arm teachers! - WND https://t.co/7SHJ3M11MD
This raging woman is nuts. She is no help at all. 		Ann Coulter Responds to Contentious WH Meeting https://t.co/KvoIuuLBgS via @YouTube
Deserves The Guillotine?! DiGenova Rips Rod Rosenstein Apart As Dishones... https://t.co/5mWEEUgAV0 via @YouTube
He should know. He allowed everything to drag out until it was to late and the Paul Ryan led Red defeat of the House materialized.		'They'll Do Everything to Disrupt Trump': Gowdy Predicts Dems to Stymie Legislature | Fox News Insider https://t.co/DdaopBbGro
Walls work or nobody would ever build one. Very basic. Can zombies think?		'It Works': Israeli Mayor Says Border Wall With Egypt Eliminated Illegal Immigration in 2 Years | Fox News Insider https://t.co/bJAiwrtGRY
Gorka: General Flynn's 'Lying to Feds' Conviction Is 'Classic Entrapment' | Fox News Insider https://t.co/YbVKk2tGOC
Judge Nap is an evil fool. Fire Judge Nap and replace Fox News. 		Judge Nap on Flynn's Allegation of FBI Pressure: 'That Is Not a Defense to Lying' | Fox News Insider https://t.co/xWIseWO51I
This is what keeps US Free from foreign invaders. Soon from the invaders from within. 		WATCH: FLOTUS Visits Troops at Military Bases, Tours USS George HW Bush Aircraft Carrier | Fox News Insider https://t.co/4YbNpNGivF
@OfficeOfMike @JulieReichwein1 It’s a cabal of corrupt. Mueller is the most dangerous right now. Bit so are so many others.		We must all confess our sins to God and pray in Jesus Christ to be delivered from the Satanic overthrow of the USA....   and the world.
RT @MLazar14: Amen praise god Helleluha https://t.co/h4iAnfMvw1
@RealJamesWoods More globalist wealth transfer as they accelerate the California zombies to destruction.
RT @Heather27329011: Seriously? 🤦‍♀️ https://t.co/Wcs0jnqNHh
Illegal tapes should be thrown out if the Law was followed. 		Regardless, it comes down to total declassification now, add all 70 hours of recorded FBI interviews of Cohen. No doubt they will loose those tapes or portions they wouldn’t ant omitted.
At this point anyone who falls for all of these twisted accusations is a fool deserving what is coming if We The People do not step up to the plate, in particular those Masons in the judiciary, government and military. You will all suffer immense loss if not.
Lanny Davis is a deep state operative closely connected to the Obama Soros shadow gov. Cohen was stupid to pick him but was coerced to do so by Mueller. 		Lanny was there to betray Cohen and deliver him into the hands of Mueller.
@FlynnJack515 Every single judge is corrupted. There is no longer any hope in the US Judicial system. 		We must overthrow the globalist deep state and take back America from the corrupt. If we can not do that then all is about to be lost and on this track it is.
@FlynnJack515 Judge Sullivan will not throw out the Flynn case. The FBI has dirt on him just as they did on Justice’s Kavanaugh and Roberts as well as every single other Justice, Judge, politician, General and gov worker.		Don’t let your minds get pulled into the swamp.
If We The People allow this witch hunt Coup to continue We Will loose the USA, our Freedom, property and families for ever. We Must Stop this.		Cohen's Former Lawyer: Tape Shows Trump Knew Cash Payment Was to Silence McDougal https://t.co/oxZ3O1gjDK
Cut all ties with ignorant family members and friends who side with the globalist against POTUS Trump.  They will only demoralize you and cause you to loose heart. Put the pressure on them to Wake Up and take stock of what is going on or will loose everything
Great distress is coming on Americanif We The People begin to allow demurred Fox News globalist to drag morale down with these stupid EXTREMELY short sighted interviews. Everyone thinks it’s all about how they look on tv except POTUS Trump.
We The People can only back POTUS Trump in every way possible, beginning with telling friends and family that you support POTUS Trump 100% and if they don’t like it you could care less about their opinions. Go down their throats. Cowards kneel WTP will not.
Thank Mitch McConnell for Senate approval and appointment of Special Council Robert Mueller, son of the Nazi Gestapo.  The US government is beyond repair. It is been corrupted top to bottom ever since G.W. Bush. Before that it was limited to the top mostly
Are We Now so mindlessly stupid that we give any weight whatsoever to Any Dem motivated, RINO assisted establishment elite’s witch  hunt treason? While Fox News press may be, We The People see right through to the elite traitors behind the curtain.
POTUS Trump has NOT violated campaign laws. He has turned America around from the globalist sell out to China.  Even if a mistakes were made, which they weren’t, should we abandon our USA and Freedom to HRC, Mueller, and allow Treason to continue and murders?
With massive evidence of fraud Fox News should be asking Mueller those notorious names questions about their Fake investigation to frame innocent men like Gen Flynn, and POTUS		Somber tones and saying I want to move on dismissively undermines accomplishment
Amid the plethora of legacy worthy accomplishments the press chooses to pose their questions with a doubtful tone as if to imply “Look bud, you have nice accomplishments but we take those for granted as nothing against these witch hunt allegations.” What?
POTUS Trump has so many legacy worthy accomplishments any one of which would be sufficient to stand as his lasting legacy. Yet the great significance of any single one of these seems to be taken completely for granted by even Fox News as if it’s nothing?
History could record a single legacy on any one of the many POTUS Trump accomplishments. Reagan’s lasting legacy amid others like rebuilding the military was taking down the Berlin Wall		Trump stoped NOKO, Nukes, economy, trade many		https://t.co/tVTkTWSM3b
Chain of custody. Prosecute these people for treason and execute those convicted. It is the only way to stop them permanently and save the USA and world		IG: Mueller's office wiped data on Strzok, Page iPhones - WND https://t.co/MiHdyY4uWP via @worldnetdaily
The spoiled lazy sex club pedophile deep state intentionally attempted to sabotage POTUS at the G-20. 		They will hang soon. All of them are guilty of throwing the world into turmoil and a deep state of human suffering. 		Get them out, hang the guilty.
Trump faces pushback after saying he may intervene in arrest of…	https://t.co/qBxecyNIsJ @CNBC
Whitaker. Friend, foe or fool?		SOMETHING BIG IS COMING!! Joe diGenova on Mueller's Michael Flynn Senten... https://t.co/N77fPvhBW7 via @YouTube
@charliekirk11 Elizabeth Warren, a stark raving lunatic.
Weak men we are all without God.  Satan knows where you will give in and serve him. Cohen cried not over what he did just that he was to face prison. 		Cohen is a liar. Exactly the type the FBI likes to use.		https://t.co/wb1HFvqsyJ via @YouTube
White House Rumor Mill Churns Out Latest Name For Vacated WH Chief Of St... https://t.co/nYSww4kH47 via @YouTube
@Gngerbrdgrl @scroggstlace13 Fire the FBI.		Shut down the US government. It is all deep state and globalist controlled, 		George Soros is the primary globalist agent boss over the USA. 		Declassify and shut it down.
RT @Gngerbrdgrl: FBI Agent Levinson Found Alive in Iran; FBI Director Wray &amp; VP Pence Block Hostage’s Rescue by Intel Operators https://t.c…
@camanpour @TIME Christiane Amanpour, another globalist shill out selling poisoned apples.
Boy dumps last name 'Trump' after fierce bullying - WND https://t.co/dqchPBylMk via @worldnetdaily		Keep the name. Dump the school. Home schooling is a great learning experience. Public schools are hell. communist pedophile trans gen indoctrination.
Russia sends two nuclear-capable Tu-160 bombers to Venezuela https://t.co/Tim441iVL9
Bit the leaders at the very top and are bifercated into two silos. The white witches and the black witches. for example Oprah Winfrey white hat deceived via Hollywood illuminate New Age v Joy Behar a black hat pedophile torture child sacrifice witch.
God did not show Satan (God no longer addresses Satan by his former pre-fall name Lucifer. Only Luciferians believing he is an angel of light whom they worship refer to Satan as Lucifer.  They think they are doing good by following Lucifer.
God took Satan into the future just as he took the Apostle John onto segments of the future. But God did not show Lucifer many things.He did not show Satan King Cyrus who delivered Israel before captivity back to their promise land nor did he see POTUS Trump
The reason the election of Donald J. Trumpmwas unforeseen is because God blocked Satan’s vision. God has revealed the future to Satan when he fell, but only parts of the future. God took Satan into the future and showed him events live.		Many parts left out
The Yuan was to replace the dollar all along as the transfer of the USA lock stock and barrel to China via manufacturing plowed on. There was no need foreseen to transform China Inc. manufacturing into high tech as the election of Trump was unforeseen.
Globalist set about shoring up the Global plan for the Lucifer Trust OWG NWO. The foundation is financial. The currency is the US Dollar which enforces all the IMF rules etc. (Trump is taking back the $ from the Luciferians whom HRC &amp; Alinski pays tribute to
So the globalist set about perfecting the plan. While Satan the once light bearer now fallen Cherub appears to them in meetings in various mansions. He used to hold meetings at the Biltmore estate grand dinning room table with 13 chairs situated on each side.
The Globalist plan had so many holes in it. Why? Because God blocks Satans vision so that he never sees all of the pieces. The result is haphazard planing top to bottom because Satan is under pressure by God and is in a rush, knowing his time is short.
Globalist leaders realized the plan was simply not built out sufficiently enough to lead to its advertised conclusion. Thus globalist billionaires controlling the global deep state began to protest the Shadow gov leaders and began backing out to nationality
@USAWatchdog 		The Globalist Rothschild Global bankruptcy plan went into motion in 2008 causing a global financial lock up via the US global currency but a retreat was made when billionaires of the Globalist shadow gov panicked and reversed course.
It is true that the Rothschild plan for USA Treasury BK via private families holdings corp US Federal Reserve has long been the plan. It is now accelerating to a USA triggered via “GLOBAL” $ bankruptcy		It shall fail.		https://t.co/197sGNnHEb via @YouTube
@mflynnJR The deep state collapses.
Obama sent cash to Iran to overtake Saudi in missile attack. Shadow gov previously tried similar plan using Saddam Hussein with Russian advisors. Same chess game different pieces. Same objective. Set up to Destroy Israel. 		Trump sold King missile defense.
Iran was to purchase missiles from NOKO with $170 Billion US Obama cash. Trump undoes the threat and sells Saudi missile defense system which uses Israeli technology, deepening cooperation for peace &amp; stability. 		Trump overturns Obama/Brennan war plan.
John Brennan organized the Saudi Arabia deep State as a part of a plan to overthrow the King in a coup allowing Iran to overtake Saudi Arabia.   From Benghazi Libya, Egypt, Iran the rise of Shia Islam competition with Turkey to destroy Israel &amp; USA.
John Brennan reorganized the Saudi Arabia deep state.		Secret Military Tribunals... https://t.co/qInkJsyNkm via @YouTube
@LTezekjian Terrorist did not orchestrate 911. G.W. Bush did and Mueller covered it up. They blew up the Federal building in Oklahoma City as well. The deep state sponsors terrorism.  		Declassification coming. Government shut down will end FBI CIA terrorism.
@LTezekjian As the USA is now an exporter of oil and no longer buying foreign oil the demand drop has caused a back flood of oil world wide.  China imports less as manufacturing continues decline. 		Petro dollar no longer funding terrorism.
@LTezekjian Qatar and Saudi deep state oil money fuels terrorism and the US Dollar fuels Middle East oil via the petroleum dollar. There is no other reliable currency on earth. Yuan falling, Euro falling. Bit coin falling, Ruble falling. 		Terrorist love money.
@LTezekjian There will be no shutdown of the grid.		1. It’s to big and highly complex controlled by satellites.	2. No nation will shut down the global economy, not even a terrorist nation because terrorist nations and all corrupt leaders live off of American money.
@pollsofpolitics @vol98fan @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Shut down the government except DOD. It’s all deep state anyways. 		Fire the government. 		Kill leviathan.
@CNBC @FoxBusiness @IngrahamAngle @realDonaldTrump 		Expect gasoline prices to drop to $1.00 a gallon by end of first quarter 2019. 😀
@RealJamesWoods @vol98fan Nancy despises transparency.  So does Schumer. This was great to see.
@RealJamesWoods @vol98fan When Nancy is in the White House MSM will make it her production only, with a few tid bits thrown in by Schumer whom X Y Z gen do not like. He polls very low. Soros keeps Schumer but for how long?
@RealJamesWoods @vol98fan Nancy only makes sound bites for MSM from which they will edit out everything but what she says. This then becomes fake truth to the not so many zombies that tune in, anxious to hear emotional sound bites they can feed on. Facts mean nothing to Bolsheviks.
@RealJamesWoods @vol98fan Trump laid out the facts clearly stating the wall has been 100% effective and that the only illegals getting in went to where there was no wall.  Nancy can not keep track of the simple facts claiming POTUS contradicted. She doesn’t listen.
1: Good points on Kavanaugh.  But		2: When one thing is taken away (Planned Parenthood, Evil) another thing can replace it which is good. 		3: Get Federal gov out of health care completely. kavanaugh goofed.		https://t.co/R5ajkr5trH		https://t.co/Rws92FZ25B
BREAKING: Huge News! Trump is About To Launch GAME CHANGING Mideast PEAC... https://t.co/sfmbxtpeck via @YouTube		Huge forces against Trump most notably Senator Schumer.
@seanhannity Fire the Gov, it’s all deep state.		Very nice rendition of VP Pence borrowed from Madame Tussauds wax museum.  		It would have been so meaningful if Mike Pence would have jumped in to show solidarity with POTUS Trump. Warm Fuzys from Sea to Shinng Sea
@Road_Warrior64 @worldnetdaily I think you are righteous man. Is that enough to get into heaven? The gates of Heaven are on earth. The gates are in your heart. Open it to Jesus Christ and Jesus Christ alone and do not let the one who was the bearer of a 1000 points of light sneak in?
@Road_Warrior64 @worldnetdaily Solomon started out as the purest righteous man but he turned away from God and chose to follow his heart of flesh. A King who will never enter the kingdom.  Follow Solomon or follow God?
@Road_Warrior64 @worldnetdaily Big fan of Jerry Jones and the Dallas Cowboys who is a staunch supporter of President Donald Trump, last i heard.
@Road_Warrior64 @worldnetdaily What folks can not see they will never see.  There is plenty of information. Rejecting that while holding to personal experience is understandable but take a survey of those who u feel are committing treason and ask yourself are they consistent with you?
What an amazing Warm Fuzzy feeling would have swept across the Fertile Plains from Sea to Shining Sea had Mike Pence lost his perfect composure and jumped into the fray.  It would have been an amazing moment.
@Road_Warrior64 @worldnetdaily Police Chiefs used to be the greatest guys but now look at the sanctuary cities. How did that happen?
@Road_Warrior64 @worldnetdaily The good guys need to identify and get the rotten ones out from the inside out. POTUS Trump is doing it from the outside in.
@Road_Warrior64 @worldnetdaily True but the highest level Masons talk Politics in the District of Columbia. Their direction is no longer the servant of We The People. Fellowship mutual help and cooperation for the greater good is a great thing. But at the top they are betraying US.
@Road_Warrior64 @worldnetdaily It’s time for Masons to wake up and form a new union under the US Constitution with total Transparency. You can’t adhere to Masonic loyalty and at the same time back POTUS Trump 100%. We The People need 100% now and you can’t serve God and mammon. “WarProfit”
@Road_Warrior64 @worldnetdaily Columbia the statue atop the US Capitol is Manererva the Godess of War and she has led America into many wars. She is the symbol of Neoconservatism (neocons) “The leftist who love war for Profit.” They maneuver US into wars for profits.
@Road_Warrior64 @worldnetdaily At what point do the two million Masons who only meant well step out of their cradle of life, realizing that something has changed in their means to the ends? 		When do they see that Columbia is Menrva (also spelled Menerva) is the Etruscan goddess of wars?
@Road_Warrior64 @worldnetdaily Lots of well intended Masons with deep religious convictions. Masons ran America in a principled way as you know. But did you ever find out who was at the top?  At the highest levels good was used to perpetrate evil. The deep state became corrupted by many.
In The American Civil War the North and the South clashed where the Masons drew them to blood... at the “Mason” Dixon Line. The war was not over slavery. It was over money as the term Dixie from Dix a French issued $10 note issued in the South reveals.
Mason.
Fire the Gov, it’s all deep state.		Very nice rendition of VP Pence borrowed from Madame Tussauds wax museum.  		It would have been so meaningful if Mike Pence would have jumped in to show solidarity with POTUS Trump.		https://t.co/Tj4FsfRACf via @YouTube
Kavanaugh sides with liberals in Planned Parenthood case - WND https://t.co/198Mlhkwsl via @worldnetdaily		Deceived again?  Masons.
RT @khalid_pk: Crazy hailstorm plus flash flooding in northwestern saudi city of Sakakah https://t.co/SDxFmuulZF
Bible plagues back? Hail with fire, ice covers desert - WND https://t.co/NxWEG430vp via @worldnetdaily
CNN anchors will be spending the rest of their lives in prison for their trafficking in classified material &amp; daily coup conference calls. Unrepentant Sedition &amp; Treason		CNN! Liberal Hosts Turn On Each Other AFTER https://t.co/cw27EfuM8q via @YouTube
Surprise! Toy store pushes 'birth of Jesus' for Christmas - WND https://t.co/fu239veNio via @worldnetdaily
Many good laws remain and only need to be enforced.
Freedom is a unique concept. It does not exist anywhere else in the world outside of the USA where even there it has been severely curtailed by un Constitutional laws. Yet the US Constitution still stands for US to recover our freedom with.
Evil greed of leveraging collage school loan debt on very High interest rate bonds will be a Euge backfire in the face of globalist which will wreak financial ruin them		You see the globalist are all in to topple the USA $		Are U all in to support 🇺🇸 US?
So a very large share of high yield collage school debt bond debt is about to be wiped out by forced refinancing of that debt to near Fed rates. This is otherwise known as a hair cut to bond holder which in this case are the globalist who leverage on CDO’s.
So now Soros financial engineers are scrambling to hedge School debt bonds held primarily by California, New York and sanctuary cities and in the portfolios of the globalist Marxist communist billionaires and deep state sycophants &amp; Clinton foundation.
Debt obligation is sacred but not when it was created&amp; inflated by globalist in order to fund the spread of Marxism through the Bernie Sanders Soviet Communist Universities &amp; emerging Marxist Congress Cortez 22 year olds to push USA into NWO OWG globalism
The Globalist have been warned because Soros reads nearly every post. Globalist are now trying to sell as much collage debt bonds to Pension funds that invest your money in order to unload school debt on you knowing that POTUS is about to wipe it out and them
If conservatives fold to fear it will be okay because God will have Trump prevail. For one thing the now biggest national debt overhang is school loans and Trump is about to set those debtors free because that debt is owned by the globalist.
Who will you believe, the globalist scaring you to sell while they scoop up or will you believe in God and POTUS Trump?  		Will you serve God or be a slave to fear of loosing your money?  Make your money your slave not you the slave of your money.
Who will you believe, globalist of God? Choose one to take your stand.		Matthew 6:24		No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.
The inverted Yield Curve is Not a sign of impending recession, Not a sign to buy Gold, silver or Bit coin. 		It is a sign of Fed Powell betrayal following up on the globalist Soros coup d’état war of Dem and Paul Tyan led RINO obstruction		Globalist or USA?
The globalist melt down will backfire heavily on the globalist if We The People continue to back POTUS Trump and stay invested for the future. 		Greg Hunter your young guest has his facts all mixed up, aimed at self defeating and USA defeating conclusions.
@bennyjohnson Unified voices in pledge to continue the cause of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under God indivisible with liberty and justice for all. 		Spirit of 1776 🇺🇸 live forever👍😀
RT @bennyjohnson: The Army-Navy joint rendition of the National Anthem is perhaps the most beautiful rendition you will ever hear. 		It wil…
The children of righteous parents abandoning God, chasing after false gods is the story of generations going back to Adam Help mate Eve. It is the story of the rise and fall of empires such as the British Empire built on missionaries carrying the gospel.
Economist struggled with how the war bonds would ever be paid off after WW I. Congress enacted the income tax which was supposed to last only until the War bond debts were paid off shortly after WW II.  Economist never saw Gods Help, the baby boom economy.
Individuals invest to protect themselves and only thinking of themselves and are this prone to globalist manipulations of fear and optimism. Smart investors going back hundreds of year have always recognized the connection and are contrarian investors.
The trade war in addition to being a huge loss for Chyna is also a huge loss for the EU Euro currency € and is accelerating the dissolution of the European Union		Uncertainty by the Dems Maxine Watters, to Chair Banking Pelosi dementia insanity protecting EU
Inflation was NEVER a real threat even with rising jobs &amp; incomes? Why? Because people were recovering financially, paying off debts and saving to buy a home or saving for baby boomer retirement which had already been put off. Retirements would fuel hiring
Do you live in fear or do you live in faith as our forefathers and our precious foremothers did, who persevered always believing, Always winning wealth and prosperity to the greatest nation ever		MAGA or not? It’s your choice. United we stand and prosper😀
So in a major market correction gold and silver will drop immediately and drastically. If you can not resist fear due to lack of faith in God and POTUS and the USA then your best investment will be in the US dollar in cash under your mattress.
Why did gold silver drop rappidly in 2008 u ask? Answer, because large investors in gold and silver such as Warren Buffett had taken huge positions and gold and silver but when the market dropped they were forced to sell gold and silver to cover positions
Buy every market dip (except tech for now) sell gold and silver if you believe that POTUS Trump will succeed and sell gold and silver if you think he won’t		Sell if you think 🇺🇸 $ and America goes into recession or depression? Yes becauseGold dropped in 2008.
If you choose gold and silver God has some advice to you:		James 5:3		Your gold and silver are corroded. Their corrosion will testify against you and eat your flesh like fire. You have hoarded wealth in the last days.		Nuclear fire 🔥. Which do u choose?
Mom and pop investors and even u stupid foolish weak people, sycophants to the globalist controlling Wall St running money on Wall St., who will you follow? Will you buy America believing in POTUS Trump or will you sell 🇺🇸 and buy gold and silver?
Globalist have stocked nuclear ☢️ weapons of warfare, intentionally, in the hands of Unstable nation states around the world as nuclear blackmail against nationalism to force the world into a global communist NWO OWG controlled by a few Satanic people demons
If you sell America 🇺🇸 out and buy gold the 🇺🇸 could fall despite the efforts of POTUS Trump and the world into financial and geopolitical instability with it with every bordering nation rivalry erupting into nuclear ☢️ war and nuclear ambitions.
Unlike ur grandfather, Grand mother, mother&amp;father, do you fear the future or do you believe in God and God’s plan for America and the world in preparation for the return of the Lord Jesus Christ? Will U sellout USA 🇺🇸 in fear or invest in God’s plans for US?
We The People who proudly and sincerely call ourselves patriots, who do you believe, God, the POTUS Cyrus Trump chosen of God to lead US back to freedom and a strong and Great America again..		Or do you fear and believe the globlist unlike you father&amp; mother?
Mr. and Mrs. USA 🇺🇸, who do you believe in and what do you. Relieve in? Do you believe that God raised America, and for what purpose? As a protectionfor the gospel of Jesus Christ and for the protection of Israel and God’s people Jew and Gentile believers?
British Missionaries carried the gospel around d the world and God fueled the financing of spreading the gospel world wide by financing England and the British pound sterling.  When the British Empire turned against Israel God rose the USA to power WWI&amp;II
The sun never set on the British missionaries who carried the gospel around the world and the British Empire with it. Satan hates missionaries but God protects them. Did POTUS Trump bring missionary pastor Andrew Brunson back from Turkey?
Your parent and grand parents believed in God, respected and loved the righteousness of God but baby boomers Bill and Hillary Clinton, G.W. Bush and Obama, Generation X: Born 1965 – 1976 abandoned God completely and chased after pagan gods known as demons.
Your grand parents and parents went abroad and fought tyranny in all the wars since WWI and before to the Barbary pirate wars, which gave birth to the USMC. 		And they bought War Bonds when No One Knew how the war debt after WWI and II would ever get paid off
If you think as your grand mother, grandfather, mother and father thought you will buy America and become wealthy even as the globalist GO BROKE as POTUS Trump pulls America out of their grips and you out with it. 		Your parents bought US gov war bonds.
Invest in America with optimism or sell America in pessimism? It’s your choice. You will make this decision based upon your outlook of where the USA as represented by the Flag that you stand for and salute and pledge your allegiance too will rise OR fall?
Now when good hard working mom and pop go on line and listen to fear mongering by conservative YouTube guys whom we love, selling economic fear while attracting viewers with political hope, what you’re seeing is a “Mixed message” based on lack of knowledge
When people believe in the concept of the USA and that it will prevail and prosper BECAUSE it is Free they will stay invested No Matter What and they become wealthy. The USA is not a “Falling Knife”. Thus the old saying “Never bet against America.”
Smart investors are self described contrarian investors who spot value and buy when everyone else is selling and they sell when everyone has entered the market right down to the taxi driver famously giving a Wall St. banker tips on buying stocks.
The idiom beware “Not to catch a falling knife” is a good one when applied to an individual stock or stock sector, BUT this idiom does not apply to the USA which is the Greatest stock value in the world. To sell the market is to say I have no Faith in the USA
To “Catch a falling knife” is an old idiom used to describe the dangers of buying a rapidly falling stock in the hopes that it will suddenly turn around. When a stock drops below fair value it signals a buy but when it falls rapidly it signals fear
Their is only one driving factor ratio in the market. It is optimism verses fear. Expressed another way at both extremes bullish v bearish. 		Free people think for themselves but at times such as the end of WW I and during and after WW2 must be unified.
The Soros computers can  cause micro flash crashes that can not even be seen or detected which acting as a ruder on a ship, or if you will, an elevator on an aircraft which can pull the market down in uncertainty but by undetectable bit to accompany FAKE NEWS
Super computers owned by George Soros situated within meters of the stock exchanges allow for supper fast trading to the millisecond which is faster then a nanosecond by a power of 10 v 9.  Thus they can beat the market in and out and flash crashes.
In this hour that will determine the course of the world We The People investors must stay united behind POTUS Trump and buy the market when the Globalist Shake out the weak hands with rigged algorithms situated only meters/feet from the stock markets.
The Union of states agreed upon and enacted in the US Constitution establishes the right, Unlike Any Other Nation on earth to self control and Freedom. United (in unity) We Stand, Devided WE Fall. 		We The People must think in a United way. It’s our history.
Let’s talk about mom &amp; pop investing for the future nest egg. 		The United States of America is a Union (1865) made up of We The People with a common idea that Freedom is a God given right. U have a right to control yrself not the globalist.
As a POTUS economy surged the now Soviet Communist panicked. The European globalist who control the deep state ratcheted up the uncertainties through the Democrat party in order to stifle and smother the POTUS economic recovery, thus to save global communism
By forcing EU to pay its fair share, not more then its share under a long standing treaty, the EU entered a budget crises so EU banks were forced to expand  money supply. POTUS added Euge pressure with demands for EU to scrap trade barriers and tariff robbery
The EU Value Added Tax system was made viable and sustainable Soley on the fact that higher consumer prices left more margin to tax Europeans on while still leaving profits to globalist corporations.  POTUS cut into that initially by forcing payments to NATO
EU was birthed by POTUS Clinton. It was financed in parallel to China by huge EU trade Tarriffs &amp; barriers which limited competition from US autos (trucks and SUV’s) &amp; goods in the EU consumer market. Europeans paid higher prices making VAT viable
What some call the “Trade War” with China and Europe is a defensive war which as POTUS Trump emphasizes We Did Not Start. This is an easy win for the USA but a huge loss for Chyna. The USA has financed the rise of global communism to the point of engulfing US
The search for escape velocity began with discussions emerging out of the 2008 economic crisis from which POTUS, not Obama put US on. Escape velocity referring to Quantitative Easing money circulating on Main Street USA rather then Wall St/Chyna Inc.
We now have an engineered result as the result of a coward sycophant J. Powell’ lying and betrayal of POTUS Trump who picked him based on a mutual understanding and agreement on what the Fed needed to do to get on board for economic“Escape velocity”
So we now have a market decoupling from rational fundamentals. The 2yr demand is up for corporate expansion to take advantage of a competitive environment emerging under POTUS Trump reforms (Optimism) while at the same time you have fear returning due to Dems
Political uncertainty delayed buying 10 yr to lock in yet demand for cap spending on large Factory and equipment expansion remained so the 2 yr demand really took off as a result of loosing the house to Maxine Waters and Pelosi.  Thus 2 yr above 10 yr.
Dem caused uncertainty by the coup d’état delayed the shift back to the 10 yr and political uncertainty v elections, the house loss caused corporate borrowers to stay in the 2 yr rather then lock in rising rates on the 10 yr.
Enter the inverted yield curve: Cap spending kicked in with factories, jobs, optimism as trade agreements scrapped, replaced by new pro fair USA.  But at the same time Dem political OBSTRUCTION brought uncertainty back just as demand for cap spending returned
Fed Chair Powell stuck to his agreement for as long as it took to be confirmed but then almost immediately betrayed POTUS Trump by raising rates prematurely. What was his excuse? Fake inflation fears. This blocked shifting back to 10 yr for one as rates rose
Retiring the US Fed debt at a slower rate then GDP growth would allow huge growth to continue &amp; accelerate the economy taking full advantage of gov tax, regulations, oil &amp; gas energy unshackling, Huge GDP growth. So POTUS picked J. Powell for Fed Chair.
POTUS Trump economic &amp; gov policies brought market surge from investors thus the Fed could follow behind and reduce its borrowing and retire debt. POTUS has an agreement with Fed Chair Powell to retire debt at a much slower rate then GDP growth.
Because of prevailing market uncertainty borrowers borrowed with a short term mentality. Chap 11 became the put ie no risk. 		Then comes POTUS Trump bringing Real hope and change, not fake. 		Factories &amp;jobs coming back the 10 yr rate climbs.
QE kept rates low on 2&amp;10. In uncertainty with low rates borrowers first used the 10 to lock in long term debt then turned more to the 2 year for the rest of their needs, in particularly for “Capital spending”financing. The 2 yr became popular in uncertainty
When you are un certain you do everything tentatively including borrowing. The 2 year is now the largest market and thus the largest market driver. Rates were low when QE money was pumping into the markets. Equity was fueling corporate capital more then bonds
The reason 2 year rates are higher now then the benchmark 10 which drives long term borrowing such as for mortgages is because of US Political Uncertainty driving the markets for year now since 2008. Thus everyone is borrowing short term:
@USAWatchdog  @NextNewsNet @realDonaldTrump		Why has the yield curve gone negative.  Answer: The 2 year interest rate has climbed above the 10 year bench mark so short term borrowing more expensive then long. Why? Answer:		https://t.co/I8nJKfiCZz
Nothing against Rush but he just can’t get there. He will always minimize the whole globalist issue, shrinking it down to a mouse and then beat on it like an elephant stamping on a mouse, in the shadow of Godzilla looming behind.
People who have never been in combat or physically assaulted simply do not poses the instincts to even believe it can be happening to them even while it is happening		People build bubbles of their own personal realities then stay in them for life unto death
Rush could just never bring himself to accept the panorama of facts that the globalist were on a long march plan for a one world global communist regime that would control people far beyond what the Bolsheviks Soviet dream could ever envision.  He still can’t
It’s more then just obstructing and restraining POTUS Trump. 		It’s about a coup d’état to topple the USA into the Globalist UN NEO OWG. Trump just got in the way.		Rush Limbaugh: Dems' goal all along to stop Trump - https://t.co/AtzIE9Ld4h via @worldnetdaily
@DoingRight1 @KerGivrTBI4Life @JulieReichwein1 @Bigdaddybtc @SURGDissection @OHIW14 @NancyKoda @jonz970 @ElaineMS01 @Clairedevlin22 @Serremmy @trumpshappygirl @fckngary @luvnewinfo @glo4itnow @ronnieressler Proof that Congressman and women represent just a few globalist people’s interests who consider themselves the elite.  They are puppets regurgitating soundbites fed to them by K Street.
RT @DoingRight1: Democratic New Logo		🏆@KerGivrTBI4Life	👄@DoingRight1🏆	🏆@JulieReichwein1	👄@Bigdaddybtc	🏆@SURGDissection🍒	👄@OHIW14 	🏆@NancyK…
God We The People ask for your healing spirit to rest upon Steven Chowder in Jeusus name we ask it.		Thank you for all those fighting for what we love, our USA the miracle of Freedom.		Pray for Steven Crowder https://t.co/6VxfssTvvo via @YouTube
“Wherefore the Lord said, Forasmuch as this people draw near me with their mouth, and with their lips do honour me, but have removed their heart far from me, and their fear toward me is taught by the precept of men:”	Isaiah 29:13 KJV https://t.co/MK3JByYGZT
@Navy1983mjb Prison and executions are the only way to rid these dedicated sex orgy club pedophiles. Power drunk occultist who believe that elimination of  We The People is the only way to their Marxist global communist sex orgy pedophile Utopia. Drunk with delusions
Trey Gowdy is poison. He doesn’t believe in prosecuting anyone and say Comey may not be a criminal?  So he would allow the unrepentant deep state after all they’ve done to walk away Scott free only to continue their coup		https://t.co/1JGgAQvWY9 via @YouTube
@Navy1983mjb Nor would I allow myself to be alone with another man’s wife. Never.
@Navy1983mjb Not only that, but I as an adult would never allow myself to be alone with someone else’s child. Never.
Get yourself a good punching bag and have a good work out but We The People would like to see u wise up and start looking at the big picture. Try not to get tunnel vision. Pilots know that tunnel vision is a hazard as punching through clouds hiding mountains
You see Senator Paul, these rogue elements do not answer to the US Constitution. Just like George H. Bush they are Yale recruited from Skull and Bones. They take orders from the deep state people Globalist Communist like Brennan. 😂😂😂
Rand believe it or not, these rogue CIA agents are not just some vigilante group. They are not self directed. They take orders from another entity known as the deep state while falsely pledging allegiance to their DC Director.
And you see Senator Paul, believe it or not they, they control rogue elements of the CIA. Yes, that’s right. Unbelievable isn’t it!  Yes so you can not depend on the CIA because of the rogue elements feeding false intel to their DC Director😉
Senator Paul We The People would like to get you up to speed on one thing. Shhh, but there is this globalist thing called the deep state It is commanded by foreign entities. They are looking to topple the USA and force us to kneel before their UN bureaucrats
We The People pick out our Chairman/CEO to run the affairs of the corporate interests of America as constituted in our mission statement known as the US Constitution. We pick the best for that. We didn’t pick you Senator Paul. 		Know your limits and excel😀
Think of We The People as the board of directors of the USA. We let the CEO, CIO, CFO and the rest take care of the minutia. We let the Chairman of the board and CEO fill us in on what we need to know because we have our businesses to take care of.
We The People have faith and trust in POTUS Trump as the executive to handle the details. You, we’re not so sure about. Stick to health care. Health Care, Health Care. You’re good at that. POTUS wants you on Health Care. That’s a big enough thing to sort out.
No Senator Paul, total openness with every details revealed does not benefit national security. We elect a president whom we have confidence in to handle executive decisions. Why don’t we just let it go at that. POTUS will fill us in on what we need to know.
Frankly We The People don’t give a damn about the details involving Saudi Arabia. WTP do care to know the details about emerging health care reform. We could use the focus of your expertise there. Your father was better with geopolitical.
Rand Paul, you’re a doctor not a President and not even a fully coherent US Senator. Stick to health care if you would. 		Your judgment were it prevalent would see the Middle East erupt into WW 3.		Do yourself a favor, take it easy.
Apparently Sen. Rand Paul does not believe in the existence of the Globalist deep state much less the US deep state. He isolated himself from those in Congress and the Senate who are doing the heavy lifting and only antagonizes POTUS Trump. Thanks a lot.
So now Senator Rand Paul is falling for the deep state coordinated assassination plot Saudi coup d’état by the Globalist deep state syndicate of US, Saudi, 5 eyes. 		Rand what do u suggest. Call CP Salman to DC to testify before you for 5 mins?
@RandPaul @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump 		Rand Paul the Senator from  Riyadh Saudi Arabia feels it his duty to prosecute CP Salman. RP Gadfly.		Rand believes in God but he does not have faith in God, thus tilting at windmills most of the day long.
He is well meaning and very useful in some areas, in particular Health Care. But in foreign affairs and geopolitical spheres he needs to not try to be out front. Rather he should let POTUS Trump deal with that and just try to follow, understand and support.
RAND Paul the Senator from 	Riyadh trying to indict the Crown Prince for the Khashoggi killing.  The advocate of staying out of foreign affairs and wars now wants to meddle in a foreign nations affairs and prosecute CP ?		https://t.co/FRNeMN6cAE via @YouTube
RAND Paul is a gadfly. He is irrelevant in many cases.  He needs to get a grip.		With CIA Director in Next Room Rand Paul Turns to the Camera And CRUSHES... https://t.co/FRNeMN6cAE via @YouTube
@Navy1983mjb This is good advice.		Never let your children alone with another adult. We Never did.  Never.
@RyanAFournier The reason the former Presidents didn’t speak to POTUS Trump is because they are all scared out of their wits. They simply froze up and Trump knows it. Melina wasn’t impressed by the former fake Presidents either. 		They weren’t snubbed.
@RyanAFournier Bill Clinton always has his mouth open with jaw hanging down as if he is about to tell a lie. 		None of those other former Presidents ever accomplished anything on their own. All lawyers and politicians except Carter who was Navy.
@BreitbartNews Ariana Grande seems to believe Obama should be President for life like Fidel Castro.  Third world mentality. She doesn’t know what country she is in.
@LaylaAlisha11 @NanaforTrump Socialist / Communist enjoy luxury travel. Bernie Sanders is a film flam Scam, a con artist turned politician looking for young fools and dreamers to pimp his ride.
BREAKING:Gen.Mike Flynn Gets No Jail Time- Mueller Protects Hillary &amp; Is... https://t.co/l5jdTlyUIG via @YouTube
Judicial Watch Presents: An Update on 'The Deep State' https://t.co/98oaZstXNW via @YouTube
CIVIL WAR ALERT !!! https://t.co/UsAnUcoqL1 via @YouTube
Thirty to forty 22 year old Demoncrats to run in 2020?  		Dem Rep. Cicilline Says Democrats Will Have '30 or 40 Great Candidates' Running for President in 2020 https://t.co/dUASNwkb0c
POTUS either wins or We All loose both in the US and the world. 		The war between Jesus Christ and Satan has come down to POTUS Trump winning or loosing. Satin winning or Jesus Christ glorified with a huge recovery and bumper crop of people awakening to Jesus
We are at a stalemate friends. G-20 should have resulted in a Deal. Due to the Deep State war by the Fed, WS, and Paul Ryan Congress we are on the razors edge of total collapse or total victory		MSM GLOBAL TRUTH BLACKOUT https://t.co/hCgn1WFMst via @YouTube
Applause on sticking with POTUS Trump by not selling fear to sell Gold. The market is the way to go. The equities market is always by definition the higher risk reward, commodities even more so for private citizens 		Safest bet for small nest egg is US $ cash
The Fed didn’t screw up. They raised on purpose to defeat POTUS initiatives. Fed is methodically raising and still signaling more raises even as oil bulls drive oil up on tangible signals of continued GDP growth and demand. Just the opposite of the Fed read
If the globalist defeat Trump stocks, money and yes even Gold and silver will be worthless.		If the globalist win nukes start exploding across the earth. 		Is that God’s plan through Jesus Christ for this age of Grace? 		Pre-trib believers take rest and pray.
1: Trump will win against the. Globalist the dollar goes up.	2: With the 150 nuclear power plants being built in China and Russia  Putin with Uranium 1 would have cornered that energy market.		https://t.co/jj8TD3nFvo via @YouTube
RT @w_terrence: Migrant Caravan trashed Mexico!		*PLEASE RETWEET* so everyone can see how they will treat our cities. 	https://t.co/PBBRVAC…
6 'Deep Staters' tried to infiltrate Trump camp in 2016 - WND https://t.co/auuLm4BIfC via @worldnetdaily
It seems people in Washington believe that no mater what happens they will stay in power. If the USA repeals the US Constitution and submits itself to the UN they feel in DC that nothing would change for them. How does giving up power keep them in power?
Appoint a separate SC to investigate HRC, Mueller and gang?  And where are you going to find someone with integrity when judges appointed by Trump rule against POTUS interests? They’re all corrupted Masons. 		https://t.co/cWpHphXhIG via @YouTube
The shadow gov plan from Soros is to mow make martyrs out of the caravan then blame POTUS Trump as it is clear that they can not get in.		BREAKING: Caravan REVOLTS! Turns On Organizers Plotting To Storm Border		https://t.co/Sths9tg27n via @YouTube
Given what is said to have been cause of death of John McCain, it would be interesting to see an autopsy performed on G.H. Bush and McCain for that matter. It can wait years or decades if need be.		https://t.co/uy2JJatdzx via @YouTube
We had the same problem in Germany in 1938. Cowardly, ineffectual politicians dithering about as the darkness rolled in.  		It will end the same way this time around. 		Wake up.		BREAKING: Comey Just SURRENDERED! https://t.co/w70MXjRMjO via @YouTube
Paul Ryan is a deep state made man under the shadow gov. Not self made. He is a pussy. A coward, thus a sycophant traitor who is willing to follow the plan of  Globalist TREASON.		Good riddance, Paul Ryan https://t.co/VygAe9hb76
@IAMSavedRYou2 Amen sister. Knowing Jesus, following him to the Father and the kingdom of glory where the streets are paved with gold where we will be for ever, makes this walk fascinating.  Fellowship with Jesus here and there and the family of God Golden.
RT @The_Trump_Train: https://t.co/FWJRNzBUB3
@dbongino Nobody wants to be associated with a loser, not even the leftist.
@StoneColdRoger Roger, Judge Nap is on the dark side and you are being sold out by all associated. 		Break all ties or you will end up in solitary like Manafort. 		It’s a sad business isn’t it? Jesus is your only friend not the Pope.
@willsommer Nice try FBI.
@ElianaBenador @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Take a peek at Deutsche Bank.
@ElianaBenador @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @CNBC But Trump will straighten this mess out on his own WITHOUT your help because u spoiled fools are worthless. Wall St is of no use any more. Ur supposed to serve We The People but u service Chyna instead. Just plain stupid Zombies. 		We’ll fix it without U.
@ElianaBenador @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @CNBC There ya go all you idiots on Wall St.  Now look what you’ve done by fighting POTUS Trump. You Sycophants along with the Fed are ushering in, not just Socialism but global communism that would turn the USA into Cape Town.		You stupid idiots.
RT @ElianaBenador: Maxine Waters, the crazy America-hater, unhinged “democrat” in charge of America’s finances, Wall Street, and so on?…
@ElianaBenador @POTUS @realDonaldTrump The criminal thugs and bank robbers are being given control of the US Banking system. Complicit RINO’s are set to allow it. All of which shows US that the Globalist are set to throw away banks like a used rag for the bankruptcy of US Banks and rise of UN IMF.
@LizFreedomD5 @marsi_c God will bless for taking on this most righteous of battles.  He will.
Get ready for the market to climb another 2000 points AND NO CAP SPENDING. No Auto Sales pick up but a strong retail season. 		Asia markets: US-China trade war, G20, currencies in focus. https://t.co/Q1xVRcV2X1
Fed actions under Powell have only helped China immensely. Xi is the big winner. The American People have been dealt a severe blow. POTUS will prevail none the less.		Asia markets: US-China trade war, G20, currencies in focus https://t.co/Q1xVRcV2X1
RT @JohnMeacham19: @ibrahim_201777   Thank you for Following me...Hope you will help me prepare the Way for #JesusSecondComing XX John XX h…
The FBI violated its own procedures.
There are so many technicalities that Corsi will defeat Mueller on. 		Remember how everyone used to get off on technicalities? 		Technicalities back in vogue.		BOOM! Corsi UNLOADS On Crooked Mueller, https://t.co/ozqqete6BL via @YouTube
The Fed, Wall St. war against our President has put the world in a very dangerous position just when all seems well.  		Expect a terrifying moment. High risk of nuke exchange. Putin thinks that might help POTUS like an ice breaker running up over deep ice.
Border Agents Discover Body Of 6-Year-Old Girl: “She Was Raped By 30 Men” https://t.co/eaAzR8KJMq via @YouTube		This is Pelosi, Schumer, Clapper, Brennan, Haden, CNN, NYT, WP Bezos, Joy Behar, Mueller, Comey and ever Dem voters fault. Repent from evil.
POTUS Cancels His G20 Meeting With Putin.		Putin sees the globalist Fed, Wall St, SCOTUS, and Congress now winning. He likes Trump but he is making his move. This could be fatal for Russia. Putin decided to soon, Ukraine		https://t.co/d7cXIcQgxu via @YouTube
@marklevinshow 		Does Mueller have unlimited powers devoid of Constitutional checks and balances? No, he does not. He can be fired by POTUS, Congress or the US Supreme Court.		TFNOriginal https://t.co/ZY1Pd0kb3V via @YouTube
@RyherdPhyllis @YouTube Flynn and Manafort will be pardoned. Corsi too. Mueller’s Satanic cabal lusts for the blood of the innocent and the righteous. 		Stone will be indicted and sent to prison like Manafort but with a difference if he does not come completely clean.
@RyherdPhyllis @YouTube Roger Stone better wake up and make up his mind Very Very Soon. Because if POTUS Trump senses he has been undermined or betrayed he will let Roger Stone get fed to the lions. 		Trump was made King by God, not Roger Stone.
Trump was Right, MSM &amp; Judge Napolitano WRONG AGAIN! - #TFNOriginal https://t.co/ZY1Pd0kb3V via @YouTube
@RyherdPhyllis @YouTube It really is simple isn’t it. We judge their fruit to see who they really are and whether friend or foe to the absolute truth of one nation under God. It only take one statement to give themselves away.
@RyherdPhyllis @YouTube Yes. These pathetic pedophiles are everywhere. Pray for Roger Stone to wake up.
It may be all up to POTUS Trump and Trump alone as even conservative operatives seem compromised while the deep state identifies the truly virtuous few and target for prison.  		POTUS is going to have to figure this out and go at it alone.
Jesus Christ will be glorified no matter what the Devil and all his Wall St. Zombies do. 		Watch and learn. Then decide who’s side you should really be on.
The Fed, Mary Barra Barra, Maxine Watters, Schumer, Pelosi Wall St who using your retirement and US Treasury money are shoring America have forced POTUS Trump to hold off on Tarriffs. The market foolishly rallies and foolishly applauds the Fed		Game not over
We are on the last stretch of the globalist path to dethroning the single Super Power, the USA. Go ahead cheer on, you wouldn’t like it.  You wouldn’t like a global Soviet Marxist State if they could even get it. And they won’t. 		Jesus has other plans.
The market rally will now go right back to China rather then Main St. and the economy of We The People. The Fed and Wall St. have conspired along with the Witch Hunt to overcome POTUS fantastic initiatives. They want desperately to bring the USA down.
Judge Napnis deeply and obviously flawed. Roger Stone seemingly clean but deceived as evidenced by his constant suggestion that Nap would be a great SCOTUS pick. Judge Nap is controlling and restraining the Fox News political narrative, even protecting HRC.
Judge Nap’s opinions run constantly afoul of POTUS Trump statements and Executive decisions. 		Judge Nap is Evil which begs the question what’s wrong with Roger Stone a big Nap fan? Good Jesuits verses Evil Jesuit?
The Poor good people at Fox News. It really only takes one or two traitors to bring the whole house down.		Who counseled Fox anchor babies to bring sexual harassment law suits? You know who. It was Judge Nap. He puts his fingers in everything and everyone.
Jesuit stratagem has always been put two sides or more at eauql odds, press to maximum tension and then knock the knees out of one of them at the top to tip the ends in their predetermined direction.
Judge Nap is Evil. He says that any decision by Whitaker is null and void. He does this by choosing to ignore a 19th century USC precedent. Would he ignore the US Constitution too? Of course he would.		https://t.co/xlbm1iQ2bx via @YouTube
Many deep state will go to prison for life. A few will hang for treason. The top ⭕️ willl hang.
Is it a crime to lie to a criminal? You sense you’re facing some sort of a trap.  You sense unethical Or see an illegal trap. Then it turns out later you were talking to Crimnal FBI agents.		Maybe even Cohen is clear?		https://t.co/JRNYCagLeH via @YouTube
@SandiHKaye @darhar981 Tough to fill those shoes but love knows no bounds.
Bit realize that if GDP growth is less then inflation then in effect we would have real decline in Main St, a return to Globalist FDI chasing higher returns in BRIICS with a flood of money returning to 🇨🇳 which is what the globalist want. Strangulation USA
But Maxine Waters, who represents one of the most crime infested murder plagued districts in the USA and a sanctuary for bank robbers, takes the Chair of the banking committee, the bank robbers and thugs will be controlling the banks as globalist applaud.
The endless build up of global markets subsidized by trade barriers and trade Tarriffs which didn’t just create foreign markets but grew into a dark star that nearly swallowed the US economy and is set to swallow We The People &amp; freedom in one big bite.
Sychophants wake up to the Prosperity Potential of the USA. Realize that it is the only path to global prosperity, How?  		Elimination of strangulation globalist tax and regulation policies their K St. Congress enacted while they pretended to object.
Another global crash WILL NOT RESULT IN A NWO OWG. 		A global economic crash will result in thousands of nuclear war heads dotting the earth as seen from space orbit.  Why? Proof?		Answer:  Global economic uncertainty makes border rivals trigger happy. 😆
All of you Wall St. sychophants most of whom are small powerless people will be living in pain when globalist master witches and Wiccans collapse the US and global economy from which their will be no RECOVERY as promised under a UN NWO OWG.
The Fed along wit every other Globalist controlled entity from the Fed to Wall St, to Congress and the Federal Judiciary are ready to spring to the end of their globalist long march to global communism. Maxine Watters BLM monuments riots to Article 5.
The Fed has built a “Wall of Worry” because it wants a baseline of neutral to ally fears of a significant slow down. They will maintain neutral against US economic growth until the Fed globalist sycophants tell them to pull the plug on the US economy.
Although you all know that what is written here is 100% accurate and true, you would not dare say these things publicly because the master you fear is not the God Jesus who died for you so you can be free. Trump is free of globalist fear. You can be too.
The Zero Sum game has resulted in an alarming global slowdown as highlighted by Christine Lagarde IMF. A burst of good policy lifted that pal until the Fed in league with RINO and global Communist Democrats piled on with their obstruction of POTUS recovery
Shame On You Jerome Powell for your cowardly globalist instilled pessimist view of life that the global economy is a ZERO SUM GAME, as indeed the globalist insider masters have with the sycophants like you have indeed engineered it to be.		Shame on You👎
You globalist want to end the USA so you can have your stupid Asinine OWG NWO. A UN governing facade for what will be an appointed Council of the corrupt, for the corrupt and by the corrupt, ending Democracy forever just like in Europe’s EU.
Yet Powell now drops any mention of FISCAL when in fact there is Fiscal relief abounding. No doubt gloabaliat sycophant Powell will return to the Bernanke “Cry” when Congress turns blue and Maxine Waters starts her abuse of Wall St investment banking.
Fed Powell never once echos what were the repeated concerns of Ben Bernanke that he gave with arms and hands flung up in the air that Fiscal policy in DC was the problem. Trump addressed those IMMEDIATELY. Over regulation/Taxes unfare trade job killing.
Powell is attempting to assert that the Fed is the Adult in the room while insinuating (Without mentioning his name) that POTUS Trump is reckless and would step on the gas and burn rubber to 90mph before hitting a brick wall on Wall St. This is childish.
What Powell is insinuating while at the same time attempting to claim is that “Donald Trump is a reckless entrepreneur, the very same type as those who collapsed the stock market in 1929 bringing on the great depression and then again in 2008 global crisis.
Fed Chair Powell’s attempt to hide globalist Fed policies tied to 30-40 year old emphasis on expanding markets for US through growing multinational companies which at the time made sense but ran far past its stated objectives&amp; turned Black hole swallowing US
⁦@CNBC⁩		Globalist apologetics based on pre Trump suppositions.  		In the worlds largest economy there is plenty of room for spin. 		The Fed to got far ahead.		Fed chair's Jerome Powell's full speech on US economy https://t.co/lZukLDNgTq
Democrat researcher proves Google's anti-Trump bias - WND https://t.co/RUvPyZ1bTc
@jeepsuzih2 Joy Behar is a Satanic Priestess. The witch in the black hat leading white women into perdition.  Whites women drink her poison.
RT @charliekirk11: Fascist left:		Female Harvard student, 24, is ordered to move out of her apartment after her roommates searched her room…
RT @ibrahim_201777: 16 Rogue FBI agents need to be fired with pensions revoked and prosecuted. 		Fire The FBI.		16 FBI agents raid whistleb…
16 Rogue FBI agents need to be fired with pensions revoked and prosecuted. 		Fire The FBI.		16 FBI agents raid whistleblower's home - WND https://t.co/GCGPkiLW17 via @worldnetdaily
Joy Behar is the witch in the black hat.  Oprah Winfrey is the witch in the white hat.   Both witches are of Satan and have helped promulgate the witchhunt against President Donald Trump in the feeble hopes of puting the DS Dems and RINO’s back in power
The 3rd temple is to be consecrated on the site of the Roman fortress that sat over the “Real temple site”. A false temple for a false Messiah		Nations invited to consecration of altar for 3rd Temple - WND https://t.co/EmcMILI7VQ via @worldnetdaily
“(For not the hearers of the law are just before God, but the doers of the law shall be justified.”	Romans 2:13 KJV https://t.co/OcrXskAseB
“But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worketh good, to the Jew first, and also to the Gentile:”	Romans 2:10 KJV https://t.co/siaRVulwfU
“Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile;”	Romans 2:9 KJV https://t.co/wrBIg1Babj
“But unto them that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, indignation and wrath,”	Romans 2:8 KJV https://t.co/FmHH6ExT6k
“But he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the spirit, and not in the letter; whose praise is not of men, but of God.”	Romans 2:29 KJV https://t.co/Fvfpj1tYLg
“But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ. For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us;”	Ephesians 2:13-14 KJV https://t.co/GjIcFppzZJ
“For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.”	Ephesians 2:10 KJV https://t.co/txYJN82qO9
“For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.”	Ephesians 2:8-9 KJV https://t.co/URboZlCbwK
“That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus.”	Ephesians 2:7 KJV https://t.co/mTfFOwH70F
“And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:”	Ephesians 2:6 KJV https://t.co/XydIRuXjZa
“But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)”	Ephesians 2:4-5 KJV https://t.co/9bx0TB7mM9
“Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others.”	Ephesians 2:3 KJV https://t.co/LJ5TRiqlsK
“Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience:”	Ephesians 2:2 KJV https://t.co/A7uO6qb75C
Joy Behar and Oprah Winfrey are two of the key Satanic women used of Satan to swing the white women who are divorced, single mothers dislocated from church and family connections who are already completely disillusioned with live in a feminist made world.
Joy Behar is involved in the deepest ⭕️ of Satanic worship, sex abuse torture murder of children ritual sacrifice, blood drinking. A long time priestess prostitute, her job, to pull poor pathetic white women to vote leftist Dem. America’s women are in crisis
The trail of deep state crime as it is revealed will lead to many deep state people. It will show that Joy Behar has had inside knowledge of the globalist coup d’état and has been privy to the daily Intel leeks fed to the  MSM coup involvement. Joy = orange.
The view is nothing more then a daily church service of the Church of Satan. Joy Behar is the priestess of cruelty and abuse of truth and righteousness. Treason.		44 VISITED AND EULOGIZED 41...DAYS BEFORE HIS PASSING! https://t.co/yhwHBROdDg via @YouTube
@heatherpeno Mueller has made huge mistakes on the assumption that they’ve always been able to get away with it. It’s too late now.
@heatherpeno Mika Brzezinski daughter of globalist Zbigniew Brzezinski architect of the globalist trilateral commission, just one woman dressed in orange treason &amp;sedation.  She’s about to spend the rest of her life in prison or worse break the glass ceiling for execution
@heatherpeno They are very close to being charged and they all know what because they all know that they participated in a coup d’état against a sitting president. They conspired with intelligence agencies to medal in an election in 2016. Perry women in orange and worse.
@heatherpeno Editors in addition will be charged with treason and sedition along with key anchor people at CNN and MSM prime outlets. 		Expect another false flag.
@heatherpeno The reason they are upset is because CNN, MSM, NYT, WP and others all participated in Daly conference calls receiving leaked classified information which they then disseminated to the public. All of those people Will be charged with high crimes &amp; misdemeanors
Mueller releasing his report will pull the whole deep state down with him through the hangman’s trap door.
Mueller releasing his report will be like putting his head in the noose and then pulling the cord on the trap door.
BREAKING: President Trump Blindsides Democrats – Leaves Hillary And Her ... https://t.co/fdTUGIHwQO via @YouTube
Trump will enforce the USMCA agreement add Trudo will not be able to flagrantly violated it or even subtly so. 		Trump will leverage Mexico against Canada if they cheat.
What is the meaning of Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau not joining with POTUS and President of Mexico in not holing the agreement up for the cameras?		Answer: Trudeau does not plan to uphold the agreement. 		https://t.co/vk3WO6pLIV via @YouTube
More great analysis from BPC.		THE JIG IS UP, BOBBY! https://t.co/PhsJetbP7W via @YouTube
Don Lemmon is not a business man. He does not know what a business deal is or that there has to be a contract with money exchanged. Trump was free to do that anyway. So who cares?		https://t.co/E3DqZSyOEV via @YouTube
So it’s illegal for Assange to uncover HRC, Podesta and DNC criminality and the Vlinton CRIMINAL EMPIRE?
President Trump has done nothing unethical or illegal. Just smoke and mirrors from Moeller The Magician liar criminal.
More ooh and aah by Mueller the magician who has no magic, just a bag of tricks exposed behind the curtain.
Donald Trump had every right to pursue his business interest during the campaign and there is absolutely no rationale for a quid pro quo on Hillary Clinton‘s emails.Even if there had been opposition research is not illegal. Mueller failes to Conjure the devil
So Cohen lies and that convicts a President? Cohen’s tapes will prove that nothing criminal took place. Mueller on the other hand is a criminal.		BREAKING: It’s OFFICIAL! Mueller Just NAMED Trump in Russia Investigation https://t.co/E3DqZSyOEV via @YouTube
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @seanhannity @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews FIRE THE FBI. 🔥 		☢Clinton Uranium One Cover-Up Continues! ☢ Mueller's FBI Cronies Raid DO... https://t.co/GISt6kJmfj via @YouTube
Jerome Corsi's Atty Larry Klayman Warns: "If this President goes down, a... https://t.co/qNpnhsLd8E via @YouTube
Lawyer: Corsi poised to 'end Mueller's reign of terror' - WND https://t.co/K5eK6UAWX1 via @worldnetdaily
DOJ is being overhauled from the bottom up.		Expect POTUS Trump to take over the FAANG companies as the gov took over the Banks and GM in 2008  precedence, based upon proof of interference in the mid term elections.		https://t.co/KsT8wCN5CA via @worldnetdaily
“Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us.”	Romans 8:37 KJV https://t.co/RJR3UFVgSd
@realDonaldTrump Mary Barra an office clerk mentality. No vision. A globalist sycophant		She made this decision ahead of the G20 at the behest of the globalist to diminish our POTUS and weaken his stature		Mary Barra COWARD stabbed POTUS in the back and US
@realDonaldTrump The whole government is out of control. Shut it down. Get the baseball bat out. Let’s clean America up from corruption. It’s dangerous.
@realDonaldTrump We The People are sick of Mueller and the now corrupted Dem party which has gone full Communist and anti Israel and Jews by tolerating anti-Semitic speech am on the road.		Fire Mueller and bring charges against him. Corsi is filling charges against Mueller.
RT @realDonaldTrump: “This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence, not a whiff of collusion, between Trump and…
Turn  the Federal Reserve over to Regional Banks. Fire the TBTF banks from the Fed governors board. Move the Fed out of Washington D.C. to Main Street. Branson Missouri. Anywhere out side of the major metropolitan cities.
This is deep state GM attempting to destroy the POTUS Trump base in Ohio, Michigan and across what was once termed the “Rust belt”. Communist Marxist hate the workers, the rust belt and the Bible Belt. They have targeted both for Islamic Communist destruction
Expect GM CEO Mary Barra and other senior executive resignations within weeks.
After deep state GM Said They’re Cutting 14K Trump drops anval. 		Jhttps://youtu.be/8XjJ25rmR2o via 		All caused by the Fed raising rates which slowed housing starts and auto/truck sales laying pretext to lower guidance ergo jobs back to Chyna.
Now the facts.		COHEN 🔴 President Trump EXPLOSIVE Press Briefing on Cohen, Mueller ahead... https://t.co/wkeBgbgVip via @YouTube		Fire Mueller and bring charges against Mueller for sedition Treason and about 100 other crimes. We’re sick of this witch hunt.
@kimsuejenn @johncardillo Wake up zombies, your globalist Marxist communist dreams of sitting in Starbucks sipping coffee all day long while being paid by the government are about to come crashing down. The pedophile globalist thieves have lost their power. 5 eyes didn’t save them.
@kimsuejenn @johncardillo Trump has never lied about anything. He said he has no properties in Russia, no business dealings. 		Mueller is up to his neck in Crimes from 911 to Uranium 1 to fraud FISA warrants. Only HRC has a longer crime tail. Both cats will be put down. Tribunals
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 		It’s all insinuation based on suborning perjury, coercion, corruption by Mueller. A total Marxist Bolshevik Communist tribunal.		Alan Dershowitz Responds to Cohen Plea Deal in Russia Probe https://t.co/NJFzlSBJot via @YouTube
@realDonaldTrump We The People are not idiots. We know what’s going on. There are more of us then them. We know it’s a deep state globalist coup d’état. We know that nearly all federal agencies are rogue, deep state federalized police gestapos.
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @marklevinshow Shut down the gov. Revoke all badges  and security clearances. Their all deep state loyalist engaged in a coup d’état treason conspiracy		Then Declassify &amp; Marshal Law.  Arrest from the top down		We will be fine.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @marklevinshow @seanhannity Shut the gov down. It’s all deep state loyalist. They’ve all become deep state police forces engaged and treason and a coup d’état against you and we the people and our beloved USA. Declassify &amp; Marshal Law
@realDonaldTrump shut the government down. We’ll survive.  It’s all deep state anyway. The gov has become treasonist top to bottom.  Stop their pay checks. POTUS can EO revoke all of their badges.		Keep ICE&amp;border agencies, DOD and keep their pay checks going
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle 		Every gov agency has been made into a rogue police state of its own. Except ICE 		Shut the gov down, stop the pay checks to rogue deep state, declassify,, marshal Law keep DOD only
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews All federal gov agencies have become federalized police forces. So we really need that? And all seem to feel they are a separate branch of Gov, not even responsible to their boss the POTUS.		Shit the gov down
@realDonaldTrump 		What are We The People getting from all of these Federal agencies, all of whom have been granted police powers by a foolish Congress? All devoted deep state sycophants graduates from leftist Marxist Universities		Shut the gov down
POTUS will shit down the US Federal Government. The deep state sycophants will not get pay checks. 		Deep state zombies better wake up.		Dershowitz: New Cohen Guilty Plea Another Example of Mueller Probe 'Creating' Crimes https://t.co/Np1S9mAH6b
Do You See What's Happening Here? https://t.co/YB17dZ2VBX via @YouTube
Who the Hell is the Queen of England? Fire the Queen.  Fire the empire. Let the people be free.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @marklevinshow @IngrahamAngle @JudgeJeanine 		New dress code for the Fed, Blue jeans and plaid flannel shirts. Maybe it would remind them of who they REALLY work for and Who the money REALY belongs to? Not Rothschilds
The NY Fed seat located at 33  (Mark of Masonic Globalist control) Liberty Street, New York, 		Move it to Main Street.
Fire the Fed. They are idiots. Get some good Christian math students in there from Christian universities. It ain’t in the least bit rocket science.  Anyone can do that job. Get them out before those Fed idiots set the world on fire 🔥
And if the globalist Fed could  cause a Fed recession and thereby tarnish POTUS the world, the globalist Fed would hope to cause the world to loose confidence in Trump and the USA.  Folks like Kim Joung Un for example. Maybe Nuke SFO &amp; LA?
POTUS will drive oil to $25 if he has to. Trump will replace the Fed board with Young collage kids from Liberty University if he needs to		All Elite Ivy League school grads are brainwashed, corrupt, void of love of country or patriotism Globalist sycophants
So Trump has had to fight the Fed which is completely undermining his policy. He has done it by keeping oil/gasoline prices dropping to out $ in peoples pockets. Trump gave the globalist Fed every reason to hold steady before they started raising.
Aggressive Fed raising ahead of a true sustained recovery has gone directly against POTUS Trump job initiatives. Jobs always lag and fortunately the jobs numbers of 250,000+ came in strong but will dip as even GM has begun the rush to the back door for Chyna.
With Feds like this who needs enemies?
So now everyone is supposed to praise the Fed for finely taking its foot of the brakes when what they have done is severely undercut the great recovery Trump@has started.		The higher rates cut earnings estimates causing lower guidance back when they started.
The Federal Reserve has abused the trust of We The People who granted its license through Congress. 		The owners of the Fed will be replaced.
The Fed kept raising rates when Trump could have used some help getting the economy on track after nearly a decade of near stagnation.  Trump tax and regulation cuts got the economy going but the Fed raised against that when we’re just getting started
Now that the Fed has poured water on the fire that was fueling auto sales thus GM closing at least 4 factories+housing sales slumping they stop raising for now....Like throwing the assassination gun used on POTUS in the garbage bin		 https://t.co/Ihmql30Uid
[D5] NOTHING CAN STOP WHAT IS COMING. https://t.co/Sq6JISyrOE via @YouTube
@wiseguy702 @Tweets4DJT @DeplorableChoir So now we’re going to lock up kids that fight on the playground and prosecute as criminals? Is that where civilization lives? What’s next execution? 		Where is the proof that his arm was even broken? 		Venting this into a national incident is juvenile
The moment Mueller releases his report he will have incriminated himself in high crimes &amp; misdemeanors Treason, sedition conspiracy and coup d’état against the president of United States and the USA.		https://t.co/qn2kDGlyPu via @YouTube
RT @agueros_henry: It’s showing how much the SNAKES have infiltrated our Political system.  Our enemies use our freedoms and Constitutional…
RT @John_KissMyBot: Hey It’s Christmas Time! 		Christmas Movies Are On, Christmas Music Is Playing On Radios And In Deplorable Households A…
RT @Matt60707334: Go to YouTube and type in Hillary Clinton has a racist meltdown. You will see the truth about Hillary Clinton she is a ra…
RT @ConservativeTht: EXCLUSIVE: Jerome Corsi will file a criminal complaint against special counsel Robert Mueller &amp; the DOJ, which are “be…
RT @mitchellvii: Republicans are about to lose another red seat in CA where the Republican lead by 6.5% on ED and  outvoted his opponent 2:…
RT @Rise_Soar_BFree: I’m loving this 👏🏻		 Trump’s Magic Wand		#ThatsMyPresident 	https://t.co/Dx96OVoHRo
RT @Gabe20038386: @Tweets4DJT If I was a European I would be more concern about what those in charge are trying to do https://t.co/EBQUfmop…
RT @liljaebird: @Tweets4DJT This is totally their governments fault, even kids are lashing out with what they and their country are having…
@Joeymarino22 @Tweets4DJT @KatTheHammer1 Was he a Syrian Christian by any chance?
RT @TruAmerican48: @Tweets4DJT @buzzman888 Must be democrats
@MithrasAlma @Tweets4DJT @Binguiri Don’t forget, Syria was a Christian populated country until Obama and John McCain sent ISIS in. Genocide of the Syrian population is the untold, unsung story. 		I know some of these Syrian Christian people.
@Milwife38 @Tweets4DJT @grizzlemeister What did his parents do. Maybe they are Christians who fled from Syria? Or maybe even peaceful Muslims.
@wiseguy702 @Tweets4DJT @DeplorableChoir The real problem is not this. It’s the adult Muslim jihadist in the streets and Sharia law being allowed to ride over long established Western law.		When the people allow elites to rule over their lives they get this.
@wiseguy702 @Tweets4DJT @DeplorableChoir Adults need to set the example. These are kids. School mates. The kid is a bully but not a criminal. 		Paddle, sit in corner on display. Counseling. Should be treated like a bully student. Maybe not jump to extremes of criminalizing a kid even a big kid.
@LenoraKliemisch @Tweets4DJT @trump_sylvia After the paddle that is
@LenoraKliemisch @Tweets4DJT @trump_sylvia Or make him apologize and shake hands. That’s what coaches, deans and principles used to do.
@wiseguy702 @Tweets4DJT @DeplorableChoir Time out in a chair in the corner of the school yard for all to see while he sits and contemplated why he is there.		Violence begets violence.
@Tweets4DJT Big guy picks on little guy. Classic cowardly bullying. 		Very impressive how he just gets up and walks away visably unshaken.
@Tweets4DJT Very bad.  Good people need to embrace one another regardless of race. What’s the story behind this? Christian refugees fled to Europe. Peaceful Muslims should be embraced too.
@RebekahWorsham It is getting down to that.
@AndrewPollackFL We The People, Every single one of US need to get a gun, learn how to use it, train and practice with it. Sleep with it. Polish it.
@AndrewPollackFL Every one is a spin doctor lawyer these days. Excuses abound. Accountability can be found nowhere. 		And we are going to survive this way? No civilization can.		It is US 200 million or them 100,000 - 1 M 		More US then deep state.		Get a gun and train.
@AndrewPollackFL Discrimination is not right but affirmative action is illegal.		Why didn’t Sheriff Israel follow the law of the land? Why no rule of law? Why is it that the left acts as a law of its own? 		We The People say no more. Rule of Law is returning with a hammer.
@AndrewPollackFL Diversity is about dispersing competency into oblivion and sweeping lives, indiscriminately behind, with it.
@fl6571 @charliekirk11 Working people march to the polls only to have their votes, elections, voice, Democratic government, stollen.		Leftist communist get paid to march.		We The People work to pay taxes, support families, keep the nation running while the rest work to destroy it.
@charliekirk11 @NRA @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews @dbongino @TheEIBNetwork @marklevinshow 		A nation wide campaign to legally arm every single adult patriot above the age of 13 needs to get under way ASAP..		Or we surrender to communist
RT @PoliticalShort: CNN "Commentator" Calls For The Destruction Of Israel. Will Liberals rebuke him? Probably not. https://t.co/NxY5opYB0V
The deep state is huge.  20,000 hard core and as many as 1 million soft core sycophants. 		They populate and control gov.		Does this seems insurmountable?		But they are all stupid people. Go alongers. Individually very weak people.		We can beat them
RT @starcrosswolf: I'm with the @hodgetwins Are liberals &amp; media going to call Mexicans racists for identifying as Mexican Nationalists? Yo…
@DineshDSouza @realDonaldTrump Is it a matter of POTUS DOJ prosecuting a few or does the deep state comprise of 100,000 - 200,000 entrenched people.		If declassification occurs before cases against the top DS people are Air tight how would that turn out?		It’s getting close to 💥
“For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.”	Romans 10:10 KJV https://t.co/mWNzHyCQj0
RT @realannapaulina: Retweet if you think President Trump should close the US/Mexico border until Congress funds the wall. 💡
RT @realannapaulina: Retweet if you think GM should pay back the $11.2 billion dollars they caused the United States to lose after the bail…
@Rise_Soar_BFree @BoyGalveston Genetic engineering.
RT @Rise_Soar_BFree: 🐄Holy Cow 🐄 		Standing 6 feet, 4 inches tall, &amp; weighing 1.4 tons a giant Australian cow called 'Knickers' has been sa…
@Tweets4DJT Here comes Hell
Proof Facebook is CIA.		☢Limbaugh Warns: ‘I don’t think you have any idea what’s coming’☢ https://t.co/826c201H10 via @YouTube		This is retweet worthy.
@DineshDSouza @JohnCooper0610 @realDonaldTrump Dinesh, your waisting your time digging in the White House lawn. Take your shovel and head over to the Senate flower pots.  		It seems the dandelions have taken over.
@DineshDSouza @JohnCooper0610 @realDonaldTrump Dinesh, you ask POTUS Trump why he hasn’t fired Rosenstein and “What do you know that we don’t know?” As if he is afraid.		He only now has an an AJ acting on his behalf. The SES is still embedded in DOJ, a tepid Senate clinging to status quote		Suggestions?
@ByronYork @DineshDSouza @dailybeast All of which proves she is a willing pawn. The poor woman is used to being used but she does draw the line when she ends up on the loosing end. 		Life is a gamble in the casino of the world. The house of Satan always wins unless you walk through with Jesus.
Roger Stone Calls For Inquiry Of #DeepState Clean-Up Man Robert Mueller ... https://t.co/W26P9eueLV via @YouTube
RT @bestnaunieever: Former Democrat Party Chairman 'Streamed Live Videos of Child Sex Abuse' - News Punch https://t.co/I78L1rg5kg
RT @JamesOKeefeIII: In 2014, not only did we cross the US-Mexico border dressed as Osama bin Laden, we also crossed the US-Canada border dr…
@Matthewcogdeill @GOP @DonaldJTrumpJr @TeamTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT @PrisonPlanet @wikileaks @FCC @DOJ_EOIR @ScottPresler @charliekirk11 The deep state is a communist coup d’état.
RT @Matthewcogdeill: 📢#RETWEET 📢	🚨All Republicans are being CENSORED🚨		Straight out of Communism plot 🇺🇸 Made ILLEGAL IN 1954		Regardless w…
@WSJ So now the WSJ is just another tabloid fake news outlet spotting Elvis.
RT @The_Trump_Train: Illegals can get up to $3,874 a month under Federal Assistance program. Our social security checks are on average $120…
RT @ChuckCallesto: Top Dem calls on United Nations to INTERVENE at border with MIGRANT CARAVAN...		https://t.co/UTWnW2g1yb
RT @carysimond: Watch this Video while it’s still available! The Dims have done a 180 on immigration! https://t.co/LdrWk43l3L
@DineshDSouza @JohnCooper0610 @realDonaldTrump Nuclear blackmail, yellow cake?
Jerome Corsi says no.He won’t lie for Mueller https://t.co/X1gJGLBSk7 		Mueller is on thin ice now. If he indicts and convicts Corsi and then subsequently Assange reveals &amp; proves the source &amp; connections then Mueller crime exposed.
Trey Gowdy, would be Patriot, when patriotism was placed on the scales fear was placed on the other side of the scale. Fear outweighed love of country intellectual faith in God		TREY GOWDY on becoming ATTORNEY GENERAL https://t.co/mZdhtekru1 via @YouTube
You have good silos on Fox News and you have evil silos on Fox News. The evil ones rule by force and you know who they are. You feel who they are. You sense who they are. You have misgivings about them because you sense inconsistencies in how they come across
How do you know whether one is existing in a good Jesuit or Jewish or Mason silo? Simple, the good silos seeks to persuade, are caring, forgiving. You feel no pressure.		Those in the bad silo use laughter as a tool yet coercion, force, and you feel pressured.
When you are happy, drink wine. Jesus drank wine with friends which John the Baptist questioned. But refused to drink wine on the cross.		When thirsty for truth and righteousness drink water.  the word of God that washes away sin from believers minds &amp; lives.
POTUS Trump has inherited the failures of the church, Catholic and Protestant, the fight to free We The People from Satanic control along with every other fallout from a sinful this disfunctional world.  Giving people of the earth one final chance to be free
Thus 1517 the Reformation and into the 1640s Protestantism. Rebellion against authoritarian Vatican control. A political movement based upon individual freedom from reading the Bible. But Anti religion became religion thus a fallen church today. Apostasy.
Before the smartphones spying on you there were the Jesuits and the confession booth. Information was gathered, recorded, catalogued and referenced when need for governance, ultimately power.
Catholics must choose between a pedophile infested Vatican and a globalist Anti-Christ Pope or the Bible, The Father God, Jesus Christ and Holy Spirit. If one does not have peace in their soul one has not found the truth in Jesus. Choose life, choose God.
For those who live in good silos, though they are being torn down rapidly to make way for the new Age religion, a decision must be made, much as POTUS Trump has made.  In the pursuit of pure truth and what is good one must choose their God, Jesus or Jesuits
Jesus said that religion is this:		James 1:27		Pure and undefiled religion before our God and Father is this: to care for orphans and widows in their distress, and to keep oneself from being polluted by the world.
God leads. He does not force. He wants you to follow by your willing knowing mind and heart.
So as Jesus warned that religion and the religious leaders are all about control. God wants you to have self control and this is available if you give your life up to this world and follow Jesus. This is freedom from the home of Satanic control and sin.
Most all people live in silos of influence. The Vatican Jesuits have mastered the ability to control all silos. It is a Satanic religion guided by fallen angels and demonic spirits which just like all pagan religions they worship yet rule over the rest.
Jesuits control the Palestinian authority. This goes back to Mohamed and forward to Adolf Hiltler and the Nazi’s affiliation with Islam. Vatican protected high ranking Nazi officers including Hitler. This was eluded to in the movie “The Boys From Brazil”.
POTUS Trump’s challenge has always been to recruit as many Jews, Jesuits and others as possible to patriotism because there was no other way to take back the USA or in reality to perhaps liberate it fully to freedom for the first time in American history.
The Jesuits control Israel from Roam, Europe, and the two US baraches of government. They control the DOJ, FBI and virtually every government agency. Are all Jesuits bad? No, they exist in silos. Some clean as a whistle for a purpose. Some evil.
Jesuits didn’t pop up in the 16th century. They emanate from the Roman Empire. They conducted  trade with China in 600 AD with Mohamed whom they struck trade passage deals with to avoid being raided by, and whom provided safe passage for a fee. Satanic pact
...  4 They crush people with unbearable religious demands and never lift a finger to ease the burden.
Matthew 23 		23 Then Jesus said to the crowds and to his disciples, 2 “The teachers of religious...3 So practice and obey whatever they tell you, but don’t follow their example. For they don’t practice what they teach.
Truth comes from God and God has sent his son and his son only to show us the way to the father. Jesus did this by the word which he fulfilled perfectly. Now we have the word and the spirit that Jesus sent. The Pope is not the Father nor any Catholic priest.
Because the Jesuits Control both the Jewish Government and the Catholic populated Washington D.C., some Jews have converted to Catholicism with the approval of   government Rabis in Israel to be on both sides. This information go between. Double agents, etc.
The Jesuits Control the religious Jews of Israel, the Masons who in turn control the US Congress, Judicial branch and most federal agencies mostly staffed by secular Jews and Jesuit Catholics.  Gowdy is afraid of both.		Jesus is the high Priest not a man Pope
The origin of “The ends justify the means.” https://t.co/VYw7vmQxAB
Larry Kudlow previews Trump-Xi talks on tariffs and trade at G-20 summit https://t.co/1616BcUtQG
Is Heather about to betray POTUS Trump? Where do her “deepest” loyalties lie? And who is judge Nap really?
@JohnBrennan You are a communist idiot?
Heather Nauert legshow. Very odd. 1/21/16 https://t.co/nbb1sBxv2O via @YouTube		What is this? Heather staunchly loyal to POTUS Trump ordered to prove loyalty to Jesuit boss with leg show?
Clinton Deep State George Stephanopolus to be indicted via CGI and Clinton Foundation revelations. Separately will be charged with conspiracy coup d’état in treason, sedation for his involvement trafficking in classified Intel, and daily coup MSM calls. GITMO
@FoxNews @JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump Dan Abrams is stupid, will wear orange not Trump. Trump is not Orange but deep state shadow gov Illuminate suck up traitor Dan Abrams will expire in GITMO and he deserves it.
Dan Abrams participated with Brennan, Clapper, Haden and with Obama listening in, but not speaking, only coughing, on multiple stratagem calls in the on going coup d’état both before the election after and post inauguration. All recorded for posterity.
@seanhannity @SimpliSafe When gun carry permit laws were enacted in Florida Car Jackings which were rampant came to a tire screeching halt.
Expect Mary T. Barra to resign within weeks over fall out from DOD, DOJ, SEC investigations.
Electric Truck decision is set to penetrate the Yard Dog market initially.  Range and infrastructure are not issues in this market. But why give it to Chyna?
@ABC expect indictment of deep state Dan Abrams chief legal affairs anchorABC News host of Live PD on the A&amp;E cable network. He hosts The Dan Abrams Show: Where Politics Meets The Law on SiriusXM's P.O.T.U.S. channel.		Coup d’état MSM conference calls.
@abc		Expect DOJ indictment of George Stephanopoulos for sedition conspiracy coup d’état conference calls. He as chief anchor and chief political correspondent for ABC News, co-anchor of Good Morning America, and host of ABC's Sunday morning This Week
@RedDizzlah GM is sending electric auto to Chyna.  Wait for the news.
GM no longer has the ability to skirt or break the law without impunity.  The Clinton foundation no longer is there to support criminal activities of industrial espionage.  Multiple arrests of Clinton Foundation singing out. Obama weaker every day.
GM is a defense contractor and may be in violation of technology transfers directly tied to US DOD funding. GM May have to issue guidance on potential legal and tax implications resulting out of its decision to move electric auto to China. U see, Obama gone
Message to GM. Don’t screw with America. We The People are on deck saluting our beloved leader President Donald John Trump.
Expect resignations of Senior Deep State management at GM within weeks.
GM audit of over seas income/assets/balance sheets is now already underway under the provision of US gov subsidies which may have been misappropriated to Chyna in violation of USC CFR.  GM senior management may have slipped into shark infested waters.
The timing of the GM decision in the midst of a trade war with China is Anti-America, disconcerting.  GM is defying American leadership politically, economically, and technologically
Very sad that GM is sacrificing a leadership position in auto technology. GM counters that argument claiming cheaper R&amp;D&amp;production will accelerate their technology curve.		Sadly deep state GM continues finance China technology and facilitate tech transfer
GM is a deep state company top to bottom. It has an anti POTUS Trump agenda.		It is willing to sacrifice its leadership position going forward on the excuse that it can always take electric back to the US. 		Sadly GM is financing China technology
GM is an Obama controlled company in the aftermath of the US Federal government takeover of GM during the 2008 financial crisis. GM is anti Trump. GM is playing the cowards game and sacrificing its future should electric cars/trucks prove out as money making.
GM calculates that it can stay in the game if it goes cheap in China even with the Tarriffs. It believes the Tarriffs are temporary. 		GM electric auto subsidies will be targeted in some areas on cars. 		Trucks are the big developing story but a long way off.
Tesla has a lock on the high end electric auto market which is concentrated in large metropolitan cities and surrounding bedroom communities		GM does not believe it can penetrate the high end already staked out by Tesla and does not want to spend the $ to try
Why did GM decide to move electric car R&amp;D&amp;Production out of Canada to China?		1: inadequate infrastructure broadly speaking in the US to support electric car use.		2: Unanle to penetrate &amp; compete with high end Tesla.		https://t.co/q3u1JkXUBJ via @YouTube
@seanhannity @SimpliSafe If every American adult carried a gun the Democrat party would collapse.
@seanhannity @SimpliSafe Crime, poverty, drug addicts are what give the Democrats their power. They want more power.
RT @UniteVoteRed: 🚨ACTION NEEDED‼️ The best investigative journalist has been permanently removed. She needs our support. Please subscribe…
@SecNielsen @CBP They wouldn’t exactly make good neighbors. Why should We The People let them in? Glad we have a good Sec on the beat. Thank God.
@seanhannity @SimpliSafe Just think what a great interview you would have had with Seth Rich had he been able to have a permit to carry a concealed gun?  Every American adult should carry. Crime would come to a screeching halt. Just what the Dems and left don’t want.
@seanhannity @SimpliSafe Great stuff. That and a few handguns and shot guns tucked away in every room of the house and your good to enjoy secure peace and quiet. “Every mans home is his castle.”
@seanhannity Bolshevik communist kangaroo prosecution in courts using deep state judges.  Obama Shadow gov radio active yellow cake Mueller Bolshevik tribunals forcing and coercing false testimonies in America. We The People are all next.
@L_Ragland_Jr @snowypatch Agree all only, what faults? 😀
RT @kwilli1046: Walmart Cashier's Act Of Kindness Stuns Foster Mom.  One Swipe Made All The Difference. https://t.co/FQ6ZPCHch6
@jimdwrench @steveveling @realDonaldTrump He wouldn’t be laughing if the American people weren’t so insensitive to victims &amp; justice. We The People must take back the judiciary and re-institute justice under the rule of law. He would be strapped in the electric chair. Let the victim throw the switch
@chachinim @ToddTrotter3 You are very cute and a blessing to all who read you and applaud you. God bless you on this journey to the eternal kingdom. Let’s take as many people along with us to the Lord. The better life starts here and now with Jesus. It really does. God bless.
@jeepsuzih2 @AnnaApp91838450 Obama shouldn’t be drinking before he gets on stage and starts talking. You looks disheveled. A little bit lost. Did he even know where he was?
@freedom_moates Horrible. What an evil man.
Black Conservatives, mostly Christian, are trying to pull and drag black Dems off of the Plantation while the likes of Elijah Cummings and Brenda Snipes try to push America into a White hating South Africa Communist hell hole flooding US with illegals.
Black Democrats Elijah Cummings, Brenda Snipes, sell out Blacks who are first to loose jobs to illegal immigrants.  Blacks and Black churches foolishly and stupidly helped the Dems steal votes. Just shooting each other		https://t.co/Kwer7DH6rh via @YouTube
Call it for what it is. This is invaders using children and women AS HUMANE SHIELDS. And where did they learn this? Made in Ramallah terrorists.		Fox News guest FACT CHECKS Liberal Activist on LIVE TV - Obama DID separ... https://t.co/Lx3PqQAAcz via @YouTube
All that the illegitimate Mueller Investigation has done is to expose their own deep state corruption. Would we even know had the HRC O Dems not pursued on with it? In the end what will We The People do given an avalanche of evidence exposing Obama/HRC?
https://t.co/1qClsRbc5G via @YouTube		Foreign leaders are deep state. They are shadow gov controlled. When they ask POTUS Trump how the Mueller investigation is effecting him Trump does not whine. He could care less and just points to all his accomplishments
Jewish migrants were sent back to Germany under A hell of anti-somatic editorials by the New York Times.		BREAKING: Our Military Just UNLEASHED Their Secret Weapon On Migrants – ... https://t.co/haBYzQIs7j via @YouTube
@Navy1983mjb Barbara Streisan willing slave entertainer to the deep state pedophiles. More poison in the water.
@senatemajldr All the positive sounding political pandering does nothing to convince all those people in red hats at rallies all of whom voted only to watch the Dems openly steal the elections from US. The Soros money elites are taking US into global communist slavery
@senatemajldr Wake up man? Who are you? Who are you serving? A little bit of good that predictably falls far short of being effective is nothing more then aiding and abbeting those who are in a coup d’état campaign to overthrow We The People, our USC our USA. Wake up Bro?
@senatemajldr We The People know everything. Nothing is hidden from view. We are praying to the God above all gods to destroy the Rothschild Banking shadow gov and its global Deep State crime syndicate of evils, human sex slave trafficking and child sacrifice.
@senatemajldr Lucifer is the Dragon. 33 degrees of deception will never erase the truth. Jesus Christ is King of Kings and Lord of Lords. All corruption and death to “Bring in the NWO OWG” should be all you need to know good from evil and that high level Masons are evil
@senatemajldr It’s not just Congress. The Senate has the means to get the wall funded and you damn well know it. But the Senate you lead is still cow towing to the Clinton foundation people though publicly defunct. Fusion GPS influences have regrouped into Soros NGO’s.
@senatemajldr Legal immigration of fully vetted  People is what we need to rebuild and energize a peaceful safe America where you can drive your family down US1 and stop in for cheeseburgers. 		Illegal aliens get low wages, pay no taxes and burden good family folks. Thanks
@senatemajldr Why are the immigration Laws so stiff that well educated English speaking people can not get citizenship with out lawyers and connections? But illegals pour onto the tax payers wallet every day? It’s globalist corporate welfare and you damn well know it.
@senatemajldr Where is the Wall Mitch? If the funding had been there and full on construction in progress no one would have left their homes to crash the border because they would have seen the Wall as Resolve to prevent their ILLEGAL entry.
@senatemajldr We The People are sick of politicians. All are on the take. Getting wealthy while the nation got poor, jobless, homeless, opioded. 		We hate politicians. We Love leaders which is why WTP love and fully support POTUS Donald Trump ALL THE WAY. How about You?
@senatemajldr We The People have lost the US government,. All the Courts not just the 9th, the Congress, all deeply corrupted and complicit in this coup d’état to overthrow the USA. What are you doing about it? A little goes nowhere. Are you all in for US? The Wall?
@senatemajldr One day we all fly away Mitch and we stand before the throne of the righteous Judge Jesus Christ who died for us. What will you say to him? Time flies and then we fly away. Everyone dies. No one has ever been able to beat death What will you answer the Judge?
@senatemajldr Where is the wall Mitch? Who are you Mitch? There is a coup d’état which is overt and blatant been conducted by a criminal gangs using extortion and murder. Where are you Mitch? Who are you leading? US or the Globalist communist? Freedom or slavery?
@senatemajldr We Have a border invasion being held off. A Refugee city building up like a mushroom cloud on the border just like The Palestinian refugee camps. And there are jihadist terrorist within. Children reported kidnapped and missing. 		Where are you Mitch?
@senatemajldr What is the reward for those who betray We The People into the hands of the Banking and corporate globalist?  We have a Fed fighting a POTUS engineered economic miracle. We have Wall St Sabotaging the markets to fail. And this is The greater good?
@senatemajldr We The People, the peacefully assembled are in BIG TROUBLE Mitch. We are loosing our beloved USA to Marxist Communist masquerading as socialists and open border leftist. Trump isn’t getting the help that he needs. SES core corporate saboteurs obstructing MAGA
RT @senatemajldr: As the 115th Congress comes to a close, my colleagues will have much to be proud of. But we aren’t finished yet. The Sena…
@senatemajldr You better save the US Constitution and the USA. We The People Reject socialism. Humanism is rejecting God and Judeo Christian ethics. This has led us to socialism which when enshrined in government becomes Communism. 		Do something to STOP this coup d’état.
@seanhannity Leftist want the Holocaust museum closed down and removed or changed to a human suffering museum. They want the name changed because they say it violates separation of church and state.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @InfoWarsChannel @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @JudgeJeanine Who makes the rules for attending WH Press meetings? Why are they all leftist? Why no questions from conservitive on the border reporting leftist atrocities? Children missing
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @InfoWarsChannel @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @JudgeJeanine Why not have conservitive reporters asking questions in the White House Press room, like Black Conservative Patriot News (PCP NEWS). WTP only hear leftist garbage haranguing.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 		Why does the Fake News MSM corporate media get carte blanche in the White House press room? Why not conservative internet channels? Who decides this?		UNTOLD TRAGEDIES OF THE BORDER CRISIS https://t.co/ChZ8q3ypZD via @YouTube
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @KellyannePolls @JudgeJeanine @seanhannity 	Who decides admission to the White House Press core? Why are they all rabid leftist and corporate media when most conservatives do not follow them		Why not 50% conservative such as Info Wars?
@realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle @JudgeJeanine @KellyannePolls 		This is the kind of reporter that needs to be asking questions in the White House Press Room. Lots of these		UNTOLD TRAGEDIES OF THE BORDER CRISIS https://t.co/ChZ8q3ypZD via @YouTube
“Howbeit thou art just in all that is brought upon us; for thou hast done right, but we have done wickedly:”	Nehemiah 9:33 KJV https://t.co/LUT1Pxpwbw
Their bodies died in the desert but their children went into the promised land because their parents though they had rebelled taught them about God. This shows that while their bodies died in the desert their souls are now with the Lord.
Nehemiah 9:17 ....Instead, they became stubborn and appointed a leader to take them back to their slavery in Egypt! But you are a God of forgiveness, gracious and merciful, slow to become angry, and rich in unfailing love. You did not abandon them,
And refused to obey, neither were mindful of thy wonders that thou    didst among them; but hardened their necks, and in their rebellion appointed a captain to return to their bondage: but thou art a God ready to pardon, gracious and merciful, slow to ang https://t.co/1LuFzpb39c
What Was Destroyed in Clinton House-Fire? https://t.co/FGCIBZLWox via @YouTube
@caligudda It’s a game of certainty and chicken rolled up in one. This is the highest stakes ever played in earth.  The US Supreme Court balance must be assured. RBG May settle it but she is trying to live past 3 Jan even if on life support. Even if dead and in ice.
Every single error and false claim will be rebuked with proof provided.  These trials will be public.
All 52,000+ emails and texts between Strzok, Page and Comey have been read by teams assigned to read a batch and take notes. These same teams will listen in on upcoming trials of and will be linked to prosecutors to catch any error spoken by the defense
Twenty-Eight Counts of Treason https://t.co/jHyVBWHI8i via @YouTube
Justice Roberts needs to hire lawyers to defend against my possible charges being brought by rogue DOJ deep state Obama moles.
Obama is no longer POTUS and Obama has lost control of the Justice department. Roberts needs to put this to rest by legal means and set fear of loosing he and his wife loosing their children to the pedophiles.
AUDIO PROOF!!! John Roberts was BLACKMAILED into changing his vote on OB		Justice John Roberts should know that he can beat any charges brought against him over adoption fo his children. He just needs good legal advice.		https://t.co/z4vuIJ7W8M via @YouTube
@redsteeze @Mike_Beacham Migrants using tear gas canisters brought with them to false flag blame POTUS for CNN MSM cameras. 		Expect many false flag events at the border. Fodder for CNN/MSM. 		Insurgents are prepared to shoot migrant women and children a Palestinian jihadist tactic
@cajunchick25 @agueros_henry The gas is being thrown by the insurgent immigrants.
James 1:8		A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.		Gary Who is right, the deep state CNBC whores and sycophants or POTUS Trump?		Follow the gold bug crypto charlatans selling fear and gold economics or?		Follow POTUS Trump’s economics?
@realDonaldTrump @briantopping66 Humanism is socialism which when forced into government becomes communism.  		It turns individual responsibility upside down making everyone else responsible for an individual and the individual responsible to No One. Thus crime without conscience.
@realDonaldTrump @briantopping66 Humanism is the basis of socialism which advances to communism.		Humanism shirks individual responsibility for adults to work to pull their own weight though by conscience we “Volunteer”to support the lame and weak as King David did.
@RodriguezBertie @realDonaldTrump @briantopping66 Oh yes, Cuba emptied its insane asylums along with its prisons into Jimmy Carter the humanist open hands too. That’s right.
@realDonaldTrump @briantopping66 This problem was started by President Jimmy Carter who was duped because he abandoned sound biblical principles in favor of humanism. Humanism is the bases of socialist &amp;communist deception		Cuba emptied its prisons on the USA and Carter stupidly let them in.
If the lender is 100% honest and then borrower is 100% honest and both honor the terms of the agreement completely then there is no sin and God allows it because it is an exchange of pledges thus an economy based on agreements is honorable.
The only weakness in debt lending &amp;borrowing is the ever present twins of profiteering verses profit and borrowing with intent to default which is theft		God knows that debt can be used to enslave but only because of sin. But sinners rule until Jesus
Christian believers read the Bible and believe that debt is bad but until Jesus returns lending &amp; borrowing are a long way off from disappearing. The gold standard will not be global until the second coming of Jesus Christ. Gold is a commodity Not a currency
Gary, you are drinking poison. Satan is a master of deceit and you are in a spell of delusion and deceit which is undermining the progress that POTUS Trump has accomplished on the economic front which is foundational.  You mean well but Satan has you by the $
Gary, instead of interviewing these self serving gold bugs and crypto charlatans why not do some real reporting. Why not go the White House Press briefings? Why not interview secretaries Manuchin, Ross, Chief economic advisors Kudlow, Navarro?
They are selling the Trump base “Crap” economics while proceeding on gold at handsome mark ups and using their money to build bunkers and store up food. Content to leave everyone out of their bunkers whom they deem to be fools.  Read the Bible. Back Trump.
You have got to stop bringing these armature gold bug profiteers on your show. You are demoralizing the base with CNBC fear. Is CNBC a deep state entity JUST LIKE CNN in your book or is it not? If it is then why quote them like the Bible?
Trump says “Let’s MAGA” but the Globalist are saying let’s try to bankrupt America again.  You can listen to the Nay sayers and spread their fear to the base or you can move up a pay grade and start getting sound analysis. Call Kudlow, Manuchin, Ross
Corporate lending is a business. It involves due diligence. Risk assessment. Bond rating agencies. All of these are profit making industries or they wouldn’t be there. Generations old		All globalist controlled but now they want a US Bankruptcy Again
When it comes to finance and economics Gary, you need to stay at your pay grade because what you are selling here is fear when you use CNBC fear lingering designed to UNDERMINE POTUS Trump. He builds but by these fear stories you are tearing down Trumponomics
Very sad that the very supporters in the alt right media who support Trump, never the less, sell him out on all of his efforts to boost the stock market which in turn boosts the economy by providing plenty of cash for Capital spending &amp; JOBS.
Debt is an asset with a solid an growing economy which is the position that Trump has put the US in.  		Globalist CNBC is doing everything it can daily to undermine this recovery. Don’t use their fear psyops to sell fear and gold. Who’s side are you on?
All corporate debt and private debt are considered to be Assets by the lenders. They are made based on due diligence of business plans which are graded to be a good risk, especially at the low interest rates on revolving credits based on 2 year Treasuries
A $9 trillion corporate debt bomb is 'bubbling' in the US economy https://t.co/GhP8dat4vr via @YouTube		The so called corporate debt bomb at low interest rates is an asset UNLESS the Fed and Wall St succeed in KILLING the economy. It’s Our money not theirs.
Diplomats shaking hands tells you little to nothing but low ranking soldiers shaking hands is a picture of truth		Prior to the Trump Kim partnership a low ranking NOKO soldier would not have dared to reach out a hand in friendship. Would have been shot dead
This picture of two low ranking soldiers who are well below the diplomatic level illustrates the strength of POTUS Trump and President Kim ties		It shows that the NOKO sentiments have spread top to bottom. Genuine		https://t.co/JdI86dF5i6 via @YouTube
Time magazine by naming entities as “Man of the year” signals the globalist mantra that mankind, people don’t mater. It’s computers now, AI, Aliens next. They are bidding time waiting for the Alien of the year to arrive.		https://t.co/JdI86dF5i6 via @YouTube
God is blinding the globalist. Their demise is hiding behind the globalist optic nerves. Their eyes are wide open but they are not seeing what will take them all down. That’s okay because they wouldn’t have backed down anyhow. Their necks all in the big noose
Mueller is out for Blood. Period. The Globalist are positioning POTUS Trump for a showdown. By circling and attacking on multiple fronts they falsely believe they are safe from Repercussions to themselves. But they have missed some very important elements.
Dershowitz is making himself completely irrelevant on purpose while at the same time trying to crawl back into the good graces of his legal consulting income stream because u can never have enough money when you have no faith in God.
Mueller on the other hand does have a practical sense of how the fall of the USA would impact the global population in suffering billions dying. But Nazi Luciferians who are pedophiles engaging in child sacrifice drinking adrenaline laced blood don’t care
Alan Dershowitz himself despite all erudite pretense has been nothing more then a facilitator enabler for the decline and fall of Pax Americana. 		Alan has no practical sense of what the fall of the USA would mean in terms of billions of lives suffering &amp;lost
So this is where Alan is coming from now.  It serves as an illustration of how fickle and feckless the judiciary &amp; legal system have become. This zombie spell spreads across the Congress as well. We are The Walking Dead at this point but for POTUS&amp;Jesus
Take just about anything that ALAN Dershowitz says with a grain of salt from now on. He has dug himself into an ideological fox hole designed to weather the war regardless of the outcome of this coup d’état. He has abandoned truth for self serving interests.
Alan is loosing legal consulting work with large corporations, universities (mostly leftist) political action groups, PACs and others that used to pile up on his front door step which have shut off to a Trickle like drips from a faucet shut off dribbling out.
Dershowitz at this point is acting like a teacher trying to break up a fight on the play ground as if it’s just a political grudge match. It is not. As such this is more about Alan attempting to save face with the left and maintain elite image left and right.
The witch hunt has noting to do with political games. This is hey coup d’état against the offices of POTUS, the US Constitution and the USC. This is a war by Globalist interests to destroy the one protecting US and then the US Constitution and USA = NWO OWG.
The significance of POTUS Trump correctly identifying the caravans as an invasion is that under the constitution it justifies his powers to use Marshal Law which is now in effect. Acosta tried to assert it is not an invasion when We know it is.
Alan is trying to play the peace maker. But this is not about politics, it’s about a globalist deep state Coup d’état. 		Mueller will contrive a fake case based on coerced lies to get Trump tax returns and bring criminal charges https://t.co/3LeB4XSWoL
Wow! https://t.co/u3Pe0PYSw8 via @YouTube
WATCH 🔴 President Trump, First Lady Melania, Barron Depart for Thanksgiv... https://t.co/YNxDgWVIuz via @YouTube		Space Force is charged with removing deep state from space and taking over space based lasers used to set fires in California.
Expect sanctuary state California and cities to walk into POTUS Trump’s trap by inviting UN so called Peace keeping Troops onto US Soil to go to the California border to oversee and disperse US troops. A globalist UN invasion.
The USA is now at war against the globalist. Marshal Law is in effect at the border and in effevted areas already. The war has begun. 	Thus globalist Mason Chief Justice Roberts against POTUS. It was his warning shot that he would rule against POTUS. Evil.
Marshal Law protecting the border by extension allows for rounding up any providing logistical, planning and or financial support such as Soros operatives involved and NGO’s. 		The globalist war against US is happening and Marshal Law is now in effect.
Marshal Law is now in effect at the border to prevent an invasion.  		POTUS Trump to Acosta “It is an invasion, we have a difference of opinion. I’ll run the country you run CNN”.
Marshal Law is in effect as POTUS Trump has sent troops to the border to stop an invasion. The term Marshal Law has not been used but is now in effect on a limited bases to address the border invasion.		Thus POTUS to Acosta “Its an invasion”
Martial Law | https://t.co/pIRQVflUD9 https://t.co/tSDgF9xCaa
POTUS can declare martial law. The Courts, beginning with the “Travel ban” 9th circuit will immediately rule to suspend it. 		Judges are all Masons and Roberts is deep state. We do not have a predictably Conservitive US Supreme Court nor Senate.		Pray.
Martial law - Wikipedia https://t.co/IsNQMu8Nrk
Martial law in the United States - Wikipedia https://t.co/c2UfAgDldO
Sadly the courts have a history of restraining the POTUS going back through history with some exceptions.  Pray for Marshal Law with mass arrests of globalist traitors who are committing sedition and treason. 		Roberts has betrayed US.
Chief Justice Roberts staged himself against POTUS Trump. Without Congress &amp; SCOTUS Marshal Law becomes a problem		POTUS stated that the migrant caravan is an invasion. Marshal Law might begin with follow up arrests of Soros NGO’s supporting invasion.
1965, POTUS used federal troops &amp;federalized local Guardsmen to protect participants in a civil rights march. POTUS justified his action on grounds that a substantial likelihood of domestic violence because state authorities were refusing to protect marchers
Martial Law and Constitutional Limitations :: Article II. Executive Department :: US Constitution Annotated :: Justia https://t.co/BjhJSyETJE
Do not be discouraged. Fixing the USA by ridding US of all the globalist schemes spun in the US Globalist Congress &amp; Federal judiciary’s is the path to prosperity and Making America Great Again. This is Easy but we fight to awaken, find courage optimism again.
Forget novel ideas. Follow POTUS Trump back to business and government basics. ISA will thrive Without all the globalist threads that have tied down the USA for decades, really since the Globalist Rothschild/ Rockefeller’s ARAMCO OPEC’ 1973 “Energy Crisis”
Good high paying career jobs creates stable income tax revenues leading to balanced budgets, continued servicing gov debt, private debts on municipal &amp; private bonds, house mortgages paid on time and paid off leaving retirement nest eggs. 		Lets do this right
Private debt allows people&amp;businesses to expand. Stopping illegal workers, bringing high paying high tech manufacturing back to the USA thus raising income tax revenues by volume on lower income taxes stimulates massive consumer demand, spending paying.
USA in a booming economy can pay its debts in the public sector of some $14T and service its gov debts of some $6T no problem. Supply side works when you don’t strangle US Enerrgy, impose fake environmental restrictions and tax business sending them to China
Bankruptcy even currency reset, which is nothing more then a technical bankruptcy/ insolvency would be abandoning financial promises. It is moral capitulation and would be resigning as Leader Of The Free World. A signal of weakness &amp; invitation to destruction
We The People do not cower, do not take what seems to be the easy way out because what looks like the easy way out is actually a trap enticing US to destruction. 		Only good faith and trust keeps a currency strong. Be brave. Back POTUS Trump and we power out.
The Eagle soars above all other nations. We The People are not a nation of black vultures that circle ⭕️ and feed on the dead. Forget bankruptcy stratagems. Moral strength wins and prospers. USA. Only nation that has NEVER Defaulted on its debt issues.
There are a myriad of ways to reduce the US debt without default. Drop the doom and gloom hand wringing and focus on POTUS Trump leading reforms on tax &amp; regulation reductions, scraping bad trade treaties etc.		Forget evil Wall St bankruptcy stratagems.
The USA must never default on its debt or revalue its currency unilaterally. NEVER or USA collapses.		https://t.co/gKOinSm0cQ via @YouTube		No US Dollar reset or it will loose the good faith and trust of the world that makes it the global reserve currency.
@RodStryker @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine @IngrahamAngle @foxandfriends Conservitive appointed judges need rule conservatively on the constitution instead of hiding behind a stack of law books. Let the leftist spend the money on appeals not WeThePeople Patriots
@Vikings202 @RodStryker @AnnaApp91838450 @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle @JudgeJeanine 		Where are the editorials asking judges who were appointed by conservatives to rule using natural law and let the leftist spend the money on appeals instead of the other way around?
@Vikings202 @RodStryker @AnnaApp91838450 It is time for judges who were recommended for selection by supposed “Conservitive” advisors to the bench by Presidents such Ronald Reagan to do what they were expected to do?		tOstensibly fulfilling the mandate of the people who voted to have conservitives
@Vikings202 @RodStryker @AnnaApp91838450 How about “Repub appointed judges” using principles of natural law to make humane just rulings and leaving it to the sickos to go bankrupt on appeals? Isn’t this exactly what the Communist leftist do? Fight fire with fire or cower behind a stack of Law books?
@Vikings202 @RodStryker @AnnaApp91838450 Lawyers &amp; judges seem more interested in their own little Law bubble to the extent of being oblivious to those whom the law is intended and erected to protect		The 9th Circuit makes Unconstitutional rulings every single day bankrupting Justice For the people
@Vikings202 @RodStryker @AnnaApp91838450 Has the interpretation of Law become so complicated and devoid that a judge can not even rule to enjoin irreversible life long damage to the well being and welfare of a girl or young woman? 		Let him rule for the prosecution and let them appeal. 		Common man!
@RodStryker Sharia law is being allowed by judges to climb above the US Constitution. 		Child abuse. Human torture. These Islamic beliefs are illegal in the USA.
RT @RodStryker: I'm truly disgusted that another globalist Obama judge dropped charges of Female Genital Mutilation against this mooslim do…
Trump vs Admiral McRaven, What Gives https://t.co/q1T5dDzKXp via @YouTube
Trump vs Admiral McRaven, What Gives https://t.co/q1T5dDzKXp via @YouTube 		Lots of corrupt deep state Admirals and Generals unfortunately. And Bush and Obama corrupted the Academies.
Does anyone believe that Donald Trump would have run for POTUS if the USA had secure borders, the economy was humming along and the world was secure?		BREAKING!! FEDERAL JUDGE in HUGE TROUBLE After DOING THIS Over BORDER!		https://t.co/zRpe1QilTu via @YouTube
RT @XStrategiesDC: You know what they say — “the only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.” https://t.co/pRMfitcfgy
@UppityWilliamP Extinguish the animals.
Why has Putin continued the Brezhnev plans for decades? To build up a defense against Rothschild, Rockefeller globalist shadow deep state gov UN NWO OWG jihadist plan		Radical Islam is a globalist funded and structured plan to destroy the West then them &amp;East
National Emergency / Act of War... https://t.co/hfV6nfLw9z via @YouTube		Why did Russia send uranium purchased through Uranium 1 to Iran? Putin was sticking to the Brezhnev plan. Build up militaries with arms to Cape Town then take them over.
What is the law of the land should executive action take place under Marshal Law? Read The documents.		60,000 Sealed Indictments/Military Tribunals/Disorder. https://t.co/jwD8Olz9tX via @YouTube
Military men &amp; women. You’ve all heard rumors about people’s personal lives. You are all generally aware of who you would rather not be in the trenches with. The sex clubers are a danger to U. We’re not talking about affairs and girlfriend relationships here
Identify clear cut traitors and get them@out of the military. No GLBT military can be trusted. Nearly ever single one will side with the evil villain George Soros when he gives his diabolical speeches attempting to undermine the POTUS. Ask them how they feel.
Officers known to be participating in Sex orgy clubs are more then likely all in.  They are deep state controlled already and they will betray We The People who’ve paid for their education, training and above average salaries compared to the civilian world.
Military folks who have been involved in these clubs need to get your mind straight and get out now. Get your friends out now. Many are already beyond repair. Make note of who they are and find a Christian Chaplin, not a Muslim or Church of Satan one
Strip clubs are fertile grounds for deep state recruitment. Where did Stormy Danials and the mail bomber work? A strip club in Palm Beach Florida only months before the elections and Kavanaugh hearings. 		Fromnstrip club to orgy clubs parties. Get out now.
To all military men and women: Lucifer uses Sex, money and power in that order to corrupt and compromise good people.		Young men and women want sex first. If you are in a sex club or participating in orgies, stop and get out now. Talk to your Chaplin.
Any officer observed by SNCO’s NCO’s or Enlisted, to be acting in contravention of orders or refusing to turn in military issue when cashiered or insisting that their cashierment is illegal and does not stand or makes arguments there of must be arrested.
If a soldier express dismay or confusion and questions what POTUS is doing then they need to be corrected verbally and reassured that what POTUS is doing is his Constitutionally legal duty. His ultimate duty is to protect the USC and the USA.
US Military enlisted SNCO’s, NCO and every E1 need to be on alert to any unusual behavior. Strong Verbal rebellion against the commander in Chief can not be ignored. Any sign of rebellion needs to be arrested.
What would Jesus do? To answer that question, what will Jesus do when he returns to earth?
TRUMP PREPARES FOR THE MILITARY TAKEOVER OF USA #ReadyForceX https://t.co/j2RK2GKxJS via @YouTube		A Chief Justice coward sycophant and traitor now ready to betray the US Constitution. A Senate of weak politicians. A criminal gang who stole the house.
@Navy1983mjb Any time now.
RT @marsi_c: @DeepStateExpose https://t.co/8y58nGhZ01
RT @DeepStateExpose: Breaking never before seen footage of Crooked Hillary spotted in the sky en route to Deep State Headquarters!!! https:…
RT @charliekirk11: Did you know:		Democrats won 73/100 of the wealthiest house districts in the midterms		Hillary won 8/10 of the wealthies…
@RealKyleMorris So so sweet. 		Keep in mind these are the people that Hillary Clinton calls deplorable.
RT @RealKyleMorris: WATCH: Men and women of America’s armed forces are reunited with their families in time for the holidays. 		Videos like…
RT @malteseTTT: .@realDonaldTrump                         .@ seanhannity                     PLEASE Protect the little girls‼️ THIS JUDGE H…
RT @PeterSweden7: The new UN global pact on migration will make it ILLEGAL for citizens and media outlets to critisize mass migration.		Sha…
RT @MorganaDays: Damn! a Mexican citizen protecting the USA border from a Honduran migrant trying to cross illegally. 😵😵 https://t.co/1GwVj…
RT @BillCooper1776: @LisaMei62 Don’t worry @GenMhayden we have a great geriatric unit with hospice nurses at #GITMO awaiting for your arriv…
RT @KamVTV: Here is a little something for you to ponder. 		President Trump cant seem to get $20 billion for a wall. 		So how did Obama com…
Good by Satanic shadow government, US and global deep state. You drink the blood of poor little abandoned crying children whom you sexually molest, betray and torture. The wrath of God is coming upon you now and the world is about to be free.
When this starts it will happen in seconds.
Every SNCO, NCO, enlisted along with Senior officers need to know and be clear that the POTUS is Constitutionally authorized to cashier any military officers commission for any reason at any time. Just like firing an FBI Director. Refusal to obey is Treason
SNCO’s, NCO’s and enlisted are the backbone of the US Military when it comes to locking down the military and preventing Deep State insurrection which will be led by a fairly large section of Admirals followed by a fairly sizable Generals refusing cashierment
Officers and Non Commisiones Officers enlisted right down to USMC, Army, USN, Air Force Junior Enlisted Ranks E7, E5, E4,E1, NCO &amp; SNCO are the backbone of the United States Military when it comes to preventing insurrection not tgenerals &amp; admirals.
Military patriots will need to be highly attuned to any egregious behavior irregularitie among cashiered officers. POTUS orders to defend the US Constitution in spirit &amp; principles and orders by their Commnader in Chief will be left to your good judgement.
Fox News is controlled by the Rothschild shadow government. It is an MSM Deep State psyops. The good guys and gals there are window dressing.  They will need to take courage and stick together as they will be the New Fox News after the shadow gov ousted.
Expect Military control of FB, Google, the FAANG companies. FAANG companies have been sucking Free Speech, the life blood of democracy from the internet colluding with Soros/ DNC to steal the elections in layup to their planned US Constitutional crisis.
Shadow gov Rothschild deep state Obama/Soros control over the US military world wide will be truncated in seconds		Loyalty of the rank and file troops is the key above all who will look to the decisive leadership of the Comander In Chief presenting the facts
Orders to all remaining officers and enlisted will be clear. Block any and all resistance whether verbal or physical by all means up to and including deadly force. 		This will occur “Before” sealed indictments are made public.  		MSM blocked by EBS &amp; EAS.
Commissioned officers &amp;non commissioned deemed to risks to national security to be dismissed, ‘cashiered’ having commission stripped. Orders will be issued with a mouse click		Orders of enforcement by any and all remaining to be sent simultaneously
We are on the razors edge. 		A week to days away from declassification, Marshall Law in defense of the US Constitution, 10’s of thousands of military officer commissions identified as risks to national security to be dismissed or ‘cashiered’.
Fox News will be taken over into receivership by the United States federal government with its owners arrested and shares publicly seized when ties to the Globalist pedophiles and international deep state are revealed. Judge Nap to be arrested.
We The People will see Geraldo Riviera fox news in the field holding the microphone in front of cameras in a child sacrifice sex torture chamber discovering dried children’s blood. He will sit down and cry and weep calling upon Jesus “Save me please Jesus”.
D5: THE DAY THE CLINTON FOUNDATION'S CRIMES GO PUBLIC: [D]eep State [C]r... https://t.co/uC7ajlI61m via @YouTube
More stark evidence that President Obama Criminalizes and weaponized the Intel community 16 way from Sunday.		No probable cause yet blanket 24/7 by surveillance before Moeller was even appointed special counsel.
BOMBSHELL: Roger Stone May Have Blown The Lid Off Mueller Probe https://t.co/0RSUFubwA7 via @YouTube
@Luke17_37 and with the wine of whose sexual immorality the dwellers on earth have become drunk.”
@Luke17_37 Revelation 17:1-18		Then one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and said to me, “Come, I will show you the judgment of the great prostitute who is seated on many waters, with whom the kings of the earth have committed sexual immorality,
@Luke17_37 Very well. If you don’t mind I see there are some people following so I will continue this thread knowing you have retired from it. It is very important to dispel this notion of suffering through God‘s wrath, the great tribulation especially now.
@Luke17_37 1 Thessalonians 1:10 		And to wait for his Son from heaven, whom he raised from the dead, Jesus who delivers us from the wrath to come		God’s wrath is coming to earth again. The first time was the flood the second time will be the tribulation.
@Luke17_37 1 Thessalonians 5:9 ESV / 67 helpful votes		For God has not destined us for wrath, but to obtain salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ,
@Luke17_37 Has this happened yet? During the tribulation?		Isaiah 26:21 		For behold, the Lord is coming out from his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their iniquity, and the earth will disclose the blood shed on it, and will no more cover its slain.
@Luke17_37 John 3:36 		Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life; whoever does not obey the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God remains on him
@Luke17_37 Romans 1:18 		For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who by their unrighteousness suppress the truth
@Luke17_37 Who said anything about a pleasant life on earth? All believers have tribulation as I have said. The distinction is trails and tribulations versus enduring the great tribulation which is the wrath of God. To be sure there is suffering but grace is sufficient.
@Gem_WifeOfRhye @Luke17_37 Saying that one is saved and believing that one is saved but then proceeding in life evidencing no change is someone who is only fooling themselves and has not truly been saved. Following after Jesus fully heart and mind yields assurance that can not be lost.
@Luke17_37 The Jews were not ready to be Harpazo’d out of Egypt. Heaven was not yet available to them. Got a head to protect them right where they were. In a Similar Way, Elijah was hidden in a rock with a great fiery storm came upon him.
@Luke17_37 Looking forward to the tribulation in no way can help one’s faith increase. Rather would discourage anyone from believing. Faith comes by loving God. Admitting sin, confessing and asking God for help and salvation then walking in faith is our calling.
@Luke17_37 During that time where the Jews were in Egypt the blood of the lamb Jesus Christ had not yet been shed. Therefore their protection came by faith in the sacrifice to come. Sacrifice has now been made in the blood atonement. We now have a place to go to hide.
@Luke17_37 Enoch walked with God and could not be found on the earth. Noah escaped the flood. God took lot out of Sodom and Gomorrah before Judging it. Elijah was taken up off the earth.
@Gem_WifeOfRhye @Luke17_37 One can turn away from God as Judas did but can faith ever be lost? Giudice did not lose his feet you simply never embraced it and turned away from having it. People can turn away from the faith but where does it say they cam lose their faith?
@Luke17_37 Or God could shield his people by taking them up in Harpazo thus leaving the others not yet ready to except him to themselves. Thus intensifying pressure on the remaining to test their own believes as to whether true or false doctrines of delusions.
@Gem_WifeOfRhye @Luke17_37 Why would teaching pre trib cause people to fall away? Is it because you believe that fear is the only motive that saves? Or can it be that humility, confession of sin and acceptance of salvation are the selfless motives necessary leading to salvation?
@Luke17_37 The Jews reject their own needed. They are waiting for a messiah to come who is as good as they feel that they are. This is a stubborn Arrogance which is an affront to God Who knows well their sins. Just as he knows the sins of the church.
@Luke17_37 New Age religion is Kabbalism.  It is a self seeking system of self-righteousness. A general believe that Jews cling to. Misinterpretation of the law and missing the point of the law is rooted in denial of self need. The Jews reject their need.
@Luke17_37 It is the wrath of God that we see port out from chapter 5 revelation and onward until the second coming of Jesus Christ. It is the time of Jacob’s trouble. The time to bring pressure upon them that exceeds their stubborn clinging to self &amp; New Age Kabbalism
@Luke17_37 The juice could it go to heaven to escape the plagues brought about upon Egypt. Instead they remain fully protected and did not suffer a single plague themselves as long as they have the blood of the lamb on the door post. The blood of the lamb is shed.
@Luke17_37 God left the Jews in Egypt during the plagues but protected under the blood of the lamb. Now the blood of Jesus Christ has been shed protecting the church. And Jesus has returned to heaven and said that we’re I am there you may be also.
@Luke17_37 Hail stones &amp; fire from the sky just like Sodom and Gomorrah. Did God leave Lot there? Water turning to blood, famines, pestilence, mass beheadings, Global populations suffering dilution, insanity.
@Luke17_37 Every believer goes through tribulation and suffering. This is because we are rejected by a world who were Jack’s God and goes the way of the flesh.  Jesus said blessed are the poor in spirit for they shall inherit the earth. But not hail stones in fire.
@Luke17_37 There has been a remanent in every dispensation. This will be true in the tribulation and in the kingdom age to come. Even in the kingdom age when Jesus is ruling on earth there will be those who reject him. There are believers and unbelievers in every age.
@Luke17_37 The Bible shows that there are believers after the rapture during the tribulation period. These are the ones who chose the world and rejected the truth. But the witness in remembrance of testimonies left behind clearly influenced them to believe
@Luke17_37 God wants our faith. He will give us the courage.
@Luke17_37 Faith in God gives courage but courage does not give faith.
@Luke17_37 Ecclesiastes 12:13		Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man.		No where in scripture does God say to us “Prove your faith” by being brave. Faith does give courage.
@Luke17_37 We do not need to Prove our Christianity by being “willing”to go through The Great Tribulation. If this were true then all believers would need to go through the Tribulation		God does not seek bravery. He only seeks your love and to receive his love for you
@Luke17_37 Can the body of Christ be split into two parts, one part going through the tribulation while most of the body didn’t?
@Luke17_37 Well if that is true then only a fraction of the body of Christ will have gone through the tribulation while the greater majority will have not. How is that fair to those who have to endure God’s wrath? Why them and not all of all are the body of Christ?
@Luke17_37 Why would you focus more on this one subject above others?
@Luke17_37 God would not have us come to faith by force but rather by love. That they wondered in the desert was their way of repentance leading to salvation.  		Today many believers come to faith the same way, by tribulations because we are stubborn too.
@Luke17_37 The Lord can save people before the eyes of the whole world as he did with Nineveh and he can save people without showing the whole world but he never will hide the truth. It is always there to see for those who search the Holy Spirit out.
@Luke17_37 It seems the Lord has left some things hidden as a lesson for contemplation. Children are born into sin. It’s genetic. Some one has to teach children the way of salvation, set the example, decipher, nurture in the Lord. We see this throughout scripture.
@Luke17_37 There seems to have always been a remanent in every age, even in the age of the law. Perhaps we will find that a majority of the Jews who died in the desert cane to faith knowing that their bodies would be buried in the desert but that their souls would not
@Luke17_37 This is my personal belief. I believe that having received rebuke by God that their hearts were broken. That they wept for their children and began teaching them in earnest so that they too would not perish in the desert. The children were discipled.
@Luke17_37 Many died unsaved in the desert. But how is it that their children entered into the promised land by faith 40 years later? Who taught them to believe and have faith?		Their bodies perished in the desert, but did their souls perish their as well?
@Luke17_37 When the teachings begin to depart from description passed down through the ages which appeal to the flesh just as it did to Adam and Eve then their eyes will begin to open and the remnant will  be saved. The church is no different. 2 of the 7 are saved.
@Luke17_37 Moses rebelled bit was saved. Many of the Jews turned Tobago’s but their suffering in the desert brought those to salvation. Stubborn people will bear much suffering without Gods help but God always offers his Grace. Their children crossed the Jordan.
@Luke17_37 No Jew has ever been denied God. Even those who perished in the desert had plenty of time to turn to God and lean on him. Their time in the desert have them@that opportunity. Some likely turned to God teaching their children who eventually crossed the Jordan
@Luke17_37 When one suffers one can turn to God for help or dig their heals in and reject God who stands at the door to help.  The suffering only intensified yet even then God gives relief only to be stubbornly rejected. Birth pangs will deliver Israel.
@Luke17_37 In a fallen world ruled by Satan a believer can not survive evil without God’s Help.  When people stubbornly prefer tradition &amp; teachings over truth they have little defense against evil thus suffering persecution. As a whole the Jews have suffered.
@Luke17_37 The blinding of the Jews has come to them through false teachings. It doesn’t appear to be spiritual blinding of individual Jews. All people are the same.  Teachings that nations &amp; family hierarchies cling to vary widely. How hard they cling determines.
@Luke17_37 It is good to be certain of ones own commitment. Many have struggled with knowing whether they are truly saved or not. During the tribulation this will be ever more difficult for one to ascertain. Being willing to suffer and die will be their comfort.
@Luke17_37 God testing to be sure may seem unfair from a socialist view but His motive stems from his view from heaven. The testing of the tribulation is for those to be certain in their minds. God knows the heart and mind. He needs no proof from anyone to know.
@Luke17_37 Perhaps saying that all should be treated the same would be socialist. To the contrary God does treat people differently according to their own choices but he offers Everyone the opportunity to be saved. Choose now or choose later and be tested to be sure.
@Luke17_37 Yet God in his mercy is open to ANYONE who searches him out. Jew not excluded. Thus the blindness can be pierced and Jews can see if their hearts being heavy, sensing God’s spirit which is always present draws them to his salvation through Jesus the rejected
@Luke17_37 The News have stubbornly passed down through their children false beliefs as they have remained devoid of God’s presence to open their eyes. Jesus himself illustrated that they were Deaf dumb and blind but could be healed by him. They saw they rejected
@Luke17_37 Rebellion comes from within the flesh. The Jews had so many opportunities to experience with their own eyes &amp; ears God yet only reluctantly coming to him then rejecting him time and again. God said he would go out into the street and invite the unclean
@Luke17_37 One can trace today that the New Age religion, Masonic Luciferian religion came from the rebellion of Solomon himself. Washington DC is laid out in a miss sonic fashion and we see the swamp full of Masons comprising the deep state at work today.
@Luke17_37 It seems unfair unless I recall that the Jews were chosen. Eventually pledged to God their faith but then broke away. It is written in the Books of Moses. Therefore God said because of their stiff necked rebellion he would blind them to salvation.
@Luke17_37 Many Jews today have turned to Jesus and are saved.		But as a whole have been blinded for rejecting God.		Jeremiah 30:7		Alas! for that day is great, so that none is like it: it is even the time of Jacob's trouble; but he shall be saved out of it.
@Luke17_37 Exactly. Fair to say that God is fair to all created in his image even to those who are not. The angels live under yet a different dispensation and within multi dimensions. Some Angels fell and have no salvation. Others kept their estate. Yet more differences
@Luke17_37 Faith is the basis of salvation but how one came to believe over the ages &amp; even what was revealed in their day differed. Same God different plan. This illustrates the workings of God who’s knowledge of us results in a unique plan with a common thread. Faith
@Luke17_37 So there is a vast difference between what people experience after death before the resurrection of Jesus and what people now experience after death. There are many testimonies of those pronounce medically did who have gone to heaven and returned to tell us.
@Luke17_37 While faith remains the scarlet thread that Joshua and Caleb told Rehab to hang from her window and she would be saved, faith remains the basis of salvation today. But the price wasn’t paid until Jesus came lived and died and was resurrected.
@Luke17_37 “This is flesh thinking. Living flesh would prefer to avoid the pain of the Tribulation.” But that may be flesh thinking attempting to share in the pain equally? Might it be flesh thinking to say it’s not fair that some never lived through that suffering?
@Luke17_37 The timing is relative to one another as believers. It implies that those who die first are resurrected first. First in the grave first out.  God tells children to respect elders. The elderly believers will be resurrected in sequence ahead of those alive.
@Luke17_37 Salvation has always been by faith. Before Jesus when people died they went to the bosom of Abraham, not heaven. When Jesus died he went into Sheol and brought the believers who died prior to the dispensation of grace into heaven. 2 journeys to heaven
@Luke17_37 The common thread, the scarlet thread if you will, which salvation has always been tied to is Faith as you have said.  We all, believers, end up in the same place but in different states of existence according to our works evidencing sanctification.
@Luke17_37 Prior to the indwelling of the Holy Spirit we see throughout the Old Testament wear the Holy Spirit came upon the person but nowhere does it say that it was in dwelling and permanent. No indication of that. Hence yet another difference in dispensation
@Luke17_37 John 16:7		Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.		Dispensation of law no indwelling of the Holy Spirit.
@Luke17_37 Dispensation of Law v Grace is evident in clear demarcation 		Acts 2:2		And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting		We have the indwelling of the Holy Spirit. The law did not
@Luke17_37 Believers today are preaching Hong the good news of salvation in the land of Israel today. There books, videos and personal testimonies abounding that will remain in the hearts and minds of those left behind. They are intelligent they will figure it out.
@Luke17_37 The book of Ruth seems to explain the relationship between Jesus (Blaz) and the Church (Ruth) and between the church (Ruth) and Israel (Naomi).		Dispensationalism is not replacement theology. It is actually affirmed in Jewish messianic Christian belief.
@Luke17_37 Happy Thanksgiving
@Luke17_37 Did u see the post with Chuck Missler? It’s  a great exposition on the subject. A lot to go into. Maybe this conversation is causing folks to think about it?		God is the God of comfort. One can comfort themselves knowing pre. Mid or post seems uncomfortable
@Luke17_37 Not basing a belief on human logic but rather pointing out the congruency of human logic tempered  by the Holy Spirit with scripture. God is not a God of confusion. Human logic in the flesh strays from the word but in spirit comes into alignment.
@Luke17_37 So 1 Th 4:17 mentions no orientation to the timing of the rapture reference to the tribulation. It reference the timing of the rapture to each other. I have a number and so do you. Whichever one goes first will be ahead of the other yet it in a split second
@Luke17_37 That verse is just saying that the resurrection of the bodies of all believers at the time of the rapture will occurs in a sequence where the first whose bodies died, namely Adam and Eve will be redirected first on down to those still alive.
@Luke17_37 “The name "Septuagint" from the Latin word for seventy "septuaginta" (LXX) -- became the traditional name for this translation. ... The Christian Church, at first largely speaking Greek, adopted the Septuagint as its "official" version of the Old Testament.
@Luke17_37 Fair enough. Never the less from the “Greek lexicon based on Thayer's and Smith's Bible Dictionary plus others; this is keyed to the large Kittel and the "Theological Dictionary of the New Testament."
@Luke17_37 Ephesians 3:2 If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you-ward:
@Luke17_37 Add the Kingdom age and now you have 5 clearly different dispensation. Add the Church age also known as the age of grace and then the tribulation in between the 5 mentioned and now you have seven.
@Luke17_37 The spiritual state of innocence that Adam and his wife Eve were in before the fall of to sin was different then after. Yet two separate dispensation evident right there at the beginning. The law of Moses versus the law of grace in the gospel, yet two more
@Luke17_37 What happens with man kind is different throughout the ages. This can be seen in plain discriptions from Denises two the book of Revelation.  These distinct happening with mankind give Observance to the fact that there are separate dispensations in history.
@Luke17_37 God is fare. What happened to people after death before Jesus came is different from what happens to people now after the resurrection of Jesus. What will happen before the rapture is different then after and before the second coming verses after.
@Luke17_37 Some say that the USA is Sodom &amp; Gomorrah but other Bibles collars today say that the USA compares more to Nineveh. Jonah went to Nineveh with the good news of Salvation through faith in God. They accepted and were spared destruction. Sodom &amp; Gomorrah was not
@Luke17_37 Why would  believers in God who missed the rapture have to endure such great unimaginable suffering? It would be emotionally painful to even witness it if one managed to avoid the persecution.		The answer could be, to be sure that the “Delusion” is gone
@Luke17_37 One of the most common thoughts, as you may have expressed, is wouldn’t it be unfare to be spared the Great tribulation. 		Yet many believers have been fortunate to live a happy life with no tribulation? It seems that those who trust after must be tested.
@Luke17_37 Harpazo is a Greek word from from which the word rapture was derived. If you can read the Greek or avail yourself of Thayer and Smith. "Greek Lexicon entry for Harpazo". "The KJV New Testament Greek Lexicon".  It might give something to consider.
@Luke17_37 Now of course don’t take ones word for it. If the subject is one that you want to be certain of since, after all there are differing opinions, then the verses above along with the word study of Harpazo in the Greek May be of interest. May his blessings abound
@Luke17_37 Scripture always interprets scripture.  This is God’s way of reinforcing meanings. Therefore “Context is key”. This is especially true when examining mysteries in scripture. God reveals mysteries throughout his word as the ages have progressed
@Luke17_37 KJV Verse Count		Total13	Greek lexicon based on Thayer's and Smith's Bible Dictionary plus others; this is keyed to the large Kittel and the "Theological Dictionary of the New Testament." These files are public domain.
@Luke17_37 Word study. Harpazo. Definition: Definition	to seize, carry off by force	to seize on, claim for one's self eagerly	to snatch out or away.		King James Word Usage - Total: 13	catch up 4, take by force 3, catch away 2, pluck 2, catch 1, pull 1
@Luke17_37 Believers accept that a date of the rapture whether pre Mid or post remains at this point in time unknown Scripture states that no one knows the day or hour		As author of scripture in what context would you use the word rapture without revealing timing?
The Rapture. . Chuck Missler https://t.co/D0uu0vh8eC via @YouTube
@bennyjohnson @realDonaldTrump The Pilgrims were “Thankful People” not arrogant invaders taunting their would be hosts. 		The Pilgrims were thankful and thus they gave thanks to God for safe passage to a new land where they could be free. Happy Thanks giving from Asia.
@bennyjohnson Above all, the Pilgrims were peaceful law abiding people willing to contribute to civilization to earn their daily bread. They believed in, established and lived by The Rule of Law.
@bennyjohnson @realDonaldTrump Pilgrims were families, husbands, wives &amp; children. Of course Obama &amp; zombi followers attempt to deceive along with the complicit CNN, MSM, WP, NYT. By attempting to hide the truth, lying &amp;misinforming they are enemies of the USA&amp; humanity
@bennyjohnson And the pilgrims were God fearing clean honest people. They didn’t march into Holland waving their flags. They didn’t crash through the border. They weren’t criminals. They didn’t demand welfare, didn’t invade by the thousands. They didn’t taunt their host
@ReutersBiz More money in pockets for Christmas shopping 🛍 another boost for jobs and the economy.
@ReutersBiz @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @FoxNews 		Oil prices dropping: “Let it fall, let it fall, let it fall” 		“Oh, the weather outside is frightful	But the fire is so delightful	And since we've no place to go	Let it snow, let it fall, let it snow”
@CCBiel @realDonaldTrump @POTUS CNN and MSM know what a plague of military aged men, crime, disease, human and child sex slave trafficking is invading the border but the reporters Do Not Care. 		They don’t care about the innocent ones in the mix and they hate us.
@CCBiel @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 	@CNNSitRoom 		CNN, MSM know that it’s an invasion of military aged men, known criminals and missing children being trafficked.		CNN/MSM are not only the enemy of the people, they are the enemy of all humanity. Liars and traitors.
@CCBiel @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 	MSM truly is the enemy of the people. They are advocating for the foreign invaders to penetrate the borders freely. They know there are criminals and terrorists and mostly young military aged men. They know children have gone missing.
“For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope.”	Romans 15:4 KJV https://t.co/HLfaxCa27k
“That ye may with one mind and one mouth glorify God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.”	Romans 15:6 KJV https://t.co/ZsKIUVDCtW
“Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus:”	Romans 15:5 KJV https://t.co/C3CPH6dASa
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like -…
RT @realDonaldTrump: “79% of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit.” @FoxNews  A terrible, costly and dangerous disgrace.…
@realDonaldTrump Everyone’s out spending money and rushing to be with families. Fantastic hustle and bustle. It’s a sign of a healthy economy.
Limbaugh: Mueller actually investigating president's joke - WND https://t.co/eR1GSiiX6w via @worldnetdaily		A dishonest person just like Hillary is, would have colluded with Russians in secret and wouldn’t have dared to crack a joke about it.
RT @buzzman888: #Caravan 	What the MSM won’t tell you.	@SecNielsen explains the numbers.	#StopTheCaravan 		#Cody45🐯	https://t.co/cUpPJDtVqd
@jetset_pilot @LisaMei62 @AlinaHere @BreitbartNews Pizzagate
@Oahts @LisaMei62 @1artniece2 @BreitbartNews Laura Loomer certainly has a...  something too. Where does that come from? Courage comes from belief in God. Faith in God makes it stronger. Many who have a pair turn out to be cowards.
@davidlynch1983 @LisaMei62 @BreitbartNews Well he would be facing Mueller. He has taken a play from Ginsburg by speaking out there bye intentionally placing himself in a position of having to recuse himself from any cases POTUS brings such as the looming border related cases from the 9th.
RT @LisaMei62: He was either being blackmailed, threatened, or bribed to keep silent about Hussein.		Chuck Grassley to Chief Justice John R…
Seems Chief Justice Roberts has intentionally followed after the example of Ruth Bader Ginsburg and has intentionally spoken out against POTUS knowingly positioning himself to recuse himself. He does not want to rule on the border case	 https://t.co/TwCydm2drO
@johncardillo @JLove2233 It is a problem. We The People are Saline again in the heart.  They are everywhere. 		Joshua 1:9		Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.
@charliekirk11 @Ginnyabaker Looks like God is about to take Justice Roberts out.
RT @charliekirk11: If members of the caravan were likely to vote Republican the Democrats would have already built the wall and mobilized t…
@charliekirk11 @Ginnyabaker Exactly
@Thomas1774Paine FB derives it’s revenue from one source. ADVERTISING.  They partner advertising little boys&amp; girls as brides		But they have time to shadow ban conservitives 86,400 seconds a day, investing your QE WS money developing AI for that but not to stop trafficking
@Thomas1774Paine Actually Facebook is under fire for knowingly aiding and abetting in child trafficking and sex slavery of children.  FB is part of the global Satanic pedophile ring. Children used and then snuffed out because LEFTIST people working at Facebook don’t care.
RT @Thomas1774Paine: Facebook under fire for not stopping sale of child bride https://t.co/n9HBk3txI9
Any church group that opens up their doors and invites Alex Jones in Will Be Blessed by God through Jesus. 		Ditch the 501C3		Alex Jones Confirms 7 yr Last Trump &amp; Mark Taylor Prophecy! Rapture Zone... https://t.co/RPqkgMOXn8 via @YouTube
Never soft pedal the words and acts of evil doers. They know but they do what they do because they us and they hate America.
MSM press believes POTUS Trump. They know he is a good man, has lost a fortune personally. They know he cares deeply about The USA But they don’t and They don’t care that he cares about US because they hate US too		https://t.co/Cd3jgFIzlR via @YouTube
@foxnewspolitics @IngrahamAngle 		It seems that Chief Justice Roberts is the deep state Ace Card but just like Ginsberg must now recuse himself from all maters that Trump rules on.		https://t.co/H9JCar0wiZ via @YouTube
The leftist followers will cry when they learn the truth of just how evil those they put up on a pedestal really are. You will all break down and cry no matter how hard you think you are. When you see their evil you will feel extreme shame, most of you.
ThenSatanic forces have always attacked Israel on their religious holidays. Now comes the deep state over the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays to attack the USA at the border and the POTUS who is saving and defending US.
This is about to get interesting. We are nearing the end of the Rothschild Banking Satanic Occult global Shadow Government. Jesus will be glorified and God will step in to save America and MAGA. Why? Because he always has since Adam and Methuselah
Roberts another pathetic fake conservitive. An un registerred RINO. He is a fool.  It is dangerous to have sycophants in such high positions of power. How many more? A lot. Haman had a lot of people stacked in power but one single sweet woman destroyed him
CNN is a pedophile Occult sex ring.  So is Hollywood. So is Wall Street. Even the zombies are about to awaken because POTUS Trump does have the video proofs. Under Marshal Law he will activate the EBS and EAS systems and the world will know.
Go ahead fools. Make your move and make our day because God is watching and Jesus will appropriate the victory and you will scream at the skies once more. The few of you who bus and fly around the nation and mob good people.  You will loose POTUS and US win
The deep state and shadow gov believe that if they force POTUS Trump into a corner, that if they are controlling the circumstances that force POTUS to declare Marshal law that they will then have fake public MSM support to Impeach arrest imprison convict.
This could leave two branches of government against one. We have a split US military. Ultimately Trump holds the high hand because he can enact Marshal Law and trump both branches while at the same time sending the USMC to force declassification ending it all
So Supreme Court Justice John Roberts is a Deep State sycophant. He was appointed by Globalist G.W. Bush who has also broke ranks with tradition to dis the POTUS.  So it’s a tie for now. Trump is in a corner. Let’s pray		https://t.co/H9JCar0wiZ via @YouTube
Only a leftist sniveling thumb sucking ANTIFA zombi n their fetal position at night relish the idea of POTUS Trump pulling the trigger. They will be shocked when he does but none more so then the deep state people.		How far can this stretch out? POTUS knows
@caligudda It only takes a few minutes to fact check.
@RyherdPhyllis We The People can not fight them by sticking with POTUS Trump if We don’t know what they are up to. When they know that we know what they are up to it makes their tasks infinitely more difficult to pull the wool over Our eyes and pull off their syndical plots
RT @RedheadLadyNY: Laurie's Love Boat   Happy Thanksgiving!	@DFBHarvard 	@dfalls1552 	@MAGAPOWERED 	@PRBrat69 	@Mbrat6971 	@DaveSchreiber3…
@RyherdPhyllis But  here again CNBC is not the only one sending out these signals. Every single mainline financial so called news outlet is sending out the same signal. Ignore the train whistle and stay on the tracks or move to switch the tracks away from US?
@RyherdPhyllis Everything that CNBC is saying is a lie. But it does clearly broadcast the globalist intentionsas does the rest of MSM. Together they all send signals. It is a part of conditioning the mind to what may take place according to what they might do.
@heidi_weigand @truthforHim1224 @fedupwarriorq17 @MAGAHappyBoy @G_WWG1WGA @DrSesus8091 @RisingRose71 @nobanjfk @USATrump45 @LauraLeeBordas @Redtowel4 @USAloveGOD @MAGAMaggieMay @RonMyers98 Does the shadow gov want to assassinate the POTUS?  Well yes they want to. But they would rather impeach and take the coup d’état all the way making the takedown of the most powerful patriotic man in America in example so that no one will dare to defy them.
RT @politicalHEDGE: Hedge Rewind to November 20, 2018@10:12am		 Tech-Led Bloodbath Hurting Retail Stocks: TGT, BBY, KSS &amp; More https://t.co…
@politicalHEDGE The whole globalist attack is designed to take the economy to its knees in order to among other things, undermine the Trump base. It won’t work. It will actually strengthen and add to the base because people are now aware.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Incredible to be with our GREAT HEROES today in California. We will always be with you! https://t.co/B1MCTF83Zf
https://t.co/6r22wzYVJC
(PDF) Global Economic Slowdown and the African Continent: Rethinking Export-Led Growth https://t.co/gTy04y8cW0
U.S. tariffs may slow down global economic recovery: OECD's Gurria - Video - BNN https://t.co/SE45v3AgJG
Will China's Economy Slow Down In 2017? | IG https://t.co/BUfP2WP0R3 via @YouTube
Gerald Celente - What Happens If the Global Economy Slows Down? Economic... https://t.co/QOvPxJ6i4w via @YouTube
Mike Maloney Collapse Confirmed !!Central Bankers Are Preparing To Crash... https://t.co/47qwJD0iua via @YouTube
These 9 Charts Explain The Global Economic Slowdown -- And Why Central Banks Can't Fix It https://t.co/gbyPVPjydl
Strong Selling Pressure Sparked by Global Economic Slowdown - 11/09/2018 https://t.co/yIbO7HFKzP via @YouTube
The global economic slowdown: Implications for the rural poor | IFPRI https://t.co/jGIdeBawfi
COLUMN-Global economic slowdown is likely and necessary later in 2018 or 2019: Kemp | Article [AMP] | Reuters https://t.co/JQtV3Wal6z
global economic slowdown: Latest News &amp; Videos, Photos about global economic slowdown | The Economic Times https://t.co/q8uTVMvZ2a
Trade tariffs, higher interest rates are slowing global growth, OECD says https://t.co/OgbDqeW05a
OECD warns of global economic slowdown | Arab News https://t.co/pL4cshLodz
Global Economy Shows Strain as U.S. Steams Ahead - WSJ https://t.co/lfyIqBf6sg
Global economic slowdown will expose Trump's trade ignorance | TheHill https://t.co/CzNOQyuV8L
World economy to slow down in 2019 due to trade wars: OECD https://t.co/TSSpR7y2OL
@caligudda Accept what your eyes are seeing take place or reject what your eyes are seeing		There is a coup d’état taking place. Everybody knows it whether on left or the right. All that is left for all to do is draw their conclusions		POTUS will help by revealing all
@caligudda Everything is public information. Research. It only takes minutes. Then draw your conclusions. What will be will be, regardless.  The forces in motion are real. We are living in interesting times unlike any seen before since WW II but even more so then ever.
MSM will be shut down by the Emergency Alert System and the Emergency Broadcast System.		The coup d’état will come to an end		We The People are now Within weeks of the Show down between the globalist slave masters and the global slaves. Prepare your hearts
To pull the trigger is a very sad thing to have to do. Epic consequences. Innocent civilian blood to be slaughtered in the crossfire as the deep state refuses to surrender instead attempting to up the anti to pressurePOTUS to stand down. He Won’t
There Subordinates will never even know what happened to their  corrupt leader. Subordinates will be too busy caring out their duties and following orders given by the replacement. They will not even have time to stop and think about it.
This is why you elect a leader.
But the cabinet members are infinitely wise and experienced with power struggles, initiative and results and all of them will back POTUS completely. 90% all out giving confidence to that 10% to say “Okay, I am in. I am with you”. 		Shaken but not stirred.
Others will say “No don’t do it” because they are afraid, lack confidence because they do not have the faculties developed enough to fully grasp all of the touch point factors at play. They wallow in confusion and indecision.
Many advisors will say “No Mr. President, you shouldn’t do it”. And they will give there reasons, some even hoping POTUS will ignore them this letting themselves off the hook for blame so they can say “Inadvised no” while to themselves hoping he will do it.
The fact that the crypto euro is not feasible yet to be employed Will not stop the globalists from prosecuting there plan for global collapsed and implementation of the euro. Why?		And the Answer is for $1000 Alex: What is “Never waist a crisis”. Ding!
Hollywood is the globalist script writer and has been ever since Richard Nixon was impeached in a globalist coup d’état. All The Presidents men was a globalist bragging of having taken down a United States president for all in power to fear.
The powers of the Congress and the judiciary will be suspended constitutionally under martial law.		All evidence will be declassified and presented over the Emergency Broadcast System and the Emergency Alert System. No one will call for impeachment after that
No one perhaps not even POTUS knows who will make the next step because of the unknown factors which pose incalculable risks		Expect POTUS to be first to take action. The deep state Congress along with RINO’s in Congress and Senators will try to impeach
The fact is that the USA is already in a state of war officially by a Succession of executive orders dating back to world war two. They have been extended and signed by every sitting president since. Martial law is only a minor formality.
Here is the bad news. There are many rogue Generals and Admirals in the US Military. This is the sad truth. Most have been mapped and tracked and will be taken out immediately with their commissions terminated moments before Marshal Law is triggered by EO.
Or will POTUS preempt the Globalist shadow government of Rothschild directing the global deep state which is now on High Alert?  		If POTUS does not have the backing then it goes to Marshal Law but does he have enough military support?
Exactly who will make the first move, the globalist (They are actually afraid of Trump and would rather just keep increasing the pressure.) Will Trump let them go to far as proof that action to stop them was needed thus securing political gov support? Or...
No one has the ability to advise Trump to pull the trigger on the deep state. But there are a few who will agree that it is the right thing to do when Trump calls his cabinet to an emergency meeting.  That meeting is about to take place one way or another.
There is not one advisor to POTUS Trump who has the confidence to speak the words of advice for Trump to pull the trigger now that We are over target. But there are several who know enough to assess the dire corner that the globalist have backed US into.
Only POTUS Trump is smart enough, knowledgeable enough to stop all of their from occurring AT THE BORDER OF THE USA, because that is now the trigger point for this global economic crisis to evolve out of a US Constitutional crisis.
Who would trust a European Currency which is already failing evidenced by the EU now taking action to seize Italian banks which were drained by a refuge crisis? 		Answer: Only Desperate people would trust a crumbling euro but desperate they will become.
The global wind down to the global economic crisis has begun. The hasty implementation of the crypto euro as the new global currency to be forced upon a desperate world is being pushed out of the hanger. But it does not have wings to fly.
But the fact that the crypto euro is not fully developed and ready for rollout will not stop them from implementing this plan in hasty fashion. Much like the mortgage back SECURITY crisis that trigger the global crisis. The global wind down has begun.
So the plan for a global currency emanating in the euro has already been formulated in they are scrambling to put the pieces together as yet one hand is on the plug getting ready to pull the World into crisis. Yet it is far from full feasible implementation.
IMF Managing Director (CEO) Chairwoman (Chairman of the board) Christine Lagarde revealed the plan, only last week, to roll out the crypto €. all other crypto currency‘s would be forced to go through the crypto euro by registering as a commodity.
The globalist have their hasty plan in place to throw the world into another financial crisis. Did someone tell you this months ago when the Fed raised?		The plan is economic collapse with an immediate crypto euro to save the day and steel the global currency
There is enough evidence to finish the job and put the pedophiles in prison which will DRAIN THE SWAMP.		But only POTUS in the end has the guts, the instinct and the confidence to Win to actually pull the trigger		Did we stop abortion? No we did not. Cowards?
We The People backing POTUS Trump have reached awareness of just how wrong, evil intentioned the Federal Government has become. We sense the evil that will fall on us if We do not stop this using the Constitution. 		Now we are here. We are over the target
What is critical mass to over take the deep state and all of their sleepy zombie followers?  		A sufficient number who Know what is right and Fear what is wrong should it take power over them.  When Bill Clinton was elected stomachs turned sick for months.
We The People have always been OUT NUMBERRED. Always. 200 M of US still know right from wrong. The global population is 7 billion. We will always be out numbered but with God we will always win over the rest of the world including within the US.
So God imposes restriction on what the demonic hierarchy can actually do. They can not do what they do not reveal. Why? Because this leaves the choice up to those willing to believe have faith in God to admit truth and choose who they will follow.
Why do the Satanic Liciferians ALWAYS reveal what they are doing and their intentions freely?		Answer: It is a spiritual law enforced by God which if fallen angel break get sent away to eternal bondage immediately. Yes God has rules that even they must follow
So here you see the luciferian child monsters who torture and murder children to drink their blood to get high on the Shock adrenaline of the tortured innocences revealing just as Hitler did their very intentions.
Obama and the Satanic Globalist pedophiles plan to eliminate Mothers-Day, Fathers-day Thanks giving and Christmas. Christmas was practically eliminate until POTUS Trump		Obama: Racism, Hate, 'Mommy Issues' Hindering the Nation's https://t.co/wo6eOswZO8
@KillaWatt55 @LauraLoomer_Alt Teitter is a deep state joint CIA FBI Intel psyops. Funded by the Federal Reserve QE funneled to deep state wall street into the FAANG stocks.  All backed by the tax payer citizens through the US Treasury. 		Are we getting our monies worth?
@LauraLoomer_Alt Go, go. He’s a coward. He will hide. Your great at this journalism.  Take MAGA with u		1000’s of MAGA showed up at the Broward County Florida elections office to protest Brenda Snipes criminal activities. And they carry just in case an FBI false flag shows up
@freedom_moates @silent_usa Laura Loomer was removed from Twitter for a reason. It’s vindictive payback from deep state twitter for exposing Guilim who was going from black church to black church overseeing voter fraud ballot factories.  That triggered twitter.
Obama and the leftist want to eliminate Mother’s Day and Father’s Day.  They also want the word Love to be labeled hate language.		BREAKING: Obama Says ‘Racist’ Trump Has ‘Mommy Issues’ – Learns Big Mist... https://t.co/ZPygbhIZKu via @YouTube
@PiersRyan This is not normal jihadist invaders are applying for asylum at the border but thank God POTUS Trump has shit down the border. The invaders are welcome to walk to the US embassy in Mexico City and apply for asylum there. You can meet them there to help.
More great analysis by Black Conservitive Patriot.		TRUMP'S [NOT SO] SECRET ALLY HAS THE INTEL TO PUT HRC IN AN ORANGE JUMPS... https://t.co/kASEgAiWb7 via @YouTube
POTUS Trump on the 9th Circuit.  The beginning of the end of the Treasonous ninth circuit is here.		It will fall at the border that it has sought to destroy taking down Dem power with it.		https://t.co/P9A7wPTzVb via @YouTube
Under statement of the year by Turley. Ivanka certainly is not engaged in Pay to Play as The Clinton’s certainly were. 		Turley: Ivanka's Use of Private Emails 'Baffling,' But Not on Same Level as Hillary | Fox News Insider https://t.co/HV4SgT97QP
Massive voter fraud everywhere. The entire US Election has broken down. In effect the US no longer has control of its own government due to Soros foreign interference 		Orange County vote count suggests fraud - WND		.  https://t.co/BSk9wBsM9n
All designed to create a constitutional crisis. 		Congratulations on maneuvering the stupid globalist to put the 9th Circuit against the US Constitution in a contest of national security. The mater was settled in favor of POTUS Trump May 9, 1865.
So now we have an attempted invasion from both the US and Mexico side of the border. Objective to prove The Wall is obsolete in the “New Age”. 		Young terrroris jihadist are to be positioned by California on the US side while Soros jihadist on the Mex side
This is yet another angle in conjunction with all the rest to create a constitutional crisis scripted Hollywood big screen style. Gavin Newsom intends to bring UNpeace full blue Helmet troops to both sides of the border. All Muslim jihadist from the EU.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @LauraLoomer @IngrahamAngle @foxnewspolitics 		The beginning of the end of the 9th Circuit court is here. Within days California Governor elect Gavin Newsom with sanctuary cities will sue to bring UN Troops to both side of border.
@POTUS ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 		The end of the 9th Circuit is here. Congratulations on this maneuver.		Judge BLOCKS Trump’s Order – All Hell About To Break Out On The Border Now! https://t.co/3kbCvN6Su6
California has held no such referendum that would give it rights independent of the US Constitution. As of September 9, 1850 California surrendered all of its sovereign security rights to the united states of America when 8 joined the USA.
The law suits which are about to appear in the 9th will be struck down by the US Supreme Court. Without a vote to succeed from the Union California has no legal basis to assert that its status and concerns as a state pre empt POTUS on national security.
The State can not legally defy POTUS. They are citing precedence for the travel ban and now the judicial ruling which forced the reinstatement of CNN Jim Acosta as supporting arguments that the state can trump federal jurisdiction yet they cite no Referendum
The significance of invading “THE WALL” from both sides of the border is intended to be a symbolic statement that borders are irrelevant in a N”ew Age”.		Sadly weak cowardly politicians such as Paul Ryan agree which is why he didn’t fund the wall.
The Globalist invasion of the USA using their agent agitators Dems, Multiple NGO’s largely Soros organizes and funded, Marxist universities which spawn radical terrorist groups such as BLM &amp; ANTIFA. They are invading the USC from both sides of the wall.
The bases of their argument of calling for UN Peace keeping troops (Note unpeace keeping spells an oxymoron) is based on a number of arguments beginning with the assertion of States Rights. This was already settled, however, in POTUS Trump’s favor May 9, 1865
Now we are within weeks of the 9th ruling for the sanctuary city of San Francisco who along with Gavin Christopher Newsom Governor-elect of California are about to advance the lawsuit on behalf of sanctuary cities and the state of California.
The 9th has plans in place to allow the invitation of the UN peace keeping forces to be brought into the sanctuary cities. They will defer to US UN agreement that allows unilateral imposition of UN blue helmets into the USA by the UN. Another invasion
@realDonaldTrump 	Good bye United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.  The beginning of the end for this evil collection of pedophiles, bohemian grove sex offender’s, infestation. 		National Security demands breaking this UN Globalist ring up
Great News!  This is the beginning of the end of the 9th Circuit Court in San Francisco. By giving POTUS a national security concern POTUS now has clear justification to redistrict the court. 		Judge BLOCKS Trump’s Order https://t.co/sLcXi63Few via @YouTube
@AngelOfficial @deanbc1 @BreitbartNews That opinion should have never been allowed to immigrate into this great USA.
RT @KamVTV: This chick utterly destroys the left and #EricSwalwell. Very wise with her words! 		WATCH!  https://t.co/V7T93ftXQJ
@realDonaldTrump @curth1966 Adam Schitt is leaker numero Uno
RT @OfficeOfMike: Hey @verizon,		I just landed in Tel Aviv, Israel, why do you insist on referring to it as "Palestinian Territories"?		I'l…
Pay attention to this. Bretton Woods II has taken place. Global bankruptcy plan is back 10 years later. The Fed and Wall Street are attacking our USA.		Their Secret Meeting Plans And What They're Going To Do https://t.co/o1vVLXpxme via @YouTube
The fact is McRaven is an average guy of average intelligence and average abilities. He was groomed and puffed to prominence as an admiral. He is fiercely loyal to those who promoted him and appointed him because he knows he didn’t fully earn it.
Market corrections are always healthy. This one centered on the FAANG’s never more so.  It will allow companies where the rubber meets the road to once again access the markets without getting elbowed out by companies that can’t justify their market cap.
Obama appointed 60 some admirals. Many are involved in child and human sex slave trafficking, drug smuggling and many other acts of treason.  Don’t be shocked. Titles mean nothing when held up to the light of truth. How many evil POTUS’ before now? Many.
Anyone who foolishly insinuates and insults the Commander in Chief, retired or not, is disrespecting the Office of the President of The United States of America, undermining US, diminishing stature in the eyes of the world. No responsible person would do that
Osama Bin Ladin was a G.W. Bush creation.  Deep state could have taken him out 24/7 365		They threw Admiral McRaven a bone. He owes the globalist for all of his appointments and victories. A globalist made man. https://t.co/GVarBnWaLI via @YouTube
Osama Bin Ladin was a G.W. Bush creation.  Deep state could have taken him out on any given time 24/7 365		They threw the bone to Admiral McRaven. He owes the globalist for all of his appointments, accomplishments &amp; victories. A globalist made man.
Theodore Roosevelt high school. Lyndon B. Johnson library. All of his influences are leftist and globalist. His beliefs are deeply globalist. The deep state always exults its own. Planning the Osama bin Laden operation was in fact nothing special.
Admiral McRaven is a died in the wool liberal. A globalist. An Obama appointee. Deep state born and groomed. Philosophically a Britt influenced by theosophical notions of evolution. Close Bush relationships. He was handed the kill. https://t.co/sFHr122dSt
@RedKeepsRolling @CherylArgenzia2 @CNN @MSNBC Viva la Mexico, viva la people!
@RedKeepsRolling @CherylArgenzia2 @CNN @MSNBC Make Mexico Great Again!
Great companies looking for capital in the markets have been pushed aside by greed chasing after speculative gains. Fools Gold.  Markets designed to provide capital have failed to do their job efficiently and effectively pushing everything short term
FAANG stocks sell off is a huge positive development. This will result in a re balancing of investment into what truly is making America great again. Factories, production assets, infrastructure. Hi flying returns have not made America stronger only weaker
Taking the deep state down. FAANG’s have disrupted the market sucking money away from the rest while little ROI thus hobbling US Main Street recovery		Tech's 'FAANG' stocks have lost $945 billion and counting from highs amid tech rout https://t.co/raMZJhAXpZ
@Susan69696398 When you know what you like about God you will know what you don’t like and avoid it or him, or her for guys, saving you a lot of heart ach. Experimenting with love relationships is a very dangerous engagement. Mistakes can leave scars a lifetime won’t erase.
@Susan69696398 People like you have what it takes. An open mind. A searching heart. You will find what your looking for by focusing on God First because it becomes your standard, your filter to see truth, identify the fake quickly, giving you strength to pass over trouble.
@Susan69696398 The Country song “Looking for love in all the wrong places identified the problem but understanding God’s words opens your eyes to the solutions and leads you to answers, insights, spiritual wisdom and a much better life.
@Susan69696398 How do they treat everything in life? Is it with care or is it careless. This is how they will treat you. So opening a door for a lady in courtship but even more so when done for an elderly lady. How does he or she treat others, even animals or just things?
@Susan69696398 When you love expressed in all these ways of life by a person then what you are seeing is a person of Love. A person of God. An image of God’s love. It’s a great way for an eligible mate to identify a solid prospect for courtship, marriage and a good life.
@Susan69696398 True yet love is real. Those who love God have true Love. It shows in all of their relationships, work, friends, church, children, mates, in their belongings, their pet animals, their outlooks on life, in optimism which is carried on wings of hope and faith.
HIS TRAP WILL MAKE THEM EAT THEIR WORDS! https://t.co/PEGygphbWr via @YouTube		POTUS Trump is closing in on Soros. 		Very very good analysis by Black Patriot Channel. 		In the beginning US gov agencies were rogue. Now POTUS Trump has rightful control.
If nothing else works yellow cake is the globalist plan for the USA.
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump The sword is among them now in Europe but they are drunk with power soon staggering like a drunken man as the sword comes against them.
Jeremiah 25:15- the LORD, God of Israel, Take this cup of the wine of wrath from My hand &amp;cause all the nations to whom I send you to drink it. "They will drink stagger go mad because of the sword that I will send among them.		 https://t.co/6tXS5Tcd5F
Change for White House Correspondents Dinner		Now Crazy leftist comedians feel they too are a fourth branch of government. No doubt some left wing judge will agree in another half baked ruling will order POTUS to invite Comedians.. https://t.co/vB4CkanY99
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump For those who insinuated that Mr. in Mrs. Trump do not have a close marriage take a closer look. This is a husband and a wife who deeply love each other. We the people are blessed by this and our nation. Happy Thanksgiving.
https://t.co/bOumf6romO
Gowdy fears Mueller’s strengths. Doesn’t think he can face him down.	https://t.co/bJLcI4p1SC via @YouTube		Gowdy is a patriot but he just doesn’t have the courage to stand up to Mueller. And that is why he is retiring. He is in awe of the man.
Mueller, highly cogent and compelling. Almost instantaneous in his responses. Organizes thoughts and delivers in microseconds with precision		Gowdy outclassed and intimidated		Mueller a formidable Nazi globalist. Sad.		https://t.co/bJLcI4p1SC via @YouTube
@CNBC Islands that Chyna made in the South China Sea will be turning into fishing camping and fishing resorts. Chinese love to fish and eat fresh fish.
@sxdoc @realDonaldTrump Actually no presidential candidate ever really said what they would do until Trump. They all cried about this problem and that problem but none of them ever actually said what they will do		Only Trump said what he would do and he is doing what he said👍
@CNBC The end will be a Grand finale with no fireworks. The deep state created Chyna and controls Chyna and is losing control of Chyna. Chyna is about to transform into something totally new. A collection of independent states with open markets. Much Like Vietnam
As it turns out the Democrats deciding not to send Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to the border was the lucky call for them as the optics would have been very bad.
Deep State Hollywood Democrat screen writers who have been writing all of the Narratives that have been in play and have had them a red out in simulations to fine tune Contemplating sending Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to the border. Decided against.
Federal judges are not appointed by the USC to control the military. Their rulings will be ignored, and as well, appealed to the US Supreme Court.  Rule of Law shall prevail. Mexico will deport them all with consequences to every sovereign state they crossed.
Dozens of Democrat appointed judges in 9th and other sanctuary cities/states including Hawaii are about to rule for the Dem law suits demanding troop withdrawals from the border hoping to force a Constitutional crisis when you wake up this morning.
The USA will not pay a penny. Congress will vote to send humanitarian aid. POTUS Trump will threaten to veto it. And he will veto it. US DOJ May sue the DNC controlled sanctuary cities.
Eric Swalwell overheard some things in conversations that he was privy to. Freudian slip of the tongue from an impetuous man.  Puppets lack self discipline. Lack training, self control. break down easily. The occult globalist Nazi’s in final push for OWG NWO.
US Yellow Cake sold to Russia Uranium One, made into a weapon has traceable elements in false flag to blame Putin. 		It takes a lot of energy &amp; equipment to refine it which means deep state has it in a private/government facility.
Eric Swalwell, Democratic warns gun owners that 'government has nukes' - Washington Times		The globalist final plan to end the USA with yellow cake &amp; force US to kneel to the UN set up to meet in Brussels already.		 https://t.co/yOYL1WttdS
The Democrats made and encouraged this mess. This is all the DEMOCRATS Fault. 		Democrats with Sanctuary cities and politicians. 		Mexican Mayor Issues Dire Warning On Caravan, America Better be Prepared https://t.co/3EZqUgJbbV via @YouTube
BREAKING: US Border Goes Into Temporary Lockdown – Incoming Traffic HALTED https://t.co/SJeWCITriI via @YouTube		Now that POTUS Trump has prevented the invasion he will cut off those already here sending money home.
Looks like Soros will have to buy them bus tickets home, food and water another $100 million		Or will Soros humanitarian leave them on their own? Answer, Soros will expect the UN to do it. USA will not pick up the tab		https://t.co/SJeWCITriI via @YouTube
@CountryJazz4 Ecclesiastes 12:13 		Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man.
@CountryJazz4 That old time religion will take you to the door. Of course we must open it and invite him in. Let him live with us and us with him? Jesus didn’t have much good to say about religion.
@CountryJazz4 Man’s interpretations are where the rubber meets the road.
1 Corinthians 13:2 (ASV) And if I have [the gift of] prophecy, and know all mysteries and all knowledge; and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.
@CountryJazz4 1 Corinthians 13:2 (ASV) And if I have [the gift of] prophecy, and know all mysteries and all knowledge; and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.
@CountryJazz4 1 Corinthians 13:2 (ASV) And if I have [the gift of] prophecy, and know all mysteries and all knowledge; and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.
@CountryJazz4 Insight, knowledge. Wisdom is in the eye of the beholder. The wisest man ever was Solomon yet he turned away from God. Today the New Age religion still follows Solomon’s lead.
@CountryJazz4 The old saying “Never bet against America” still stands. Even more to the truth never bet against God or doubt what God can do. The time has come where God is doing what so many prayed decades for. Americans have always prayed. God has always answered.
@CountryJazz4 The children of Israel were always out numbered and always faced superior forces. No different today as We The People face seemingly overwhelming globalist Powers. Bit they are actuall very weak. POTUS Trump recognizes this and attacks every weakness.
@CountryJazz4 No one can please God without faith, for whoever comes to God must have faith that God exists and rewards those who seek him. (Hebrews 11:6)		God wants us to win. Therefore the win is there for the taking of we repent of our sins and ask for the victory.
@CountryJazz4 Exercise that faith. Believing is victory. 		John 15:5		I am the vine and you are the branches. The one who remains in Me, and I in him, will bear much fruit. For apart from Me you can do nothing.		We Can Win.
@CountryJazz4 The awakening of We The People is well under way. There is no reason now to doubt this trend but it is un mistakenly a day to day 24/7 series of battles in a war to take back our USA, our freedom, our future. 		The course is an easy prediction.
@CountryJazz4 Well, I predicted in 2015 that Donald Trump would become President. Have made many predictions which have turned out to be very accurate. That said I do not take the credit or the glory for it.  We all have gifts to bring to the King of Kings.
@BlissTabitha @Navy1983mjb When you get deeply hurt. The fastest way to recovery is not to blame him. He is just an animal after all. Blame yourself and tell God it was your fault. The more you get to know Jesus the closer you will be to identifying a man who will fulfill your dreams.
@BlissTabitha @Navy1983mjb Better to look for the spirit and character of a man. 		Charming almost always is walking into disappointment and hurt.  The problem with charming is that it is vain, always feeding for more.		Boring can be fun and fun can be cheap and long lasting.
@BlissTabitha @Navy1983mjb All of what you are experiencing is a hurtful experience. Lean on Jesus. Find him in his words. 		Women instinctively, genetically look for Prince Charming the charmer and that’s exactly what they get.		Better to look for the spirit and character of a man.
@CountryJazz4 Get Redy to help bring in the Red Wave to retake the House and add Senate seats in Special Elections that will follow on declassifications indictments arrest and arraignments, prosecutions, resignations impeachments. This is how Jesus wants you to pitch in
@CountryJazz4 None of this will happen. How do We The People stop it? Support POTUS Trump completely. Don’t second guess what you don’t know enough about it think you know about. Find a Christian, Jew or other conservative political action Pro MAGA group and show up.
@CountryJazz4 The globalist sell sex, violence to enslave US. The pre text to sell US on the one world global currency is already being pitched. As in all as campaigns it starts with the need you have, a failing global economy. The fix, a Financially secure system.
@CountryJazz4 Yes. An implanted chip is a very bad idea which like every other bad idea is sold with a lie that it will make your life better. Satan is Madison Avenue. Just ask Donald Jay Deutsch an American advertising executive and television personality.
The global banking system is called a system of credits but it is a system of debt. The dragon uses the debt of sin to enslave, punish and destroy the debter’s soul to death 		But Jesus paid the debt for those who will accept his payment. He paid for US &amp; you
And forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from the evil one 		And Jesus said: For if you forgive men their trespasses, your Heavenly Father will also forgive you.
Pray hard, sleep well. When you pray pray as Jesus taught.		Matthew 6:9		Therefore pray you like this: 'Our Father in the heavens, hallowed be Your name! Your kingdom come. Your will be done as in heaven, so also upon earth. Our daily bread, grant us today.
Pray for POTUS. Ask God how u can make a difference. Jesus wants US to win. Globalism is falling. We The People must follow through		The Red Wave is still coming. A land slide series of special elections about to kick in. Adam Schiff’s district will be first
His tariffs have flushed out the global system as the very reason for the slowing of the global economy which has been on going for over a decade with only occasional economic bursts of coming up for air and to re supply inventories.
None of this can take place without “Your” permission.  And none of this can take place unless they are able to bring the US Economy to its knees.		POTUS has the economy Growing Smoothly.  His plan is flawless which is why you are seeing every positive result
Using an implanted chip will make the global DEY credit card portable. You’ll never loose it and it will always be “At Hand”		The global currency which IMF central bankers displayed together in a photo op holding up the coin will be minted for symbolism only
Do you think that Jesus will let them? Then fear not but pray. Learn prayer warfare from Mark Taylor and Sheila Zelenski. Join a national prayer group who pray together for our beloved POTUS and join in the spiritual war against evil.
Obama is an African the descendent of Kenyan slave traders. He, Maxine Waters and others are poised and positioned by the globalist Edomites alien fallen angels to take the USA into slavery and thus the human race to extinction.
Maxine Waters who the globalist have positioned to chair the Banking committee is their ideal solution. Coming from one of the most gang &amp; illegal infested districts in the USA she and her gang rapper thugs are to control the Banking system.
They are willing to use nukes “Again” if that is what it takes. 		By sealing the election they now have Maxine Waters positioned to chair and thus Force the US Fed into the DEY global credit system in order to avert global disaster.
The Luciferian bankers believe that all the money in the world belongs to them. They are entitled to manage the global economy “For the greater good”accordingly. They seek your cooperation by convincing first but by force for the greater good.
The global credit card is to be made available to every person on earth. To be based on the proposed terra or the DEY (acronym for Dollar Euro Yen),produced and supported by a central bank which is used for all transactions around the world.
Euro globalist are leading with their plan to implement a global block chain currency managed out of Brussels. Roll out would occur leading up to another global financial collapse. A global credit card would be issued		https://t.co/5EIRPVb7yT via @YouTube
@CattHarmony @mlhcromwell16 That’s exactly why Americans have guns. It is to stop Tyranny. Tyranny is always lurking in the halls of every capitol building, in the shadows of public offices. It looks and smells like money.
@mitchellvii That the Dems can turn perhaps the most conservative county from red to blue screens “National Voter ID”.  Easy to do. Would be like your airport clear pass or Global Entry.  Cost savings to each US tax payers recouped 1,000,000 fold.
@LuberMal @JVER1 @Dragonshimmy Very few vote for them. It is all fraud votes.
@Cheyenne621955 @UniteVoteRed Another judicial activist making up rules ex post facto no less. 		The US Constitution’s separation of powers makes this ruling UN Constitutional. 		So many screwed up minds emerge from law schools. It makes appointing judges a real challenge.
@JMichaelWaller @PoliticalShort Now what was it that Nazi Joseph Goebbels was all about? 		“Goebbels adapted recent developments in commercial advertising to the political sphere”
@thecommonseshow People who exhibit racial hate don’t stop there at one race. They find another race to hate, another group, another thing.  Hitler, Nazis?		Bad people hate people. Good people hate evil but not the evil people themselves. They are God’s hands reached out.
@choplawyer @freedom_moates She is a controlled woman. A deep state asset. Her deep state lawyer specializes in framing politicians. She has done that kind of work for them too. Her appearance gave Senators a chill leaving them speechless. They didn’t dare question her.  Did they?
@freedom_moates Exactly how does she define a career? She said she is a mom and it was only a part time job doing only 10 movies a year?  Now it is a career?  		The average person in the 21st century will have 9 careers but only one life....   To answer for.
@mooreofmymind2 @BlissTabitha @carwizrd "The popularity of French President Emmanuel Macron has dropped to just 25 percent"		Ahh, does he know this? He is not aware.  Some one will tell him what to do. Then his wife will coach him on delivery.  He is not the decision maker. Just an actor
@amadeus65rocks @BlissTabitha It’s the globalist that the people need to recognize as the true puppet masters, the wizard of Oz, the man behind the curtain. These are the ones who need to be addressed. Called out. Pulled out. Chained to the witness stand. Marched to the gallows.
@amadeus65rocks @BlissTabitha This is a trend that is catching on. It is coming to Trudeau. He has it coming but Trudeau like Macron is another boy actor puppet. Globalist are placing these types throughout the West to topple. Cortez is one. A slightly older Kamala Harris another.
@BlissTabitha So you see, the Globalist run the same play over and over again. Boy Macron is a gigolo puppet. He memorized the lines and the narrative just like a child actor		Does anyone believe he cares about the people in the streets?		But it’s the puppet masters u seek
@BlissTabitha “The protesters say they are being squeezed by years of fuel tax increases that have driven prices to levels not seen since the early 2000s.”		This is how the globalist triggered the 2008 economic meltdown down. Gas was costing more then the mortgage payment.
@Navy1983mjb @BlissTabitha Yeah, that happens because we are selfish people. Finding Jesus is the cure as we both know. Cheers😀
@BlissTabitha Best bet, find some one who loves God, family, country and is devoted to his work. 		Simple. Church, Republican loves his Mom and Dad. 		Now you’re set. Go find him. He’s looking for you too.
@thecommonseshow Pesky whites just don’t like communism, crime, dirty streets, schools filled with inmates instead of students and generally love God, country law and order. 		Guess she doesn’t like blacks either. Jews?		She can start with Adam Schiff. No complaints there.
Perhaps this demonstrates what the globalists have in mind for the US banking system? Of course it does.
@lilibellmia Hollywood Deep State are the globalist propagandist who are tasked with “Creating the narrative”.  This is why California is so screwed up.
@lilibellmia The globalist have slated Cortez to be the youngest Speaker of the House in history. If she doesn’t flub her lines they are planing to race this 3 year old because the Hollywood Deep State thinks they can run her to the White House.		Hollywood is a joke.
@yogagenie Scrap prayer in school, scrap ban on hats and what’d ya get?  Blood on the side walks and a country in debt.
@KayaJones Wait till you see the RINO’s embracing these new global communist freshmen. They will defend and elevate them because they are all on the globalist team.
@KayaJones She wouldn’t even win Ms. Miss Congeniality.		Jeopardy, forget about it.		Another deep state puppet elected bybfraud voting who is willing to do anything and say anything. She would throw We The People under the bus so she can ride the gravy train.
@polishprincessh What a mouth on that guy, speaking bold things of which he has no right to usurp from We The People and all who bled and died for the USA and for a better and free life. 		His speech proves he has no respect for people.
@polishprincessh Guys like this set California on fire. They are “All in this together”.
@polishprincessh We The People grown ups will not let a bunch of radicle loosers who are willing to throw everyone under the buss so they can move up, take outlet guns away, our free speech away or our US Constitution away. We will put them away for sedition and treason.
Maxine Waters who’s district is one of the highest gang crime in the nation will chair the House banking committee. In other words the gangs, bank robbers and thugs of her district have become the keepers of US banks		https://t.co/ZXPPNL5gQX via @YouTube
@Luke17_37 The good news is that no one has to go through God’s judgement ever. Not now not ever. Anyone who reaches out to God will be accepted. A whole new outlook results. It’s not fear or terror. It’s a new life just like being born again.
@Luke17_37 Here you see where God is judging the earth after the salt of the earth, the good people, the nice people have been taken up in the rapture leaving those who rejected their sin and God are left to their own devices unchecked bringing judgement on themselves
@Luke17_37 You won’t find the church in Revelation anywhere after chapter 4. 		God gives you peace not fear  torment over the prospect of being on earth when “And I heard a voice from the altar, saying, "Yes, O Lord God, the Almighty, your judgments are true and just."
@Luke17_37 Jesus would not have you tormented over the prospect of going through the great tribulation which is described as the most terrible time ever on earth		 “And the fourth poured out his bowl upon the sun, and there was given to it to scorch men with fire.”
@Luke17_37 All 7 church spirits can be found throughout the church age but each of the 7 reveals an historic progression of the church over 2000 years since the time of Jesus.  We are in Laodicea the  last of the 7 types of church spirits at the end of the church age
@Luke17_37 Take a look at the 7 dispensations of the Church Age. Have a look at the teachings in Messianic Judaism.  Smyrna also known as the suffering church. That marked a period  in the early church age. There are churches suffering today in China, Africa even Europe
@Luke17_37 That verse was written specifically to the church of Smyrna also known as the suffering church		““And to the angel of the church in Smyrna write, ‘These things says the First and the Last, who was dead, and came to life:”	Revelation 2:8 NKJV
@Luke17_37 The body will not be broken as Jesus was broken for us	1 Corinthians 11:24 Berean Literal Bible		“and having given thanks, He broke it and said, "This is My body, which is for you; do this in remembrance of Me."		Body of Christ can not be broken by the trib
@Luke17_37 The rapture is a certain Bible exposition. The timing then being the question.  The church is one body.  When the church is removed and taken up it will be taken up in whole, all believers from Adam to now.  We all go through or we all leave before.
@Luke17_37 For those who reject the idea that they are flawed, that they have rejected the good and the wholesome ways of God, who instead “Eat, devour the flesh of others” otherwise known as throwing people under the bus to get ahead, they will be denied heaven.
@Luke17_37 There are ways that God sizes us up for who we are. Does the one who has not accepted Jesus yet understand their condition. If so will you reach out to God		For those who do it becomes all about how you chose to live which will determine your place in heaven
Inheritance &amp; Rewards in Heaven - Chuck Missler https://t.co/LMowWgFVZb via @YouTube
@Luke17_37 Salvation is Immediate. It is decreed the moment you realize that you are a sinner, flawed and do not deserve life. None of us do if we are honest with our selves.		That is the only test. Jesus will only Judge our fruit from that point on.
@Luke17_37 Why would it be just for some to endure the “Great and terrible day of the Lord” when most did not? But God is a just God. Full of mercy and grace. Jesus had great compassion and he still does.		Talk to God about it. Maybe have another look at it?
@Luke17_37 Would it be fair for those at the end of the age to have to prove their faithfulness to God but going through the tribulation when no one else preceding that generation had to suffer those horrible events of immense suffering and loss?
@Luke17_37 We do not need to prove our faith to God in a test by going through the tribulation. Jesus went through the Great Tribulation for us when he was wrongfully convicted, tortured and crucified on the cross. He did this so you wouldn’t have to.
@Luke17_37 You see there is no test of loyalty that God requires of us. So we don’t need to prove anything to God. He knows we can not. That’s why he sent his son Jesus to save us. He has done it all. Jesus proved all we need for our salvation on the cross.
@Luke17_37 Now this is not a theological reason but one might ask “Would the thought of a post rapture give comfort or terrible fear?” 		2 Corinthians 1:3		Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of compassion and the God of all comfort,
@Luke17_37 Hope isn’t fake. Hope is hopeful. This is what God always has given us. He gives us hope, not fear, mercy, grace and forgiveness not judgement. God is hope. This is the gospel message, that we have hope through Jesus Christ all the way from here to eternity
@Luke17_37 Yes I see where you are coming from, however, having looked into this question extensively I have reached the conclusion that pre-trib is correct. I looked at it with an open mind and feel it is conclusive.  These days a lot of people are thinking about it
@Luke17_37 1 Thessalonians 4:17 		Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.		So it’s it’s not if, it’s when?
@Luke17_37 1 Thessalonians 4:16		For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first:
@Luke17_37 Acts 1:11		Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven.
@Luke17_37 Acts 1:9-10		And when he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud received him out of their sight.		They were looking intently up into the sky as he was going, when suddenly two men dressed in white stood beside them.
@Luke17_37 Matthew 24:30-31		31 And he will send his angels with a loud trumpet call, and they will gather his elect from the four winds, from one end of the heavens to the other.
@Luke17_37 Another thing to consider is that Bible believers do not question whether there is a rapture but rather debate it in terms of its timing and whether it precedes the tribulation, occurs mid trib or post trib bit the rapture itself is clearly scriptural
@Luke17_37 Perry Stone, Bill Salus. Salvation does not hang on this understanding but a thorough examination using those who can walk you through it can really help to explain how it can be seen. The trinity is not easily seen either. We walk by faith not by sight.
@Luke17_37 Fear not. God will not fore sake you to his wrath. God is love.
@Luke17_37 Yes, hello again. Well this is something that requires study and faith. My recommendation would be to look up Chuck Missler rapture, Also Jonathan Cahn rapture, Zola Levite Rapture, Gary Stearman for good explanations. Jewish believers have a wealth of info
The Rapture. . Chuck Missler https://t.co/D0uu0vh8eC via @YouTube
Do You Know What Started The California Fire Disaster 		Have a look at airborne laser and particles energy weapons in DOD video footage. 		https://t.co/jJ46vwpDl2 via @YouTube
Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. 7 And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.
How much will the global economy slow down? 	Answer: It is already in recession. 		How far will it drop? 	Answer: As far as it takes for nations that were ripping the USA off to come to terms with what they must do to play fair.		China nearing break point.
RT @V_of_Europe: While Christians in the UK are arrested for street preaching, this is allowed in London https://t.co/Zf5YwxUSN3
Selling fear is not God’s way. 		 Timothy 1:7		For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.
Living in fear is fearing to live. Not healthy. Place your faith and trust in God. Thank him for exposing the shadow government and deep state that was controlling US into global communism. Thank God for giving US Trump &amp; a second chance.
Get out of crypto currency‘s. The EU is about to spoil crypto’s . If you have gold go ahead and hold it. It’s just psychological comfort. Long-term be aware that the successful POTUS Trump economy will result in gold values dropping by as much as 30 to 40%.
The Fed can only fight so much on tightening via interest rates and credit restrictions without risking a melt down in the stock markets and commodities markets.  Even deep state Wall St sycophants have a fear factor threshold that they do not dare approach.
Your safest investment is the US Dollar bar none. Better then Gold, Silver or anything else were the economy to take a tumble. 		The economy is growing rapidly in spite of the Fed fighting POTUS and We The People.
Invest in President Trump and his vision and leadership to Make America Great Again which he has already done and to Make America Wealthy Again. Then you won’t be afraid and looking for an island or sitting on a sack of gold with no one to sell to. Get real.