RT @1776Stonewall: @RealJamesWoods I don't even want to say some of the other videos of seen, but these are truly sick people, let's just k…
@RealJamesWoods I don't even want to say some of the other videos of seen, but these are truly sick people, let's just keep it at that
RT @Daryarva: @1776Stonewall @RealJamesWoods They have this handy brochure to make sure you get the right size rocks, it’s all halal.	Hey t…
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews You mean like an actual audio tape, attempting to collude with Russia? and then follow up emails. . Becau…
@BreitbartNews You mean like an actual audio tape, attempting to collude with Russia? and then follow up emails. . Because that would be undeniable
https://t.co/cN7XOkK7XE Thin-Skinned Twitter Diva AOC Freaks Out Over Mockery Of Green New Deal
Today's History Quiz: After the Revolution, George Washington could've been king, but instead retired to his plantation. He also gave up power a second time after serving 2 terms. Because of this he is often compared to an ancient Roman General who did the same. Who was it?
@thejaymyer Yes, and if they teach history at all in these progressive schools, it's a revisionist version of it, and not a factual depiction. As Ronald Reagan once said "The problem with our liberal friends is not that they're ignorant, it's just that they know so much that isn't so"
RT @1776Stonewall: OK, 44% got yesterday's History Quiz correct. The correct answer is "Shays Rebellion". . I'll give a little history on t…
@Spirit0fRock I'll have another starting shortly
RT @1776Stonewall: The correct answer is "Shays Rebellion". . . Here's a link to my lesson on the subject  https://t.co/zYQN2CPCI3
The correct answer is "Shays Rebellion". . . Here's a link to my lesson on the subject  https://t.co/zYQN2CPCI3
If you would like to learn more about Shays Rebellion, and I highly suggest you do, as it's one of those events all but lost to history and is absolutely fascinating. Here's a terrific little documentary on it. Enjoy! https://t.co/ZN81WZUBlH
Thomas Jefferson was against a Federal Government having as much power as the state governments. Jefferson was a Nationalist  is the very pure sense of the word. He believed in State Government, State rights, and somewhat agreed with Shay.
Shays Rebellion highlighted weaknesses in the "Articles of Confederation", and leads to the Philadelphia Convention of 1787, whose delegates draft the Constitution, which replaces the Articles of Confederation, and eventually leads to a Federal Government and a President.
You have to remember that after the war we were NOT the "United States". We were a confederacy with basically no federal government. We were 13 separate colonies who worked together. The Fed had no power to raise militia. A private army, raised by merchants, stopped the rebellion
Daniel Shays was a Revolutionary War veteran, disgruntled that he's in terrible debt, wasn't paid for the war and he leads an insurrection to take arms against the Massachusetts state government and marched on the Armory at Springfield
OK, 44% got yesterday's History Quiz correct. The correct answer is "Shays Rebellion". . I'll give a little history on that below https://t.co/U8UWG7hyqC
@marklevinshow He says his father didn't give him millions. . . No, the Clinton's did instead
RT @1776Stonewall: @RealJamesWoods And I've seen videos where they bury a woman up to her face, and then pelt her head with stones until sh…
@RealJamesWoods And I've seen videos where they bury a woman up to her face, and then pelt her head with stones until she's nearly dead, and at the end they take a big bolder and smash it over her skull to finish her off
@VolFan397 https://t.co/UuxHJKHhsB this is what he posted
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/I66EFhlm1x Laura Ingraham joked about Jim Acosta at CPAC, and he was so bothered by it that and tweeted a p…
Rashida Tlaib Gets BUSTED Violating Campaign Finance Laws Just Days After her buddy AOC does. https://t.co/7LE0bC3jVs
RT @1776Stonewall: @kimguilfoyle @VOTEMAGA2020 No other modern President would be capable of that
@kimguilfoyle @VOTEMAGA2020 No other modern President would be capable of that
RT @kimguilfoyle: Trump’s 2-hour CPAC speech was marathon of unrehearsed humor and a few salty words. He knocked it way out of the park. Co…
https://t.co/I66EFhlm1x Laura Ingraham joked about Jim Acosta at CPAC, and he was so bothered by it that and tweeted a pathetic response to her, and then she destroyed him. . Here's the CPAC video and the back and forth tweets
https://t.co/2mc57etV39 Trump gave such a patriotic speech today at CPAC, so naturally CNN compared him to. . . . . Hitler!
https://t.co/Cgl5h1hMTP
@threadreaderapp @TurntableKittah thank you!
RT @RealMattCouch: VERY NICE! New Mexico Border Family Tells Trump 'Build The Wall on Our Land' https://t.co/HJHJF31RDv via @RealMattCouch
Watch this video https://t.co/heod1rbIy8
@James79349611 Walsh is truly one of the dumbest people I've ever seen
https://t.co/UATfYuzOEF Fantastic patriotic moment when Trump walked on stage at CPAC. Watch!
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's History Quiz: In a letter to William Stephens Smith, Thomas Jefferson famously writes that "The tree of liberty…
RT @1776Stonewall: I'm actually shocked, but he admitted he was wrong. He reacted before he watched the video or knew the entire story. . S…
I'm actually shocked, but he admitted he was wrong. He reacted before he watched the video or knew the entire story. . So that's good. He made a mistake , but admitted to that mistake. so all good https://t.co/PyJRZiQsTy
@FrankSt52610905 It's on video. Helo caught the entire thing
@theclew24 @FrankSt52610905 And actually more white people are killed by cops than blacks. Of course there are much more whites, but still, most people don't know that. Also, black cops are far more likely to shoot than white cops. These are proven statistical facts
@redwoodricker @FrankSt52610905 unfortunately he was dead serious. He actually thought he was making a strong point. And he's also lying. He wasn't "standing" there. The cops chased him, after they got a call that he was smashing car windows, and he ran to his grandmas yard, and then attacked the cops
@BaisleyDB @FrankSt52610905 and he wasn't "standing" there. The cops got a call that he was smashing car windows. When they arrived he took off and ran to his grandmas house, and then charged them with an object in his hand, and so their rightfully shot him. Even a CA DA agreed with the cops
@FrankSt52610905 The cops got a call that he was smashing car windows. When the cops arrived he ran, so they began to chase him and he ran to his grandmothers backyard. He wasn't "standing" there. Then he charged them with an object in his hand. They don't know what it is or whose yard he's in
@Whateverdude77 @FrankSt52610905 The stupidity of his tweet says everything about a leftist. There's just no logic to their thinking. He ran from cops and ran to his grandmas yard and then attacked cops. And he actually thought he was making a strong point. That's the scary thing. These people are beyond stupid
RT @1776Stonewall: @FrankSt52610905 How dumb are you? The cops were chasing him and he ran to his grandmas yard. You actually thought you w…
@FrankSt52610905 How dumb are you? The cops were chasing him and he ran to his grandmas yard. You actually thought you were making a strong point? I mean the stupidity of your tweet is stunning. He ran from cops and then attacked them. So once you step foot at grandmas, the cops have to give up?
And he wasn't standing is his grandmas backyard. They chased him and he ran to his grandmas backyard. So the cops have to give up the chase once he steps foot in his grandmas yard? I mean can you believe this stupidity?
Can you believe the lack of reasoning and common sense these people have? He was in his grandmas backyard? Who cares? So you're allowed to break the law and attack cops, as long as you're in your grandma's backyard? And this halfwit actually thought he was making a good point
RT @1776Stonewall: Look how stupid leftists are. I mention how Stephon Clark was hopped up on cocaine at the time of shooting, has history…
Look how stupid leftists are. I mention how Stephon Clark was hopped up on cocaine at the time of shooting, has history of domestic violence, pimping and robbery, but he thinks the important part is it happened in his grandmas yard? He attacked cops. Who cares where it happened? https://t.co/pLB0g2rIEw
RT @1776Stonewall: @rodneyroe @FrankSt52610905 Yeah I don't even know what that means. So you're allowed to break the law in grandma's back…
@rodneyroe @FrankSt52610905 Yeah I don't even know what that means. So you're allowed to break the law in grandma's backyard? lol. See how stupid these people are? And he conveniently left out the fact that he charged the cops. you can't fix stupid, unfortunately.
The left holds you down, tell you it's ok to pimp girls, sell drugs, beat women, to be a life long thug. That's what they want for you. They'll defend you every time. . but if you're someone like Ben Carson, who came from nothing and became a brain surgeon, they'll attack you
Sure enough the left takes the side of the lifetime felon, not because they think he's in the right, but simply because they want to keep blacks on their plantation, keep them in "victim" status. Once you accept that you are a "victim" you've given up. The left did that to you
I mean get your priorities straight. The cops aren't the problem. Gangs are the problem, felons like Clark are the problem. Maybe you should feel bad about the girls he was pimping on the streets, or the women he was abusing
What amazes me is that in inner cities there are killing on a daily basis and no one gives a fuck about it. No protesters holding signs saying "Stop the killings", no marches, nothing. But when a cop lawfully is forced to shoot a violent felon, then all the sudden there's outrage
Sacramento DA correctly decides to not charge cops in shooting of Stephen Clarke, who was hopped up on cocaine and other drugs at the time, had a long history of offenses and was on probation for robbery at the time. He was also a convicted pimp and convicted of domestic abuse
https://t.co/e5zi0dTIIw The left always says that Trump isn't presidential. . . Funny, because that's exactly why I voted for him. Watch this!
RT @terry_schnyder: @1776Stonewall @dbongino Until Donald Trump got elected for president I really  Didn't realize how badd the politics of…
RT @ImmortalStrake: @1776Stonewall @dbongino my older sister is one of the most intelligent people I've ever known. she taught herself Fren…
@ImmortalStrake @dbongino That's a perfect example. And I live in NY and have family members that I used to consider to be highly intelligent, very successful, and are now so brainwashed and have their heads filled with such bullshit. I no longer consider them intelligent. How can I?
@Texas56 @dbongino I have a friend whose granddaughter is in A&amp;M, and from what I hear that is one of the better schools. A lot of conservatives there
@PatrickJam1 The funny thing is that even though his father was a brewer, Sam Adams actually wasn't particularly good at it. He did have a brewery but it went bankrupt. Though he was at a time a brewer and maltster
@LowTeeBomb It will be tomorrow. Let me know who you end up voting for, I'm curious. give it some thought over night
@dbongino And this is why when you're debating a leftist, they simply send you links to liberal websites. They are incapable of thinking for themselves. It doesn't matter what the truth is, or what reality is. All that matters is what they're told from sources that they somehow trust
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino And the more "schooling" they have, the more brainwashed, the more indoctrinated they are. After they graduate…
@dbongino Stories from parents of children in college are devastating. They tried so hard to raise their kids right, then spent their life savings to send them away to what they thought were good schools, only to have the universities destroy all their hard work, mentally fuck their child
@dbongino And the more "schooling" they have, the more brainwashed, the more indoctrinated they are. After they graduate they are no longer capable of thinking for themselves, they simply recite the "answer" from a page of the progressive textbook that has been ingrained in their head
@dbongino Everything leftists believe in are lies. And the lies are so deep, so embedded, they're lies within lies, within lies, within lies. I don't think most people truly understand just how fucked the leftist mind actually is. These are walking talking zombies.
So in 24 hours, after these polls are over, we'll take the 4 winners and pin them against each other to find out who is the most popular founding Father of all. so far the results are as I imagined they would be
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino And that old lame excuse from the left has been thrown out the window now, as they are openly is support of ki…
@dbongino And that old lame excuse from the left has been thrown out the window now, as they are openly is support of killing babies that are already born. So that whole "bunch of cells" and "no pain" argument is deader than, well,  a liberals baby
@Noapolo62428868 https://t.co/yL2SpxqCQq
@PhilosopherSto6 That's great. Let me know who you ended up voting for, after your studies
@Noapolo62428868 So go vote for him
@oldben15 Very Cool. The Lee family Tree is one of the greatest in American History. It includes founding fathers, signers of the Declaration of Independence, Revolutionary War Generals. . And obviously the leader of the Confederate Army. And, through marriage, the Washington/Custis family
@LoveGodUSA Go vote for him. . He's clearly one of the favorites to win
Now, obviously, there are dozens of "founding Fathers", so I can't fit them all, but I've taken 16 very popular ones, and I feel that whoever wins this would win regardless of whoever else I chose instead. Have fun. I look forward to reading the comments
-Bracket 4-   Out of these 4 Founding Fathers, who is your favorite?
-Bracket 3-  Out of these 4 Founding Fathers, who is your favorite?
-Bracket 2-  Out of these 4 Founding Fathers, who is your favorite?
Bracket 1-  Out of these 4 Founding Fathers, who is your favorite?
I've been doing my history quizzes/lessons and I hope you all enjoy them. Now let's have a little fun. I'm going to list 16 Founding Fathers in 4 polls, (so 4 per poll) to find out who your favorite Founding Father is. The 4 winners will face off in the finals. We'll start below
RT @1776Stonewall: @gofundme As many of you know I lost one of my dear cats last week, but at the same time I had another in surgery with a…
@TMom2017 That's fantastic! Thank you
@kmc1230 @Texas_nacl @The_Republican9 Exactly right! Same as he's doing with Kim with the "Otto" situation. Trump knows damn well Kim was involved, but it doesn't help negotiations to call Kim a murderer and a liar right now, does it?
RT @1776Stonewall: How can anyone in their right minds not see that this is a witch hunt? So Mueller has nothing, and now you're hoping the…
How can anyone in their right minds not see that this is a witch hunt? So Mueller has nothing, and now you're hoping the SDNY finds something, anything, not even having to do with Russia? I mean I get it, you hate the guy, fine, but just be honest - it's a witch hunt
@Millie_12591 @jellen805 @BeaumontMelissa you're right, but she was being sarcastic
@hokie6 lol. She has confused the 2 before, that's true
RT @1776Stonewall: Just to show you how right I was in sniffing out this lefty, have a look at this. . Like I said, I can smell them a mile…
Just to show you how right I was in sniffing out this lefty, have a look at this. . Like I said, I can smell them a mile away https://t.co/zGp8RFCRvl
RT @Genghistwelve: @The_Republican9 @1776Stonewall @Texas_nacl Violent crime for 2018 will be the lowest in 3 decades. One of Trump’s perso…
https://t.co/4HBXebr8B7 Nancy Pelosi begs Trump not to run for reelection. . . but wait? I thought you were going to remove him from office? lol. . They have NOTHING! And they know it
@americansparky It was so obvious. and a few others gave him a shot to explain himself, and they all came to them same conclusion after one reply. . He's gotten 2 "likes" on his tweets, both from leftists. lol
RT @1776Stonewall: And the leftist sheep who have been blindly led on this Russia hoax for over 2 years, will just easily move on to the ne…
And the leftist sheep who have been blindly led on this Russia hoax for over 2 years, will just easily move on to the next hoax. Never do they get mad at their media or party for lying to them, using them as tools, they have become filled with hatred, and they don't even know why
The left has now given up on Robert Mueller and is now hoping that the SDNY can find something, anything. They are not investigating a crime, they are investigating an individual, hoping to find a crime
https://t.co/bV2BCcsLwW  OOPS! Ocasio-Cortez Cites DEBUNKED Michael Cohen Testimony In Don Jr. “Gotcha” Fail
@GreerIluv Right, the media corrected him on that, and then deleted it because they realized it strengthened his point even further
RT @1776Stonewall: @Louisebucher3 @DemSocialists @SpeakerPelosi @AOC They are sheep. Their brains have been ripped out of their heads and r…
@Louisebucher3 @DemSocialists @SpeakerPelosi @AOC They are sheep. Their brains have been ripped out of their heads and replaced with computer chips that the media can upload propaganda at any time. They are incapable of thinking for themselves. They have been indoctrinated since birth and are now raising children, which is scary
RT @edrose4769: @The_Republican9 @1776Stonewall And you're done. Gave you a chance and you fucked up. Thanks for playing, you can have any…
@edrose4769 @The_Republican9 See, they can't hide it. Even when they try, their hatred for the President always shines through. That's why it's so easy to spot
RT @1776Stonewall: @Texas_nacl @The_Republican9 That's what the idiots don't get. George Washington, for instance, was an expert at disinfo…
@OldWestOutlaw @The_Republican9 He's a victim of media propaganda
@Texas_nacl @The_Republican9 That's what the idiots don't get. George Washington, for instance, was an expert at disinformation. During the revolution he knew he had spies in his ranks, so he'd say he had 8,000 men stationed somewhere, when in fact it was half that, knowing that info would get to the British
@YoureNotAsking And when you look at their list of "Trump's lies", they're all like that. They counted like 2,000 of his lies by saying "I'm the most popular president", and "We have the greatest economy". . but when Obama said that "Hillary is the most qualified person ever", that's not counted
RT @1776Stonewall: Nice attempt. I can smell a lefty a mile away. . See, you leftists are so easy to fool, so you think you can bring your…
Nice attempt. I can smell a lefty a mile away. . See, you leftists are so easy to fool, so you think you can bring your weak childish games to the right and fool us the same way. I can see right through you, my friend. We all can https://t.co/uMigsgmGlx
Oh but Trump did lie about having food piled "A mile high" for the football players, remember? The Washington Post actually counted that as one of Trump's lies. They literally measured the amount of food, and it didn't come out to a mile. All Trump's supposed "lies" are like that
RT @1776Stonewall: Your entire life is a lie, Andy. you've been indoctrinated in progressive schooling, fell victim to Hollywood and media…
Your entire life is a lie, Andy. you've been indoctrinated in progressive schooling, fell victim to Hollywood and media propaganda, and you live a scared pathetic life. "The world is ending in 12 years"! Everything you believe in is a lie, and everything you hate is a lie
RT @1776Stonewall: What an idiot you are. lies? you mean like "Russian Collusion"? You mean like "Climate Change"? You mean like "Hand's up…
What an idiot you are. lies? you mean like "Russian Collusion"? You mean like "Climate Change"? You mean like "Hand's up don't shoot"? You mean like "Jussie Smollett"? you mean like Cohen in Prague? You mean like the Trump tower meeting? . You're right, it's hard to keep up https://t.co/h1VLymYriJ
@mkris57 that's from 5 months ago
I'd love to see FOX give her a show. She's a ratings machine, always has been. My mother absolutely loves her, watches her every day
And in case you didn't know, and I'm not sure how she feels now, but she was all in for Trump in 2016. Said she absolutely loves him and that they're good friends. And she defended Kavanaugh during that whole debacle as well
She has created a skin care empire, which is worth hundreds of millions of dollars. So CBS is standing by L'oreal and turning their back on Judge Judy, who has been a ratings blockbuster for nearly 25 years
I think it's disgusting what CBS is doing to Judge Judy. In case you don't know, she's being sued and is forced to step down because one of CBS's sponsors are L'oreal, and it turns out Judy has a skin care business which is half the price and twice as effective as L'oreal. . .
I'm sorry, but if you don't realize how blessed we are to have this president, at this particular time in history, you need to take your blinders off. #CPAC19
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino And she's actually doing what she claims she doesn't do, right now
@dbongino And she's actually doing what she claims she doesn't do, right now
So many people have talked at CPAC over the last few days, but NONE of them are like Trump. This man is just such a natural on stage, unlike we've ever seen in politics before. and the left doesn't have anyone like him. . . . and they know it
@HelenSpade4 Thank you Helen. I love reading the comments seeing people talking about history
@gofundme As many of you know I lost one of my dear cats last week, but at the same time I had another in surgery with a lump getting a biopsy. Just found out my kitten does NOT have cancer. She just came home with stitches. But Cherokee (Cherri) is fine. Thank you, everyone https://t.co/AlUi0OaVsK
The President is talking at CPAC
RT @1776Stonewall: Tomorrow when I give the answer I'll have a nice little lesson for you, so I hope you come back for that. Good luck
Remember, everyone, that just because a "check mark" comes up after you vote does NOT mean you answered correctly. That check is simply to confirm what you picked. This poll does not supply the answers. I provide the answers when the poll ends, or you can google it after you vote
Tomorrow when I give the answer I'll have a nice little lesson for you, so I hope you come back for that. Good luck
Today's History Quiz: In a letter to William Stephens Smith, Thomas Jefferson famously writes that "The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants." . . . To what was he referring?
RT @1776Stonewall: Nice job. 60% got this right. Correct answer is indeed George Washington. Yes, he was off fighting a little war at the t…
Nice job. 60% got this right. Correct answer is indeed George Washington. Yes, he was off fighting a little war at the time
RT @1776Stonewall: Michelle Obama Drops 2020 Announcement. https://t.co/j0J6nQ1adA
@RudyKirkfly430 I'm sorry to hear that, Rudy. But it sounds like she instilled in you a great respect for the history of this great country.
@Lois95695 Fantastic show. It's dramatized, of course, but it did follow the basic true plot. They threw in a lot of true history. was my favorite show when it was on. . And I'm from Long Island and used to work in Setauket and lived in the town of Oyster Bay. Been to many of the locations
We'll stick with American History for now, because that's what I really want people to learn, but eventually I'll throw in some ancient history as well, particularly Rome and Egypt
@SGTHarleyDaveK @ja985601_cobb He played the role of a backwoodsman so well in France. It's how Europe saw Americans, so he dressed in fur with a beaver pelt. He also knew France was on the verge of civil war and he played both sides. The King agreed to help Franklin, partially because his popularity in France
@RudyKirkfly430 Yeah that confuses a lot of people
@RudyKirkfly430 I'd love for her to take the quizzes. She'd love them, for sure
@angelreynav Terrible lo que esta sucediendo.  Mantengase seguro!
@LoeWEarl That's great to hear
@ja985601_cobb George Washington will always be #1 in my book, as well. There literally wasn't another person who could've done it at the time. After the Revolution we went back to being 13 separate colonies. ONLY GW commanded that level of respect from all 13. Franklin did, but was too old.
@Cowboydawg96 I have a little quiz I'll be giving that involves Jefferson, maybe tomorrow. A remarkable man, for sure
@angelreynav De donde eres?
https://t.co/CAK7NRJXXh Bill De Blasio’s Wife Just Lost $850 Million Taxpayer Dollars In Mental Health scam
@_AmericanRobot_ And recent excavations have found some evidence of that, fragments of European pottery dating to the era have been found in the area. now, of course, that pottery could've just as easily been taken by the Natives after they killed them, as The original "Dare Stone" suggests
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/Xtq6ryuN0l And today's lesson can be read here (7 tweets)
@phxsuns65 he's 20th century - 1901-1909
https://t.co/Xtq6ryuN0l And today's lesson can be read here (7 tweets)
Today's quiz is still active if you haven't voted yet https://t.co/2DM2MbtL5R
And if it's someone else, just write in your opinion below
RT @1776Stonewall: In your opinion, who was the best 19th century President?
In your opinion, who was the best 19th century President?
I've been doing my history lessons and quizzes and I hope you all have been enjoying them, hopefully learning and perhaps I've helped spark an interest in history in you to perhaps start reading and researching deeper. . Now let me ask you a history opinion (in the comment below)
https://t.co/a9Pk2HdBy3 Wake up, New York! (My state, by the way)
RT @Spageddiehead: This. https://t.co/Har5AqH9gc
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino Luckily in almost every video of them attacking Conservatives, they all punch like pussies
@dbongino Luckily in almost every video of them attacking Conservatives, they all punch like pussies
https://t.co/MkbueGykSW Dem Lawmaker Caught Using the "N" word To Disparage Blacks. She even admits to it  — MSM Looks other Way.
Michelle Obama Drops 2020 Announcement. https://t.co/j0J6nQ1adA
Some crazy Lefty on Morning Joe this morning said that there's ample evidence that the president committed at least five or six serious crimes. . .  So there's so much evidence that they don't even know how many crimes he committed. Lol
https://t.co/oJ0HW4Ocdy We now know why Cohen flipped on Trump, and it's as dirty as it gets. Same dirty pool Mueller did to Flynn
She's completely expressionless. The rest of them are joking around and she's sitting their with this disturbed look on her face. No smiling, laughing, nothing.
RT @1776Stonewall: She doesn't talk nearly as much as Juan though, so the show is actually tolerable today
She doesn't talk nearly as much as Juan though, so the show is actually tolerable today
https://t.co/fiGmZpeiQ6 Trump walking away from summit was brilliant move, Negotiations with North Korea will continue. Here's a breakdown of recent developments
Funny thing is even Barf is speaking out against AOC right now. She see's the problem. . . and this is a woman who doesn't see things that slap her right in the face
Good News: Juan Williams isn't on The Five today.	Bad News: Marie Barf is on. . . The idiotic lefty who said that to defeat ISIS, we should hug them and give them jobs
https://t.co/FQyu6cCNip After Blaming Trump Voters For Deadly Hurricanes, Jennifer Lawrence Unveils Plan To ‘Save America’
RT @1776Stonewall: This is the disgusting left, ladies and gentlemen https://t.co/n87lTv9tgo
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's History Quiz: What Founding Father did NOT sign the Declaration Of Independence?      (Remember "check mark" doe…
The left is now taking North Korea's word for it that Trump changed the deal, which led to a deal not being signed. . But wait? I thought we weren't supposed to trust what they say?
https://t.co/Cvo2uEp5Ey Rush EXPOSES Michael Cohen’s LIES, Declares To Listeners: ‘I Firmly Stand With Trump!’
@cdrusnret That's possible, though it seems to be written with the proper equipment and is written proper Elizabethan English. . the other 47 weren't
@PatriotClara196 nice going!
@redz_wolhar thank you. Since the schools don't teach it, or at least teach it right, I figured I might as well do my part
RT @1776Stonewall: I had a feeling this question might stump some. Correct answer is Roanoke. This is not Roanoke Virginia, but rather an i…
@BreitbartNews Well that was easy, Cher. You have any more for me to easily knock down?
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews Dictators? You people love Castro. Child Molesters? you people allow Human trafficking who rape kids. Mur…
@BreitbartNews Dictators? You people love Castro. Child Molesters? you people allow Human trafficking who rape kids. Murders? you're killing babies. Wife Beaters? That happens most in Democrat inner cities (And the NFL). Antisemites? Omar and Tlaib. White Supremacists? Hillary's "mentor"
RT @1776Stonewall: @RealJamesWoods @JDVFL This is a VERY dangerous individual, and I don't say that lightly. Right now she's dangerous to h…
@RealJamesWoods @JDVFL This is a VERY dangerous individual, and I don't say that lightly. Right now she's dangerous to her own party. Let's hope they squash her before she breaks out
RT @1776Stonewall: So eventually you have millions of people who have given up before they've even started, in their minds they have no cha…
So eventually you have millions of people who have given up before they've even started, in their minds they have no chance. . . but look, here's the Democrats, and they're offering us free shit, because after all we have no chance, and their even offering us reparations
RT @1776Stonewall: (Taking it further) once an entire generation has accepted they're victims, and raise their children as victims, and sch…
(Taking it further) once an entire generation has accepted they're victims, and raise their children as victims, and schools and Hollywood, TV and media all tell them they're victims, resentment and hatred starts to build in, and there you have an "enslaved" Democrat voter
Rush Limbaugh talking abut how the Dems convince certain groups that they are "victims", and once you can convince a group that they are victims that there is then a built in excuse to fail. Once you think of yourself as a victim you've given up, you stop trying
RT @1776Stonewall: @larryelder @bergmanauto @BarackObama @MarkMeadows Well, her "mentor" was a KKK leader after all
@larryelder @bergmanauto @BarackObama @MarkMeadows Well, her "mentor" was a KKK leader after all
https://t.co/AJonuQS1CD Where has $850m gone? Bill De Blasio's wife can't account for staggering amount of taxpayer money that the NY Mayor gave her for mental health project
https://t.co/Ot2ex0B7cl Guess who hired a twice-arrested illegal alien to work on his 2020 campaign?
@SHarp60855846 Perhaps, but nobody has brought more money to the media than Donald Trump, and look what they're trying to do to him. . However, there are some who say the media will make sure he wins in 2020 to maintain that flow of money. We shall see
Because the truth is she's killing the Democrat party. Polls, even on abortion, have swayed away from the Dems. Most recent "Marist" poll shows there are now an equal number of "Pro life" people, and Conservatism is crushing liberalism in all but 6 states (CA not one of them)
I predict, and there's already ripples of this, but I predict the establishment Dems and the media will seek to destroy her. . They've already talked about getting rid of her district so that she couldn't run for reelection
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has put "Moderate" Democrats on a "list". . I suppose as a way for the radicals to remember who to replace with more radical leftists
https://t.co/DJszARZ6SS The media didn't report it, but did you hear about the American oil worker that Trump saved, after being kidnapped in Yemen in 2017? Now home with his family
@LDresselhaus That's great to hear. Thank you
Today's History Quiz: What Founding Father did NOT sign the Declaration Of Independence?      (Remember "check mark" does not mean you got it right)
@SeanPat31411143 They've been going after me for a couple years now. Politico has been accusing me since 2018 of being a Russian Bot. They said I was the Bot who started the "release the memo" hashtag. So this new "200" list is nothing really new
@jeffrotech2003 lol. yeah that was me. . Figured I'd add some needed commentary
I'll give everyone a little time to read my little lesson on "Roanoke" and "Virginia Dare" before we get into the next Quiz. And perhaps research the other choices on the list, such as, Who were the "Rolfe" children. . https://t.co/Xtq6ryuN0l
@SeanPat31411143 Of course. The question wasn't if it was successful or not. And Roanoke was one of the choices, it was multiple choice. it predates Jamestown by 22 years. Jamestown would be the correct answer to the first "permanent" colony
The correct answers to today's quizzes are "Roanoke" and "Virginia Dare". . . I wrote a bit of a lesson here (7 tweets in all) https://t.co/Xtq6ryuN0l
When John Smith and the Jamestown Settlers came 2 decades later, they did search for the Roanoke settlers, but also could not located them.
Research the "Dare Stones". I say "stones" because technically there are 48 of them, but 47 are 100% fake. When the original was fund in 1937 there was a $500 reward for more. A man named William Eberhardt produced 47 forgeries.
The correct answer to bonus question is "Virginia Dare". No one knows exactly what happened to the lost colony of Roanoke, however in 1937 a stone is found, said to be written by Eleanor Dare. It tells that most of the colony, including Virginia and Ananias were killed by Savages
Jamestown, however is the first permanent colony, but that wasn't the question. Roanoke was established in 1585, Jamestown wasn't until 1607
Ironically the expedition, dispatched by Sir Walter Raleigh, lead by Philip Amadas, landed at Roanoke on July 4, 1584. . . Jamestown is the first permanent colony. There are a few failed colonies, one that dates to the time of Jamestown was called "Popham Colony"
It took White 3 years to return because of the Spanish Armada patrolling the seas
I had a feeling this question might stump some. Correct answer is Roanoke. This is not Roanoke Virginia, but rather an island off N. Carolina. When John White, the Gov. of the colony returned from Europe after 3 years he found The settlers had disappeared, never to be seen again https://t.co/n65c1cngmp
This is the disgusting left, ladies and gentlemen https://t.co/n87lTv9tgo
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/XTtb40Uv7E California refused 5.6 thousand requests to turn over criminal illegal aliens. . . This is the o…
RT @1776Stonewall: @mattgaetz Maybe we should waste 30 million dollars of taxpayer money to investigate this?
@mattgaetz Maybe we should waste 30 million dollars of taxpayer money to investigate this?
@GriffinSRose There's a couple I can't think of, but the Xiphos was a nice weapon. An Ancient Greek sword
I was a little sick last night, which sucked, and I went to sleep early, but the good news is that I get to watch "Forged in fire" tonight. So there's that
RT @1776Stonewall: leftists are so dumb. They say "Trump took kim's word on otto warmbier". . No he didn't you fucking idiots. He's negotia…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/eg4fieUxOs Looks like Pelosi has been forced to support reparations for slave descendants. . So they are lo…
RT @Nellie_0hr: @1776Stonewall https://t.co/jdJvPnZrEh
RT @1776Stonewall: So Cohen was willing to call Trump a racist, which is not true at all, willing to call Trump a liar and a dirty business…
So Cohen was willing to call Trump a racist, which is not true at all, willing to call Trump a liar and a dirty businessman, both not true, but he was unwilling to say that he colluded with Russia. Think about that. Even a guy who's lying to save his own life, wouldn't go there
Trump makes such a good point. Says that Cohen lied so much during his hearing, yet even lying through his teeth he STILL said there was no collusion. Because he knows there simply isn't any evidence of that and it's EASILY disproved, and has been over and over again
https://t.co/4DlKubVD0n Nancy Pelosi shoots down AOC's insane "green new deal"
https://t.co/79yMQVAhb1  Smoking Gun Video PROVES Cohen Lied Under Oath; “Certainly Hoped” He Was Offered White House Job
RT @1776Stonewall: Nikki Haley kind of said this too, which is why I'm not sure why so many people on the right like her so much. I would n…
Nikki Haley kind of said this too, which is why I'm not sure why so many people on the right like her so much. I would never vote for her
RT @1776Stonewall: The only reason the Democrats and the Media lie through their teeth is because they know how ignorant they've made their…
The only reason the Democrats and the Media lie through their teeth is because they know how ignorant they've made their followers. Rush Limbaugh had 3 of these zombies call his show today. They believe every lie they've been fed, and the media/Democrats know it
leftists are so dumb. They say "Trump took kim's word on otto warmbier". . No he didn't you fucking idiots. He's negotiating a deal. You don't call someone a murderer during negotiations. And the Dems know this. They only say it because they know how dumb their followers are
RT @1776Stonewall: Bonus Question: During the voyage a couple, Ananias and  Eleanor were pregnant with child. This child is considered the…
RT @1776Stonewall: Google doesn't really give the correct answer on this, so be sure to check in tomorrow or do further research to see if…
Google doesn't really give the correct answer on this, so be sure to check in tomorrow or do further research to see if you got it right. . . but vote first - No cheating. lol
@MatthewJshow That's the problem, many of the voters are illegal
even liberal polls show that California is just as conservative as liberal. The only difference is illegal voting/voting fraud. Remember that California stole nearly 20 seats in the midterms. Seats the Republicans were winning after election day. "Found votes" lost the elections
https://t.co/XTtb40Uv7E California refused 5.6 thousand requests to turn over criminal illegal aliens. . . This is the only reason California is a blue state, is because of illegal votes
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's History Quiz: What was the first British settlement/colony in what is now the United States?
@MadSquire And no clue that the Russian lawyer met with Fusion GPS before and after the meeting, that the meeting was a complete set up. They're just lost on everything
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews I agree, he said there's no evidence of Russian collusion, he said the dossier is phony, he said that Ada…
@BreitbartNews I agree, he said there's no evidence of Russian collusion, he said the dossier is phony, he said that Adam schiff's story of him being in Prague is false and he said the supposed video of trump hitting his wife is false
This one idiot was talking about the Tower meeting like he knew everything about it and was trying to school rush on it, then said it happened when Trump was only in office a week. He didn't even know it happened during the campaign, that it was before Trump was it even in office
Mr. Snerdley is really letting through the leftist morons for Rush to deal with. Each one is dumber and more brainwashed than the next. Rush even said he might have been giving these people too much credit, that they're not evil anti-americans, maybe they're just this ignorant
Breitbart lays out 8 times Cohens testimony EXONERATED Trump https://t.co/HKXl6MdSg7
there's this liberal Trump hating caller on Rush right now and this loser is mumbling and stuttering like Nancy Pelosi. I swear these people's brains are complete mush
@Josh_is_so_nice When I give the answer tomorrow, there will be a little hint of what might have happened to them
Kellyanne Conway Goes Public With Evidence That  Cohen LIED With Wikileaks Claim https://t.co/eJoukWsDIY
As you know New York is chasing Away business like it's going out of style, they have now lost over a hundred billion dollars over the last 20 years
RT @1776Stonewall: Looks like they're chipping away at my fellow #The200. The hit list that Hillary Clinton, Rachel Maddow and Politico has…
Looks like they're chipping away at my fellow #The200. The hit list that Hillary Clinton, Rachel Maddow and Politico has targeted. . I'll remind you again that Politico has been going after me for a couple years, and named me as the bot who stated the "release the memo" hashtag https://t.co/KLEt7sX4TW
Bonus Question: During the voyage a couple, Ananias and  Eleanor were pregnant with child. This child is considered the first British/European "American". What was the child's name?
Today's History Quiz: What was the first British settlement/colony in what is now the United States?
RT @1776Stonewall: OK poll has ended, the correct answer was "Peggy Shippen" and the bonus answer was "John Andre". . . Next quiz coming now
OK poll has ended, the correct answer was "Peggy Shippen" and the bonus answer was "John Andre". . . Next quiz coming now
https://t.co/KVa5WCpHEQ FEC Complaint Filed Against Ocasio-Cortez For Illegal Payments
https://t.co/eg4fieUxOs Looks like Pelosi has been forced to support reparations for slave descendants. . So they are losing some of their black base, so they are literally bribing them to come back
The media tried to schedule the Cohen hearing to coincide with the summit, but of course there's a huge time difference. So even 12 hours later, they didn't break Cohen coverage to cover the summit
https://t.co/4NnFhhJ1qL VIDEO Of Trump &amp; Kim Jong Un Tells You Everything You Need To Know About The Vietnam Summit. . . The hate Trump media did NOT even cover the summit
https://t.co/PwJK2fFt04 Kamala Harris caught in ANOTHER bald faced lie, even CNN had to call her out on it
https://t.co/7Z3WXTACmy Ralph Northam's wife handed black students cotton and asked them to imagine they were slaves, in a tour of the Governors mansion. . And Rashida Tlaib has the nerve to say Meadows uses blacks as "props"?
RT @1776Stonewall: @DonaldJTrumpJr Does she now have a fatwa on her head?
@DonaldJTrumpJr Does she now have a fatwa on her head?
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/0mzGUEMsFa Greg Gutfeld had it up to here with the pathetic Juan Williams. This was epic - watch
Trump and Kim to make first public appearance in Vietnam tonight at 9:00 Eastern Time. The left tried to schedule the #CohenTestimoney so they wouldn't have to cover the summit. . . . Big time difference, morons
https://t.co/0mzGUEMsFa Greg Gutfeld had it up to here with the pathetic Juan Williams. This was epic - watch
@WBillyo maybe, but more than half the answers are wrong
RT @1776Stonewall: Bonus Question: What was the name of the British Intelligence officer?
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's History Quiz: Benedict Arnold was married to a young wealthy woman whose family were Tories (British loyalists),…
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino https://t.co/rPriSYRUZd and here's part 2
@dbongino https://t.co/rPriSYRUZd and here's part 2
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino Here are the video's - This is part one (not my voice on video, got it off Youtube) https://t.co/VQTjOlw7zh
@dbongino Here are the video's - This is part one (not my voice on video, got it off Youtube) https://t.co/VQTjOlw7zh
Trump to veto Gun control measures passed by congress today
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino Greg almost jumped over the table and strangled that pathetic little man named Juan. . . Not that I blame him
@dbongino Greg almost jumped over the table and strangled that pathetic little man named Juan. . . Not that I blame him
The left simply can't help themselves by crying racism when everything else is failing, as you saw today with Rashida Tlaib - a known Jew hater herself. . . A leftist calling out a Republican for using black people as a prop? That's hilarious
WOW: Even CNN Is Calling Cohen Out For HUGE Lie Under Oath. This is your star witness, Democrats . LOL https://t.co/JqHMzz6dal
Or even the other way around
I mean if the woman is willing to sell her body, and the man is willing to pay for it. I don't care
What do I care if somebody wants to buy a prostitute, as long as it's safe and regulated
Kamala Harris now wants to legalize prostitution. So I guess Robert Kraft is in the clear.. . I'm actually fine with that one, to be honest
The Cohen hearing was a disaster for Democrats. He said Trump never wanted to win presidency, so that kills Russian collusion. said he has no evidence of collusion, he said the dossier isn't true and he said the supposed video of trump hitting his wife is definitely not true
Cohen Claims He Didn’t Want Job In White House, Here’s Proof That He’s LYING. Even CNN had to admit he lied on this one https://t.co/IPuSpLO1lO
Michael Cohen says he has no evidence of Russian collusion. Now you see why Mueller didn't make a deal with him, he had nothing to offer. Do you think CNN will use that bit?
WATCH: Michael Cohen Slips Up In Opening Statement, Delivers Major BLOW To Russia Claims https://t.co/tuAITjVqJp
I love this guy https://t.co/9vOqKqejuW
And didn't Michael Cohen secretly record the president? I guess he only did that when Trump was being lawful?
Rush just reminded me that Cohen originally stated that Trump didn't even want to win the presidency, that he was doing it just as a marketing tactic. And that he was shocked when he won. Doesn't sound like someone who colluded with Russia to guarantee Victory, does it?
And this guy's going to jail for lying, right? Yeah I thought so
Michael Cohen is reading this like it's the first time he's seeing it. . . Mueller must have sloppy handwriting
@David17498001 Yeah tomorrow if you come back at this time, the answer will be there. . The answer to yesterday's quiz about the whiskey rebellion was "Pennsylvania"
@David17498001 I just gave the answer to yesterday's quiz. They're 24 hour polls, I give answer when it's over. But anyone can Google the answer. . after they vote. lol
Bonus Question: What was the name of the British Intelligence officer?
Today's History Quiz: Benedict Arnold was married to a young wealthy woman whose family were Tories (British loyalists), she worked as a liaison between a British Intelligence officer and Arnold, setting up the terms for his desertion. What was her name?
RT @1776Stonewall: OK, poll is over, 37% got it right - correct answer is Pennsylvania.. . . . Next Quiz starting now
OK, poll is over, 37% got it right - correct answer is Pennsylvania.. . . . Next Quiz starting now
Joe Biden says he's close to making a decision on 2020. . . Give him credit, that's about as close as he gets to making decisions or having ideas
https://t.co/wi1hrZRIJl Don Jr. UNLOADS On Dems After Desperate Stunt To Distract From President Trump’s Summit With NK
RT @Breaking911: JUST IN: Woman accused of assaulting man in MAGA hat on Cape Cod is in country illegally, has been detained by ICE &amp; faces…
https://t.co/Cjb2VhBHGC Bernie Sanders’ 2016 presidential campaign spokesman hash some pretty harsh words for Hilary Clinton and her team
So Trump's in Hanoi, ready to meet with Kim Jong Un, which he has already had more accomplishments with N. Korea than any previous president, and what is the left talking about? Stormy "fucking" Daniels. God these people are such pathetic losers
All this pales in comparison to literally paying a foreign spy millions of dollars to obtain propaganda from RUSSIA to then use to illegally obtain warrants to spy on your opponent. I mean this is so silly. You're ignoring a HUGE crime and searching for one where it doesn't exist
And, once again like I keep saying, the left takes something that is completely normal and makes in seem abnormal. ANYBODY running for president, or any office for that matter, wants to find dirt on their opponent. Why would Trump be any different?
If Assange got his information from Russia (which there is zero evidence of) and Trump was colluding directly with Russia (also no evidence) than why would he need to find out what Assange had? Couldn't he just ask Russia/Putin/ himself?
The left is so stupid. They're making this huge deal that Cohen is going to say (who cares what he says first of all) that Trump was aware that Stone was talking to Assange about what they had on DNC/Hillary. . They don't understand that actually kills their Russian narrative
@mattgaetz you'd figure an "author" would know how to do basic research
RT @MikeTokes: So Twitter can suspend Jacob Wohl for allegedly "creating multiple accounts" but didn't ban Dem cyber disinformation "protec…
I'll also remind you that Lisa Murkowski was the only "Republican" Senator to willingly (2 others got stuck, couldn't make it) not vote to save already born babied from being murdered . . Hope you're watching, Alaska
These 13 House "Republicans" voted with Democrats to end Trump's national emergency https://t.co/461YarkUqg
Trump’s Economy Just Got FLOODED With Billions Of Dollars And Thousands Of Jobs https://t.co/f4eqd1XRMY
@NeatTricks1 what are the chances ?
https://t.co/wBUMzjcIZc WATCH: Border Chief Goes Before Congress, SILENCES Dems With 3 Words
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's History Quiz: 1791 congress passed 1st domestic tax in the U.S. proposed by Alexander Hamiliton, signed into law…
There is still slavery today. That cobalt that we use for lithium batteries was mined by African child slaves and in Haiti there are a thing called "Restavek" children - legal servants
@MatthewJshow And really it's everyone. There was slavery in all four corners of the world
RT @1776Stonewall: And you know before the African Slave Trade, or "triangular slave trade" as it was known, there was the Indian Slave tra…
And you know before the African Slave Trade, or "triangular slave trade" as it was known, there was the Indian Slave trade. The natives actually taught the European settlers about slavery and would trade their own slaves for European goods
Also, if you go back far enough, many of us, if not most of us, are descendants of slaves in one way or another. I mean what about Asians? What about Muslims? Hell there was slavery in ancient Egypt and Rome. so are Italians going to receive reparations?
2020 Democrat Presidential candidates say they support reparations to the descendants of slaves. Here's the funny thing: Barack and Michele Obama are both descendants of slave OWNERS, and Kamala Harris's father just acknowledged that she is as well.
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino That's like asking a child if America would be better off with more free candy
@dbongino That's like asking a child if America would be better off with more free candy
https://t.co/CDawK85bDv hahaha!! BOOM!!
Bill Maher says that people in red states are jealous of people in blue States and want to be them. Yet blue States like California and New York are losing tens of thousands of residents every single year, and they are all moving to Red States like Texas, Florida and Tennessee
These are mainly women coming over to the pro-life side. Trump has driven the left so radical, that they are absolutely destroying themselves
A new Marist poll shows that an equal number of Americans are now both pro-life and pro-choice, tied at 47%. Just a month ago there was a 17-point Advantage for pro-choice on the same poll. That's the same timeframe the left has come out in defense of infanticide
‘EXECUTING BABIES’: Trump Has A Message For Dems Blocking Bill Protecting Newborns From Death https://t.co/UkpWef8hwV
And Rush Limbaugh is about to read off recent poll results that show women coming over to the pro-life crowd, because they are outraged over this new open infanticide politics of the left. I mean they always did it, but they weren't open about it
Elizabeth Warren celebrating the Democrats blocking the bill protecting already born babies , saying that it was an attack on women's health. This is how dumb you have to be to be a Democrat. If the baby is already born, then how is it still about the Woman's Health?
RT @1776Stonewall: This year, for instance, it hasn't really snowed here in New York. If I was a global warming nut I would attribute it to…
This year, for instance, it hasn't really snowed here in New York. If I was a global warming nut I would attribute it to that, but last year it snowed a lot and we've had Winters before where it didn't snow much. Next year it might snow 10 times. Completely normal
RT @1776Stonewall: Like yesterday I had a leftist show me pictures of snow in Vegas, told me it never happened that it snowed 3 days in Veg…
Like yesterday I had a leftist show me pictures of snow in Vegas, told me it never happened that it snowed 3 days in Vegas. Then someone showed him that it actually snowed for 5 days straight in Vegas at 1949. So while it might be uncommon, it's nothing it hasn't happened before
RT @1776Stonewall: It's this trick that allows them to get away with climate change hoax also, because the climate is always changing , tha…
It's this trick that allows them to get away with climate change hoax also, because the climate is always changing , that they can make it seem abnormal. The world is so big that chances are there's always somewhere in the world where the climate is not what it normally is
RT @1776Stonewall: So if the owner of Hilton were to run for president they would be able to connect him to Russia very easily. And they wo…
So if the owner of Hilton were to run for president they would be able to connect him to Russia very easily. And they would go through all the deals that Hilton has made in Russia and make them seem suspicious
RT @1776Stonewall: Once again this is what the left does, they take something that is completely normal, and make it abnormal. Because nobo…
Once again this is what the left does, they take something that is completely normal, and make it abnormal. Because nobody ever made a big deal of any of those other chains opening up hotels in Moscow , so it seems weird that Trump did. That's The Power of propaganda
The left tries to make a big deal that Trump tried to open hotel in Moscow. Marriott, Sheraton, Hilton, even Days Inn and a bunch of other chains all have hotels in Moscow. Trump's basically the only one that doesn't. I guess they're all colluding with Russia better than he is
https://t.co/7D1mx3OR0H CNN guest says Trump doesn't see black people as "Fully human". . This is how insane the left is. They are OBSESSED with racial politics. They're the ones thinking this crazy shit all day. Things like this never even cross Trump's mind, only theirs. Watch
@BresslerBetty seems like Twitters doing
Remember, everyone, that just because a "check mark" comes up after you vote does NOT mean you answered correctly. That check is simply to confirm what you picked. This poll does not supply the answers. I provide the answers when the poll ends, or you can google it after you vote
Many of the farmers were vets of the Revolution made their living off whiskey. They felt this was a slap in the face to what they fought against "no taxation without representation". They eventually attacked the home of  a tax collector, forcing Washington to squash the rebellion
Today's History Quiz: 1791 congress passed 1st domestic tax in the U.S. proposed by Alexander Hamiliton, signed into law by President Washington. The tax was on distilled spirits. This resulted in an uprising called the "Whiskey Rebellion". In what state did this primarily occur?
RT @1776Stonewall: OK, 26% got this right. Correct answer is "Charles Dickinson". Dickinson a famed duelist and expert marksman is credited…
OK, 26% got this right. Correct answer is "Charles Dickinson". Dickinson a famed duelist and expert marksman is credited with killing 26 men in duels. Jackson himself was in 13 duels and obviously killed thousands in war. so this was an epic match between 2 very skilled shooters
While Trump's off saving the world in Hanoi, the left/Mueller has ordered Michael Cohen to accuse the president of crimes in office. . . without any evidence of course. He only recorded the president when he was being a law abiding citizen, I guess
https://t.co/OeREDPcx8u  Trump UNLEASHES On Dems Who Blocked Bill Preventing Newborns From Being Killed; ‘Executing Babies!’
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews And?
https://t.co/xrZX50TUtJ When all else fails
@BreitbartNews And?
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's History Quiz: 1806: Andrew Jackson kills a man in a duel, after the man calls his wife a bigamist, and calls Jac…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/rlvzikXTm5  Federal Judge Delivers Major Blow To Swamp Case, Hands President Trump Landmark Victory
@jennmac415 What? Now he's just making shit up. Typical lefty
Former Bill Clinton pollster, Mark Penn, says "The new green deal might as well be the new Red deal". Meaning that it's so radical that it is chasing away so many moderate Democrats from the party, which obviously helps Trump and the GOP
https://t.co/OfZLeyWBtH Another crazy leftist hate hoax, this time a transgender, tried to frame a hate crime, but took it WAY too far, much further than Jussie Smollett took it. I almost didn't post this because it's so disturbing. Have a look, but it's VERY upsetting
https://t.co/Bq4g1C9pkD BREAKING: Here’s The $3,500 Check That Jussie Smollett Wrote To The Nigerian Brothers [IMAGE]
RT @1776Stonewall: So Charles here called me out on Climate change, sending me a picture in Vegas of snowfall, said that it's never happene…
So Charles here called me out on Climate change, sending me a picture in Vegas of snowfall, said that it's never happened before where it snowed 3 days in a row in Vegas. . It was then proven that in 1949 it actually snowed for 5 days straight in Vegas. . . and so he blocked me https://t.co/wNoDoeQoRs
RT @thxUSA: @CharlesRamos63 @1776Stonewall 1] Snow fell in Las Vegas for five days in February 1949	2] https://t.co/Ga4vlqolIK
@thxUSA @CharlesRamos63 these people are so dumb
RT @1776Stonewall: All that matters is what you tell them. The average leftist is so accustomed to being controlled from such an early age,…
All that matters is what you tell them. The average leftist is so accustomed to being controlled from such an early age, they never grow out of that dependency for information. All they have to do is tell them something is true or untrue, even if there's evidence of the contrary
RT @1776Stonewall: The left understands that their followers don't know what they're talking about on anything. So if they have a coordinat…
The left understands that their followers don't know what they're talking about on anything. So if they have a coordinated effort pushing something, even if it's something completely normal, their followers react to it. The average leftist is a sheep, and the Dems/media know it
RT @1776Stonewall: "Separating kids from parents" happens every single time someone breaks the law and gets detained. Everyone in prison wa…
"Separating kids from parents" happens every single time someone breaks the law and gets detained. Everyone in prison was separated from their children. Obama did the same thing at the border, but because the media all the sudden pushed it as something new, it appeared abnormal
RT @1776Stonewall: Trump having a "private conversation" with Putin is completely normal, that's what every world leader does with other wo…
Trump having a "private conversation" with Putin is completely normal, that's what every world leader does with other world leaders, but because the left made a big deal about it and the media harped on it, it seems abnormal.
RT @1776Stonewall: this is part of what the left does. They take things that are completely normal, make a big deal about them so that it s…
this is part of what the left does. They take things that are completely normal, make a big deal about them so that it seems abnormal. Like Trump tower meeting. That is perfectly normal, EVERYONE does it, but because nobody ever made a big deal about it before it seemed abnormal
AOC says she doesn't have to prove how dire climate change has gotten, that all you need to do is go outside and see for yourself, it's that obvious. . Just think for a second how sick that is. To actually have people so terrified of what they're seeing. . and NOTHING has changed
RT @1776Stonewall: Now I know how some feel, they don't like "dynasties", but there aren't many in Washington that I feel comfortable handi…
RT @1776Stonewall: @DonaldJTrumpJr hints at a presidential run in 2024. I did a poll on this last month, and over 19,000 people voted. Here…
Now I know how some feel, they don't like "dynasties", but there aren't many in Washington that I feel comfortable handing the torch over to. What Trump has started NEEDS to be continued, and who better than his son, who idolizes his father and agrees with him politically 100%?
@DonaldJTrumpJr hints at a presidential run in 2024. I did a poll on this last month, and over 19,000 people voted. Here were the results https://t.co/WmiEHMhYby
https://t.co/AOx7M2URZf WATCH: CNN Hosts Goes Off On AOC Over Her Repeated False Claims
https://t.co/dB52ahOe1m AOC's Green Deal to cost 93 trillion $. That's $600,000 per household. and when you ask how we'll pay for it, she can't believe you're even asking her the question. The world will end if we don't do exactly this, you see. And you're worried about money?
Former Staffer Claims Trump Kissed Her Without Consent, Two Witnesses Go Public With TRUTH https://t.co/NB83D0L4X5
Hannity was just playing clips of some leftists saying that there's something wrong with us for celebrating the fact that jussie was lying. So there's something wrong with us for being glad that someone wasn't lynched, but they're the normal ones who wish he actually was lynched?
RT @1776Stonewall: See the difference between us and them is that they debate on emotion. They say what they want to be true. We, on the ot…
See the difference between us and them is that they debate on emotion. They say what they want to be true. We, on the other hand, debate with facts and things that we can actually prove. Which is why it's almost impossible to lose a debate with them
@ChrisLYanksFan I'm not even saying it to be funny, I mean they're just so wrong on literally everything. Trump won with Independents and even liberal polls have him doing very well with them. I mean it's just such a stupid thing to say, and yet he said it with such conviction
RT @1776Stonewall: You mean like the CBS and CNN poll that showed 81% of Independents agreed with Trump on immigration and his State of the…
You mean like the CBS and CNN poll that showed 81% of Independents agreed with Trump on immigration and his State of the Union Address? And the fact that Trump won with Independents? Do you leftists ever get tired of being wrong all the time? https://t.co/1PE51AOVqX
The leftist media continues to go after AOC. You saw a Morning Joe panel talk about how she might win Trump re-election. Now CNN is chiming in. I knew this woman would be a disaster for the left, and I was right, and they see it. https://t.co/AOx7M2URZf
RT @1776Stonewall: The left has learned long ago that it doesn't matter what's actually happening, it doesn't matter what the truth is, all…
The left has learned long ago that it doesn't matter what's actually happening, it doesn't matter what the truth is, all that matters is what you tell them is happening, or not happening. As Mika Brzezinski once said, "it's our job to tell you what to think
RT @1776Stonewall: that's the control the leftist media has on these people. Their brains have been ripped out of their head, they don't th…
that's the control the leftist media has on these people. Their brains have been ripped out of their head, they don't think for themselves. Illegal voting has been admitted to, Democrat politicians are openly fighting for it. Stacey Abrams openly fought for it during the midterms
RT @1776Stonewall: This is the part where he starts sending me a bunch of liberal propaganda sites, because he's incapable of debating on h…
This is the part where he starts sending me a bunch of liberal propaganda sites, because he's incapable of debating on his own
RT @1776Stonewall: You need to wake up Christian. Republicans were winning in 20 different California seats after election day, each of tho…
RT @1776Stonewall: Don't forget that in Texas alone, never less California, they found 93,000 illegals on voter rolls. 55000 of them in Tex…
Don't forget that in Texas alone, never less California, they found 93,000 illegals on voter rolls. 55000 of them in Texas were proven to have voted. And the left isn't even hiding this, they're openly fighting for it. Brenda Snipes in Florida admitted to Counting illegal votes
Dems Turn On Mueller, Issue Scathing Threats If Russia Info Not Released By Certain Date https://t.co/nFTTREDqT1
More polling data continue to swing in Trump's Direction, Suburban women are starting to come over to Trump because of the Border control issue. They want a wall and protection. It was Suburban women that helped the Democrats during the midterms.
RT @realDonaldTrump: It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch, a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 m…
This shows you the extent of illegal voting. Especially in California
Also, this is a Gallup poll, which is one of the left's favorite pollsters. You guys love polls, yet when they don't go your way you dismiss them. It's pretty hilarious
You need to wake up Christian. Republicans were winning in 20 different California seats after election day, each of those seats were then lost in the following days with "found" ballots. You honestly don't realize that "lost" ballots always go to the Democrats? https://t.co/ULiD5SAB2t
I'm loving this caller on Rush right now. He's a former Bernie supporter, who decided to give Trump a chance and is now a full Trump supporter, he fully acknowledges that he was a brainwashed liberal, and has since been awakened to the truth. And it's just great to hear
@BruceP28620419 Yep lower the voting age before they grow up and learn how the world actually works
@DavidMa31073050 So are my cats
RT @1776Stonewall: You could take any one of these children and replace AOC with any of them and there wouldn't be a difference. They would…
You could take any one of these children and replace AOC with any of them and there wouldn't be a difference. They would be saying the same things she is, they would make as little sense as she does and they would have the same understanding of how the world works as she does
Rush is playing the audio of those elementary kids that were begging Dianne Feinstein to sign on to the new green deal, and I couldn't help but notice that these kids sound exactly like Alexandria ocasio-cortez. She basically has the mind of a 10 year old. Same indoctrination
I'll also remind people again that Politico has been going after me for a few years. In 2018 they listed me as the "Russian bot" who helped start the release the memo hashtag
@zirbel_donna No, he just said that it's real people, not bots
Rush Limbaugh is talking about the core 200. The 200 accounts, including myself, that Politico, Hillary Clinton and Rachel Maddow have determined are threats to Democrats in 2020, and are trying to destroy
RT @1776Stonewall: Also, the states that barely tilted liberal in 2017, switched to barely tilting conservative in 2018. Also new polling s…
Also, the states that barely tilted liberal in 2017, switched to barely tilting conservative in 2018. Also new polling shows that there is a huge swing in people being pro-life, after the radical push for late-term abortion, and even abortion after birth
RT @1776Stonewall: There is not a single state where  liberals have even a 15-point advantage, yet there are 25 states where conservatives…
There is not a single state where  liberals have even a 15-point advantage, yet there are 25 states where conservatives do. The most conservative state is Mississippi, 50% to 12% conservatives, and the most liberal state is Massachusetts 35% to 21% liberal
New Gallup research shows huge advantages for conservatives over liberals. 19 states have a conservative advantage of over 20 points, 25 states of over 15 points. The average state is between 7 to 14 Points Plus conservative. And yet polls oversample liberals by 10 to 20%
Alexandria ocasio-cortez says that we need to stop having kids because the Earth will be uninhabitable in the very near future . . . I agree with AOC, leftists should absolutely stop having kids, and find another planet to live on
BOOM: America Smashes Another MASSIVE Record, And It’s All Because Of Trump https://t.co/MxR9Mii1uO
https://t.co/rlvzikXTm5  Federal Judge Delivers Major Blow To Swamp Case, Hands President Trump Landmark Victory
@cdp509 @realDonaldTrump @Varneyco lol. spoken like a true Varney fan
@AdrienneScanna1 Yes, thank you. And Politico has been going after me for years. They once labeled me the "russian bot" who helped create the "Release the memo" hashtag. . here's a clip from that 2018 article https://t.co/gkCNEjIIXj
https://t.co/Ry1ftJEsQx
Author Robert Remini is perhaps the best Jackson historian and has the preeminent biography on Jackson called "The Life of Andrew Jackson". It is a spectacular read
@US_Officials Very good!
@JoachimPhoenixx Well done!
@wrunderwood I'm impressed!
@paulbowdry I have to post that every day because many people thought that, and I don't want people going away learning incorrect history. That would have the opposite result that I'm trying for
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump @Varneyco Varney is the best political/business morning show on TV. That's my morning routine - coffee…
@realDonaldTrump @Varneyco Varney is the best political/business morning show on TV. That's my morning routine - coffee and Varney
Remember, everyone, that just because a "check mark" comes up after you vote does NOT mean you answered correctly. That check is simply to confirm what you picked. This poll does not supply the answers. I provide the answers when the poll ends, or you can google it after you vote
Jackson was one of the greatest Indian fighters of all time. To this day he is considered a Hitler-like person to them. The Natives had a saying that "if Jackson made war on you, all he had to do was look at you, and you dropped dead"
Bonus Question: (Difficult) Andrew Jackson's nickname was "Old Hickory", but the Native Indians had their own nickname for him. What was it?
RT @1776Stonewall: The bullet that hit Jackson missed his heart by inches, Jackson put his hand over the wound to stop the bleeding, took s…
The bullet that hit Jackson missed his heart by inches, Jackson put his hand over the wound to stop the bleeding, took steady aim and fired, killing his opponent. Though Jackson recovered, he lived with chronic pain in his chest for the remainder if his life.
Today's History Quiz: 1806: Andrew Jackson kills a man in a duel, after the man calls his wife a bigamist, and calls Jackson a cheat and a coward. Jackson challenged him to a duel. Jackson was shot and lived the rest of his life with a bullet in his chest. Who did Jackson kill?
Market hits 26,200, nears all time highs, as trade agreement with china inches closer
President Trump announces a signing ceremony on trade with President Xi. Looks like an agreement has been reached
RT @1776Stonewall: Yes, very similar to the 4 innocent men Robert Mueller had take the fall for Whitey Bulger, 2 of whom died in prison and…
Yes, very similar to the 4 innocent men Robert Mueller had take the fall for Whitey Bulger, 2 of whom died in prison and other 2 spent 30 years and eventually won a $100 million lawsuit for being wrongfully imprisoned. . . Also none of that has anything to do with Trump or Russia https://t.co/KTXtumq0Pq
RT @1776Stonewall: @RealSaavedra So they STILL have no platform to run on, just "We hate Trump". Sorry but if you're still a Democrat, you'…
RT @repasky_susan: @1776Stonewall @RealSaavedra There are some people that I thought were very very intelligent.     		They are Democrats a…
@FemaleVeteran1 @SebGorka martina navratilova
RT @1776Stonewall: @SebGorka Imagine being a parent of a girl in school sports, especially a contact sport, or wrestling? No way I would al…
@SebGorka Imagine being a parent of a girl in school sports, especially a contact sport, or wrestling? No way I would allow that. Would you?
@debbies3360 @SebGorka Renee Richards actually coached her, but you have a point
@hmsromano @SebGorka Yeah he refused to sign her and now she's in her mid 40's and hasn't fought in 5 years. He made the right call. honestly a woman could get seriously hurt, and then the left would really have to reconsider what they did. But luckily Dana saw ahead
@larryelder spike Lee has made some of the worst movies in the history of cinema
Alexandria oCRAZYo Cortez says that she doesn't even have to prove how serious climate change has gotten, that all you need to do is walk outside and see for yourself. . . So if you need me, I'll be at the beach tomorrow, here in New York.
RT @RealMattCouch: Mitt Romney is leading the charge to vote against Trump's National Emergency.. 		Anyone who sticks up for this traitor,…
RT @1776Stonewall: The left used to have a monopoly on the media and how people received their news/information. Then Rush came around in 1…
The left used to have a monopoly on the media and how people received their news/information. Then Rush came around in 1988, then FOX in 96' which took away some of their brainwashing power. Now with Social Media there's millions of "Rush's" and their power has diminished greatly https://t.co/zhKPVz7MZm
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews I hear prisons are excellent rehabilitation centers
@BreitbartNews I hear prisons are excellent rehabilitation centers
@SebGorka This is what I was waiting for, when transgender "women" would start taking over women's sports. because I feel that's going to be an eyeopener where people start to say "ok something's wrong here". Especially in combat sports, like wrestling.
@RealSaavedra So they STILL have no platform to run on, just "We hate Trump". Sorry but if you're still a Democrat, you're an idiot
https://t.co/1cg0fUtuw7 TOLERANCE? Trump Voter Assaulted &amp; Told That He “Shouldn’t Be Able To Eat In A Mexican Restaurant”
RT @TomiLahren: Walls aren’t immoral. Allowing illegals to ravage our country is. https://t.co/5mhPhnpiZh
I wonder how all these Hollywood assholes feel about AOC's plan of a 10 million dollar cutoff? Don't they make like 30 million per movie?
So the left has convinced a generation of people that the Earth is dying and only they can solve it, that Republicans will kill us all. So if they gain back power they can literally say "We saved the world". . And yet they talk about "Republican fear tactics"?
RT @1776Stonewall: She is a product of the progressive schooling indoctrination. she truly believes this, as do millions of kids. You saw t…
She is a product of the progressive schooling indoctrination. she truly believes this, as do millions of kids. You saw those elementary kids with Dianne Feinstein? They all believe that if we don't pass this green deal that the Earth is going to be uninhabitable within a decade
Alexandria Ocasio-cortez: "WE'RE ALL GOING TO FUCKING DIE!!" https://t.co/yPavG49Z94
RT @1776Stonewall: @SebGorka @AOC Everything to her, and these crazy leftists, is "we're all gonna die". Everything Trump does is "going to…
@SebGorka @AOC Everything to her, and these crazy leftists, is "we're all gonna die". Everything Trump does is "going to kill millions". The world is ending in 12 years. She even defended buying a luxury apartment, basically by saying if she didn't buy that apartment she'd die by a mass shooter
RT @1776Stonewall: @RealSaavedra Wait? Didn't she say how dangerous cow farts are? And now she's cutting cheese?
@RealSaavedra Wait? Didn't she say how dangerous cow farts are? And now she's cutting cheese?
Isn't it strange how the left bashes rich people all day, and then watch the #Oscars where a whole bunch of rich leftists give each other awards?  #Oscars2019
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/rXaMzzZFlm #Oscars got political within minutes. Presenters Maya Rudolph, Amy Poehler, Tina Fey trashed the…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/uH2EuDXCTb Pathetic! AOC plays the victim card after the media calls her out for renting luxury apartment.…
Before you say it, no, I'm not watching, I just saw the clip
https://t.co/rXaMzzZFlm #Oscars got political within minutes. Presenters Maya Rudolph, Amy Poehler, Tina Fey trashed the President soon as they began the ceremony. Rudolph said "Mexico isn't paying for the wall". . Little does she know, they already have, and just how Trump said
https://t.co/uH2EuDXCTb Pathetic! AOC plays the victim card after the media calls her out for renting luxury apartment. Look how over the top her excuse is. Basically if she didn't rent that particular apartment she would be killed
Julian Assange may be a free man soon. He's a native Australian, and he has just received an Australian passport to return home.
https://t.co/nQwTODmglZ Former Obama Aide talks about using the Military to remove Trump from office if he "refuses to admit defeat" in 2020. . how hypocritical is that? Considering the left STILL hasn't admitted defeat form 2016
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's history Quiz: During U.S. Civil War This old General and Mexican/American war veteran had the idea of a blockade…
RT @1776Stonewall: Honestly, if you are Anti-Gun, stop making action movies. If you are a Climate Change nut, stop flying around in your pr…
@zattack2016 @realDonaldTrump Huge. Even CNN and CBC polls showed that 72% of voters agreed with Trump on immigration, including 81% of independents
@Don_Quixot3 @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/Jiuatc6ZJB
@Don_Quixot3 @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/Jiuatc6ZJB    https://t.co/eT53z3K1Ua
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump During the shutdown you gained 20 points with Hispanics, taking you to 51% approval with Hispanics. And…
@realDonaldTrump During the shutdown you gained 20 points with Hispanics, taking you to 51% approval with Hispanics. And that was a liberal NPR poll. Likely real results are even higher, possibly 60%. Financial optimism at all time high
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump And your approval is actually higher with GOP women, which destroys the leftist narrative that their hu…
@realDonaldTrump And your approval is actually higher with GOP women, which destroys the leftist narrative that their husbands tell them how to vote. On top of that polls oversample Dems 10-20%, and Wikileaks exposed a 37 page manual sent by Podesta to pollsters, explaining how to rig results
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump Harvard/Princeton study showed you get over 90% negative press, the Media Research center found the sam…
@realDonaldTrump Harvard/Princeton study showed you get over 90% negative press, the Media Research center found the same results, as did another one a few months ago. FOX was the only balanced one, and even they are 52% negative. Better approval than Obama with 90% plus positive coverage
RT @1776Stonewall: @DaveBen52466738 Danney Williams
@DaveBen52466738 Danney Williams
https://t.co/CGSEQMzONN Ocasio-Cortez Exposed As A Fraud, Does NOT HAVE Bronx Address
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews He was almost right. I think what he meant to say was "Trump is the biggest threat to 'Democrats' since t…
@BreitbartNews He was almost right. I think what he meant to say was "Trump is the biggest threat to 'Democrats' since the Civil War"
"If you do this, you'll never work in Democratic politics again"
https://t.co/XRJaKsSbCh Flashback: George Stephanopoulos, then Clinton campaigner, threatening reporter to not release story of Bill Clinton of illegitimate black child. threatens he'll "never work in this town again" and that Clinton would be willing to do favors if not released
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino And video of him in 1985, recently resurfaced, of him praising Castro regime (similar to Maduro regime) giving…
@dbongino And video of him in 1985, recently resurfaced, of him praising Castro regime (similar to Maduro regime) giving advise how to defeat the United States. Yet the left is donating money to him hand over foot. Seems the more Anti-American you are, the bigger star you are on the left
https://t.co/BjezdR5ZPS Watch this incredible moment as paddle boarders get the thrill of a lifetime, as 3 humpback whales breach just 50 yards away
Honestly, if you are Anti-Gun, stop making action movies. If you are a Climate Change nut, stop flying around in your private jets. If you are for Socialism, stop living in mansions. If you are against walls, tear down the ones in front of those mansions. Lead by example. #Oscars
https://t.co/Ol3o4jGxjW The Anti-gun Hollywood liberals will feel safe tonight at the Oscars, having security "similar to the Presidents". . While receiving awards for their roles romanticizing the use of guns
RT @1776Stonewall: Here are the nominees for leading actor in a political role. Notice how Rachel Madcow is amongst the male nominees. (And…
@SurferPatriot The black and white one. The fluffy one is Reagan
@n14p16c03 Reagan is the other
@Shelbby07 You were probably thinking of James Bowie and Davy Crockett
https://t.co/Le6tDsOvad She is incapable of telling the truth about anything. . I mean she even lied about listening to Tupac for crying out loud
RT @1776Stonewall: To lower voting age to 16 should tell you everything. At 16, KIDS are still in school, still being indoctrinated, still…
To lower voting age to 16 should tell you everything. At 16, KIDS are still in school, still being indoctrinated, still impressionable, still idolize liberal Hollywood celebs, haven't had to work and understand what it's like to pay taxes, take care of family - perfect Dem voters
The only way the left remains in existence is for a large number of people to buy their bullshit, and the older and wiser you get, the less likely you are to be fooled. Honestly, if you're over 35 and still don't see the left/media for what it is, you're pathetic. it's so obvious
Majority of American adults see the left/media for what it is . Recent polling shows that 92% of GOP, 79% Independents and even 53% Democrats know the media lies to them. So the left has lost the America adult vote. This is why they want open borders and to lower voting age to 16
https://t.co/UBf8mKUrdt Smollett To Use ‘O.J. Simpson’ Defense; Legal Plan Is To Put The Police On Trial
@Shelbby07 All 4 were still alive at the start of the Civil War
@ChristineDowe10 But you're learning. Google the answer after you vote and you'll have learned something new today
@jennmac415 Take a guess next time, and then Google it. It's ok to get it wrong. Most people do, to be honest. Yesterday 60% got it wrong
Google it AFTER you vote, of course. lol
@LoeWEarl Good job!
Remember, everyone, that just because a "check mark" comes up after you vote does NOT mean you answered correctly. That check is simply to confirm what you picked. This poll does not supply the answers. I provide the answers when the poll ends, or you can google it
Today's history Quiz: During U.S. Civil War This old General and Mexican/American war veteran had the idea of a blockade of Southern Ports, suppressing Confederate movement and supplies. It was nicknamed the "Snake", or "Anaconda plan". Who was the old General that created it?
RT @1776Stonewall: OK, final results: 44% got the first quiz right, 40% got the 2nd right. Correct answers are, "Mary Dyer" and "Roger Will…
OK, final results: 44% got the first quiz right, 40% got the 2nd right. Correct answers are, "Mary Dyer" and "Roger Williams"
Personally I felt Madcow had the best acting performance, but I guess Jussie's story line/plot was the best
Here are the nominees for leading actor in a political role. Notice how Rachel Madcow is amongst the male nominees. (And say hello to Cherokee, aka "Cherri") https://t.co/q0X4YAAOGz
If you have not taken today's quiz's yet. . . (And remember that just because a check mark comes up after you vote does NOT mean you got it right. That simply marks your guess. I provide the answers in the morning, or you can DuckDuckGo them after you vote) https://t.co/68N7pWItWD
@MancusoKellyA18 @abibeuck22 yes, by themselves
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/o4QItOHj00 AOC admits that the Green New Deal will make government regulate "Everything"
RT @1776Stonewall: @RyanAFournier @PiersBellaVita Even with the Jussie Smollett case, they're still saying "If" it was a hoax. . We have th…
@RyanAFournier @PiersBellaVita Even with the Jussie Smollett case, they're still saying "If" it was a hoax. . We have the check he wrote, We have the Nigerian brothers on camera buying the supplies and they admitted everything. It's just incredible how reluctant they are to tell the truth about anything
RT @1776Stonewall: coincidentally they also have bird brains
coincidentally they also have bird brains
RT @1776Stonewall: I'm assuming leftists have incredibly great, eagle like,  vision?
I'm assuming leftists have incredibly great, eagle like,  vision?
RT @1776Stonewall: Let's play "spot the crazy lefty" https://t.co/3MySeQo220
Just watch how ignorant Maxine Waters is. Tell me if this person doesn't have the IQ of a cucumber. (And say hello to Quanah) https://t.co/WRXD9cm1Jv
RT @1776Stonewall: Look what happens when I go to Search "Stonewall Jackson Twitter" https://t.co/FhlEXtBNSs
Look what happens when I go to Search "Stonewall Jackson Twitter" https://t.co/FhlEXtBNSs
https://t.co/pnCMRlh1sr They're starting to catch on. I saw this problem (for them) from day one
As you know the economy is stronger than its been in decades, yet if you listen to CNN they'll tell you the exact opposite. And they word it as if it's known by everyone, even though it's a total lie. I flipped to CNN for 30 seconds and this is what I saw https://t.co/nFNog4HPB2
RT @1776Stonewall: @Barnes_Law @politico Not only am I one of those, Robert,but it's not the first time Politico has gone after me, calling…
@Barnes_Law @politico Not only am I one of those, Robert,but it's not the first time Politico has gone after me, calling me a bot . In 2018 they listed me as one of the "Russian Bots" that helped start the "Release the memo" hashtag. . Here's the article. And here's a clip https://t.co/EbEsPTtGbC https://t.co/TOKSYBVjgz
Remember that the "check mark" after you vote does NOT mean you got it right. That just confirms what your guess was
RT @1776Stonewall: Bonus Quiz: 1636: This Puritan leader was banished from the Massachusetts Bay Colony for pushing religious freedom, and…
@KansasKbar I don't want people learning wrong history
https://t.co/o4QItOHj00 AOC admits that the Green New Deal will make government regulate "Everything"
"It's all in the eyes Chico"
Let's play "spot the crazy lefty" https://t.co/3MySeQo220
RT @1776Stonewall: @USMC @realDonaldTrump Sadly, of the 6 men who raised the flag, 3 of them died at Iwo Jima within the next few weeks: Fr…
@USMC @realDonaldTrump Sadly, of the 6 men who raised the flag, 3 of them died at Iwo Jima within the next few weeks: Franklin Sousley, Harlon Block and Michael Strank
RT @1776Stonewall: @USMC @realDonaldTrump And that was actually the 2nd flag raised on Mount Suribachi that day. Earlier a much smaller fla…
@USMC @realDonaldTrump And that was actually the 2nd flag raised on Mount Suribachi that day. Earlier a much smaller flag was raised, but it wasn't big enough for most to see, and so they replaced it with a larger one. The iconic photograph won photographer Joe Rosenthal a Pulitzer.
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino They're all frauds. They talk about how walls don't work, while they live behind walls. Hell, Nancy even calle…
@dbongino They're all frauds. They talk about how walls don't work, while they live behind walls. Hell, Nancy even called the cops to remove the illegals that Laura Loomer brought to her home. Al Gore said the coastline would be gone, and THEN bought 3 houses on the coastline
https://t.co/HwqGTRttHt The left isn't even hiding their hatred for America anymore. There is no such thing as a Patriotic socialist
RT @1776Stonewall: @DineshDSouza These kids live terrified lives, they have been taught that their world is ending in 12 years. . . especia…
@DineshDSouza These kids live terrified lives, they have been taught that their world is ending in 12 years. . . especially if Republicans stay in power. But The Democrats realize that most people eventually grow up, which is why they want to lower the voting age to 16
RT @DineshDSouza: What struck me is how propagandized these kids are. This helps you understand the Nazi kids movements of the 1930s. Fake…
https://t.co/CXsfK9x8OB it is now being learned that Ilhan Omar traveled with an anti-American group that supports socialism in Venezuela and Cuba
@TRB_1990 The majority of those people are in a handful of states. I'd wager half of them are in California and New York alone
RT @1776Stonewall: @Deskprotestor Exactly. Socialism has failed everywhere it's been tried. Most adults understand this. The problem is the…
@Deskprotestor Exactly. Socialism has failed everywhere it's been tried. Most adults understand this. The problem is the young people don't, which is why the left is now pushing to lower the voting age to 16, because they realize that most people grow up and learn that Capitalism works
@Gunnersm87 https://t.co/k29BnnoVgk Tennessee is gaining many residents. There isn't a breakdown, however, which shows how they vote. But the truth is that blue states are losing population and Red states are gaining
RT @1776Stonewall: Recent polling showed how unpopular Socialism is in America. Just 25% support it. 53% support capitalism. And I guarante…
Recent polling showed how unpopular Socialism is in America. Just 25% support it. 53% support capitalism. And I guarantee that of that 25%, at least half don't understand what it is. just like those college students that supported the Green Deal, until they were told what it was
RT @1776Stonewall: @Eamonn5605 https://t.co/HlpIxTLJo4 actually it ranks 40th
@Eamonn5605 https://t.co/HlpIxTLJo4 actually it ranks 40th
I do like that this losers name is "Beta". So at least he admits he's a weak pathetic man. No "Alpha's" on the left. In order to be a male socialist you must snip off your manhood. . . or have a woman do it for you
RT @1776Stonewall: You realize gas prices are higher in Blue states, right? Everything is more expensive in Blue states. It's why states li…
You realize gas prices are higher in Blue states, right? Everything is more expensive in Blue states. It's why states like NY/CA are losing thousands of residents per year, and states like TX/TN are gaining hundreds of thousands. Socialism never "wins" anywhere. Always a failure https://t.co/2DEqUPYGOq
@Deskprotestor Well there's only one right answer, and the majority got both wrong, so don't feel bad. . and most of them are from America
@sweetmak Make sure you got it right. Just because a check mark appeared doesn't mean it's right. That just confirms it was your vote. I don't want anyone learning wrong history. I provide the answers when the poll is over, but you can Google them now.
@Deskprotestor Well they're tough questions, and you're not from this country, so that's perfectly understandable. I would fail on Iranian and even Canadian history too. . What were your 2 guesses?
@rhazjin Yeah I didn't even think of that, but I was just at a friends house and she took the test, got both wrong, but thought she was right on both because the check came up. So I noticed that a lot of people might think the same, which is bad, they would be learning wrong history
because a lot of people said "I got them both right", and maybe you did, but if that's the reason you think that, than you might not have
RT @1776Stonewall: I have to tell everyone, that just because a "check" appears when you vote, or your guess has the majority vote, that do…
I have to tell everyone, that just because a "check" appears when you vote, or your guess has the majority vote, that does NOT necessarily mean you got it right. The "check" simply confirms that's what you voted for. This poll does not provide the answer. I give it when it's over
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/bJY6f2qqXB There was a fantastic lecture on C-Span few years back by professor "Kevin Gooding", teaching ab…
https://t.co/cxiQPdchXn A basketball announcer was suspended for saying a player dominated a game like "King Kong". This is so out of control. The funny thing is THEY (liberal speech police) are the  racist, that you can't mention a monkey without them thinking of a black person
As you know we're now the #1 oil producer in the world, surpassing Saudi Arabia and Russia (do you think Hillary would've hurt Russia like that?) and we are now producing a whopping 12 million barrels of oil every single day. That number is up 1.7 million from this time last year
RT @RealTT2020: @RealJamesWoods @Sue85162237 The World is changing.	Can you feel it?	https://t.co/IfUyz4mOYX
Pentagon is sending another 1,000 troops to Mexican border
Core 200 member https://t.co/DKH3m0N5bL
https://t.co/p4rfX9sVsw A billboard goes up in the middle of Times Square attacking Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. It's great! Have a look
Alright, before you turn away because it's the daily show, they actually nailed this one. Jussie Smollett has become a laughing stock in liberal corners as well. Watch. Hilarious! https://t.co/GSghHBavZy
@tscottpfister https://t.co/bJY6f2qqXB You can learn right now. This lecture tells the whole story. Saw it on C-Span a few years back and it was fantastic. . . A good book by "James Warren" was "God, War, and Providence"
https://t.co/bJY6f2qqXB There was a fantastic lecture on C-Span few years back by professor "Kevin Gooding", teaching about the Puritans and religious Freedom (Which the Puritans were against). I was able to find it online. If you have time watch it. You'll learn a real lot
Bonus Quiz: 1636: This Puritan leader was banished from the Massachusetts Bay Colony for pushing religious freedom, and eventually founded the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations. What was his name?
Today's History Quiz: June 1, 1660, Massachusetts Bay Colony: A woman is hanged for "repeated offenses" defying Puritan law, which banned Quakers from the Colony. 3 others were hanged as well in what is now known as the "Boston martyrs". What was this woman's name?
Today's history quiz in 10 minutes
@marleneroseb If that's real it's worth millions. a few years ago one sold for I think 2 million and one of Billy the kid sold for 5 million
@MrAugKarl That's wonderful. Did you know that the Pinkerton's raided the James homestead and threw an incendiary device into the home, killing Jesse's younger brother, Archie, and blew off his mothers arm?
@ButchCarpenter3 butch cassidy
@D_Meledie Zerelda Mimms was also Jesse's first cousin. They had 2 children, and a pair of twins that died during infancy.
@D_Meledie Jesses wife's names was Zerelda Mimms. Ironically Zerelda was also his moms name. Little known fact is that during a Pinkerton raid, agents threw an incendiary devise into the home, killing Jesse's younger brother and blew off the arm of his mother . Franks wife's name was Annie
@DesmodoodMike absolutely
@MartyGlo7 Very close and similar. I love Strain, but this one is actually Mort Kunstler
@MarkJDietl https://t.co/0l1oTfWoCz well even on the actual site targeting us, I'm on the top row. . I honestly don't care. It's just a joke
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/vb6zyEoBDT And watch the great Charlton Heston talk about abortion, and the media hiding the truth of it. W…
https://t.co/vb6zyEoBDT And watch the great Charlton Heston talk about abortion, and the media hiding the truth of it. Watch this!
https://t.co/I4teRzHmLF Ronald Reagan talking about ending federal aid for abortion
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews Rent Free!!
@BreitbartNews Rent Free!!
@kickthestand 13 years! . . And thank you
@armsnana @gogorep you can get it online. Did you miss any episodes? I think the season in over now
@PatrickJam1 What did they say?
@CynthiaRunnels1 very. You watched a documentary on it?
RT @1776Stonewall: @Marilynj5858 @RealJamesWoods @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @SebGorka @BillOReilly @mitchellvii @DineshDSouza That's not w…
@Marilynj5858 @RealJamesWoods @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @SebGorka @BillOReilly @mitchellvii @DineshDSouza That's not what I mean. I mean Hillary and Politico targeting the 200 accounts, including myself, trying to get us kicked of Twitter. It would be nice if they helped expose what they were doing. And those people barely, if ever, retweet anything anyone says.
@yugeiftrue1 It would appear so. . . Dog people
RT @1776Stonewall: Would be nice if some of the verified people on the right would help us out - people like @RealJamesWoods, @seanhannity,…
Would be nice if some of the verified people on the right would help us out - people like @RealJamesWoods, @seanhannity, @IngrahamAngle, @SebGorka, @BillOReilly, and so on. . Not sure if @mitchellvii has said anything? My man @DineshDSouza sometimes does. He's a good man
Proud to say that out of the 200, I'm actually #1. lol. . not really funny,but what the hell
@mjdallasblue Thank you. I appreciate that
@netwrkguy @JamesGillen5 Really great kid. Shame he didn't get to know his father, but he's following in his footsteps and Steve's old friends are now teaching him everything 	steve taught them
@samuelmarney @peta No, I haven't
@jeffreydirck twice today. lol
@number1shred Yeah she's very cute
@JamesGillen5 And his son is just like him. The kid is only 14 and is so knowledgeable on nature. He's a hard working kid too. He'll take over the zoo when he's older
RT @1776Stonewall: Matter fact right now I'm watching a terrific documentary on Alexander Hamilton called, "Building America". I'd recommen…
Matter fact right now I'm watching a terrific documentary on Alexander Hamilton called, "Building America". I'd recommend it if you see it on again, or get it online
all I really watch on TV is politics, History shows and Animal shows. . don't really care for anything fiction (which is why I'm not a liberal. lol)
You know I'm an animal lover and was a huge Steve Irwin fan. Today (technically yesterday now) would've been his 57th birthday. He was a great man. And I do watch the Show "Crikey, it's the Irwins", his family's show on Animals Planet about "Australia Zoo". Great show. Great man!
RT @sswatson1776: @1776Stonewall https://t.co/9OFwCrMnLM
I'm sure the left will find a way to convince people it's just something that super smart people do. Remember Obama stuttered a lot, so the left felt the need to defend that and called it an "intellectual stammer", that his brain was moving so fast that his mouth couldn't keep up
https://t.co/JwY71RgJBk Dianne Feinstein got into an argument with elementary school kids trying to persuade her to vote for the new green deal. . See this is so sad, these poor kids actually believe their world is ending and are begging politicians to save it. Indoctrination!
That's what ignorant teenagers sound like. It's a "filler" word used when you really don't know what you're talking about, trying to explain something
Ever notice that AOC uses the word "like" in every other word. "Like we like need to like stop eating like hamburgers for breakfast, lunch and like dinner"
RT @lawyerfortruth: @1776Stonewall @DougieFreshii Look at Q drop 2880--list of accounts being targeted and Stonewall is the first one liste…
RT @1776Stonewall: The left is actually still claiming Smollett is innocent and was actually attacked. . even with the Nigerian brothers ad…
The left is actually still claiming Smollett is innocent and was actually attacked. . even with the Nigerian brothers admitted it, admitting he paid them, and the fact that they're on camera buying the supplies for the staged attack. . This is why they are considered fake news https://t.co/Al7UxSImpM
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's History Quiz: During the U.S. Civil War, a teenage Jesse James fought for the Confederacy as an elite Guerrilla…
RT @1776Stonewall: Politico once accused me as being the "Russian Bot" who helped start the "release the memo" hashtag in 2018. . Read this…
I heard I was on a Q drop today. Thanks everyone for looking out. I know I'm being targeted. And as I told my followers before, Politico has been going after me for years. I know Hillary Clinton and Rachel Maddow are also targeting me and the "core 200". Thanks for the backup
@DM_BFR Thank you. She was a good girl
More insanity: Ocasio-Cortez Talks About Regulating HAMBURGERS On Liberal TV Show [Watch] https://t.co/TLTGJWqqZ9
https://t.co/klXf3gJJnR You'll never believe what Zach Stafford, the editor-in-chief of LGBTQ magazine "The Advocate", is saying about the Jussie Smollett case. . forget that the Nigerian brothers admitted it and are on camera buying the supplies. Look at this
@HelveTica14 I heard it, haven't been able to confirm
RT @1776Stonewall: we're in 2019 and the left feels the urgency to pass an "Anti Lynching" bill? Yes, we must stop the epidemic of all thes…
we're in 2019 and the left feels the urgency to pass an "Anti Lynching" bill? Yes, we must stop the epidemic of all these lynchings. And I'm with Kamala, I too believe that lynching someone should be a crime. I'll sign that bill.
As pointed out, Kamala was in the process of trying to pass an "Anti Lynching" bill, and has campaigned with Jussie at rallies. So if he wasn't discovered, then her bill, which was having difficulties passing, would surely pass then. Too coincidental for my taste
If Kamala Harris was part of the Jussie Smollett hoax, that will come to light. I believe that it was a Democrat, possibly Harris, that released the Bar registration of Elizabeth Warren. Perhaps Warren would like to retaliate? Let's just sit back and watch them destroy themselves
RT @1776Stonewall: The reason why the left is panicking  is because the media is the ONLY reason why the left even still exists. The media…
The reason why the left is panicking  is because the media is the ONLY reason why the left even still exists. The media covers their scandals and projects them on the right. Tom Brokaw even said that Obama was the first "Scandal Free" president! In truth he had the most scandals
RT @1776Stonewall: People used to trust media, even though they were full blown leftists. People didn't know Walter Cronkite was a big lib.…
People used to trust media, even though they were full blown leftists. People didn't know Walter Cronkite was a big lib. Now no one does. Recent polling shows that 92% of Conservatives believe the media deliberately lies to them, 79% of independents and even 53% of Democrats https://t.co/InlMYRiL2L
Reason why the media is attacking me and the other 199 is because they're losing their power. Leftist media used to have 100% control over how people received news. Then Rush came around in 1988, FOX in 1996, but now with Social media their power is diminishing before their eyes
@AnonSentByQ thank you
https://t.co/s2n2kvOof4 Over 200,000 Americans Sign Petition Against Robert Mueller; “Stop Wasting Our Tax Dollars!” . Mueller honestly needs to go to jail, for life. He's one of the biggest criminals in the country
RT @1776Stonewall: And here's where Trump won https://t.co/xeFqyepXec
And here's where Trump won https://t.co/xeFqyepXec
RT @1776Stonewall: And remember that O'keefe infiltrated CNN and got them on camera admitting they get orders from the top (jeff zucker) to…
And remember that O'keefe infiltrated CNN and got them on camera admitting they get orders from the top (jeff zucker) to smear Trump. And CNN trying to do some Damage Control said that O'keefe is "discredited". Discredited? You're on fucking camera! it's your employees saying it
RT @1776Stonewall: And yet this group naming me as one of the "core 200" pushing "disinformation" used this as an example of the lies I tel…
And yet this group naming me as one of the "core 200" pushing "disinformation" used this as an example of the lies I tell. . . And it's literally on video that I'm telling the truth
They were even paying homeless people to cause violence at Trump rallies. They would dress them up, give them scripts to rehearse. They even advertised for people to participate
RT @1776Stonewall: Members of the Foval group were fired for this, so that was an admission of guilt, because they were caught and had to r…
Members of the Foval group were fired for this, so that was an admission of guilt, because they were caught and had to react. . This was ran by a man named "Robert Creamer". Creamer does the Dems dirty work and is shown on the visitor roles at the Obama white house over 300 times
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/WiOA0pEWtN here's the video of the DNC operatives caught on camera saying they incite violence  and riots a…
https://t.co/WiOA0pEWtN here's the video of the DNC operatives caught on camera saying they incite violence  and riots at Trump rallies, and then the media "reports" about all the violence at Trump rallies, trying to paint us as crazy violent thugs. Watch
@Dad_OnDuty Yeah, I guess my cats are robots as well
RT @1776Stonewall: And because Hillary is going after me, let me just tweak her a little with this reminder. . This is where she won in 201…
And because Hillary is going after me, let me just tweak her a little with this reminder. . This is where she won in 2016. she won fewer than 500 counties. Trump won over 2600 counties. Trump won roughly 85% of the American counties. The left is just a coastal party, at best https://t.co/hfxbont9NH
RT @1776Stonewall: They've used some of my tweets as examples of "disinformation" and the funny thing is that the ones they used are litera…
They've used some of my tweets as examples of "disinformation" and the funny thing is that the ones they used are literally on camera, having video evidence. . like this one for instance .. . They said this is fake news, disinformation. This is literally on camera https://t.co/Ven1eqkCAZ
Politico once accused me as being the "Russian Bot" who helped start the "release the memo" hashtag in 2018. . Read this insanity, here's a clip https://t.co/8Ls4fza0BH
Everyone sending me DM's telling me I'm listed on the smear campaign of the "200 influencers" pushing "disinformation" to take out 2020 Democrat candidates. I know. Hillary Clinton and Rachel Madcow are pushing that and Politico. Politico has been going after me for a while . . .
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/VHDHRpriAv Great news! Trump targeting Planned Parenthood (oxymoron, by the way). . costs them $286 million
RT @1776Stonewall: Watch President Trump answer a question asking if he'll veto a resolution to block border funding. . . (And say hello to…
https://t.co/VHDHRpriAv Great news! Trump targeting Planned Parenthood (oxymoron, by the way). . costs them $286 million
Watch President Trump answer a question asking if he'll veto a resolution to block border funding. . . (And say hello to Pontiac) https://t.co/Yi6jfjyG64
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews and then she grinded a random penis
@BreitbartNews and then she grinded a random penis
@LoeWEarl There's no doubt in my mind he would've allowed 2 random people to take the fall
@Deskprotestor Exactly. And all these people who hate Trump, hate his supporters, all hate him and us over total lies. Everything they hate the man for isn't a real reason, simply lies that they have been spoon fed by the corrupt media - enemy of the people
@Scottinmaine1 daily
@thomas_mulford @fiftyblossom love it
@thomas_mulford that's beautiful
RT @1776Stonewall: So if Smollett wasn't caught, there might have been more staged "lynchings" across America. These are the desperate meas…
So if Smollett wasn't caught, there might have been more staged "lynchings" across America. These are the desperate measures the left has resorted to in an effort to take out Trump, because all of their other efforts have failed, especially as word has it that Mueller has nothing
Trade talks with China going very well, says President Trump. . Stock market nearing record highs. Now would be the time to buy, people. Once this deal is made, it will shoot up instantly
https://t.co/Z8ppJDS8SG  JUST IN: ‘Empire’ Finally Drops The Hammer Of Justice On Jussie Smollett
https://t.co/ZWIItjMQeL Was Kamala Harris in on Jussie Smollett hoax? coincidence that she just issued "Anti Lynching" bill beforehand that she was trying to get passed? I mean an "Anti Lynching" bill in 2019? Then someone is almost lynched? And she was 1 of the 1st to respond
@Jtrevvett It does. Later in life I know he liked to use a 45 Smith &amp; Wesson Schofield revolver, but he was a master at an array of guns
RT @1776Stonewall: The popular form of photography in the 1860's was "Tintype". A direct positive would be applied to a sheet of metal, the…
The popular form of photography in the 1860's was "Tintype". A direct positive would be applied to a sheet of metal, then coated with a lacquer. Photography was still in its adolescence and to have 1 was a cherished item. Here's a video creating a tintype https://t.co/oCLlCaBm0v
@Torchie123 That means you also get half right. . And you're learning the other half, so it's perfect
RT @1776Stonewall: photo of a young Jesse James during the Civil War, while serving for this guerrilla band. Jesse hated the North for the…
photo of a young Jesse James during the Civil War, while serving for this guerrilla band. Jesse hated the North for the remainder of his life, and was hailed as a hero in the South. Creator and writer of the Kansas City Times, John Newman Edwards, helped make Jesse a folk hero https://t.co/mSuZDBsZeG
You might remember a reference to this man/band in "The Outlaw Josey Wales"
I'll give a follow up question, without multiple choice: When the leader of this guerrilla band was killed, who took over in charge?
@VerdadyJustic12 What was your guess?
RT @1776Stonewall: @man007_b They both did https://t.co/CWzco469B7
@R7dotcom @man007_b Yeah, it's actually where Frank and Jesse met the "Younger" brothers, while fighting for this guerrilla band. Eventually they'd form the "James/Younger Gang"
@man007_b They both did https://t.co/CWzco469B7
Today's History Quiz: During the U.S. Civil War, a teenage Jesse James fought for the Confederacy as an elite Guerrilla fighter under what legendary Guerrilla unit?
@Wyatt_Earp_II that was in 2018, but you're right
@galilaya2 Of course. The left NEVER says anything untrue about Republican candidates
@5forfighting That's really funny that you just said that. The one that died yesterday, was supposedly part Russian Blue. I got her from outside, she was abandoned, and when I first brought her in for her shots, they told me she was part Russian blue
@dented_halo I suppose I should start teaching Soviet history. . . I'll have a quiz question up in a few minutes, by the way
RT @BoodgeThe: @1776Stonewall Creamer spent 5 months in federal prison back in 2006 for a "$2.3 million bank fraud.Robert Creamer showed up…
The incredible thing is that Hillary and the DNC actually DID collude with Russia, paying 12 million to a foreign spy to obtain Russian propaganda to use to get a FISA warrant to spy on Trump. And they sold Russia 20% of our uranium for crying out loud. It doesn't get any worse
Politico has been going after me for 2 years. in 2018 they claimed that I was the "Russian Bot" who started the "Release the memo" hashtag. . . I was one of the ones who started that hashtag, but I'm not a "bot" by any means. . Here's a clip from that 2018 politico "story" https://t.co/7eLauHAyaO
RT @1776Stonewall: They selected many of my tweets as fake news propaganda, and yet every word of this tweet, and the other tweets are 100%…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/1VAeU9FkhH This group, Promoted by politico have named the "200 influencer accounts" spreading "disinformat…
They selected many of my tweets as fake news propaganda, and yet every word of this tweet, and the other tweets are 100% true. Project veritas DID expose this. This was ADMITTED to on camera by Robert Creamer. Members of the Foval Group were fired over this
https://t.co/1VAeU9FkhH This group, Promoted by politico have named the "200 influencer accounts" spreading "disinformation", going after 2020 Dem nominees, includes myself. . Here's just one example of MY "disinformation" tweets they selected as propaganda. . And it's 100% True! https://t.co/s5P0XhPxWO
This is great! https://t.co/A7N1giqxRu
https://t.co/69kY68196O  PATHETIC! Smollett Has A New Excuse For His Hoax, And It’s A Doozy
@BenBecker0828 she looked just like that Red one
@JohnAyr12294351 Thank you, John
@piddler1 So sorry to hear that
@libertyladyusa Thank you
@Christeenm75 @RealJude830 Cherokee (Cherri) is having surgery Tuesday to remove a lump and will have a biopsy
@FelineAdvoCat Thank you
@stillwaters777 Exactly. They are my children
@elprofedeingles Sorry to hear that
RT @1776Stonewall: Look what this asshole DM'd me. . My cat just died today. I'm not allowed to mention that? Sorry if I stopped talking po…
@crysdale @Torchie123 Fox Business has Varney (that's my favorite morning show), Charles Payne is great, Lou Dobbs is arguably the best show on either Fox or Fox business, Trish is good. And Fox News you got Tucker, Hannity and Laura. Saturday you got Gutfeld, Jeanine and Waters, and Levin on Sunday
@crysdale @Torchie123 FOX has on too many liberals for a lot of people's taste, and it's not as good as it was back in the Roger Ailes days, but there's still great talent on FOX. However Fox Business is better than Fox News during the day, then switch to Fox News once Tucker starts
Great moment on Laura Ingraham with Henry Davis and Bruce levell about how great President Trump has been for the black community https://t.co/xCE0YaaZET
https://t.co/CmFbHSkBbS Dem Rep. Tells Bernie To TAKE A HIKE, Says Socialist Should NOT Run As A Democrat [Watch]
https://t.co/ddJKllCRqr HERE WE GO: Bernie And Schumer Hatch Plan To KILL Trump’s Booming Stock Market (Details)
It's amazing how these leftist news morons are so hesitant to admit Smollett is lying, even STILL. Juan Williams kept using the word "If" it's a hoax, and Richard Fowler kept saying that too and was so reluctant to admit what is so clear, and Don Lemon isn't even blaming him
I think "anchor" is the perfect description for Don Lemon, because she, more than anyone else, is holding that CNN ship down
REALLY? CNN Removes Blame From Smollett; "Not His Fault" For Orchestrating Hoax https://t.co/tVPZmxrDA2
RT @92cherrybomb: @1776Stonewall The Man..	The Legend..	The Bearer of Truth..	@1776Stonewall
@StillWaters60 thank you
RT @1776Stonewall: Follow Up Quiz Question: Who was the British Officer that commanded the British troops at the Battle of Bunker Hill?
@rewindpulaski1 He was a disaster in so many ways. Him recusing himself on day one is what started the Mueller witch hunt, then he wasted 2 years of our time, while half the country was fed, and believed lies about Trump, and he gave up his alabama Senate seat, which we lost to Doug Jones
@garryjcarlson He was a complete waste of space. And he's destroyed his entire legacy. He'll forever be remembered as the most feckless AG in American history
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's History Quiz: June 17, 1775 Boston: Battle of Bunker Hill: Though considered a British victory, the Brits took h…
https://t.co/y28MDDJPPn AG Barr to announce the end of the Mueller probe. . See how easy that was, Jeff Sessions?
RT @1776Stonewall: The leftist media is terrified. They used to have full control over telling people the "news". As Mika Brzezinski once s…
The leftist media is terrified. They used to have full control over telling people the "news". As Mika Brzezinski once said "It's our job to tell you how to think". Now with Social media, normal people like myself can get the (real) news out there just as easily. And they HATE it
RT @1776Stonewall: 2nd Follow Up Quiz Question: Who was the Commanding Officer of the American forces at Bunker Hill?
@suikodudeman whatever works. lol
@FCIrish51 Very good! Well done
@roccoc81 Good job. . . and thank you
@dc3246 You'd think I'd be having you watch documentaries on Vladimir Lenin instead
@Ryan_VanSickle Thank you, Ryan
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/v68Hw1v2Gg look everyone: Politico attacking me, again. naming me as 1 of the top "influencers" going after…
RT @1776Stonewall: I mean look at this bullshit they're saying about me, and the other 199 accounts. It's hilarious. They don't understand…
I mean look at this bullshit they're saying about me, and the other 199 accounts. It's hilarious. They don't understand how I've been so effective? Maybe because I'm actually telling people the truth about you losers, perhaps? And they go on and on with just absolute insanity https://t.co/dEwA9uK85h
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/1VAeU9FkhH Here they are naming the core 200 Russian bots, including myself, pushing disinformation and lyi…
https://t.co/1VAeU9FkhH Here they are naming the core 200 Russian bots, including myself, pushing disinformation and lying about everything. . Sorry, Politico, I've had hundreds of lefties try and take me on, and I've proven each and every one of my tweets to be factual
https://t.co/EbEsPTtGbC Here was them going after me in 2018
https://t.co/v68Hw1v2Gg look everyone: Politico attacking me, again. naming me as 1 of the top "influencers" going after Dems in 2020. Politico also went after me in 2018, said I was the "Russian Bot" who started "Release the memo" hashtag. Hillary/Maddow are pushing this article
Look what this asshole DM'd me. . My cat just died today. I'm not allowed to mention that? Sorry if I stopped talking politics for 3 hours https://t.co/hcLBFTHaGq
https://t.co/yEs3rqLTzj Watch: Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Jackson goes OFF on Jussie Smollett! He nails this! Watch what he says about the attention this story has gotten
2nd Follow Up Quiz Question: Who was the Commanding Officer of the American forces at Bunker Hill?
Follow Up Quiz Question: Who was the British Officer that commanded the British troops at the Battle of Bunker Hill?
Today's History Quiz: June 17, 1775 Boston: Battle of Bunker Hill: Though considered a British victory, the Brits took heavy loses, over 1,000 casualties and 19 officers killed. But it mostly wasn't fought on Bunker Hill, but rather an adjacent hill. Where was it actually fought?
@IncPerson Yes, as a matter of fact Stonewall Jackson took it to himself to open up a school for blacks - both freed and slave. He taught them to read and write, taught them math and science . The townsfolk weren't too happy with him, but he did it anyway
RT @1776Stonewall: Ready for next history Quiz?
Ready for next history Quiz?
@IncPerson Thank you. I'm a huge history buff and enjoy teaching history. . . i just don't get paid for it. lol
https://t.co/21sHOW4C7c and here's a more in depth lecture of what happened. This is all you need to know abut the assassination of the Archduke
https://t.co/HfYXKjcmdV Here's a quick video of what happened. Enjoy
RT @1776Stonewall: Congrats! 88% of you got the first Quiz question right, and 46% got the follow up quiz question right. Well done. . Arch…
Congrats! 88% of you got the first Quiz question right, and 46% got the follow up quiz question right. Well done. . Archduke Franz Ferdinand is the correct answer to question 1, and Gavrilo Princip is the correct answer to part 2
https://t.co/T3kMQyls43 You'll never believe Jussie Smolletts "reasoning" behind his idiotic hoax
@mturnersc @gofundme I've always had a lot of cats my whole life. I'm used to it. They are all well taken care of and all very happy
@Rabidcow1 @gofundme I'm sorry to hear that. That's terrible. And isn't it disgusting what these vets charge for basically doing nothing? They charged me around $2,000 basically just to tell me there was nothing they can do
@JoLissa13 Wasn't she? Thank you! and such a good cat. The perfect pet. She was my best behaved cat by far
@UlyssesHoffman3 thank you
@RoboMunch that's awful! I'm so sorry. A one year old cat?
@Rabidcow1 @gofundme All the indoor ones have all been tested. And Sioux will be tested before coming in
RT @1776Stonewall: @gofundme You all know what happened this morning, with my cat SUGAR passing away, and most of you know that I care for…
@gofundme You all know what happened this morning, with my cat SUGAR passing away, and most of you know that I care for many outdoor cats as well. All of my indoor cats came from outside. . Now I'll be taking another one in shortly, after things settle down a bit. . . Meet "Sioux" https://t.co/y6ZBYxFS96
RT @1776Stonewall: This is both bad and good news, but Sugar had a heart attack shortly before she was to be put down, so it made that deci…
This is both bad and good news, but Sugar had a heart attack shortly before she was to be put down, so it made that decision much easier. I'd hate to have put her to sleep if she was still awake and aware. Her having a heart attack made the decision a no-brainer
Now I have the kitten to worry about. She's going in for an operation this week. She had a lump on her side, so that's being removed and a biopsy will be done.  Amazing how you can go years without anything serious happening, and then everything collapses at once
RT @1776Stonewall: Thank you, everyone, for the condolences and prayers. This really came out of nowhere. I had just seen her in the litter…
Thank you, everyone, for the condolences and prayers. This really came out of nowhere. I had just seen her in the litter box, then I went upstairs, came back 10 minutes later and she was lying in the basement almost dead, rushed her to Emergency room, and you know the rest
RT @1776Stonewall: Doesn't appear there's anything they can do for Sugar. So I just paid, when it's all said and done, over $2,000 for my c…
Doesn't appear there's anything they can do for Sugar. So I just paid, when it's all said and done, over $2,000 for my cat to die. What a racket these vets have going
@Joeovert GORGEOUS!
@csparrow24 Thank you, MJ. and you might be right. Matter of fact the Vet touched on that
RT @1776Stonewall: This is Sugar. Such a great cat. Out of all my cats, she's the best behaved. Never had a problem. Got her 12-13 years ag…
This is Sugar. Such a great cat. Out of all my cats, she's the best behaved. Never had a problem. Got her 12-13 years ago (she's about 15). She was abandoned. used to come to come by with a collar on, I'd go outside to play with her. One day her collar was off and I took her in. https://t.co/uOLOKteeLL
https://t.co/ShjRSD89A5 WOW! Kamala Harris' father “dissociates” himself from her, has EXTREMELY harsh words for her. Says  that his daughter is trafficking in “identity politics". . You won't believe what he said about her. Look here
He'll fess up eventually, if he hasn't already. He's a mentally weak individual, one of the weakest I've ever seen. He deserves some pretty hard time. He doesn't need "help", which is what some on the left are saying. And even if he did, prison is the place to help him
Well that's good. He wasted hundreds of hours of police time, going from store to store, camera to camera, looking through footage. Wasted FBI's time, had to send hazmat team for the fake powder he sent himself. . And this is in Chicago where the Cops time is VERY important
I'm sitting in the waiting room at the Animal Hospital,trying to catch up on news this morning - Did I hear that Jussie Smollett was arrested? Once I get settled, I'll be back on top of things
@kmc1230 Thank you both
RT @1776Stonewall: As you can see I'm doing everything in my power to help her. The outlook doesn't appear so good, but I can't just do not…
As you can see I'm doing everything in my power to help her. The outlook doesn't appear so good, but I can't just do nothing. And, as some of you know, I have a kitten going in for an operation this week  to remove a lump and have a biopsy. What a week https://t.co/UGBpgPvWmv
RT @1776Stonewall: I'm sitting in the Animal Hospital, waiting for news of my cat, "Sugar". This morning I woke to find her nearly dead, to…
I'm sitting in the Animal Hospital, waiting for news of my cat, "Sugar". This morning I woke to find her nearly dead, tongue hanging out, panting, throwing up. Rushed to ER, they say she has a low pulse, gums pale. Shes about 15 and has never really been sick. Say prayers for her
RT @1776Stonewall: CNN didn't tell you about Stefan Halper? Even Clapper admits it, said it was for Trumps "own good" then Behar said Trump…
@b1gbud4 The only reason the left even exists is because of the media. The media brainwashing, propaganda and the media covering up all the left's crimes and scandals. I mean Obama had more scandals than any president ever, yet Tom Brokaw calls him the only "Scandal free president" lol
@b1gbud4 She said she shut her blinds, shut her lights, that she didn't want what happened to him to happen to her. And she was at the hospital. Then when the book dropped she switched her entire story. This is what I mean, all of this has been admitted to. There's no debating any of this
@b1gbud4 Of course And the DNC refused to hand over the server to the FBI and Mueller hasn't even asked to look at it. Julian Assange admitted it was Rich, and Donna Brazille basically admitted it was Rich - wrote it in her book that she stayed awake at night, scared that she was next
@jmosgr He asked for proof, then someone provided him with a link, so he then attacked the link. Typical lefty. . Even James Clapper admitted this all on The View. Truth is that these people are so brain dead that there just is no saving them. i've tried many times. They're too far gone
And Halper was just one of  a few. The FBI admits to having informants in the Trump campaign. See unless CNN tells them, they won't believe it. And even if they did they wouldn't. Like When Bob Woodward admitted he found no collusion. They ignored that  https://t.co/weNXyyY9HW
@StevenJayWright @KGlikes8645 These people love being lied to. This is why it's a waste of time to even talk to them. They pretend to want proof, and then when you give it to them, they fight it. I mean Clapper himself even admitted this on "The View". This isn't even denied by the left anymore
CNN didn't tell you about Stefan Halper? Even Clapper admits it, said it was for Trumps "own good" then Behar said Trump should've "thanked him for it". Set up meeting with Popodopolous in London to plant idea of Russia having Hillary emails, which was used to obtain FISA warrant https://t.co/AcXyxaV8ri
RT @1776Stonewall: Then again it's true that he is suffering from a severe case of TDS. And what he did is no different than what Obama did…
Then again it's true that he is suffering from a severe case of TDS. And what he did is no different than what Obama did himself, infiltrating Trump campaign with moles to frame Trump them with colluding with Russia. Or Bob Creamer paying homeless to start fights at Trump rallies
When the media was proven to have advanced the phony Duke Lacrosse scandal, they spun out of accepting blame by pivoting to the mental problems of the accuser, Crystal Gail Mangum. They use that same trick every time, and they are now using it with Jussie Smollett. Don't buy it!
@RealSaavedra @AdamSchiff Yeah, advancing a proven phony hoax has never been an issue for him before. Is it because Jussie is black? I would say Adam has a problem with gay people, but I think that's been proven to not be the case
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump So we've built a wall in California, Arizona, Texas and  New Mexico. And they're all working beautifully
@realDonaldTrump So we've built a wall in California, Arizona, Texas and  New Mexico. And they're all working beautifully
only*
And while trying to show that we're evil deranged people, they actually proved exact opposite- they are the deranged, morally fucked up ones. I mean they even put, not on spies, but people in the Trump campaign to frame them on Russian collusion. . While THEY colluded with Russia
RT @1776Stonewall: Remember Project Veritas exposed the left was paying people, even homeless, to go to trump rallies and start riots, in a…
https://t.co/HfYXKjcmdV Here's a quick little video that depicts the story of the Assassination that sparked the Great War (World War I)
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/9X86uDeCgt Now that this poll is closing, about 32% got this question right. . . Here's a short video to te…
RT @1776Stonewall: Nicholas Sandmanns lawyer, Lin Wood, has a clear-cut case here against the media for smearing and attacking and lying ab…
https://t.co/3ZMHvMSIe8 Trump Announces Decision On Whether Alabama ISIS Bride Can or Can Not Return To USA
Nicholas Sandmanns lawyer, Lin Wood, has a clear-cut case here against the media for smearing and attacking and lying about this innocent child. This is all lies, every word of it. Watch this. . . AND say hello to my cat "Apache" (Coincidentally lol) https://t.co/rX02NKlxyI
@cfmbetricky2 McMeekin is as good as an eyewitness, that's how knowledgeable he is on the subject. CSPAN has some incredible lectures like this on an array of topics. They also have history courses in universities. you actually sit class, basically, as they teach a room of students
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/UOLaqImh2F  Check this out: 1985 video of Bernie Sanders praising the Communist Castro regime in Cuba and a…
RT @1776Stonewall: @KatiePavlich there was like a quarter inch of snow on the ground. . That's a leftist beta male for you though
@KatiePavlich there was like a quarter inch of snow on the ground. . That's a leftist beta male for you though
https://t.co/Pm4EBcQpnS  Trump ahead of schedule, as always
@TyeTazz You'll enjoy this. It's highly informative. . . And thank you
Amazing how obvious this was, yet I had dozens of "debates" with leftists who refused to see the obvious truth. They called me all sorts of names, as they always do, and as always I was, we were, proven right. How many times must they make asses of themselves before they wake up?
https://t.co/fC1ozvctZC Jussie Smollett charged by police, and also faces Federal charges by FBI
It can't be any more clear, the left is the Anti-America party. you can't possibly follow politics and not understand that. If you are a leftist who actually likes your country, you need to know who exactly you're voting for. The party of JFK, and even Bill Clinton, are long gone
https://t.co/UOLaqImh2F  Check this out: 1985 video of Bernie Sanders praising the Communist Castro regime in Cuba and admitting on camera that he traveled to Nicaragua to advise the Ortega regime on how to successfully fight the United States.
@cfmbetricky2 Good! That's why I'm doing these. . If you want to learn more about this, check this out https://t.co/Dp4M0ftu5k Best lecture on the subject I've ever seen
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/Dp4M0ftu5k If you would like to learn more about this story, this is the best lecture I've ever seen on the…
https://t.co/Dp4M0ftu5k If you would like to learn more about this story, this is the best lecture I've ever seen on the subject. Sean McMeekin is perhaps the most knowledgeable person on this topic. Check this out if you are interested
@TyeTazz https://t.co/Dp4M0ftu5k I sent this to John before, but this might help with your term paper. It is the best lecture on this even I've ever seen
RT @1776Stonewall: Today you get a follow up quiz: Name me the Assassin of the correct answer above:
Remember Project Veritas exposed the left was paying people, even homeless, to go to trump rallies and start riots, in an attempt to make Trump supporters look violent. Same as Jussie. If Trump and his supporters are so bad, why does the left have to pull these stunts and lie?
https://t.co/LF2xMuZaQt Jussie Smollett once lied to cops that he was his brother in a DUI arrest
https://t.co/gtRKvb6l1n BREAKING VIDEO: Nigerian Brothers Caught ON CAMERA Buying Items Used In “Attack”
RT @The_Taxdude: @1776Stonewall Don’t overlook the fact that the hate letter Jussie sent himself had white powder in it, prompting a HAZMAT…
RT @CharlieDeMar: My colleague @vincefloress who is at courthouse says  brothers and their attorney walked into Grand Jury room at 3:46. @c…
If Jussie was successful there would've been recordings of men in MAGA hats attempting to lynch a gay black man. It would've set riots all over America and the media would've ran with it, adding logs to the fire and would've created a huge problem in this country. must go to jail
RT @1776Stonewall: Reminds me of a story A few years ago where a fireman set a house on fire, with a family of 6 inside, the plan was that…
Reminds me of a story A few years ago where a fireman set a house on fire, with a family of 6 inside, the plan was that he'd swoop to the rescue and douse the flames, and would be hailed as a hero in the news. . But he ended up killing the entire family.
Jussie Smollett wrote himself a hate letter and when that didn't make a big enough splash, he decided to up the ante. He actually staged an attack, but the camera where the "attack" occurred happened to be facing the wrong way and didn't record it. . He's now under investigation
And like I said before everyone on the left is now sending word that it's going to be a very disappointing report, James Clapper just said that it's going to be anti-climactic
There are now a lot of sources saying that Mueller's anal probe is now over. If true, is it a coincidence that Barr was just confirmed this week? Normally I don't believe in coincidences.
Lin Wood is about to be on Hannity. He's the lawyer who is hired for Nicholas Sandmann and now suing the Washington Post and others in the media for going after and attacking a child
Not even Al Sharpton can defend  jussie Smollett anymore https://t.co/VPxRf4jklF
RT @1776Stonewall: That's a big if, of course, but if that is the case it is coincidental
RT @1776Stonewall: Rush Limbaugh just said, that if this is true, that Mueller is ending his investigation, that it does seem that perhaps…
That's a big if, of course, but if that is the case it is coincidental
Rush Limbaugh just said, that if this is true, that Mueller is ending his investigation, that it does seem that perhaps William Barr went in there and did what sessions should have done months ago, and read Mueller the Riot Act, told him to wrap it up.
Ocasio-Cortez Claims Americans Support Socialism, Melania Just Dropped A TRUTH BOMB https://t.co/vB7Oyajo3q
RT @1776Stonewall: Many people in the media, including Chris Cuomo a couple of weeks ago, has warned people to lower their expectations of…
Many people in the media, including Chris Cuomo a couple of weeks ago, has warned people to lower their expectations of what is or isn't in the report. In Truth they have gotten direct word from the Mueller team that there is nothing there and are trying to lessen the blow
RT @1776Stonewall: Everyone with inside information is warning of a nothingburger report. James Clapper just announced that the report migh…
Everyone with inside information is warning of a nothingburger report. James Clapper just announced that the report might be anti-climactic, with no clear answers of what might have happened. Adam Schiff has taken to attacking the Mueller investigation, calling it inadequate
CNN is reporting that Mueller will announce the end of his Witch Hunt this week and release a report as early as next week. Of course CNN is fake news, but let's not forget that they are in Direct Communications with the Mueller team, as proven with the stone raid
@ChrisLYanksFan @BreitbartNews If you could take a picture of that that would be great. I'd like to post it as an example. DM it to me if you can
@BreitbartNews "150 million people will die, and there's nothing we can do about it". . The funny thing is that the left always talks about "conservative fear tactics". . You idiots are telling everyone that the world is ending, Millions will die. We can't possibly top that
We are all going to die! Global Warming Prophesy: 100 Million Climate Refugees by 2050. . . But wait? I thought we only had 12 years left? Is my math off? https://t.co/Vkm2njmPRr via @BreitbartNews
@dbongino From*
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino Does she mean the country that was built on racism and white supremacy? Because that's what I hear for the lef…
@dbongino Does she mean the country that was built on racism and white supremacy? Because that's what I hear for the left all the time
WOW: Two Big-Time Barack Obama Donors Were Just Arrested By ICE https://t.co/cQkAMgjVzA
Bipolar McCain Calls Out Liar McCabe To His FACE; 	This time she gets it right. Watch https://t.co/xcY6kQ96Cy
LOL: Trump Takes Back $1 Billion From California, And Dems Are MAD AS HELL https://t.co/khX5W6jADz
@LibertySings Thank you. . And good job
https://t.co/9X86uDeCgt Now that this poll is closing, about 32% got this question right. . . Here's a short video to teach you a little more on the subject. Enjoy
Today you get a follow up quiz: Name me the Assassin of the correct answer above:
Today's History Quiz: Who was assassinated in 1914 to spark World War I?
RT @1776Stonewall: What you see in Venezuela is not Socialism not working, it's actually a perfect example of it working flawlessly
What you see in Venezuela is not Socialism not working, it's actually a perfect example of it working flawlessly
The problem with Socialism is not that it doesn't work, but rather that it works flawlessly. It's designed to fail
RT @1776Stonewall: You have to watch this. This leftist, Brian Moore it's on Laura Ingraham pushing socialism, and Laura actually gets this…
RT @1776Stonewall: @DonaldJTrumpJr Now the letter of the law is the only one he has to worry about
@DonaldJTrumpJr Now the letter of the law is the only one he has to worry about
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: OMG he faked the letter too??? I’m betting his lawyer tries this as the first clinical case if TDS #TrumpDerangementSyn…
https://t.co/ru5j8I8pMq At least 25 MS-13 gang members were deported from Mexico yesterday, after they were revealed to be concealed within the caravan of 1,600 Central American migrants, just across the U.S. border
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/ZGlAbDSuon Take a guess why Bernie Sanders was kicked off a hippie commune in 1971? Pretty fitting
You have to watch this. This leftist, Brian Moore it's on Laura Ingraham pushing socialism, and Laura actually gets this idiot to admit that socialism has never worked anywhere. Watch this bumbling moron. . and then he blamed America of course https://t.co/ltGcLcBmYz
RT @1776Stonewall: Make sure to post proof of this when you do it so that I know you're not full of shit https://t.co/Ozthuy0D2O
Make sure to post proof of this when you do it so that I know you're not full of shit https://t.co/Ozthuy0D2O
https://t.co/ZGlAbDSuon Take a guess why Bernie Sanders was kicked off a hippie commune in 1971? Pretty fitting
RT @1776Stonewall: Burberry issues new hoodie with a noose. It's from their Jussie Smollett collection. . . You put it on yourself https://…
Burberry issues new hoodie with a noose. It's from their Jussie Smollett collection. . . You put it on yourself https://t.co/SjEolY2hKe
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews Yes, it's even caused gay black men to self inflict wounds
@BreitbartNews Yes, it's even caused gay black men to self inflict wounds
RT @JohnJamesMI: Thank you for all the congratulations on baby Christian! Join me TONIGHT at 9:45 PM ET 📺 I will be on @FoxNews with @seanh…
RT @RealMattCouch: @DonaldJTrumpJr https://t.co/n2PFta27Dy
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's History Quiz: February 22, 1770; an 11 year old Patriot is shot and killed by a Loyalist customs officer in Bost…
And now some on left are saying we're now using this as a "smokescreen" to cover Trumps racism. I posted video of a lefty saying that yesterday, remember? Even blamed Orlando nightclub on Trump. forgot Obama was president then and that Omar's dad was at a Hillary rally days later
https://t.co/EAYdsxWDwg Even CNNis reporting Jussie Smollett story was a hoax. . So for all you lefties that "debated" me for the last few weeks - What now? Remember you called me a conspiracy theorist? Remember you called me a racist for not believing him because he was black?
I guess the rest of us are all driving funny/drag cars?
So according to this Matthew Mcconaughey commercial, Lincoln is the only car that can swerve left and right?
https://t.co/s9VtpFHj34  WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIE!!!!
RT @gailapple1: https://t.co/pexY50s42j
Here she is taking questions about her surgery. She's not dead, and she's not in a coma. She was simply recovering. she's an old sick woman
I have to point this out, but when John McCain died, people said he wasn't really dead. when Bush died, they said he wasn't really dead. And they tell me that JFK Jr. is running in 2020. . This does not help our side. It chases people away from us.
https://t.co/zbSC42DsAA It's starting! CBS News correspondent speaks out against the media bias against President Trump. . I predict she will be the first of many. . Come on Jake Tapper, I know you're holding back
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino The lines have been clearly drawn. no excuses to not know what you're voting for. The left is the anti-America…
@dbongino The lines have been clearly drawn. no excuses to not know what you're voting for. The left is the anti-American party and the right is the Patriotic party. If you love this country, then there is no excuse for you to vote Democrat/Socialist
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/zEPTSdlhZJ John Wayne saw the leftist race politics even back then, in 1974. Listen to this and tell me the…
@Stevek8997 I know. They are censoring the shit out of me. I'm on here all the time though, so just check my page periodically. Thanks for telling me
I'll bet you a house that Bernie Sanders doesn't win the presidency
Bernie Sanders says he's running against a president who is a pathological liar. . . And a racist. LMAO!
DISGRACEFUL: Vandals Invade Border Patrol Museum And Desecrate Displays For Fallen Agents. Definitely done by leftists. https://t.co/lNBDejGOmr
OUCH! "Empire" turning their backs on Jussie Smollett. Here's an update on his role on the show https://t.co/PhrhMZYAzF
RT @1776Stonewall: His predecessor Guadalupe Trevine spent five years in prison for taking campaign money from a gulf cartel drug lord. And…
His predecessor Guadalupe Trevine spent five years in prison for taking campaign money from a gulf cartel drug lord. And Guerras own right hand man spent time for taking bribes from drug cartels
Hidalgo County Texas Sheriff, Eddie Guerra is fighting against Trump's wall, saying it won't help with drug smuggling, and then gave a bunch of phony statistics. Here's what he also left out: that the Hidalgo Sheriff's Office is notorious for taking drug cartel money. . . .
@johnnyrebooo1 Good job! I give the answer to the quizzes after the polls end. I gave the answer at like 2 a.m. for that one. Have you taken the other quizzes?
RT @1776Stonewall: @ArizonaPatriot4 Thank you. And what's scary is the people who think they know history, but were actually taught a progr…
@ArizonaPatriot4 Thank you. And what's scary is the people who think they know history, but were actually taught a progressive revisionist version of it. As Reagan once said "The problem with our liberal friends is not that they're ignorant, it's just that they know so much that isn't so"
RT @1776Stonewall: @CapnRon6 @xvrs @realDonaldTrump The sad part is that he probably actually passed history, because in the Progressive sc…
@CapnRon6 @xvrs @realDonaldTrump The sad part is that he probably actually passed history, because in the Progressive schools they teach a phony revisionist version of history. So basically the less accurate your answers are, the higher the grade.
HERE WE GO: Obama’s Already Working Behind The Scenes To Collude In The 2020 Election https://t.co/lzXLycJK5G
@MAGADROP Actually yes, and as a matter of fact Obama's advisors were great admirers of the new deal and actually wanted to duplicated it in a modern twist
It wasn't until government got out of the way that the economy rebounded, and FDR and then Truman even wanted a second new deal, which would have been a complete disaster
RT @1776Stonewall: FDR doubled spending between 1932 and 1940, he increased the top tax rate to 79%, unemployment was 18% in 1935, then 14%…
FDR doubled spending between 1932 and 1940, he increased the top tax rate to 79%, unemployment was 18% in 1935, then 14% in 1936 but by 1938 it was back up to 20%. Even his own treasury secretary admitted the New Deal was a disaster
RT @1776Stonewall: Also our Progressive school system teaches that the New Deal was a success. In truth it was anything but. FDR's New Deal…
Also our Progressive school system teaches that the New Deal was a success. In truth it was anything but. FDR's New Deal actually prolonged the Great Depression by 7 years. Had he not intervened there would have been a rapid recovery. I'll explain below. . .
@TheCreation Exactly! On one hand Republicans are rich elitists, and then on the other hand we're trailer park trash with no education. They are walking contradictions
RT @1776Stonewall: It's just so funny because whenever I point out the evil doings of the old Democrats , I'm told there was a switch. But…
It's just so funny because whenever I point out the evil doings of the old Democrats , I'm told there was a switch. But now I mentioned the switch, and that's no longer the case. It's hilarious how ridiculous these people are. I honestly can't believe that these are real people
RT @1776Stonewall: They want to hand pick what to take credit for and what to project. They are walking contradictions. If you're saying th…
They want to hand pick what to take credit for and what to project. They are walking contradictions. If you're saying there was no switch, like he just did, then you also have to take blame for the KKK, Segregation and slavery. These people are so dumb
RT @1776Stonewall: Isn't this hilarious? When we point out that Democrats were the slave party, the segregation party and the KKK party, we…
Isn't this hilarious? When we point out that Democrats were the slave party, the segregation party and the KKK party, we're  told there was a switch. But then when it fits their narrative, then they completely forgot about the so-called switch. That's a leftist for you, folks
RT @1776Stonewall: But wait? I thought your side says there was a big "switch" in the late 1960s? So wasn't FDR and HST really Republicans…
But wait? I thought your side says there was a big "switch" in the late 1960s? So wasn't FDR and HST really Republicans according to your side? I guess only when it conveniences you, right? Didn't FDR also round up Japanese Americans and throw them in internment camps? https://t.co/Sq9pworqHT
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump Wow! Kind of like the super train Hitler was planning to build. See, lefties, we can do that too, takin…
@realDonaldTrump Wow! Kind of like the super train Hitler was planning to build. See, lefties, we can do that too, taking every little stupid thing and comparing it to the Nazis. They were socialists after all, weren't  they?
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump Remember it was the Washington Post that "fact checked" that the food you had for the football players…
@realDonaldTrump Remember it was the Washington Post that "fact checked" that the food you had for the football players wasn't actually a "mile high". . . They even did the math, and you came up short by a cool half mile, or so
Bernie Sanders announces he will run for President in 2020. Marking the 100th anniversary of when he ran against Warren G. Harding
https://t.co/x1oUnWlJs6 Bad parenting!
@1coinwith2sides lol
RT @1776Stonewall: Bonus question: does anyone know the name of the lawyer who defended the British soldiers that killed 5 Americans in the…
Bonus question: does anyone know the name of the lawyer who defended the British soldiers that killed 5 Americans in the Boston Massacre?
@TheGeswho haha. don't disrespect the man like that. lol. . Samuel Adams actually had a brain
@LulaMae01 There is a book that came out last years called "First Martyr of Liberty" on Attucks. . Though i'll admit, I haven't read it. My knowledge of him comes from reading on the Massacre itself, and not specifically him
@LulaMae01 Crispus Attucks is incorrectly credited as the first person killed in the conflict, as this event predated it, but Attucks was the 1st person killed at the Boston massacre. He was a freed slave. 2 bullets hit his chest when the British sentries opened fire and he died on the spot
RT @1776Stonewall: Samuel Adams, always the Patriotic rabble-rouser, took political advantage of this event and threw the child a massive f…
Samuel Adams, always the Patriotic rabble-rouser, took political advantage of this event and threw the child a massive funeral. Thousands attended. 2 weeks later was the Boston Massacre, which Sam Adams also exploited (rightfully so) and tensions with Britain hit an all time high
@ChrisLYanksFan I'm asking pretty hard questions, for the most part. I'll throw some more moderate questions in there too. Maybe tomorrow. Yesterday's question just 38% got right. . .but I'm glad to see people aren't cheating for the most part
Today's History Quiz: February 22, 1770; an 11 year old Patriot is shot and killed by a Loyalist customs officer in Boston weeks before the Boston Massacre. This child is considered the 1st casualty in what will become the war of American Independence. What was this child's name?
RT @1776Stonewall: Ok, 38% got it right. correct answer is Benjamin Franklin: . . Next quiz coming now
Ok, 38% got it right. correct answer is Benjamin Franklin: . . Next quiz coming now
@MarkusJett Those are the names they call Patriotic Americans.  They think even less of our founding fathers. . Yet they pretend to be for the constitution. lol. . They think the men who wrote the constitution are horrible human beings, but pretend to defend the laws they created
@Trumplican4ever you got t
RT @1776Stonewall: (1/2) The policeman's name was William West. Racing horses through DC had become a bit of a problem and in the prior day…
West the day before. Grant promised to keep his speed down. When West caught him haulin ass again he pulled him over and Grant insisted the officer do his duty. West took him down to the station and booked him. There were no hard feelings, and the 2 actually became good friends
(1/2) The policeman's name was William West. Racing horses through DC had become a bit of a problem and in the prior days there were some injuries, including a woman and her 6 year old child being seriously wounded. Grant was a known speedster and had been Pulled over by . . .
RT @1776Stonewall: 52% got it right. The correct answer is Ulysses S. Grant. . i'll give a little follow up story on what happened. . .
52% got it right. The correct answer is Ulysses S. Grant. . i'll give a little follow up story on what happened. . .
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's History Quiz: Who is the only Founding Father to sign all 4 major documents of the founding of the United States…
Bashing socialism here too
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/QQGTkJEpMm And here was the Duke on "liberals". . Listen to how accurate he was
https://t.co/QQGTkJEpMm And here was the Duke on "liberals". . Listen to how accurate he was
and listen to this liberal beta male who's interviewing him. The Duke puts him right in his place
https://t.co/zEPTSdlhZJ John Wayne saw the leftist race politics even back then, in 1974. Listen to this and tell me the Duke doesn't just nail it! This was a true patriot. A proud American. He saw the weakening of the American male at the beginning. Enjoy!
The media and leftist propaganda controls their brain. They're told how to think: What is acceptable, what's not acceptable, what to laugh at, not to laugh at, what to cry about, not to cry about, what to be enraged over, not to be enraged over. They don't have working brains
Lefties crying over an old John Wayne interview. They got a glimpse how people talked before PC &amp; it enraged them. Imagine if they heard the Founding fathers talk? Funny thing is these same people listen to rap, which uses far worse language and is openly homophobic/misogynistic
RT @1776Stonewall: I would love to see a beta male like yourself go back and take on John Wayne. . 		"Friend, you better get another line o…
I would love to see a beta male like yourself go back and take on John Wayne. . 		"Friend, you better get another line of work. this one sure don't fit your pistol" https://t.co/OKrcbbsJfG
https://t.co/eyc5b2ITNn No doubt William Barr has told this rat to get the hell out. . . time to go after him for treason
And I'll mention it again - DON'T YOU DARE bring your leftist bullshit with you to Texas or other Red States! Remember why you left California, New York, New Jersey, etc. you left because you couldn't afford it, and jobs left. If you continue to vote Democrat, that'll follow you
People fleeing blue states. Last year 130,000 Californian's fled. 63,000 went to Texas. Here's a list of companies that left California for other states: Toyota went to TX, Jacobs to TX, Carl Jr to TN, Nissan to TN, Jamba Juice to TX, OXY to TX, Numbria to UT, Omnitracs to TX
https://t.co/H52dhuZl7l WATCH: Crowd Goes WILD When Melania OBLITERATES Socialism At Miami Rally
@JesseMPaine Its not him
RT @1776Stonewall: So he's blaming the President for Orlando? But wasn't the terrorists father at a Hillary rally weeks later? Can you beli…
So he's blaming the President for Orlando? But wasn't the terrorists father at a Hillary rally weeks later? Can you believe that these are real people?
RT @1776Stonewall: So we're not even allowed to point out that Jussie was lying and the media got it wrong. Lol. . amazing how these people…
So we're not even allowed to point out that Jussie was lying and the media got it wrong. Lol. . amazing how these people work. . . And the moron wasn't done https://t.co/PSHYIIIBHT
Even after the left was humiliated pushing jussie Smollett hoax, which they desperately wanted to be true, they're still blaming Trump for a "rise in racism". Even pushing old lies like Charlottesville and blaming him for Orlando. And they say we're using Jussie as a smokescreen https://t.co/tLu5FIgBBM
https://t.co/B0yuO1Qztk  REPORT: Dem Rep. Ilhan Omar Represents ‘Terrorist Recruitment Capital’ Of America (Details)
https://t.co/obPcJDQFn7 Actually your brothers are cool. you're the only idiot in the family. And of course, being the raging liberal in the family, you're the one who can't control their temper and acts like a child, even at 60 years old
I do give the answer when the poll comes to an end, but the best way is to vote, and then simply look up the answer to see if you were right
RT @1776Stonewall: Bonus quiz: Even before cars there were speed limits. You'd be pulled over just like today and given a speeding ticket f…
Bonus quiz: Even before cars there were speed limits. You'd be pulled over just like today and given a speeding ticket for riding your horse too fast. One U.S. President was given a ticket for speeding, fined $20 and forced to walk back to the White House by himself. Who was it?
Who's in the mood for a bonus History quiz in celebration of President's day? Normally I just do one every morning, but since it's a Presidential holiday, how about one more?. . . i'll post below and I'll make it to where you have a few hours to vote. Sound good?
RT @1776Stonewall: I've never seen someone destroy an otherwise great show like Juan does. Greg has my favorite weekend show, Jesse and Kat…
I've never seen someone destroy an otherwise great show like Juan does. Greg has my favorite weekend show, Jesse and Katie are great, Dana is ok, but Juan is so horrible that he kills the show. I'm ok with a leftist being on, but give me someone smart and honest, like Doug Schoen
@Danasonline He destroys the entire show. And it's such a shame because it would be the best show on FOX if he weren't on. Find a more reasonable Democrat. Get Doug Schoen to do it. i'm even fine when Geraldo does it. Or alan Dershowitz would be great
https://t.co/LOMbUovfpC Things keep getting worse for Jussie Smollett. Even more evidence now found, showing the depth of this hoax. look
Juan Williams is STILL refusing to admit the Jussie Smollett story is a hoax. . says that it's a fact that hate crimes have spiked in America, especially against Jews. . Is this man really this stupid? It's all on the left, Juan. Look what Farrakhan just said and Omar. Holy shit!
Greg Gutfeld on the media being disappointed that the Jussie Smollett story was a hoax: "America is less racist than the media wants us to be"
Farrakhan also tells Omar that she has nothing to apologize for. I don't know how much more clear the left has to make it, that they're anti Israel and hate Jews? https://t.co/ViTz9WZRAd
RT @1776Stonewall: Every so often a new cat makes its way to my yard. This big beautiful long haired kitty has been coming around for a wee…
@MarkScurry That book won the Pulitzer. Anything McCullough writes is amazing. I've read all his books. He's a national treasure
@gcombs71 I'm very glad to hear that. Keep quizzing him
@keirajeanbee I do once the poll is over. . but most people just look it up after they vote
@hufco60 To be fair, I've been asking pretty hard questions. I'll mix in a few more moderate questions. but as long as you're learning something that's all that matters
You know a big reason Trump won Florida and Republicans won Florida in midterms is because of the Cubans. Cubans came out for Trump and conservatives because they've seen what Socialism does. I bet you Venezuelans would also vote for Trump. no way they would support Socialism
The president giving a speech in Florida against socialism. This is so important. Socialism is the single biggest threat that this country has faced in decades, if not centuries
Leftist politics don't work! Do not bring your Progressive Bullshit from one state that you destroyed, And bring it to another state
The top 5 highest taxed states are New York, California, Connecticut, New Jersey and Illinois. What do all 5 of these states have in common? And tens of thousands of people are fleeing these states and moving to Red States like Texas/Tennessee. Make sure you remember why you left
RT @gailapple1: @1776Stonewall https://t.co/8RNkfdFrha
RT @1776Stonewall: Perfect example of this was when leftists released a pic of kids in cages trying to show the evils of the Trump Administ…
Perfect example of this was when leftists released a pic of kids in cages trying to show the evils of the Trump Administration. When it turned out to be from 2014 they waited 2 weeks and pushed the phony narrative again, as if they didn't just make complete asses of themselves
RT @1776Stonewall: You know like when people break into your house how they just ring the doorbell and walk through the front door?
You know like when people break into your house how they just ring the doorbell and walk through the front door?
RT @1776Stonewall: I'm surprised they didn't catch these guys at the Port of Entry?
I'm surprised they didn't catch these guys at the Port of Entry?
https://t.co/iv3bhK94Wl 6 illegal immigrants arrested in North Carolina as part of a Mexican drug cartel, drug trafficking bust
@realDonaldTrump 85% of the American counties are enjoying Presidents Day very much. That other 15% not so much
RT @1776Stonewall: During war of 1812 Francis Scott Key was sent to a British ship to negotiate prisoner release. On board he overheard pla…
44% of you got it right. The correct answer is Tecumseh
RT @1776Stonewall: James Woods Finds SUSPICIOUS Tweet From Smollett Just HOURS After Reports Say The Attack Was Fake https://t.co/XiXUa3Fg3V
RT @1776Stonewall: Jefferson and Adams were political rivals but ended up best of friends later in life. Both men died hours apart on July…
Jefferson and Adams were political rivals but ended up best of friends later in life. Both men died hours apart on July 4th 1826, the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence. Adams' last words were "Thomas Jefferson survives", unaware Thomas had died hours earlier
Chinese stock market has huge gains today as news of a potential US/China trade deal fuels the markets. Our markets are nearing record highs. A huge boost to the economy might be days away
And on a number of occasions some leftist will tell me that I'm lying, that they don't do that at all, and then it happens again and again. Here's yet another example. And they'll forget about this one too and it'll happen again
See, this is what I say all the time, that the left lies through their teeth, pushes a phony narrative, and then once it's proven to be false they deny ever saying it. I point this out all the time.
CNN Guest Says No ‘Reputable’ Outlet Reported On Smollett’s ‘MAGA’ Quote; She’s Lying, Here’s Proof https://t.co/kIOcJAiUGG
@cfmbetricky2 Yeah he looks just like that actually. Beautiful cat
@kmc1230 they will kill every rodent in sight. They're really good at that. Many people have what they call working cats around Farms for that very purpose
@kmc1230 Yeah I've had cats disappear for months at a time. One of my favorite cats has been gone for a few weeks now, which is not uncommon for him so I'm sure he's fine
RT @1776Stonewall: How about a little of Ronald Reagan's legendary humor for this President's Day. Enjoy. 	 https://t.co/1X5ODtHrUT
How about a little of Ronald Reagan's legendary humor for this President's Day. Enjoy. 	 https://t.co/1X5ODtHrUT
It appears that AOC's new green deal requires every light bulb to be changed in America to an LED bulb. The specific bulb required costs $2,000 per bulb. . Ironically Alexandria has not had a lightbulb go off in 29 years
James Woods Finds SUSPICIOUS Tweet From Smollett Just HOURS After Reports Say The Attack Was Fake https://t.co/XiXUa3Fg3V
Every so often a new cat makes its way to my yard. This big beautiful long haired kitty has been coming around for a week or so now. When I go outside he runs, but I was able to snap a picture through my screen. Doesn't do him justice but he's gorgeous https://t.co/tB2vFMW3vw
https://t.co/CC4Py7Vmv2 BUSTED: Ocasio-Cortez Claims She Opposes Capitalism; A Recent Photo Of Herself Says The OPPOSITE
RT @kimguilfoyle: Wow. Joe Biden is overseas telling Europeans that America is an embarrassment!		Seriously?! You do not speak for us, Joe.…
@JamesGillen5 @SmokeyB88648159 People beg him to go back to TV all the time, including people on FOX, such as Hannity. And Hannity was actually the first guest host of the Rush Limbaugh show back in the late 80's
@JamesGillen5 Before Fox even existed, Rush had a TV show that was created by he and Roger Ailes. It was the 1st of its kind and it was the biggest political show in the country. But Rush hates doing TV. says there's too much guidelines, has to stick to scripts. He likes the freedom of radio
RT @1776Stonewall: Isn't it something that you can always spot the leftist on the panel just by looking at them? Same thing in person also.…
@Rico486 @DonaldJTrumpJr Like with the Duke lacrosse accuser. She destroyed those kids lives and instead of throwing her in jail, the left rushed to her defense and said she needed therapy, that she was clearly disturbed and needed help. It's just unreal. This man belongs in jail
RT @1776Stonewall: @celtgunn @rentonMagaUK @DonaldJTrumpJr @JussieSmollett https://t.co/pe8AYVzyIm show him this, too. This was the video r…
@DonaldJTrumpJr And remember: "A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes" 		-Mark Twain-
@celtgunn @rentonMagaUK @DonaldJTrumpJr @JussieSmollett https://t.co/pe8AYVzyIm show him this, too. This was the video released by Nick Sandmann's lawyer, which completely exposes how the media lied and unfairly attacked the children of Covington. This will shock him
@Doorknobsnob won the pulitzer for that. McCullough is one of the greatest historians in America. . They also made the HBO miniseries based off that book, which I consider to be the greatest miniseries of all time. It was brilliantly done, but of course the book is even better. A must read
Note: When you Google answer (after voting) you may get "Roger Sherman" but those are different documents. Sherman signed the Declaration and Constitution, but other 2 were the Articles of confederation (which was replaced with the constitution) and The Articles of Association
Today's History Quiz: Who is the only Founding Father to sign all 4 major documents of the founding of the United States Of America (The Declaration Of Independence, The Constitution, The Treaty Of Paris and The Treaty Of Alliance With France)?
RT @1776Stonewall: @DonaldJTrumpJr This is why Rush calls them the "drive-by media". They do a drive-by, cause all this damage, and we're l…
@DonaldJTrumpJr This is why Rush calls them the "drive-by media". They do a drive-by, cause all this damage, and we're left picking up the pieces, while they just move on to the next lie and do it again. The frustrating part is that they only get away with it because liberals keep believing them
Not radical leftists! https://t.co/IsvHyhfc1O
Isn't it something that you can always spot the leftist on the panel just by looking at them? Same thing in person also. I can tell if someone's a leftist, just by looking at them. and the further left they are, the easier it is to spot. https://t.co/Br1Z76RSbc
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/DM20fK6dNw If you missed Chris Wallace's interview with Rush Limbaugh, here it is. . right before this Chri…
https://t.co/DM20fK6dNw If you missed Chris Wallace's interview with Rush Limbaugh, here it is. . right before this Chris had a panel discussion where he was just spouting a bunch of ignorant nonsense. Luckily Rush comes on here and sets him straight. Rush was brilliant. Watch
@EdwardGingerich That's what I mean with the stunning lack of common sense. There are hundreds of miles where you can simply walk across the border. Why would you go to a port of entry where you're sure to be caught? it's so insane that we actually have to explain this
@LJC2114 and common sense would be that you wouldn't sneak across tons of drugs where they're checking for it. you'd do it where they aren't checking for it, in the dead of night
And the funny thing is that Chris Wallace read these statistics like he actually felt he was making a great point
It's just so stupid. I've told you about books I've read where people cross the border regularly to party in Mexico or buy drugs in Mexico or visit family in Mexico. These people are never counted. It's beyond stupid
RT @1776Stonewall: Then he shows in 2017 there were 606,926 Visa overstays, compared to 303,916 illegal crossings. Again it's IMPOSSIBLE to…
Then he shows in 2017 there were 606,926 Visa overstays, compared to 303,916 illegal crossings. Again it's IMPOSSIBLE to know how many people cross if you didn't know they did it. I told you the other day I was talking to someone who accidentally drove across. did they count her?
The lack of common sense by the left is just mindboggling. Chris Wallace  showed "stats" that 80-90% of cocaine, heroine and fentanyl are seized at the ports of entry. lol. . Ok? so? that's what's been "Seized", not what's actually made t across. impossible to have stats on that
@lynney62 I also added these https://t.co/Dyv6InF4VK
RT @1776Stonewall: James Madison watched from a hill as Washington was burned, his wife, Dolly, was still inside the White House. Rumor has…
James Madison watched from a hill as Washington was burned, his wife, Dolly, was still inside the White House. Rumor has it that she saved one item from being looted by the British, a portrait of George Washington. (I have this picture on my wall in my room) https://t.co/Rvr2Oeuv8p
RT @1776Stonewall: The British burned DC during war of 1812, and would've finished it off if not for a freak storm which doused the flames.…
The British burned DC during war of 1812, and would've finished it off if not for a freak storm which doused the flames. They burned down the Library of congress. Thomas Jefferson sold his personal library to restock shelves. Burn marks can still be seen in the White House today https://t.co/TJLdMJHdQ0
@lynney62 I'll be doing more on the war of 1812, but you absolutely should research more of it. It was an extremely important war. The British burned down Washington DC. . Here's a little something else I added that you might like. This was in 1814, but part of the war of 1812 https://t.co/KROFJqsG08
@nyc_trump Every morning I will have a new one
@Patjones67 And that's exactly what I was hoping people would do. They can take a guess at the answer and then go research all 4 options. Before you know it you'll have leaned a real lot of history in a short time. In 1 week you can learn 28 pieces of history
RT @1776Stonewall: @DonaldJTrumpJr LMAO!! You're definitely your fathers son
@DonaldJTrumpJr LMAO!! You're definitely your fathers son
@kc_americangirl my pleasure
During war of 1812 Francis Scott Key was sent to a British ship to negotiate prisoner release. On board he overheard plans to attack Baltimore and wasn't allowed to leave till morning. Key watched fort McHenry bombarded. In the morning Key marveled that "our flag was still there"
@denverkb thank you. tomorrow though take a guess, and then look up the answer
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/QPECmzwJQJ Republican House Leader Has SIX Major Questions For Adam Schiff. Here They Are…
https://t.co/QPECmzwJQJ Republican House Leader Has SIX Major Questions For Adam Schiff. Here They Are…
@LoeWEarl that's good
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's History Quiz: What was the name of the Indian chief who led the American Indian Confederacy against the United S…
https://t.co/pD5z2iT6c2 Here are 15 morons who blamed Trump and his supporters for the Jussie Smollett "attack". look
RT @1776Stonewall: Few more songs I can think of, as a 2pac fan myself: "Dear Kamala", "Brenda's got a subway", "Me and my boyfriend", "If…
Few more songs I can think of, as a 2pac fan myself: "Dear Kamala", "Brenda's got a subway", "Me and my boyfriend", "If I lie tonight", "changes story" . . I can keep going
https://t.co/vWNpGrLVa8 WATCH: Booker Refuses To Comment On Smollett Hoax, Trashes “Right Wing Terrorists” Instead
https://t.co/TcQV4FyDJ0 Don Jr. Ruthlessly ROASTS Jussie Smollett On Twitter [MUST SEE]. Watch
https://t.co/b0tZPOtr2B Nigerian Brothers Are Now ADMITTING That Smollett Paid Them To cooperate In Attack
Cool show on Discovery channel right now called "Body Cam". . Police body cam footage. The one on now is close encounters "Officer down"
New Gay 2Pac album drops this week! https://t.co/BsAkdKwqPk
@GodzillaReign @KyleBusch me too. That's my guy
@RuhRohRaggieroo absolutely! Amazing race for sure
@HuskerTony31 Kyle Busch
Shit! Denny Hamlin takes Daytona. Not what I was hoping for. Wild race though
Gonna come down to Kyle Busch, Denny Hamlin and Joey Lagano, and maybe Michael Mcdowell. 2 will probably battle it out, leaving one free to take the win. i'm hoping Lagano and Hamlin fight it out, leaving Kyle to drive to victory. #Daytona500 #NASCAR
@NS88zy neither would I. He's coming on fast
Ok this is crazy now. Another wreck with 1 lap to go
Saw Lagano driving a little reckless
anther wreck??? Are you kidding me? And Kyle Busch had a clear lead this time. Shit! come on guys
RT @DineshDSouza: The Nigerian duo says Jussie put them up to it. But did anyone put Jussie up to it? Who is Jussie’s mentor in these sleaz…
@mgmwheels @LivePDDave1 me too. Matt was racing great
@toni_corbin channel 90, I believe
RT @1776Stonewall: 18 car pileup! Everyone is ok, luckily
18 car pileup! Everyone is ok, luckily
@toni_corbin do you have sirius radio? There's a Nascar station
@LivePDDave1 That took out most of the field. Look at that pileup
@LivePDDave1 That was a massive wreck
Figures, my man Kyle had just taken the lead and was about to possibly clear Hamlin. This will be a long caution. Looks like it's going to be Kyle or Hamlin
HUGE Wreck at Daytona! With 10 to go. WOW!!
another wreck. Let's try this again. Hamlin's car seems faster unfortunately
dammit
@TurntableKittah oh yes. you're correct
Caution! Kyle will take lead on restart
@studler57 lol. I probably did drop a couple followers
@MarkWilkbank wow! That was really him?
@celtgunn approaching 200 wins!
@celtgunn Absolutely!
@JayLake approaching 200 overall Nascar wins. He'll soon be the winnngest driver in Nascar history. Record is 200 by Richard Petty. Kyle has 194 I believe
@TurntableKittah approaching 200. I think he's at 194. He'll soon be the winningest driver in Nascar history. The record is 200, by Richard Petty
RT @1776Stonewall: Don't kill me, but my guy is Kyle Busch. I know he's not the most popular, but the man can drive his ass off
@auburn_dave Kyle's my guy, so I hope you're right on 18
Don't kill me, but my guy is Kyle Busch. I know he's not the most popular, but the man can drive his ass off
@SteveEnnis yes
"Cavalry",  sorry
@MzFred80 Yes, and a woman named Emma Lazarus wrote a poem called "The New Colossus" which was auctioned off to raise money for the construction of the pedestal. The poem was then cast on a  bronze plaque and mounted on the pedestal itself
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump Funny how it takes the left so long to learn what we know from start. We knew hands up don't shoot was…
@realDonaldTrump Funny how it takes the left so long to learn what we know from start. We knew hands up don't shoot was a lie, Covington was a lie, Jussie Smollett was lying, knew Russia story was a hoax. Now the left is warning that Mueller has nothing. Schiff calling investigation "inadequate"
any predictions on who will win #Daytona500 ? 46 laps to go
Great topics, everyone. I will certainly incorporate some of these subjects into future quiz's
RT @1776Stonewall: @MzFred80 The Statue of liberty used to lay in pieces. The arm was displayed in Madison park. we hadn't money to erect i…
@MzFred80 The Statue of liberty used to lay in pieces. The arm was displayed in Madison park. we hadn't money to erect it, nor a place to put it, nor a base. The famous architect Richard Morris Hunt built the pedestal and we designated "Bedloe island" for it's location (now Liberty Island)
RT @1776Stonewall: @047michelle Washington almost died at Brandywine. Scottish officer named Patrick Ferguson had a clear shot but decided…
@047michelle Washington almost died at Brandywine. Scottish officer named Patrick Ferguson had a clear shot but decided not to shoot because the man (later discovered to be Washington) had his back turned. Ferguson would've hit him. He built guns himself. They even used the "Ferguson rifle"
@PatrickJam1 AKA Robert Shirtliff. Good one
RT @1776Stonewall: @kmc1230 incredible feat. didn't lose 1 piece of artillery on a 300 mile journey from Ticonderoga in upstate NY, back to…
@kmc1230 incredible feat. didn't lose 1 piece of artillery on a 300 mile journey from Ticonderoga in upstate NY, back to Boston. One cannon fell into the frozen lake George and they spent all day pulling it out. The townsfolk along the way came out to help and feed Knox's men. Great story
@LittellKevin my personal favorite as well
@Deskprotestor Thanks. I have considered it
@rewindpulaski1 Bill O'reilly is a great historian, for sure. His "killing" series is one of the best selling series ever. All of his books go straight to #1. So even though they do demonize him, he still has the top books every time
RT @1776Stonewall: What are some of your favorite topics in history? I'll incorporate a quiz test with some of your favorite topics
What are some of your favorite topics in history? I'll incorporate a quiz test with some of your favorite topics
@Quadruples10 @BAMAPERRY Absolutely right! And perhaps since schools are teaching a revisionist version of history, they've dulled down all the exciting stuff. I would love to teach a childrens history course. There are certainly ways to make it exciting  don't hold anything back
When Buffalo Bill Cody created his "Wild West" show, many Comanche's would tour with him, dazzling crowds with their Riding prowess. At the 1893 Chicago's worlds fair, the Wild West show was the biggest event going. Hundreds of Indians camped out in Tipi's on the camp grounds
RT @1776Stonewall: @BAMAPERRY Yes, the conquistadors brought them over, and they'd have some of the Plains Indian tribes work as Ranch hand…
@BAMAPERRY Yes, the conquistadors brought them over, and they'd have some of the Plains Indian tribes work as Ranch hands, teaching them about horses. When the conquistadors left, the horses went free. Before you knew it there were millions of them roaming the great plains
@shadowskills308 Yes, the Apache's were possibly #2
RT @1776Stonewall: Other tribes took horses to battle, like Sioux, but dismounted before fighting. A Comanche boy was expected to be skille…
RT @1776Stonewall: You'll learn about the Comanches, who were by far the dominant tribe. They were the best horsemen in the world, so much…
Other tribes took horses to battle, like Sioux, but dismounted before fighting. A Comanche boy was expected to be skilled rider by age 12. Practiced all day. They rode on the side of the horse to evade bullets and arrows and could pick something up off the ground at full gallop
You'll learn about the Comanches, who were by far the dominant tribe. They were the best horsemen in the world, so much in fact that European military leaders marveled at their horsemanship, calling them superior to any Calvary in Europe. They were the only tribe to fight mounted
Take a guess, then research the 4 options. They're all real historic Native leaders, each has their own great history. Native history is fascinating. . 2 great books to read are "Empire of the summer moon" on Quanah Parker and the Comanche's.  Another good book is "Apache Wars"
@TTallis1505 Yep! "Red Eagle"
@TBEventr smells like anchovies
@SpaceCoastGator thank you. I just tried it for the first time. so far I'm 4 for 4 with cats. but cats are weir that way. I just tried another new dry food and they won't touch it, yet it had great reviews on Chewy
Let's hope that Elizabeth Warren doesn't follow in Jussie's footsteps. . . She'll scalp herself
Yes, that "moral clarity" was evident when he was beating the bejabbers out of himself https://t.co/ElT7rGl89Z
Here's Pontiac enjoying some "Muse" https://t.co/1H5UP6zCIT
I think Jussie Smollett should be arrested for a hate crime. He beat up and lynched a gay black man, poured bleach on him and took his subway sandwich
RT @1776Stonewall: I'm always trying new foods with my cats, and they like some much more than others. This is a new one I just tried out o…
I'm always trying new foods with my cats, and they like some much more than others. This is a new one I just tried out on them, and they are loving it so far. It's a bit more pricey, but it has whole anchovies and a nice fish broth. they love it https://t.co/xcpnxOjcHh
Top Dems Claimed That Jussie Smollett Was Lynched; Will They Take It Back Now? https://t.co/OsYRNXAfCD
@SGTHarleyDaveK Well, if we could fix election fraud, Trump would easily win 40 states in a fair election
The great Rush Limbaugh will be on Chris Wallace today. Show starts at 2:00 ET. . Set to record, just so you can watch the Rush interview, so you don't have to listen to Wallace too much. lol. . . Rush never disappoints, and he'll put Wallace in his place if he gets out of line
Think about how bad 2019 has been for the left: Top 3 Virginia Dems ruined, Elizabeth Warren exposed as a fake Indian, Kamala Harris's affair exposed, media Covington lie exposed, Jussie Smollett lie exposed, Mueller sending word he has nothing - Trump's approval at all time high
@SGTHarleyDaveK The left wouldn't even exist without the media. The media IS the Democrat party. Without them covering their scandals and projecting them on the right, and creating lies against their opponents, the Democrat party wouldn't have a leg to stand on.
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/LcE1jgFYO3 JUSSIE LAWYERS UP: Here’s How Much Jail Time He Could Get For Creating “MAGA Hoax”. #JussieSmoll…
https://t.co/LcE1jgFYO3 JUSSIE LAWYERS UP: Here’s How Much Jail Time He Could Get For Creating “MAGA Hoax”. #JussieSmollettHoax #JussieHoax
Trump should win Nobel Peace Prize simply for exposing the media as the enemy of the people. I mean most people understood that they were untrustworthy, but I don't think most realized just how evil they were, how Anti-American they were. The entire hatred for cops is their doing
How is the media NOT the enemy of the people? They intentionally create division across America. "Hands up don't shoot" resulted in cops being killed across America. Covington created division, as did the Jusie Smollett lie. The Russia lie has half the country hating a great man
If a gay man kicks his own ass, does that still make him a homophobe? https://t.co/OROyYOyDiw
@Dw5411jersey yes. Tecumseh was also General Sherman's middle name, but the Fort was named after the Shawee chief
https://t.co/LPeQa1CNOA  AOC gets even with those pesky farting cows in new viral video. Watch!
@netwrkguy Sherman's
Cue the Elizabeth Warren jokes. . . Go!
Today's History Quiz: What was the name of the Indian chief who led the American Indian Confederacy against the United States during the war of 1812?
@krobinson_3232 some even admitted they did. lol
RT @1776Stonewall: Ok, not bad, 53% of you got this right. The correct answer is Wilmer McLean. . . Next quiz in 5 minutes!
Ok, not bad, 53% of you got this right. The correct answer is Wilmer McLean. . . Next quiz in 5 minutes!
This is our president! https://t.co/CcTdUF0aUm
@Jakeroo88 Nice! Keep testing him. I think he'll get tomorrow's too
@robmeillrobu @npgeorge10 They do look alike! lol
@JillJillmjordan @b77_sarah @InGodITrust74 I just recommended those as well. Good advice
@InGodITrust74 That's a fantastic thing to do with your grandchildren. Rush Limbaugh also has a series of books geared towards teachings kids history, called "Rush Revere". These books are banned in liberal schools. He writes them like a children's book, and tells real history in a fun way
@claremiller10 My pleasure. And Take a guess for now on
@1000Philistines You did a great job then! Well done
@skjultster @PepeClinton Wonderful! Way to go, Dad!
@GenivaHudson @GirlOnFire_6969 It's designed for you to guess, and then look up the answer. . however I do give the answer the following morning when the poll is over and before I begin the next quiz
@lilangel2768 my pleasure. Thanks for participating
@Bahollings The great thing about history is no matter how much you read, how much you learn, there's ALWAYS going to be more that you don't know, than what you do know. you can read a book every day your entire life and not even scratch the surface
@TheRealdStyles1 here it was https://t.co/LGBDUq5cVt
@mashby_ashby Yes, indeed, do a quick read up on the other 3
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's History Quiz: It is often said that the U.S. Civil War started and ended in this persons backyard, even after th…
@jsay222 lol
@jntte @USATopGuns I don't want him. They can claim him if they want. lol
@lynnmarsh92 True, but they can claim him. I don't want him
@KCKccopyla2000 @DonaldJTrumpJr I agree and I've said that myself. In order for it to be true everyone in DC would have to be in on it including Trump. Why would he do that when he'd love another SC pick? She voted the other day and is back at the SC. so the other 8 justices would have to be part of the coverup
RT @1776Stonewall: Ironically, Smollett's story had more holes in it than Tupac. . . . . Too soon?
Ironically, Smollett's story had more holes in it than Tupac. . . . . Too soon?
@jeffrotech2003 @RealJamesWoods @divine_count @BreitbartNews exactly. In the middle of Chicago. and then lying about going to the hospital, then the fact that he held on to his subway sandwich and the fact that he still had the "rope" (string) around his neck an hour later when police arrived.
@npgeorge10 beautiful cat!!
RT @1776Stonewall: @npgeorge10 Yes sir! https://t.co/1paGa4KbYF
@npgeorge10 Yes sir! https://t.co/1paGa4KbYF
@RealJamesWoods @divine_count @BreitbartNews All of us, to be honest. did anyone here believe Jussie for a second? I've been tweeting it from day 1
RT @jennajameson: I hope this dramatic little person finds it within her acting repatoire to speak out about how much the #Jussiehoax has h…
@krobinson_3232 Like the Koi Fish video. If that was my media that edited a video to mislead me about Obama, I'd be pissed. Or Kamala editing that Kavanaugh video. She did that to mislead people. . I'd be pissed if my side edited video's to lie to me. . But they defend it, ask for more of it
It's so sad how even when leftists see that they're being lied to, they defend it. They're basically begging their politicians to continue lying to them. Kamala Harris is the same liar who released that edited Kavanaugh video, which misled millions of people. Lied about Brown too
https://t.co/TANWALEmCV here it is. She was asked if she remembered the high and she had to think about it. She probably never even smoked. but in order for you to be right, she was still smoking 7 years after college, at a minimum. . Doesn't add up. Stop defending liars
RT @1776Stonewall: Nice attempt. she was very specific that she smoked a "joint" in college (meaning she only did it maybe a few times at m…
Nice attempt. she was very specific that she smoked a "joint" in college (meaning she only did it maybe a few times at most), then she was asked what she listened to while high, she replied "Snoop and Tupac". She graduated in 1986. Pac's 1st album dropped in 1991, Snoop's in 93' https://t.co/YprlAx48HV
@Hellcats_Wheel That's very true. A true poet
@danaquinns I was devastated when it happened. He was my favorite music artist at the time
@SGTHarleyDaveK It's horrible now, but 20 years ago there was some good talent out there. and Tupac was really a poet, much more than just a rapper. He was a great song writer. Highly intelligent man
RT @1776Stonewall: @DonaldJTrumpJr They should start listening to us, we could have saved them much embarrassment. We knew this story was b…
@DonaldJTrumpJr They should start listening to us, we could have saved them much embarrassment. We knew this story was bullshit, we knew the Covington story was bullshit, we obviously knew the Russia story was bullshit, we knew the hands up don't shoot story was bullshit. They don't learn
Rep. Ilhan Omar Pleads Innocence, Claims She Didn’t Know She Was Being Anti-Semitic https://t.co/azu5pDb07q
Greg Gutfeld: "Obama was the first black President. Hillary was going to be the first woman president. But Trump is the first "Us" president"
RT @1776Stonewall: @VictorBlackwell When will the media stop rushing to judgement though? CNN ran wild with this story. They wanted it to b…
@VictorBlackwell When will the media stop rushing to judgement though? CNN ran wild with this story. They wanted it to be true so bad. Constantly trying to start a race war. constantly trying to divide us. It's all fake. Trump/Russia is fake, Covington was fake, Hands up don't shoot was fake. etc
All these stupid leftists are deleting their old Jussie Smollett tweets, as I showed you Ana Navarro did. How funny. You morons were dead wrong, ran wild with a story riddled with holes that you ignored. You wanted it to be true so bad, which is sick in itself. Fucking losers
Don Jr. EMBARRASSES Ocasio-Cortez After She Gives Mind-Numbing Economic Suggestion https://t.co/SUUmaUDAU7
It's amazing that the man has been dead for 23 years (and he IS dead, people. The "7 year theory" has long passed, and he's not in Cuba) and people still use him as the example of street cred. Like I said, I was a huge Tupac fan and I find this all very amusing
So she lied to you, and instead of her correcting her story, she'd rather pretend she never said it. That's what the left does all the time. They lie through their teeth and once proven wrong they pretend they never said it. . I actually mentioned this phenomenon the other week
RT @1776Stonewall: It appears that this tweet just went missing from Ana Navarro's page. . Don't worry, darling, I found it for you. You go…
It appears that this tweet just went missing from Ana Navarro's page. . Don't worry, darling, I found it for you. You gotta keep an eye on these tweets or they get lost https://t.co/D70XX5DRJO
Ocasio-Cortez Said Her Boyfriend Was NOT On Staff, Then DAMNING Truth Is Revealed https://t.co/eetIO09zXD
And the amazing thing is, that the left is so brain-dead, and filled with rage, that even if and when he is charged with filing a fraudulent report, still idiots on the left we'll pretend it was a police cover-up. Perhaps even Trump himself put the order out
Trump derangement syndrome has destroyed so many people. Jussie Smollett is now finished! He should be behind bars for years, if Justice is properly served. All because he believed a bunch of bulshit about Trump, none of the true. Now look at yourself
Jussie Smollett called himself the gay Tupac after he orchestrated a staged attack on himself. Kamala Harris said she listened to Tupac while smoking weed in college, 5 years before he released his first album. What is it about lying about Tupac?
Yea those shaving scrapes sting like a bitch https://t.co/EAYdsxWDwg https://t.co/lSWJeIGOol
This tweet did not age well. . . when will people learn not to rush to judgement? Especially in a story that reeked from the get go. This story didn't fool me for even a second https://t.co/RAMTTs9GNL
In Jussie's interview he said made a big point in telling people that because he's gay that people tend to think he's weak, and that he wanted everyone to know that he's not weak - he's a big strong man. . . . This is one of the weakest things I've ever heard
And remember what Kamala (sutra) Harris said? . . The left just can't be honest about ANYTHING!! And remember that edited video she released about Kavanaugh? . I mean she even lied about smoking weed in college to Tupac and Snoop. . who weren't even around yet https://t.co/DG0PEuCFEt
@InGodITrust74 I also suggested a book called "Don't know much about history", which chronicles most of the major events in American history. So it's a short history lesson from the beginning of America, to the present day. Authors name is Kenneth C. Davis. . These are good beginners books
@InGodITrust74 The books are very good, and they're easy to read and even have a lot of pictures from the period. They're fun books to look at and read. They'll really enjoy them, and they're very knowledgeable. Axelrod writes like a teacher.
@InGodITrust74 Someone the other day asked me for books for his grandchildren. It's good to start them off on a beginners level,instead of digging in to an advanced book. an Author named "Alan Axelrod" has a series of books that chronicles many of the american wars, called the "Real history of"
https://t.co/EAYdsxWDwg Even CNN is now reporting that the police have evidence which suggest Jussie Smollett orchestrated the "attack". . We've been proven right AGAIN. This story stunk from day one
@JesseeVicars Good topic! The forgotten white slaves of America. . Good book called "White Cargo" by an author named "Don Jordan"
@SGTHarleyDaveK Have you seen Hacksaw Ridge? If not you can still catch that or set it to tape
@YourServiceYW Can't beat that! He's the best
@fierymom3 @LonewolfnDuke great movie
@turnin2 He's the best, for sure
@arrowcarpet mine too. . What's your favorite Clint movie?
The reason why the left doesn't want people learning history is because they don't want kids learning about their racist and disgusting past. That's why when they do teach history, it's a revisionist version where project their wrongdoings on the right. and they omit their crimes
@GregXMitchell It's been ingrained into them. This is what progressive indoctrination does to people. They have been brainwashed into hating everything America stands for
@Tagg1957 I once did a poll on here using 16 Eastwood movies to find out what was people's favorites, and Josie Wales came in first
@YourChoicePod Easily one of my 10 favorite movies all time
@TOUGH_TEXAN I really liked it. It's a slow movie, but I really enjoyed it
History channel is showing some great movies today. Silverado was on earlier, then Hang Em' High was on, now Unforgiven is on, and then later Hacksaw Ridge is on. . My DVR is going to be filled. lol
So by me giving a history quiz every morning, I'm actually causing a growth in racism
@TOUGH_TEXAN And that's 100% real. Some people on the left might look at that and think it's fake, but that is completely true
RT @1776Stonewall: Learning history breeds racism? . . You've been indoctrinated my friend. https://t.co/iIjw45CuVG
Learning history breeds racism? . . You've been indoctrinated my friend. https://t.co/iIjw45CuVG
@GirlOnFire_6969 https://t.co/XA29WRlhdS here's today's quiz
https://t.co/QN93r4fHZl  THANKS OBAMA! Trump Is Using Barack’s Executive Order On Mexican Cartels To Build Wall
@USAFOREVER2016 Thank you Cathy! So are you
@wdelarme I hate to admit it, but I'm actually from New York
And if there is a subject that you find yourself enamored with and would like to buy a book on the topic, I would be more than happy to make a recommendation
so I figured by doing a daily quiz would allow people to test their knowledge, and then research the 4 options. It can become addictive and people will want to dig deeper once they start reading about a certain topic, and perhaps even go out and buy a book on the subject
By the time they graduate they hate the founding Fathers, hate the settlers and colonists, hate the early presidents. They are now tearing down statues and even removing paintings from University walls that are now deemed "offensive"
Schools and Universities don't teach real history anymore. If they teach it at all, it's a progressive revisionist version of events, which is even worse than not teaching it at all. Young people have their heads filled with things that simply aren't true. It really upsets me
I used to give a daily history lesson every morning. i did it for a year and then stopped. So many people DM'd me asking to bring them back. So I decided to switch it up and do them in quiz form, which I am now doing every morning. It's gotten a great response. Thank you everyone
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/Up5Q7I7rC5 This is outrageous!
https://t.co/QY0TptQ16z LOL: After Twitter Banned Trump’s “Everybody Hurts” Video, He Uploaded It With A BRAND NEW SONG! Trump always gets the last laugh! Watch
@TheRealdStyles1 I did do a Valentines lesson the other day. did you see that one?
RT @realjstreet: @1776Stonewall Awesome way to encourage history lessons. Thank you.
@realjstreet my pleasure. Thank you
@motmemes one of those incredible stories in history
@Jakeroo88 Ask him
@TheRealdStyles1 lol. But you are learning this way. you can research all 4 and before you know it you will have learned a real lot. You're learning 4 new things a day this way
@LisaAnde213 Thank you. I used to do a daily history lesson, and people have been begging me to start them again. I decided to switch it up and start doing them in quiz form, allowing people to then research the 4 options, learning even more in the process
@zattack2016 They're even discussing getting rid of her district, so that she couldn't run again there. she wouldn't win in most other places. Her district happened to be 80% minority, mainly hispanic
@Calif_Scott I love that. That's what I was hoping for. That people would research all 4 options. Before you know it you'll have learned a great deal of history. I always had a goal to learn at least 1 new thing a day, so when you go to bed, you were more knowledgeable than when you awoke
@MrAxiomatic I'll have another one tomorrow, and every morning. Thanks for playing
@zattack2016 That's very true, actually
https://t.co/jmyTDr2PcC Are you starting to see why I kept urging people to promote AOC? She's the best thing to happen to us since Trump
I didn't ask what's America's best sporting event. I asked which of these 2 were better. . I don't even watch football anymore, except if the Patriots make the Super bowl because I know how much the left hates them.
It's funny how the left is competing with each other about who is the craziest. Maxine was leading, then Warren started to gain momentum, Schiff was making his mark. . . and then came AOC, and she left them all in the dust. But here comes Mad Max
https://t.co/wS7A8JItcD This woman is a danger to America
RT @trish_regan: #ICYMI: #AndrewCuomo, STOP whining about New York’s tax problems! No, it's not @realDonaldTrump's tax cut that put your st…
https://t.co/Up5Q7I7rC5 This is outrageous!
The better American sporting event?
@teb22696 Studying is a good thing. . I had a feeling Molly might trip a few people up, because that name rings a bell to many people
RT @1776Stonewall: Even the leftist media realizes they have an AOC problem. She is absolutely destroying the left. Here's a quick clip of…
@vegasg8r89129 I have my next poll posted. Let's see if you get this one
The next quiz has been posted on my page - Go vote
Today's History Quiz: It is often said that the U.S. Civil War started and ended in this persons backyard, even after they moved after the start (so 2 different houses in 2 different locations). What was this persons name?
RT @1776Stonewall: I had a feeling the "Molly Pitcher"one might get you. The correct answer is sybil ludington. . . Ready for next quiz?
I had a feeling the "Molly Pitcher"one might get you. The correct answer is sybil ludington. . . Ready for next quiz?
RT @mommofour: @fearwriter @1776Stonewall @EarthDesires Fox News is SHOWING clips from the rest of MSM !  So now you think that’s not real??
@jeffrotech2003 she's the best thing to happen to us since Trump
@mommofour @fearwriter @EarthDesires amazing
@Connectionary A whole paper trail of contributions from Alan Mendelsohn, a criminal who went to prison for laundering drug money from South America. He was funneling money in exchange for political favors
RT @1776Stonewall: @Connectionary I'm afraid there's much more my friend. I don't think you understand just how dirty Rubio truly is. not r…
@Connectionary I'm afraid there's much more my friend. I don't think you understand just how dirty Rubio truly is. not really sure why you're defending him so much either? The FBI and DEA were all over these scandals  https://t.co/nMBx7d5PnV
Even the leftist media realizes they have an AOC problem. She is absolutely destroying the left. Here's a quick clip of some in the media pointing at her stupidity (excuse my cat at the end. Lol) https://t.co/MKUa00wzK1
https://t.co/UOXTr8mWCr and don't forget this
@Connectionary https://t.co/UOXTr8mWCr
RT @1776Stonewall: @Connectionary https://t.co/H9JDOjhsUc who says it doesn't have merit?
@Connectionary https://t.co/H9JDOjhsUc who says it doesn't have merit?
@YourServiceYW I don't really trust him either, but he has his moments more than some of the others
@KGlikes8645 https://t.co/Uf88Yk4UhS Don't forget that George Soros funded the RINO's who fought against Trump in 2016. McCain, Ryan, Kasich, Graham (though he has improved), Bush and of course Rubio
https://t.co/Uf88Yk4UhS and let's not forget this: George Soros gave money to the RINO swamp rats who fought Trump during campaign. Those RINO's were John McCain, Paul Ryan, Jeb Bush, John Kasich, Lindsay Graham (though he's gotten better), and of course rubio
@KGlikes8645 He's a swamp creature through and through
RT @1776Stonewall: Look how triggered this loser got, simply because I called Marco Rubio "Narco Rubio". . A big supporter of the Floridian…
Look how triggered this loser got, simply because I called Marco Rubio "Narco Rubio". . A big supporter of the Floridian RINO https://t.co/DWwxDZ6aza
https://t.co/ifvSR5Uukz The great Jon Voight has a new pro-life movie, "Roe V. Wade" and the left is having a mental breakdown over it. Voight is hitting them right back.
RT @1776Stonewall: @outforbeer @AggieSlyFox07 @charliekirk11 it's sad that you even had to explain that. This guy is clearly just another s…
@outforbeer @AggieSlyFox07 @charliekirk11 it's sad that you even had to explain that. This guy is clearly just another stupid leftist, pretending to be a conservative. That question he asked had "lefty" written all over it
RT @atensnut: How many people does it take to stage a HATE HOAX???	Too many to count		3 Empire Actors:	Hollywood Celebs:	All of NBC,ABC,CBS…
https://t.co/j2uiJ6mmHM DESPICABLE! Chelsea Clinton And Dems Do The Unthinkable Right After Five Cops Are SHOT
@JustMy_NameHere @AggieSlyFox07 @charliekirk11 haha! That's great
@JustMy_NameHere @AggieSlyFox07 @charliekirk11 Well said. Agree on all counts
@outforbeer @AggieSlyFox07 @charliekirk11 Absolutely. The Dems don't play by any rules. nothing Trump does will change what the Dems will do when and if they take back power. They abuse any power they ever have. i mean Obama weaponized every intel agency. Isn't that a dangerous precedent?
@BillyBobBobo1 @AggieSlyFox07 @charliekirk11 Exactly right. Obama did it 13 times, Bush I think did it 14 times and I think Clinton did it 12 times. . but if Trump does it once, it's a problem? This is the danger of the media. Their fear tactics even get some of our own sometimes
@KingBroly @AggieSlyFox07 @charliekirk11 They lie about everything. We shouldn't allow that to stop us from doing what needs to be done. Truth is that these radical Dems are going to do it anyway when they take power, whether Trump does it or not
@KeepOnTrumpin20 @AggieSlyFox07 @charliekirk11 Exactly. There's currently 31 emergencies in effect right now. . and what, if Trump doesn't do it, neither will they? lol
RT @1776Stonewall: @AggieSlyFox07 @charliekirk11 What??? The precedent has been set for years. It doesn't change what the Dems would and wo…
@AggieSlyFox07 @charliekirk11 What??? The precedent has been set for years. It doesn't change what the Dems would and would not do. Why, if Trump doesn't do it, you expect the Dems to not do it? There are currently 31 emergencies from former presidents in effect right now, as we speak. Trump can't do one?
RT @1776Stonewall: @charliekirk11 Yet Trump calling one, somehow sets a dangerous precedent. and that's not just the left saying that, Narc…
@charliekirk11 Yet Trump calling one, somehow sets a dangerous precedent. and that's not just the left saying that, Narco Rubio said that
RT @1776Stonewall: Imagine supporting a political party that celebrates when they chase 25,000 jobs out of their community? . .  "Yessssss!…
Imagine supporting a political party that celebrates when they chase 25,000 jobs out of their community? . .  "Yessssss! We told those jobs to go to hell! High five baby! High fucking five!"
@dolanspringsaz 53 actually
RT @1776Stonewall: Susan Collins is a disaster. Even when people were praising her for Kavanaugh decision, I wasn't. why praise her for alm…
Susan Collins is a disaster. Even when people were praising her for Kavanaugh decision, I wasn't. why praise her for almost going against us? The 50 other Republicans who backed Kavanaugh the entire time were the real ones to praise, not the one who almost stabbed us in the back
https://t.co/fUHRqhkK2V POWERFUL: Gary Sinise Breaks Down After Being Thanked For Work With Veterans. Sinise is such a good dude.  Watch this
RT @ScaryCheri02: @1776Stonewall Excellent Twitter right here. Keep it up. Very interesting
@ScaryCheri02 for a year I did a daily history lesson on Twitter. People kept asking me to bring them back. I get DM's all the time asking me. . I decided to switch it up this time and teach the lesson is a quiz. This way people can look up the answers  themselves and learn about all of them
Of all the surveillance camera's these were the only 2 people of interest. And coincidentally they work for the same show that Jussie stars on. almost sounds staged, does it not?
RT @1776Stonewall: And here they are, ladies and gentlemen. These are the 2 "white redneck looking guys" that supposedly tried to lynch Jus…
And here they are, ladies and gentlemen. These are the 2 "white redneck looking guys" that supposedly tried to lynch Jussie https://t.co/r8U67IMuwv
Remember what the "witness" said? Said that she saw 2 "Hillbilly looking white guys" and went on to describe them in the most stereotypical ways possible.
This is what happens in many cases. Something happens, and then the victim lies about what actually happened to try and make himself to be more of a target. Smollett is a known Trump hater and racist, and perhaps used this as an opportunity to attack Trump and white people.
The Police have arrested 2 people of interest in the Jussie Smollett case. both of these men are black and from Nigeria and are connected to the show Empire, which Smollett stars on. . This just keeps getting better. lol. . Doesn't sound like "2 white Trump supporters", does it?
@PhilosopherSto6 For a year I did daily history lessons. People had been asking me to bring them back, so I decided to start a daily quiz. . I also had some polls to find out people's opinions on the greatest military leaders of all time, using 32 military leaders. some great discussion was had
https://t.co/9bVdi9aG6C Trump smacks down lying Jim Acosta again. Watch
RT @1776Stonewall: @seanhannity "The world is ending in 12 years" is the fake emergency, darling
@seanhannity "The world is ending in 12 years" is the fake emergency, darling
@mashby_ashby @Calif_Scott that's great. Thank you. . I'll have another good one tomorrow morning. Every morning
@Minda7Q My pleasure. So glad so many people are learning history from these. I'll have quiz's every morning. Come back tomorrow for the next
@mashby_ashby And you did it right. You took a guess and then you researched all the women. So you had a good history class today. . Come back tomorrow for another quiz
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's history quiz: Who was the female "Paul Revere", that warned the local militia that "the British were coming" dur…
Like I said, forget congress. Every bill they give will be horrible, and shutting Government does nothing to help us. not only won't they help build a wall, they are now openly talking about tearing down existing walls. Beta O'rourke and Kirsten Gillibrand have already said this
Here are the 5 Republicans against Trump calling a National Emergency https://t.co/QNk7IfxMZI
RT @1776Stonewall: @Cernovich You're using the leftist "cult" description I see. . funny how you all started using that word at the same ex…
@Cernovich You're using the leftist "cult" description I see. . funny how you all started using that word at the same exact time. Ironic, actually.
It appears Trump has 8 Billion for the wall: $3.5 Billion DOD military construction, $2.5 Billion DOD Drug interdiction, $1.37 Billion DHS appropriations and $601 million Treasury Drug Forfeiture (El Chapo)
RT @1776Stonewall: and remember that Elizabeth Warren believed she was an American Indian because she had high cheekbones. . . so I'm assum…
and remember that Elizabeth Warren believed she was an American Indian because she had high cheekbones. . . so I'm assuming, using the same logic, that Abrams might be American Samoan?
AOC is celebrating chasing 25,000 jobs out of Long Island City, saying that she did this for "everyday people" that they "stood up and wanted a say of what was happening in their own backyard". Who does she think these jobs were for? They were for everyday people. What a disaster
The media is trying to fat shame Trump? lol. Seriously? Aren't you morons high on Stacey Abrams? https://t.co/cYqcl13SYt
Howard Schultz tells Dems "Nominate a moderate and I'll leave" . . I do love what this guy is doing. He's helping to expose the left for the radicals that they've all become. Not so long ago, Schultz would've been considered a great Democrat candidate
RT @LarrySchweikart: @ColumbiaBugle @DodgUSA24 Nobody got outplayed.		Trump is crushing  them with zero help from the GOP.
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/WU5dTzzqLO Like I said, Trump has quite a few alleys for Border Wall money. Look at this: Five state legisl…
https://t.co/WU5dTzzqLO Like I said, Trump has quite a few alleys for Border Wall money. Look at this: Five state legislatures are considering bills that would provide additional funding for the southern border wall.
RT @charliekirk11: National Emergency!		There have been 58 national emergency acts since 1976 and 31 are still active		There is precedent t…
Dems call border crisis, where there's warehouses filled with drugs and guns, a #FakeTrumpEmergency,  but they say the world is ending in 12 years from Climate change. Talk about a "Fake emergency", huh? . . Do me a favor, get the fuck off the planet. We'll take our chances here
https://t.co/2yQ5566UfP LOOK: Farmer Takes Media To Border, Reveals Gaping Holes In Border Fence Exploited By Illegals
It's very important that we keep this woman front and center. she's the best thing that's happened to us since Trump. And her costing NY 25,000 jobs. . The Dems are on the wrong side in every poll. Capitalism is twice as popular as socialism in new poll https://t.co/9gks14ZAgJ
@AlanaSparks8 @IngrahamAngle he doesn't have a choice. The bill sucks, but every other bill will also suck. The Dems have the House. keeping the government shut permanently isn't an option. Calling the emergency was right move. in the meantime he can build where he can, then use emergency funds for the rest
@AlanaSparks8 @IngrahamAngle It's a shitty situation, but this is going to be the case with every bill. They have the House. Trump can't just keep government shut. That's not an option. It's easy for people to say, but let's be realistic. Trump's making the most of a bad situation. Emergency was right move
RT @1776Stonewall: @IngrahamAngle Remember that border agents do NOT get paid during shutdown. So for people saying "Just keep the Governme…
@IngrahamAngle Remember that border agents do NOT get paid during shutdown. So for people saying "Just keep the Government shut". . So you want to shut the government permanently? so border patrol NEVER gets paid ever again? this is what happens when Dems have the House. EVERY bill will suck
@greyhownd @IngrahamAngle Yes! Exactly right. These limitations are only for the bill. The emergency money, once approved by the supreme Court, doesn't have limitations
@robdetf @IngrahamAngle Exactly right. Build where you can right now, and then finish in places you were blocked with the emergency funds
@kd12385 @IngrahamAngle That's going to be in any bill. They have the House. We knew this would happen if they took back the House. you can't permanently shut the Government down. border patrol doesn't get paid during shutdown
@IngrahamAngle shutting the government down is EXACTLY what the left wants. It stalls everything and it puts the power in Pelosi's hands. you would literally be waiting for Nancy Pelosi to build you a wall. Forget that. Forget congress. Trump did right thing, took matters into his own hands
RT @1776Stonewall: @IngrahamAngle Forget congress. I've been saying this from beginning, he'll NEVER get a good bill from congress, EVER! H…
@IngrahamAngle Forget congress. I've been saying this from beginning, he'll NEVER get a good bill from congress, EVER! He can shut the Government down for a year, won't change anything. Build where you can with this, and then do the rest once the National emergency gets through Supreme Court
You trust the left to keep their word that if Trump doesn't do this, that they also won't?
Rush makes great point: For people saying Trump calling Nat. emergency starts dangerous precedent, that if Dems take back power they can do same thing on Climate Change. Obama called 12 Emergencies. And do you honestly believe the left wouldn't do it anyway because Trump didn't?
RT @1776Stonewall: And Tapia was a terrible cocaine addict. died from it. He bought drugs in Mexico all the time and was never busted for c…
And Tapia was a terrible cocaine addict. died from it. He bought drugs in Mexico all the time and was never busted for crossing border. that's just 1 of millions of examples on what happens every day. This is such basic common sense, that it's pathetic I even have to explain this
@MrSimmonsSr it's a stunning lack of common sense. Just one of countless examples
RT @1776Stonewall: I've read many books, even autobiographies of random people that live on the border and they'd write about crossing the…
I've read many books, even autobiographies of random people that live on the border and they'd write about crossing the border every day. for instance the autobiography by the late great boxer, Johnny Tapia "Mi Vida loca", he talks about partying in Mexico every day. He's from NM
RT @1776Stonewall: You can't have statistics on what you didn't catch. These stats are because the drugs they DO find, were at the ports, b…
You can't have statistics on what you didn't catch. These stats are because the drugs they DO find, were at the ports, but no one could possibly know what hasn't been caught. If I cross the border right now with a bag of heroin, that's not going to register into statistics
https://t.co/rk12NN3u7Y Greedy Kaepernick Reportedly Turned Down Job Offer To Return To Football
RT @1776Stonewall: it's the same with everything. perfect example was the New Green Deal. when college students were asked if they supporte…
it's the same with everything. perfect example was the New Green Deal. when college students were asked if they supported it, they said yes, and then they were told what it actually entailed, and they immediately changed their minds. That's the root of the left's entire existence
RT @1776Stonewall: As I've always said, the left/media learned long ago that when it comes to their followers, it isn't about what is actua…
As I've always said, the left/media learned long ago that when it comes to their followers, it isn't about what is actually happening, all that matters is what they tell them is happening. 99% of people will never actually go to the border and see for themselves
I love the idiots calling it a #FakeTrumpEmergency . Aren't you the same morons who attacked Trump for questioning the FBI/"experts"?. . The 5.7 Billion Trump wanted was a number the Border patrol suggested. The border agents agree there's a #RealEmergency, so does the DHS
@Lazy50239268 Thank you. And that's exactly what I was hoping for. History is a great thing to learn, and there's so much of it, there's always more to learn. and it's fascinating
All these women are real and were all around during the Revolution. Take a guess at the answer, and then if you'd like, research each of them. you can learn a lot today. and I'll have these quiz's every day.
@Calif_Scott It's good to learn history. Next time though, take a guess and then research answer. . all these women were around during the time, so if you'd like you can research all of them, learn a lot today
Stock market nearing record highs. . up nearly 400 points so far today
Trump realizes he's never going to get a good deal from congress. The establishment is for open borders. he can shut the government down all he wants, it won't change anything. so he has taken matters into his own hands and called National emergency. He made the right move
There is a beautiful statue to her in Putnam county New York, atop her horse "Star"
Today's history quiz: Who was the female "Paul Revere", that warned the local militia that "the British were coming" during the American Revolution?
OK, good job people - 59% got it right.
@mrnemo12 @realDonaldTrump So would I. I listen to Rush every day. . getting ready to now
The press has been advancing this insane conspiracy that Trump was about to sign the last bill until Rush Limbaugh told him not to. LOL. It was such fake news. I was listening at the time, and Rush has been mocking them ever since
Rush Limbaugh probably had to rewrite his entire show, after the president just raved about him. I guarantee Rush will mention that maybe the first thing
These idiots actually think that all the drugs come across the ports of entry. That's so stupid. You can simply walk over to Mexico in thousands of different areas. I was talking to someone who visited the border the other day and accidentally drove her car across the border
Jim Acosta just said "I believe in facts". . . After lying through his teeth about the border
https://t.co/UYLeY6HH2O In case you missed it, Trump just announced National Emergency. Watch
In order to coverup her death, thousands of people would have to be in on the coverup, including the President himself. And why would Trump do that when he desperately wants to name a 3rd Justice? I mean come on already, seriously
Trump just announced National Emergency!
For the most part SC justices are not in the public eye. I've gone months without seeing kagan, I never pretended she was dead because. Even Gorsuch, I've seen maybe 3 times in the last year. I didn't see Stephen Breyer for a long time. Maybe he died, too? Maybe they're all dead?
@chevmann64 I wouldn't put it past people to actually say that
@TommyLambertOKC 🙄
Waiting for Trump to speak - expected to call State of Emergency
@BillOReilly Was the reporter eating a subway sandwich by any chance?
RT @1776Stonewall: Today's history quiz: Who shot President James Garfield?
RT @1776Stonewall: @charliekirk11 Shutting the gov down again does nothing. you can shut it for a year, won't change anything. The Dems wil…
@charliekirk11 Shutting the gov down again does nothing. you can shut it for a year, won't change anything. The Dems will NEVER approve a wall. Shutting it down hoping they come to their senses is a pipe dream. That would be putting ball in Pelosi's hands and waiting for her to build us a wall
@charliekirk11 Exactly! This is the point so many are missing. Shutting the Gov down again stalls all this. Shutting it down 1st time was great. It exposed the lefts open border policies and forced the media to talk about a losing topic for them. Their poll numbers with independents are tanking
RT @1776Stonewall: Having the Deputy AG wear a wire to try and set up the President and attempt to persuade cabinet members to spy on the h…
@LisBaumann https://t.co/TH6YnfU68X here's the video
@jeredthechemist It's like Santa Clause. Free shit sounds great to a child, until you grow up and realize that nothing is actually free
And I guess Adam plans on lying to his grandkids? As if they're not lied to enough in schools and TV
I'll remind you for example that when college students were asked about the green deal they initially supported it, then learned what was actually in it and changed their minds. The 25% that support Socialism, most don't really know what it means. 10% probably truly support it
Having the Deputy AG wear a wire to try and set up the President and attempt to persuade cabinet members to spy on the him in hopes to use the 25th amendment to impeach him is in the constitution? . I must have missed that when I was a history major https://t.co/bOvY6t8UCJ
Capitalism crushes Socialism in popularity, as Socialism loses support with the American people https://t.co/EXMYvdt0Qv
@krobinson_3232 yeah I think he's their best chance too. Compared to the others he doesn't come across as absolutely insane
https://t.co/TWgl6b9n5y  Joe Biden to announce his presidential bid. . I actually think he could win the nomination, which would be funny that an old white dude wins the Democrat primary, after all their "white privilege" bullshit
RT @Liz_Wheeler: Beto admits he “absolutely” wants to tear down our EXISTING border walls.		https://t.co/9mwIXFlI5G
RT @BenBradleyTV: .@WGNInvestigates has learned new details about the two men police are questioning about Jussie Smollett’s claim he was t…
So they accused Trump of colluding with Russia, but it was actually Hillary and the DNC who colluded with Russia. They accused Trump of obstruction, but now McCabe admits he ordered the obstruction probe against Trump. . . Alinskyism 101/projection
https://t.co/Xyo6w79kDQ  And now NBC is telling their pathetic viewers that they're going to be disappointed in the Mueller "report" (if there ever even is one). . They're all saying it now. Mueller has told them he has nothing. read this
@LoeWEarl Good job. I'll have another tomorrow. It's a bit harder than this one. let me know tomorrow how you did
@turnin2 "Ignorance is Bliss" (the doctors name)
RT @1776Stonewall: Police had to watch hundreds of hours of video, go from store to store, camera to camera and wasted hundreds of hours of…
Police had to watch hundreds of hours of video, go from store to store, camera to camera and wasted hundreds of hours of the police's time, when they could've been saving people's lives instead. This asshole needs to go to jail!
Once again, lefties, your media lied to you. Why do you keep allowing yourselves to be used as pawns? This story stunk from day one. We all knew it was bullshit
ABC Chicago is reporting that Jussie Smollett staged his attack because he was being written off of "empire". . . We've been proven right, AGAIN!!!
@dbongino More than a hoax, a straight-up Witch Hunt
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino Basically Mueller's entire team has exposed this all as a hoax. Not just Andrew McCabe, but Bruce Ohr, Lisa Pa…
@dbongino Basically Mueller's entire team has exposed this all as a hoax. Not just Andrew McCabe, but Bruce Ohr, Lisa Page, Peter strzok, and even James Baker of the FBI. If you still believe a word of it, You're simply an idiot
The word is that Trump will be calling a National Emergency as early as today or tomorrow
Top Dem Who Defended Anti-Semitic Rep. Omar EXPOSED For Troubling Ties To Farrakhan https://t.co/hVGtKyGPt7
WATCH: McCabe Admits He And Deputy AG Rosenstein Discussed REMOVING TRUMP https://t.co/ovO9lUgqBY
Trump is already finding money outside, and already building large sections of wall. But if you honestly think shutting the government again will somehow make Pelosi build the wall for us, you're wrong. We're in 2020 campaign mode now. Handing Trump a victory is out of the cards
For people advising Trump to shut the government down again , that's terrible advice. Congress simply isn't going to give him the money to build the wall. Shutting government down again does nothing. That would be waiting for Nancy Pelosi to build us a wall. Never going to happen
RT @1776Stonewall: The Jig Is Up! You have Andrew McCabe admitting the corruption of the justice department against the Trump campaign and…
The Jig Is Up! You have Andrew McCabe admitting the corruption of the justice department against the Trump campaign and then President Trump. You even have Adam Schiff attacking Mueller, calling his investigation inadequate because word has leaked that he has nothing
John pistole, who served as deputy under Robert Mueller for 6 years in the FBI, is also now saying that Mueller does not have evidence of collusion and will not even issue a report
Amazon pulls out of their plans to open up headquarters in NYC, costing New York 25,000 jobs. It was to open up in the district adjacent to ocasio-cortez District. I remember it was her  who said we don't want you here. They chased away 25000 jobs
Even the liberal NY Times is admitting it
We've been proven right again!! Andrew McCabe Says Justice Officials Discussed Recruiting Cabinet Members to Push Trump Out of Office https://t.co/K7PMPF1cE4
Border wall underway https://t.co/ut1DxvFnTM
Senator Bob Menendez was asked by a reporter about the embarrassing green deal, and not only did he refuse to answer the question, but he actually threatened to call the cops on the reporter for harassing him. McConnell was brilliant to bring this to the senate floor
Dan Crenshaw Issues Direct Challenge To Beto, And It’s Already Gone Viral https://t.co/nNGCkwEMxq
Great book on this subject is "Destiny Of The Republic", by Candice Millard
https://t.co/sCCyg2bZxN HELL YES: Republicans Advance New Rule Change That Would Give Trump Victories For Years To Come
History is very fuzzy, so much so that even though Claudius is the Emperor said to have executed Valentine in 278 AD, Claudius is listed to have died in 270 AD. The Emperor listed in 278 AD is Probus
While in prison, legend has it that Valentine befriended the jailers daughter and wrote her a note, which he signed "From your Valentine" . . History is not clear, and truth is that there are multiple references to different "St. Valentines" - though this is the most prominent.
The legend of St. Valentine is not what you might think, it's actually quite brutal. On Feb. 14 278 A.D., Emperor Claudius the Cruel had banned marriage in Rome. When he discovered that Valentine was secretly wedding couples, he ordered him clubbed to death and beheaded
Quick Valentines day lesson: Make sure you read all 3 parts (not including this one)
Just to let you know, all 4 of these men are assassins, or attempted assassins. If you would like, you could look up who each of them assassinated, or attempted to assassinate (after you vote, of course)
Today's history quiz: Who shot President James Garfield?
Ok, if you haven't found out yet, the correct answer is "B", Nelson and Blueskin. . 31% got it right. . . I will be posting another quiz question in a few minutes
https://t.co/hYP0FN13Ox LOL! Avenatti to give up financial control of law firm after he's accused of hiding millions
https://t.co/vz8Ob9N0Ti Wisconsin GOP Forces Removal Of Kaepernik’s Name From Black History Month Resolution
@cindilou20 Ask him in the morning. . . And I'll have another quiz in the morning as well
RT @1776Stonewall: History Quiz: What were the names of 2 of George Washington's favorite horses? (I will give the correct answer in an hou…
RT @1776Stonewall: @SaraCarterDC @JohnBrennan He also must have missed the part where Adam Schiff, and other top Dems, are now attacking Mu…
@SaraCarterDC @JohnBrennan He also must have missed the part where Adam Schiff, and other top Dems, are now attacking Mueller himself, calling his investigation "inadequate" , because they've been told by the Special Counsel team that they found zero collusion
Just like Mueller tipped off CNN of the Stone raid https://t.co/8piZhaDV46
And we are now the #1 oil producer in the world, surpassing Saudi Arabia and RUSSIA. . . Also Texas, for the first time ever, is exporting more oil than it imports
RT @1776Stonewall: There is now a RECORD number of job openings, 7.3 million, and more Americans are working than EVER before in the histor…
There is now a RECORD number of job openings, 7.3 million, and more Americans are working than EVER before in the history of the country. Wages are up the highest in over a decade and financial optimism is at an all time high
Trump has created 5.3 million new jobs, 600,000 manufacturing jobs that Obama said were gone forever. 2 pipelines currently being built, ANWR is about to open, which is trillions of $. . also remember that Harvard studies showed that 93% of Obama jobs were minimum wage, part time
New statistics out today show that since Trump has been president 1.5 million people are off of food stamps and a million out of poverty. . compare that with Obama, who put 14 million MORE people ON food stamps and 12 million MORE IN poverty.
@MAGADROP yeah. And why is he pulling half a car? lol
RT @1776Stonewall: Ironically your "bio" says "I don't delete my stupid tweets". . . this is one of those stupid tweets. But hey, admitting…
Ironically your "bio" says "I don't delete my stupid tweets". . . this is one of those stupid tweets. But hey, admitting you're an idiot is step one. . you misspelled "Winning", by the way https://t.co/hEJzEU8Ybz
RT @1776Stonewall: Once again, exactly as I've been saying the whole time, you take the money, continue building the wall, while you prepar…
Once again, exactly as I've been saying the whole time, you take the money, continue building the wall, while you prepare the rest of the money. And there's much more money than just the 1.4 Billion. . and there is no cap on detainees as I showed before https://t.co/bePnCnAKBi
New Fox poll (which oversamples Democrats by the way) shows that 66% of Americans approve of a budget deal that includes money for the wall. . only 21% disapprove
RT @SaraGage906: @1776Stonewall Oh, indeed it is! https://t.co/KjVMEnUAyx
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/b4WPCuIDvi The wall is already being built. Read this story. The writer didn't believe it until he saw proo…
https://t.co/b4WPCuIDvi The wall is already being built. Read this story. The writer didn't believe it until he saw proof himself. Trump's building the wall in segments in various important locations and there's money coming from all over. This segment was $145,000,000
@mturnersc Lone Ranger. . . Lee's horse was named "Traveller"
@RoboBeef Great that you're doing this.. You know Rush Limbaugh has a series called "Rush Revere", geared towards children. The books teach the real history to kids. As a matter of fact they're banned in liberal schools
@RoboBeef As far as your kids, being so young, like I said it's best to start with the basics. Then get into more advanced books. if you were looking for books for yourself too, then I could definitely suggest some more specific advanced books. My favorite book is "Devil in the white city"
@ella_soes Nice! I'll have another one in the morning
@moseisleyport76 lol. That was my Japanese food
https://t.co/ffkrFEzdIq  WATCH: Pelosi Slurs Words, Fails MISERABLY When Trying To Pronounce Names Of Dominicans. This is just sad
I'll explain this for the millionth time. He always said Mexico will not write a check, they would pay for it in trade deals. That's already accomplished. mexico has already paid for it. . also the wall pays for itself as illegal immigration costs hundreds of billions per year https://t.co/MmvwlAMfkf
Corey Lewandowski says exactly what I've been saying: Trump should take the money, which pays for wall till September, and get the rest of money in meantime. And like i said, this bill does NOT have a cap on detainees https://t.co/teoKFdAp3i
https://t.co/qZIM9BaKGH  Stacey Abrams’ Nonprofit Smacked With 7 Violations!
https://t.co/F56rcuIFgW Remember a few days ago I said that there were documents coming (emails)  that showed the FBI tried to make the classified emails that Hillary had on her illegal server "unclassified" to protect her of a crime? Happened right before the election.
@Josh_is_so_nice @dbongino wow. Twitter is amazing, isn't it?
@RoboBeef This way they can learn the basics, then if they want to dig deeper into a topic they can buy a book on that specific topic, which there are also introductory books on each topic. An author named Alan Axelrod has books chronicling each American war (at least most of them)
@RoboBeef I find the best way is to give a brief history lesson of American history in chronological order. so if they are just beginning to learn, the best might be a beginners book. An author named Kenneth Davis has books called "Don't know much about history" which chronicles history
@realGlennGriggs I think that's the best way. Take a guess and then look up the answer. you played it right
@ArmoniaLise I'll have another quiz tomorrow morning
@Cowboydawg96 I think that's the best way to play - take a guess and then look up the answer. you probably learn more that way because you can read up on the topic. . I'll have another quiz tomorrow, thanks for playing
@turnin2 good memory! Your papaw must have been a history buff
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino Gotta give props when they're due, this was a brilliant move by Mcconnell. . As rush said today, it was "Trump…
@dbongino Gotta give props when they're due, this was a brilliant move by Mcconnell. . As rush said today, it was "Trumpian"
Trump's probably the only person in politics actually losing money. . . The funny thing is that the media reports the exact opposite https://t.co/7GheZ5EnCH
@NovPaC Thanks for playing. I'll have another quiz tomorrow
@turnin2 That was the name of one of his horses (he had many). Magnolia he traded to Robert E. Lee's father - Light Horse Harry
I will give the answer at some point, but really I suppose the best way would simply be to guess the answer, and then look it up after you vote
@lcline39 Great timing!
@OjaiParanormal well you learned something, which is good. tomorrow though take a guess and then look it up
should I give the answer in an hour, like I said, or wait till the poll is over tomorrow?
@RoboBeef I love that. What topic and how old are they?
@TheRealdStyles1 Thank you
For a year I did daily history lessons on here, one for each day of the year. I think I'll start doing a daily history quiz
History Quiz: What were the names of 2 of George Washington's favorite horses? (I will give the correct answer in an hour)
I do have to agree with the left one one thing: Howard Schultz is absolutely helping Trump. He is pointing out how bad the Dems policies really are, slamming the green deal, calling them out on their politics
The funny thing is that bill was just slamming the new green deal a few days ago, saying that the super rich don't actually have that money in Banks, that it's mostly in stocks.
So what's stopping you, Bill? Put your money where your mouth is. Nothing is Stopping You from giving the government more money. https://t.co/NEscPpq3ec
@SSteve115 And I posted a story yesterday that Texas is looking to use 2.3 billion in "rainy day" funds to build their own border wall
@jianluca192 That's exactly right! This money allows us to start building immediately while everything else is put in place in the meantime. This takes us to September
@steelraptor2 Yes in the DHS
@ella_soes In various ways. There was about 20 California House races where a republican held the lead after election day. All of them ended up going to the Democrats in the following days. Finding BS lost ballots
RT @1776Stonewall: Wrong on all accounts. The media absolutely is running for office. The media IS the Democrat Party. And Trump did win wh…
Wrong on all accounts. The media absolutely is running for office. The media IS the Democrat Party. And Trump did win where he campaigned in 2018. He campaigned for Senate. As far as the house, you stole 20 seats in California. You were trailing on all of them after Election Day https://t.co/OJziB8LhTo
@GreatAwakenin16 Thank you. Yes, I have my radio and TV schedule, and between 12 and 3 Eastern Time it is Rush Limbaugh
RT @1776Stonewall: What rush just said, and I said yesterday, that 1.3 billion is enough to continue constructing a wall until September, w…
What rush just said, and I said yesterday, that 1.3 billion is enough to continue constructing a wall until September, which is the end of the fiscal year, and he can call national emergency and while we wait for it to make it through the court system the wall will be being built
Israel has stopped illegal immigration by basically 100%. Norway erected a border wall a few years ago and the year before there were over 1500 border crossings, and that number went down to  20 after the wall was up. You're refusing to see what's right in front of you
RT @1776Stonewall: That's only because you don't want to believe it. There are examples of Border walls working all across the world, in ov…
That's only because you don't want to believe it. There are examples of Border walls working all across the world, in over 30 different countries. And there are examples right here, in San Diego, and Yuma for example https://t.co/hcmgE5CR6c
Rush is going over a list of Border walls already under construction. There are quite a few walls being built in segments as we speak on the Rio Grande, in California, in Texas, etc
@TrshoreTshore Not true. That's their media lying to them. That's to save face. They're using the word "Barrier" instead so they can lie to their followers
@kmc1230 It's not that its illegal, but people think that just because you're giving money to something that it can immediately be used for that cause. That isn't the case. I can raise money to build statue, that doesn't mean that the government will build it just because I have the money
Some people have it in their minds that it's just the 1.3 billion and that's it. That's not the case at all. The money will be coming, and is coming, from multiple directions
Mick Mulvaney has said that there's 23 billion dollars for border security put aside, there's another 700 million that it looks like Trump can use for a wall, and Texas is looking to use rainy day money, 2.3 billion, to build a wall. It's coming from a lot of different places
I'm listening to Rush Limbaugh and I'm happy to say that he's on the same mindset as I am on Trump signing border bill. You take this money up front, start building the wall, and he has a few other alleys to get more money. It doesn't all have to come from the same place
Hillary Attacks Trump For ‘Copying’ Her, Ends Up Humiliating Herself Instead https://t.co/yMHwax2GK5
I'm not a Mitch McConnell fan by any means, but I do have to give him credit on this one. This was a brilliant stroke of Genius https://t.co/nAx5YAWrdt
And remember also fat 81% of independents liked trumps State of the Union and agreed with him on immigration
A new IBD poll spells bad news for the left and the media. It shows that that 60% of independents believe that the media's agenda is simply to attack Trump, and 55% of independents believe that they made up the Russia hoax with  zero evidence to start
@MrBrightsides1 It was actually passed by the republican house and failed in the Senate. . for 5.7 billion
McConnell Pulls BRILLIANT Move On ‘Green New Deal,’ AOC, Dems In Disbelief https://t.co/yFs10MjOIW
@Tim_Price_1971 @DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 This is hilarious. You were caught red-handed using two accounts. And autocorrect doesn't fix dates
@DavidSt47462545 @Tim_Price_1971 @jennmac415 And now you're talking to yourself with two accounts. I asked you to prove your Barr knowledge, and you disappeared for 20 minutes
@Tim_Price_1971 @DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 Now go run away with both of your accounts
@Tim_Price_1971 @DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 Sorry but you were obviously caught using two accounts. And I knew it from the beginning with that lame autocorrect excuse
@DavidSt47462545 @Tim_Price_1971 @jennmac415 You are using two accounts! And I gave you 15 minutes research William Barr and you had nothing. You're just repeating what somebody told you on Twitter and pretending to be an expert
@DavidSt47462545 @Tim_Price_1971 @jennmac415 There you are. After disappearing for 15 minutes. You just replied with the wrong account you idiot. It was quite clear who I was speaking to
@Tim_Price_1971 @DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 You just replied with the wrong account. Oops! I was obviously talking to your other account. You suck at this
@DavidSt47462545 @Tim_Price_1971 @jennmac415 10 minutes since you replied. you have nothing. you've been exposed
@DavidSt47462545 @Tim_Price_1971 @jennmac415 Glad you came back my man. Just to get your ass handed to you again. Come back later, I'll destroy you 4th time
@DavidSt47462545 @Tim_Price_1971 @jennmac415 Where did you go? You were just here. you usually answer me in 30 seconds. you're searching the web for answers because you literally know nothing about Barr. Someone made a lose connection with him and Ruby Ridge (in 1992) and you ran with it, pretending to be an expert
@DavidSt47462545 @Tim_Price_1971 @jennmac415 And you both happen to be on twitter at the same time this early in the morning? I'm not buying it. . You've been caught. . And your time is up
@DavidSt47462545 @Tim_Price_1971 @jennmac415 what's taking so long? Why are you searching the web for answers?
@DavidSt47462545 @Tim_Price_1971 @jennmac415 hurry up. Don't research it. Top 10. GO!
@Tim_Price_1971 @DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 Saying that it was an "auto correct" is a lame excuse . Sorry
@DavidSt47462545 @Tim_Price_1971 @jennmac415 Let's be honest. you know nothing about Barr. You're simply repeating one little "fact that you heard on twitter. . I'll prove it: Quick, without researching: Give me your top 10 objections to him real quick. . GO!
Calling a National emergency takes months, and then you have to hope that Roberts eventually votes in favor of it. I say take the down payment right now and start building this week
to shut the government down again puts you in the same spot as last time - waiting for Nancy Pelosi to build us a wall. That's what shutting the government down again would be doing. You really want to wait for Pelosi to build you a wall? Trump has others ways of getting more $
The "report" is that Trump will accept the deal. . As I said he should. It doesn't make sense to not take money up front, start building the wall this week, and then do whatever he needs to do to get the rest. but to turn down money in the hand is silly.
@Tim_Price_1971 @DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 and "auto correct" doesn't change dates
@Tim_Price_1971 @DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 This is a highly suspicious tweet. You mean to tell me that you read through an hour worth of back and forth, the following morning, just to rush to the defense of someone I kicked the shit out of last night?  you skipped all the way ahead? . . "double account", perhaps?
https://t.co/i8mtSsje3S  Wait? So Bob Menendez believes that illegal aliens should be able to drive drunk without consequences? He literally just said that. . Watch
@SgtBlandMatthew Korn has some great songs. Their first album is classic. "Blind" is probably my favorite track
@Floyd01739023 I do like 5FDP a lot
@AstrochickErin that's understandable. lol
@JacksonValhalla Dime was the best!
@sonsoforegon absolutely! There's some awesome backstage footage of that as well.
@Dankknad2 No one puts on a show like Slipknot. 9 maniacs on stage beating the shit out of everything that moves
@jasonwiese55 both great my man, different styles, different eras. . . That being said, I agree that Slipknot is better, but I grew up listening to Slayer and they have sentimental value. lol
@Dankknad2 I was at the Wantagh NY one (on your shirt). . That's at Jones Beach. They played with Lamb of God and Bullet for my valentine
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 in 2012?
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 Even a 5 year old then, I guess, knows more about Ruby Ridge than you
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 Like I said, once you admit that i destroyed you in round 1, then I will be more than happy to debate you on Barr. Just say "Stonewall Jackson kicked my ass on Ruby Ridge"
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 "2012" lol
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 I've been on the same subject from the beginning - you not knowing when Ruby Ridge was. . So you're anti NRA and you don't know when Ruby Ridge was. That's 2-0 now
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 Of course I did, that's why I corrected you when you humiliated yourself. And for someone who's supposedly "pro gun", why does your "bio" take a shot at the NRA? I mean I like the GOA too, but why diss the NRA?
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 You said Ruby Ridge was in 2012 and then you tried to school me on Ruby ridge. How is that not hilarious?
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 It's hilarious how you're actually trying to school me on Ruby Ridge, when you just humiliated yourself on that very topic. it wasn't in 2012. Talk about a leftist
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 I agree it's over. Ruby ridge wasn't in 2012. No "typo". you got 3 of the 4 numbers wrong.
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 If you would like to acknowledge that I destroyed you in round one, then I might be willing to give you a rematch. Why should I debate you when you refuse to admit that I obviously just wiped the floor with you?
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 mistake? you weren't even close. And now you want to school me on Ruby Ridge? You thought it was 7 years ago
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 it was a first round knockout, my man. Why should I fight round 2?
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 Oh I think my work here is done
RT @1776Stonewall: @DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 maybe because "you don't know what the Hell you're talking about"? lol
@DavidSt47462545 @jennmac415 maybe because "you don't know what the Hell you're talking about"? lol
@SGTHarleyDaveK I like that! I might start using that
@PierSal88 @SGTHarleyDaveK I don't want to take too much credit, I mean look what I had to work with. lol
you're not even close. it was in 1992. so don't even pretend that was a typo.
@SGTHarleyDaveK That was too easy. He set the pins up for me. I had to knock them down
RT @1776Stonewall: At least I know that Ruby Ridge wasn't in 2012. Opps! https://t.co/o2iXuNhhOT
At least I know that Ruby Ridge wasn't in 2012. Opps! https://t.co/o2iXuNhhOT
https://t.co/EgObh9ogyG While I do like Rand Paul, this is a reason why I wouldn't vote for him for president. . . At least in the primaries. I'd obviously vote for him over a Democrat/Socialist if he won the primaries
@VerdadyJustic12 that would be very cool. just don't put it on your Bar registration
@TechQn I've seen them a few times. Last time was when they toured with Lamb of God. They absolutely put on the best show. They always win the "best live band" award in Revolver
@TechQn I'm in NY, but I agree CA has the best concerts
@VerdadyJustic12 Well early Metallica and Slayer aren't so different. both thrash. . And I was also a Biggie fan, as well.
@TechQn Both great, different styles. but I would also give the edge to Slipknot
@USMCMom2016 Time flies. 20 years ago their debut album came out. I played that for about a year straight
@JstwrknATX Saw Bullet for my valentine when they toured with Slipknot and Lamb of God. Incredible tour
@JstwrknATX I've seen all those bands live, except for Tremonti
Ok, the answer has been guessed. The correct answer is: Metal is a tie between Slayer and Slipknot, and hard rock is Guns N' roses! Thanks for playing. About 10 of you will be receiving a very stale black and white cookie in the mail
@PIRATEDANTRAIN Slipknot is correct!
@Rimer_Chris top 10 easily, for me
@Riff_Raff45 black and white
@sonsoforegon you got the hard rock one. you get a cookie
@llmohr you got the hard rock one. Cookie for you
@pitdogman Slayer is tied for #1 with one other metal band
@LynnBardon Nirvana is in my top 5 Hard Rock bands
@JacksonValhalla top 5
@taiyalc You got the hard rock one (GNR)
@Rainbow_Harvest I do like them both a lot
@rolloone You're VERY good. Guns N. Roses is correct, and Slayer is tied for my favorite metal band with one other group, a little more recent than Slayer
@AstrochickErin You got the metal one. . Slipknot is the correct answer! Slayer would also be acceptable
@GeauxTrump2016 top 10
@kakeenan Top 5
@number1shred I have a tie between 2 metal bands. . you just got one of them! And there's also a Hard rock band, which is separate
as far as metal, it's kind of a tie between 2 bands. Hard rock it's just one. . . so you have 3 choices
@RockStarLife90 I like their old stuff a lot, but not my favorite. Top 10 though
If you can guess what my favorite hard rock band is, and my favorite Metal band, I'll give you a cookie
I had quite a few people DMing me, shocked that I used to listen to Tupac and rap, and asked what I listen to. . I used to listen to rap when it was good in the 90's. I've always listened to metal and hard rock, still do. I like country and bluegrass. . I like it all, except pop
https://t.co/GeFUEaF5Jz This is outrageous! A woman locked in jail for calling a trans woman a man on Twitter? Arrested in front of her 10 year old autistic daughter?
RT @1776Stonewall: Kamala Harris says she smoked weed in college listening to 2Pac and Snoop Dogg. Just 1 problem: She graduated in 1986. 2…
@KT1rulz tragic. I was devastated
@TheArkansasGoat Most probably didn't get that. lol
@EricMMatheny He had a few songs on their albums, but I wasn't a big DI fan for the most part. Ihad his songs with them on mixtapes though (songs like same song)
@bowater2014 Em is very talented. Shame he's such a dick
@stl_cty it's both. His albums used "2Pac" for the most part https://t.co/ijG8X2KENs
And also unlike Kamala, I can actually prove it. I still have all his albums in my basement. (somewhere)
I was actually (unlike Kamala) a very big 2Pac fan. Haven't listened to rap in years because it's all shit now, but 2Pac was actually a great poet
@Leftwing_25 you're correct
Kamala Harris says she smoked weed in college listening to 2Pac and Snoop Dogg. Just 1 problem: She graduated in 1986. 2Pacs 1st album came out in 1991, Snoops in 93, or even 92' on Dre's "The Chronic" (fittingly). .Why do they lie about EVERYTHING??. . Now, me on the other hand?
https://t.co/oZOACBrU8P  Look who's back! And crazier than EVER!
https://t.co/vcXoQnO4JC  WOW: Dem Rep Tries To Scare Conservative Teenager; ‘You’re Right To Be Afraid Of Us!’
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/V5aHvZ7yZD LOL: Reporter FREAKS OUT Over ‘Offensive’ T-Shirt Poking Fun At Media
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/FnXUfUQbaz The state of Texas is preparing to build it's own border wall, using 2.5 billion from their "rai…
https://t.co/FnXUfUQbaz The state of Texas is preparing to build it's own border wall, using 2.5 billion from their "rainy day" funds. . . Didn't I tell you yesterday that I liked you Texans best?
@DavidDexter16 It's funny that you ask that because the State of Texas is actually considering that right now. . . https://t.co/FnXUfUQbaz
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino he's been investigated for 3 years. Before Mueller took over, the FBI investigated him for 9 months. Obama's i…
I had missed this when it happened. It's from the SOTU, but did you see AOC give a high five to the air? https://t.co/aRYSMG7BxV
@SGTHarleyDaveK I don't know how they get through life. I don't even know how they get through a day
https://t.co/V5aHvZ7yZD LOL: Reporter FREAKS OUT Over ‘Offensive’ T-Shirt Poking Fun At Media
@dbongino he's been investigated for 3 years. Before Mueller took over, the FBI investigated him for 9 months. Obama's intel even put spies in his campaign to plant the Russian hoax. And the House has 79 investigations digging into Trump and the SDNY. His entire life has been investigated
@P_Day63 Yes, I remember. I tweeted it out when it happened. . Even after he was humiliated with facts, he kept going. He even sent me a NY Times article from 3 months ago. lol
@DavidDexter16 what's that?
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/FGyAXvIS76 Katy Perry apologizes for "blackface" shoes!
Remember she once gave this insane apology for wearing an Asian outfit in one of her videos? She was crying, saying how sorry she was for "stealing their heritage". . . These leftists are out of their fucking minds!
https://t.co/FGyAXvIS76 Katy Perry apologizes for "blackface" shoes!
Next thing you'll tell me is that they're going to separate him from his family, too
So Mexican drug lord, "El Chapo" Guzman, will now be behind 4 walls? how immoral
@JimmieJamJones His bio uses the word "Jewish" specifically. He clearly hates Jews
RT @1776Stonewall: @Peace2Palestine @americanguy65 Dude. you said they haven't even bought one soybean since November. That's what you said…
@Peace2Palestine @americanguy65 and that article is from November. lol
@Peace2Palestine @americanguy65 Dude. you said they haven't even bought one soybean since November. That's what you said. you were proven wrong. They've recently bought 7 metric tons. and you come back with a NY Times article? And you pretend to not be a leftist? Everyone's laughing at you.
RT @1776Stonewall: @Peace2Palestine hahaha. i literally just proved you wrong. What a loser
@skis416 @Peace2Palestine just another confused leftist
@Peace2Palestine hahaha. i literally just proved you wrong. What a loser
@Peace2Palestine @JohnJosephRath4 You were just proven wrong. Admit it
And read his "bio". He's another Antisemitic leftist. Probably a Farrakhan/Omar supporter
And China just agreed to buy another 5 million tonnes (metric tons) of U.S. soybeans.
RT @1776Stonewall: Another lying lefty. Says China has not bought even one soybean from us since November. This is a flat out lie. I can sh…
Another lying lefty. Says China has not bought even one soybean from us since November. This is a flat out lie. I can show many links, even from the liberal media. They've been buying a lot of soybeans from us. . Here's a Reuters story from last week https://t.co/SBwfSk9508 https://t.co/Pt5jVZJ8QB
RT @1776Stonewall: @Peace2Palestine https://t.co/SBwfSk9508 that's not true at all. They've been buying soy beans left and right. Even the…
@Peace2Palestine https://t.co/SBwfSk9508 that's not true at all. They've been buying soy beans left and right. Even the liberal media was forced to admit that.
@kmc1230 Trump won 85% of the American counties. The Democrats are a coastal party at best
@Lazy50239268 Exactly. Nearly 100 investigations in all, digging through Trump's entire life, every single business deal he's ever done, and they have found nothing. It's actually quite amazing how clean he is. I figured somewhere down the line everyone does a shady deal, especially in NY
RT @Lazy50239268: @1776Stonewall But 79 House committees and the SDNY are investigating Trump's entire life. Mueller was outrageous, but th…
RT @1776Stonewall: You're lied to about EVERYTHING. lied to about Michael Brown, lied to about Charlottsville, lied to about Covington and…
You're lied to about EVERYTHING. lied to about Michael Brown, lied to about Charlottsville, lied to about Covington and Phillips, lied to about Kavanaugh, lied to about Michael Cohen. Hell you were even lied to about fucking koi fish for crying out loud. your whole life is a lie
RT @1776Stonewall: You want to call our media fake? you've been lied to every minute, of every day, for nearly 3 years now. Don't forget th…
You want to call our media fake? you've been lied to every minute, of every day, for nearly 3 years now. Don't forget that the FBI investigated Trump for 9 months before Mueller was even named Special Counsel. You even had spies in Trump's campaign. Clapper admitted that.
RT @1776Stonewall: So the Senate intel committee acknowledges no collusion - even the Dems. The House intelligence also found no collusion.…
So the Senate intel committee acknowledges no collusion - even the Dems. The House intelligence also found no collusion. Bob Woodward admitted that he investigated Trump "hard" for 2 years and found no collusion, and now Mueller himself. . Face it, lefties, you've been had
https://t.co/ekKrXWluUN As I've been saying, the Dems are starting to panic and are desperately trying to lower expectations on Mueller's "report". Now even Adam Schiff have resorted to attacking Mueller himself for an "inadequate" investigation. . . This is fun, is it not?
With the great news on the economy, more job openings than ever before, the stock market was up 372 points today, nearing record territory again
It appears that criminal referrals for FISA abuses await the new AG. About time!
New documents show that the state Department tried to make the classified emails on Hillary's illegal server unclassified, to save her from committing a crime (after the fact)
Even the Senate Dems are forced to admit NO COLLUSION! You morons on the left have been lied to on a daily basis. You should be fuming. . . but you're not https://t.co/40hvA4kxxx
WATCH: Trump UNLOADS on Rep Omar – "I Think She Should Resign From Congress" https://t.co/egUfYMgo09
BOOM: Trump Saves Taxpayers $450 Billion, Drops The HAMMER On Obama’s Signature Act https://t.co/917Md70WiU
RT @1776Stonewall: Doesn't make any sense to not take it, calling a National Emergency would take months in the courts, and with Roberts in…
Senate Intel Committee Announces ‘NO DIRECT EVIDENCE’ of Russia-Trump Collusion https://t.co/iAoC704Hh4
@DakotaMenendez7 @VelcroGang No oh, that was taken out. No reduction
@VelcroGang But then you're taking a chance of getting nothing. I don't trust Roberts in the Supreme Court. We'd have to wait months and months just to get it to the Supreme Court. Why not start building this week?
RT @1776Stonewall: @VelcroGang It doesn't prevent him from calling a national emergency or doing something else a few months from now. Why…
@VelcroGang It doesn't prevent him from calling a national emergency or doing something else a few months from now. Why not start building right now?
Doesn't make any sense to not take it, calling a National Emergency would take months in the courts, and with Roberts in the Supreme Court , I'm not super confident
There's no reason to call a National Emergency right now if the Democrats are offering 1.3 billion for the wall. I would try to bump them up a bit, take the money in the hand, start building the wall, and then in six months from now do whatever you have to do to get the rest.
RT @1776Stonewall: Trump might as well take what money he can get, and then he can call a national emergency or find other ways like execut…
Trump might as well take what money he can get, and then he can call a national emergency or find other ways like executive orders or a few other options that have been tossed around for the rest of the it. But this is money up front. We can start building immediately
@Ascaryclown Why not do both? Get the money up front and then call an emergency for the rest
Because, to be honest, I'm shocked they're offering him any money for a border wall. They simply can't allow a wall, as it cuts off their future voters that they need to have a chance of remaining in power. Trump's done an amazing job to get them this far
The left is starting to budge a little on Border negotiations, have now offered him 1.3 billion for a border barrier, and have gotten rid of their ridiculous limitation on detainees. I'd bump them up a little for a nice down payment and then get the rest of the money elsewhere
RT @1776Stonewall: @DonaldJTrumpJr I wonder how Stacey Abrams feels about this? I mean she probably let's off enough methane the takeout Ne…
@DonaldJTrumpJr I wonder how Stacey Abrams feels about this? I mean she probably let's off enough methane the takeout New Jersey with one of her legendary room clearing farts
https://t.co/SkisilsfgV drudge Reports top headline suggests that Robert Mueller won't release any report at all. Personally I believe he'll release something right before the 2020 election. Time will tell
RT @1776Stonewall: @DonaldJTrumpJr So they want to reduce cow farting, but eat less cows? Shouldn't we be eating more meat?
@DonaldJTrumpJr So they want to reduce cow farting, but eat less cows? Shouldn't we be eating more meat?
WOW!: Lefty 9th Circuit Court STUNS, Delivers Major Victory To Trump In Border Wall Battle https://t.co/3Ov4SCkxL4
Andrew Cuomo approval rating drops to the lowest in 8 years, down eight points from last month
Job openings hit the highest level ever! 7.3 million job openings!
They would be chasing every company out of the country. And who would it help? Countries like China, most of all, who would welcome them with open arms. Millions of jobs chased away
I mean let's be real here for a second, why would any successful business support the left, who is promising to destroy them? Businesses couldn't possibly survive with what they're promising
Bill Gates is attacking the Democrats tax plans of taxing the top 1% 70 to 90%. They are going to chase away many of their own backers. As I predicted these young far leftists are destroying the Democrat Party
Isn't this fun?
AOC Talks Smack About Major Dem Bill ‘Passed By House’… It Hasn’t Even Been Voted On https://t.co/DamNKXy0Ku
It's a sharp contrast, you have the pro American side and the anti-American side. It couldn't be any clearer where their loyalties lie
LOOK: Trump Event Full Of ‘USA’ Chants; Beto’s Rally Plays Music In Spanish, Mexican Flags Fly https://t.co/rB61AOcUSu
Today is Abe Lincolns birthday.  I like to give little "did you know" lessons. Here's one: Did you know that Abraham Lincoln's body is basically mummified? He was embalmed so many times during the "funeral train" that his body is perfectly preserved. His body was exhumed in 1901
Everything is a prop to the left. Nothing is authentic, everything is forced and rehearsed. Watch Elizabeth Warren yank this child's arm like Harambe the Gorilla, and then throw her hand up like a fucking maniac. This woman is pumped up with amphetamines and shakes like an addict https://t.co/sepJzyvyNY
@IngrahamAngle @realDonaldTrump 75,000 tried to attend
RT @IngrahamAngle: It was 45 degrees outside and this was the overflow crowd. #ElPaso @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/FipvNxp8di
@RoboBeef He's more capable than most of them
@JRA17122494 yep, yanked his arm like harambe the gorilla
@trumps_all As I always say, with the left it's not about what actually happened, it's what you tell them happened.
@claremiller10 Everything with her was forced, nothing was natural. She went through the motions. Come out to the stage with an exaggerated smile, point to some random person in the crowd, bulge your eyes out of your head and nod like you pretend you're connecting with someone. Totally phony
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino Exactly. And as we have to do our research and actually learn the ins and outs of everything, they simply repl…
@dbongino Exactly. And as we have to do our research and actually learn the ins and outs of everything, they simply reply with "no", which happens to me all the time. Happened today in fact
The left doesn't have a good candidate. Their rallies are horrible. Saw some of Beta's, and he just doesn't have it. No ore Bill Clinton's to be found. I didn't agree with Bill's politics, but he was a great speaker. I mean did you see Warrens? Holy shit! Even worse than Hillary
@ella_soes it was pretty awesome, for sure
@ella_soes that's crazy. I'm not sure if it's meant as a good or bad thing? Though I'd assume it's good because there is a huge right wing nationalist movement happening in Italy
RT @sotiridi: OMG WTF? i thought those pictures were fake on #4Chan but that Trump giant in an Italian parade was actually TRUE...		#Italy…
@RealSaavedra that doesn't look, or sound, like "7,000" people, as the media is reporting
RT @1776Stonewall: Why is balloon Trump wearing a Democrat uniform though? https://t.co/8iH52KsCWw
Why is balloon Trump wearing a Democrat uniform though? https://t.co/8iH52KsCWw
@ScoutDrayton Thank you. Much appreciated. . . Just don't mind the yankee accent
In his own town, I might add
@clearlyunrefine That actually is the dream. Big property and a barn for the cats. lol
@Jeff_Con_45 both good people
@JZ3618 The last thing I'd want to do is turn Texas into New York
@Malkizar we're in the same boat
@JonStancik and look at your old state now. shame
@ElliotStone17 CNN must have done some tricky camera work. . . like with the koi fish
I'm from New York, but I'll be the first to admit, I like you Texans the best
So 70,000 people tried to attend the Trump rally, and I don't have the exact number yet, but it looks like maybe a few hundred came to Beta O'rourke's. . I mean this guy couldn't win with 100 million in out of state money. What did you expect without even that?
https://t.co/qbOsn1DK3W After his Anti Trump movie flops at the box office, Michael Moore just received even more devastating news!
@RoboBeef And those "likes" are accidental. They're Trump supporters. They meant to like my tweet. That happens all the time
RT @1776Stonewall: @KamalaHarris And aren't these the same people who want to tax people upwards of 90%, chasing businesses away? It's incr…
@KamalaHarris And aren't these the same people who want to tax people upwards of 90%, chasing businesses away? It's incredible how many people still don't understand the basics that Democrats are for higher taxes. They complain about taxes, then vote for the high tax party. it's unreal
@netwrkguy @KatiePavlich @dbongino @TuckerCarlson @TomiLahren @IngrahamAngle @HARRISFAULKNER @foxandfriends @RealJamesWoods @realDonaldTrump @KimKardashian @Jim_Jordan @RepMarkMeadows @RepMattGaetz The left takes advantage of people's ignorance. It doesn't matter what the reality of the situation is, all that matters is what you tell them
RT @KatiePavlich: Keith Ellison met with the president of a bank that funds Palestinian suicide bombers and other terrorists who kill Jewis…
@Trump2016DJT @DondlePercy And his "bio" says he loves God, yet he supports a party that's trying to erase God from courthouses and everywhere else
@cork_s @DondlePercy with 90% negative lying media coverage. Higher than Obama's at the same time of his presidency, with 90% positive lying media coverage.
@WLFanning Well there's a time zone difference don't forget. lol
RT @1776Stonewall: Oh yes "the lies". you mean like how the food for the football players wasn't actually a "mile high"? That was counted a…
Oh yes "the lies". you mean like how the food for the football players wasn't actually a "mile high"? That was counted as a lie by your brainwashing media. And how's that "collusion" thing going? Find any yet? Other than the 12 million the DNC paid for Russian propaganda that is https://t.co/HikKel0ECf
RT @1776Stonewall: @KamalaHarris 35,000 people liked this tweet. See this is what the left does, they take advantage of your stupidity. The…
@KamalaHarris 35,000 people liked this tweet. See this is what the left does, they take advantage of your stupidity. They know you don't know what you're talking about. . Let me explain: If you pay fewer taxes, which 80% of America now is, then you get fewer returns. This isn't rocket science
leftists say the dumbest things, and then they deny ever saying them. Like they're saying caravans aren't a problem because they "turn themselves in". But didn't they say we "tear gassed" them? And I guess those stones they were throwing are just part of the immigration process?
Nobody gets a message across like President Trump. #ElPaso
https://t.co/4yrmIRiTs5  REVEALED: Democrat’s Anti-Semitism Runs Deeper Than We Knew, Wrote For Farrakhan-Linked Outlet
RT @1776Stonewall: @FrankBrun1 A recent study of universities showed that liberal professors outnumbered conservative ones 12/1. And it's p…
@FrankBrun1 A recent study of universities showed that liberal professors outnumbered conservative ones 12/1. And it's probably higher than that, I'm sure
@drfessel @Kooka03 Good job! and by her photo, it looks like you're raising her right. She'll be able to take care of herself
RT @1776Stonewall: The old Dems, who knew they were lying (Schumer, Pelosi, the Clinton's, etc) they don't actually believe the Earth is en…
The old Dems, who knew they were lying (Schumer, Pelosi, the Clinton's, etc) they don't actually believe the Earth is ending in 12 years, or anytime soon for that matter. but these young psychos like AOC, Omar, they actually believe it. They didn't know they were being lied to
RT @1776Stonewall: Just think about the "teachers" "educating" your children. It's not funny. It's terrifying. your children are being scho…
Just think about the "teachers" "educating" your children. It's not funny. It's terrifying. your children are being schooled by absolute nut jobs. you literally have an insane person teaching your kids
RT @1776Stonewall: This is on a whole other level. I've been following politics forever, but the absolute insanity was NEVER on the level i…
This is on a whole other level. I've been following politics forever, but the absolute insanity was NEVER on the level it is now. Like I said, the difference with the Old and young left, is that the old Dems knew they were lying. . The young left actually believes the lies.
https://t.co/XEGBrQ2Iuo The left continues with their INSANE fear tactics. MSNBC’s Katy Tur Claims ‘Millions And Millions’ Will Die Without AOC’s Deal within 12 years. . How many times, and for how many different reasons, can they keep saying "millions will die!". Watch this
@tgdesrosier Aside from Lou overreacting to the shutdown, he's extremely pro Trump. He just called him the greatest modern president the other day. I posted the video. And he never has on leftists
@jwalwilson Don't forget Varney in the morning, if you're watching TV or listening on radio at that time. Varney is my go-to morning show
RT @1776Stonewall: @Teaparty_man @dbongino It's MUCH more than that. The Nazi's aided him to get rid of the British in India. The FIL was c…
@Teaparty_man @dbongino It's MUCH more than that. The Nazi's aided him to get rid of the British in India. The FIL was comprised of Rommel's "Afrika Korps" , which was created with the hope that the Nazi's would one day invade India. The FIL itself was formed in Nazi Germany as part of the German army
If you're watching Fox News, with that Never Trumper, Judge Napolitano on - you shouldn't be. You should be watching Lou Dobbs on Fox Business
https://t.co/LnJEpq4AS8 Joyless Behar loses her mind in insane rant, goes off on Meghan McCain
@ChrisLYanksFan I agree, but the alternatives are probably just as bad if we were to look into them. Like adidas just coward to pressure and had to pull a white sneaker because people called the sneaker racist
@ChrisLYanksFan He plays a lot of golf
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/ympHAbi6IW Rush Limbaugh was on fire today, giddy over all the great news. If you didn't see it or hear it,…
https://t.co/ympHAbi6IW Rush Limbaugh was on fire today, giddy over all the great news. If you didn't see it or hear it, here's the podcast. .
It's more clear than ever: We're Winning!
RT @1776Stonewall: @chuckwoolery @orcatra What I love about these young lefties is that they are exposing everything the left tried to hide…
@chuckwoolery @orcatra What I love about these young lefties is that they are exposing everything the left tried to hide. The left has been Anti Jewish for years. I mean they're all friends with Farrakhan, but they're no longer hiding photos with him. I mean Obama had Morsi to the WH dozens of times
RT @1776Stonewall: Welcome aboard!! https://t.co/KG2bhb6hb8
Welcome aboard!! https://t.co/KG2bhb6hb8
Gallup poll finds that 69% of people expect to be in a better financial position next year. Meaning financial optimism is way up - 16 year high, in fact
RT @1776Stonewall: @AppsTrever It's pathetic. Every commercial geared towards women has to use words like "fearless", "strong, "independent…
@AppsTrever It's pathetic. Every commercial geared towards women has to use words like "fearless", "strong, "independent", "powerful". . They treat them like weak pathetic children. If I was a woman I would find it insulting. And I know women who do
@EnkaAshevilleNC yeah, he's playing his best golf in years, at 48. I like his chances for a major this year (hopefully the US open, finally)
@1Romans58 That's twitter censoring the shit out of me
If you haven't seen this yet, watch it. It'll make your day. I promise https://t.co/otullhuieW
RT @1776Stonewall: As a matter of fact the left wants to do away with the word "man" on many levels. Like in the military. . . Remember thi…
As a matter of fact the left wants to do away with the word "man" on many levels. Like in the military. . . Remember this: https://t.co/LsBk8bejnx
Today is #WomenInScience day! . . notice how they never have "Men" in anything day?
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino I'll also remind people that just yesterday, AOC top aide was caught wearing a shirt of Subhas Chandra Bose, w…
@dbongino I'll also remind people that just yesterday, AOC top aide was caught wearing a shirt of Subhas Chandra Bose, who founded the "FIL", which consisted of troops captured by Nazi Field Marshal Erwin Rommel. The FIL swore and oath to Hitler and was under SS command.
"Beta" O'rourke will be giving the rebuttal of the #TrumpELPaso rally. What is it with the left that they send out losers to speak after Trump. They had Stacey Abrams after the SOTU (which was filmed beforehand). I mean Beta lost, even with 100 million dollars of out of state $$$
https://t.co/LuVl3PNcAn House Democrats fighting hard to take away your 2nd amendment rights
RT @1776Stonewall: The media keeps reporting a "rise in antisemitism", as if to blame Trump, yet you elect Inhan Omar, who doesn't even try…
RT @1776Stonewall: BETTER THAN OBAMA: Trump’s Approval Much Higher Than Obama’s At Same Time https://t.co/7XV8OKxivA
BETTER THAN OBAMA: Trump’s Approval Much Higher Than Obama’s At Same Time https://t.co/7XV8OKxivA
WATCH: Students Supported AOC’s ‘New Green Deal,’ Until They Learned What’s In It. And isn't that Just always the case? https://t.co/VwNvprQ463
@tailsthecat1 @ChrisLYanksFan @BettancourtJean @LisaOvercomer7 Probably going to have a biopsy in a week or so. Thanks for asking
@ChrisLYanksFan @BettancourtJean @LisaOvercomer7 https://t.co/cIAstVfS93
RT @1776Stonewall: @ChrisLYanksFan @BettancourtJean @LisaOvercomer7 This is the part where you send him the link to the Rasmussen poll, whi…
@ChrisLYanksFan @BettancourtJean @LisaOvercomer7 This is the part where you send him the link to the Rasmussen poll, which shows Trump at 52%, a 23-month high, and he immaturely laughs It Off as a phony Poll. Talk about 'cultist'. And isn't it funny how they all started using that term at the same time?
And actually I just heard that she did Apologize. She already caved to pressure
So do you see why I keep tweeting about these morons?
RT @1776Stonewall: Do you see what's happening here? These anti-American, insane radical leftists are absolutely destroying the left. Meanw…
Do you see what's happening here? These anti-American, insane radical leftists are absolutely destroying the left. Meanwhile Trump's approval rating is the highest in a year
Pelosi, Dem leaders urge Omar to apologize for 'anti-Semitic' tweet https://t.co/026TMlPbGW
Kamala Harris Bizarrely Cackles, Supports ‘Some Sort’ Of Reparations For Slavery . watch https://t.co/loAYbP5wQN
To go along with Trump's 52% approval on Rasmussen, Gallup research finds a 16-year high on optimism in people's Financial futures
WATCH: Jake Tapper’s Jaw Hits Floor As Liz Cheney Blasts Elizabeth Warren As A ‘Laughing Stock’ https://t.co/Z96hIeigMk
Great win for Phil Mickelson, his 44th PGA victory. One away from tying Walter Hagen for 8th all time. I had to stream the last two holes at work, but it was a nice Monday morning bonus
I like to remind people that a Harvard/Princeton study, a media research study and a recent study, all found that the president gets over 90% negative coverage by the media. And his approval rating is higher than Obama's was with 90% positive coverage. And oversampling as well
New Rasmussen poll out today has President Trump's approval rating at 52%! That is the highest it's been in over a year . . And in reality it's even higher than that
The media keeps reporting a "rise in antisemitism", as if to blame Trump, yet you elect Inhan Omar, who doesn't even try to hide it. And let's not forget Obama, and his pal Muhammad Morsi, the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood who said Jews were the descendants of apes and pigs
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/iS4sNYzOYr  In one of many bizarre moments, Elizabeth Warren aggressively yanks young boys arm at rally. Wa…
Epic! https://t.co/mUNxHPbRNi
https://t.co/iS4sNYzOYr  In one of many bizarre moments, Elizabeth Warren aggressively yanks young boys arm at rally. Watch
RT @1776Stonewall: People kept asking me why I kept mentioning ocasio-cortez? This is why! I knew she would be a disaster for the left. I k…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/l66qHH29pK John Podesta, Hillary's 2016 campaign chairman, reveals Hillary's plans for 2020:
RT @1776Stonewall: @MSNBC This is such fake news. Remember the photo you morons showed of "kids in cages"? That was from 2014, when Obama w…
@BreitbartNews free as an eagle
RT @1776Stonewall: NANCY INEBRIATED? Recent Slurs In Speech and Cringeworthy Moments Raise Questions About Her Sobriety https://t.co/bxTSi4…
@COgal63 I was crackin up
RT @COgal63: @1776Stonewall BEST line was when Clint Eastwood said at the end that this was better than the Grammy’s. 	😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂		#HeWasNotWr…
NANCY INEBRIATED? Recent Slurs In Speech and Cringeworthy Moments Raise Questions About Her Sobriety https://t.co/bxTSi4kgVh
Phil has a 3 shot lead with 2 to play, but Casey (in 2nd) is forcing them to wrap it up for the day, due to darkness. Phil is pissed, wanted to finish. #PebbleBeach
https://t.co/XLOUaycZvd Here are the Grammy wardrobes by Joy Villa and  Ricky Rebel that have lefties crying on social media. #GRAMMYs
@Oversquirrel @MSNBC The left learned years ago that it's not what's actually happening that's important, it's what you say is happening
Beautiful dress by Joy Villa https://t.co/sOXqEngUOr
Phil Mickelson with a 3 shot lead, 4 holes to play at Pebble Beach. This would be PGA win #44, which would put him just 1 behind the great Walter Hagen for 8th all time. Unfortunately they'll have to finish in the morning most likely (getting dark)
@MatthewJshow @MSNBC it's just unreal the blatant fake news. They know they're lying
@MSNBC This is such fake news. Remember the photo you morons showed of "kids in cages"? That was from 2014, when Obama was president. Also 75% of the kids arrive with human traffickers that their parents hand them over to, giving the girls plan B pills, expecting them to be raped
https://t.co/l66qHH29pK John Podesta, Hillary's 2016 campaign chairman, reveals Hillary's plans for 2020:
And sure enough, these modern day socialists are making the same promises and running on a VERY similar platform as the Nazi's did (The National Socialist German Workers' Party)
Subhas Chandra Bose founded the "FIL",which consisted of troops captured by Nazi Field Marshal Erwin Rommel. The FIL swore and oath to Hitler and was under SS command. . And Ocasio-Cortez's top aide is an admirer of his. Imagine this was a Trump aide? Just like Hillary's "mentor"
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/Vz2FcQwyaQ And yet another Ocasio-cortez issue: Here's her top Aide openly supporting a Nazi ally, Hitler c…
https://t.co/Vz2FcQwyaQ And yet another Ocasio-cortez issue: Here's her top Aide openly supporting a Nazi ally, Hitler collaborator. . Keep promoting her. she's destroying the left
@remiel20 it's intentional. She's destroying the Democrat party. I want her and her insanity to be the face of the left. The moderate Democrats hate her
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump @LarryKonecny Well criminals overwhelmingly vote Democrat. Remember Virginia? They fought for the right…
https://t.co/Mfn3aX0x3N  Ocasio-Cortez busted in another blatant lie!
@realDonaldTrump @LarryKonecny Well criminals overwhelmingly vote Democrat. Remember Virginia? They fought for the right for 60,000 felons to vote. . . and look where that got them
The great Clint Eastwood is at Pebble Beach. . And my man Phil Mickelson is in the running again. Playing great golf so far this year
Also, about 75% of the children crossing the border were not with their "parents", but rather a trafficker. And the parents give their daughters plan B pills because they know the traffickers will rape them on the way. Those parents SHOULD have their child taken from them
When you break the law, you get taken away from your family. Every single prisoner has gone through that. . It's the one thing that Obama got right
RT @1776Stonewall: Your side is literally ripping children from it's mother, and even killing them after birth. . also, you idiots proved i…
Your side is literally ripping children from it's mother, and even killing them after birth. . also, you idiots proved it yourself, that Obama did the same exact thing at the border. You're delusional https://t.co/Lu68zyO9yQ
https://t.co/EyBodCEoyN If you missed Mick Mulvaney's interview on Chris Wallace, watch it here. Talking about the border wall and a potential deal in the works. Things are clearly in motion
@MSNBC Nothing better than using their own articles against them, to prove how phony they are
And the places where people might not get money back are in blue states
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/pDBqjiW0Xn This is why NBC is fake news. They're trying to call Trump out for a broken promise, yet they th…
https://t.co/pDBqjiW0Xn This is why NBC is fake news. They're trying to call Trump out for a broken promise, yet they themselves admitted he kept that promise just a couple months ago https://t.co/qqlZRsYJwC
RT @1776Stonewall: @MSNBC https://t.co/pDBqjiEpyN But didn't you also says this? That wages were up the highest in a decade? This is why yo…
@MSNBC https://t.co/pDBqjiEpyN But didn't you also says this? That wages were up the highest in a decade? This is why you are labeled fake news
https://t.co/2XQcxzSbRY
Amy Klobuchar has often spoken about the global warming crisis, so today she announced her bid for the presidency. . . . in "frozen, snowy conditions"
https://t.co/K9HNPbFrQc The leftist media keeps making gay jokes about Lindsay Graham. Homophobic jokes are ok for the left to do, I guess
https://t.co/2ToFeSuoz8 Ralph Northam says he won't resign, but you'll never believe what his plan is to prove he's not racist. It's the most pathetic thing you've ever heard:
2019 border arrests up 70%. This is both good and bad news. The Bad: There are more people crossing the border than ever before. The Good: Thanks to Trump's border policies and allowing border patrol to do their jobs, they're catching more than ever before
RT @DineshDSouza: Leaving the baby to die even when it is viable outside the womb? Northam's position sounds a lot like Margaret Sanger's p…
People kept asking me why I kept mentioning ocasio-cortez? This is why! I knew she would be a disaster for the left. I knew she would split the party. I want her to be the face of the left. Now look at this https://t.co/mc1deatleU
RT @1776Stonewall: @FeliciaCFortin @UTChargerTom @CNN @MSNBC The funny thing is his bio says "back the blue" yet he defends CNN, who advanc…
@FeliciaCFortin @UTChargerTom @CNN @MSNBC The funny thing is his bio says "back the blue" yet he defends CNN, who advanced the whole phony Michael Brown hands up don't shoot story, which resulted in cops being targeted and assassinated across the country. A very confused person indeed
@Chaparro916 @UTChargerTom He first said he went to the hospital, that was a lie. Also when the police showed up to his place, an hour later, he still had the "rope" (string) around his neck. Why keep it on for an hour?
@Chaparro916 @UTChargerTom police went through hundreds of hours of video, and they have all his movements, except or 60 seconds, and there's no one near him when he goes off screen. He also refused to hand over his phone and the police had to subpoena him for it. And he changed his story multiple times
@IDoitforQ1 He might be one of those lefties that pretends to pose as a disappointed, fed up Trump supporter. They can never hide their true selves for long though. We can smell a lefty a mile away
@IDoitforQ1 he's a leftist. What do you expect? I mean it couldn't be any more clear Jussie is lying through his teeth. I posted 3 articles, including from a black rap magazine which says the police are getting ready to charge him with filing a fake report. But whatever, let him be a sheep
Tom here is the reason the media can keep getting away with fake news, because he doesn't hold them accountable when lied to again and again and again. Just like with Michael Brown, just like with Covington, just like with Trump Russia. The left only exists because of these sheep
RT @1776Stonewall: So you have proof that Jussie is telling the truth, after all this time? Because the police and FBI have wasted weeks on…
So you have proof that Jussie is telling the truth, after all this time? Because the police and FBI have wasted weeks on this and have almost all of his movements from the day of the incident. If you have evidence to confirm his story, the police would love to hear from you https://t.co/3fRYwZe1wO
https://t.co/lleStntXrj And here's more. The Chicago police AND media don't believe a word of it. He refused to hand over his phone, so they had to subpoena it to match his timeline
https://t.co/vNgifX3y7q Even the Source magazine, which is a rap magazine, is saying that the Chicago PD might charge him with filing a false report
I mean this guy called himself the "Gay 2pac". 2pac got shot 5 times (and then another 4 when he was killed), you had a little scrape from shaving. And they had rallies for this idiot across the country. Don't you feel like idiots? Of course you don't, but you should
How many times does the media need to be proven wrong on so many cases before people stop believing them? The only reason they keep lying to you, is because you morons on the left keep letting them. Walk Away!
People really need to wake up already. I mean seriously. They completely lied about the entire Covington story, they lied about the Michael Brown story and they lied about this. They lie about everything. And it's beyond dangerous. These lies divide the country, get people killed
https://t.co/bIZ5tOeVFe Breaking: Jussie Smollett a proven liar. Time for him to go to jail! And the media, once again, ran WILD with a fake story
Rob Lowe deleted his Elizabeth Warren tweet after a bunch of lefties cried over it. I can't be mad at him. Truth is, Lowe's a nice guy and doesn't like to upset people. I've read through his twitter page though and he's definitely one of us. . Here was his tweet, and response https://t.co/SRWdWnO7qx
https://t.co/sEqP8yJ3dM WATCH: Judge Jeanine Hilariously Mocks Dems And AOC’s Green New Deal
RT @1776Stonewall: @RealSaavedra I can't believe the willingness of people to hand government complete control of their healthcare and fina…
@DineshDSouza Trump's takeover of the courts is possibly the most important thing he's done (other than exposing the left and the media as a whole). He's had more conservative judges appointed than ever before, and now he's going after the 9th circuit - much to Feinsteins displeasure
RT @DineshDSouza: It's time for conservatives to break the Left's monopoly in Hollywood and in academia! https://t.co/Ww1AXxRWE2
RT @RobLowe: And this movie could NEVER be made today. https://t.co/u877lwpony
https://t.co/6rkhTGN2Wt Trump causes liberal meltdown with one tweet!
Way to go Rob Lowe!!! https://t.co/fsbcJhf5Gb
Leftists feigning outrage over a Trump "trail of tears" comment? Yet you're supporting someone who's been caught "red" handed pretending to be an "American Indian". you people are so lost. . Also, you know who was responsible for the trail of tears? The first Democrat president
https://t.co/Qx2sJ4gN9O IT BEGINS: Ocasio-Cortez Wants ‘Columbus Day’ Banned, &amp; One Ohio City Just Obliged Her
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews Just the ones under Trump, or the thousands under Obama as well?
@BreitbartNews Just the ones under Trump, or the thousands under Obama as well?
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump It's also guaranteeing you reelection
@realDonaldTrump It's also guaranteeing you reelection
RT @realDonaldTrump: I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the s…
RT @1776Stonewall: @dcexaminer I'm assuming Lemon is a "bottom" ?
@dcexaminer I'm assuming Lemon is a "bottom" ?
@RealSaavedra I can't believe the willingness of people to hand government complete control of their healthcare and finances, and to allow them to take your guns as well. They would literally own you
RT @1776Stonewall: @dcexaminer Which category does Don fall under?
https://t.co/dYCeApGV3K Ocasio-cortez and her adviser caught lying about "unwilling workers" - Tucker exposes the truth
@dcexaminer Which category does Don fall under?
https://t.co/SMNhcyct0Q Ocasio-Cortez whines, blames Right wing conspiracy for her failure. sorry, darling, but even your own party is mocking you. Pelosi snubbed the shit out of you
https://t.co/5hAyTUXfqa  Trump Slams ‘Vicious’ House Dems For Shameful Treatment Of Acting Attorney General
@GeorgeForeman Awesome, George! Don't forget to say high to one of my favorite horses, fusaichi pegasus, who's at the same stable
https://t.co/8B86rclqVk  Time for the left to try and destroy another Doctors career
https://t.co/1bnjcG3y9k Sarah Huckabee Sanders’ Face And Faith Are Mocked In Closing Credits Of ‘The Big Bang Theory’
RT @BillOReilly: It is my job to tell you the truth so here it is - too many Americans are more than happy to accept lies and turn the othe…
https://t.co/vVWDLz1eGh Busted! Video evidence shows that CNN arrived 40 minutes before FBI at Stone's house, and set up cameras just 10 minutes before they arrived - perfect timing. Watch
RT @1776Stonewall: It really is amazing though how the left can spend every day, all day and night, race baiting, and then tell a crowd tha…
It really is amazing though how the left can spend every day, all day and night, race baiting, and then tell a crowd that you're against people who race bait. . . and to have the crowd applaud it. It's actually quite the accomplishment.
Their entire platform is "We hate rich people". . Of course Trump's a billionaire, so there's that, but after their 2016 humiliation you'd think they'd have a platform by now.
I just heard 3 minutes of Elizabeth's Warren's rally, and literally all I heard was "race, race, race, black, white, black, white". . . and then she said "enough of the rich trying to put us in classes" . . And the crowd applauded like a bunch of brainless clapping seals
https://t.co/rGHJJhA5VX As if her fathers funeral wasn't made enough of a mockery, Meghan McCain blasts Jared and Ivanka for attending, on an appearance of Stephen Colbert last night
https://t.co/dY9AxkNPx2  Elizabeth Warren's hometown paper suggests she fess up about her fake Indian heritage
@Michelle19_24 @misterdish69 absolutely. and it's also worth noting that this was at the height of Russia hysteria, whereas when the Trump tower meeting took place, meeting with Russians, or anyone for that matter, to get dirt on a political opponent was common practice
@Michelle19_24 @misterdish69 And he sent numerous follow up emails, begging for the information
@jeffrastacosta I can go for some carne asada right about now
RT @1776Stonewall: So you don't want to get rid of airplanes and cars? you don't want to destroy every single building and rebuild them "gr…
So you don't want to get rid of airplanes and cars? you don't want to destroy every single building and rebuild them "greener"? You don't think there's a problem with farting cows? And it's ok for us to eat all the meat we want? (which kinda helps with your cow problem, BTW) https://t.co/C3xNRGL0oC
@BreitbartNews I always hated that show
https://t.co/Svis2qPxUQ After CNN and CBS showed that their own polls that over 70% of America agrees with Trump on immigration, Pelosi and the Dems starting to cave on wall. As a matter of fact Pelosi now says she's out of it, will allow others to negotiate
https://t.co/qyRgNhVR2v Candace Owens Just OBLITERATED ‘Miserable’ Chelsea &amp; Entire ‘Racist’ Clinton Clan (Must See)
I have a feeling that if Tapper were to ever leave CNN, that he'd have a lot of things to say. He has moments where you can tell he wants to be honest.
https://t.co/7wCwe7tXLL Newly released emails from January 2017 show that Jake Tapper tore into Buzzfeed editor for publishing Steele dossier
@BreitbartNews When a clown tells you to stop joking around, you know it's a circus
@SGTHarleyDaveK Yes, but think about all the phony Trump accusers. Hasn't really hurt him. The truth usually finds it's way to the front. Kavanaugh was proven innocent. Fairfax does appear guilty. The accusers have corroborating witnesses, unlike Kavanaughs accusers
What was it that Obama's American hating pastor once said? "Their chickens have come home to roost"
I love what's happening to the Dems. The top 3 Virginia Democrats all slammed in scandal, and Elizabeth Warren's political career going up in flames. The left did this to themselves. All of their bullshit has come back to bite them in the ass. . . And Trump is still squeaky clean
https://t.co/5Rw3x9nedZ  Ocasio-Cortez Makes It Clear — Her Socialist Green New Deal Is ‘MASSIVE GOV’T TAKEOVER’
Don't forget that this is a woman who helped ISIS recruit soldiers, defended 9 men who joined ISIS
https://t.co/FFICnQfwFg WATCH: Democrat Omar Openly TRASHES America, Says Refugees Are ‘Detained &amp; Tortured’. . You idiot lefties elected American hating terrorists
https://t.co/0yyrhuVWCj Ralph Northam makes statement on his future in politics
@zattack2016 @trumps_all yep, but that's their problem. Hopefully Virginia voters remember this next election
@trumps_all that's exactly right. The only reason they still exist is because the media covers their crimes and brainwashes half the country
@krobinson_3232 yea, including in Trumps first month in office
The left tried so hard today to switch the story from their horrendous week by twisting Candace Owens words around, and then . . . . A 2nd accuser comes forward, claiming Fairfax raped her.
isn't it "simply beautiful"?
Democrats continue to warn people of a disappointing Mueller Report. Al Green says "There will be a vote on impeachment no matter what the Mueller report does or doesn't say". LOL
Adam Schiff has been caught on audio and email trying to collude with Russia, and now he's been caught meeting with Glen Simpson. . Yet he keeps talking as if nothing's happened
https://t.co/e2rXhH9MvY Nancy Pelosi has been using a "Bible verse" for over a decade. . . That doesn't even exist. Look
https://t.co/vzIh6qDeaY Ben Stein unloads On Ocasio-Cortez, Says What Nobody Else Dared To (Video)
That was around the time that CNN had on a team of doctors to explain the dangers of drinking too much Diet Coke, that it can destroy your brain and drive you insane. . . just like Trump
Trump passes physical with flying colors. Guess the left will now try and destroy this doctor too. Remember what they did to the last doctor, the Admiral, who was also Obama's doctor
https://t.co/PIHTOTgv8S Watch: Nancy Pelosi slurs her words, mumbles to herself, short circuits, when trying to insult Trump
@zattack2016 @MatthewJshow I don't know how many
And remember what Fairfax said when the first accusation came forward - "Fuck that bitch". That's what he said when the news broke
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/1sQlwPFx4r Remember I told you that more accusations were coming Fairfax's way? Would I lie to you?
@MatthewJshow yep!
RT @1776Stonewall: Just a reminder https://t.co/nljNmVHyl8
Just a reminder https://t.co/nljNmVHyl8
https://t.co/1sQlwPFx4r Remember I told you that more accusations were coming Fairfax's way? Would I lie to you?
Netflix buys Ocasio-Cortez documentary for 10 million dollars. . . Pretty soon she'll be taxing herself 90%
RT @1776Stonewall: @Liz_Wheeler You can tell Chuck Todd wants to say "You are single handedly destroying our party with this insanity"
@Liz_Wheeler You can tell Chuck Todd wants to say "You are single handedly destroying our party with this insanity"
@daveman19802 you might get them
And Amazon has been advertising for jobs in the local papers. They were all ready to set up shop. Most big businesses are taking their companies elsewhere. Cuomo was talking about this earlier this week
https://t.co/MtuXqYZe5R Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez might have just cost her State (And my state, too) 25,000 jobs, with her Anti business policies.
https://t.co/vZtv9zZaQM  WATCH: Cory Booker Compares “Green New Deal” To Fighting Nazis And Flying To “The Ball In The Sky”. . Watch this absolute craziness
Nancy Pelosi says that there will not be a 2nd shutdown, that there will be a deal made with Trump
ABC News Gets PUMMELED On Twitter After Making Fun Of Child At SOTU https://t.co/7wQgtvO8iv
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews Remember when she apologized to Asians because she dressed like an Asian in a music video? She apologized…
@BreitbartNews Remember when she apologized to Asians because she dressed like an Asian in a music video? She apologized for "stealing their culture". These people are insane
Rush Limbaugh said that if Republicans tried to write up a bill, mocking the left, that they couldn't come close to the #GreenNewDisaster .  so true. Cow farts, no more planes, no more cars, destroy every existing building. You would think they are trying to destroy themselves
RT @1776Stonewall: He lives rent free in their minds, folks! These are multi millionaires that Trump has completely ruined the lives of htt…
He lives rent free in their minds, folks! These are multi millionaires that Trump has completely ruined the lives of https://t.co/5Z7GRdxfeO
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump More than just a hoax, it's the biggest scandal in American History. Obama completely weaponized the in…
@realDonaldTrump More than just a hoax, it's the biggest scandal in American History. Obama completely weaponized the intel agencies, much like he did with the IRS to win in 2012, taking down the Tea Party, which the IRS has admitted to. . He put spies in the Trump campaign, admitted by Clapper
RT @realDonaldTrump: Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion, who wrote the f…
https://t.co/ADAPqv0BEA Watch: Acting AG Whitaker silences crazy Dem in heated exchange
New Rasmussen poll out today has Trump's approval rating at 50%. . . and as we know he's even higher than that, but this is after 2 years of over 90% negative coverage. He's higher than Obama was with 90% positive coverage.
https://t.co/3tjz02mOrp WATCH: AOC Demands ICE, DHS Be Abolished, Advocates For Illegals Because ‘We Are A Nation Of Laws’
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/gOGBYEOP8w Venezuelans rip Bernie Sanders, warn Americans about Socialism (they should know). Watch
https://t.co/gOGBYEOP8w Venezuelans rip Bernie Sanders, warn Americans about Socialism (they should know). Watch
https://t.co/qJsz1O5vCB HERE WE GO: Blue State Democrat Governor Set To Implement New Tax On THE RAIN (Details)
RT @1776Stonewall: As @minuteman2002 points out, and he's exactly right, the Conquistadors that destroyed the Aztec empire was Hernan "Cort…
As @minuteman2002 points out, and he's exactly right, the Conquistadors that destroyed the Aztec empire was Hernan "Cortes". . Slightly different spelling, but still fitting, wouldn't you say?
@minuteman2002 HAHAHA!!! So fitting, isn't it?
She is the perfect product of the brainwashed indoctrinated lefty. She really is. Her entire life has been a lie, and now she's passing off the lies she was fed to an unsuspecting younger generation
Did Ocasio-cortez claim Native heritage? Said "We're standing on Native land and Latinos are descendants of Native people". Guess she never heard of Conquistadors who slaughtered Natives? And even "Natives" walked here from Asia on a land bridge, which rising sea levels submerged
RT @1776Stonewall: And Laura actually had on a black liberal woman who explained that if you are white and you don't understand how this is…
And Laura actually had on a black liberal woman who explained that if you are white and you don't understand how this is offensive, then that is actually you experiencing your white privilege
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/gXZAXgEIiI Just saw it on Laura Ingraham, but have you heard of the Racist White adidas sneaker?
https://t.co/gXZAXgEIiI Just saw it on Laura Ingraham, but have you heard of the Racist White adidas sneaker?
RT @1776Stonewall: @KamalaHarris But you still have armed guards, right?
@KamalaHarris But you still have armed guards, right?
RT @1776Stonewall: Is it possible that Dinosaurs farted themselves into oblivion? Where's Bill Nye the Science moron?
Is it possible that Dinosaurs farted themselves into oblivion? Where's Bill Nye the Science moron?
RT @1776Stonewall: Then again, the Dinosaurs did go Ex-STINK-ed! (I know, I know)
Then again, the Dinosaurs did go Ex-STINK-ed! (I know, I know)
RT @1776Stonewall: Great point! If Cow farts are destroying the planet, as Ocasio-Cortez claims, just imagine what the dinosaurs did to it.…
Great point! If Cow farts are destroying the planet, as Ocasio-Cortez claims, just imagine what the dinosaurs did to it. I mean can you just imagine a brontosaurus blast?  Those suckers weighed like 40 tons and were 70 feet tall! Just one massive fart would destroy Europe https://t.co/tUNR3dwvq2
did Russia hack my poll?
I really hope you people are kidding me? Have you ever tried Skippy? It's delicious
what about elephants or Rhinos? I'd imagine they have some wicked farts
Remember "Mr. Methane" on Howard Stern, by the way? He probably killed half the planet himself
RT @1776Stonewall: I left out the best one. I'm so sorry. . . She also says we need to stop the scourge of "Farting Cows". . That damn meth…
I left out the best one. I'm so sorry. . . She also says we need to stop the scourge of "Farting Cows". . That damn methane!
Very serious debate to save the planet: What's the better peanut Butter?
Lou Dobbs and Ed Rollins say that Trump is the greatest modern President (And Rollins worked for Reagan) https://t.co/PfmVxMDrfM
And why "living rooms"? I figured the basement would get flooded first, no?
RT @1776Stonewall: As I've said before: there are entire ANCIENT cities, like Pavlopetri or Dwarka or landmasses like Doggerland that are e…
As I've said before: there are entire ANCIENT cities, like Pavlopetri or Dwarka or landmasses like Doggerland that are entirely submerged. There are even entire sunken continents. Research "Zealandia". . Thousands of years before any "man made" climate change was possible
Ocasio Cortez says that "Today is a good day for the families who have seen their living rooms flooded in with the waves of rising sea levels" (Actually she said it twice. she botched it half way through the first attempt) #GreenNewDeal
RT @1776Stonewall: Fuel the fun, baby! Fuel the fun! https://t.co/UPPJTCXT2a
Fuel the fun, baby! Fuel the fun! https://t.co/UPPJTCXT2a
By the way, Skippy is the best peanut butter (just sayin)
Just to recap: Ocasio-cortez wants to stop all Air Travel (no ore planes), knock down every single building in the United States, then just print out money to rebuild them more "Green" . . And she wants you to stop eating meat and eat Peanut Butter instead
If you don't now what I'm talking about, the Washington Post actually ran a fact check and said Trump lied about having food piled a mile high. . . They measured it. That's considered one of Trump's "7 thousand" lies
So far the biggest scandal they caught Trump in is that he lied about have fast food piled "a mile high" for the football players
As the left continues to try to lower their rabid base's expectations of Mueller report, the Dems are trying desperately to release Trump's tax returns. No collusion, no crimes whatsoever. They are getting desperate. All these scandals taking out Democrats, still nothing on Trump
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/x2WWeREl9D Donald Trump literally made Alexandia Ocasio-Cortez cry. Throws hissy fit. . Watch this. It's Gr…
@JSmithpolitics1 More coming on Warren, too
https://t.co/2pWuesQrrI COWARD Dem Blocks Republican Bill To Save Babies, Then Runs From Reporter When Confronted
More bombshell documents on Elizabeth Warren coming soon. Stay tuned!
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/5h7TTqjvGB  Ocasio-Cortez's bill is so crazy. she wants to knock down every building in America and rebuild…
And she says we can just print money to pay for it. . . Even Nancy Pelosi is mocking her on this (And snubbed her on the Climate Change committee)
https://t.co/5h7TTqjvGB  Ocasio-Cortez's bill is so crazy. she wants to knock down every building in America and rebuild them more environmentally friendly. . . all within 10 years
Don't get too excited, because I know how these things go, but there is a report about a deal being reached that would fund border barriers, within days. . not sure on the details
https://t.co/x2WWeREl9D Donald Trump literally made Alexandia Ocasio-Cortez cry. Throws hissy fit. . Watch this. It's Great!
More Justin Fairfax scandals are said to be developing
@politico And remember that the Cyber Chief even said that he was taken aback by The Stand Down order into Russian interference
No evidence of collusion. There will soon be a report about the Obama Administration doing nothing about Russian interference. Remember that he gave his cyber Chief a stand down order . https://t.co/Y7QGZhghG3 via @politico
The drug cartels are using puppies to smuggle in drugs to the US. Three puppies were found dead, from difficulties from the surgery from the Colombian heroin cartels. So the left doesn't care about baby dogs, either. . anything young and harmless. Or anything that can't vote
Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi know damn well that there's no man-made climate change, but the young ones believed every word of it
The difference between the old Democrats/socialists in Congress and the young ones, is that the old ones knew that everything they were saying was a lie, and the young ones actually believe the lies
Dems Unveil Plan To Stop Trump From Building Border Wall, But POTUS Has TWO Tricks Up His Sleeve https://t.co/2xKr0VMKfy
RT @1776Stonewall: @Ilhan And businesses don't willingly lose money. So what they do to make up for it is that they raise prices and pass i…
@Ilhan And businesses don't willingly lose money. So what they do to make up for it is that they raise prices and pass it off on the consumer. this is all very basic common sense. A child should be able to understand this
These absolute insane lefties are coming up with all different ideas to save the planet. I told you about the peanut butter one yesterday. Now they're suggesting we get rid of all air travel. No more planes. . . Leonardo DiCaprio is going to be pissed!
@LivePDDave1 And the Biden rule. LOL
@LivePDDave1 Think about how much Trump has been investigated. Mueller has been on for 2 years, before that the FBI investigated for 9 months, and they even had spies in the Trump campaign. They have found literally nothing in 3 years
RT @1776Stonewall: @Ilhan They did that here in New York, it's been a disaster. Many businesses closed because they simply can't afford it.…
@Ilhan They did that here in New York, it's been a disaster. Many businesses closed because they simply can't afford it. Places Now using machines instead of actual workers. The sad part is, you know this.
Mueller has spent 30 million dollars digging through Trump's entire life, going back decades, and anyone associated with Trump. Nellie Ohr admits to investigating Melania and the children
Chris Cuomo, continuing to warn leftists that Mueller report will be a dud, tells viewers to lower expectations on the report because Mueller was only given a specific crime to investigate. Nothing could be further from the truth, Mueller has looked at anything and everything
Nancy Pelosi snubs Alexandria ocasio-cortez. Pelosi created a committee to deal with climate change and did not put Cortez on it, and that's Cortez's Main thing
The far left Washington Post is now openly supporting socialism. Ironically  it's owned by the richest person in the world https://t.co/qWCJguErdE
Pelosi Claims One Part Of Trump’s Speech Scared Her; ‘It Was An All-Out Threat’ https://t.co/wQp67TBD0k
BUSTED: Photo Resurfaces Of Joy Behar Dressed As An African-American Woman https://t.co/qcrWL1Mfvd
https://t.co/YyecxHRNqH Speaking of racist white Democrats - Look!
2016 footage of Joy Behar emerges, admitting she too once dressed in blackface. . . Once again, lefties, WE don't care. YOU created this. YOU started this. This is your sick politically correct bullshit rules we're playing by. . . We're just beating you at your own game
RT @1776Stonewall: But at least everyone has access to drugs, that's the important part. We noticed you shaking your head in disgust when T…
But at least everyone has access to drugs, that's the important part. We noticed you shaking your head in disgust when Trump said he wanted to stop the drug cartels https://t.co/0loelPCxJi
RT @JackPosobiec: Did You Know:		In 2005, Jeffrey Epstein was under an 11-month investigation while Mueller ran the FBI		40 underage girls…
By the way, that Escort who the media flew to Thailand to interview in prison, admitted she made up all the dirt on Trump because she "feared for her life"
Remember when the left said Stormy Daniels "had Trump's number? Remember when Michael Avenatti was Trumps worst nightmare? remember Omarosa had the goods on Trump? Remember Tom Arnold's "recordings"? Remember Fire and Fury? Remember the escort in Thailand?
@Drevmar Right. It'll be a novel report. A bunch of scary stories with zero actual evidence. . . But it'll sound terrible
@BreitbartNews He batted .234 last year and just .200 in the postseason. He's the Duron Harmon of the Red Sox
RT @1776Stonewall: Congress determined that on 75 occasions Mueller's FBI omitted evidence from the FISA courts (75 cases of fraud on the c…
Congress determined that on 75 occasions Mueller's FBI omitted evidence from the FISA courts (75 cases of fraud on the courts)
Wow, so in 2002 Robert Mueller (Then FBI Director)  was hauled in front of the FISA court to address FBI surveillance abuses. . . Sound familiar?
@NickYoung115 Or even Bill clinton Democrats for that matter. That era, the Joe Lieberman types weren't nearly as bad as today
Hell, even 30% of Democrats approved. That's actually quite high, considering they're a bunch of brainwashed zombies.
CNN and CBS caught lying again. They attacked their own polls, which showed that 76% of viewers approved of Trump's speech and immigration ideas. Their excuse was that it was only Trump's base that watched and voted - this clearly shows that 82% of Independents also approved https://t.co/yqUo90dM8M
@newtgingrich @SaraCarterDC Exactly, and He kinda threatened her that it was destroy her career and ruin her legacy, if she dared sing the National Anthem. . . I mean if you still don't think the left hates America, you really need to wake up
@jeffrotech2003 The bisexual slut that stole the Arizona Senate seat
The top 3 Virginia "leaders" are all fighting scandals right now, and they're all Democrats. Who's 4th in line, you might ask? Kirk Cox, Republican!
It's raining outside. . Can someone tell Elizabeth Warren to stop dancing
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews Can't he just fix it?
Bette Midler, fearing an 'attack' on a woman's right to choose (murder) says that people should buy stock in coat hangers
@BreitbartNews Better listen to what the self proclaimed Pimp and drug dealer says
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/Y125Srtaqt Jemelle Hill tweets out sick post about assassinating President Trump. Look (It's a Malcom X ref…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/v3DXVm1t23 Wow! Kyrsten Sinema being told "Watch your ass" by a fellow Democrat, when she stood and applaud…
https://t.co/lH6fGWR6vf Van Jones had a bit of a weird way of describing Trump's SOTU
https://t.co/oUYWgqMKre Nancy Pelosi supports late term abortion, calls Trump's rebuke of it "A sad thing"
https://t.co/CZHSGe4VnM Huge ratings for Trump's SOTU!
@FactsNotEmo She sold a Pro Trump book in 2016, and is now gearing to sell an Anti Trump book in 2020. it's all about her
I'm sure if Mitt Romney was president you would've stayed up. You always loved that RINO https://t.co/qspXJjxe3S
@BreitbartNews Can't he just fix it?
@JamieCommie Really? I missed that. . And Facebook is just as bad, if not worse
Sickening how Twitter shadowbans conservatives, blocks tweets from reaching large audiences, and does the exact opposite with leftists. Ilhan Omar, for instance, only has 40,000 followers, yet she gets 100,000 likes. Ocasio Cortez gets double that. so does Brennan. All of them
RT @1776Stonewall: @Ilhan you got the "childish" part right
If you are a man who is facing Sexual assault/harassment charges (Like Fairfax) I have some advice for you: Just say that you don't identify as a man. If you're a woman, who came on to another woman, no big deal
@Ilhan you got the "childish" part right
Imagine if a man said it to her?
@blake_edward She's listed as the first "Woman of color" to teach at Harvard
@TherealWhiskerz I was more referring to her 2020 chances, but I hear you
This all goes back to the lefts hatred for America's founding. They DESPISE the founding fathers, consider them sexist white supremacists. . Hard to pretend you support the constitution, when you hate the people who wrote it, isn't it?
https://t.co/am63mYhRmI According to Ocasio-Cortez, you can have "white privilege" even if you're poor? Watch
After denying she ever claimed to be a Indian (even though it's in Harvard's records), but after the "Bar registration" bombshell she is no longer denying it, says she claimed it "based on family stories" - That's why she put "American Indian" for her nationality? She's done!
https://t.co/JIfvhuJS0y LOL VIDEO: Someone Added HILARIOUS Music To Bernies “Sad Face” When Trump Ripped Socialism
https://t.co/v3DXVm1t23 Wow! Kyrsten Sinema being told "Watch your ass" by a fellow Democrat, when she stood and applauded for Trump. . Watch
RT @1776Stonewall: To whoever donated $5 and then asked GoFundMe for it back, you created a whole big problem for me. I had to contact my b…
To whoever donated $5 and then asked GoFundMe for it back, you created a whole big problem for me. I had to contact my bank, go through a back and forth with GoFundMe - all over $5. In the meantime I have a kitten with a lump that could possibly be cancer and I didn't need this
https://t.co/Y125Srtaqt Jemelle Hill tweets out sick post about assassinating President Trump. Look (It's a Malcom X reference)
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/J2gOZ4KkWC WATCH: Here’s The SUPER Awkward Pelosi Moment That Everyone Is Talking About
Who knew that the "metoo" movement meant that they too also wore blackface?
And, as you probably heard, the Virginia attorney general, also a Democrat, has admitted to wearing black face. Virginia, aren't you glad you took such a hard turn left?
Next in line for the Virginia governorship is the lieutenant governor, Justin Fairfax, who as you know is facing serious sexual assault charges, with a witness now corroborating her story. Fairfax's response to the allegations is, and I quote, "fuck that bitch"
You think about how dishonest the liberal media is, they even lie about who they are. They try to Pawn off Joe Scarborough and Ana Navarro as Republicans. These are radical far leftists. But in order to appear balanced, they pretend to be Republican
RECAP: Here Is A Long List Of Things Democrats REFUSED To Stand For https://t.co/w00rKBEUg7
RT @1776Stonewall: HELL FREEZES OVER: Jake Tapper Praises ‘Wonderful, Stirring Moments’ In Trump’s SOTU Speech https://t.co/10hWWr7zqZ
HELL FREEZES OVER: Jake Tapper Praises ‘Wonderful, Stirring Moments’ In Trump’s SOTU Speech https://t.co/10hWWr7zqZ
RT @gailapple1: @1776Stonewall https://t.co/G2EvynIiOS
RT @1776Stonewall: You remember also the Washington Post so-called fact-checkers, said Trump lied when he said that he had food piled a mil…
You remember also the Washington Post so-called fact-checkers, said Trump lied when he said that he had food piled a mile high for the football players	.  He lied, it wasn't actually a mile high. They counted that as a lie
I once dressed in green face for Halloween, does that count? I also had bolts protruding from my neck, is that something?
Wonder if the left ever gets tired of being proven wrong? They said Obama didn't spy on Trump, then Clapper admitted they did. They said the top 1% didn't pay half the taxes, then Cuomo admitted they did. They said Warren never claimed to be Indian, then it was proven she did
Want to see some Hollywood lefties cry over Trump's brilliant speech last night? https://t.co/He2VXoiJ6R
CNN said that you have to remember that it's mostly Trump supporters that watch the speech . . Sorry, but these were your viewers. We didn't watch the speech on CNN
Hilarious! Both CBS and CNN showed a poll after the State of the Union yesterday and both polls show that 76% of Their audience agreed with Trump. Then both CBS and CNN frantically tried to discredit their own polls
I believe that a Democrat, potentially Kamala Harris, released the dirt on Elizabeth Warren to rid herself of competition. More to come. Watch them destroy themselves
Another top Democrat, this time the Virginia attorney general, Mark Herring, admits to wearing blackface in College. The Democrat Party is self-destructing under its own political correct bullshit. The funny thing is I could care less about any of this. They did it to themselves
Last year 87% of the people ice arrested were either convicted criminals or had pending Criminal records. Under Obama that number was only 55%
RT @1776Stonewall: This week alone you have Warren claiming to be an American Indian on her bar registration, Ralph Northam exposed as a KK…
This week alone you have Warren claiming to be an American Indian on her bar registration, Ralph Northam exposed as a KKK loving racist, Joe Biden exposed as a segregationist, and last week Willie Brown admitted the affair with Kamala Harris. . . Still nothing on Trump
Trump's entire life has been investigated, digging through his entire life, and found NOTHING. And this is a man who wasn't even a politician, didn't play it safe. . Look At Elizabeth Warren: claimed she was a "Native American" on her bar registration? That's so Bad! Career ender
https://t.co/o6vfi0RPN5 Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez offers INSANE tips to save the planet: Eat Peanut Butter, and. . .
RT @1776Stonewall: For instance, when Hillary was running for president Obama said she's the "most qualified person ever". If That was the…
For instance, when Hillary was running for president Obama said she's the "most qualified person ever". If That was the Washington Post so called fact-checkers  that would be considered a lie. And how many times did you hear that? She was far from the most qualified
RT @1776Stonewall: These are the same "fact checkers" who say Trump has told 7000 lies, yet when you look at their list, over 500 of those…
These are the same "fact checkers" who say Trump has told 7000 lies, yet when you look at their list, over 500 of those were Trump saying he's the most popular president, 400 are him saying it's the best economy ever. You can do this with any president
So the president has created 5 MILLION new jobs in 2 years. and these are REAL jobs, wages way up. . . Not like Obama, where even Harvard research admits was 94% minimum wage, part time jobs
https://t.co/GMQb9VUs3f Look how bad the liberal "Fact checking" was last night from SOTU. splitting hairs: For instance, the NY Times says Trump is wrong when he said he created 5.3 million new jobs. . . they say he only created 4.9. LOL . And they claim there's NO border crisis
https://t.co/J2gOZ4KkWC WATCH: Here’s The SUPER Awkward Pelosi Moment That Everyone Is Talking About
@LichenCraig yes, another great one. And that's huge
https://t.co/clfJo3w6md Look at CNN's twitter page, all they did was "Fact check" all night long. . . Which is the exact opposite of how it sounds
@MyPlace4U is that right?
@LichenCraig absolutely! That too
Between the "White Supremacist" Patriots/Tom Brady winning the Super Bowl, and Trump's brilliant #SOTU I don't want this week to end
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/XjrDQEsVO1  You want more good news? Look at this Bombshell!
@VickiUecker @JamesBo77952200 I believe they find a concrete structure in Smiths cove tonight. I love the archaeological dig . . about to watch now
@BoredEnoughToo History channel (269 on Direct TV)
@Whiskey91355416 exactly. Purchased the plot from Captain James Anderson, who absolutely hid things on the property
72% agree with Trump on his immigration ideas. . That means they agree with a wall. And this is CBS, which isn't conservative at all
https://t.co/M6pFrm4d1G
RT @CBSEveningNews: CBS NEWS POLL: 76 percent of viewers approved of what they heard in Pres. Trump's #SOTU speech; 72 percent said they ap…
Wow! CBS news is reporting that 76% of their viewers approved of Trump's speech tonight and 72% approve of Trump's immigration ideas
@Whiskey91355416 and tonight I think they discover a concrete structure. . I think Samuel Ball found some of the pirates treasure
@SampsonRamm I love all that. Great history
@mypupcocobear And Nancy applauded that
@mackey_62 Don't spoil it for me now
@NFLMcHollington It's like an archaeological dig, which I like. I like the hunt
@npselser Gary's awesome
Great night of TV. Great speech by My Great President, now Hannity. . . And i still have the Curse of Oak Island
@TOUGH_TEXAN @tedcruz He and Don Jr must be going to the same stylist
I really do like Ted Cruz. He should run again in 2024. #Hannity @tedcruz
I hear that when Stacey Abrams appeared, Ralph Northam tied a noose around a black man eating a subway sandwich
Oprah's speech was very short
The human Android, Juan Williams, did not like the speech
Hannity is live at 11. I'm assuming he'll be joined by the President
RT @BillOReilly: Good speech. The President helped his re-election chances. Tough for hate Trump media to spin negative.
RT @1776Stonewall: i'm now watching telemundo, for some reason
i'm now watching telemundo, for some reason
https://t.co/XjrDQEsVO1  You want more good news? Look at this Bombshell!
That's weird, my TV just involuntarily changed channels
Neil Cavuto (not a Trump supporter) just said that's the best speech Trump ever gave
I don't need to listen to Stacey Abrams. Her speech was written beforehand. . . and she lost. She's a nobody.
No Mr. President, thank you!
Hey Trump, The 1980's called, we have their president back!
https://t.co/YHyf6Nv5ms WATCH: Kamala Harris Looked PISSED When Trump Said He’d Put Drug Cartels Out Of Business
Can you please zoom in on Ilhan Omar and Rashida Tlaib, FOX?
Trump is giving a Historically great speech!
That's one of George Soros's former captives
Nancy just applauded Trump for saying "America will never be a socialist country"! . . and now she's back to staring at blank pieces of paper
Trump is meeting with Kim in Vietnam, at the Nathan Phillips memorial hall
Nancy is trying desperately to loosen a piece of corn from her gums
That woman celebrating you heard was Kamala Harris, her booty call just texted her
Way to go Grace!
Trump's talking about cheaper drugs, and Nancy popped up like a jack in the box!
Trump is talking about the USMCA, so Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is making the letter "Y" with her hands
@BillOReilly They have the Frog, we have the Turtle
Stay tuned, Nathan Phillips will be giving the Democrat response afterwards
Nancy applauded to NOT abolish ICE? . . you have to pay attention, darling
Are those the black Israelites sitting there with their arms crossed?
I see Don Jr has been hanging out with Ted Cruz
Watch the Democrats sit and not applaud Angel moms
RT @1776Stonewall: Nancy is high as a asteroid, so I suppose it's understandable
Nancy is high as a asteroid, so I suppose it's understandable
that seemed to really piss them off when Trump suggested it
The Democrats apparently are against putting drug cartels out of business.
RT @BillOReilly: When POTUS said the word “ridiculous” the camera showed Adam Schiff.  I’d sue.
RT @hijabs4blowjobs: @1776Stonewall https://t.co/N4AiC5FR1L
Look at Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez's face. . Charles Manson-like
Bernie Sanders is sniffing a magic marker
Mitt Romney is sitting on the wrong side of the room
Nancy Pelosi is staring at blank pieces of paper
Trump is talking about outer space, so they zoom in on Elizabeth Warren. . . Fitting!
Is there a way to zoom in, so that I don't have to look at Nancy Pelosi?. . . you know like how CNN did with the Koi Fish video?
Fox is killing me. you got Chris Wallace on Fox News and Cavuto on fox Business. . . But I just heard Juan Williams voice, So Cavuto it is!
@KamalaHarris https://t.co/EPSef6J787 NBC is reporting that Russia is helping Democrats win in 2020.
@GabbyGiffords Who was President when you were shot?
who was president when you were shot, again? https://t.co/aQSRj4jXbI
RT @1776Stonewall: @GabbyGiffords @JonEdwa52684118 Now do Obama. . or any other president, for that matter. . . Oh and 50 Million babies ar…
@GabbyGiffords @JonEdwa52684118 Now do Obama. . or any other president, for that matter. . . Oh and 50 Million babies are murdered every single year!
https://t.co/bNdWGdG3Y3  THEY BROKE HIM! Ex-Starbucks CEO Seems To Be Cracking Under Democrat Pressure
How come lying to the American people isn't a crime? It's perjury (if you're a conservative) to lie to congress, yet they lie to us every day.
@mypupcocobear @gofundme Thank you Debbie. i'll know more in 2 weeks
https://t.co/V8rKL4W5fp Congress Blindsides Comey And Hillary, New Legislation Delivers Swift Justice
@abibeuck22 yes, a few hundred miles have already been built, and it's working beautifully in places like San Diego and Yuma - illegal crossings down over 90% in Yuma and almost non existent in San Diego
RT @1776Stonewall: The wall is already paid for, and exactly how Trump said it would happen. He said over and over that Mexico will not wri…
The wall is already paid for, and exactly how Trump said it would happen. He said over and over that Mexico will not write us a check, that they would pay for it in trade deals, which he has already finalized. It's already paid for. . Also it pays for itself. https://t.co/o35RjUsq3B
@charliekirk11 He also endorsed  Rashida Tlaib and Keith Ellison
@krobinson_3232 @StirringSoup1 @delete152737 They make our side look insane
@StirringSoup1 @delete152737 Can you translate that?
@1umbrella @delete152737 It's pretty insane to be honest
@lilredcorvett56 I love hearing that. It shows me that there is hope for people. What opened your eyes?
RT @1776Stonewall: @delete152737 I wouldn't use that example. Those people believe what some anonymous faceless person is telling them
@delete152737 I wouldn't use that example. Those people believe what some anonymous faceless person is telling them
People on the left believe what they're told, not what they see with their own eyes, not what they experience in their own life. If you tell them the sky is red, they'll believe you. . Depending on Who tells them
Chuck Schumer said that Trump during his State of the Union tonight will ignore the reality of the economy? Why would he do that? It's the greatest economy in decades. . . And then he said that Trump will lie as he always does. How's that for irony?
Random observation: what is it about wearing sunglasses that makes people look like assholes?
New York is losing tens and thousands of residents every year now, whereas States like Texas are gaining hundreds of thousands. Democrat policies don't work, conservative policies do
The reason Cuomo is acknowledging this, is because the businesses and the rich are leaving New York and starting businesses in other states. He realizes it's a failed policy, and he's trying to explain this to his Radical base
Andrew Cuomo admits that the top 1% pay half of the taxes, and the top 10% pay 70% of the taxes. We have been saying this for years. And you stupid leftists didn't believe us. Thanks for finally admitting you were wrong
WATCH: Bernie Doesn’t Respond, Hides In Elevator To Avoid Questions About Dem Accused Of Assault https://t.co/EKJKoT48st
WOW: Dems Demand Return Of Obama’s Project That Forced Taxpayers To Foot The Bill For Illegals https://t.co/oGJJmabBV4
@mediainvestors So they only oversampled Democrats by 4. Most polls oversample Democrats by 10 to 20. . And Rasmussen has been the most accurate for the last three president elections
There are three border fences on the San Diego border. and crime rates because of it continued to fall.  last year there were less than 50 murders in San Diego, compared to over 2,000 in neighboring Tijuana
New poll today has Trump's approval rating at 48%. Obama was at 46% at the same time during his presidency on the same poll and Bill Clinton at 39%. And as we know polls oversample Democrats, so while theirs was actually lower, Trump's is actually higher
The Price Tag For Ocasio-Cortez’s ‘Green New Deal’ Will Absolutely Blow Your Mind https://t.co/Y6BAqz2xcW ?utm_source=stonewall&amp;utm_medium=twitter
RT @1776Stonewall: @gofundme Just received some bad news from the vet. My kitten, Cherokee, had a little lump on her side which I was hopin…
@gofundme Just received some bad news from the vet. My kitten, Cherokee, had a little lump on her side which I was hoping was just an infection, but blood came out instead of puss. She's going on an antibiotic for 2 weeks, and then will be checked again and probably have a biopsy.
@IngrahamAngle The left is chasing Away business in New York, all the wealthy people are moving out of the state and starting businesses elsewhere. The funny thing is that this helps red States and hurts blue States because they're moving to lower taxed red state.
RT @IngrahamAngle: Gee, I wonder why? https://t.co/8gG4XtZPxv
Mark Simone just said, and he's right, that tonight will be the 1st state of the union in Years where everything is fine. The economy is great, there's not terrorism everywhere, everyone's working, N. Korea is behaving themselves. But if you listen to the media, everything's bad
I want you leftists to watch this and see for yourselves just how much the media lied to you.
This is 15 minutes of the truth, video evidence of EXACTLY what happened that day. Make sure you watch this
https://t.co/nHHuSfoSMA Sandmann Family’s Attorney Releases Stunning Video As Lawsuits Loom For Media
@realDonaldTrump He also said how the healthcare bill would kill millions. . . . days before anyone even knew what was in it
https://t.co/MvvJS5OB8K News continues to get worse for the Democrats, as Chuck Schumers top aide resigns amid growing scandal
When McCain died people said he didn't really die. No matter how much I tried to reason with them it wouldn't change their minds. Same with H.W. Bush, and the same people saying that JFK jr. is running in 2020. . After when proven wrong AGAIN, they'll move on to the next BS
@LoeWEarl she hasn't been good mentally for years
https://t.co/QqXl36oluL Political earthquake strikes Pennsylvania Dems with indictment of their union boss
RT @1776Stonewall: Trump himself has said she's still alive. . . or is he in on the conspiracy too?
Trump himself has said she's still alive. . . or is he in on the conspiracy too?
I'm still waiting for the proof that McCain, Bush 41 and JFK jr are all still alive. You're asking for photo's, right? Me too
Remember when Melania had surgery? She wasn't seen for a couple weeks? And all the crazies on the left went wild with conspiracies. keep it at that
https://t.co/QsygqNc0JN This is the left, folks!
@krobinson_3232 https://t.co/o6764OEWyI if you've never seen this, it's worth watching. Spoken from an abortion survivor
@netwrkguy https://t.co/o6764OEWyI here's the video on Huckabee
RT @netwrkguy: @1776Stonewall Try this stoney https://t.co/bGwRK4vyEV
@netwrkguy Definitely good, but they need to actually witness it. . it's also done with acid. and many times the mother delivers the baby still alive after the acid. . One of these survivors was on Huckabee a few months ago telling her story. Devastating
RT @1776Stonewall: @ABC Which is why the left picked her. Leftists only see her as a black woman
@ABC Which is why the left picked her. Leftists only see her as a black woman
This is what needs to happen more. Many leftists stances on abortion are because they don't actually know what it is, which is the same as many of their stances. They've been fed lies and believe the lie. I think they need to be shown an abortion, in person. A late term one https://t.co/IoRbAusbWX
Ocasio-Cortez Invites Illegal to SOTU, Who Trump Invited Will Have Conservatives CHEERING https://t.co/M7eOtvQheI
RT @RandPaul: I’m tired of America doing everyone’s fighting. I’m tired of America paying for everyone’s wars! How about we take care of ou…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/DVukDdezgn Patriots player says he won't visit White House. . . I'll give you a hint: He's not one of the "…
https://t.co/BCp4Gz1JaQ You know? This guy!
Liam Neeson is a Trump hating leftist, by the way
RT @KurtSchlichter: Kid name Joshua Trump gets bullied at school over his name.	Gets invited to the SOTU.	Gets bullied by freaking alleged…
@SGTHarleyDaveK turns out he was arrested not too long ago. . . figures
And check this out! Figures, right? https://t.co/Al0SeGHZpT
@hijabs4blowjobs hahaha!!! So great!
Ironically he's the one that almost lost the game for NE. He's a backup and filled in after Chung got hurt. He gave up what should've been a go-ahead TD for LA
https://t.co/DVukDdezgn Patriots player says he won't visit White House. . . I'll give you a hint: He's not one of the "White Supremacists"
WATCH: Unearthed Video Shows Racist Democrat Governor Northam REFUSE to Shake Black Opponent’s Hand https://t.co/7DAcmdCj3E
RT @1776Stonewall: Charlie has Downs Syndrome and is obviously VERY pro life, and Twitter marks her tweets as "Sensitive" https://t.co/2rNo…
Charlie has Downs Syndrome and is obviously VERY pro life, and Twitter marks her tweets as "Sensitive" https://t.co/2rNoa51A4d
RT @fien_charlie: I keep getting people claim DS isn’t being eradicated. I realise 50% of them are trolls trying to wind me up. To the blok…
And as I said a couple weeks ago, they cost themselves millions by screwing the Saints, depriving us of a Brady vs. Breese showdown
https://t.co/nFkNbqM231 Super Bowl ratings lowest in a decade. And if not for Brady it would've been even worse
@BreitbartNews too painful, I suppose
And there it is. Thanks for showing what this is REALLY about https://t.co/o8LFjNkxHW
RT @LoucferAlers: @1776Stonewall https://t.co/UDkY0d0d7l
On "The Five" Juan Williams quoted Trump as saying he's the greatest president ever, and Greg Gutfeld replied "That's an understatement"
@LivePDDave1 I'd say!
and we "must believe the women", right?
Calls for Ralph Northam to resign continue to grow, but the man who would take his place, Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax, is facing sexual allegations. . . Way to go, Virginia!
https://t.co/B2IdkPMigo Trump doesn't take the bait on "Deface The Nation" - Watch
@spontaneously16 Thank you for doing that, as well. . The outdoor ones are enjoying the rare nice February weather, here in NY
20 "points" I should say (from 31% to 51%)
I mean think about this: Trump's approval rating with Hispanics rose 20% (up to 51%)  during the shutdown. . . and that was a liberal NPR poll
Just to show you how phony polling data is, a new "Gallup" poll shows that a whopping 81% of Americans want amnesty for every illegal in the country. . But I guess when you only sample 20% Republicans you get results like that. . . as by design (propaganda)
RT @1776Stonewall: @popdemoc @AnaMariaArchil2 @AOC @RepAOC Actually she was just taking orders from George Soros, who she admits working fo…
@popdemoc @AnaMariaArchil2 @AOC @RepAOC Actually she was just taking orders from George Soros, who she admits working for "Ultraviolet". . Not so "badass" after all
@tacosandtruth Yes, "Ultraviolet"
or as I always called it, The "Weak standard"
https://t.co/vCVJdmnY2M RINO Bill Kristol, co-founder of the failed weekly standard, donated to the Ralph Northam campaign in 2017
AOC’s Guest For The SOTU Says EVERYTHING About Her https://t.co/TPpf90a6pI
Breitbart News Network https://t.co/7e6efvrFBt via @BreitbartNews Ralph Northam pro-Baby killing policies prompted a classmate to release yearbook photos
Watch: Don Lemon Gets DESTROYED By Gladys Knight, Who Defends Singing National Anthem At Super Bowl https://t.co/GZbL4b6A6z
@ChrisLYanksFan Try harder. I'm a New Yorker as well. LOL
‘Don’t Interrupt Me!’; GOP Strategist NUKES CNN For Downplaying Northam Abortion Remarks [VIDEO] https://t.co/Rkff9QvvkL
Remind me next year, if Brady wins again, to be more of a dick. I'm actually rather good at that
As a matter of fact I congratulated her last year. She hates Brady, for whatever reason? Oh that's right!
@MAGADROP I'm a NYer too
RT @1776Stonewall: The funny thing is that she was pumped for the game last week. Today she hasn't even looked up or said a word to me. Per…
The funny thing is that she was pumped for the game last week. Today she hasn't even looked up or said a word to me. Personally I would have congratulated her if it was the other way around, but that's just me
My liberal coworker seems down in the dumps today. I wonder why? Depressed, even
But wait, I thought we didn't have this money? https://t.co/VYXfnFCnDz
https://t.co/sW7bOAcooQ Mary Poppins has now been deemed racist, because there's a scene where they supposedly wear "blackface" - it's actually just soot from sweeping chimneys. . So, really, that's actually racist on their part that they associate being "dirty" with being black
Let's not forget that this is a man who was blown away that a black man (Obama) was clean and able to read
https://t.co/bOUV8pfd5M An unearthed 1975 NPR interview may have just ended Joe Biden's presidential run before it even started
https://t.co/Rc4fFthUTs BREAKING: Pentagon Announces Deployment Of 3,750 Troops To US/Mexico Border
RT @NFLonFOX: Kevin Hart congratulates Tom Brady on another title. https://t.co/5gBMWE9u2l
RT @FOXSports: "How did I end up with this? I'm sleeping with this thing tonight!"		Tom Brady exits Mercedes-Benz Stadium with Lombardi No.…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/QPvPGnNxYA Here's the clip of Brady's epic "Reagan" audible! And Tony Romo recognized it immediately
https://t.co/QPvPGnNxYA Here's the clip of Brady's epic "Reagan" audible! And Tony Romo recognized it immediately
@RealJamesWoods Holy Shit!
RT @1776Stonewall: We're with you, Charlie! https://t.co/IAprYLsqOV
We're with you, Charlie! https://t.co/IAprYLsqOV
Feminists are crying sexism, that it was ok for Adam Levine to show his nipples, but not for Janet Jackson. . . Hey, I'm with you ladies. As a matter of fact I nominate Missy Elliott to play next years halftime show!
RT @DennisDMZ: And another Super Bowl victory for Brady who is antithetical to all the absolute bullshit that is happening in this culture…
@saramangas2004 I've never been to Mexico, but my mother said it was her favorite place she visited, the ancient pyramids. . also I love any and all Spanish food. Eat it all the time. Here in NY is a melting pot from all over the world
@saramangas2004 pretend to be a raging leftist
@saramangas2004 legally. . . just don't say you're a Trump supporter, you'll go to the back of the line
RT @1776Stonewall: @MotoandGivi I don't even watch football anymore. I was simply rooting for the good guys
@saramangas2004 You guys are a couple of Mexicans I'd like to get into the country. lol
@X2JMG @RodStryker Needs more fingers
@MotoandGivi I don't even watch football anymore. I was simply rooting for the good guys
@saramangas2004 Such a great night. Feels like 2016 again
We're not the ones who made football political. . . But I have no problem beating you at your own game! what a night, "Patriots"
Tom Brady calling "Reagan", a run to the right, is the greatest troll job ever. . it's Trump-like
What's Max Kellerman gotta say now?
The "White Supremacist" New England Patriots win, again! And those damn Trump supporters, Brady, Belichick and Kraft have won a 6th Super Bowl. . . Keep crying, liberals!
Did Brady just call "Reagan"? I love it!
There's been so little contact in this game that Jussie Smollett still held on to his subway sandwich
Aside from it sucking, the Super Bowl Halftime show was relatively painless
RT @greggutfeld: before you complain about the Super Bowl, realize this is still a high scoring soccer game.
RT @charliekirk11: In the last 7 days Democrats advocated killing babies after they were born, putting a 90% tax on the rich, said we must…
The Super Bowl is available in Spanish. . . . I'm surprised it's available in English
This is Snoop Dogg's criminal nephew
@BlueTim41 The Desert almost got him, again!
https://t.co/kutzGQIL6q It's "Poverty" I tell you!
Well the Golf event is over. Is there any other sports on today?. . . Oh that's right, I gotta go cheer on my White Supremacist New England Patriots! Go Brady!
RT @1776Stonewall: And if you disagree with these scientists, that makes you a "Science denier" - the scourge of our society. . . Also a ba…
And if you disagree with these scientists, that makes you a "Science denier" - the scourge of our society. . . Also a baby isn't a baby until the mother agrees to keep it, and there are now like 50 different sexes
By the way, these same morons, also have said that Mars was destroyed by Climate change. . . no doubt the result from those massive martian factories
Researchers at the University College in London are now blaming white settlers who slaughtered Native tribes in the 15th and 16th centuries for Climate change. Saying that the areas that the Natives tilled became reforested and created the "little Ice Age"
RT @KTHopkins: Nothing to see here folks. Just the Muslim Community Patrol of Brooklyn. 		In cars looking remarkably similar to the NYPD. A…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/R7XNRoa7fI NFL's "man of the year" supports kneeling for the anthem
@RealJamesWoods You're not allowed to refer to them as animals. . . oh wait
https://t.co/R7XNRoa7fI NFL's "man of the year" supports kneeling for the anthem
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/lVlZ5fiaD7  What's this? NBC is reporting that The Russians are helping the Democrats defeat Trump in 2020?
https://t.co/lVlZ5fiaD7  What's this? NBC is reporting that The Russians are helping the Democrats defeat Trump in 2020?
If you ever need a fourth, Mr. President https://t.co/bmdiiEgNFL
Make sure you read this insanity. The headline is just the beginning
https://t.co/pOeSCoPIo4 And this is why I want New England to win, because the left hates Brady, Belichick and Kraft because they are friends and supporters of Trump. I want to see them cry
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/RvnzyPq35q Ohh No! How horrible! Some deviant destroyed the Kaepernick mural right before the Super Bowl
RT @charliekirk11: Did you know:		A panel of federal judges dismissed ALL 83 ethics complaints leveled against JUSTICE Kavanaugh		The Democ…
@charliekirk11 It's just one scandal after another with the left
https://t.co/RvnzyPq35q Ohh No! How horrible! Some deviant destroyed the Kaepernick mural right before the Super Bowl
The next time someone wants to dress up like Michael Jackson, I would suggest using, maybe. . . Bleach!
https://t.co/cO8Kv6BUmk Here’s The Big Name “HIT LIST” That Have Received Lawsuit Letters From Covington Lawyer
RT @Valnofux: Same pants? #Northam https://t.co/MMwgEZeAEC
@TwitchyTeam Speaking of fast food, the new "fresh beef" McDonalds is horrible. go back to the frozen shit
RT @1776Stonewall: @TwitchyTeam Have you ever tried their steak and cheese sandwich on the herb and cheese bread? It's delicious! So what i…
@TwitchyTeam Have you ever tried their steak and cheese sandwich on the herb and cheese bread? It's delicious! So what if a little bleach got in it?
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump @FaceTheNation @CBS We affectionately refer to that show as "Deface the nation", but since you're on
@realDonaldTrump @FaceTheNation @CBS We affectionately refer to that show as "Deface the nation", but since you're on
President Trump has MANY accomplishments, but one of the very best is that he is completely taking over the courts. Trump/Conservative judges will be represented in courts for decades to come. Now he's going after the 9th circuit, which has been horribly weaponized by the left.
What's wrong, Dianne? No letter to leak this time? https://t.co/G7l7lWhT91
As I said yesterday, quoting Oscar Wilde: "There are only 2 tragedies in life, one is not getting what we want, and the other is getting it"
I see some on the left saying that Conservatives really don't care that Northam wore blackface. You're right! I could care less, actually. but you leftists created this insane politically correct environment, so I take pleasure when it takes down one of your own. Serves you right
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/rJfV8Hy01R Thank God it's not Krispy Kreme, right Mike?
@BreitbartNews . . . but not the part about killing babies
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Ralph Northam's governorship is experiencing a post-election abortion, but after his fellow Dems set him aside, they w…
RT @1776Stonewall: Pelosi Demonizes Republicans, Says They ‘DAMAGE OUR ECONOMY’ After Strong Jobs Report https://t.co/DTmTpP6BvH
RT @1776Stonewall: PHOTOS: Anti Americans LeBron James and Kevin Durant HONOR Colin Kaepernick day before super bowl. Look. https://t.co/5I…
Pelosi Demonizes Republicans, Says They ‘DAMAGE OUR ECONOMY’ After Strong Jobs Report https://t.co/DTmTpP6BvH
PHOTOS: Anti Americans LeBron James and Kevin Durant HONOR Colin Kaepernick day before super bowl. Look. https://t.co/5ILwkv0s6j
Trump Breaks Silence On Dem Governor’s Photos, UNLOADS Both Barrels &amp; Eats Him Alive https://t.co/4WIqXnj66U
Trump Just Made It Official — Promises ‘EXCITING’ Announcement at State of the Union https://t.co/2jcZQCdWd9
The pathetic part is that the Dems didn't give 2 fucks about Northam's baby killing comments, that didn't bother them at all. The fact that he once wore blackface is why they can no longer politically defend him.
Mark Warner and Tim (Co)Kaine tell Ralph Northam to resign after strange speech
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/wuEKrBPiXT  I posted it before, but it really is worth watching. Bill Maher makes incredibly racist comment…
https://t.co/wuEKrBPiXT  I posted it before, but it really is worth watching. Bill Maher makes incredibly racist comment to black congressman and former CIA agent. Watch here
@BreitbartNews Dozens? lol
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/E233JT7b7C Roger Waters, of Pink Floyd, calls for the Super Bowl half time performers to take a knee. . Sha…
@dheuel288 https://t.co/R66cVvRmMm
https://t.co/4fxhxsQyzP
Have you heard what Ralph Northam's nickname in college was? . . . "Coonman"
This was just during the Golf program. The great Johnny Miller is retiring and President Trump had some nice words for him, and Johnny had some nice words back. Watch https://t.co/CTMh425Y4u
RT @1776Stonewall: We all like to poke fun at the stunning stupidity of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, but the scary thing is that she's a perfe…
I'm actually trying to post the entire video, but my phone is being slow as hell to load it up
RT @1776Stonewall: The great Johnny Miller, retiring from golf commentary, has some nice words for President Trump, after Trump wished him…
The great Johnny Miller, retiring from golf commentary, has some nice words for President Trump, after Trump wished him a healthy retirement https://t.co/WWtqCDVUAR
Ralph Northam looks more like Nat Turner, than Michael Jackson in that photo.
OK, so first Northam denied the photo's, then he admitted to them, then denied them again, and now he's admitting that he's the one dressed in blackface, that he did it for a Michael Jackson photo. . ironically Michael Jackson dressed in whiteface!
https://t.co/rJfV8Hy01R Thank God it's not Krispy Kreme, right Mike?
@moseisleyport76 yes, drove him over a cliff. lol
https://t.co/6iICVs7jfz He also killed a beloved deer, by the way. This created a public outcry
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/acPNWxwcZJ Speaking of #GroundhogDay , remember when my asshole mayor, Bill DeBlasio, killed the groundhog?
https://t.co/E8halSJwwm and then there was a huge coverup
https://t.co/acPNWxwcZJ Speaking of #GroundhogDay , remember when my asshole mayor, Bill DeBlasio, killed the groundhog?
@LoeWEarl you know your stuff. Yes, he often walked and rode his horse (little Sorrel) with one hand in the air, to "balance his blood". . He did a lot of strange things like that, but it sure worked
@LoeWEarl while sucking on a lemon
Just in case he deletes it after he realizes what an ass he made of himself https://t.co/d9fWf2Laly
RT @1776Stonewall: And you are you are not a you are an idiot https://t.co/M3yAHdb8GU
And you are you are not a you are an idiot https://t.co/M3yAHdb8GU
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump @jacknicklaus @TigerWoods I can already see Max Kellerman crying!
@realDonaldTrump @jacknicklaus @TigerWoods I can already see Max Kellerman crying!
Something about the best of the best, that love Trump. Only losers hate him https://t.co/e4u1STQlM1
@VerdadyJustic12 You should raise hell in the school. you're paying for that indoctrination
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/bzGUKSWWUM After calls from Kamala Harris and NAACP to resign, Ralph Northam changes his story entirely. No…
https://t.co/bzGUKSWWUM After calls from Kamala Harris and NAACP to resign, Ralph Northam changes his story entirely. Now look what he's claiming
Day 1 of Black History Month: Photo of Democrat Governor, Ralph Northam, emerges wearing KKK costume.  Day 2: Leftist Bill Maher asks black GOP congressman, and former CIA agent, if he collected intelligence "behind Popeyes Chicken"
@VerdadyJustic12 That's scary
RT @VerdadyJustic12: @1776Stonewall My daughter goes to a public University in the Mid Atlantic. She is an Education Major. Everyone in one…
@MagaDrex Yes, before many of them grow up and become conservatives. Like the Winston Churchill quote: "If you're not a liberal at 25, you have no heart, and if you're not a conservative by 35, you have no brain" . . personally I'd lower the "25" to 20, but still accurate
@DonaldJTrumpJr Yeah, and don't anyone try to pretend that was accidental
We all like to poke fun at the stunning stupidity of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, but the scary thing is that she's a perfect example of this millennial generation, and what these progressive indoctrination centers (schools) have done to them. In other words, she's not atypical
@KSPBHenri @JackPosobiec Yes, the primaries is where it needs to be done
RT @scarlet56al: @1776Stonewall Puppy/Kitten bowl.  These cuties come from a kill shelter and their turn was next.
@scarlet56al I didn't know that. That's great to hear
https://t.co/mxtzr1Fhoz Look at this blatant racism last night from Bill Maher: He was interviewing a black GOP congressman, Will Hurd. Wait till you see just how blatant this was. There's no dancing around this
RT @1776Stonewall: And I remember I defended Steve King, and got a lot of flack for it, even from some on my side. See, we're so quick to a…
And I remember I defended Steve King, and got a lot of flack for it, even from some on my side. See, we're so quick to attack our own. I mean how many times have you heard people on our side attack Trump,even? Many times. The left sticks together
@JackPosobiec This is why I urge my fellow Conservatives to please stop voting for these establishment figures. We're never going to take our country back if you keep electing people like Mitt Romney. We need more patriots. . . more like Trump
Exactly right! Republicans were so quick to throw one of their own, Steve King, under the bus, after the NY Times misquoted him, but where is the outrage from the GOP establishment for Northam, who was literally shown dressed as a Klansman? https://t.co/AgTp33F6HU
@kcinor haha. Good one!
Are you watching the Super Bowl? I'm going to throw in a 3rd option, because I'm curious how many people are only watching for Tom Brady
https://t.co/E233JT7b7C Roger Waters, of Pink Floyd, calls for the Super Bowl half time performers to take a knee. . Shame, I used to really like Pink Floyd's music
https://t.co/wWBO65kmjM Rachel Maddow has a pretty insane conspiracy for the polar vortex. . . and yes it has to do with RUSSIA!!!
RT @KatiePavlich: Remember the Northam ads against Gillespie that showed minority kids getting run down by a dude in a truck with a confede…
CNN falsely claims that the KKK loving, baby killer, Governor of Virginia, Ralph Northam is a Republican. They actually said this. He is a member of the Democrat party, folks. CNN is blatantly fake news https://t.co/Ou91lyKZCO
RT @1776Stonewall: @GovernorVA Well said, Ralph! And Sieg Heil, by the way
@GovernorVA Well said, Ralph! And Sieg Heil, by the way
RT @1776Stonewall: Personally I didn't care about the Franken photo, I don't care that Northam dressed in a klan costume, the same way I di…
https://t.co/WoQViKMC8p Gladys Knight To Sing Nat’l Anthem At Super Bowl, Delivers POWERFUL Pro-Anthem Message
@BreitbartNews The left has destroyed another American institution. And the attack on men has carried over to boys as well
Personally I didn't care about the Franken photo, I don't care that Northam dressed in a klan costume, the same way I didn't care about the Trump access Hollywood tape. But this is what the left has created. So do I take pleasure when it destroys one of their own? You bet I do!
RT @1776Stonewall: The left did this to themselves. Same with Al Franken and others. They created this insane PC world we live in and it's…
The left did this to themselves. Same with Al Franken and others. They created this insane PC world we live in and it's taking down many of their own. . As Oscar Wilde once said: "There are only two tragedies in life. one is not getting what we want, and the other is getting it" https://t.co/o5cPHVhnRw
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/HSDkESc5yd Alexandria Ocasio-cortez says she was born privileged. . . you'll never guess the reason why
https://t.co/HSDkESc5yd Alexandria Ocasio-cortez says she was born privileged. . . you'll never guess the reason why
https://t.co/iM8WzV1Bjb Ready for Northam's weak statement to racist photo's?
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/5Stxud7DjO  Check out which top Democrats will boycott Trump's State of the union address
https://t.co/5Stxud7DjO  Check out which top Democrats will boycott Trump's State of the union address
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/4CAqqLmPUN Washington Post calls out Bernie Sanders for his lies about Venezuela, attempting to defend the…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/TeZt337nFy Kathy Tran caught spewing fake news: Says her bill would not change existing laws on late term a…
https://t.co/4CAqqLmPUN Washington Post calls out Bernie Sanders for his lies about Venezuela, attempting to defend the failed Socialist platform
https://t.co/TeZt337nFy Kathy Tran caught spewing fake news: Says her bill would not change existing laws on late term abortions. That's false on many levels - explained here in detail
@naturalrights23 Thank you, and I believe Rex is now on GAB
check this out https://t.co/W9dF6j79b6
@ofctimallen The guy who plays the son-in-law is a perfect depiction of a beta male liberal. Either he actually is that in real life, or he's a hell of an actor
RT @RyanAFournier: Rashida Tlaib lied about her address to get elected. 		State law says you must live in the district at the time she ran.…
We can't all be given houses, Bernie https://t.co/e99K77vBof
Even CNBC can't deny that Trump made this happen https://t.co/Y1evi3UzBX
Uber prices here in NY just went up, as new minimum wage for drivers kicks in. These minimum wage promises by the left only end up hurting the consumer. Businesses are not going to allow themselves to lose money, so they cut jobs and raise prices. This is common sense to an adult
@BreitbartNews Sources say that Schultz is shocked by the attacks from the left. Because they know that he would pull moderate Democrats away from them, effectively helping Trump
RT @1776Stonewall: Actually, my mistake, it wasn't his high school - it was the Med School he attended. That's even worse.  Eastern Virgini…
Actually, my mistake, it wasn't his high school - it was the Med School he attended. That's even worse.  Eastern Virginia Medical School
Ralph Northam not only likes to kills babies both inside and outside the womb, but it appears the high school he went to it was so normal to dress in KKK robes and blackface, that they put it in the school yearbook. . Your move, leftists https://t.co/WO7kFKE39j
https://t.co/6Wkpv2zaLL Senate Republicans fighting Trump on Syria withdrawal
Chinese firms bought over 1 million metric tons of US soybeans today
U.S jobless claims drop to 49 year low
https://t.co/7I6lRmirac Ocasio-Cortez To Introduce First Bill To Congress, And It’s Pure SOCIALISM
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/xxtQXHdxkp As W.C. Fields once said: "I once spent a year in Philadelphia. . . I think it was on a Sunday"
https://t.co/xxtQXHdxkp As W.C. Fields once said: "I once spent a year in Philadelphia. . . I think it was on a Sunday"
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/p8DRdUWSv4 After Trump Sends Message To RBG, He Breaks Silence On BIG PLANS For Supreme Court
President Trump and President Xi will be meeting soon to finalize a trade deal, as China's economy continues to plummet
Elizabeth Warren apologizes to Cherokee Nation, after she proved that she was less Native than the average white American. The average white American is 1/600 Native American. Warren is 1/1024
@dontodd12855_jr And Trump really won New Hampshire, proven fraud on video by Project veritas. . And that's not even including states like Nevada and Colorado where illegal votes tipped the ballot
https://t.co/Xs5fqgVFz1 Look what Chris Cuomo compares wearing MAGA hats to
https://t.co/94FU0V1R2c No, Jim, attacking 85% of the country (Trump won 85% of American counties) does that. Believe it or not, people don't enjoy being labeled Nazi's for no reason
The left always mentions "Republican fear tactics". . . You leftists are predicting the world is ending in 2030. I don't think we can possibly top that.
@Rudertheduder Global Warming, of course. Can't you see how hot it is outside?
Do you believe the world is ending in 2030?
This is not the news I wanted on the first day of #BlackHistoryMonth
Ellen Page says the world will end by 2030? wait a minute, that's only 11 years? Fuck! I thought we had 12?
The left is back to their "Trump is going to start WWIII with Russia" again, after he pulled out of INF Treaty. . . You know, the exact opposite as "Trump is a Russian agent" accusation?
Cory Booker announced he was running on "The View". . . Too bad F-Troop wasn't still around for Elizabeth Warren to make her announcement
Rush Limbaugh is reading off article after article from recent weeks, during the shutdown, from the NY Times, Washington Post, CNN, and many others ALL predicting that the shutdown will result in a poor #JobsReport . . . Wrong again!! 304,000 new jobs
@krobinson_3232 Good news is bad news. That's how sick they are
@BreitbartNews There's a perfect solution: Leftists should find another planet. We Conservatives will take our chances here
Poppy Harlow and her CNN cronies were crying about how good of a mood Trump was in yesterday because he knew ahead of time about the great job numbers. Harlow admitted that people "for the first time in a LONG TIME, are making more money on the hour"
Rush Limbaugh "Trump obviously owns the right, but he has now carved out a solid place in the center" (as he's pushed the Dems so far left)
https://t.co/p8DRdUWSv4 After Trump Sends Message To RBG, He Breaks Silence On BIG PLANS For Supreme Court
@MASK572 Frasier is actually my all time favorite show. . . Kelsey Grammer is a Republican, by the way, and his show "The Boss" was pulled because of his politics
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/mcDpOGKK9d And before someone cries "Fake News". . . Sorry, but it's real, and not new. Here's an article f…
Remember when the left was feigning outrage over @therealroseanne for her "Nazi" bit she once did? Then, of course, all these photo's of leftist comedians started popping up doing the same exact thing? And no one cared? That's the left, folks.
https://t.co/mcDpOGKK9d And before someone cries "Fake News". . . Sorry, but it's real, and not new. Here's an article from 1993 by Roger Ebert
RT @thelauraledford: @1776Stonewall https://t.co/6Vdhv9sr8u
Uber liberal actor and Hillary friend/donor, Ted Danson, in blackface https://t.co/BCd0ctEN9T
Cory Booker says he's not gay. No doubt trying to get in front of a story from resurfacing that he groped a man in a bathroom. Matter fact the only evidence he's not gay, is that he himself admits to molesting a teenage girl against her will, in a school paper, written by himself
Not everyone can work for free. . Who do they think we are, Donald Trump?
https://t.co/WJXN32WLXX The left continues to try and out left each other. AOC proposed a 70% tax hike, now look what Crazy Bernie is proposing
So this is when the idiots on the left say "He's doing this to pretend that he isn't an agent. It's all coordinated with Putin". . That's how insane these people are
US withdrawing from cold war nuclear arms treaty, citing Russian violations. . Now why would Trump "the Russian agent" do that? This is almost as bad as when he had 200 Russian mercenaries killed. What a terrible agent he is
https://t.co/0H75xC0Is7 Ralph Northam refuses to apologize for supporting infanticide. says he has no regrets. Watch (you know, so Trump doesn't lie about what he "actually" said)
Cory Booker announces he's running in 2020. 	Who's his running mate. . Gannicus?
and because of this, the stock market is up another 150 points https://t.co/PgeikQd4PO
RT @RandPaul: He’s not wrong: Suddenly, when we finally have a President trying to end wars and withdraw troops, the Senate miraculously ra…
Nancy Pelosi says "Protection for dreamers, in exchange for a wall, is a non starter" . . And now you see why Trump's approval rating with Hispanics jumped 20 points
RT @1776Stonewall: @GovernorVA "Life"? What's that?
@GovernorVA "Life"? What's that?
https://t.co/oHWUv3JT7I WATCH: Pelosi Brain Freeze, Confuses Dems With GOP – ‘163 Voted, Only 20, Um, Uh…’
RT @1776Stonewall: @SebGorka Would Hillary Clinton be anyone if not for Bill? They want Michelle Obama to run, too. Great example they're s…
@SebGorka Would Hillary Clinton be anyone if not for Bill? They want Michelle Obama to run, too. Great example they're setting for young girls. Fuck powerful men. . there's a future in it
"See me as a human being, not a birth defect" https://t.co/xHT6vONRRj
RT @1776Stonewall: I know, right? If only Trump didn't kill 200 Russian mercenaries, you'd have a really strong point there, Joe https://t.…
I know, right? If only Trump didn't kill 200 Russian mercenaries, you'd have a really strong point there, Joe https://t.co/ncNnPkOj9r
had he* been
RT @1776Stonewall: This is how sick the left is. If you remember the Kate Steinle murder the killer, Jose Inez Garcia Zarate's original sto…
This is how sick the left is. If you remember the Kate Steinle murder the killer, Jose Inez Garcia Zarate's original story was that he was shooting at sea lions. The sick part is that had been found guilty of killing sea lions, he would've gotten in more trouble than killing Kate
What if I told you, that on the same day that Kathy Tran put forth a bill to KILL living babies, she also but forth a bill to SAVE "Fall Cankerworms", a local type of caterpillar. The bill would prohibit spraying during certain months
Adam Schiff proven wrong, again, as the Senate intel committee obtained phone records proving that Donald Trump Jr. did not speak to his father from a blocked telephone number in the days before the Trump Tower meeting.. Maybe he was thinking of his own RECORDED collusion call?
RT @1776Stonewall: FAKE NEWS: AOC Falsely Claims Her ‘Occupied Palestine’ Clip Is Doctored [VIDEO] https://t.co/X0wgyntl7y
https://t.co/krHegeT9mF Joe Scarborough accidentally admits that Trump isn't a racist.
@sillyleftys I'm from New York, you don't have to tell me
RT @1776Stonewall: See, what Mark here is doing is exactly what the media and the left do. They know that their constituency is too lazy an…
See, what Mark here is doing is exactly what the media and the left do. They know that their constituency is too lazy and too dumb to do their own research, so if a "trusted" source tells them something, they simply believe it. As you can see Mark got 1,000 likes for lying
RT @1776Stonewall: Actually we saw the videos ourselves. I know video evidence means nothing to you leftists, but it was quite clear what t…
Actually we saw the videos ourselves. I know video evidence means nothing to you leftists, but it was quite clear what they said. There was no chance of misinterpretation. .  And "Caring for children"? Are you serious? https://t.co/cYVLxbgBzA
FAKE NEWS: AOC Falsely Claims Her ‘Occupied Palestine’ Clip Is Doctored [VIDEO] https://t.co/X0wgyntl7y
WOW: AOC Tries Attacking Howard Schultz, Gets BRUTALLY MOCKED For Making Embarrassing Claim https://t.co/guCiiTf28w
That sums it up pretty well https://t.co/0TEori8Zpf
Schumer says Intel agencies should throw an intervention because Trump questions them on Iran, says they are trying to acquire nukes. Schumer didn't care that Obama weaponized Intel agencies and he's ignoring what border Intel are saying. And didn't they blame Comey for 2016?
RT @1776Stonewall: I'm absolutely shocked!  Chris Cuomo  attacks Nancy Pelosi  over border wall ,  says that we need more physical barriers…
I'm absolutely shocked!  Chris Cuomo  attacks Nancy Pelosi  over border wall ,  says that we need more physical barriers. Listen https://t.co/3n9QPPiUkx
Breitbart News Network https://t.co/7e6efvrFBt via @BreitbartNews Jussie Smolletts manager says he heard the attack while on the phone with him, but is refusing to hand over phone to investigators
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/E9DWX1cUBP Trump has new order to the Military, as more caravans approach
https://t.co/E9DWX1cUBP Trump has new order to the Military, as more caravans approach
This clip is also with Glenn Beck and Erik Boling, and they discuss even Walter Cronkite, who was the media voice of America, trusted by "everyone". . . But was as progressive far left as they came back then
https://t.co/Mxf1hUOxGA Bill O'reilly nails the lying lib media. . . We really need Bill back on top. He's a great voice. Listen to this clip
Trump's response to Virginia abortion politics: “I thought it was terrible. Do you remember when I said Hillary Clinton was willing to rip the baby out of the womb? That’s what it is, that’s what they’re doing, it’s terrible.”
https://t.co/58szUCVQnK Nellie Ohr testified that she investigated Trumps kids when Fusion GPS was hired by Hillary, Obama and the DNC. She also admits that Christopher Steele shared material with her husband, Bruce, who worked for the FBI and later the Mueller team
RT @1776Stonewall: Republican Mo Brooks (AL)Finds Loophole For Trump To Bypass Congress On Wall And Pelosi’s FURIOUS https://t.co/7XCfMk26me
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/APSiGw8Rxc  Schumer makes an ass o himself (I know) by admitting how much the shutdown cost. . . more than…
@domackis I love how he uses a Hispanic accent when he says "Latino". Nice touch
RT @domackis: @1776Stonewall You forgot Obama's call for illegals to vote in 2016. Before I could get there I had to wade thru a wall of li…
Kinda confusing, I know. I mean after all they're screaming for people to be thrown in jail for supposedly allowing foreigners to meddle in our elections, yet they are openly calling for illegals to vote - As Stacey Abrams is and Brenda Snipes admitted to, which Dems backed
Funny how leftists can't keep up with their own bullshit, and many times still repeat the outdated versions. Charlie Kirk was showing all the illegal votes in states, and some were denying the numbers. See, that's outdated. They're now supposed to openly be ok with illegal votes
https://t.co/7qJvKBUK8Z It is so fucking cold outside . . . I'm burning up!
RT @1776Stonewall: Today here in New York was actually a decent winter day. . . and then out of nowhere the skies became whiter than Elizab…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/aF0jmvyhvQ Trump reaches deal with Mexican president over migrant asylum seekers. . . not good news for the…
https://t.co/aF0jmvyhvQ Trump reaches deal with Mexican president over migrant asylum seekers. . . not good news for the open border crowd
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/k0iqrtsXsO 	John Kasich had a not so glorious moment on an airplane the other day
Today here in New York was actually a decent winter day. . . and then out of nowhere the skies became whiter than Elizabeth Warren #SnowSquall
https://t.co/k0iqrtsXsO 	John Kasich had a not so glorious moment on an airplane the other day
You know how leftists say stupid things, then deny ever saying them? Well now they are saying the caravans aren't a problem because they "turn themselves in". So then why did we "tear gas" them, again? Guess those stones they were throwing are just part of our immigration process
@_courage_to read his first 2 sentences carefully
RT @1776Stonewall: @allbikesbiker @chapman43342 @leah_mdfried @HellBoundReaper @FrankDoolin @olney_dan @AylaForTrump @gray95537361 @SuzieMc…
@allbikesbiker @chapman43342 @leah_mdfried @HellBoundReaper @FrankDoolin @olney_dan @AylaForTrump @gray95537361 @SuzieMcCloud @WillNotComplyUS @PaulBearer12 @LegiPatriNostr3 @Dan37773256 @WarlordDaddy @BirdRickbird7 @msnicole1124 @MarkGraben @Marcietee @kamasu521 @EyesOnTheHoriz1 @DavidSicilian @SuperJohn100755 @trollmaster5001 @dyro874 @JanetTxBlessed @RonMyers98 @TruthFairies @Taylor96Taylor @pantherkat @alanlieb @MrsZ_MAGA @davidtravis1960 @Christi12866558 @javadisciple @mpollandsr @larryjo58000294 @NonSnowflake @NaldrettPat @LoriLNoel2 @H_Hawks16 @AnneMcCune7 @Beachbabe661 @Ricky56258680 @4brendas @LucyLovesTrump @Lynnoftrumpland @TheTestyTarheel @ElderLansing @frznsoonrmn @Freedom2713 You still don't see that you basically wrote the same thing twice, huh? Read your first 2 sentences
@krobinson_3232 precisely!
@Deskprotestor That too, and that he effectively said the same thing twice
RT @1776Stonewall: Do you need me to point out the irony, folks? https://t.co/dlWsvzpyNB
Do you need me to point out the irony, folks? https://t.co/dlWsvzpyNB
@Robbegood @charliekirk11 It's precisely what Josef Mengele did
https://t.co/APSiGw8Rxc  Schumer makes an ass o himself (I know) by admitting how much the shutdown cost. . . more than the wall
RT @charliekirk11: Breaking:		Pennsylvania officials have admitted to finding names of 11,198 non-citizens registered to vote on the state’…
RT @1776Stonewall: so when are Democrats passing this "Mengele" bill? https://t.co/Mn9sOGPFJu
so when are Democrats passing this "Mengele" bill? https://t.co/Mn9sOGPFJu
@charliekirk11 Oh, but Charlie, "he's only talking about babies with deformities", so if say the baby is missing his big toe, than it's ok to throw a pillow over his mouth and snuff it out
https://t.co/4gyDdlTZcP 	Maxine Waters blames Trump for "attack" on Empire star, but police have reviewed "hundreds of hours" of video footage and still haven't found ANY attack happening on film
@KeyToZion @realmikenemesi Yes, until they're told they have to pay for it through taxes. polling shows that after they learned that little detail, support for it fell dramatically, I think to 26%
Some people defending Ralph Northam's stance on killing babies after birth, saying "well he was talking about babies who had deformities". Oh, is that all? So if I see someone walking around with 3 fingers on one hand, can I stab the fucker? Or maybe pour acid on him, as they do?
RT @1776Stonewall: Leftists don't even have one brain, never less 2 of them
Leftists don't even have one brain, never less 2 of them
Incredibly leftists are still saying that even after birth a baby is still "the mothers body". It was NEVER your body. I can't believe I have to explain this to the "science" crowd, but humans don't have 2 hearts or 2 brains, especially when the body isn't even inside you anymore
Which really makes my point, that there is no more democratic party. In order to run as a true Democrat,  you have to call yourself something else, an independent in this case
Even though Schultz says he will run as an independent, in reality he's simply running as a pre Trump Democrat. He's actually the most classic Democrat running, as the people listed as so called Democrats are actually now socialists
Elizabeth Warren Asked Ex-Starbucks CEO For Campaign Money; He Refused For HILARIOUS Reason https://t.co/sV7spp6R5x
@BCAL1976 And as Rush said, they discuss it as commonly as if they were discussing whether or not to turn a faucet on or off
RT @1776Stonewall: This exposes the excuse that the left had that it was for the mother's health. If the baby is already born, then it's no…
This exposes the excuse that the left had that it was for the mother's health. If the baby is already born, then it's not about the health of the mother, now is it?
I'm hearing audio of him talking about it right now, and he saying it as if it's a completely reasonable alternative. Nothing in his voice seems to suggest that this is wrong. Let me guess, leftists, an infant isn't a baby either?
Virginia Governor Defends Letting Infants Die https://t.co/wRffMDFbA1 governor of Virginia, Ralph Northam, suggest abortion after Labor, that they would keep the infant comfortable for a while and then decide whether or not to eliminate. This is the left, folks.
The Dow is up 430 points after the Fed says that it will be patient  raising rates. See, as always, we were right. The Fed was the problem. Dow Jones back up to 25,000
Republican Mo Brooks (AL)Finds Loophole For Trump To Bypass Congress On Wall And Pelosi’s FURIOUS https://t.co/7XCfMk26me
Bitter Dems Are SICK Of Ocasio-Cortez, Hatch Plan To End Her Political Career https://t.co/7RnacCuZA0
It is a perfect illustration on how the media is the head of the Democratic Party. Without the media the left doesn't exist. It is because of their lies and propaganda that the left exists at all
I'm listening to Rush Limbaugh and it appears that Kamala Harris as already caved on her plan to get rid of private healthcare, because the big money insurances have put pressure on her. CNN reported her cave, she then got mad at CNN and they retracted the story
Jimmy Kimmel And Other Celebrities Get Exposed For Having WALLS Around Their Homes https://t.co/pRRl6l8HcE
I've heard a few different options for Trump to build his wall, I mentioned one of them yesterday with the unobligated balances, but another one would be to allow the states to do it. For instance Texas could fund their own wall and take over eminent domain
https://t.co/kSuLrlGobz More and more Dems are supporting Trump's wall, flipping on Pelosi. They even point out the fact that it's what the "experts" say is needed
https://t.co/LGG1LvhYT8 Rush Limbaugh: ‘What’s The Difference Between Stormy Daniels And Kamala Harris?’
Susan Collins proving she is the RINO I always said she was. When people were applauding her for her Kavanaugh speech, I pointed out that it shouldn't have come to that. Why applaud her for almost denying him a seat? Because she chose not to vote with the Dems at the last second?
With masks on, no less. And did so in the one spot in Chicago where there was no surveillance cameras or witnesses (obvious criminal masterminds) . . And why was Jussie still wearing the rope they supposedly put around his neck (for apparently no reason) an hour after the "crime" https://t.co/Eji6GeSLiD
And Christopher Wray  allowing his FBI to be weaponized in a political witch hunt, doesn't make him weak, it makes him complicit.
As Dan Bongino points out: When Mueller had Manaforts home raided, that was right after the IG released the Strzok/Page texts. Now with the raid on Stone, shortly after Bruce Ohr testified, exposing Andy Weissman (who's on the Mueller team)
@krobinson_3232 And the supposed "crime" occurred at 2 am, yet he was still wearing the rope around his neck when police arrived at 2:42. Why keep a rope around your neck for nearly an hour?
RT @1776Stonewall: Obviously some sort of ninjas are to blame. I would start searching the local sewer system. I hear there are actually 4…
Obviously some sort of ninjas are to blame. I would start searching the local sewer system. I hear there are actually 4 Italian men who dress as turtles, and they're not to be trusted. And they do wear masks
RT @1776Stonewall: Why anyone would want to harm such a loving "man" is beyond me? https://t.co/xPGIyN53yX
Why anyone would want to harm such a loving "man" is beyond me? https://t.co/xPGIyN53yX
Luckily he's said to be in good condition, which is very fortunate, considering the perpetrators obviously got him in an area in Chicago where no one else was around and managed to get a rope around his neck, apparently for no reason whatsoever.
RT @1776Stonewall: unfortunately no witnesses nor surveillance captured this heinous crime. The Perpetrators obviously had great knowledge…
unfortunately no witnesses nor surveillance captured this heinous crime. The Perpetrators obviously had great knowledge of Chicago's surveillance layout. They were able to walk around with masks and wrap rope around his neck, which he was unable to remove before police arrived.
RT @1776Stonewall: No commentary necessary https://t.co/q0zTJgU4Jh
No commentary necessary https://t.co/q0zTJgU4Jh
dozens of blacks are murdered on the streets of Chicago every week, many of them children. over 4,000 during Obama admin. Do you know the names of any of those victims? . . Yet Jussie is trending? I wonder why? You don't suppose the "MAGA country" lie has anything to do with it?
I'll be honest, I had absolutely no idea who Jussie Smollett was. . . but when I heard it was a "hate crime", the one thing I was positively sure about was that he was anything but a white Christian male.
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/rWCxeIbifq The Democrat House is now removing "so help me God" from the oath administered to witness testim…
https://t.co/wN0K8X4C1d  They're not even trying to hide it anymore, folks! The Democrat party is officially a thing of the past
RT @1776Stonewall: @Liz_Wheeler @Hermes23 And this is a perfect example of the left in general. I guarantee you that many, if not most, peo…
@Liz_Wheeler @Hermes23 And this is a perfect example of the left in general. I guarantee you that many, if not most, people who vote Democrat and agree with leftist policies, do so because they truly don't understand what they're supporting
RT @1776Stonewall: @Yamiche @JussieSmollett The fact that Microsoft doesn't put you on their so-called "blacklist" for blatantly lying just…
@Yamiche @JussieSmollett The fact that Microsoft doesn't put you on their so-called "blacklist" for blatantly lying just shows how out of control the leftist media is. In order to be blacklisted, you must tell the truth
@PrisonPlanet @suzanne23208566 Thus "The enemy of the people" is an accurate assessment
https://t.co/uHJSi2U7BB Unearthed Video Shows Ocasio-Cortez’s Political Party Call For Israel’s Elimination [WATCH]
https://t.co/4NCZl4LLJZ The Democrats choose Stacey Abrams to deliver the SOTU rebuttal, the woman who is famous for burning her states flag. . Good choice, you idiots
RT @RandyRRQuaid: Coldest Ever Recorded!❄️☃️💨🌧 https://t.co/qinLILIZFK
RT @robinblackmma: One Minute #BREAKDOWN: Stephanie vs #CAT! 		#bink #KO		Another highlight from the InterSpecies Fighting Championships.…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/6jq7hL2Blv There might be a way for Trump to build the wall without having to call National Emergency, and…
@cherie4hugs2 Show me video when you do that
https://t.co/bTd8Y4NYKC  Kamala Harris bashes Trump's wall/barrier, as she has a barrier blocking people off from her speech
@wolfrow3 Thank you. I have many cats, indoor and out. unfortunately she can't be around other cats, she has her own room. she has the back patio (Florida) room. Before I knew she was sick she had a litter of kittens, all died but 1, which I was able to save. Kitten and daddy are in house
@D1Overson what a stupid thing to say
@D1Overson that's a block
And thank you for all the people who always DM me, asking about her and pray for her. She's truly a special cat. She immediately likes anyone and everyone she meets
RT @1776Stonewall: "Betsy", who has Leukemia and AIDS (also blind in one eye) is doing much better on her new steroids. Last year she almos…
"Betsy", who has Leukemia and AIDS (also blind in one eye) is doing much better on her new steroids. Last year she almost died, and about a month ago she had lost weight, didn't have much of an appetite. Now her appetite is great. She has her own room. She's beyond affectionate https://t.co/3gJDhHbKxu
https://t.co/rWCxeIbifq The Democrat House is now removing "so help me God" from the oath administered to witness testimonies. They want to erase everything America stands for
I'll be honest, this is the first I'm hearing of the "unobligated balances" angle, but it sure is interesting, and it appears other presidents have used it many times. I'm sure Trump is looking into this as we speak
https://t.co/6jq7hL2Blv There might be a way for Trump to build the wall without having to call National Emergency, and the money is already there waiting for him. . Read here
RT @1776Stonewall: Comparing Roger Stone arrest to bin Laden raid: 12 Navy Seals for bin Laden. Stone they had 20 armed SWAT members, nearl…
Acosta Melts Down, Accuses Sarah Sanders Of Not Living ‘In The Real World’ https://t.co/gjh6fedNzp
RT @1776Stonewall: Remember the model who was being held in a Thailand prison  that the left went to interview because she supposedly could…
Remember the model who was being held in a Thailand prison  that the left went to interview because she supposedly could confirm  parts of the  Russian dossier used to spy on Trump? Well she now admits  she made it all up "to save her life" https://t.co/djZprIEuyy
Rookie Dem Attacks Trump Over ‘Muslim Ban,’ Proves She’s More Clueless Than We All Thought https://t.co/8NzixQKudh
Bwahahahahaha!! Waters Says Russia ‘Sent’ Manafort To Trump Campaign, Then Admits ‘I Don’t Have Proof’ . Watch this absolute imbecile https://t.co/lctIL9MM6S
REPORT: Dem Rep. Who Slandered Trump Exposed For TROUBLING Ties To Antisemitism https://t.co/9IwcKmKVnM
RT @1776Stonewall: I always like to remind people that during the election Wikileaks exposed a 37-page memo, sent by John podesta to all th…
I always like to remind people that during the election Wikileaks exposed a 37-page memo, sent by John podesta to all the major pollsters, which broke down in detail how to rig their polling results. To be used as propaganda, of course
And the funny part is that even Gallup research says that about 35% of Americans are conservative, and 23% liberal. So not only do they over sample leftists by 10-20%, but it's even worse because it's completely backwards. There's a 30 points swing
The poll also neglects to mention that trumps approval rating is far higher than Nancy Pelosi or Chuck Schumer's, and that it is actually quite normal for presidents poll numbers to go down a bit during a shutdown
New ABC poll shows that 56% of Americans would not vote for Donald Trump in 2020. . . One little problem: that poll only sampled 23% Republicans. It's all phony, folks
MUST SEE: Veteran OBGYN Speaks Out, SLAMS ‘Sick’ New York Law For Abortions Up to Birth https://t.co/G4EAGRuYit
Meghan McCain says she hates America without her father's leadership. Her father was the most hated man in Washington, had a 7% approval rating near the time of his death https://t.co/F3rNR2Srfr
@TonyLohitnavy 66
RT @1776Stonewall: And to think that the FBI needed that big of an arsenal to arrest a harmless 65 year old who doesn't own a gun, it kind…
And to think that the FBI needed that big of an arsenal to arrest a harmless 65 year old who doesn't own a gun, it kind of proves that the average citizen actually does need guns then to protect themselves. So at least Mueller proved that the Second Amendment is a necessity
Comparing Roger Stone arrest to bin Laden raid: 12 Navy Seals for bin Laden. Stone they had 20 armed SWAT members, nearly 20 Vehicles, including armored cars, helicopters and they even had two boats behind his house in case he made a swim for it. This is a 60 something year old
This tweet is from two years ago. Didn't age well, did it? As she's now promising a policy that actually would lose these 2.6 million jobs https://t.co/bPf6xPyivM
https://t.co/NfWZuzoksu WATCH: Holocaust Survivor Has Strong Words For Anyone Who Thinks Trump Is “Hitler”
RT @1776Stonewall: @RepMarkMeadows https://t.co/MIySeqwcY4 If you missed it, here it is. Just watch this real quick. This is a man who desp…
@RepMarkMeadows https://t.co/MIySeqwcY4 If you missed it, here it is. Just watch this real quick. This is a man who desperately wants to prove Trump is a Russian agent and that he colluded. . Just look at this. He has ZERO evidence. The interviewer all but laughs at him
RT @1776Stonewall: @RepMarkMeadows Matter of fact his key piece of "evidence" is STILL that time when Trump mocked the left on live TV and…
@RepMarkMeadows Matter of fact his key piece of "evidence" is STILL that time when Trump mocked the left on live TV and jokingly asked Russia for Hillary's missing emails. That's still their go-to proof. . It's truly sad at this point
RT @1776Stonewall: @RepMarkMeadows And did you see Eric Swalwell on PBS? Remember that this is a man who wants nothing more than to prove c…
@RepMarkMeadows And did you see Eric Swalwell on PBS? Remember that this is a man who wants nothing more than to prove collusion and that Trump is a Russian agent, and has looked at every little piece of "evidence". He was asked repeatedly for proof to back up his accusations, and he had NOTHING
https://t.co/h4CLRI2F0V The great Rush Limbaugh was so on point yesterday when discussing the NY abortion law,which allows abortions even on your due date, and even after birth, should the baby survive the procedure. And he was right on the mark discussing Covington
https://t.co/xoSFG5oWDe Ocasio-Cortez has refused to go on nearly a dozen Fox News shows. Which means she has no confidence in her convictions whatsoever
RT @1776Stonewall: @VerdadyJustic12 @missycat999 And the deadliest hurricane in US history is still the Galveston hurricane. .  in 1900!	2n…
@VerdadyJustic12 @missycat999 And the deadliest hurricane in US history is still the Galveston hurricane. .  in 1900!	2nd is the Okeechobee hurricane, 1928. 	These idiots also talk about rising sea levels, yet ignore hundreds of ANCIENT submerged cities. Even submerged continents from MILLIONS of years ago
https://t.co/qXGLiUNOnC and here was the Washington Post calling him complicit for Hurricanes
RT @1776Stonewall: See, this is what the left does. They say absolutely insane things, and then they later deny saying them. Do they forget…
See, this is what the left does. They say absolutely insane things, and then they later deny saying them. Do they forget that we have a thing called "the internet" where we can prove what they said. Here's a video of CNN blaming Trump for hurricanes. https://t.co/rAG7ui8q0X https://t.co/cW4pCSEp7D
@phoenixruth1 well, thank you Ruth!
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump The left also had no problem making a hero out of Nathan Phillips, who also is a phony Vietnam Vet. Mat…
@realDonaldTrump The left also had no problem making a hero out of Nathan Phillips, who also is a phony Vietnam Vet. Matter of fact the leftist media helped advance that lie. There's a term for that, isn't there? . . Fake something?
@krobinson_3232 It's such a silly, immature thing to do. It happens to everyone. Who cares? Sometimes if I'm on my laptop the keyboard doesn't register a certain letter, so there's a letter missing from a word. Other times I use voice command on my phone, and the wrong word appears. Who cares?
And every single time there's an unusually warm day in the winter, or a cold day in the summer, they point to climate change. I'm telling you, folks, we're dealing with some seriously ignorant people here. It's honestly not even funny, it's quite scary actually
Funny reading the childish tweets in the "Global Waming" trend. Many have their own typos/misspellings, while calling Trump an idiot for one. They also call him and us idiots for "not knowing the difference between climate and weather", yet they blame Trump for every hurricane
And this moron tried so hard to make sure his tweet didn't have any errors, as he was calling Trump an idiot for a typo. He probably proof read it 20 times before he posted it.
RT @1776Stonewall: "in case someone care enough"? Don't you mean "cares"? . . And talking about not knowing the difference between "weather…
"in case someone care enough"? Don't you mean "cares"? . . And talking about not knowing the difference between "weather and climate", maybe you libs should stop blaming him for every hurricane, no? Isn't that "weather"?  - I'll screenshot this for you, in case it gets "lost" https://t.co/5KZZPOb1xe
So then why do you leftists blame every hurricane on Trump now, since he pulled out of the Paris accord? The hypocrisy on your side is simply stunning https://t.co/qvbuomYqzx
@RealSaavedra Leftists still actually believe that semi automatic weapons are "weapons of war" and not much different than fully automatic. They have no idea that it's 1 bullet per trigger pull. We're literally dealing with people who have the brains of 5 year olds
RT @JaxElmo: @calebinpdx @1776Stonewall @Imfunny71 @realDonaldTrump There is no such thing, once you are entitled, they own you, get your h…
@RealJamesWoods That's classic! . . Definitely a leftist, by the way
Uh Oh: Leaked Video Shows Bernie Sanders Singing And Drinking With Soviets In The USSR https://t.co/Pote0DFtqo
These leftists look for all these boxes to check, which is the only reason Kamala Harris is the front runner. She's a woman and a minority. That's what they see. . She's also corrupt, knee deep in scandals, which the left seems to love, too
RT @1776Stonewall: Women's unemployment lowest in 60 years. . And Try not to lose control and curse me out like a child this time, simply f…
Women's unemployment lowest in 60 years. . And Try not to lose control and curse me out like a child this time, simply for proving you wrong https://t.co/jJCMVrLl6e
@Imfunny71 @calebinpdx @realDonaldTrump Not to mention how the left treated Sarah Palin. Also the fact that Hillary and all the Dems paid their female employees significantly less than the men. Trump's been promoting women or decades
@krobinson_3232 Yeah, I have no idea what that means
RT @1776Stonewall: Huh? https://t.co/3Se5CSwKg9
Huh? https://t.co/3Se5CSwKg9
And liberal Hollywood promotes this as well. Every romantic movie, who's the "eligible bachelor"? The richest single dude in town, right?
Think about the message the Democrats are sending to young girls: Hillary Clinton was their nominee in 2016 and now Kamala Harris is their front runner, unless Michele Obama decides to run. So basically marry or sleep your way to the top is the message here
RT @1776Stonewall: @charliekirk11 Well, on the other hand, they can move to Cuba and drive a classic 1950 Oldsmobile
@charliekirk11 Well, on the other hand, they can move to Cuba and drive a classic 1950 Oldsmobile
https://t.co/bV1rbawhdE Kamala Harris tries desperately to downplay her affair with Willie Brown, who says she threatened him with an indictment after their scandalous affair
RT @1776Stonewall: @CLafoquita https://t.co/szTA8N4yxp watch this. This was at the 1988 Republican national convention, Larry King was inte…
@CLafoquita https://t.co/szTA8N4yxp watch this. This was at the 1988 Republican national convention, Larry King was interviewing Trump, asking him why he's a Republican
@CLafoquita The Democrats who voted for him have already switched parties. In Pennsylvania alone in 2016 there were about 100,000 Democrats that switched parties during the primaries to vote for him. Same thing happened across the country.
RT @1776Stonewall: @CLafoquita Trump's not a Democrat. He ran in their circles because they were easy to bribe. There's videos dating back…
@CLafoquita Trump's not a Democrat. He ran in their circles because they were easy to bribe. There's videos dating back to 1988 where he says he's Republican, sounded same as now. Dems of today (not of 2016 who switched parties) are so filled with hate for Trump, they'd never vote for him
liked*
Many Republicans likes Perot. He was actually kind of a lesser version of Trump. And I've already heard from a few moderate Dems that they like Schultz
As a friend of mine said the other day, it will be similar to Ross Perot running in 1992, which took votes away from George H.W. Bush.
Howard Schultz running in 2020 is a huge plus for us. He's bashing Trump. He has no chance of stealing even a single Trump supporter to his side. Add that to the fact that Dems will be forced to run on a socialist platform, which will result in moderate Dems voting for Schultz
@boy75_the Robert Mueller
Willie Brown says that Kamala Harris threatened him with an indictment after their affair, which launched her political career. . This is the "frontrunner" on the left, folks
@boy75_the Yeah, here's a hint - His initials are RM
Rep. Andy Biggs (R-AZ) has sent a letter to the DOJ demanding an investigation to find how CNN (though he didn't specifically name CNN) knew about the Stone arrest. . If you actually bought the "instinct" BS, well, you're just an idiot
AG Whitaker says Mueller team is wrapping up
https://t.co/Zm6mp9Rvs5 Nancy Pelosi caves on SOTU
Border Patrol Wives Send BOLD Message To Pelosi For Opposing Wall; ‘Stop Pretending You Care!’ https://t.co/EdBqXRH6FJ
Looks like Chicago is defying the global warming scare, as record low temperatures are set for this week. And I know the left likes tell us not to confuse weather with climate, yet they do it all the time. They even blame hurricanes on Trump. Hurricane Trump LOL
Trump FIRES BACK At Ann Coulter Over Her Recent Attacks https://t.co/Py63CUY0ak
@BoSnerdley remind Rush that the house actually did pass 5.7 billion for a border wall this past December. It didn't have 60 votes and McConnell didn't go nuclear. Rush is forgetting this
After Trump Ends Dem Shutdown, Pelosi Announces Change To SOTU Address https://t.co/jaO3KWlLgJ
https://t.co/TNmejOcrSM Have you ever seen a complete imbecile lose their mind? Observe:
@ArmandoMadgab Good parents
RT @1776Stonewall: See, if Hispanics learned English, in an English speaking country, they would have more opportunities to succeed and adv…
See, if Hispanics learned English, in an English speaking country, they would have more opportunities to succeed and advance, and perhaps one day not rely on government handouts, and that simply can not be permitted
Tom Brokaw forced to apologize for his "radical" "white supremacist" stance, that Hispanics should try to assimilate and perhaps even learn English. If you are a moderate Democrat, I'm afraid you are without a party
@stand4honor precisely
RT @1776Stonewall: @dbongino Very simple. Just like everything else with them, they've been told to hate it
@dbongino Very simple. Just like everything else with them, they've been told to hate it
https://t.co/uRUpraVBV1 This is precisely why I root for Tom Brady. The hatred from the left
See this upsets me. Why is he helping Hillary? https://t.co/ICG4gfX8iu
@BreitbartNews It's funny, when Trump was running many on the right were nervous he wasn't a true conservative, or far enough right. now it's become quite clear he's probably more conservative than 99% of elected Republicans.
For a Republican (And yes I know he's a RINO) to be against wanting to stop the flow of illegal immigration is self defeating, as its purpose is to end the Republican party
This is the problem with Republican party. Please voters, you must remember things like this and not vote for these people ever again. . . Luckily there's nothing congress can really do to stop Trump on this, but still: Why was Rubio ok with the 13 emergencies Obama called? https://t.co/Hlid9Tc2oh
RT @1776Stonewall: The only problem is that Santa is an old Christian white guy who doesn't believe in climate change, as he's still living…
RT @1776Stonewall: The sad thing is that believing in Santa is just as childish as believing in pretty much anything the left says these da…
The only problem is that Santa is an old Christian white guy who doesn't believe in climate change, as he's still living comfortably in the frigid North Pole
The sad thing is that believing in Santa is just as childish as believing in pretty much anything the left says these days. It's all fantasy. They have become the party of children, waiting for a sleigh filled with gifts to arrive at their front door
Kamala Harris' first presidential promise? "Medicare for all". . The battle on the left in the 2020 primaries will be "who can give away the most free shit". Santa Claus has become the face of the left. . . And I learned Santa wasn't real by the time I was 6
@krobinson_3232 Yes, after calling me a Nazi
RT @1776Stonewall: Of course battling leftists is akin to hunting fenced-in quail, but still, a record is a record
Of course battling leftists is akin to hunting fenced-in quail, but still, a record is a record
I've gotten into many debates with leftists, both online and in person. I estimate my "battle record" to be something in the neighborhood of 8,500-0
RT @1776Stonewall: But indigenous people, like yourself Mrs. Warren have tax exemptions, do they not? . . Maybe then you'd understand that…
But indigenous people, like yourself Mrs. Warren have tax exemptions, do they not? . . Maybe then you'd understand that the top 1% actually pay more taxes then the bottom 90%
You want to know why Trump hasn't released documents? Well, maybe it's because of things like this. Many of those documents implicate Mueller himself. so if Mueller ever decides to actually charge Trump directly, instead of silly process crimes, he has an immediate retort https://t.co/lZ4Y55UsZd
@charliekirk11 And that proves that they're not "fleeing" anything
@CobyJAscott @DonSivyer See, now if you were a leftist, you would expect all of Italy to learn English to accommodate you
@zattack2016 Very telling!
Appears that both parties want to move further right https://t.co/ZYe0fp3ZIc
Dan Rather, another of the old guard, has been critical of Ocasio Cortez. See, they see it, and they don't like it. The majority of young leftists aren't "Democrat" at all, they are full blown Socialist/communists
And even Obama, believe it or not, is 'righter' than this current class. After all he (and Hillary) ran opposed to gay marriage in 2008. Imagine that today? He, as well as every other Democrat, ran on strong borders. imagine that today? There is no more Democrat party
The left is now turning on Tom Brokaw, calling him a "white supremacist" because he said Hispanics should try to assimilate and learn English. The Dems have gone so far left that even old Democrats aren't accepted. Really, any president prior to Obama is too far right for them
RT @RealMattCouch: Mike Cernovich Says Christianity to Blame For America’s Problems, Says We Need Islam https://t.co/YQUpndnoyv https://t.c…
https://t.co/6lhWwLT3X1 SORRY BERNIE! Even The NY Times Is Trashing Socialism After Venezuela Collapse
@RealSaavedra Yeah, don't you know, they didn't have tunnels yet in medieval times
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/MIySeqeC6w  BWAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
@ouabain9 @AdamSchiff And he followed that up with a series of emails, begging for the information. And that was during the Russia hysteria. People forget that before this hoax, meeting with agents of other countries to get dirt on political rivals was (and still is) common practice
After all this time, their key piece of "evidence" is still that time when Trump mocked the let on live TV and jokingly asked Russia for Hillary's emails. . . I mean how old are you?
And just think, this is someone who REALLY wants to prove that Trump is a Russian stooge, colluded with Russia, and has looked at any and every bit of information to prove confirm that. . . and he has absolutely nothing
This is too good. This PBS host hit him with some truth bombs too, that he simply couldn't coherently address
https://t.co/MIySeqeC6w  BWAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
RT @1776Stonewall: @Cernovich I guess what Mike thinks we need is maybe some Sharia Law?. . . Did you hear that, ladies?
@Cernovich I guess what Mike thinks we need is maybe some Sharia Law?. . . Did you hear that, ladies?
RT @1776Stonewall: I think the point that Mike is missing, is that it's not "Christianity" that has given us any of that. . . it's the lack…
I think the point that Mike is missing, is that it's not "Christianity" that has given us any of that. . . it's the lack of it
@gina3743 https://t.co/Q5rrL6qPTE
https://t.co/GSLL1f91be Who wants good news?
@MagaDrex I suppose he wants Sharia law too? That'll be fun. They executed dozens of children for watching a soccer game last year
RT @1776Stonewall: @Cernovich Yeah Islam has never done anything nearly as bad🙄
@Cernovich Yeah Islam has never done anything nearly as bad🙄
Ummm????? https://t.co/JyDCVapJTW
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/kDhF1o5owI God I love being proven right. . . What was that about "Pelosi wiped the floor with Trump"?
And NBC oversamples Democrats by 10-20%, so her numbers are lower, and Trumps higher
and this was an NBC poll, so no excuses, liberals
https://t.co/kDhF1o5owI God I love being proven right. . . What was that about "Pelosi wiped the floor with Trump"?
#WeRemember . . . . But we really don't
Ironic that #HolocaustMemorialDay and #NeverAgain are both trending at the same time, and by the same people. Let's see, "SOCIALISM" seems to be a central theme here, no? Taking people's guns. Sound familiar? Mueller's Gestapo tactics? But I guess if you don't know history . . .
https://t.co/fb8yFpFD6d  Will This 3rd Party Candidate Help Trump Easily Get Re-Elected? ‘The Atlantic’ Thinks So…
@clearlyunrefine @charliekirk11 He thinks we can just print it
@charliekirk11 "for" $15
@charliekirk11 It's sad that we even have to explain things like this. The left has become the party of children. We are the adults in the room, having to explain even the basics of life. It's really quite sad and pathetic
RT @1776Stonewall: @charliekirk11 I have a liberal friend, works at a pizzeria, he asked me "why can't government just give us all millions…
@charliekirk11 I have a liberal friend, works at a pizzeria, he asked me "why can't government just give us all millions o dollars?" So I said, "What then? Do you still expect your boss to come in and sell pizza pies or $15?" . . And it would be the same effect in all business. Why do anything?
RT @1776Stonewall: @charliekirk11 Yes, and that's such a sad existence. To hate on people just because they made it in life? It's easier to…
@charliekirk11 Yes, and that's such a sad existence. To hate on people just because they made it in life? It's easier to blame the "system" of why some made it and you didn't. Now with the left favoring Socialism means that they've given up on ambition altogether
https://t.co/CELRQbW9uN If you didn't see Judge Jeanine's opening statement last night, watch it here. She nails what's going on with the Mueller "Gestapo" tactics
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/A81Abor5nP Ok everyone, get ready for a BIG "I told you so"! This is what I've been saying. The shutdown se…
RT @1776Stonewall: @charliekirk11 Bill Clinton declared emergencies 17 times, Barack Obama 13 and George W. Bush 12. . If I were Trump I'd…
@charliekirk11 Bill Clinton declared emergencies 17 times, Barack Obama 13 and George W. Bush 12. . If I were Trump I'd call one for illegal Border crossings and another for illegal voting
RT @1776Stonewall: @charliekirk11 This is how they've taken California, this is how sinema won in Arizona, this is why Colorado, Nevada and…
@charliekirk11 Remember that Brenda Snipes ADMITS she's counted illegal votes, and the Dems OPENLY argued to continue doing so in this past midterm
@charliekirk11 This is how they've taken California, this is how sinema won in Arizona, this is why Colorado, Nevada and many other states are even in play for the left. Americans don't vote Democrat, for the most part. Non Americans do
Now you see why the Dems simply can NEVER agree to a wall and why they're for open borders. As I said, keeping the government shut, waiting for a deal, would be fruitless. There's no deal to be made. National emergency a must https://t.co/jiNTRTO6R5
https://t.co/XQjngc9u7r Newspaper Will Pay Melania Trump “Substantial Damages” For FALSE Report/Fake News
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump Just make sure you use that National emergency Act, which has been used 42 times since it's passing in…
@realDonaldTrump Just make sure you use that National emergency Act, which has been used 42 times since it's passing in 1976, on February 15. And look for ways to expedite that to the Supreme Court. Congress can't stop you. You can veto any attempt, and then they would require 2/3 of both Houses
RT @realDonaldTrump: BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! https://t.co/a0G7GWi74k
@Firedawg007 He doesn't need Yes votes. He can call it by himself. The problem is that they can block it, but really they can't, as his veto would then make them need 2/3 of each House - which they don't have. so it's fine, really
@PomRants ASSociation?
I believe Trump could then Veto that, and then they would need 2/3 of each house to overrule, but still, put pressure on them anyway. Enough is enough. Time to get behind Trump, or get out of the way
RT @Falgi: .@GOPLeader @SenateGOP @GOP @senatemajldr glad to know you have enough smarts to back @realDonaldTrump in 2020; NOW WHY DON'T YO…
RT @opREDPILL: This young man has quickly become a favorite of mine. So smart only in 8th grade and can logically use common sense better t…
So if these are your Senators, I suggest you give them a call:		Sen. Mitt Romney (R-UT)	Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-TN)	Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME)	Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO)	Sen. Johnny Isakson (R-GA)	Sen. Lisa Murkowksi (R-AK)
RT @1776Stonewall: Here's the 1 problem with National emergency: 6 Republicans threatening to vote against it, and yes, if the majority of…
Here's the 1 problem with National emergency: 6 Republicans threatening to vote against it, and yes, if the majority of both houses vote against it, it can destroy it. . So remember that Trump is the one fighting for you. He's not the problem. Point your blame where it belongs https://t.co/6RsFrItKnW
@gina_chevy @JPStarks @Bob72270 @AnnCoulter Yep, she always loved Romney, McCain and McConnell. She has a thing for RINOs
The National Emergencies Act of 1976 has been used 42 times. These so called experts NEVER questioned it, until now, of course. What Obama did with DACA, on the other hand, had ZERO statutory basis
RT @1776Stonewall: Notice how Dan has less than 1 million twitter followers, yet got 66 thousand likes, far more than people with 10 times…
Notice how Dan has less than 1 million twitter followers, yet got 66 thousand likes, far more than people with 10 times his followers get? . . That's because twitter amplifies leftist tweets, and suppresses conservative ones
Can you believe that Howard Schultz is running for president? Now, I know what you're all thinking, "Who the fuck is Howard Schultz"?
I do notice though, Dan, that the old guard has sent you out to attack Ocasio-Cortez. Don't think I missed that one. Sick em, boy
This coming from a man who said Obama was the only "Scandal free president"? . . Dan, Obama put spies in Trump campaign, even James Clapper admitted that. Remember? "It was for his own good". And the IRS admitted it was weaponized to win the 2012 election, taking down Tea Party https://t.co/7vEeXozFwB
https://t.co/A81Abor5nP Ok everyone, get ready for a BIG "I told you so"! This is what I've been saying. The shutdown served its purpose. Read here what Dana Bash just said about the "moderate" Democrats and Trump's border messaging.
RT @1776Stonewall: Make sure you listen to this video clip. It's just 3 minutes, but it really is EXACTLY what we are up against. Pass this…
Make sure you listen to this video clip. It's just 3 minutes, but it really is EXACTLY what we are up against. Pass this on. I couldn't say this any better if I tried
RT @1776Stonewall: @DineshDSouza As Ronald Reagan once said, "The trouble with our liberal friends is not that they're ignorant, it's just…
@DineshDSouza As Ronald Reagan once said, "The trouble with our liberal friends is not that they're ignorant, it's just that they know so much that isn't so"
This is SO accurate. Expand your minds, people https://t.co/CoSThfwFtj
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/wI3Js5Hg83 If you missed Roger Stone on Tucker last night, it's worth watching
RT @PressSec: In 21 days President @realDonaldTrump is moving forward building the wall with or without the Democrats. The only outstanding…
RT @dbongino: Don’t bail on the POTUS. He’s all we’ve got. Get ready for the fight ahead, he needs you.
https://t.co/wI3Js5Hg83 If you missed Roger Stone on Tucker last night, it's worth watching
https://t.co/XdlSMwEuwb Brother Of Parkland Victim: “I Wish The FBI Raided My Sister’s Killers House Like They Did Roger Stone”
@OU_TURK and referred to it as a "she"
Is raising your child "Genderless", as Kate Hudson says she is, child abuse?
@MagaDrex And, like you said, that's why his numbers with Hispanics jumped 2 points, on an NPR poll. That's a huge win. His voters will be there in the end, even if some are upset now. winning over that many hispanics was huge
@MagaDrex right again. shot up 20 points DURING shutdown. . . and that was an NPR poll, as leftist as it gets
@MagaDrex If partying on exotic beaches, while crying that people are losing pay, wins "optics", than damn!
@MagaDrex Exactly right. And someone said to me before that Trump lost the "optics" of the shutdown. How so? He stayed in DC, offered deals, worked through Christmas, while the Dems partied in Puerto Rico and Hawaii.
Every time something happens that upsets people they say "Trump just lost 2020". I must have heard that 50 times already. Well they only win if you fold
Just remember that the one big advantage that the Dems have on us is that they stick together. I'm not going anywhere.
RT @RealMattCouch: Roger Stones wife is deaf... They felt the need to go into a full blown SWAT Arrest with FBI agents over a guy who isn't…
Exactly. now they want to charge Corsi because he couldn't remember the exact details of a 2 year old email https://t.co/pTpTUMzrVW
RT @trish_regan: Let’s be clear: TEMPORILY ending the #shutdown is a GOOD thing! “Commentators” who think @realDonaldTrump “lost” or #Pelos…
https://t.co/RbVLroroCW VIDEO: Bill Maher Slanders “Little Prick” Covington Kids; Jokes About Priests Raping Children
RT @1776Stonewall: @Isaiah45MAGA Listening to Lou Dobbs would keep us in a ridiculous shutdown forever and we'd be waiting for Nancy Pelosi…
@Isaiah45MAGA and Lou Dobbs mentioned those "fake polls" himself. He fell for them
@Isaiah45MAGA Listening to Lou Dobbs would keep us in a ridiculous shutdown forever and we'd be waiting for Nancy Pelosi to build us a wall
@orumov8888 Yes, he must call National Emergency in 3 weeks. By that time he will be able to say that he tried everything to work out a deal with Dems, and this was his last option. Another shutdown would be fruitless
@laura_thoman Keeping government shut forever would get us nowhere. That would be waiting on Pelosi to give us a wall, which she would NEVER do. They can't. Why would they willingly stop the endless flow of Dem voters? He brought the topic front and center, showed they are unwilling to work
@orumov8888 I agree, but he needed to move the topic front and center. He needed to show everyone that there is indeed reason to call National Emergency. a month ago the topic wasn't "hot" enough. now it is
I want to be respectful here, because I like Lou, but Lou is the one handing the Dems a "win" here, not Trump
RT @1776Stonewall: The optics worked. Trump stayed in DC and tried to work a deal, while the Dems partied in Hawaii and Puerto Rico. 93% of…
The optics worked. Trump stayed in DC and tried to work a deal, while the Dems partied in Hawaii and Puerto Rico. 93% of Americans believe illegal immigration is a problem. The issue is hot now, thanks to shutdown. Good for us! . And "polls", Lou? Come on now. you know better
I was hoping after a night's sleep you'd come to your senses. He's going to call 1 in 3 weeks. Let this play out. Keeping Gov shut any longer makes no sense. That would be waiting on Pelosi to give us a wall. NEVER happen. They've been exposed and the issue is front and center https://t.co/eJm4dQoo6p
RT @1776Stonewall: @KirbyYork5 I disagree. The "optics" were that Trump stayed in DC trying to negotiate, while Pelosi partied in Hawaii an…
@KirbyYork5 I disagree. The "optics" were that Trump stayed in DC trying to negotiate, while Pelosi partied in Hawaii and the other Dems partied in Puerto Rico. The shutdown brought the topic of illegal immigration front and center, which is bad for the Dems, as 93% agree it's a problem
Lou Dobbs clearly wasn't thinking rationally last night and I'm sure he's regretting letting the moment get the better of him. Keeping government shut any longer wouldn't get us anywhere. That would be waiting on Pelosi to give us a wall. shutdown exposed them, served its purpose
RT @threadreaderapp: @WandaHaynes Hello, you can read it here: Thread by @1776Stonewall: "I'll break this down in a thread: The shutdown se…
@threadreaderapp @WandaHaynes thank you, again
RT @1776Stonewall: So for all the people bitching today, they would have us keep the government shut forever and wait for Pelosi to give us…
So for all the people bitching today, they would have us keep the government shut forever and wait for Pelosi to give us a wall? Good luck with that. Trump needed to create a stage, which the shutdown accomplished, and will now move to National Emergency, just in time for caravan
RT @1776Stonewall: So in 3 weeks he'll call a national emergency. That will then be blocked by a liberal judge, most likely 9th circuit. So…
So in 3 weeks he'll call a national emergency. That will then be blocked by a liberal judge, most likely 9th circuit. So Trump is now working on a way to expedite it to the Supreme Court, which is where we want it, need it. Keeping the government shut keeps it in the Dems hands
RT @1776Stonewall: So he has moved the issue front and center, he's shown he was the one willing to negotiate, while the Dems partied in Pu…
RT @1776Stonewall: But keeping the government shut any longer makes no sense. Nothing is going to happen. That would keep it in Pelosi's ha…
So he has moved the issue front and center, he's shown he was the one willing to negotiate, while the Dems partied in Puerto Rico and Hawaii, while Trump stayed in DC. So he has set the stage for a national emergency
But keeping the government shut any longer makes no sense. Nothing is going to happen. That would keep it in Pelosi's hands, and the Dems can't willingly stop the flow of future Democrat voters. Trump can keep government closed for a year and nothing will happen
I'll break this down in a thread: The shutdown served its purpose, it put the issue of illegal immigration and the border wall front and center, which is where we want it. 93% of Americans, including 88% of Dems think illegal immigration is a problem. . .
There's a reason he's President and others aren't. Like Ann coulter, for instance, who couldn't even win one single county in America, never less 85% of them like Trump did https://t.co/T6NhtEPKfe
RT @1776Stonewall: @charliekirk11 And for that reason the shutdown served its purpose, and it brought the issue of the wall and illegal imm…
@charliekirk11 And for that reason the shutdown served its purpose, and it brought the issue of the wall and illegal immigration front and center, which is where WE want it and where the Dems don't. He's set the stage for a National Emergency. And he showed that he tried to work with the left
WATCH: Sarah Sanders UNLOADS, Asks If FBI Will Arrest Hillary Clinton, James Comey, James Clapper https://t.co/LqLVwC8Pru
Bill O’Reilly Releases Political Scorecard, The Border Wall Advantage Is Clear https://t.co/2eMd1PvAa2
Remember when the left and the media said that " 17 intelligence agencies agree that Russia hacked the DNC"? Well that was a lie, it was only 4, which means that it was simply 4 people at the head, . . Clapper, Brennan, etc.
And trust me, I know, none of this matters. Mueller is simply a very corrupt man who has been given the power to do whatever he wants with the FBI, and he's demonstrating how fucked up this country truly has become, especially after 8 years of Obama weaponizing our intel agencies
Jerome corsi is on Hannity and it's so disgusting what they're doing to a 72 year old man. He literally did nothing wrong. Everyone wanted to know what Wikileaks had. And Mueller still hasn't proven that WikiLeaks got their information from Russia, or that Russia hacked the DNC
@charliekirk11 @realDonaldTrump As I keep saying, he can keep the government shut for the remainder of his term, the Dems can't give him a wall, as it cuts their endless flow of voters. Keeping the Gov shut keeps the ball in Dems hands. He's exposed them during shutdown, now do National emergency or Exec order
RT @charliekirk11: Don’t waver in your support of @realDonaldTrump - he is fighting , ALONE , daily to protect our country and to fulfill t…
RT @1776Stonewall: The shutdown put this on a national stage, the issue is front and center. So the shutdown served its purpose. Keeping it…
The shutdown put this on a national stage, the issue is front and center. So the shutdown served its purpose. Keeping it shut any longer doesn't, as you are putting the wall in the Dems hands. Is that where you want it? The left has been exposed for its open border policies
RT @1776Stonewall: He needs to look for a way to expedite the case to the Supreme court. The Supreme Court is where this needs to go
He needs to look for a way to expedite the case to the Supreme court. The Supreme Court is where this needs to go
And many of you wouldn't be happy with any sort of a deal, anyway. His only leverage is DACA and you start bitching every time he mentions it. so even if he did work out a deal, many of you wouldn't like that either. There's just no pleasing everyone. After 3 weeks call emergency
Calling National Emergency or executive order are the only ways to go. i'm sorry, I know some of you are upset with today, but Trump can keep the government shut for the remainder of his term, the left simply can't allow a wall. That would cut off the endless flow of Dem voters
I agree with Bill https://t.co/N3iNV5E0Ty
@RealJamesWoods He'll have to call a national emergency, that'll be blocked by the 9th circuit, but will eventually make it's way to Supreme court. Keeping the government shut permanently gets us absolutely nowhere
RT @1776Stonewall: @RealJamesWoods He can keep the government shut for a year, the Dems won't budge on a wall. They can't. Why would they a…
@RealJamesWoods He can keep the government shut for a year, the Dems won't budge on a wall. They can't. Why would they agree to shutting off a flow of future Democrat voters? I've been saying this from the beginning
@bbdoll11 it's the same idiots every time. Armchair quarterbacks
Trump using this stage, with every news organization airing it, to tell the truth that many people NEVER hear. . . Look for the lying media to quickly try to erase this to their robot followers
@SprayberryKim @cvpayne @LouDobbs And Varney
RT @1776Stonewall: If you're watching Fox News, I'd suggest switching over to Fox Business with @cvpayne . Martha falling for leftist propa…
If you're watching Fox News, I'd suggest switching over to Fox Business with @cvpayne . Martha falling for leftist propaganda. Charles is WAY better (or OAN if you have it)
https://t.co/tMo0PB8dtN  WATCH: Defiant Roger Stone Flashes The Nixon Pose; REFUSES To Testify Against The President
@kathleentamu @BreitbartNews and his sister
So temporarily reopen the government, call Pelosi's bluff and deliver the State of the union from the House floor in front of a National stage, and then close it back down if no wall deal in the next 3 weeks https://t.co/AVi1HcOyIP
sorry, but every "MAGA" person knows EXACTLY what's going on
RT @1776Stonewall: Your "bio" simply says "MAGA" - you leftists aren't good at this covert thing. Give it up https://t.co/fwmHsKKL44
Your "bio" simply says "MAGA" - you leftists aren't good at this covert thing. Give it up https://t.co/fwmHsKKL44
And now you have Microsoft creating a "blacklist" of REAL news sources and have deemed fake news like Buzzfeed and CNN "trustworthy", so that people won't even see both sides, only the fake side will be front and center.
The sad thing about the Mueller witch hunt is that it would be impossible, if not for a significant percentage of the American people falling for it. If everyone were smart enough to see what was actually happening, this wouldn't be possible. . But That's where the media comes in
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews what did that raging alcoholic say?
@BreitbartNews what did that raging alcoholic say?
https://t.co/cwenHeboSF Border Patrol agrees with Trump, tells CBS, "This is the worst crisis we've ever seen"
According to Drudge a shutdown agreement has been reached and there will be an announcement soon
https://t.co/exnqCpikWt Video shows people in Mexico hurling stones at border control, after they arrest illegal crossers
They're claiming that Trump sent Stone to find what Wikileaks had. Why would that be necessary if Trump was working hand-in-hand with Russia/Putin? It literally makes no sense, but then again none of this ever has, it's completely backwards
https://t.co/fw4PwDAPgA NY Times writes glowing article about the Black supremacist group that attacked covington children. . . Remember that this group, the black Israelites, are openly Anti gay and Anti White, Anti American
Just like when CNN had a camera waiting in the elevator when Jeff Flake was approached by that George Soros paid activist, who worked for "Ultraviolet"
The FBI stormed Stone's home at 6 a.m. with 19 agents, scaring his wife just like with Manafort. And CNN had exclusive access. They were the only ones there to film it, at Stone's home at 6 a.m. . . Don't you see how the media and Mueller are working hand in hand? It's a joke
Luckily now both sides don't trust Robert Mueller, right? I mean Mueller called BS on the Buzzfeed story last week, and the left didn't believe him. so at least both sides know Mueller isn't to be trusted now
Shutdown not going the Dems way. . . Roger Stone arrested. Simple as that
https://t.co/qI4VLSfud2  President Trump Just Fired Back At Roger Stone Arrest With ONE Question
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews You're off to a bad start, Kate, as you've already referred to it as a "she". how dare you assume your da…
@BreitbartNews You're off to a bad start, Kate, as you've already referred to it as a "she". how dare you assume your daughter is a "she"! What kind of a heartless bastard are you? for now on, Kate refer to your child as an "it"
Twitter Users Hilariously Mock Jim Acosta After He Announces New Book https://t.co/ozJwoCDFqR
https://t.co/mzLvCZYSi5 Not only is Nathan Phillips a phony Vietnam Vet, but check this out, he has a violent criminal past and even escaped from prison
https://t.co/JuwrPk3BDH Watch this: Pelosi has to tell her audience when to clap, "That's an applauds line". . Not everyone can be as natural as Trump, I suppose
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/WrUJFD6qnM Check out the parody video to that Anti White male Gillette commercial. Pretty damn funny
https://t.co/WrUJFD6qnM Check out the parody video to that Anti White male Gillette commercial. Pretty damn funny
Remember yesterday I told you how Microsoft is "blacklisting" what they deemed "fake news", which included Breitbart, Drudge and Dail Mail? Well here's what they deem "Trustworthy": BUZZFEED, CNN, NY Times, NPR and Reuters. . . Are you getting the "hint"?
https://t.co/G0ocjEtZp3  Even the liberal media can't defend Ocasio-Cortez's BS
https://t.co/Rodykg5V1X  Nathan Phillips continues to behave like the unhinged leftist he is, demanding kids be punished for standing
WATCH: GOP Lawmaker DESTROYS ‘Fake News King’ CNN In Fiery Congressional Speech https://t.co/JZyQ3GkSEe
Video Emerges Of Beto O’Rourke Playing In A Band In A Skin-Tight Sheep Suit https://t.co/a30GXkwZGa
RT @1776Stonewall: Exhibit A, folks. He thinks Trump is the criminal, knows nothing about Obama putting spies in the Trump campaign or Hill…
Exhibit A, folks. He thinks Trump is the criminal, knows nothing about Obama putting spies in the Trump campaign or Hillary and the DNC paying foreign spies for Russian propaganda, nor does he question how people like Nancy Pelosi made two hundred million dollars https://t.co/pwBiCd7C6X
Especially since this younger generation thinks they're so smart. Good luck getting them to admit they've been wrong on everything
And then there's the defense mechanism, that it's very difficult to admit to yourself, much less to others, that you've been made a fool out of your entire life. It's much easier to just continue on as you were
RT @1776Stonewall: And it's going to be even tougher with the younger generation, having been completely indoctrinated in schools, then fur…
And it's going to be even tougher with the younger generation, having been completely indoctrinated in schools, then further brainwashed by TV and political correctness. One person explaining that everything they've ever been taught is a lie simply won't cut it
RT @1776Stonewall: Even worse, actually, because an alien would know nothing, whereas leftists have their heads filled with so much that is…
Even worse, actually, because an alien would know nothing, whereas leftists have their heads filled with so much that isn't true. So you're starting off from a negative, not zero
RT @1776Stonewall: They don't even know the media is liberal. They don't know Hollywood is liberal. They don't know universities are libera…
They don't even know the media is liberal. They don't know Hollywood is liberal. They don't know universities are liberal. They don't even know that Democrats are for higher taxes. Trying to get them up to speed it's like trying to explain Earth to an alien from another planet
RT @1776Stonewall: See the problem with these people is that they know nothing that we know. Everything that we spend day after day learnin…
See the problem with these people is that they know nothing that we know. Everything that we spend day after day learning and digging for the truth, they know none of it, so you're always starting from square one with them, having to explain even the basics of reality
RT @1776Stonewall: Then she says we need a president that will unite us. LOL. Completely oblivious that the media, which is the left, has d…
Then she says we need a president that will unite us. LOL. Completely oblivious that the media, which is the left, has done everything in their power to make sure that does not happen. Her own hatred for Trump is a result of the media.
Which, of course, is exactly the way the media portrayed it and the exact emotion that they wanted to convey
I have a liberal co-worker, and like all leftists the media controls her brain. She was talking about the Covington story and said she wanted to smack that smirk off the kids face. So the fact that adults were harassing children doesn't bother her, the smile on the kids face does
"Medicare For All" Supporters Have A VERY Different Opinion When Told Their Taxes Would Skyrocket https://t.co/TKLppHgYvc
WATCH: Liz Warren Doesn’t Know How Many Branches Of Government There Are. Kinda like how Obama didn't know how many states there were. https://t.co/tASDsUmzjm
https://t.co/qpd9uWKukc Tom Brokaw has some tough words for the Hose Democrats, goes after Ocasio-cortez
Buzzfeed is reportedly cutting 15% of its staff. . . Probably the 15% unwilling to write blatant lies
RT @1776Stonewall: Dems continue to flip on Pelosi.  https://t.co/3F9yCIHTZo
https://t.co/gpuzQL3sGD Washed up actor, Jim Carry, attacks Covington kids in his new trash art. All these celebrities should be sued for putting inciting violence against these children
our*
RT @1776Stonewall: This is all in an attempt to have even more control over the information people receive" As Mika Brzezinski once said "I…
This is all in an attempt to have even more control over the information people receive" As Mika Brzezinski once said "It's out job to tell you what to think". As you've all seen, I'm sure, leftists never think for themselves, they simple puppet what the media says, word for word
Microsoft says they are weeding out "fake news" and has created a "blacklist" of websites that media "Experts" have deemed not trustworthy. This includes Breitbart, Drudge Report and Daily Mail. This coming after a weekend of blatant, intentional, fake news by leftist media
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/NxWIPP581U Lawyer for the Covington students makes "hit list" of people he is going after for their disgust…
https://t.co/J6eHm9xnUq WATCH: Trump Responds To Pelosi Blocking SOTU Address:
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/UunYzFFHeg here's the audio. Fast forward to 30:30. And listen to Rush call him out on it right afterwards
https://t.co/UunYzFFHeg here's the audio. Fast forward to 30:30. And listen to Rush call him out on it right afterwards
Mark Levin Issues Direct CHALLENGE To Ocasio-Cortez https://t.co/OCGruNAkIF
And even if they had, which they didn't, who cares? Stop crying already over every little thing. Toughen up
The Left Claims That Covington Students Have Dressed In ‘Blackface’; That’s A Lie, And HERE’S PROOF https://t.co/bPhF5YQnTa
A lot of you are asking for the audio. The show is still on, and I'm at work, but I will post it a little later on
And this half-wit was responding to a tweet of mine talking about a phony leftist, disguised as a Fed Up Trump supporter, who called in The Rush Limbaugh Show. He just proved my point even further. These people are Beyond stupid
Nice attempt! One peek at your Page Reveals that you're a Trump hating leftist https://t.co/9JkNmNsbFR
@Kevglock138 @badlt335 These people are so beyond stupid. All you have to do is look at his page, he's a trump hating leftist. How dumb are they?
Dems continue to flip on Pelosi.  https://t.co/3F9yCIHTZo
Sheila Jackson Lee forced to step down from two posts after is reported that she seeked retaliation and fired a staffer who claims she was raped by an intern at the Congressional Black Caucus
Top House Dem BETRAYS Nancy, Says Trump Is Welcome To Give SOTU Address https://t.co/1PSiPXq56g
He asked rush to please tell Trump to stop lying on Twitter,  that it's Trump's fault for all the negative bickering. Obviously there isn't one Trump supporter that feels that way. Especially after all the fake news this weekend. These people are so stupid. He fooled no one.
Some obvious liberal just called Rush Limbaugh, pathetically trying to disguise himself as a fed Up Trump supporter. Rush called him out for reading the script off a piece of paper, which you can hear crackling in the background. It was a short sentence, yet he needed to read it
https://t.co/SD2znkvENI watch the great Mariano Rivera react with his family on becoming the first-ever unanimous inductee into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Well-deserved!
RT @1776Stonewall: and for the people who say it's not murder, don't forget that if you were to murder a pregnant woman, you would be charg…
and for the people who say it's not murder, don't forget that if you were to murder a pregnant woman, you would be charged with double homicide
Pretty disgusting that one World Trade Center lit up pink yesterday to celebrate New York's new abortion law. The last place you'd figure would be celebrating the murders of millions of Innocents
Democrats starting to budge a bit on Border negotiations, steny Hoyer now offering more money for border security. They have not, however, agreed to a wall yet, but it's a start
WATCH: Brett Baier Holds Back Tears When Describing Nearly Fatal Car Crash With His Family https://t.co/IEg9P0OQcw
U2 frontman, Bono, defends capitalism, says it has been better for people than any other system.
https://t.co/RJOj736W5d WATCH: Sarah Sanders HILARIOUSLY Trolls AOC For Saying The World Is ‘Going To End in 12 years’
https://t.co/J9pgGMlFUe This is hilarious. CNN Guest Melts Down Over MAGA Hats; ‘I’m Triggered. I Am So Triggered’. LOL. Get a life!
@clamsroll yep! supporting black slavery
APPLE says that "global warming" will increase the demand for Iphones. . What a sales pitch, huh? "Buy this phone. Your life depends on it"
https://t.co/q6BF5afxkI Glen Beck goes off on liberal media for horrendous covington "reporting"
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Disgraceful!  Should have lit it up red for the blood of innocent babies killed by Planned Barren-hood and its founder…
RT @1776Stonewall: Why? https://t.co/gNfcMBVr0s
oCRAZYo Cortez now part of the House oversight committee investigating Trump. . I personally believe that she should be named the lead investigator
Why? https://t.co/gNfcMBVr0s
RT @1776Stonewall: This man belongs in jail
This man belongs in jail
https://t.co/Bt7xZD6kAP Nathan Phillips continues to change his story, but demands that Nick Sandmann be expelled from school (for literally doing nothing)
https://t.co/Bj7FOLNN5W Disney producer sorry for saying he wanted to throw innocent children in a woodchipper
RT @1776Stonewall: Because of the fake news media these children can't go to school and have to fear for their lives. how is that not the e…
Because of the fake news media these children can't go to school and have to fear for their lives. how is that not the enemy at work?
https://t.co/OdWvqlDaKP Native American Activist at Covington: ‘Borders Are White Supremacist Tools of Oppression,’ Americans Are ‘Invaders’ . . This is all because of a fake news story. you see how the media is the enemy of the American people?
RT @Drumboy44DWS: Taliban meeting doesn’t go so well https://t.co/1ObcJIiJTm
https://t.co/L3Tf9w33n7 Trump Defies Pelosi; Charges Ahead With SOTU With Awesome Contingency Plan
Imagine if Clint were a liberal, the trophy chest this man would have? but who cares, he's considered by millions as the greatest living actor AND director. The man's a true legend, has made some of the greatest American films in history
https://t.co/YAUgIfQpNE Washington Post forced to issue another correction to even more fake news. . Nathan Phillips NEVER served in Vietnam. What a weekend for the liberal main stream media
I would love to send the National Guard or something to this school to defend against the radical leftists that are threatening it
It's amazing that Covington high school is closed because of "safety concerns". what that really means is "crazy unhinged leftist concerns". These people are so disgusting.
https://t.co/NxWIPP581U Lawyer for the Covington students makes "hit list" of people he is going after for their disgusting treatment of these innocent children
RT @RandyRRQuaid: An Unconstitutional Hoax! https://t.co/gmwHfnuD2F
https://t.co/CJSBjW1lkw VIDEO: NBC Baits Covington Teen To Say He’s Sorry, Watch Him Refuse With PURE CLASS
https://t.co/xpNgaEloTl Liberal Hollywood Snubs Clint Eastwood Despite Hit Movie That Made Over $100 Million
Surgery went well. Staying over night. Picking up in morning
RT @1776Stonewall: Little Cherokee (Cherri) is not happy with me. She's on her way to be fixed right now. . Looks like one of Obama's "kids…
https://t.co/dSg3QUwWWS Rush Limbaugh Reveals EXACTLY Why The Media Pushed The Fake Covington Story
@FactsNotEmo no doubt
@slh2813 @PastorDScott So many great conservative African Americans (including Martin Luther King, by the way) - MLK niece, Alveda King, David Webb, Larry Elder, Ben Carson, Jim Brown, Sheriff Clarke, Condolezza Rice, Harris Faulkner. Just to name a few
RT @1776Stonewall: @_RAZQR_ They vote less often, yes, but let's not forget that the Democrats have passed laws to where convicted convicts…
@_RAZQR_ They vote less often, yes, but let's not forget that the Democrats have passed laws to where convicted convicts now have the right to vote, because criminals vote Democrat over 90% of the time. This is how they've turned Virginia blue and swept the state house
@coopie1990mil Exactly. And most, if not all, of the inner cities have been voting Democrat for 50-100 years, and it has NEVER improved. It's time to try something else. The Democrats need blacks to be dependent on them and collect their government handouts, in return for votes.
RT @mitchellvii: Who are your favorite follows on Twitter?  Please drop them here so others can follow as well.
@coopie1990mil you're a perfect example then. It's the left that refuses to fix the inner cities and attacks anyone who tries. We've been trying to fix inner city schools forever, but are labeled racists even for saying there's a problem. Black single mothers, that's fine with them too
Blacks votes Democrat like 90% of the time, right? And we all know the terrible black on black crime statistics, right?.. I'd be very curious to find the crime statistics among black conservatives. I guarantee you that black conservatives don't murder each other in record numbers
This is the left https://t.co/hUSjjSkGZU
RT @MarkDice: FLASHBACK: Liberals celebrated these kids harassing and assaulting a senior citizen Kavanaugh supporter in D.C. https://t.co/…
RT @1776Stonewall: @cparham65 @Sergios07287188 They both have bird brains, too
At Liberty University
@JerryFalwellJr You should look into giving scholarships to the good students at Covington High School, who have been singled out and attacked for their religion and political affiliations
@cparham65 @Sergios07287188 They both have bird brains, too
https://t.co/sWmc5FBxab Covington Catholic diocese sticks to its calumny against its kids, even after video evidence proves them innocent of any wrongdoing
RT @ObamaMalik: Does @BarackObama, a descendent of slave sellers on his father’s side and of slave owners on his mother’s side, owe #repara…
https://t.co/cahOwXWpTk  BUSTED! Nancy Pelosi’s ‘Fly’ Scandal Gets Exposed
Hang in there, Charlie! https://t.co/xISI2cXcYf
Centrist Dems urge Pelosi to break shutdown stalemate, support Trump's wall. https://t.co/hRDRkMrmtf via @politico
WHOA: Hollywood Actress, Patricia Heaton Destroys The Media For Attacking Covington Students https://t.co/gHKt3mej1Y
AMAZING: GOP Lawmaker Reveals ‘Pelosi Rule’ That Would Give Trump MAJOR Leverage In Shutdown Talks https://t.co/N04qhaPYm9
@BreitbartNews Typical liberal projection. Amazing that after the Brenda Snipes scandal they can even say this with a straight face. And let's talk about those nearly 20 House Seats in California that the Republican was leading after election day, and all ended up losing in the following days
Notre Dame to cover up Christopher Columbus murals so that students don't feel frightened about the evil White Christian man https://t.co/sKwYEcLrIM via @NBCNews
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump I think you should invite the good students of Covington High School to the White House. They are the p…
@BillOReilly It's at the point that if you get charged with a crime or thrown in prison, that it probably means you're innocent of any crime.  . And just the opposite if you are never charged for a crime in Washington
@realDonaldTrump I think you should invite the good students of Covington High School to the White House. They are the perfect example of how to behave in the face of aggression and harassment, and have become the victim of a vile leftist fake news that is now targeting them
RT @1776Stonewall: As Rush Limbaugh just said, if it were Obama who were president, or Hillary, Nathan Phillips, the Native who approached…
As Rush Limbaugh just said, if it were Obama who were president, or Hillary, Nathan Phillips, the Native who approached the children, along with the black Israelites who instigated the situation and harassed the kids, would be hailed as the heroes and invited to the White House
President  Trump Responds To The Covington fake news story with a perfect statement. https://t.co/FTDmOI5zSY
this was so predictable, we said it. Companies pay what they are capable of paying. But this is what the Dems do. They are the party of children, we are the party of adults that have to explain the reality of everything. I just can't believe that any adult actually votes Democrat
Democrats destroy everything they touch. A friend of mine lost his job because the business couldn't afford $15 minimum wage, and now the restaurant business is struggling because of that. Applebee's, for instance, is doing away with hosts to try and make up for some of the cost
@claudiascompan1 Thank you for that
@414Proud So cute
The Supreme Court allows the ban on transgenders to serve in the military to be upheld
Little Cherokee (Cherri) is not happy with me. She's on her way to be fixed right now. . Looks like one of Obama's "kids in cages" photo's, i know. https://t.co/0dmNjJ1BbP
https://t.co/JxgsroU6je Mark Meadows Finds Major Border Wall Solution For Trump, Leaves Dems In SHAMBLES
@LynnyontheFly they love that word. It's "filler", when they don't really know what they're talking about
Send prayers to Brett Baier and his family, the car they were traveling in flipped on the Icy roads and they've all been hospitalized. Doesn't seem to be too serious though, just banged up
https://t.co/wthaCkrZlM If you haven't seen the Ocasio-Cortes predicting the "end of the world in 12 years" video yet, watch it. . . the sad part is that, as bat shit crazy as it is, this actually gives her 12 years to make 100's of millions of dollars, just like Al Gore
https://t.co/lTq1wbV9tP CNN admits the Covington kids did nothing wrong. . . but their hats are still racist
Ironically Al gore made this same prediction. . . . 13 years ago https://t.co/CANcz3yJHX
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/NXgloBmXIr After Dems Refuse Shutdown Deal, Trump Blindsides Congress With New Rule. LOL. He's a master
@larryelder @Kennethjpl76 And she was right. So was Bernie Sanders when he said it was obvious that illegals would lower pay wages
https://t.co/nmUJatSxSS Liberal Hollywood producer fantasizes about throwing Pro-Trump kids in woodchipper (for literally doing nothing)
https://t.co/YmxtadppC8 President Trump And Melania Post Heartwarming Tweets On 2nd Anniversary Of Inauguration Day
kinda like when Madonna offered to blow anyone who voted against Trump. This is the left, folks https://t.co/VBl1VCQS8b
And yet another one who didn't get the memo that it was fake news, and that the media has already "corrected" their fake news story. . But, as the great Mark Twain once said, "A lie can travel half way around the world, while the truth is putting on its shoes" https://t.co/SQzITNfwx0
RT @1776Stonewall: @BillOReilly She put out that phony edited video of Kavanaugh, too, depicting him as anti Woman. And let's be honest, sh…
@BillOReilly She put out that phony edited video of Kavanaugh, too, depicting him as anti Woman. And let's be honest, she hijacked MLK day to use as a platform to announce her bid for the presidency. Very disrespectful to King, especially considering it was the Democrat party who fought him
@charliekirk11 https://t.co/zXixL3Xb0R Yep! These are a bunch of adult black men harassing and intimidating a bunch of peaceful high school kids. Just imagine if this was a bunch of white men doing this to high school black kids
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews Guess he didn't get the memo. It was fake news, John. your lying media had to retract the story "that the…
@BreitbartNews Guess he didn't get the memo. It was fake news, John. your lying media had to retract the story "that they knew was phony from the beginning, as they were the ones who edited the video that I'm sure you saw) . Way to take the sides of a bunch of adults harassing children
@LiamMcGuigan6 And that's Hillary's "Mentor". she's on video saying that for 5 minutes. and Bill clinton spoke at his funeral and openly defended his KKK past
RT @1776Stonewall: There was no "Switch' in late 60's. Of the 21 Democrat Senators who opposed the 1964 Civil Rights act, only 1 switched p…
And Like I always say, if there was a "switch" in the late 60's, then why do the Democrats still revere FDR, who came 3 decades before? Why do they still revere JFK? And why are presidents like Calvin Coolidge still revered by the Republicans? no switch, just revisionist history
There was no "Switch' in late 60's. Of the 21 Democrat Senators who opposed the 1964 Civil Rights act, only 1 switched parties. the southern Dem states remained Dem long after - Bill Clinton won Georgia, Louisiana, Kentucky, West Virginia, Tennessee, and of course Arkansas
https://t.co/xFqC5fCnUh Alyssa Milano says MAGA hats are the  new KKK hoods. obviously doesn't know history, as the KKK has always been part of Democrat party. featured prominently at 1924 Democrat convention, FDR's 1st supreme court pick was a klansman, even Hillary's 'mentor'
congrats, Dewey. you gained 100 followers in 5 minutes
@Belingheri it's now about 100 in 5 minutes
@MagaDrex A Conservative cancer survivor. Good follow! He's gained like 70 followers in 5 minutes
you've now gained 40 followers in 2 minutes. . and counting (started at 95)
See? That took all of 30 seconds
I have a feeling you'll have over 100 very shortly. . . let's see https://t.co/Q4YOyyMZLQ
https://t.co/NXgloBmXIr After Dems Refuse Shutdown Deal, Trump Blindsides Congress With New Rule. LOL. He's a master
https://t.co/NQ0LZ8itAZ Conservative Writer Reveals The Most IMPORTANT Difference Between The Women’s March &amp; March For Life
RT @1776Stonewall: If you are a decent person who votes Democrat or are in the middle, please take a look at recent events. It's ok if you…
If you are a decent person who votes Democrat or are in the middle, please take a look at recent events. It's ok if you don't like Trump, that's fine, but please understand what has become of the media and the Democrat party (they're one of the same). From here on, just be aware
https://t.co/m0fgRQgX1c Twitter allows verified leftist accounts to say that the Covington High School should be burned to the ground with the kids still inside. . And the kids did absolutely nothing wrong. quite the opposite, in fact, they did everything right
Joe Rogan responding to Nancy Pelosi's insane net worth, nearly 200 million dollars, on a government salary. where did she get her money, folks? https://t.co/pbZxZMOF37
pass this video around. I love this dude https://t.co/CbRkhiwsjD
Nick Sandmann, we're with you. you're a good kid. You handled yourself with class and maturity. You did everything right. Your parents raised you right. We're all very proud of you
https://t.co/IFHVjG73OY Watch: border control completely debunks the entire 'manufactured crisis' lie
Funny that even the uber leftist Washington Post is admitting that those "black israelites" that were harassing the kids at the catholic school are a bunch of haters who hate white people, Catholic people and also openly hate gays. . So that's who all you leftists were defending
Dems Deny That There’s A Border Crisis But Border Patrol Says Otherwise https://t.co/IFHVjG73OY
Gladys Knight To Sing Super Bowl National Anthem, And She Just Blasted Colin Kaepernick https://t.co/7GgoqsK1on
https://t.co/Ll4VqMixT3 Ocasio-cortez humiliates herself on Twitter, trying to diss Tomi Lahren. Once again proves she's not from the Bronx, butchers local music history fact
They truly believe in the theory that if you repeat a lie enough times, that it becomes the truth. and the sad thing is, it works with their base. Their base continues to believe the story, long after it's been proven false.
It's quite something to watch that after a story is proven to be fake (as with the Covington HS) that the left doesn't stop advancing it. Quite the opposite, in fact, they double down on it and advance it even further
@MrBrightsides1 @BreitbartNews @GOP Ahh! Yes, of course. That was a magical day
@MarkBadgett7 @BreitbartNews thank you. Not bad for 195, huh?
https://t.co/SkIYdC9LT5 Maxine waters loses it, demands that Trump be impeached over Buzzfeed story, which Bob Mueller himself calls inaccurate
@BreitbartNews Wrong party!
RT @gehrig38: Actually we’ve know each other 12 years #idiot https://t.co/dbxuW90Dfc
https://t.co/RjlnVaZcJk Following the blatantly fake "Covington Catholic H.S", "Native American" story, the Dems now call to ban all teens from wearing MAGA hats. . This is your party, Dems!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record, especially when under pressure and when it m…
I love this dude. just listen to this. If only more athletes and celebrities were this honest. He does a show on breitbart news radio, too
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/su4PXLEx2k here was the great Curt Schilling on @marklevinshow tonight. Great show! This man has blocked fr…
ESPN fired this man simply for speaking the truth about the whole "bathroom" situation (men in girls bathroom)
https://t.co/su4PXLEx2k here was the great Curt Schilling on @marklevinshow tonight. Great show! This man has blocked from the Hall of fame because of his conservative, Pro Trump views. In an era of cheaters, he never disrespected the game
https://t.co/Be5ZXI1zYo US airstrike kills 52 Islamic militants in Somalia
RT @1776Stonewall: And guess who helped pass this phony Native American story? Yep! Ole Sitting Bullshitter herself, Chief of the Slapahoe…
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/FtR0sbSkSD "Beta" O'Rourke gets caught in the "White male privilege" crossfire. . . I guess the "Hispanic"…
RT @1776Stonewall: @E_in_Bama I love all the liberals enraged over this tweet. . . they haven't been told yet that it's fake news. The medi…
@E_in_Bama I love all the liberals enraged over this tweet. . . they haven't been told yet that it's fake news. The media has already "corrected" the story. They showed you an edited video, you morons
@E_in_Bama That's great! Well done
RT @E_in_Bama: @1776Stonewall Patriots beat Chiefs https://t.co/QdN0E0JQld
@BobCole12620090 race you to the end?
That was a beautiful winning touchdown drive by Vladimir Putin to lead the Pats to the Super bowl
Trump is trolling the left hard with this tweet https://t.co/O0IOj0QnPD
https://t.co/pp64xzIFYk WATCH: Liberals Cheer Wildly When Linda Sarsour Promotes Major Anti-Semitic Movement
@TennTCB And he did this in 2015 as well, same thing basically. Also he's an actor that was in a video that promoted violence against a police officer
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/Hh1BdToDMk What a terrible weekend for the lying media. first the Buzzfeed phony story that Mueller himself…
And Belichick and Kraft are Trump guys, too
RT @1776Stonewall: i'd love to see him with his MAGA hat, hoisting the Lombardi trophy
i'd love to see him with his MAGA hat, hoisting the Lombardi trophy
9th super Bowl for Brady!!! I stopped watching NFL 2 years ago after the Anti-american kneeling, but I root for Brady because I know how much the left hates him, like that raving liberal Max Kellerman. I can already hear the sobbing from the leftist haters
https://t.co/Hh1BdToDMk What a terrible weekend for the lying media. first the Buzzfeed phony story that Mueller himself debunked, and now the NY Times and other fake news outlets issue correction on "Native American" story! When will you liberals learn?
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/7gj1oCkodb WHOA! Jake Tapper is going to be in trouble after this. He actually spoke the truth, called out…
And I remember him getting frustrated with oCRAZYo Cortez not answering his question to how she was planning on paying for her 20 trillion dollar program
A couple people said that Tapper also told the truth about the Catholic school students and the Native American man who harassed them. He supposedly showed the full, unedited, video, unlike the rest of the lying media who advanced the fake story
Every so often Tapper snaps out of it and actually tells the truth. I have a feeling that if he weren't ordered to go along with the constant "Hate Trump" narrative, that he would be halfway decent. Maybe one day he'll leave CNN and speak out against how horrible they are
https://t.co/7gj1oCkodb WHOA! Jake Tapper is going to be in trouble after this. He actually spoke the truth, called out Kirsten Gillibrand on her hypocrisy, calling Trump's immigration policies "racist", when she held the same views not so long ago. Watch this back and forth
RT @charliekirk11: If politicians wanted to keep black people poor, they should send them to Baltimore public schools 		A report released i…
@bendynaa Ran out of characters, unfortunately
And guess who helped pass this phony Native American story? Yep! Ole Sitting Bullshitter herself, Chief of the Slapahoe tribe, Elizabeth "Wampum" Warren" -  check out what that fraud had to say https://t.co/i0xK7cuBpP
So it's important to give people the actual facts of the situations, because there is a constant barrage of fake news stories every day, and if we just allow them to be unchallenged then they get away with it. Keep up the good work, everyone
Good job to all of you who do the "Trump trains". It's important that we all share information with each other. There's so much to cover, we can't do it alone. There's so much fake news on a daily basis (like the Buzzfeed and the "Native American" stories just yesterday alone)
RT @1776Stonewall: Tied for lead, makes birdie
Tied for lead, makes birdie
RT @1776Stonewall: Phil has a chance to retake lead here. 16th hole. . Eagle putt approaching
Phil has a chance to retake lead here. 16th hole. . Eagle putt approaching
"Nathan Phillips, the Native American radical activist who confronted MAGA hat-wearing Catholic teens at the March For Life, starred in a 2012 Skrillex video called “Make It Bun Dem,” in which Phillips does some spiritual warfare connected to a violent attack on a police officer" https://t.co/8rtBvg38vx
https://t.co/COMUPS2Jrh The left is trying to ruin the lives, and have doxxed, students, simply for wearing MAGA hats, with their blatantly fake reporting of a Native American who has a history of doing this. The students were just standing there and they were harassed
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/UbCChFUvxn This is not the first time that Phillips (The elder Native) has done this. He also harassed a bu…
https://t.co/UbCChFUvxn This is not the first time that Phillips (The elder Native) has done this. He also harassed a bunch of white students in 2015 and then ran to the media, crying that he was harassed
RT @1776Stonewall: They now have the elder Native man on TV crying, talking about how HE was taunted. It's just unreal how the left uses pe…
They now have the elder Native man on TV crying, talking about how HE was taunted. It's just unreal how the left uses people. It's all on video, as you can see here. HE approached the students and the crowd he was with were taunting the students with the MAGA hats on. All fake
RT @1776Stonewall: It's just one fake news story after another. I can understand how the useful idiots fall for some of the blatant fake ne…
It's just one fake news story after another. I can understand how the useful idiots fall for some of the blatant fake news stories, but how do you fall for every single one of them?
RT @1776Stonewall: The "Native American" story that trended yesterday that morons like Bill Kristol and Megan McCain condemned was fake new…
The "Native American" story that trended yesterday that morons like Bill Kristol and Megan McCain condemned was fake news. The students in MAGA hats did nothing wrong. The Native man approached them, not the other way around as reported, and they danced to his drum respectively https://t.co/dywnCXClr9
RT @ChuckCallesto: DISGUSTING... Reporters caught TEXTING on phones during National Anthem in Oval Office...		https://t.co/2IwF7gjcNw
@BreitbartNews I'm surprised she didn't through a "fuck" or a "shit" in there? I guess she only does that in front of millennial audiences?
@CMorrissey75 Yeah he drained himself to make 125. And Cejudo says he'll fight him at 135 for his Bantamweight  belt, so that'll be interesting
@MITCHOS64 That's true, Trump is a sport in himself, the way he crushes liberals. Similar to MMA, actually
@ThatsMy55 Yeah, especially since TJ has a history of recovering quick, like he did in the first Garbrandt fight
@turnin2 lol. One of those breakup's huh?
@CMorrissey75 Yeah he did, but I still say it was an early stoppage. He was badly hurt in the first Garbrandt fight too and came back. I would've given him a chance. But either way, Cejudo is very impressive, back to back wins over Mighty Mouse and TJ? amazing
@Spec_tacular_W Growing up that's all I ever did was watch old sports and read books on sport legends. Golf has such great history
@turnin2 You might not want to, I'm a Yankee fan! Do you hate me now?
@ThatsMy55 Cowboy looked great, but I'm still pissed about that TJ stoppage
Horse racing and Nascar, too
RT @1776Stonewall: I don't tweet about sports too often, but I am an avid sports fan. Any combat sport is actually my passion - MMA, boxing…
I don't tweet about sports too often, but I am an avid sports fan. Any combat sport is actually my passion - MMA, boxing, kickboxing, bare knuckle boxing, and Jiu Jitsu. I NEVER miss a fight. I also love Golf, Tennis, Baseball. I used to watch NFL and NBA, but can't do it anymore
@krobinson_3232 haha. It's not the US open, thank God
44 wins would move him 1 win away from Walter Hagen for 8th all time
My man Phil Mickelson is leading in Desert Classic. Win #44, possibly? 	48 years old
https://t.co/BZrdoVuqqu Ocasio-Cortez Refuses To Denounce Anti-Semitism Of Women’s March
RT @1776Stonewall: @MsAvaArmstrong Ava, I have been asked for "proof" or "links" hundreds of times, and in the beginning I'd provide them.…
@MsAvaArmstrong Ava, I have been asked for "proof" or "links" hundreds of times, and in the beginning I'd provide them. Never once, even if it was literally video evidence of their own party saying exactly what I claimed they said, did they accept they were wrong. They're too far gone to fix
@charliekirk11 An you'll be called a racist for pointing this out. That's what the left does anytime anyone tries to help the black community. They are very protective of their plantation. The last thing they want is for anyone to come in fix the problem to where they're no longer dependent
RT @1776Stonewall: So she used to be proud of the country her party says was "built on white supremacy"? She must have applauded all those…
So she used to be proud of the country her party says was "built on white supremacy"? She must have applauded all those times Obama told the world how horrible we were. That must have really brought out her patriotic fervor
RT @1776Stonewall: A liberal with respect for America? Even Gallup showed just 23% of libs were proud to be Americans. I'm wondering what y…
A liberal with respect for America? Even Gallup showed just 23% of libs were proud to be Americans. I'm wondering what you would be proud of, exactly? Are you proud that illegals have killed 4,000 Americans in the last 2 years? Or assaulted 100,000? or is it the 30,000 sex crimes https://t.co/24MdWTX5ME
RT @1776Stonewall: @realDonaldTrump Fake news, Trump! It's actually up 20 points, to 51%. . . And this was an NPR poll, so the left can't p…
@realDonaldTrump Fake news, Trump! It's actually up 20 points, to 51%. . . And this was an NPR poll, so the left can't pretend they don't trust it. Also this was all DURING the shutdown, over Border Wall funding. You're winning this big time
Don't forget that the Democrats spent $100,000,000 trying to turn this white man into a Latino. So it was kinda a "race change", instead of a sex change.
https://t.co/FtR0sbSkSD "Beta" O'Rourke gets caught in the "White male privilege" crossfire. . . I guess the "Hispanic" act didn't fool anyone?
RT @1776Stonewall: When you're being fed conspiracy morsels on a daily basis, from every angle, and shut everything else off, it adds up an…
When you're being fed conspiracy morsels on a daily basis, from every angle, and shut everything else off, it adds up and seems real. That's what good conspiracies do, you take a bunch of small things having nothing to do with one another, and you mount it onto 1 big pile of shit
RT @1776Stonewall: There are "Trump Towers" in Panama City, Toronto, Istanbul, Manila, and he has businesses all over the world. You can do…
There are "Trump Towers" in Panama City, Toronto, Istanbul, Manila, and he has businesses all over the world. You can do this with any of them if you wanted to create a conspiracy. Trust me, if they wanted to say he colluded with Azerbaijan or Djibouti, you could do that too
RT @1776Stonewall: You could literally do this with any country. Trump was working on a golf course in Scotland in 2016, too, and even sent…
You could literally do this with any country. Trump was working on a golf course in Scotland in 2016, too, and even sent his son, Eric there. OH NO!! That must mean he colluded with Scotland. It's that easy, folks. This was literally Trump's job, and he did it all over the world
Once again, after Trump puts left in a spot yesterday, and Pelosi fled country, the media is back to "Trump Tower Moscow" diversion. You can connect an international businessman to any county. If you wanted to say he colluded with China, you could show business dealings with them
@mitchellvii Taking a trip to Hawaii and then fleeing the country for a week while the President is trying to work with you, doesn't warrant a win, sorry
@mannypacquiao Extremely impressive, Manny! Well done destroying that clown
https://t.co/x9b3VCgHx1 The left now trying to put Karen Pence in harms way? These people are truly sick
@thomasmassaro @waggles111 Well said, Thomas
RT @thomasmassaro: @1776Stonewall @waggles111 I’m exhausted of the witch-hunt. Look, before the election I get it. Maybe Trump is just a lo…
@wildeyezextreme They believe in the theory that if you repeat a lie enough times, that it eventually  becomes the truth
Alan's "bio" says he's a "constant fighter for the truth". . . could you imagine anything more distorted?
@MagaDrex @waggles111 And it's funny how his "bio" says he's a "constant fighter for the truth". you just can't make this stuff up, Drex
@wildeyezextreme it's beyond pathetic
RT @1776Stonewall: @waggles111 Great comeback! You're done here. Go collect your government handouts
@waggles111 Great comeback! You're done here. Go collect your government handouts
@kyudonv @waggles111 And all the sudden, Cohen is a truth teller? After we were told he was a liar for 2 years? These people are just unreal
And it's amazing how you believe every word that Mueller says, except this. This is wrong on? Amazing! . . Just like Bob Woodward. You people believe every word he says. yet when he said he searched "hard"  for 2 years for Trump collusion and found none, you ignored he said it
RT @1776Stonewall: The best you can hope for is that Trump did once, what Dems do every day. Instructing someone to lie? That's what you ha…
The best you can hope for is that Trump did once, what Dems do every day. Instructing someone to lie? That's what you had all the Kavanaugh accusers do. That's what Manafort says Mueller threatened him to do. That's what Lisa Page and Bruce Ohr admits the FBI did to FISA court https://t.co/VBd0hOPLDb
RT @1776Stonewall: "MORE" great work from Buzzfeed"? I agree, they have been amazing for us Trump supporters. They're so fake that even Rob…
"MORE" great work from Buzzfeed"? I agree, they have been amazing for us Trump supporters. They're so fake that even Robert Mueller couldn't allow it. CNN admitted "Today was a bad day for us", after their flop. Yes, please, keep it coming https://t.co/LBhW9dpuvJ
https://t.co/jUbDCQ9LQ9 How Bad Is It For BuzzFeed? Even SNL Is Mocking Them. Watch
RT @1776Stonewall: @bennoba @zalphaprime @The_Taxdude @TertiusIII That's all they have is to send links of liberal propaganda sites. They c…
@bennoba @zalphaprime @The_Taxdude @TertiusIII That's all they have is to send links of liberal propaganda sites. They can't think for themselves. Even a Harvard/Princeton study showed the media is over 90% negative in their coverage of Trump and the media research center found the same thing, as did another recent news study
RT @1776Stonewall: He's already resorted to sending liberal propaganda "fact checking" links, like "politifact". I can smell a Snopes link…
He's already resorted to sending liberal propaganda "fact checking" links, like "politifact". I can smell a Snopes link coming. They're simply incapable of thinking for themselves. As Mika Brzezinski said "It's our job to tell you how to think". They don't have functioning brains https://t.co/t26M5T7v7F
@charliekirk11 Hey, he got a free lap dance out of it. Way to go
RT @1776Stonewall: in the past 2 years alone illegal aliens have been responsible for 235,000 violations of the law. That includes 100,000…
in the past 2 years alone illegal aliens have been responsible for 235,000 violations of the law. That includes 100,000 violent assaults, 30,000 sex crimes and 4,000 homicides. Yet this useful Idiot says the wall (which he thinks is racist) will be responsible for deaths. https://t.co/iL7UuxrjT9
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/maBoNHD0wr  Laura Loomer rushes the stage at "Women's March" and calls them out for their Anti-Semitic view…
RT @MsAvaArmstrong: Your President for the next 6 years is:	- a fighter	- a survivor	- will outwit you	- will outlast you	- will outsmart y…
https://t.co/NL7uESZ1fJ Look how many times the media used the word "impeach" after the Buzzfeed "Bombshell", before the story bombed out. . .
@kagness1011 Beautiful
RT @1776Stonewall: Hey Charles, whenever you're in the mood to get your ass handed to you again, you just let me know, ok pal? I'm here for…
Hey Charles, whenever you're in the mood to get your ass handed to you again, you just let me know, ok pal? I'm here for you
@CaroleTheMiller Even video evidence means nothing to them. We're dealing with robots
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/oLGMWZBhlY Here you go, Charley. Here's the person you voted for saying that she voted "numerous times" for…
https://t.co/oLGMWZBhlY Here you go, Charley. Here's the person you voted for saying that she voted "numerous times" for a barrier on the Southern Border to "try and prevent illegal immigrants from coming in". . It's on video, Charles. Now it's immoral? A "manufactured crisis"?
RT @1776Stonewall: And here's your "manufactured crisis", Charley. Face it, you're a sheep. You don't have a functioning brain, Charles. Yo…
And here's your "manufactured crisis", Charley. Face it, you're a sheep. You don't have a functioning brain, Charles. You've allowed yourself to become a puppet, a useful idiot. The left depends on you to buy their bullshit. They'd be out of jobs if you people ever grew brains https://t.co/2TwIw1XB6u
Hillary is on video saying she voted for border barriers "multiple times". Care to see it, Charley? Schumer said illegals shouldn't be treated as Americans. Bernie said illegals will lower pay wages for Americans. Obama spoke out against illegals for 8 years. Care to see videos?
RT @1776Stonewall: You're literally pushing Democrat talking points. "Holding American's hostage" is the exact quote the media is pushing.…
You're literally pushing Democrat talking points. "Holding American's hostage" is the exact quote the media is pushing. Can't you ever think for yourselves? Your party voted for a border wall and there's dozens of videos of them saying what Trump is saying. Time to grow a brain https://t.co/jad7s1YH8s
https://t.co/maBoNHD0wr  Laura Loomer rushes the stage at "Women's March" and calls them out for their Anti-Semitic views. Watch
RT @1776Stonewall: @mitchellvii She has no idea of the brilliant chess move that Trump just did. He knew the left wouldn't accept the deal,…
Yet Socialists like oCRAZYo Cortez want to end all oil production by 2030. Literally throwing trillions of dollars out the window https://t.co/z2Ob6ho8wR
RT @1776Stonewall: @mitchellvii This was to set the stage for either calling a national emergency or an executive order. This was to show t…
@mitchellvii This was to set the stage for either calling a national emergency or an executive order. This was to show that he tried everything to work with the left, and had no choice but to go another route. Anyone with half a brain can see this. It's really not that hard to figure out
@mitchellvii She has no idea of the brilliant chess move that Trump just did. He knew the left wouldn't accept the deal, and sure enough they have already declined it. This was simply to prove that they are the ones not willing to negotiate. It's so obvious
https://t.co/RnPlBkKCAj President Trump had a ball with the phony Buzzfeed story last night
https://t.co/mL41VsfJgG Want to see the Democrats response to Trump's brilliant chess move? Here it is. . .
@RepMarkMeadows They simply can't allow a wall to be built because their entire future depends on illegal Democrat voters crossing the border. No deal would be worth compromising that
@Marsh_JedCooper @TamaraDowhower Exactly. Like Pelosi's salary is like $200,000, yet she now has a net worth of nearly $200,000,000. Clinton's made 50 million dollars in 2017, and neither of them had a job. . Trump has actually lost over a billion dollars since becoming president. He's the only one not profiting
RT @1776Stonewall: In truth, you've heard dozens of good arguments, but none were what you wanted to hear. It's a mental block on your part…
shame we have to talk to them like 5 year old's, isn't it? It's mind boggling that these are adults. Having to explain that walls make it more difficult to get from point "A" to point "B", then simply having a completely open area? I can't believe that I have to explain this
In truth, you've heard dozens of good arguments, but none were what you wanted to hear. It's a mental block on your part. Try crossing your street right now. Easy right? now imagine there was a gigantic wall there. Would that make it easier or more difficult to cross the street?
RT @1776Stonewall: Seriously? Walls work everywhere. 4600 people were crossing the Hungarian border daily. After the wall that number was r…
Seriously? Walls work everywhere. 4600 people were crossing the Hungarian border daily. After the wall that number was reduced to 15. Israeli border wall eliminated crossings 100%. Even here, like in Yuma, crossings reduced 95%, since we extended border wall from 5 miles to 60 https://t.co/NCAWSxir06
https://t.co/6N7bh0piYk see, even the uber liberal Huffington post admitted it. Yet when Trump said that rapists are coming across the border, they called him a racist
@Zapp_Cam there you go. Even the liberal Huffington Post admits it. Yet when Trump said that rapists are coming across the border, they called him a racist for saying it
@krobinson_3232 Of course she did
RT @1776Stonewall: Trump actually said 1 in 3 are raped. It's actually higher. It's 80%. And even CBS corrected him and admitted it was 80%…
Trump actually said 1 in 3 are raped. It's actually higher. It's 80%. And even CBS corrected him and admitted it was 80%, but they then deleted their correction because they realized it made Trump's point for him
Trump just said what needed to be said, that migrant parents give their daughters plan B pills because they know they will be raped by the traffickers they hand them over to. . Even the left admits this to be true. So much for them not being rapists coming across the border, huh?
And Trump just swore in 5 new immigrants beforehand. Brilliant move.
Pelosi has already said she will not accept a DACA deal. so make no mistake, this speech is simply to call their bluff and prove to the American people that they don't care about the DACA recipients and that they are the ones unwilling to deal. It's a brilliant Chess move
@charliekirk11 And what that does, is it sends a message to all the other illegals in the country that New York is handing out free health care. So 300,000 quickly becomes 3 million
RT @1776Stonewall: @BreitbartNews "Boys will be held accountable". . . .  and girls won't be
@BreitbartNews "Boys will be held accountable". . . .  and girls won't be
https://t.co/3Y1cA5kEND  First CNN said that yesterday was "A bad day for us", then Chris Cuomo said "mueller didn't do the media any favors today", and now Don Lemon is trying so hard to run away from their humiliating reporting yesterday
@EricofOC No, Wallace was refusing to just blame Trump, meaning he was laying half of the blame on the left. Shep only wanted to blame Trump
https://t.co/CNDtZJR95s Shep Smith loses his mind when Chris Wallace refuses to only blame Trump for shutdown. Look at this lunatic
RT @1776Stonewall: https://t.co/lZh4KxXcNl Or as Mika Brzezinski once said "It's our job to control what people think". Watch!
https://t.co/lZh4KxXcNl Or as Mika Brzezinski once said "It's our job to control what people think". Watch!
RT @1776Stonewall: The Democrat politicians know that the useful idiots believe every word they tell them, and are too stupid to learn anyt…
The Democrat politicians know that the useful idiots believe every word they tell them, and are too stupid to learn anything themselves. So it doesn't matter what the reality of the situation is, it only matters what you tell them. They have complete control over their brains
@ToinetteLanier yeah it's at 4
@pegreg1992 He never does. He allows them to lie through their teeth, and never calls them out on it. He sucks
Amazing how Dems lie so effortlessly. Dan Kildee, Michigan Congressman, was just on Fox saying that most border agents say wall won't work. Total lie. They basically all say it works, and IS working.The wall has stopped illegal crossings by 90% where it's been built, like in Yuma
After the left turns down DACA deal, which they obviously will, it's going to be tough for them to blame Trump for the continuous shutdown. It shows that Trump is the one willing to negotiate. He's calling their bluff. . Probably why Pelosi was so desperate to flee the country
@Jim_MEfish @JimmyHall3 we have a completely open border right now. Their family is already here
@krobinson_3232 Exactly. DACA recipients are a small number compared to all the illegals pouring into this country every day, week and year. After we build a wall, we can finally deport thousands, or even millions, of illegals for good. That would mare than make up for the DACA people
@goldstarheatin Exactly. They're not going anywhere. So why allow them to prevent us from having a wall? That would be letting them win. After we build a wall, we can deport thousands, even millions of illegals for good. no more being deported 10 times, just to keep coming back
@RestiveRabble @POTUS That's what the wall if for though
RT @1776Stonewall: @JimmyHall3 I'm not worried about people who've been here for a decade. I'm worried about the 10's of thousands of new o…
@JimmyHall3 I'm not worried about people who've been here for a decade. I'm worried about the 10's of thousands of new ones crossing the border every day. After we build a wall, we can round up thousands of illegals and throw them out. No more being deported 10 times, just to come back
RT @1776Stonewall: After we build a wall, then we can round up thousands of illegals and deport them for good, once and for all. but let's…
After we build a wall, then we can round up thousands of illegals and deport them for good, once and for all. but let's focus on getting that wall up first
RT @1776Stonewall: Why allow them to prevent us from getting a wall? Like I said, it doesn't matter anyway, because the left won't take the…
Why allow them to prevent us from getting a wall? Like I said, it doesn't matter anyway, because the left won't take the deal, so it's a hypothetical debate, but I'm passed DACA. My goal now is to make sure it doesn't keep happening. We have to stop the bleeding
RT @1776Stonewall: Personally, and I know many of you disagree, I don't care about DACA. I want a wall. These people aren't going anywhere,…
Personally, and I know many of you disagree, I don't care about DACA. I want a wall. These people aren't going anywhere, unfortunately. I'd rather have them here with a wall, than have them here without a wall. We need to end illegal immigration. Thousands come through daily
Make no mistake, Trump offering DACA is to prove that the Dems don't give a shit about them. They won't take the deal, and he knows they won't take the deal. It's to call out their phoniness
https://t.co/VXn7gjr9DA WATCH: Chris Cuomo Is PISSED After BuzzFeed Flub; “Mueller Didn’t Do The Media Any Favors Tonight”. He's pissed that they didn't get away with their fake news story. Unreal!
@JohnTho1981 @mitchellvii @BreitbartNews It's all in an effort to make it seem that Trump is a child who can't think for himself. Everything they do is to belittle him
RT @1776Stonewall: @mitchellvii @BreitbartNews This is what Rush Limbaugh refers to as Trump's "Pacing": https://t.co/LNDXLdwSpE
@mitchellvii @BreitbartNews This is what Rush Limbaugh refers to as Trump's "Pacing": https://t.co/LNDXLdwSpE
https://t.co/ynGe4n4fr3 Just likes blacks shouldn't vote Democrat, Jewish people are also voting for the wrong party. Imagine a Republican said this?
RT @1776Stonewall: Just 2 days ago CNN called for Trump to be impeached for canceling Pelosi's trip. This is a media that literally had on…
Just 2 days ago CNN called for Trump to be impeached for canceling Pelosi's trip. This is a media that literally had on doctors to talk about how Diet Coke can lead to senility, that the president should be removed via the 25th amendment because the Diet coke has driven him crazy
And the useful Idiots fall for it every single time. They hop on Social Media and advance silly trends like "President Pelosi". Even Donna Brazile, the "christian woman" who fed Hillary debate questions, tweeted it. We're dealing with seriously deranged people here, folks
Whenever the left is in trouble they release another "Russia" story. You can bet whenever one of these "Bombshells" comes out, it means the left feels it's losing a battle, in this case the shutdown. Trumps approval with Hispanics up 20 points since shutdown. An NPR poll no less
@netwrkguy I couldn't imagine the best investigators in the world digging into my entire life. I'll be honest, they'd find dirt there that would hurt me if I ever got into politics. It's really quite incredible that they haven't found anything serious in his entire past.
RT @1776Stonewall: Talk about "instructing someone to lie" as Buzzfeed claimed, that's what Mueller himself instructs Cohen/Manafort to do,…
RT @1776Stonewall: Typical response for a leftist - No brain function required. Straight to childish insults. They don't actually learn any…
Typical response for a leftist - No brain function required. Straight to childish insults. They don't actually learn anything, they have no idea what's going on in the world around them. They simply deny anything they don't want to hear. Don't get mad at him. Pity him, instead https://t.co/ihrup1sC18
@Falgi I knew you'd like that one, Patti.
RT @1776Stonewall: And just think about this: Trump didn't live his life like a politician, meaning he didn't watch his every step, this is…
And just think about this: Trump didn't live his life like a politician, meaning he didn't watch his every step, this is who he naturally is. He doesn't drink, he doesn't do drugs, he's been a great father to all his kids, his employees love working for him, he's just a good guy
RT @1776Stonewall: And I'll be honest, I'm actually shocked at how clean Trump is. The man has been a NYC businessman forever,I figured som…
And I'll be honest, I'm actually shocked at how clean Trump is. The man has been a NYC businessman forever,I figured somewhere down the line he must have done at least something shady, or did deals with questionable people, but it appears, thanks to Mueller, the man is upstanding
RT @1776Stonewall: The left gets away with blatant crimes, so obvious you have to scratch your head to how anyone can deny them. Yet if we…
The left gets away with blatant crimes, so obvious you have to scratch your head to how anyone can deny them. Yet if we even sneeze wrong, there's an investigation to see what caused it. Same with media, their media lies daily, but if we get 1 thing wrong, there's hell to pay
RT @1776Stonewall: God forbid Trump ever once did what the left does on a DAILY basis! So far, after digging through every aspect of his en…
God forbid Trump ever once did what the left does on a DAILY basis! So far, after digging through every aspect of his entire life, the man has come back incredibly clean. If anyone else in DC had their entire life rummaged through like Trump has, they'd have found serious crimes
Talk about "instructing someone to lie" as Buzzfeed claimed, that's what Mueller himself instructs Cohen/Manafort to do, that's what the Democrats had Christine Ford do, and Anvenatti had his clients do, that's what Bruce Ohr admits the FBI did when they frauded the FISA court
https://t.co/sJeIWZcglt WATCH: Chris Matthews Holds Onto BuzzFeed Story; “It’s Not Accurate…Doesn’t Mean It’s Not True”.. . They are so desperate, folks!
Woodward said this while the left was quoting every word of his book as gospel, yet they ignore that he said this. Even Obama basically said you'd have to be an idiot to think "you could even rig an election". He said that AFTER he knew that "Russia" had supposedly hacked the DNC
The only people who still think Trump colluded are the ones who hate his guts, because they want to believe it so bad. most of the politicians, like Adam Schiff, know damn well he didn't collude. I mean, hell, Schiff is on tape attempting to collude with Russia himself. lol
RT @1776Stonewall: Mueller has investigated Trump for 2 years, and for 9 months before that the FBI investigated him. Mueller continued the…
Mueller has investigated Trump for 2 years, and for 9 months before that the FBI investigated him. Mueller continued their work. And they even had spies in his campaign (admitted by Clapper). Even Bob Woodward said he investigated Trump "hard" for 2 years, admits he found nothing https://t.co/xZE2UVT7uc
RT @1776Stonewall: couple weeks ago Schiff was asked what he felt would happen to Trump. His response was that he expects Trump to be voted…
couple weeks ago Schiff was asked what he felt would happen to Trump. His response was that he expects Trump to be voted out next election. That doesn't take much to figure out what he's saying. And CNN was saying earlier this week that the Mueller report might be "anticlimactic"
RT @1776Stonewall: Makes sense, right? The media lies on a daily basis, almost every story in fact. Why did Mueller feel the need to correc…
Makes sense, right? The media lies on a daily basis, almost every story in fact. Why did Mueller feel the need to correct this one, specifically? and it coincides with the left trying to lower expectations on the Mueller report, and Schiff basically saying Trump won't be removed https://t.co/F46c3dMscU
@spenree1 you took my advice? Good show, right? And he's even better on radio because he's not limited to what FOX allows him to say, and he's not rushed, it's a 3 hour show
RT @1776Stonewall: @mikediller exactly. If it weren't for them believing all the BS, then there would be no lying media and really no Democ…
@mikediller exactly. If it weren't for them believing all the BS, then there would be no lying media and really no Democrat party. Their entire existence depends on their ability to get their constituency to believe the lies.
@MagaDrex Thank you. And yeah, I wish we had more free speech on here, I'm actually even more opinionated and have stronger views on things than I post on here. Me getting kicked off doesn't help anyone. It's good enough though
@ebalnolom1 @MagaDrex Thank you, Kat. That makes it all worth it, hearing things like that
Well she does have great taste, doesn't she? https://t.co/pRxNzixmeM
@MagaDrex Yeah she's done. Palin is going to destroy her next year
@MagaDrex Hopefully at least Republican voters are finished with establishment figures
@MagaDrex https://t.co/g8s5qS6kpg Watch this border agent who went on CNN and explain it to them. It's just a minute long
@MagaDrex That's 100% true. Border control agents were on FOX a few weeks back talking about the plan B pills that they find on girls. Their parents hand them over to traffickers and give them plan B pills, knowing that they'll be raped on their journey.
@MagaDrex And wasn't it San Antonio that a Republican recently won for the first time in 130 years?
@MagaDrex Then they deleted their correction because they realized it actually helped make his point. I think it was CBS, if I'm right
RT @1776Stonewall: @MagaDrex You know what's funny about that? The left said Trump was racist for calling them rapists, right? Yet they adm…
@MagaDrex You know what's funny about that? The left said Trump was racist for calling them rapists, right? Yet they admit that 80% of the girls are raped on their way to our Southern border. lol. They actually corrected Trump during his SOTU because he incorrectly said a lower number.
@MagaDrex And what state is that in? . . Another one of my friends girlfriend is Hispanic as well, and she and her family are also pro Trump
RT @1776Stonewall: He's great friends with this woman from Bolivia, and she is a huge Trump supporter, as are he children and the rest of h…
He's great friends with this woman from Bolivia, and she is a huge Trump supporter, as are he children and the rest of her family
RT @1776Stonewall: I'll tell you this, I have a friend who is a manager in a warehouse in Brooklyn, with all Hispanic workers, hundreds of…
I'll tell you this, I have a friend who is a manager in a warehouse in Brooklyn, with all Hispanic workers, hundreds of them. The building is like 8 stories tall. Many of the workers are illegal, and they HATE Trump, but the legal ones absolutely love him and hate the illegals
RT @1776Stonewall: Look at this, folks: New NPR/Marist poll finds Trump's approval rating with Hispanics has risen a whopping 20 points DUR…
Look at this, folks: New NPR/Marist poll finds Trump's approval rating with Hispanics has risen a whopping 20 points DURING Border wall showdown up to 51%. And this is coming from the uber liberal NPR, which oversamples Dems by 10-20%. Meaning the actual results are quite higher https://t.co/majjW8FGLE
@Gringz WOW! And that's an NPR/Marist poll. NPR is as liberal as it gets, and they oversample Dems by 10-20%. So the real results are likely 5-10 points higher. I'm going to tweet this. Good find. Thanks for bringing it to my attention
RT @1776Stonewall: @chaos_4ever It's a very tough pill to swallow, admitting that you've been made a fool out of for 2 years. They thought,…
@chaos_4ever It's a very tough pill to swallow, admitting that you've been made a fool out of for 2 years. They thought, after 2 years of nothing, that they finally had something to hang their hat on.
@MagaDrex As long as Barr does his job. Especially since Sessions wasted 2 years of our time. Barr better put his foot on the gas. If he does his job, this will be a great year
@Gringz is that right? I missed that one
@mwelch7539 Yeah I saw that one too. Amazing the mental gymnastics they'll do just to convince themselves that they haven't been made fools of for the past 2 years. . Too bad for them that even CNN admitted that "Today was a really bad day for us"