I stand ready to serve God people daily with Integrity, Honor and Service
I just got #ordained online as a minister of the Universal Life Church! https://t.co/YKvLUcD5Rt via @ulcmonastery December, 2018"
ADDENDUM 	If you walked off the job you could not be fired because you’re not being paid. Also, you would not be replaced because a replacement could not be paid. It would be a WIN WIN for all concerned think about it? It works.
If All Government Employees would walk off their jobs for one day it would end this Government Shutdown immediately. And show the elected officials whose really in charge. Just one day walk out all 50 states.
I Pray for the "Bush" family during this time of grieving. May God keep each of them strong.
Good morning everyone, I want to thank those who sent me a Happy Birthday wish and pray that all is well with each of you also. Again, thanks so much for your wishes. Stay safe!
As we begin to celebrate Thanksgiving Day with family and friends, I pray that “we” will take just a few minutes to “STOP” and pray for those who have lost love ones this year and passed as well. Stay safe.
@BidenCancer Sir, my name is Lev C. Crowder@LeviCCrowder2 on 08/12/2018" I loss my niece "Lisa" to CANCER. I have an on going birthday fundraising on Face Book that ends on 11/18/2018" can you help me with it? Advise Please! Thanks You.
I have an upcoming birthday on November 18th, 2018" you may recall back on 08/12/ 2018" my niece loss her fight against CANCER. I made a promise to do all I can to help fight CANCER, I have an on going fundraiser with American Cancer and ask for your support no matter how small.
As we head to the polls this Tuesday-November 6th, 2018" please keep in mind why you're voting. Not for a party (D's or P's) but for whats best for our country and the best ones to get the job done.
I pray that you have a wonderful and safe Holiday Today and don’t forget to keep those of us who lost love ones the past month in your prayers.
I pray for Sen. John McCain Family that God will keep them strong during this time of grieving, may His Blessings continue in the Days, Weeks, Months and Years on this family. I pray (1-John 5:14,15) over their lives always.
We have lost a great singer “Ms. Aretha Franklin”. You and my niece “Lisa” are walking around Heaven All Day from now on. Love ❤️ you ladies very much.
Dear First Lady Ms. Trump, thank you for your message earlier concerning our kids. And what the “NBA” star “LBJ” did for the children in his hometown. Bless You!
As July 2018” comes to an end, and back to school starts. Let’s keep our focus on the most important treasures we have, our children. They look to “us” for protection.
1 Corinthians 2:12 - What we have received is not the spirit of the ...
Rest in peace First Lady; Bush. I pray for your family that they will remain strong kowing that you are now resting in the arms of Jesus. Amen
https://t.co/KTMcnTls7B
Listen to "A Prayer for Thankfulness When You're Struggling" by https://t.co/X2UOKBRa2g via #spreaker https://t.co/nlv3RzZr6Z
@DLeeTV Hi Diane, it's been some time since I sent you a Tweet so here is one for you. How do you feel about ALL the violent acts around us today? And as a parent how worred are you about the safty of your children? Just wanted to know your thoughts on this subject.
Currently viewing I Have Much to Be Thankful For https://t.co/77KMhXWSkt via @DailyGodTube
Melania, thank you for spending time with the students at (OLMS) in Michigan. I hope you can do the same at (HPA) Spartanburg, SC soon
I wonder how many times have "you" made a statement about an issue that were taken completely the wrong way; I have...(see Matthew 7)
@FLOTUS @WhiteHouse I'm sure "Sophie Trudeau" enjoyed her visit as much as you did hosting. Way to go keep it up first lady. Good job.
@FLOTUS @JBA_NAFW Thank you first Lady "Melania"
@DLeeTV @WSPA7 I wish we (people) would show more love and kindness toward one another, and stop these criminal acts of violent and dis-respect.
@WSPA7 My mom use to say you fight fire with fire. I'm not saying we should start a war but, it's time we stop playing footsy with N-Korea Leader.
@WSPA7 Week five should be great high school football. Lets go upstate, Lets goooooo.
@342033790 I would love to see how you play with your new toy.
@342033790 	Alexandra, I would love to see how you play with you new toy.
@RepJeffDuncan 	Hi Jeff, I look forward to more tweets form you soon.	LC
AMBER Alert issued for missing teen in NC https://t.co/kUeZB8sEzj via @WSPA7