The Taliban met with some notorious Afghan warlords in Moscow. Mr. Stanekzai said, “They are pursuing an Islamist government in the country. They don’t recognize the country’s current Constitution.” This meeting was designed to undermined Afghanistan state. It's not useful at all
After withdrawing the U.S. forces, the Taliban and  jihadists will capture Kabul. The defeat of the U.S. and its Afghans partners will be followed by the rising of a new wave of terrorism not only in Afghanistan but also in the world. The U.S. will back and starts from beginning.
I would like to wish you a Happy Thanksgiving Day.
Today Afghanistan people voted for democracy. Hope overcame division and fear. It's very good.
I honor  the memories of those who died in the horror attacks of September 11, 2001. Also, I appreciate all those young men and women in uniform who have fought against terrorism.
Happy labor Day
Americans lost a hero and a true statesman. Afghanistan people always remember John McCain#
Dear Americans! Happy 4th of July.
I honor those young Americans who lost their lives in fighting against terrorism in Afghanistan. The People of Afghanistan are going hold an election which was not possible before. Memorial Day #
I honor Dr. Luther king Jr Day.
Happy Easter
Happy President's Day
Happy New Year.
Thank you Mr. @POTUS . Pakistan needs to change its policy now. https://t.co/OEzKgPIjRC
#Merry Christmas!
Happy Thanksgiving Day.
Unfortunately, the coffin -shops owners have one of the most flourished business in Afghanistan now.
Happy Columbus Day!
I am praying for every one who has been hurt, wounded, or lost their lives in Las Vegas horrific attack.  The United States is great because its people are united. #LasVegasShooting
I am so happy Angela Merkel won the election for a fourth term. Congratulations Chancellor Merkel!
"India at UN (Permanent Mission of India to the United N)		Pakistan is now Terroristan."	It's right. There are concrete proof. #Terroristan
I never forget 9/11. I pray for the innocent people who lost their lives.
Afghans have been suffered from the Pakistan’s policy .No safe-haven for terrorists # Donald Trump  strategy for Afghanistan.
@realDonaldTrump An indecisive president in the United States doesn't help peace and security. President Trump is different.  a proper time to stop dictators
I think @chuckschumer is right. Threatening does not solve the problem. The US have had an extensive experience in  dealing with the USSR. https://t.co/mfnRjFUR5I
ISIS &amp; Taliban with racial and religious motivations are targeting the defenseless  Hazarah People in Afghanistan. #MirzaOlangMassacre
Mr. President! The @UN vote does not stop him. https://t.co/f04z3SRi6I
Don't close #Al Jazeera. It was a revolution in the Arab countries. All authoritarians hate it.
The Constitution of Afghanistan, the best in the Muslim World, is unfortunately a dead letter under Ashraf Ghani.
I am deeply concerned about the adv. of the terrorists, spec Taliban and I have the same worry for the high casualties of the Af. Gov forces
A meaningful question: "Who ate Republicans’ brains?"	The question has been appeared in @nytimes
Dear Bill I know you're' a generous donor. Many children in Af. are studying under the shadow of trees. You may build some schools for them
The Afghanistan real reformists https://t.co/l2R7quthgs
Senator John McCain is an American hero. He has been a steadfast supporter of Afghanistan people for many years. I wish him well.
Dear Americans! Happy 4th of July
Mr. Ghani should resign. The people have lost their trust to his leadership. The NUG is on the verge of collapse
Sending new US forces to Afghanistan prevents security decline, not prevail against Taliban. The worst problem is a bad leadership in Kabul
Because of an incompetent leadership, Afghanistan army loses control of war against terror daily.The UNG doesn’t work. It's time to rethink.
"yes" in Turkey's referendum means more dictatorship.
McMaster was Kabul to see how make progress. To curb the rampant corrupt, one independent anti-corruption body not many politically-driven
@SecAdviserUSA NUG is very unpopular. Less corrupt government would be the most effective means if you want to eliminate ISIS.
@FoxNews right policy
RT @FoxNews: Trump gives generals more freedom to make decisions in ISIS fight https://t.co/honyhq5y27
I hope Trump 's administration not to back very unpopular National Unity Government of Afghanistan. It's in the favor of both nations.
Plz drop more  bombs to eliminate Isis sooner.
RT @cnnbrk: 36 ISIS members were killed when US dropped its biggest non-nuclear bomb in Afghanistan, Afghan official says. https://t.co/S4y…
Themissile strike on Syria is OK for Trump.It shows his seriousness.Do the Syrian people need more explosions?They need one can stop the war
Abraham Lincoln, "We can not escape of history."
Trump: US will solve N.Korea. How? It would be too dangerous by military means.
The US does not insist on Assad should leave power as a precondition to end the conflict. It’s more realistic and constructive.
The US International aids is an effective investment for its national interests. Cutting of it,but spending more on the military seems weird
If Trump fails to replace Obamacare, how can he institute for tax-reform? A radical change is not easy in the U.S.
The worst things in the campaign against terror is a widespread rhetoric that says the Donald Trump’s administration is against Islam.
I hope that the security forces of NYC are able to prevent security incident like what happened today in London.
Neil Gorsuch is likely a qualified judge for the Supreme Court, but the Democrats do not like him. He is very conservative.
Donald Trump and Angela Merkel who have leading roles in the Western Allies offer two very different visions, protectionism and free trade.
I used to believe Turkey is an acceptable model in the Middle East even in the Muslim World.
Happy Women's Day!