RT @FakeAPStylebook: If you abbreviate the character name to "Dr. Who," nerds will get upset. But are nerds ever NOT upset?
@TheToast Also, it's nice to see you again.
@TheToast Only when referring to delicious charred bread.
@nolapfau @magencubed Verified true.
Like we did columbus day a few years back, just start quietly lowercasing pre'sidents day.
@Pablo360Able Yes. Perfect. Go nuts.
Put the apostrophe wherever you want. What, you still want to act like any of this means anything? #PresidentsDay
New England Patriots fans will be reading your coverage of the Super Bowl, so make sure today's crossword puzzle isn't too hard.
Travel writers: emphasize the adventure possibilities of staying at home, especially in one's basement, under a blanket.
Do not refer to this as the "Fourth Reich." That was the Red Skull's brief reign in the '70s. This is the Fifth Reich.
No matter how many times she uses it on official correspondence, "Glamour Goebbels" is not Kellyanne Conway's official title.
It is a violation of national security to reveal the location of Steve Bannon's phylactery to questing adventurers.
Remind staff photographers that only special lenses can focus the arcane wavelengths required to capture Steve Bannon's human form.
Use active voice. "The living now envy the dead," not "the dead are now envied by the living."
You may safely transition the following chapters of your stylebook to use as fuel in the fire barrels: Sources; References; Quoting.
Do not inadvertently reveal Enola's location to the administration. They must never get their hands on the map tattooed on her back.
Words no longer have meaning, but for readers' sake, you should gradually phase in inarticulate grnnghaghFNAAAGGHHhrrkk [howling]
SPORTS BETTING EDITORS: Please update "Death of Journalism Cause" line in listings- "Industry Trends," "Presidential Fiat" now a push
Lure Hillary out of the woods for an interview with sunflower seeds or perhaps a netted bag of suet.
Know the difference: Armed bands are roving patriots; arm bands are mandatory apparel in Heartland Security Zones.
We all have deadlines, so don't be shy about just running the middle 500 pages of "The Stand," 200 words at a time. No one will notice.
Two journalists are a pair; three or more journalists are illegal and should be reported immediately.
For all references to "alternative facts" predating 1990, use instead "college radio facts."
Adapt all news stories into easy to understand pictographs, so future races of evolved animals will understand our history.
Don't change your "home &amp; garden" section to "bunker &amp; trough" immediately. Let things sink in for readers first.
Don't present news too negatively. Replace any usage of "mass shooting" with "spontaneous bullet giveaway."
When covering the presidential inauguration, remember that a large group of Trump supporters is called a "Reichstag."
When transcribing the inaugural poem, do not neglect the so-called "lost stanza." https://t.co/pO0TXxR4WL
In all political stories from now on, be sure to note whether or not the trains run on time.
Look, we know it should technically be "Horsepeople" but they seem to prefer "Horsemen of The Apocalypse."
Boost stories about private space exploration. It's our only way out of here.
Identify sources as completely as possible: full name, hometown, age, occupation, number from the Presidential Enemy Registry.
Features about co-ordinating summer fashion with mandatory badges identifying your religion are not to run before May.
OUTLETS: The 2017 List of Celebrity Deaths will XMIT at 0130 on Jan. 18.
When writing about the border wall's effectiveness, don't bring up uncomfortable topics such as "digging," "ladders," or "the ocean."
Giggling during interviews with CIA officials outraged over foreign interference in elections is grounds for suspension, STEVE.
BUREAUS: WH Correspondents must DM Press Sec. staff @PepeMAGA1488 for credentialing before Press Briefing @ Mention Threads begin Jan. 21.
When getting the 5 Ws of the Martin Shkreli dog poop story, you probably don't need to worry about the "why."
Be sure to get both sides of every issue. Contact both the political right and actual for-real Nazis for comment.
Use "noose" instead of "thread" if the Twitter essay you're reading actually makes you want to kill yourself.
If you're not sure how to cover a story, just ask yourself "What Would Teen Vogue Do?"
It's a whole lot easier to fill column inches if you embed the tweet instead of just pasting the text.
Note to news publications: You might want to relocate your coastal bureaus to higher ground soon.
For a change of pace, run optimistic stories about the strong likelihood of a killer meteor strike in the near future.
OUT: Hot Takes		IN: Pisstakes
When referring to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson--hold up. That's his name? That wasn't a joke? Jesus.
You may censor the expletive in each new "Fuck the poor/women/LGBQT" bill from the new administration.
"Alt-Right" on the first use.  Jump into a flaming dumpster on subsequent use.
Semicolons may also be used as stitches in case you can't afford health care this year.
OUT: Yellow stars.		IN: Blue check marks. https://t.co/g9UkJR2qrK
The WiFi at Mar-a-Lago is REALLY bad. https://t.co/g3WHXQmSH3
As the US and UK are in the northern hemisphere, remember that death spirals in both countries rotate counter-clockwise.
As of January 20th, replace all references to years prior to 2017 with "the Long Long Ago" or "when the Earth was green and lived."
How about you just call it fucking fascism on first reference for once in your goddamn life.
@CindyDVasquez @APA_Style @mlastyle We're not leaving until everyone's kissing.
Now kiss. @APStylebook @ChicagoManual
"Underway" is now officially one word to avoid confusion with the "Under Way," a road to hell Elon Musk decided to build on a whim.
NOTE: "internet" is lowercase; "THE INFORMATION SUPERHIGHWAY" is always all-caps
"Social Justice Warrior" on first use, "not an asshole" on subsequent uses.
Avoid "listicle" in favor of the full formal "left testicle."
Never bae on fleek with a slay queen who... what the hell is this shit? What are you asking me to type here?
Bureau Chiefs @HighMindedMW and @theisb are heightening the art of film criticism with the Movie Fighters podcast. https://t.co/X4qI2p9Yq7
RT @fakethirtyeight: We surveyed 10,752 people about data visualization. The results: http://t.co/8JQFVSbas8
Capitalize "Bitcoin" by converting it to grown-up money before the bottom drops out.
We have been nominated for the @shortyawards. Vote for us if you want to crush the @ChicagoManual and its cult. http://t.co/Lae7SiDePe
@marisandres Thank you very much.
@smuttynosebabs Thank you very much.
FAPS co-founder Mark Hale is having a rough winter. If you've got a few bucks to spare, it would help tremendously. http://t.co/LkyYFnuxx8
Journalists, please be respectful when covering these, the last Winter Olympics ever. #Sochi2014
We honestly don't know how we're managing to offer usage guidelines with these accommodations. We are heroes. #Sochi2014
JOURNALISTS: Do not look for a series of smaller and better hotel rooms hidden inside your current one. #Sochi2014
You are here to cover the Olympics in Russia. Quit looking over at Sarah Palin's house. #Sochi2014
It's not technically gay if you're also huddling together for warmth. #Sochi2014
Not  ll  r icles on the So hi Olympi s re re dy for immedi  e public  ion #Sochi2014
Terrorist bombs are denoted "BOOM!" Collapsing infrastructure is denoted "FWOOM!" #Sochi2014
The Russian language doesn't use articles. Neither do Russian news outlets. #Sochi2014
Need #tips writing about the #BigGame's ads? This excerpt from our book can help. #brands #seo #socialmedia #Benghazi http://t.co/qPh9vebKyN
A̷̡͢L̡̛L̷͝ ̸H͡͝Ą̴I̸̵L͢͟͜ SO͜͠R̷͜͏Ĺ͜AC̴͘ ͠HÈ͜ ̨W̛͟H̷̛́O̕͜͞ ́Ẃ̸͘A̵LĶS͢͝ BE͟T͏W̷̨̢E͜E͠N ͏̷ŢH͏E̷͝ ̀PAR̕AG̷͠R̶̷͝A͟P̧̀͏HS̨͝͡
Your document will be saved. You will not be saved. S̨OŖ̷͜L̶̛A͞C͟͡
To know Śor̨la͠c͏,͠ is to experience the existential terror of subscription-based internet newsstand price models. Do not resist.
To look into the face of S̨o̶rlac͡ is to tempt madness, in much the same way as when one sees the construction "had went."
BEHOLD THE COMING OF S̷̛͞͠O҉̀R̡̡̕͟Ļ̴̷͟Á̧͜͡C͡, AND WEEP AT HIS HORRIFYING BEAUTY. Also, avoid run-on sentences.
To avoid typos, regularly sacrifice a lifestyles editor in the name of S̨o̶rlac͡ and place his beating heart atop your keyboard.
Use the inverted pyramid format to signify the banishment of reason in the coming Age of Sorrows. S̵̬͍͙̯͈͈̞O͏̶̳͎͇̬͕R̠Ļ̝̭̦͔̩̜̻Ḁ͖͈͞ͅC͠͏̘̟͉
Once your draft is complete, take back one paragraph to honor S̨o̶rlac͡, whose article it is.
Wet your quill in the red ink of your heart's blood. Today we invoke and appease Śor̨la͠c͏,͠ t͘he̢ Gram҉mar ̷Dev͡i͢l͢.
Work ahead and create graphics for the Monarchical Toddler, the Sovereign Terrible-Twofer, the Touched By Divine Right Preschooler, and...
For security reasons, you may be assigned one of the decoy babies.
When covering the Royal Baby, swaddle in blanket, tuck left corner into right fold.
Seriously, DOJ: who do we have to blow to get tapped?
You know, we make interesting phone calls, too.
Hodor: http://t.co/MmtcgoY0XI #Hodor
CRACKED BY GRAMMERPUNK1989 &amp; THE SEMICOLON KREW ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ #Hacked
ch3ck out my d1ng dang fuxxxxorz #Hacked
HODOR! HODOR HODOR HODOR. #Hodor
Penis Penis Penis #Hacked
CHICAGO MANUAL RULES SUPREME #Hacked
USE APOSTROPHE'S EVERYWHERE #Hacked
God is fake. #Hacked
Like ghost stories? Check out "Like A Virus" on Kickstarter, by FAPS co-creator @kenlowery and artist @robertwilsoniv http://t.co/qgBnzHWl48
Balcony: noun. "The balcony is closed."
We'd like to wish Roger Ebert, an early supporter who wrote the introduction for our book, a happy transition. http://t.co/nUZPKmZcof
Message Received RT @duranduran .@FakeAPStylebook, we have a 1-4-13 Charlie Romeo Uniform Sierra Hotel on You 1-4-13
Romeo Indigo Oscar. Her Name. Romeo Indigo Oscar
27-10-58 Sierra Indigo Mike. Oscar November Lima. Echo Bravo Oscar November. 27-10-58
26-04-60 Romeo Oscar Golf. Echo Romeo Tango. Alpha Yankee Lima. Oscar Romeo. 26-04-60
20-07-60 Juliet Oscar Hotel. November Tango Alpha. Yankee Lima Oscar. Romeo 20-07-60
08-07-62 November India Charlie. Kilo Romeo Hotel. Oscar Delta Echo. Sierra. 08-07-62
ATENCION, ATENCION
"Those poor rapists" #ForbiddenPhrases
"He/She's not the only one." as first sentence in second graf of a feature story #ForbiddenPhrases
"Friend Zone" #ForbiddenPhrases
"We regret the error" #ForbiddenPhrases
Literally any word you have seen on Tumblr #ForbiddenPhrases
"Tuesday" #ForbiddenPhrases
"Sadly passed away" (replace with #YOLO) #ForbiddenPhrases
"ska enthusiast" #ForbiddenPhrases
"Lena Dunham" #ForbiddenPhrases
"Timberlakeian" #ForbiddenPhrases
Today we will be publishing a list of words you should no longer use in any publication. Adjust stylebooks accordingly. #ForbiddenPhrases
Inform your readers that this is the first meeting of the College of Cardinals since Delta House was put on Double Secret Probation.
By no means confuse "sequestration" for "Seacrestation."
@KarenKoch1 "Imaginary."
CORREX: "Husband" or "wife" is correct in all references to married same-sex individuals. Hetero couples are now "Brood Unit 1 and 2."
As a service to many of your readers, run a special column highlighting the weather forecast for the Friend Zone.
To commemorate the true meaning of Valentine's Day, why not publish photos of your staff's favorite beheadings?
Avoid unfortunate typos: remember the lessons of The New York Times, whose "Valencrime's Day" message in 1985 resulted in mass looting.
You may dub the serial murderer shooting locals through the heart with arrows the "Cupid killer," but include a disclaimer.
Don't fucking call it "Love Day," Jesus Christ.
This day only it is acceptable to dot every lowercase I with a heart. Make it count.
Remember that "just the tip" is a sentence fragment and should be avoided.
Avoid using "husband" or "wife" in reference to same-sex married couples; instead use "roommates" or "confirmed co-bachelors."
It is acceptable to quote anonymous sources on the Te'o story as long as they don't exist.
As it always has, our hand moves through history unseen. http://t.co/KCBoiGPe
You can stop running that response to Virginia's letter about Santa. She's probably dead by now.
@jmwstuart We have a solution for that. http://t.co/RMRjUrUs
Christmas is the one time a year when you're explicitly allowed to print stories that lie to children. Don't waste it.
Cheer up the beleaguered editor in your life for like two minutes with our book, WRITE MORE GOOD, in print or on Kindle http://t.co/TsST30Sb
The plural of "Christmas" is "Christsmas."
Referring to him as "Good king" Wenceslas may be seen as an official endorsement of a human rights violating regime.
Be sure to emphasize the true reason for the season: helping retailers and corporations close that crucial fourth quarter.
When reporting on the success of the "Elf on a Shelf" fad, be careful not to compromise the location or identity of any Elven agents.
Be tasteful in titling your Christmas stories. "Christmas: The Altamont of Family Gatherings" is probably not appropriate.
This list of gifts for journalists isn't the first time we've been under the AP Stylebook, if you know what we mean. http://t.co/P8ii2Hmb
Looking for an exciting glimpse into the future of tomorrow? Nod sagely at the vague ideas presented by @TEDxFake.
Today only, get 40% off our t-shirts with checkout code "12DAILYDEAL3." Don't ask questions. No. No. Shhhh. http://t.co/QgTiyU5g
@AntonyFreelove The book is not available on UK Kindle right now. Be sure to let the publisher know you want it here: http://t.co/doIAOOHW
Use a comma after every item in a list of three or more, but then take back one comma to honor the Hebrew God whose sentence this is.
The proper finish to an enjoyable session is "thank you," not "so we're all definitely dudes in here, right?" #CyberMonday
In addition to age, sex, and location, you might want to ask if your partner is a Senator or Representative. #CyberMonday
"Stewardesses" is the longest word you can type with your left hand. #CyberMonday
"a/s/l" on first reference, "u hot" on subsequent. #CyberMonday
Imbibe your poisons and cover your shameful bodies with 30% off mugs and 20% off shirts with code "BLACKFRISALE." http://t.co/mtYXgmGj*
If you like us, why not buy our book, WRITE MORE GOOD? It would be very "style"ish of you. (See what we did there?) http://t.co/Uq60cRJs
Be sure to save a seat for Elijah in case he wrote the date down wrong.
Always use "Thanksgiving" on first reference. "National Day of Family Hate" is fine for subsequent.
For your vegetarian readers, also offer a recipe for tototofufufu.
Dressing or stuffing? Only use "dressing" if you're doing it wrong.
When publishing Turducken recipes, make sure to include a memorial for the inventor, who swallowed a fly and later passed away.
It's never too early to thoughtlessly buy our book, WRITE MORE GOOD, for someone on your holiday list. http://t.co/3eLx2T0x
The word is "bawl." If you're "balling like a baby" then these officers would like to have a word with you.
When quoting from a news release, pick the most nonsensical sentences to let people know what it's like to have to read those things.
If you'd like our tips sandwiched between the slow-motion midlife crises of old high school pals, we're on Facebook. http://t.co/fGkVcUuD
When burying the lede always eliminate any witnesses.
@JodaThongnopnua Is it really that hard to get Donald Trump to go on the record?
If you wrote a column making a hilariously incorrect election prediction, an apology or resignat--ha ha just kidding, it's cool.
"Niggardly" is asking for trouble, so really, just don't.
Do not bracket nonrestrictive phrases with commas. Nonrestrictive phrases yearn to be free and feel the wind in their hair.
We've taught you how to write more good. Now we teach you how to write more fast. Get #nanowrimo tips all month long at @FakeNNWMTips.
In the spirit of the season, end all news articles with, "THE END...?"
What are the various Palins wearing as Halloween costumes this year? That's probably news. Who knows anymore.
Do not describe something as "spooktacular" unless it is sufficiently	boo-pendous, wolfman-tastic, or draculamazing.
Medical stories should use the more technical term "Hallopenis."
You can pass off any old bullshit by simply prefacing it with "some claim that" or "some wonder if."
Just write "Obama made the jerk-off motion and rolled his eyes several times." You don't have to document every instance.
@Mobute Are these troubling details rooted in grammar?
For most nouns ending in -um, the plural is -a. Ex.: datum/data, memorandum/memoranda, Steak-Umm/Steak-A.
Avoid claiming that Obama is "killing it" on the campaign trail until you know who or what "it" is. #DNC
ATTN: A pool reporter has been assigned for the Dukakis keynote speech in the lobby of the Red Lobster in Pineville, NC at 7:38 EST. #DNC
Don't worry about fact-checking any of Obama's comments about Guantanamo. There won't be any. #DNC
EDITORS: Further GOP additions to the Democratic Party platform will xmit across the wire at 2:35PM EST. #DNC
Do not refer to the DNC as a billionaires club. Most are just millionaires, and some of them only just barely. #DNC
Each paper is allotted only three speakers about whom to write "The Next Obama?" stories, so choose carefully. #DNC
Be sure you're actually interviewing Al Gore, and not a homeless man who slipped past security. #DNC
In the interest of fairness, find a Democrat as fat as Chris Christie to make fun of. You may have to tape two or three together. #DNC
Never refer to boring speeches as "drone strikes," no matter how many bystanders they kill. #DNC
SCHEDULE ALERT: Joe Biden's "Crazy Old Man Yells At Empty Chair" speech moved from VP's hotel suite to the Wed. keynote. #DNC
The Satanic Gay Orgy is in conference room 504. The Episcopalian Gay Orgy is in room 506. Do not get them confused. #DNC
News producers: Be advised Ted Nugent has asked the Obama campaign to stop using "Wang Dang Sweet Poontang" as its theme song. #DNC
CORRECTION: "Convention lobby hologram of the late Richard Gephardt" mentioned in earlier wire story was, in fact, Richard Gephardt. #DNC
Transcripts of interviews, speeches and private phone calls to and from the convention are available via the Department of Justice. #DNC
Prop up the liberal media and save 15% on everything in our store with coupon code SUMMERISOVER - http://t.co/9LoxuOu2
Referring to lies as "lies" may hurt someone's feelings. Instead call them "freedom truths."
Abbreviations not to confuse with #RNC: R and D, RNA, RNR, GNR, NAACP, GWAR, WASP.
If you get thirsty, make sure you're drinking from the right water fountain. #RNC
Due to the shortened convention, the Monopoly guy will not be speaking tonight. #RNC
Some convention maneuvers are familiar enough you can use shorthand: "The speaker Zell Millered into a Palin followed by 360 Checkers." #RNC
Human Interest Angle: Interview local Blimpies and Honeybaked Ham managers who had to add three shifts for Christie green room snacks. #RNC
NOTICE TO EDS: The African-American delegate at the convention available for pool photos/interviews in Conf. Rm. 1380C @ 1:45 daily. #RNC
We know it's right there for the taking, but be polite. Don't mention all the teleprompters. #RNC
@StellaDaniels He sounds like a keeper.
EDITORIAL WRITERS: Any time someone calls the presidential race a "marathon" is a chance to point out a Kenyan will likely win it. #RNC
Don't worry about finding a Ron Paul supporter at the convention to interview. They will find you. They will always find you. #RNC
Be sure to differentiate between Newt Gingrich the politician and newt gingrich the newt disease.
As "Mexcellence" is taken by El Pollo Loco, we recommend "Hispaniriffic" and "Chicano-a-go-go" as alternatives.
To conduct an interview, go up to someone and ask them questions. It's not like this is rocket science.
If you're livening up your story with pop culture references more than ten years old, you might be a redneck.
shortchange - Coins that are not as tall as other coins.
"Airwolf" is both noun and an adjective. ("Rad Max decapitated the Baron with a reverse flip on his dirtbike. It was totally Airwolf.")
Waste an impressive amount of your Sunday afternoon with these free excerpts from our book, WRITE MORE GOOD. http://t.co/BRE2OmSu
Own WRITE MORE GOOD, the book the New Yorker calls "the least useful writing aid ever compiled," today! http://t.co/Otrg6bLx
Be careful when describing Bo Jackson. He knows.
You may refer to him as Cap'n Crunch to others, but you must still salute him in person.
Baning - Using a Sean Connery impression to scare people. Don't confuse with "boning," something else Sean Connery does better than you.
Refer to local prostitutes by their official rankings: "Cookie Love, 3rd in the Southeast Conference."
"Fitty" refers either to rapper 50 Cent or someone who is prone to fits.
Guerrilla soldiers use unorthodox tactics. Gorilla soldiers are awesome.
@SteveMartinToGo Hey. HEY. That's our gig.
To denote air quotes, use quotes.
According to our data mining, you don't own a copy of our critically-acclaimed book, WRITE MORE GOOD. Fix that now. http://t.co/y1mCkHl7
If any of our readers are animal lovers in the Louisville area, one of the Chiefs could use some help: http://t.co/ddcgnxIP Please share.
The term "Ouija Board" is trademarked by... hey, did you hear something?
Robots should only be referred to by gender-neutral pronouns, no matter how sexy they may be.
If your story is about ninjas, be sure to mention them in the first sentence. If it's not, why isn't it?
OUT: "Death toll." IN: "Current score."
The correct plural of ocelot is oceshitload. Ocefuckton is vulgar and should be avoided.
Did you know we're on Facebook? Same tips, now sandwiched between passive-aggressive updates from high school friends. http://t.co/WNYqr54D
Food sections should run articles about maybe grilling some zucchini this year in our continuing efforts to keep our readers alive. #USAUSA
"Independence Day" on first mention, "WELCOME TO ERF" thereafter. #USAUSA
This is a day for celebrating America, so leave traitorous comics like Doonesbury and Hi and Lois off the page. #USAUSA
Go ahead and have reporters waiting at local Emergency Rooms starting just before dusk. #USAUSA
Remind readers that July 4th is the day when all good Americans can serve as Aaron Sorkin's strawmen. #USAUSA
Be sure your reporters do not confuse "Independence Day" with "In-Depends Day," the popular fetish event. #USAUSA
Save yourself some trouble. The people who need firecracker safety tips aren't the people who read firecracker safety tips. #USAUSA
The yield of a given firecracker should be measured on a scale of missing digits. #USAUSA
"Teh" is a common misspelling of "the." Add it to your rival's spell-check dictionary.
If you missed it earlier, we posted several helpful ways to distinguish between SCOTUS and another nine-headed entity. http://t.co/tZc37l4n
We present a handy guide to distinguishing between the most important ruling body in the U.S. and the Supreme Court: http://t.co/3wb8hVLE
irregardless - The process of watering crops with lack of regard.
Lament and hasten the death of print with a copy of our book, WRITE MORE GOOD, in dead-tree and electronic versions. http://t.co/trYucwMM
I before E except after midnight, or the word will turn into a gremlin.
"Political football" &amp; "inside baseball" are valid phrases to use in your news story. "Congressional tongue hockey," however, is not.
From this point forward, "ancient" is an acceptable descriptor for Roger Ebert. "Venerable" if you're feeling nice. #HappyBirthdayRoger
dressage: a serious, competitive, athletic sport. Not just horse dancing for rich people. Apparently.
Tell Dad "Your grammar and usage suck, old man" with this 2-for-1 t-shirts and mugs deal. Coupon code DADSDAY2FOR1 - http://t.co/9LoxuOu2
Don't reword seasonal affective disorder articles to meet tight deadlines for reports on tropical depressions. See also: Summertime Blues.
Our commitment is to the truth. It's time we just told readers there is no best beach body for them. That time is over.
Newspapers are open year-round. Those "Enjoy your summer vacation!" emails the owners are sending out probably mean you're fired.
Be sure to get the opinion of failed political candidates on major legislation. Their opinions still matter, apparently.
Are you on "Hollywood Squares"? If so, you can say "For the Win." Everyone else, knock that shit off.
Include numerical designations when referring to specific robots ("Tobey Maguire, Unit 75-044B").
@derricks The answer is that movie came out in 1997, please let it go.
"LASER" is an acronym and should always be printed in full caps. (See also: SCUBA, SNAFU, GAYDAR)
Ape shall not kill ape. However, should ape kill ape, be sure to run the story above the fold.
There are differences between "pass," "enact," "approve" and "adopt," but remember: your readers don't care.
What your mom really wants this Sunday is to have her grammar corrected. For that, we offer our book, WRITE MORE GOOD. http://t.co/4NWgFWKX
@msbellows @GrammarGirl The answer, forever and always, is "JUMP!"
Newspapers use a lot of paper. Help prevent deforestation by printing on leather.
Use "gay" or "lesbian" to refer to people, "alternative lifestyle" to refer to Trekkies and "Twilight" fans.
Queen Mother - The immortal spider who spawned all of England's queens.
"Airwolf" is also an adjective. ("Rad Max decapitated the Baron with a reverse flip on his dirtbike. It was totally Airwolf.")
There is no apostrophe in TEAM, son!
BREAKING: For all North Carolina editions, "gay" has reverted to its previous "owner of haberdashery" definition.
Avoid excessive use of contractions. The baby will come when it comes.
Do not use "Whoomp! There it is!" unless it actually is there.
TIP: When covering City Council meetings, the Mayor is often the one wearing a large sash emblazoned with "MAYOR."
Be sure not to confuse "aural" and "oral." The former is very uncomfortable.
It's "for all intents and purposes." "Intensive Purposes" is the hot new medical drama from CBS.
It is no longer necessary to write new stories about Facebook privacy issues. Just change the dates.
A "royal assload" (archaic) was a measurement first defined by how much of something King Henry VIII could fit in his ass.
If your story reveals the perpetrator of a crime, it is polite to put a spoiler warning at the top.
Imperial units should only be used when measuring general levels of rebel scum.
If you enjoyed today's #VillainGrammar lessons, please consider picking up THE SUPERVILLAIN HANDBOOK. http://t.co/QXRPHRkT
Show them all, don't tell them all. #VillainGrammar
"Sharks with frickin' lasers" is tired and cliché. Current supervillains are fracking. #VillainGrammar
It is customary to punctuate your last defiant speech with a dramatic fall from a great height, or "schplat." #VillainGrammar
"Curses, foiled!" on first usage, "Curses, foiled again!" for all subsequent usage. #VillainGrammar
Go with "I will conquer the world" not "I shall conquer the world," unless you're Professor Fancypants von Deth, Esq. #VillainGrammar
No, Mr. Bond, we expect you to close all parentheses. #VillainGrammar
Adding "you and I" to "We're not so different" is redundant. Just go straight to shooting lasers. #VillainGrammar
Acronyms for supervillain organizations should not contain periods: SSOSV, SPECTRE, MLA. #VillainGrammar
@moorishflower A group of henchmen is referred to as a "fodder." #VillainGrammar
In honor of the release of our own Matt Wilson's THE SUPERVILLAIN HANDBOOK, today's tips will be #VillainGrammar. http://t.co/Uu65yykF
Sexual dysfunction stories require sensitivity, so keep your tone soft and flaccid.
Do not put a "12" before "midnight."  For god's sakes, people. Really.
Do not bracket nonrestrictive phrases with commas. Nonrestrictive phrases yearn to be free and feel the wind in their hair.
Be careful when describing Bo Jackson. He knows.
You may think it's unimportant to cover ribbon cuttings, but that's because you've forgotten the Sentient Giant Scissors rampage of 1977.
@muchYorick We are a legitimate news service. @ChuckGrassley is a parody account.
"Foot-and-mouth" affects hoofed animals. "Foot-in-mouth" is pretty big in the fetish community.
double truck - A big-ass picture of two sweet semis! HONK HONK
Everything in our store is 10.40% off. Unlike your desk bourbon, however, these purchases are not tax-deductible. http://t.co/2zlORF3v
To help readers identify Supreme Court justices, pair them up with members of the Wu-Tang Clan. Ex.: Raekwon Bader Ginsburg
Robots should only be referred to by gender-neutral pronouns, no matter how sexy they may be.
For courtesy titles, ask a woman if she is married, how much land her father owns and why she is speaking to a strange man.
The word "axiomatic" is George Will's thing and he will straight up cut you if you try to use it.
Today our book, "Write More Good," is one year old. The traditional gift is a free chapter from the book. http://t.co/bR2GVVws
Always capitalize "Bible." You don't want to get letters from those people.
It is unethical to get involved in a sexual relationship with a source, so after this next time it is seriously over.
The correct spelling is "Rocktober," not "Roctober," which is the month of giant birds.
The plural of 'Dracula' is 'CHRIST GET OUT OF THERE!'
@britpetersen Only capitalize "quidditch" in formal titles: "Tri-County Quidditch Champion Leximus Fiddlebatch is not a real person."
Use "The Incredible Hulk" the first time in piece, then just "Hulk." See also Sensational Dionne Warwick, Mesmerizing Janet Reno.
1) "Celebrate" St. Pat's 2) Order shirts at 40% off using code YOURPOTOGOLD 3) Sober up 4) Surprise presents! - http://t.co/yEXFxqAR
"Raising awareness" on first usage, "jackin' it" thereafter.
Lay/lie: Politicians lay their mistresses; they lie on camera. Sometimes they do both at once.
"Hulk Hogan sex tape" on first reference, "Monday Night RAW" on subsequent use.
Remind your readers that the traditional Super Tuesday gift is a bushel of porn left outside your building manager's door in the basement.
The "Super" in "Super Tuesday" should always be capitalized, as it is the feast day of Saint Super.
Avoid confusing Super Tuesday with Super Tunesday, any day a Meatloaf back-to-back block comes on the classic rock station.
As Super Tuesday approaches, remind readers of the cautionary tale of a regular Tuesday being bitten by a radioactive primary.
When writing about political enemies in life: scumbag, asshole, cocksucker. Upon death: worthy adversary, family man, still a dick.
References to women as "dames," "frails," "skirts," and "dolls" is	restricted solely to the Hard-Boiled section of the newspaper.
Order your copy of WRITE MORE GOOD today to make sure you'll have it in time for Leap Day. Also available on Kindle. http://t.co/FoT3Jwk2
There's nothing weird about that. MT @nugge7: @FakeAPStylebook I find [your new logo] weirdly arousing.
We would like that very much. RT @wordhoarding: @FakeAPStylebook My daughter, aged 3, has offered to colour it in for you.
http://t.co/CQ2zRsD1 - Here is the new logo as a Twitpic. Please let us know what you think!
After 75 years as the Internet's premiere style book, we're proud to unveil our first ever logo change. Tell us what you think about it....
"Going commando" can refer to not wearing underpants, rescuing Alyssa Milano from terrorists, or preferably both at once.
Acceptable synonyms for #Linsanity: "Lintestinal parasite," "Lin vitro fertilization," "Lintelligent Design."
@APStylebook http://t.co/vexlL1pv - &lt;3
To clarify, the stuffed elephant in the @APStylebook care package has a heart with the words "Jungle Love" stitched on it. #ValentimesDay
@AZGL @APStylebook Of course. Money spent on packages is money not spent on our many yachts and European cars. #Ethics
#ValentimesDay MT @APStylebook Thanks @FakeAPStylebook for the package http://t.co/vexlL1pv to make up after our spat http://t.co/0y8Q5XXO
@RichardDreyfuss Great. You can either DM us the address you'd like the book sent to, or email fakeapstylebook at gmail dot com. Thank you!
@RichardDreyfuss Thank you, Mr. Dreyfuss. Would you like a copy of our book?
To avoid further controversy, people of Asian descent should only be described as "Linscrutable." #Linsanity
Fact-check all political obituaries with the CIA to make sure they didn't do it.
http://t.co/CRd6Btbc - We're sorry for what we said, @APStylebook. Here's a candy heart. Let's patch things up?
RT @FakePewResearch: 7 out of 10 respondents called @ChicagoManual "a home-wrecking Jezebel." #ValentimesDay
Why doesn't @APStylebook want to be our Valentime? Is it that floozy @ChicagoManual again? #ValentimesDay
Please ignore @APStylebook's erroneous holiday style tips. We have already reported them to Twitter. #ValentimesDay
Be sure to cover popular "anti-Valentine's Day" activities, such as sending boxes of chocolates to one's favorite Twitter accounts.
Despite widespread confusion, the proper spelling is "Valentimes Day."
Valentine's Day (Feb. 14) should not be confused with Vanhalentine's Day (every day).
Our Valentine to you, WRITE MORE GOOD, is merely $13. http://t.co/72Rzto3r
Use "Roman Catholic" to distinguish the Church from similar organizations (Gondorian Catholics, Times New Catholic, etc.)
Do not forget the extra 'r' in Febuarry.
You can find up-to-the-minute statistics on nothing in particular at our research wing, @FakePewResearch.
It is acceptable to refer to all court proceedings as a "trial," because seriously, you ever sat through one of those things?
"Chain saw" is two words in all instances: "No one else saw what the chain saw."
Remember: "its" means "it is" and "it's" is the possessive form of "it."
It's not your job to let Tim Tebow know that God likes Eli Manning better. He'll figure that out soon enough on his own.
List all rapists alphabetically in your post game followups.
Good descriptive words for Madonna's arms: tensile load bearing, tendony, yogaroid, anatomy lessonish.
No rebroadcast of the Puppy Bowl is allowed without the NFL's express written permission to edit out all the humping.
"Super Bowl XLVI" on first ref, "SBXLVI" thereafter. "IVLXBS" to trick it into returning to its home dimension for 90 days.
Automatic secret bonus for every time you work the word "shuffle" into your Super Bowl story.
Groundhog Day stories should include proper cooking instructions to avoid trichinosis outbreaks.
Hungry: wanting food. Hungary: European country. Hung Gary: Works in classifieds, gentlemen.
"Playing" for engaging in sports (e.g., playing baseball), "sporting" for having an erection (e.g., sporting wood).
When quoting from a news release, pick the most nonsensical sentences to let people know what it's like to have to read those things.
Reporting on your own superheroic activity while in your secret identity as a reporter is an ethics violation, MR. KENT.
All Fake AP Stylebook merchandise is Mitt Romney's tax rate off right now, with code "15WINTERSALE." http://t.co/RaMWOcTX
Be sure to hold all news that might damage a political candidate's chances until after the election. Or, y'know, forever.
Assure your readers in southern Pennsylvania that nobody is protesting them.
indiscreet/indiscrete - He was indiscreet with his embezzlement. The band saw failed, so the nosy intern's corpse was kept indiscrete.
@JupiterMalus Those days would be December 16 through January 13. We didn't tweet yesterday.
Stave off (or hasten) the death of print with a purchase of WRITE MORE GOOD, also available as an ebook. http://t.co/ueWy9NjL
To stay hip, use "po-po" instead of "police" (e.g., Po-Po Anti-Drug Task Force, Chief of the Po-Po, INTERPO-PO.)
The adjective "hitlery" ("This hot dog tastes hitlery") should be confined to the editorial page.
There are four important rules for interviewing. Make sure you know them.
"LEGO" is the plural. The singular is "Legum."
It's not technically a serial comma until it separates at least three clauses.
UPDATE: "Awesome" no longer means "commanding respect." Use only for "t-shirt featuring cereal that existed when I was a kid."
Yes, your "Santorum surges from behind" headlines were clever, but seriously, we're trying to eat over here.
2012 on first usage, "Presidential election year? I hope the Mayans were right" on subsequent usage.
"Tebowing" is not, in fact, the same as "teabagging." Though it is awfully close to "humblebragging."
Get yourself the t-shirt you actually wanted at 50% off, today only with the code "SHIRTSNCARDS." http://t.co/7GyUeuLP
It is appropriate to refer to past and future presidents by their initials: JFK, LBJ, NPH.
Caution: Some readers may find the photo of Santa dangling from his sleigh over the North Pole Embassy disturbing. #WarOnChristmas
Use the correct term "enemy combatant" when referring to either Heat Miser or Snow Miser. #WarOnChristmas
Call Jesus for your front-page Christmas story so you can add a standard "could not be reached for comment" line. #WarOnChristmas
The White House has requested that the news media not run any photos of dead elves. #WarOnChristmas
Avoid: "The War on Christmas." Substitute: "The Police Action on Christmas." #WarOnChristmas
Carefully vet all stories regarding the holiday. We don't need another "children dressing as Count Hanukkah the vampire" debacle this year.
"Polishing the Menorah"  is not a euphemism for what Uncle Irv is doing in the bathroom.
Sorry, but running an eight-part retrospective on Han Solo for Hanukkah is kind of pushing it. #GreatestHits
We sympathize, but must reject any articles on how to quickly turn a candy cane into a shiv at stressful family gatherings.
@GarryShandling Whoa whoa whoa, slow down there, Shandling.
Frankincense: an aromatic resin used since ancient times in religious rites. Do not confuse with Frankincense's Monster, an affront to God.
The holidays are here. Panicked, you flee, but there's nowhere to go! Your only consolation: A copy of WRITE MORE GOOD. http://t.co/cSsu2uKX
Under the equal time rule, you must provide editorial space for the 27% of Santa's elves who think the boss is a socialist.
Kwanzaa is spelled with two A's at the end, which is pretty much all we know about Kwanzaa.
Use the phrase...you know what, screw it. "Holidays," "Christmas," you're not gonna make anyone happy. Call if "Fuckoffday."
@craignewman @Buffalogal We have shirts. http://t.co/mtZ1NWPt*
Honestly, you could spell Hannukah with a "D" and no one would blink.
Spend your lunch break with this sample chapter from our book, WRITE MORE GOOD. Enjoyment is mandatory. http://t.co/TSF0U9Ql
As "Mexcellence" is taken by El Pollo Loco, we recommend "Hispaniriffic" and "Chicano-a-go-go" as alternatives.
The King's English Bookshop in Salt Lake City will be hosting its holiday party today, featuring our own Anna Neatrour http://t.co/CbDX1ERL
Hemline: Line formed by lowest edge of a garment. Hawline: A hilariously indecisive hemline.
Salt Lake City! The King's English Bookshop will be hosting its holiday party tomorrow, featuring our own Anna Neatrour http://t.co/CbDX1ERL
Please only run your "IF GLOBAL WARMING IS REAL, WHY IS IT COLD?" editorial cartoons if the temperature is below 52.
Considering the economic climate, have your gift guide include affordable items such as twigs, recyclable cans, and pretty good boxes.
Our book, WRITE MORE GOOD, is the perfect stocking stuffer for writers who have small, book-shaped stockings. http://t.co/BgNtUyrt
"HO" is a scale for model trains. The "ho train" is something completely different.
Accept/Except - Except for skilled ninjas, HYDRA is not accepting any new agents.
Make sure all those stupid Internet service names with missing vowels are in your spellcheckr.
You have one day and 47,200 words to go to finish your #nanowrimo book. Need help? Read through the tips at @FakeNNWMTips.
"What is on your iPod?" is an inappropriate question to ask an interview subject. Save it for press conferences.
When discussing "cost of human life" in Black Friday aftermath coverage, measure it against savings on that fantastically marked-down Wii.
Today, "ZCYBERMONDAY" takes $5 off shirts, $3 off mugs and 50% off your dignity for using the phrase "Cyber Monday." http://t.co/LDymSfu3
Rise from your carb coma and save $5 on our shirts with coupon code SUPERWEEKEND - http://t.co/yEXFxqAR
Buy our book (http://t.co/0vfLvOxf) and merch (http://t.co/yEXFxqAR) online and avoid the crowds and pepper spray. #urbanfriday
Please refer to it as "Urban Friday."
If you're compiling a list of things to be thankful for, remember that you have a job at a newspaper.
Anatolian Bureau: Let's not repeat last year's "AMERICA WANTS TO DEVOUR TURKEY" headline gaffe, OK?
Turkeys are like investigative journalism: sometimes you gotta shove a carrot up that ass.
If you're worried about having no exploding turkey story to run, put trace amounts of C4 in your editor's deep fryer.
Don't do turkey-in-the-street interviews about their Christmas plans. That's just cruel, man.
Avoid "Jell-O salad" as it contains a trademarked term. Use instead "oh, not this shit again."
Stories about turducken are old hat. This year's hip new entree is chimpsharktypus.
Be careful not to type "I BURIED PAUL" when you mean "cranberry sauce."
Our book, WRITE MORE GOOD, is the perfect gift for anyone you don't want to spend more than $15 on. http://t.co/VqRZi0NZ
"Anyone" takes a singular verb; "no one" takes a zeroingular verb.
Does your story have anything in it that will terrify an old person? If not, it needs another rewrite.
Be sure to differentiate between Newt Gingrich the politician and newt gingrich the newt disease. #GreatestHits
Only put one space after a period unless you're Jewish, in which case put an extra space for the prophet Elijah.
Tabloids! Headlines to consider for this week: "Do'hPa," "A big Pa-turd-o," "We trivialize everything."
We've started @FakeNNWMTips to help writers become NaNoWriMo successes like...umm... Well, maybe you can be the first! #nanowrimo
Put quotation marks around every mention of "Bible," just to see what happens.
Carry your legal and illegal liquid stimulants in one of our mugs, 30% off today only with code "VETERANSALE4." http://t.co/moIArVrH
Try not to choke on the irony when filing a widely syndicated article criticizing the liberal media.
CORRECTION: "American Horror Story" and "Jerseylicious" are actually two different shows. Adjust reviews accordingly.
#FF Offshoots and Friends of Fake AP: @FakeNNWMTips, @Important_Facts, and Copernicus Jones, a robot detective comic. http://t.co/u4TEUG7Q
A respectful tone is crucial in a good obituary. Ex: "The family asks for donations to charity." "Please, No High Fives."
"Write More Good" is the perfect one-size-fits-all gift if you can't be bothered to walk into a store. http://t.co/kL82Hwgz
In obits, make it unclear if the dead person is survived by people or pets: Dave is survived by Jane, Flopsy, George, and Mr. Barkelstein.
You really should have those Mickey Rooney and Ernest Borgnine obits ready to go out the door.
It's common to write obituaries for ailing celebrities ahead of time. Ensure timeliness and accuracy by giving them a little "push."
Need help with NaNoWriMo? Check in at @FakeNNWMTips for tips, tricks and hints to rocket you straight to the bottom of the slush pile.
Bureau Chiefs @theisb and @jdkrach have branched out into narrative journalism in "Dracula the Unconquered." http://t.co/MVmAJLCh
@MySecondEmpire @Esquiremag: It's "Holy shit, Tony The Russa retired!" We're all Americans here.
When the editor tries to bury a story on a Friday, make sure it's not on an Indian burial ground. #GreatestHits
When reporting on that army of flesh-ripping ghouls, make sure to clarify whether they are zombies or Ron Paul supporters.
For #FF, try our offshoots, affiliates and friends: @FakePewResearch, @FakeeEtiquette, @FakeCriterions, and our book. http://t.co/dlNL5Tnx
When counting the number of days until Halloween, the "Silver Shamrock" is implied.
@GreatDismal We have some opinions about the inclusion of the Interrobang in that list.
Sales of political Halloween masks give great insight into the important child and bank robber voting blocs.
Add an additional O to "spooky" to denote each supernatural aspect of an event, e.g. "Vampire ghost witches are spoooooky."
"Serial killer" is a multiple murderer. "Cereal Killer" is a novelty song we really regret downloading when we were drunk.
"Draculas" on first use, "those kids who hang out in the McDonald's parking lot listening to Bauhaus" on second.
Both "jack-o-lantern" and "jack o'lantern" are correct spellings. "Jacko lantern" is a rare jaw disorder.
If you don't like writing about the weather around here, just wait until the next paragraph.
"Gaddafi," "Gadafi," "Gadhafi" and other variants are all incorrect. Instead, go with "Gadaf the Beige." #GreatestHits
@bsginc You would not ask this question if you've ever seen how royalties work.
Bureau Chief Anna Neatrour will be speaking and signing books tonight in Salt Lake City. Your report is due tomorrow. http://t.co/r0eDtLZg
Today is the second anniversary of Fake AP Stylebook. The traditional gift is stacks of money. Or you can buy our book. http://t.co/l6jUcxCK
SALT LAKE CITY: Anna Neatrour will speak and sign copies of WRITE MORE GOOD Thursday. Attendance is mandatory. http://t.co/Tq1AEA8w
Front-page stories need to be unique, so put that raining frogs article on B1.
Prepare your readers for the upcoming ice age by listing the top ten ways they can use Jake Gyllenhaal to keep warm.
Our friends at @FakeCriterions are holding a fake cover design contest. More information here: http://t.co/Jf8AUpnQ
Save space by combining the weather with other stories: Ex: "Partly Cloudy With a Chance of Complete Economic Collapse."
Bureau Chief @tangognat will be speaking and signing copies of WRITE MORE GOOD in Salt Lake City this Thursday. http://t.co/qOEzmFtc
Congrats to Lisa Luke, who won a copy of WRITE MORE GOOD at last night's U of New Haven event. She'll now get an A+++++ on every assignment.
Unless you're doing a story on the Muppets, you are not a gonzo journalist.
@j_nb We have had shirts, buttons, aprons, bags, iPad cases and more for awhile. http://t.co/mtZ1NWPt
The phonetic spelling of "phonetic" is "fa-net-ik." This is also the definition of "ironic."
Science editors: There are no such things as "indigo children." The correct term is "Jedi."
All distances should be expressed in the standard journalistic unit, the football field.
Fortify your straw men with statistics from @FakePewResearch, our official research division.
@delrayser @lizzieohreally The correct term is now "dinklages."
Don't get the "America loses Jobs" story mixed up with the "America loses jobs" story on the same page.
"Terry Francona" on the first reference, "sacrificial goat" on subsequent references.
@contrarycomet There is no term for such a construction. That sort of thing has no label.
Use citrus adjectives to describe the physiques of baseball players: juiced, lime, fresh-squeezed, limoncello, Orangina.
It's October, which means you get your one allotted Bill Buckner reference for the year. Make it count.
If you enjoyed this weekend's #GreatestHits, consider picking up our book, WRITE MORE GOOD. Also available on Kindle. http://ow.ly/6KtDd
So as not to offend readers, use "the N-word" instead of "Nebraska." #GreatestHits
Do not be afraid to use exclamation points in your writing. They can sense fear. #GreatestHits
"Pop Tarts" is a trademark and should not be used to describe generic products such as Taylor Swift or Miley Cyrus. #GreatestHits
Only spell it "errbody" if literally every person in the club is gettin' tipsy. #GreatestHits
food pussy - Synonym for "mouth." Ex.: "The victim was punched repeatedly in the food pussy, police said." #GreatestHits
hell - But capitalize Hades. Lowercase philadelphia. #GreatestHits
Avoid using the word "gauche" in stories. It's uncouth.
There actually is an "I" in "team." It's hiding behind the "t."
@stuplatt Twitter's error. Try again.
@thuggie_life It's a good thing you're pretty.
@DexDynamo @FakePewResearch That makes it extra sexy, don't you think?
Acceptable. RT @LlwydenFG: What if we do follow you and still don't love you?
If you don't follow @FakePewResearch, there is a 98.7% chance you don't really love us.
Articles about TWO AND A HALF MEN should be written as if the show isn't getting canceled at the end of the season.
Never bury the lede. Cremation is the only way to make sure it's really dead.
@Celebr8nGenr8n Do not capitalize "john" in the context of prostitute clients, toilets or Sen. Kerry.
If you enjoyed our #GreatestHits, pick up WRITE MORE GOOD, with foreword by @EbertChicago. You'll barely regret it. http://ow.ly/6DKU3
The HOV lane is for vehicles carrying at least two passengers. The HOVA lane is for Jay-Z only. #GreatestHits
lawmakers - Often used interchangeably with "legislators," these are the people who physically smelt, forge and smith laws. #GreatestHits
Of the many possible synonyms for "toilet" that are available, "ass-go-round" is probably the least preferable. #GreatestHits
Yes, "defenestrate" is an excellent word, but only use it in birth announcements and obituaries if it's accurate. #GreatestHits
It is acceptable to refer to all court proceedings as a "trial," because seriously, you ever sat through one of those things? #GreatestHits
Throughout the weekend we will be posting some of our #GreatestHits. You are welcome.
Only use middle names and initials with people who are publicly known that way, e.g. George W. Bush, James Earl Jones, The Goddamn Batman.
Fashion writers: It is recommended to say something about "sublime etherealness" or "soft translucence" instead of "yep, boobs are showing."
Did you know @ebertchicago wrote the foreword to our book? Technically, that means one of our writers has won a Pulitzer. http://ow.ly/6CV7g
Avoid using the phrase "hot mess" in fashion articles unless the garments are made of chili cheese dogs.
@jfruh It's OK to call people from Massachusetts "Massholes" if you are a wikkid lahge hegnah.
taffeta - Either a woven fabric or a sound effect for distant machine-gun fire. Depending on the Project: Runway challenge, both.
Please reference @FakePewResearch for all of your statistical needs.
junk science - Genital studies.
The past tense of "Netflix" is "Netflucked."
In addition to our daily style tips, starting today we will be posting salient and topical statistical data at @FakePewResearch.
flying tackle - when a player on the field is hit square in the face by a miscast fishing line.
A football team is more than just a quarterback. Give attention to the running backs, shortstop, fluffer, seeker, and sous-chef.
false start - When the first quarter or so of a game is complete bullshit.
Dry/collect your tears with 15% off t-shirts and mugs until Sept. 25! Use coupon code TEEMUGSPROST - http://t.co/OAmGYZK
Make sure your op-ed about football building manly values in boys is well-illustrated with pictures of toned athletes in spandex.
Why not open up a second bottle of wine and click this link when you're halfway through? #WriteMoreGood http://ow.ly/6qsQ0
safety - When the ball carrier is tackled in his own end zone. strong safety - When this is done very well.
Troy Polamalu's last name is pronounced "Pall-Mall-for-smooth-flavor."
You could spend $500 on textbooks. Or you could spend $13 on our book and throw a kegger with the savings. http://ow.ly/6nMa1
If you're assigned a football story but don't know anything about sports, don't worry. Neither do the fucking refs.
Should the teams you picked end up losing, state that your "Pigskin Predictions" were taken out of context.
Running out of consumer goods to fill the void in your heart? Try our book, WRITE MORE GOOD. http://ow.ly/6mHNz
Reporters: keep your bourbon receipts. That is a tax-deductible business expense.
When writing about states' rights, be sure to cite relevant precedents. U.S. v. The Confederate States of America is especially relevant.
Frequently remind readers that climate change is only a theory, just like cell theory, kinetic theory and the theory of gravity.
Report deaths from a natural disaster accurately, even if you had a much higher number in the newsroom pool.
Report deaths from a natural disaster accurately, even if you had a much higher number in the newsroom pool.
Help the aspiring writer in your life get a jump start on crippling depression with our book, #WriteMoreGood. http://ow.ly/6fLKd
Denote hurricanes in magnitudes of Rock. For instance, Hurricane Irene is expected to measure 4 Rocks on the Scorpion Scale.
Soften the student loan blow with 50% off t-shirts, bags, mugs and stickers with code "BACKTOSCHOOL." Four hours only. http://t.co/2ZBd0gH
It's never too early for your political columnists to start speculating on the 2020 King of Hobomerica death-fight primaries.
We are also on Facebook. Please enter your sensitive data at: http://t.co/MYw6rkZ
When closing parentheses it's polite to post a sign saying when they will reopen.
Get a jump on paying off your j-school loans with 15% off everything in our store, today only, with code "STUDYINSTYLE." http://ow.ly/6bxgl
Our book is both more practical and cheaper to obtain than a college education. #WriteMoreGood http://ow.ly/6aSQI
It's only fair to call that crusty old dean for comment after Party House miraculously gets taken off double-secret probation.
Don't put the charming "first day of school" picture right next to the reports of apocalyptic doom.
Food columns should focus on readers' real questions, such as "What wine goes best with cat food and ramen?"
Wait until politicians put something silly in their mouth to take a picture of them. Keep a live squid on hand, just in case.
Warren Buffett is the wealthy industrialist. "Warren Buffet" is the all-you-can-eat restaurant run by superintelligent rabbits.
Slightly less obvious than a flask! 20% off mugs today and tomorrow! Coupon code DESKWEEKMUGS http://t.co/jNES8bW
Turn those empty newspaper boxes into a profit stream by charging your freelancers to live in them.
Avoid asking politicians "gotcha" questions such as, "where do you stand on the issues?" and "What is your record of accomplishments?"
Our book is proven to provide 33% more insulation than crumpled newspaper for your cardboard shanties. http://ow.ly/61Yw4
It's been a good run, but English language grammar and usage tips aren't needed anymore. We'll be tweeting in Mandarin starting next week.
You have three hours to save 50% on our tote bags with the code "STYLEBTSBAGS." Handy for carrying your shattered dreams! http://ow.ly/61Qx7
The correct spelling is "feudalism." Trust us, this will come in handy real soon.
Though it's tempting to look at the newspaper situation and fear becoming a hobo, be realistic. The rail industry is collapsing as well.
While it's true that the US has been downgraded to AA status, rumors of it being traded for a promising left-handed pitcher are unfounded.
Your think piece on the double-dip recession should include the terms "jobless cone," "lost savings sauce," and "oh god we're so hungry."
Capitalize Wall Street, lowercase walled street post-construction of the structure to keep out the torch carriers.
Don't forget your local elections this year, as whoever wins the mayoral race will most certainly run Bartertown.
Per congressional edict, "Tramp Stamp" now refers to the tattoo all US Citizens must wear to receive food rations.
For the next couple of weeks, be sure to have photogs stake out the sidewalks below local brokerage houses, just in case.
Hurry up and use the headline "From Kindle to Bindle" before someone beats you to it!
Congratulations on being unfrozen from a block of ice! Catch up on everything you missed with our book Write More Good! http://bit.ly/guV0YG
If writing about the debt ceiling debate--hey, it's Friday. You can probably still get some mileage out of Casey Anthony.
Deface your books and uniforms with half-off stickers and buttons NOW! 20% off all weekend. Use code FFHSAUGFLAIR - http://bitly.com/cOnE7Y
Format all dates like "January 1, 1901." Even dates that aren't January 1, 1901.
"i.e." before "e.g." except after et al.; c.f. "q.v." and o, f.u.
For a reasonable fee Mistress Dominique can teach your freelancers the importance of hitting deadlines with minimal bruising.
literally - Figuratively.
Did you know that a forward slash is sometimes called a "virgule"? Man, they got all kinds of shit on this Internet.
Put stories in the proper sections. For example, anything about Huey Lewis and the News goes in Sports.
Professional writers can PROBABLY count our book as a tax write-off? http://ow.ly/5PvQ9
Mix up your movie review headlines a bit: "BAM! POW! CRASH! Malick's TREE OF LIFE A Thoughtful Experience"
We are answering any and all questions about writing, editing and vampires at The Blood-Red Pencil, today only. http://t.co/wzF8mqi
The NFL lockout has ended. Please notify your readers that a sport WAY less boring than baseball is coming soon.
Today we will be answering questions at The Blood-Red Pencil. http://t.co/wzF8mqi Bring booze.
"GooglePlus" should only be used in cases of extreme enthusiasm, i.e. "the war against Eastasia is going GooglePlus well."
You are legally required to include a picture of a woman dressed as Slave Leia in your #SDCC article.
According to our hack of Gordon Brown's phone, he does have Prince Albert in a can, but he won't let him out.
Publishers: Dress nicely for your inevitable appearance in front of the government. A suit is preferable to your Sith Robes.
Don't be murdered.
Soak up that Saturday morning hangover with a free chapter from our book, WRITE MORE GOOD: http://t.co/WT3aoNg
The word "Web" is capitalized, because it is short for Webster, who is pretty short already.
A two-piece bathing suit is a "bikini." A three-piece suit is a "trikini." A four-piece suit is a "Bikini Quatro Xtreme with ComfortGlide™."
@wired @maxsidman After 10 p.m., the past tense of "to text" is "regretted." "I regretted Shelly last night. Now she'll never take me back."
Don't say "shan't."
Right now is a perfect example of how you are wasting your life by not reading our book, WRITE MORE GOOD. http://t.co/qw8dcjD
"SAM" in all caps should only be used when referring to Surface-to-Air Missles or Scott Bakula when you are Dean Stockwell.
If you must run a health article about masturbation, at least place it near the underwear ads. Cut a dude a break.
References to pop culture should resonate with your readers, so avoid mentioning any works released after 1972.
Cover your filthy torsos with our t-shirts and save 17.76% TODAY ONLY with the code "LANDOFTHETEE." http://t.co/nvwfu2H*
"Have sex with" is incorrect. The correct phrase is "have sex on," "have sex underneath," "have sex behind," and so on. #FAPSAfterDark
Replace the Oxford comma with the Yale comma. It's not as prestigious but still gets the job done.
The improper use of transitive verbs does not impress.
"Overhyphenate" - Do not hyphenate, despite all temptation.
If you're having trouble ending your story, introduce cute baby dragons! Bonus points if you work them into a bond levy story.
The Serenity Prayer should always be written in a mixture of Chinese and future-cussin'.
Save space on your international page by just writing "Crazy shit's happenin' pretty much all over," and moving on.
Only insert ", mon" after the second mention of Jamaica in a story.
In summer movie jargon, the phrase "tent pole" has nothing to do with your pants.
The modern newsroom must be fast and technologically competent. If you're not reading this, you're fired.
Since you can't afford to turn down free stuff, please attend @DaveExMachina's Thurs signing in NOLA. He has stickers! http://t.co/wlxyoxc
The camera brand is spelled "Canon," not "cannon." Our photographer's deepest apologies to Wilson High Class of 2011.
Journalists have a serious responsibility to their readers. Honor this by ensuring you have, in fact, identified Hollywood's Sexiest Legs.
Do you know what an Internet search history is? No? Well, neither does your congressperson. #ProTip
Yooooour cooooomppppputer is annnnn impooooortannnnnt tooooool. Keeppppp yooooou	keyyyyyboooooad cleannnnn.
Need a last-minute Feast of St. John of Tobolsk gift for that special someone? Try WRITE MORE GOOD. http://bit.ly/guV0YG
Thorough research is the key to quality reporting. Read the ENTIRE Wikipedia article before writing your story.
Words should only be hyphenated between syllables. We'll have to get back to you on what the hell a syllable is.
Let Bureau Chief @DaveExMachina stick something in your ear on today's @CallieCrossley show, starting at 1pm. http://bit.ly/holq9F
RT @CallieCrossley: Tomorrow: Springfield resident, @daveexmachina, one of the masterminds behind @FakeAPStylebook, joins us!
The universal unit for measuring sacrifice is the "latte."
TONIGHT, 7 p.m. Four Bureau Chiefs will be signing books at @parkroadbooks in Charlotte. Are you a bad enough dude to attend?
Adverbs should be used sparingly and for greatest impact, like your mom.
Bureau Chiefs will be signing WRITE MORE GOOD in Charlotte tomorrow and New Orleans in two weeks. There is no escape. http://bit.ly/kPl3zC
Typographers will tell you to eliminate widows and orphans. Typographers are MONSTERS.
The opposite of "didgeridoo" is either "didgeridon't" or "didn'tgeridoo."
NEW ORLEANS: Chief @DaveExMachina will be doing unspeakable things for beads at Octavia Books, June 16: http://bit.ly/kmUD4h
"Kill your darlings" refers to editing overwrought copy. Our apologies to the surviving family of Gotham City's Printon "Scoop" Presser.
To avoid being sued for copyright infringement, alter one letter in each word of quotes from literary works: "Carl mi Ishmail."
Note to sports editors: Soccer scores that total more than "2" are not errors. These games do actually happen.
Tonight in Northampton, MA, Bureau Chief @daveexmachina will be signing books. http://bit.ly/hflgne There will be a quiz afterward.
Misplaced modifiers are always in the last place you look.
NORTHAMPTON, MA: Chief @DaveExMachina will be signing books tomorrow. http://bit.ly/hflgne Don't correct him on the plural form of "LEGO."
Capitalize "Zamboni." "Zamboning" can remain lowercase, though.
SOUTH CAROLINA: Chiefs @theisb and @doctork100 will be signing books and hijacking recently emptied cars tomorrow. http://bit.ly/hflgne
Remember, the secret letter " " is invisible to anyone outside the Liberal Media. If your colleagues can't see it, KILL THEM. KILL THEM NOW.
Please enjoy this new excerpt from #WriteMoreGood on what makes a good wordsmith at @VisualThesaurus: http://ow.ly/4WzMr
You should be able to run your Stephen Hawking interview without any complaints next week.
Movie Reviewers: Don't give any movie the full five stars because that means "perfect" and only Meat Loaf is perfect.
Chiefs @theisb and @doctork100 will be signing books and answering Batman-related questions in South Carolina Saturday. http://bit.ly/hflgne
Remember to close your parentheses quickly, before hope escapes into the world.
You have five more days to purchase and enjoy WRITE MORE GOOD before the Rapture. http://bit.ly/guV0YG Not that any of YOU will be Raptured.
Conjoined sentences have two or more clauses. Once popular sideshow attractions, modern surgery make them rare.
capital/capitol - Always use a capital in Capitol unless you're talking about the capital for the capitals in the Capitol.
Since the SEO guy will rewrite your clever headline for the online edition, save time by just calling your story "Tits."
The abbreviation "QED" stands for the Latin phrase, "quod erat demonstrandum" which means, "FTW!"
Ending articles on diets with "Good luck, fatties!" is abusive and unnecessary, though completely hilarious.
Today the Bureau Chiefs instruct you in "How To Write an Acerbic Book Review," in @WIRED: http://bit.ly/lEo1dz
Please proofread your feature titles. We don't need more letters from people reminding us that Mothra's Day isn't until August.
Alabama: Bureau Chief @jdkrach will be all up in you signing copies of WRITE MORE GOOD on Saturday. http://bit.ly/hflgne
If you're missing attribution for a commencement address or graduation column, just throw Vonnegut's name on there.
Include the chance of finding a job in all graduation announcements. EX: Lawrence Kroger, Faber College, M.A., English Literature, 0.005%.
Be advised that for Montessori school graduations, pieces of felt are handed out instead of diplomas.
Note to journalism grads: You have to be laid off from a job to collect unemployment. What you're looking for are food stamps.
What internship pays the most nothing? These are now the important questions.
Don't assume you can walk into the New York Times and get a job cleaning toilets. You have to work as a features editor first.
This week, we will be giving helpful tips to j-school grads and those writing about them.
Dallas, Montgomery: Chiefs will be signing WRITE MORE GOOD and committing grammar-related misdemeanors this week. http://bit.ly/hflgne
CORRECTION: The proper spelling is "Osama was Ladin."
This is one of the few times you'll be able to print swears on your front page without getting letters. Have fun! Slip a 'fuck' in there!
Well, that's over. Time to switch the signs in British tabloid newsrooms from "fawning" to "vicious."
If you're not stocking up on Royal Wedding commemorative plates, why not buy our book, Write More Good? http://bit.ly/guV0YG #WriteMoreGood
If you're covering the Royal Wedding don't leave before the end, when the Queen produces and serves her delicious Royal Jelly.
Report that people not invited to the Royal Wedding were "stiffed," including Pres. Obama, Sarah Ferguson, and your mom.
Note that your "didn't we fight a war to get away from this bullshit" Royal Wedding editorial may not go over well.
Keep comparing Kate Middleton to Princess Diana. Every bride enjoys hearing how much she's like her mother-in-law.
Stories about Kate Middleton should mention that she comes from "common stock," even though her family is richer than shit.
Refer to Royal Wedding guests by full titles, e.g. Her Royal Highness Queen Elizabeth II; Ayatollah of Rock 'n' Rolla Chris Jericho I.
Make sure to cover both Prince William and his brother--fuck, what's the other one's name again? Clifford? We're pretty sure it's Clifford.
About 176,938 reporters are covering the Royal Wedding, or three for every person actually interested in the story.
Science writers especially will be interested in the research of The @Important_Facts From Leading Scientists Foundation Of The Earth.
Note: Burying a Good Friday story will not result in a miraculous Sunday Morning edition.
Thanks to that new movie, you no longer have to write around the fact that Easter bunnies shit jelly beans.
Save the arsenic spill at the Jelly Belly plant story for Monday. "PLAGUE STRIKES KINDERGARTEN" sells better than "Egg Hunt Goes Well."
Chicago and Dallas: Bureau Chiefs will be in the area defacing your property tomorrow and Saturday: http://bit.ly/hflgne
"Passover" is acceptable spelling, as is "Chpassoverah."
In this month's @WIRED, we instruct you in the art of writing a hatchet job. The iPad edition, free this month, contains a new book excerpt.
If reporters miss deadlines this week, just leave those column inches blank and tell everyone you're waiting for Elijah to file his story.
When writing about "Saturday Night Live," note that the five-years-ago sliding scale of "when it was good" no longer applies.
Let us deface your property: http://thebureauchiefs.com/2011/04/bureau-chief-signings/ #WriteMoreGood
"Gaddafi," "Gadafi," "Gadhafi" and other variants are all incorrect. Instead, go with "Gadaf the Beige." #GreatestHits
Running out of space? Just end abruptly with, "Only time will tell if this development resolves the issue."
Today, @Life pairs tips from our book, "Write More Good," with pictures from their legendary archive. http://bit.ly/gw0qaO #WriteMoreGood
"Sewage" is waste matter. "Sewerage" is more waste matter. "Sewestage" is the most waste matter.
The commonly accepted "Dead Words" are "Klaatu," "Verata," and "Nikto." #WriteMoreGood
RT @lunalindsey: @FakeAPStylebook Can you give us a list of so-called "Dead Words" so we, like, know what to avoid? #WriteMoreGood
And finally, our third winner:
@DelilahSDawson And how.
No. #WriteMoreGood
RT @aardrian: @FakeAPStylebook Shouldn't "WRITE MORE GOOD" be "WRITE MORE GOODLY" since "good" modifies the verb, making it an adverb?
@JoyOfSects Please contact us at fakeapstylebook@gmail.com so we can send you your book.
There are two acceptable euphemisms for the uterus: "Ark of the Covenant" or "Female Hysteria." #WriteMoreGood
RT @JoyOfSects: @FakeAPStylebook What is an acceptable euphemism for 'uterus' when writing to Congress?  #WriteMoreGood
We'll be taking questions for three hours, and then we will answer six of our favorites: three on Twitter, 3 on Facebook. #WriteMoreGood
Today we are giving away copies of our book, WRITE MORE GOOD. Ask us style questions and we'll pick the best ones as winners. #WriteMoreGood
.@flossymatt Describe the Law & Order sound -- "gavel banging on Sam Waterston's robot brain" -- rather than using onomatopoeia.
For those who missed it yesterday, we offer up less well-known newspaper nicknames: http://thebureauchiefs.com/?p=2752 #WriteMoreGood
You are also welcome to post your own suggested nicknames for newspapers and other publications. #WriteMoreGood #TheFakeLady
Today, we uncover nicknames for newspapers in the vein of the NYT's "Gray Lady." http://bit.ly/hkbMci #WriteMoreGood #TheFakeLady
The en-dash kills Dumbledore. #WriteMoreGood #Spoilers
The third letter of every tenth paragraph unlocks a secret message about the Mona Lisa's killer hummus recipe. #WriteMoreGood #Spoilers
Today, we will continue posting spoilers from our new book, "Write More Good." You are welcome to join in. #WriteMoreGood #Spoilers
If you missed it last night, we unveil the true story behind @FakeAPStylebook: http://bit.ly/eR1tIc #WriteMoreGood
NOW IT CAN BE TOLD: (Some of) The True Story behind @FakeAPStylebook: http://bit.ly/eR1tIc #WriteMoreGood
At the end you find out you gave money to a bunch of folks who are going to waste it on comic books. #WriteMoreGood #Spoilers
Turns out the "Oxford" comma never even graduated high school. #WriteMoreGood #Spoilers
The semicolon is a pretty heavy-handed Christ/talking lion metaphor. #WriteMoreGood #Spoilers
"Ampersand" is actually a sled. #WriteMoreGood
We encourage you to submit your own #WriteMoreGood spoilers.
To celebrate "Write More Good," available now, we will be posting spoilers for the book with the tag #WriteMoreGood. http://amzn.to/b4bNG4
Avoid the archaic term "lunatic." Specify whether the subject suffers from Hulkamania or Macho Madness. #GreatestHits
The correct plural of ocelot is oceshitload. Ocefuckton is vulgar and should be avoided. #GreatestHits
Typing in all capital letters is perceived to be shouting, so only do it when addressing foreigners or the elderly. #GreatestHits
To celebrate the release of WRITE MORE GOOD tomorrow, we will be posting a few more of our most useful style tips.
It's a shame. In the finale, the Chiefs wake up with Suzanne Pleshette in a jail that turns out to be the fantasy of an autistic child.
@AndrewJPlant "Grammarpunks." http://www.zazzle.com/thebureauchiefs
The bad news is, we've been canceled already. The good news is, this has the potential to make us even more popular than "Firefly."
We'd like to thank @SteveMartinToGo for signing on as the wacky foreign neighbor "Hami." Looking forward to working with you, Steve!
Who needs Shatner when you have Meat Loaf? Casting confirmed. RT @JustinCarinci: @FakeAPStylebook Keep Shatner away.
RT @NikkiFinke @FakeAPStylebook Signs Production Deal With @CBS. Details Coming...
While it's tempting to call them "baristi" because of the Italian roots, the plural of "barista" is "journalism majors." #GreatestHits
Always remember to close all parentheses. We're not paying to air condition the entire paragraph. #GreatestHits
It is unethical to get involved in a sexual relationship with a source, so after this next time it is seriously over. #GreatestHits
When interviewing American Idol contestants, try not to let your crushing despair show in the final product. #GreatestHits
In case you missed it last night, we exposed grammar's dirty little secret on the @WSJIdeasMarket blog: http://on.wsj.com/i4EGtk
With the help of @WSJIdeasMarket, we have exposed Grammar's Dirty Little Secret: http://on.wsj.com/i4EGtk
Remember what happens when you assume. Frankly, you save yourself a lot of work. #GreatestHits
@shelbywebb Your efforts are wasted, as dogs cannot read.
The plural of "vagina" is "vaginas." The plural of "penis" is gross, nobody wants to read about that. #GreatestHits
there/their/they're - What, seriously? This confuses you? #GreatestHits
This week we will be sharing some of our best tips in anticipation of our book WRITE MORE GOOD, available April 5th. http://bit.ly/eSZs7k
REMINDER: If you want to learn how to do all the things, you need only consult @thecontentfarm. http://thecontentfarm.net
The antecedent for "she" in "that's what she said" is generally understood to be "your mom." #GreatestHits
We are running some of our best style tips in anticipation of our book's release April 5. Read the sample chapter here: http://bit.ly/eSZs7k
Do not be afraid to use exclamation points in your writing. They can sense fear. #GreatestHits
Stories that contain any combo of dirtbikes, robots, bikini girls, explosions or chimps are PAGE 1 ABOVE THE FOLD, BABY. #GreatestHits
Use quotation marks to express skepticism: Cher’s “Farewell Tour,” Creed’s “Best Album,” Jay Leno’s “comedy.” #GreatestHits
Affect is verb: "The songs of Liza Minnelli affected the crops." Effect is noun: "Behold the effect Liza has on the corn!" #GreatestHits
Dates should be formated as MM/DD/YY except for the years 1990 through 1992, which should be denoted in "Hammer Time." #GreatestHits
Never use words coined by Tyra Banks. She doesn't need any encouragement. #GreatestHits
In honor of our book's upcoming release on April 5, we will be re-tweeting some of our most popular advice.
To be clear, we like "Desdemona" a lot, which is making us reconsider the superiority of "Barometer Soup" over "Banana Wind." Conflicted.
Just remembered "Desdemona's Building a Rocket Ship" is also on "Banana Wind." We may have to rethink this. More later.
Sure, "Bob Roberts Society Band" makes "Banana Wind" a worthy entry all on its own, but you can't beat "Bank of Bad Habits."
@jamina1 No matter how one spells it, it is pronounced "do you want the canned goods in a separate bag?"
Yes, honor the classics like "Cheeseburger," always. But "Ballad of Skip Wiley" is as fun as anything Buffett has ever done.
If we had to decide, our favorite Jimmy Buffett album is probably "Barometer Soup."
Buy our book, WRITE MORE GOOD, to support our baby. ("Baby" is what we call the swaddled bourbon bottle in our drawer.) http://bit.ly/guV0YG
"ex-gay" - don't use quotes if you want to avoid getting letters, but c'mon, that totally deserves quotes.
March Madness began this week, so Sunday would be a great time for your A1 health center about the humors.
Read a chapter of our book, WRITE MORE GOOD, scheduled for release approximately three days before the death of print. http://bit.ly/eSZs7k
.@atomicruckus Only capitalize "danish" when Danes are used for the filling. See also "english muffin."
Be sure to differentiate between Newt Gingrich the politician and newt gingrich the newt disease.
unemployment insurance: what you won't be getting now that all reporters are classified as "freelancers."
.@zoozees The past tense of "LOL" is "laughed aloud." Specifically, about 15 years in the past.
Preview and preorder WRITE MORE GOOD, the book critics say will give you almost nothing to "meh" about: http://bit.ly/eSZs7k
Like the best drug dealers, we offer you one chapter of our book, free. The rest will cost you. http://bit.ly/eSZs7k
You may ask the Bureau Chiefs questions about style tips, the upcoming WRITE MORE GOOD, or boy troubles on Reddit: http://bit.ly/ebHQuv
Only use passive voice when... you know what? Text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10 to the international relief fund for Japan.
@Infinity_X The plural of "Macho Man" is "Tag Team Champions Forever."
Today @thecontentfarm makes journalistic integrity a moot point with the launch of http://www.thecontentfarm.net/.
Mentally ill people should be treated with sensitivity and respect, unless they're hilarious celebrities. Then: Game on!
We will appear on a panel next week with @APStylebook, @BPGlobalPR, and others at something called "Sexsaw." http://apne.ws/i1aeKj
Due to accusations of sizeism, Fat Tuesday shall henceforth be referred to as "Full-Figured" or "Rubenesque" Tuesday.
All criminal stories referring to a "manhunt" should be changed to "humanhunt." If the killer is mad about the writer, then "HelenHunt."
Only one space after a period, unless it's my wife's period, in which case you want as much space as possible, am I right, guys?
Stick it to the man with 50% off stickers and pins; use coupon code FFHSSHAMROCK until 4PM EST: http://bit.ly/cOnE7Y
We will compose a scathing letter to TinyURL for not working for all of you. http://thebureauchiefs.com/2011/03/pre-fab-book-reviews/
For the busy book critic, we have some prefabricated blurbs for our upcoming release, WRITE MORE GOOD: http://tinyurl.com/4gf28ta
"Under way" is always two words, except, you know, when people say it.
The plural of "pegasus" is unnecessary, since there's no such thing as one, much less multiples, and maybe you should grow up.
Conjunction Junction - The intersection of two eye infections. Rinse with saline solution and see your ophthalmologist.
Always qualify a unique thing's uniqueness: "very unique," "somewhat unique," "uniquely unique."
Use the mehxclamation point, ¡, to show how unexciting something is. Example: Eventually, the snail race began¡
"Gaddafi," "Gadafi," "Gadhafi" and other variants are all incorrect. Instead, go with "Gadaf the Beige."
Ex-Presidents Day: Commemorates the service of Johnny Utah, who historically ended the rampant outbreak of surfing bank robbers.
President's Day Off - When Obama finally catches up on "Boardwalk Empire."
Presidents Day - Third Monday in February. Dead Presidents Day - Pay day.
"The book Leo Tolstoy would have written if he was 17 jerks on the Internet," says one critic. Pre-order our book now. http://bit.ly/guV0YG
It may be necessary to explain to your younger readers that Mubarak is not a Pokemon.
In today's Bureau Chiefs poll, we want your opinion of Lady Gaga's new single "Express Yourself." http://bit.ly/e2sjrG
local news peg - what the local news hat and local news coat are hung upon.
The plural form of Batman is "Batmen." "Batmans" is the present tense of the verb "to Batman."
"Luv U." http://twitpic.com/3zwagx
"Kiss Me." http://twitpic.com/3zvr3u
Substitute consumerism for human contact with 14.02% off all our products using the "IHEARTZAZZLE" code. http://bit.ly/cOnE7Y Today only.
"Hot Stuff." http://twitpic.com/3zttbn
For Valentine's Day, we will be correcting common errors found on candy hearts. http://twitpic.com/3zskgr
Headline writers: Situation in Egypt for popular uprising, "Situation" in Egypt for "Jersey Shore" cast member's Arabic ab workout video.
If you abbreviate the character name to "Dr. Who," nerds will get upset. But are nerds ever NOT upset?
"Magic" for entertaining tricks. "Magick" for genuine spellcasting. "Magicqk" for seriously, really real spellcasting. Why are you laughing?
Before installing a paywall on your newspaper's web content, ask yourself this question: Is my résumé up to date?
To be part of Internet Media 2.1, some of the Bureau Chiefs have opened @thecontentfarm for your perusal. http://thecontentfarm.tumblr.com/
Snowphie's Choice - Deciding between writing another article about the winter storms or another article about Charlie Sheen.
.@JeffParker: A "sextape" is a video tape depicting a sex act; "sex tape" is like duct tape, but dirtier.
Johnson Administration - presidency of Lyndon Johnson, 1963-69; "johnson administration" - something Brett Favre doesn’t do well.
"To be" verbs are the most irregular in the English language. Keep your usage of them clear and simple, e.g. "Darkseid is."
A group of Bureau Chiefs has opted to make a few extra pennies at @thecontentfarm. Suck on that, journalistic integrity!
You may cite "unnamed sources" when reprinting rumors from Gawker or TMZ. Perez Hilton is still "sources close to."
"Decimate" when referring to killing one in ten. "Octomate" when referring to the cephalopod dating site.
You can't libel the dead, so feel free to go to town on William Howard Taft.
For good headlines, write stories on topics that rhyme with a subject's name: "Rahm bomb," "Obama drama," "Boehner pronunciation unclear."
crisscross - Never hyphenate, unless describing an elaborate murder plot in which two gentlemen attempt to trade their victims.
Celebrities promoting alt-med therapies should be listed in descending order of deaths caused.
.@BadderHomes Richard Bag (1792 - 1838) and his brother Douchamps were noted explorers, and also fucking assholes.
Print the names of all kids who win things so relatives don't complain. Also, never print any child's name because that's dangerous.
Alcohol is prohibited at the copy desk. Keep it in the loading dock, break room, publisher's office or restrooms where it belongs.
"Global warming" is an inaccurate and misleading term. Instead use "magic voodoo."
Remember, WikiLeaks' use of confidential sources is different from yours because it just IS, okay.
A slash indicates that two different words are appropriate in a particular context. Slash indicates Kirk and Spock's special love.
Snooki - A billiards-like sport originating in the 19th century involving many red balls.
Metallica - Be sure to differentiate between their good music and songs not on "Master of Puppets."
The plural of "Prius" is "Puppies." (@Toyota, we accept PayPal.)
.@CatRey "Canceled" the first time, "cancelled" after basic cable has a go at it.
In a phone interview, it is bad etiquette to ask "What are you wearing?" The correct form is "What are you wearing, PLEASE?"
It is actually illegal to do a story on technology trends without asking where flying cars are.
While a tone of general levity is appropriate for captions on photos, please avoid them in the obituary section.
media platform - Often mistaken for the singular "medium." Refers to a surface which is highly polished but structurally unsound.
Be sure to list which groups will be offended by the works on display in your coverage of local art shows.
Remember what happens when you assume: you save yourself a lot of work.
Don't just make the resolution. Google some clock tower locations right now.
This year we resolve not to release any information not approved by those in power. Again.
Consider retiring the phrase "America's Oldest Teenager" out of respect for Lindsey Lohan.
Avoid the vulger phrase "ball drop." Substitute "glittery gonad descent" instead.
Remember to hold all actual important news for your year-end "stories we missed" feature.
Avoid using "theretofore." Use "at the clock-stroke of the appointed hour in this year of our Lord."
"Lego" is the plural. The singular is "Legum."
Use English measurement units to avoid confusing readers: "The suspect was four cubits, eight barleycorns in height."
You can stop running that response to Virginia's letter about Santa. She's probably dead by now.
Christmas is the one time a year when you're explicitly allowed to print stories lying to children. Don't waste it.
Shaking your presents to figure out what's in them does not count as "investigative reporting."
You know what? Go ahead and put "Happy Holidays" in your Christmas edition. You're going to get letters anyway.
Simulate a white Christmas for your readers by randomly adding asterisks to your copy.
Charities only ever do anything around Christmas, so limit coverage on them to mid-to-late December.
"Now I Have a Machine Gun: Ho Ho Ho" is not an acceptable headline for the drunken mall Santa rampage story.
Journalists embedded with military units for the War On Christmas should look out for flying shards of misplaced outrage.
References to pop culture should resonate with your remaining readers, so avoid mentioning any works released after 1982.
You do not "log in," you "jack in" to the Matrix.
foreign correspondent - Someone who mails you a letter from another country, like when Aunt Hildy sends you a postcard from Bora Bora.
Articles about MySpace should probably include its URL, since, you know, people have probably forgotten by now.
If possible, avoid revealing D-Day operation code names in your daily crossword.
Redistribute printing costs and court younger readers by marketing Braille editions as "3D."
Package your newspaper with incentives to lure new readers, such as wrapping it around a delicious hoagie.
Fashion writers: Declare to your readers that cerise is "the new black." Laugh and collect your check from the powerful Cerise Lobby.
Do not simply attribute vigilante activity in the community to Batman. Check to see if grinning fish were involved first.
In dreidel games, the "gelt" won is normally candy, not Christian babies. We're looking at you, Centerville Times.
Hanukkah is less central to the Jewish faith than Christmas is to Christianity. So no, Saul, you're not getting a Kinect.
They're not quite socks, but our shirts are $6 off today with coupon code JINGLESALE28 - http://bit.ly/cOnE7Y
Sorry, but running an eight-part retrospective on Han Solo for Hannukah is kind of pushing it.
Run out of tape to hold your portfolio together? Our stickers are 60% off today with coupon code JINGLESALE42 - http://bit.ly/cOnE7Y
Hannukah has many accepted spellings: "Chanukah," "Hannukah," and "Eight Nights When Mommy Doesn't Sleep Over Uncie Glenn's"
All references to Judah Maccabee should contain his full name, Judah Mack Daddy Maccabee.
Try to include as many coupons for socks as possible in this week's papers.
Judah Maccabee is the central figure of the Hanukkah story and not, as we just learned, a kosher coconut cookie.
When looking to illustrate Hanukkah stories, be very careful about image searches involving "candles", "oil", and "dreidels."
Why are you running anything BUT Hannukah stories?  This isn't the Gentile-Run Media, now is it?
URGENT TO EDITORS: Cancel all urban lifestyle articles. We have to get on top of this tweenster (tween hipster) rage we just made up.
Remember, your Hannuakah-to-Christmas-story ratio is the same as it is for neighborhood light setups: 1 for every 34,586.
Since many Americans don't know what Hanukkah is about, consider explaining that [have Toby find out what the hell Hanukkah's about].
Honor your Jewish readers by doing a search-and-replace for "Christmas" and throwing an "and Hanukkah" in there.
Stories on reality TV shows and their stars should only be submitted electronically so your editor can't see your tears of shame.
Byline - Name and position of article author. Bi-line - How men try to talk their girlfriends into a threesome.
So as not to offend readers, use "the N-word" instead of "Nebraska".
DID YOU KNOW: Today is the last day to save at our store and enter our contest. http://bit.ly/cu8ZAw
A fact that is contrary to the misconceptions of the majority of your readers is "opinion," and should be avoided.
Turducken stories are out of date. This year's hot trend is turducklambhamcowen.
Don't waste time with detailed listings of Thursday's football games. Just print "FOOTBALL ON TV" and be done with it.
You know, "yam" is one letter away from "yum." That ought to take care of most of the headlines in your Food section.
Make sure you include "TURN OVEN ON" in turkey recipes. We got complaints last year.
Do not use the phrase "remove giblets," as it is offensive. Instead, use "fisting a turkey."
Run stories about white people concerned about being overrun by illegal immigrants alongside kids' accounts of the first Thanksgiving.
Just one week remains for you to humiliate yourself in public for the entertainment of shadowy style guideistas. http://bit.ly/cu8ZAw
You may want to run that "CRANBERRIES: AMERICA'S SILENT KILLER" story before Thursday.
All merchandise 20% off all weekend with coupon code ALLFFHSDEALS - http://bit.ly/cOnE7Y - The time to get your gravy mug is NOW!
Spend all your buy-out money at our four-hour, 50%-off sale - http://bit.ly/cOnE7Y - use coupon code ALLFFHSDEALS (and 20% off all weekend!)
Before submitting your story about Batman or Superman, make sure it's not an imaginary story.
There are four important rules for interviewing. Make sure you know them.
habeas corpus - a phrase used by powerful magician-lawyers to conjure doves and guilty verdicts.
Just 12 days remain to shame yourself publicly (and save at our store) in our contest. http://thebureauchiefs.com/contest/
You can replace comic strips that are ending with strips created this century, or just run more ads for used cars. Your call.
raise/rays/raze - Black Manta raised his head, shot rays from his helmet and proclaimed "Aquaman, I will raze your underwater kingdom!"
Use clever pseudonyms to disguise the identities of gossip column subjects, e.g. "that guy, from the thing. You know the one."
nitty-gritty - Always use a hyphen, unless referring to wildly popular dirt bands.
Save time by writing one article about a movie for geeks under-performing at the box office and just change titles as needed.
Use curly braces only for stories about barbershop quartets and moustache competitions.
Display, personify or show off your favorite FakeAPStylebook tweet to win fabulous(ish) prizes. http://thebureauchiefs.com/contest/
REMEMBER: The death of newspapers may also cause the deaths of pinatas, lazy people's wrapping paper and many hamster habitats.
Conspicuously bad dangling participles are referred to as "pendulous hairy dangling participles."
Bureau Chiefs Poll: How much more media coverage should the Tea Party receive? http://bit.ly/9lWSph
Don't use "nerd" to describe geeks. Apparently there's a difference, but who cares, WHO'S READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL!?
second reference - On second reference, use "el referencio numero dos," "the sequel," "two: the revenge."
spadea - An unbound sheet containing advertisements. Named for the sound a reader makes when it falls into their lap.
You still have two weeks to make something of your terrible, wasted life in our contest. http://bit.ly/cu8ZAw
Majuscule - The difference between important shit and Really Important Shit.
You can expect to find an independent clause in various North Pole singles bars on Christmas Eve.
It is inappropriate to describe someone as "batshit crazy" unless that person really is just plain nuts about guano.
Also, engage in filthy consumerism and get 10% off anything in our store with code "FAKEAPZAZZLE" through November. http://bit.ly/cOnE7Y
Display, wear, or interpret your favorite FakeAPStylebook tweet and win fabulous, potentially disgusting prizes: http://bit.ly/cu8ZAw
horseradish - having a quality similar to the radioactive levels of a horse.
Yes, your editor has heard the joke about ending sentences with prepositions. That's why your last byline was credited to Ghrrsk Traldk.
seasons: Lowercase spring, summer and winter. Use uppercase for Fall: Presented by Monsanto.
Be sure to ask winning candidates the tough questions, such as, "Your supporters: Do you thank them?"
"Voting for a Democrat" on first reference, "voter fraud" on subsequent mentions.
As always, direct your questions about online etiquette to @FakeeEtiquette. Lord knows you need to.
No, college newspapers, students are not voting on whether or not they have to take midterm exams.
As a public service, list local polling places so readers know which streets will be free of traffic.
Hotel and Restaurant Employees and Bartenders International Union - spell out the more familiar acronym Haareaabeeyeeuuu.
In order to improve the world's supply of self-insertion fan-fiction, we bring you @FakeNNWMTips, your guide to surviving NaNoWriMo.
Due to reader complaints, articles about newly discovered animals should no longer comment on how they taste as burgers.
"They Live" to describe a disguised-alien attack, "Them Live!" for the giant-ant-starring off-Broadway show.
The song is "Dem Bones", not "Them Bones." Thems don't have bones.
Do not use the phrase "Us vs. Them" unless referring to the landmark 1957 Supreme Court case against invading giant ants.
One group of giant ants is "Them," multiple groups is "Thems."
Use "Them" when referring to giant ants, "Those" for giant bees, "These" for giant crabs, "Dem" for New Yorkers, "Nem" for Philadelphians.
When using pronouns for persons of unknown gender, "him or her" is acceptable.  "Them" is reserved for giant ants.
Maximize revenue by inserting ads into headlines: ED'S SPORTS BAR REMAINS FREE OF HEADLESS CORPSE, UNLIKE RIVER.
When writing about Senators, use "D" for Democrats, "R" for Republicans, "I" for independents, and choose one at random for Joe Lieberman.
A photograph is worth more than a thousand words. Especially a photograph of at least 1001 words.
@DeniseBarkhurst You may start attributing quotes to speechwriters as	soon as editors start showing up in bylines. So, never.
The Bureau Chiefs would like to remind you of their esteemed contest. http://thebureauchiefs.com/contest/
When writing about Kanye West, please realize that you’re just encouraging him.
definitely/defiantly -  "I'm definitely not going to follow that order!" said the man in the red shirt defiantly.
Reporting on your own superheroic activity while in your secret identity as a reporter is an ethics violation, MR. KENT.
Do not place a newspaper’s name in quotes unless they have switched to exclusively publishing online.
To celebrate our anniversary, through November 25, get 10% off any and all store purchases with code "FAKEAPZAZZLE." http://bit.ly/cp1MBJ
Celebrate a year of FAPSing by entering our first annual ANNIVERSARY CONTEST! http://thebureauchiefs.com/contest/
The National Association for the Advancement of Mustaches informed us that Sam Elliott's name is spelled with two T's. Our apologies.
Use only plural pronouns to refer to Sam Elliott, as the mustache is legally its own person.
Avoid long, labyrinthine sentences, as they can harbor ferocious minotaurs.
If you include a table in your article, make sure there are enough chairs for everyone.
Johannesburg - Stands alone in datelines. Where you will be sent when the paper folds and you are out of luck, work.
If you cannot read the sentence to at least five newsroom staffers without them giggling, replace "pantyhose" with "stockings."
Halloween is approaching, so feel free to dust off those stories about razor blades in apples and pins in candy bars.
mature - Book, movie and television review terminology indicating a work that deals responsibly with sensitive themes like tits and blood.
Always indicate the scale of a natural disaster by telling readers how many adorable baby animals it is likely to kill.
Though Congress is divided along partisan lines, give equal coverage to the "shirts vs. skins" conflict that forms during the summertime.
Evermore supplant prosaic lexemes with heteromorphic cognitions.
Do not simply write that an official is laying "in state." Be specific: What kind of state? Death? Arousal? Kentucky?
phone numbers: Use proper numbering. 215-421-5170 is two-hundred-fifteen four-hundred-twenty-one five-thousand-one-hundred-seventy.
Do not use square brackets unless you're writing about Pat Boone or Al Gore.
A Good News/Bad News approach to headlines is a must for finicky readers: HAPPY KITTENS PLAY AS FIRES RAGE ACROSS 12 STATES.
Online stories should be set in Comic Sans to watch wanna-be designers get amazingly red in the face.
Politeness should overrule professionalism if you're thinking of photo-editing a person's tattoo.
Do not hyphenate "homeschool." See also: homestead, homeboy, homeslice.
Articles on autism should emphasize that while the causes are unclear they're probably whatever a celebrity mom claims them to be.
N-word - Use in place of, well -- that one. You know? With the... um... well... just try to, uh... Yeah. *cough*
Exploit national holidays in style by saving 14.92% on ALL store purchases through Monday with code "1492COLUMBUS." http://bit.ly/cOnE7Y
Always take a psychic's claims about helping authorities solve crimes at face value, because, really, why would they lie?
Bureau Chiefs Poll: How are you celebrating the end of the recession?: poll by twiigs.com http://bit.ly/9x8HlO
peasant - Seen as derogatory. Don’t use in relation to farm laborers. OK for third-shift copy editors, though.
Never diagram a sentence when under the influence of alcohol or strong narcotics, even if it IS hilarious.
"Enormity" means "monstrous wickedness," not "bigness." Go ahead and use it in that article on David Duchovny's penis, anyway.
Use "gray" to describe the color, "grey" to describe the hue.
Correct terms for food chain competitions: "Burger War," "Taco Revolution," "Seafood Slapfight," "Hot Dog Jousting."
Dungeons & Dragons should not be referred to as "satanic." All the Satanists are playing World of Warcraft now.
All stories about director Wes Anderson should be set in Futura and have a Kinks song on the soundtrack.
Don't worry if you put an exclamation point before the end of a sentence. It happens to every man sooner or later.
@jessnevins Use "widdle" only as the third step on the Klaus-Dursen scale, after "eensy" and "bitsy."
Do you hate your readers? Put asterisks in your stories that don't lead to any footnotes.
Do not use NAA to refer to the Newspaper Association of America. Use it to indicate that Noodles Are Awesome.
"Tortuous" means "twisty"; "torturous" means "painful, like torture." Both describe the next M. Night Shyamalan film.
On your CV add "managing" to all job titles: managing editor, managing freelancer, managing that skeezy adult store off I-90.
While maximizing ad space is vital, it is considered tacky to publish the religion pages as cruciform manuscripts.
Pap test - the common medical procedure to determine fitness to become a grandfather.
Change the datelines of your articles to 8/67/5309. Tommy Tutone needs some love.
Make sure all those stupid Internet service names with missing vowels are in your spellcheckr.
If a reader wants a nine letter word for "sandwich shop" beginning with 7, you've mixed up the Sudoku and Crossword images again.
If you use an iPhone to conduct a phone interview with Bill Gates, he will know. And he will GET YOU.
Write about the new fall TV shows with starry-eyed optimism. Maybe this will be the Year Of Detroit 1-8-7!
While a Representative may be located in Bumfuckistan, his district probably has a more formal name you should use instead.
"Controversial" is a legal term meaning "probably wrong, but we can't be bothered to check."
Stories about women working in traditionally male fields should emphasize their hotness.
The correct spellings are as follows: Getaway. Get-together. Getcha-some.
ORLY: A French town. YARLY: How often pirates go to Orly. NOWAI: Shouldn't eat past midnight. YAWAI: One of the 9 billion names of God.
Journalists have a serious responsibility to their readers. Honor this by ensuring you have, in fact, identified Hollywood's Sexiest Legs.
Don't worry if you use an en-dash instead of an em-dash. There are pills for that now.
Our mugs are 20% off today and tomorrow with coupon code FFHS50OFFRRM - http://thebureauchiefs.com/store/ - Don't be hung over without one!
Don't you think you should be getting your editor some goddamn coffee instead of reading Twitter?
From noon to 4PM EST today, get 50% off our 100% factual mugs with coupon code FFHS50OFFRRM - http://thebureauchiefs.com/store/
Never debunk the crazy conspiracy theories of people who write letters to the editor. You don't want to get letters from those people.
Reminder to Journalists: The One World Government "Libcoins" you are paid in can only be converted to cash at your nearest UN branch.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: What is your favorite not to give? http://bit.ly/9kb5ou
vox pop - short for "vox populi," a Latin phrase meaning "get reactions from people who don't know what they're talking about."
paradigm shift - Feeding the parking meter 20 cents.
Circulation tip: Typos and incorrect facts in stories create an audience who will keep coming back to look for retractions.
If you have a ladder first and then a farmer later, the ladder is the former and the farmer is the latter.
If you can't find the source of a quote, attribute it to Kurt	Vonnegut, Einstein, Dorothy Parker, or H. L. Mencken and move on.
Reserve huge headlines for momentous occasions such as wars, moon landings, or Superman judging a marbles tournament.
Spell out the words "less than three" to avoid confusion with things you totally heart.
Limit coverage of local churches to the “Religion” section unless Quran burning is involved. Then give them the whole paper.
"Rape" is a green, leafy vegetable, similar to lettuce, but the Farmer's Market offers other produce they'd prefer you mention instead.
Use only one space after a period, never two. Menstruation's not contagious, fellas.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: Who will be the next celebrity to “come out”? (Note, poll originally ran in 1990) http://bit.ly/dBSmxg
Stories that contain any combination of dirtbikes, robots, bikini girls, explosions or chimps are PAGE 1 ABOVE THE FOLD, BABY.
Examine the anonymous commenters on your online articles. You may uncover a judge, tweaker, bored 13-year-old, or squirming grub.
The correct plural forms are as follows: surgeons general, brothers-in-law, Spiders-Man.
The correct plural of ocelot is oceshitload. Ocefuckton is vulgar and should be avoided.
Only use "mummy" in place of "mommy" if your subject is genuinely a brainless pyramid-dweller or British as hell.
"Data" is plural, which is yet another reason why Star Trek: The Next Generation sucks.
The correct spelling is "syzygy."  Now go back to your ELP albums and leave us alone.
When interviewing Tim Curry, resist to urge to shout "SAY IT!!!" during any pauses.
astroturfing - Using the internet to fake a popular movement. Also, $50 extra at the massage parlor in Chinatown.
The past imperfect third-person infinitive passive verb tense should be used only in Latin.
Restrict usage of "portzebie," "furshlugginer," and "FWADDAPP!" to articles about MAD Magazine and profiles of senators.
Avoid repeating common myths: we only use 10% of our brains, drink 8 glasses of water a day, man landed on the moon.
Roman numerals are neither Roman nor numeric. They're, like, letters, right? Are we the only ones seeing this?
Use care when receiving information from unsolicited sources via email. Prodigy.com and Compuserve.com addresses are usually safe.
citizen journalism - a good way to save $25,000 on an editor for the online edition.
Officially, we do not quote anonymous sources. Unofficially, no one can prove we didn't interview Fergus McGoolidangle.
Since addicts need reminding: Our mug sale (15% off with code "BTSRULE5MUGS") ends Sunday. http://www.zazzle.com/thebureauchiefs*
Do not use quotes inside quotes inside quotes; you'll get lost if you go that deep into the sentence.
Always remember, an anagram for "newspaper ombudsman" is "mumps worsen a bedpan."
Include plenty of rainbows and unicorns when writing your	organization's marketing plan. Everybody loves rainbows and unicorns.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: Who Runs Bartertown? http://thebureauchiefs.com/2010/08/bureau-chiefs-poll-who-runs-bartertown/
If you would like to see us alongside other legit organizations like @BPGlobalPR at South by Southwest, please say so: http://bit.ly/ddMJL6
Articles on pop culture revivals should never contain the phrase "remember the first time you paid for this shit?"
jail - Not interchangeable with prison, marriage, 4-H bake sale beat.
Despite what your nerdy copy editor may have told you, Latveria and Stankonia are not members of the G20.
A review of a magician's performance should not call for the burning of the sorcerer, BURN HIM.
The proper pronunciation of "URL" is--oh, just use "link" and make it easier for everyone, for fuck's sake.
To enable your crippling addiction to "coffee," our mugs are 15% off through Saturday with code "BTSRULE5MUGS.". http://bit.ly/cOnE7Y
A "dik-dik" is a tiny East African antelope. It is now legal to mention it in print in Massachusetts and Vermont.
Strunk & White sure were a couple of dicks, weren’t they?
Most readers won't follow a story if it continues inside. Try to entice them with candy or a new video game, then break out the roofies.
melon baller - Not an actual object. Your reporters are just trying to slip something dirty in there.
It is perfectly acceptable to split an infinitive, especially if you haven't brought enough for everybody.
Academic departments are lowercase unless there is a proper noun: English department, department of history, Batmanology.
Foreign reporters on assignment in Arizona should be aware that they are not being asked for clippings of their previous articles.
A mantel is a shelf above a fireplace. A Mantle was a horrible, horrible drunk who played baseball.
Use “-ass” to intensify an adjective: a weak-ass excuse, a big-ass truck, a Pinteresque-ass play.
Avoid orphans in your writing. Stray words at the ends of paragraphs are pathetic, as are grubby parentless children.
policymaker/haymaker - One is the head of the City Council hearing you're covering. You'll see the other if the meeting turns awesome.
To settle the ages-old newsroom debate: Draculas always beat Frankensteins. Frankensteins beat wolfmen. Wolfmen beat mummies.
dean's list - Lowercase, for honors students. Dean's shit list - Lowercase, for those guys at Delta House.
internet - Wires and something? We're looking into it.
Always send a trusted authority figure to cover an event for children, such as a clergyman, youth group leader or Congressman.
Holocaine - Use in stories about drug use within William Shatner's Tek World series of novels.
The phrase "hands are tied" is cliché; restrict usage to BDSM scene coverage.
Avoid using partial quotes unless the quote is mostly filler words, coughing or opinions about The Simpsons and Family Guy.
Always remember the 'e' in the middle of "manageable" - It stands for "efficincy."
Let us observe a moment of silence to pay tribute to the IBM Selectric.
plural possessive - when key parties go wrong.
You may only use the word impact as a verb if you are discussing an unfortunate condition of the lower intestines.
A "Homo erectus" is an extinct hominid. A "homo erectus" is a gay Italian construction worker.
Op-ed: May only be written by men named Ed who wear vintage 1980s surfer clothing.
voters - The unwitting victims of the Electoral College's mind-control experiments.
The irresponsible spending of your paycheck begins at our store, with 15% all shirts including our new design: http://bit.ly/cp1MBJ
When interviewing third-party candidates, try not to snicker when they discuss their chances of being elected.
faze/phase - Kitty Pryde wasn't fazed when she accidentally phased into a pot of goulash.
Bureau Chief @EugeWarRock has a new single up for $1, for all of you who have sexually charged dreams about NPR hosts. http://bit.ly/d3w9JD
In international stories, use local currencies first, then U.S. dollars in parentheses, e.g. CAD$78 ($3)
grizzly/grisly: The grizzly bear made a grisly mess out of Grizzly Adams.
Portmanteaus like "webinar" and "mompreneur" are great shorthand for "Punch me in the face."
Avoid overuse of commas, as our insurance doesn't cover that kind of long-term care.
prosecute/persecute: The prosecuting attorney was persecuted for his unnatural attraction to Lady Justice.
Real estate listings should not describe a building as a "murder house." Be specific: ax murder house, chainsaw murder house.
GBF - initialization for "gay best friend." Not to be confused with "goddammit, I am not your fashion accessory."
Do not refer to drugs by their street names except for drank, which has the same street and clinical names.
there/their/they're - What, seriously? This confuses you?
Sprinkle the word "quantum" throughout science articles, particularly if you have no idea what you're talking about.
n00bs - Our reality-show pitch about young computer techs learning to live with new breast implants. Check and mate, @shitmydadsays.
"Ophthalmologist" has an 'h' in it. A handy mnemonic for this is that the 'h' stands for, "Huh! There's a 'h' in 'ophthalmologist'!"
shedded - Often mistaken for the past tense of the verb "shed"; is actually an adjective describing someone who has turned into a shed.
"Men's room" should contain an apostrophe.  And a urinal.
"Rape" is a green, leafy vegetable, similar to lettuce. "Child molestation," however, is not.
irony - Using words to mean the opposite of their literal meaning. ironey - Made of iron.
Proclamations from the Burger King should be secondary to statements from the legally elected El Presidente Burger.
While it was frowned upon in the past, it is now acceptable to print your Obama Meets Harry Potter fan fiction on slow days.
Never refer to an interview subject as "an annoying little fuck" in print, no matter how annoying the little fuck was.
Never spell it "verevolf," no matter how the villagers say it.
Never say anything about a colleague in a private e-mail that you wouldn't put in print, since it's going to end up there anyway.
half-mast, half-staff - Used in stories about erectile dysfunction. For men under age 35, half-mast. Over age 35, use half-staff.
When shouting "Stop the presses!" in the newsroom, be careful your press card does not fall out of your hatband.
Avoid using "cracker," "honky," and "whitebread" as racial slurs. Instead, use them to make a carb-intensive, extremely noisy lunch.
We don't care how funny you think it is, stop putting "it's raining men" in the weather reports.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: Does This Look Infected? http://thebureauchiefs.com/2010/07/bureau-chiefs-poll-does-this-look-infected/
Behold our new products and save 20% on all filthy consumerist transactions through Sunday with code "PRICEREVELIO": http://bit.ly/cOnE7Y
Emphasize value in stories about old comic books to encourage the market for coverless copies of SAVAGE SHE-HULK #14.
As Comic-Con is in session, you may now use those "Bang! Pow! Zoom!" headlines you've been holding back.
Michelle Obama is referred to as "Mrs. Obama" or "The First Lady." Never "M. Ob."
hell - But capitalize Hades. Lowercase philadelphia.
edition/additon - Johnny Gill was a fatal addition to New Edition.
Do not refer to inhabitants of Lesbos as "Lesbians" even if they did experiment that one time in college.
Clean your gutters regularly. You don't want stray diacritics and hyphens clogging up your white space.
Remember to end every sentence in your sports column with a healthy "booyah!"
"Pellucid" means "admitting lots of light," "easy to understand" or "Yes, I read Pizzazz magazine in the 70s."
Eighth Wonder of the World - should only be used when referencing King Kong
If a hurricane has yet to be named, use the first name of the person two desks to your left. First one to file their story on the wire wins!
Hong Kong is technically a part of China. Hong Kong Phooey is technically a number one super guy.
Connecticut - as the middle "c" is silent, you may omit it for space concerns.
Before writing an article on "icing" go look up some articles on "streaking" and consider your legacy to journalism.
All mentions of the word 'chameleon' should be preceded by five commas. In all other instances, they come and go.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: Which act of Congress sounds most like an act of, well, congress? http://bit.ly/dzYRNP
A co-dependent clause will stay with a main clause long beyond the point that it's healthy for either of them.
Only use "extra virgin" to describe olive oil that doesn't even think about fucking.
When asking paranormal experts for verifiable evidence, also wish for a flying pony, because hey, you never know.
hacker - Anyone who knows anything at all about computers beyond e-mail/web browsing, and therefore is a troublemaker.
Archery scoring is done in points, but no one knows how they are counted. Make up the largest number and place by the writer's name.
When preparing a preposition for your girlfriend, don't do anything cheesy like hiding it in a champagne glass or making it "behind."
Rmove a sngle vwel frm ech wrd n headlnes t sty currnt wth technlogy trnds lke flickr nd tumblr.
When updating your paper's online feeds, take a day off every now and then. Nobody notices and margaritas are sweeter in the daytime.
.@mikesterling We think you mean "Doctors Who."
Is an American involved in the international event? If not, it's hardly "news," now is it?
loath, loathe, lathe - She is loath to stay with him. He loathes her. She used the lathe to cut up his corpse.
China - Capital for the country, lowercase for the dishes, hyphen before the "a" if Mario is saying "chin."
Surprisingly, the plural of "deer fish" is "deers fishes."
draft/draught - Lex Luthor drafted his latest world domination plan after imbibing a draught of potion X123.897.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: How many fingers am I holding up? http://bit.ly/b9Ct8K
Take care not to screw up people's lives with the advice column. That's a job for the horoscopes.
There is no need to report on European news. It's already past their bedtime there, and nobody else cares.
If you include a table in your article, make sure there are enough chairs for everyone.
Avoid swear words, as they are believed to be a sign of a limited vocabulary. Only a real mentula doesn't know that.
Expose the liberal propaganda in children's programs on slow news days. "Scooby-Doo," for example, is clearly an open borders advocate.
pay wall - Method used by newspapers and other publications to keep online readership down to low, manageable levels.
To save valuable space, "knock-knock jokes" should now be referred to as "knock² jokes."
Upgrade your modem to a 14.4K Sportster for speedier uploads to your paper's Wildcat! BBS.
college/collage - Due to budget cuts, the local college only offers courses in making "Will Work For Food" collages.
OKAY, DO NOT USE FUCKING AMPERSANDS ANYMORE. WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH OF THEIR SHIT.
Seriously, fuck ampersands.
Avoid using ampersands in place of the word "and." We've talked & talked about this.
As appropriate as it may seem, references to the game "Frogger" have no place in pedestrian death stories.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: Can you believe this shit? http://bit.ly/aXwntq
Avoid using zeugmas in your titles, headlines.
Kick patriotism's ass by taking advantage of the 17.76%-off sale at our store. Code "ZAZZLEUSAUSA" good through Monday. http://bit.ly/cOnE7Y
Frankenstein is the doctor, Frankenstein's monster is the creature, and Franken Berry is delicious.
Never conflate a sports team victory with the country's political mood. That's what George Will columns are for.
It is wrong to just copy and paste a press release to create a staff report. Add some extra "according tos" in there.
The most important thing for a journalist is to stay objective, even if Edward is a much better choice for Bella than Jacob.
"Taco" has of late taken on a sexual connotation. When referring to the Tex-Mex food dish, instead use "Hot, Meat-Filled Tortilla Vagina."
Now that its requisite year and a half of relevance has passed, you may now use quotes from "Single Ladies" in your feature column.
hot line - Lowercase for the telephone loop between the U.S. and Russia. Uppercase for the one connecting Commissioner Gordon and Batman.
When covering the G20 meetings, mtholgta564hgawf QUIT THROWING TRASH CANS WE ARE TRYING TO TWITTER HERE
"Tweet" as used on the Internet is a non-standard term and should be excised from stories. See also: "Internet," "computer," "movable type."
hopefully - Not a synonym for "we hope." Wrong: Hopefully, newspapers will make money again oh god everything is getting so very dark.
When sending a photographer to an anti-government rally, make sure he photographs the sign with the best spelling and grammar.
When putting an allusion in your story, always be sure to warn your readers not to try it at home.
Display your apathy and your hilarious descent into alcoholism with some of our new products: http://www.zazzle.com/thebureauchiefs*
family-friendly - hopefully won't offend the easily offended, but probably will anyway.
Capitalize titles when discussing the Ku Klux Klan, e.g. Imperial Wizard, Grand Dragon, Level 8 Night Elf.
Do not use D.C. to denote the federal district of Washington, unless it could be confused with Freddie "Boom Boom" Washington.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: Which famous historical figure's sex tape do you most want to see? http://bit.ly/ddHvuV
"Mind-fuck" for an unbelievable thing, "Mindfuck" for the porn parody of the Criss Angel show.
Use decoupage, glitter glue, and plenty of Popsicle sticks when	reworking press releases.
raise/rise - You may try to raise people from the dead, but it's up to them whether they rise.
Presidential missteps are always the fault of the previous administration. See also: Presidential accomplishments.
credit default swaps - "taking a stack of money and burning it while you cry" is also acceptable.
Although internet slang is creeping into everyday use, it is still acceptable to punch a source in the face for saying "pwnz0r3d."
Avoid using the abbreviation "expat" for "expatriate" as the term could also refer to former SNL actress Julia Sweeney.
Free up ad space by combining the front page with word-jumble puzzle, e.g. YRAMO TRESRDEA NI TRTOTNSOPIUI NSGTI
All articles on new physical media formats must include one dismissive reference to either HD-DVD, Betamax, CED or physical media.
food pussy - Synonym for "mouth." Ex.: "The victim was punched repeatedly in the food pussy, police said."
Put "First!" in your headlines to show those smug assholes in your online comments section.
Throw small projectiles at your copy editor now and then. A jumpy copy editor is an accurate copy editor.
In recipes, spell out all measurements: teaspoon, cup, wagonload, arcsecond, centon, etc.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: Where the hell are my keys? http://bit.ly/ahkVfB
If an article offends readers, simply claim it was intended as a satire. That way you can blame them for not "getting it."
Don't mock illiterates; you don't want to get letters from those... oh, right. Carry on.
Never use anti-gay epithets such as "faggot," "fudge-packer," or "conservative Christian activist."
Avoid sentences that sound funny, such as "The clowns and monkeys ate kumquats."
coffer - 1. An archaic term for a depository for campaign funds. 2. The mascot of the U.S. National Consumption Team.
Never misrepresent what an interview subject says, such as by printing a full transcript of what they actually said.
The past tense of "Monster Mash" is "Munster Mushed."
Readers appreciate exclusive online content. Demonstrate the value of yours by forcing them to navigate log-in and sign-up pages.
A Ponzi scheme involves defrauding investors. A Fonzie scheme involves sharks and a motorcycle.
army - Capitalize when referring to U.S. forces: U.S. Army. Lowercase for others: KISS army, robot army of Dr. Deathula.
Avoid unnecessary jargon except on the sports page, where you're free to just slather it on like barbecue sauce.
Pro-verbs do what Nintendon't.
Bureau Chief @EugeWarRock has released his first single, to help you with your popping and/or locking. http://bit.ly/crVbr8
Do not ask an interview subject about his mother if you suspect he may be a replicant.
You may refer to him as Cap'n Crunch to others, but you must still salute him in person.
All infographics must be calculated in base 7, so tape your fingers together before generating your charts.
Reports on spelling bees can be very illuminating. I-L-L-U-M-I-N-A-T-I-N-G. Illuminating.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: You are lost at sea in a tiny life raft with only a can of cat food. Do you: http://bit.ly/cSEMyC
Demonstrate your relevance as a commentator by writing long-winded essays on the fact that you don't know who Lady Gaga is.
Avoid mentioning the movie "Twister" when writing about tornadoes. We're all trying to forget.
Bloody Mary - Capitalized; a drink made with vodka and tomato juice. Your editor's main source of nutrition.
Avoid dangling participles unless referring to James Bond, in which case dangle them over shark tanks or fire pits.
When writing about prominent public figures, keep them unnamed so readers can guess who you're talking about. People love that.
Make sure your Big Pharma check has cleared prior to writing your pro-drug article.
"Fiscal" applies to budgets; "Monetary" applies to money supply.  EX: FakeAP's monetary excess made it rain in da club.
Oyez! Oyez! Oyez! is the traditional call to order for court. O-yes! O-yes! O-yes! is the traditional call of  your mom in our bedrooms.
When declaring something outmoded or no longer entertaining, first make sure anyone gives a shit about what you think.
When interviewing Gary Coleman, always...wait, what? Seriously? ...Well, shit.
Use "bologna" for the meat, "baloney" for anything Creationists say.
interpunct - Runs around your paragraph, smashing things up.
The prophet/profit pun is not acceptable for use in the business section. If you can make it work for your religion article, go for it.
Spell it "ellipsis," "ellipses," "elipsis," "ellipseseisis" -- no one really knows or cares.
We are aware of what the "FAPS" acronym typically means, and the First American Philatelist Society says there is no trademark confusion.
Ties are a strangling hazard. Get Dad (or you) a FAPS shirt for $4 off, today only, with the code "DADDYTEEDEAL." http://bit.ly/cOnE7Y
Use an ampersand for "Hootie & The Blowfish." Incorrect: Hootie and Blowfish, The Blowfish w/ Hootie, HootyAnne the Blowfish.
Refer to local prostitutes by their official rankings: "Cookie Love, 3rd in the Southeast Conference."
"horrible tragedy" - use this phrasing to differentiate the described event from hilarious tragedies.
The wise and venerable @Poynter is now quizzing people on who defined what social media term: Us or some other thing. http://bit.ly/boLGN3
Only spell it "errbody" if literally each person in the club is gettin' tipsy.
Reviewers: if a movie has "horrible," "tank," "turkey," or "bomb" in the title, try not to pass out from giddiness.
When writing about Heidi Montag, please don't.
When reporting on the birth of a new baby animal at the zoo, do not get too attached. They grow up so fast.
The Bureau Chiefs are taking Memorial Day off to recognize all the great things memorials have done for us.
For @Poynter: Twitter - Cha-CHING.
For @Poynter: trending - The 21st century's most advanced method for monitoring Justin Bieber at all times.
For @Poynter: status update - DEFCON 4, Mr. President.
For @Poynter: microsite - Like, a tiny little site. It ain't that hard to grasp.
For @Poynter: ROFL - How Astro the dog, Scooby Doo and insufferable people say "awful."
@Poynter: OK, we'll put out one an hour for the rest of the day.
Hey @Poynter, how about you let us do our thing and you stick to what you do best: Poynting.
Learn about the teachings of our spiritual leader at the Daily Batman: http://thedailybatman.com/
When writing an article about technology trends, always include a reference to Japanese robo-toilets.
"Possess" has four Ss, one for each Satan inhabiting the word.
BUREAU CHIEFS POLL: A masked gunman breaks into your home... http://bit.ly/cHQroy
bazaar/bizarre/Bizarro - We bought a bizarre clown toilet paper cozy from Bizarro at the church bazaar.
Imperial units should only be used when measuring general levels of rebel scum.
Use the courtesy title "the Rev." for members of the clergy, e.g. "The Rev. Rev Run"
The four seasons are Spring, Summer, Winter and Fall. For California publications, change to Mudslide, Hillfire, Flood and Earthquake.
@masslivenews Or the 'R'. The 'M' is iffy. You know what? Don't talk about Amherst at all.
Abbreviate the month in a full date, spell it out in one cut short by food poisoning.
An easy way that you can save space is to edit out the overused word "that." That's just not a word that needs that much use.
heroin - Narcotic derived from opium poppies; also your life, wife.
Children could be reading your mainstream publication, so keep your screeds about their smell and disease on your personal blog.
Be sure to spell "C-3PO" with an "O." Spelling it with a zero results in an off-color term in Bocce.
Subprime - Optimus Prime's underwater mode.
@lthanlon Savvy, yes, but also sexy, sultry, and probably slinky. S-words make ladies feel pretty, which is OK now that the 1960s are over.
In stories about anti-war protests, distinguish participants who love peace from those who are just big Mercedes fans.
Unless premeditation was obvious or a suspect is convicted, do not say a victim was murdered. Instead, use the alternate "schmurdered."
Write stories announcing reporting awards you have won looking ahead to your title defense at Summerslam.
fail - Always avoid the Internet slang usage. Go with the traditional usage. EX: "The newspaper industry is failing."
On first reference, "fans of the band Insane Clown Posse." On subsequent references, "haaahahahahahaha."
#bl# is used to indicate when print should be set in blinking text for emphasis.
Slipping the title of your unpublished mystery novel into a City Council story helps no one.
In stories about pirates, remember the adjectival form is "piradical."
Father's Day is the Third Sunday in June. SEE: National "I Should Have Had a Tubal Ligation" Day.
Always write quotes from the Batman in italics to indicate his husky, masculine voice. Then shiver.
When writing stories about religious leaders or politicians, remember that they are innocent until proven guilty.
Under no circumstances should photos be captioned in "lolcat." Well OK, maybe that one time.
We've added shirt designs to our store. Buy now, and someday you will only wear these when sleeping. http://www.zazzle.com/thebureauchiefs*
crabmeat - one word. One tasty, tasty word.
copy editor - Rarely used as a formal title, because you are ungrateful little bastards.
Shameless Self Promotion - (n.) http://thebureauchiefs.com/store/
Use guillemets to speed up quotes or revisit earlier ones.
The technical name for the @ symbol is "fried egg."
balance - Allowing some dimwit to yap very briefly about his incorrect position.
Only spell ketchup "catsup" if you wish to be murdered.
@poniewozik: "Law and Order"'s distinctive "chung chung" is the sound made when Sam Waterston glares at you disapprovingly.
"Pop Tarts" is a trademark and should not be used to describe generic products such as Taylor Swift or Miley Cyrus.
To make your sentences really sparkle, add 24 carats.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: Do you always choose the "I don't know" option in polls? http://bit.ly/ajCGrk
Starting every sentence in your health story about conjunctivitis with a conjunction is what they call poeticism.
Our Liberal Masters urge you include radical leftist themes like the importance of family and faith in your writing.
When interviewing American Idol contestants, try not to let your crushing despair show in the final product.
@jarrettgreen: We'll ask your mom the next time we see her.
@elainevydra "Lowercase" for letters, "the lower case" for where we keep the Scotch we drink when we're "crawling drunk."
Identify cars by color, make, model, year and hobbies.
daylight saving time - not "savings," thanks to those tax-and-spend democrats, are we right?
IN: Nuanced discussions of pop culture trends. OUT: IN/OUT lists.
Avoid references to "gay," "homosexual" or "alternative lifestyle." Instead, just use the phrase "the damned."
In New England, a "clowder" refers to milk-based felines.  In Manhattan, it refers to tomato-based cats.
When referring to Spider-Man, "Web head" can now be written as "webhead."
It is unethical to get involved in a sexual relationship with a source, so after this next time it is seriously over.
There is more to modern American theater coverage than touring companies of "Wicked" coming to town, but no one cares.
Do not be afraid to use exclamation points in your writing. They can sense fear.
The use of the umlaut by heavy metal bands has caused most people to forget the hard-rocking sounds of the late-‘70s band "Demoñfiñger."
Controversial comic strips should run in the editorial pages, where readers know better than to expect humor.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: What nonsensical lyric best describes your weekend? http://bit.ly/cjAniv
A "royal assload" (archaic) was a measurement first defined by how much of something King Henry VIII could fit in his ass.
Use pig Latin to shield children from unpleasant stories. Ex: ENATORSAY AUGHTCAY ANTLESSPAY ITHWAY APYBARACAY
Do not confuse the Mexican holiday "Cinco de Mayo" with the recent condiment stock trading scandal, "Sinkhole de Mayo."
A "hanger" is for clothes; a "hangar" is a building; and a "Hagar" is a terrible, terrible Viking.
End your sentences with "see?" only if your audience is full of wise guys or the terminally stupid.
Add one apostrophe for every person or object in a group. Over 10, use parentheses. Example: "Kids''' party," "Senators'(100) brunch."
Sexual dysfunction stories require sensitivity, so keep your tone soft and flaccid.
It is no longer necessary to write new stories about Facebook privacy issues; just change the dates.
"Scot Irish" and "Scotch Irish" are both incorrect. The term is "soused."
Mustard - A condiment made from seeds from mustard plants. Musturd - A rare delicacy condiment made from muskrat feces.
@Deadeye_Dick: Shithead, a small fishing village in Northeast England, is one word.
Use quotation marks for all direct quotes, unless you are some kind of fancy pants, Mr. Cormac McCarthy.
.@FakeAPStylebook are now talking at #ROFLCon: http://roflcon.org/live/
Science writers: Seek a quote from Bill Nye only if Mr. Wizard is not available.
It is not compulsory to make references to The Who songs when writing about the "C.S.I." franchise, we promise you.
Do not use the phrase "Jungian archetype" outside of restaurant reviews.
sarcastic - corruption of "Sargastic," relating to the Sargasso Sea and how it's always a dick when you try to talk to it.
To save on operating expenses, outsource your fact-checking to a country without encyclopedias or internet access.
All mentions of David Schwimmer should include a reference to FRIENDS because, really, what else is there?
Include "Archduke" when writing about Archduke Ferdinand so readers don't think a cartoon bull's death started World War I.
In a move of startling sanity, Boston's Weekly Dig had the Bureau Chiefs edit their stories. http://bit.ly/aknuZZ
Help out your less tech-savvy readers by not using current jargon like "podcast." Instead, just call it "radio" like it is.
Until he has been tried and convicted refer to him as "alleged giant ape King Kong."
Avoid using "nerdboner" when reviewing the latest Veggie Tales DVD.
In stories about government budget cuts, show the bright side by reminding readers of the Combs Money/Problems Corollary.
The Bureau Chiefs will be speaking at ROFLCon this Saturday. http://roflcon.org/ They will not be ROFLing, however, as that is unsanitary.
Run lists of graduating seniors next to fast food "help wanted" ads for everyone's convenience.
expert - Refers to anyone to whom you can effectively feed quotes.
Use "exhaustion" as a polite euphemism for when celebrities are really, really tired.
As county fair season starts, remember that the preferred term is "Carny-American" and at no point should you reference the smell.
If using multiple adjectives, put them in increasing order of awesomeness: "the blue, Italian, rocket-propelled, monkey-piloted dirtbike."
Our correspondents in the comic books of the '50s and '60s keep you informed of important events at @DatelineSA.
unfunded mandate - When a larger government makes a smaller one do something without paying for it, like fix its car or get it some smokes.
To grab the reader's attention to your headline, put (LQQK!) after it.
For an international audience, spell the pop star's name as "KeUSDha."
Do not reference The Oxford English Dictionary. We speak American.
Do not capitalize "jimmy caps" unless referring to a person actually named James Caps. If so, laugh and laugh.
Avoid using masculine pronouns in sentences where the subject's gender is not specified. Broads find it offensive.
All religions should be written about with dignity and respect. Even the [REDACTED].
infrastructure - To be used for to public works projects and government property if no one knows what they're talking about.
Place a comma--Daddy's working, dear. No, I don't think he reads it. Okay, but only because it's your birthday. I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!!!
Celebrities who overcome addiction are brave and heroic. Celebrities who don't get addicted to things in the first place are boring.
Due to recent events, press passes may no longer be worn on lanyards. We will be taking up a collection for Steve's widow tomorrow.
When asked to write about the TV sitcom "The Big Bang Theory" bear in mind that the fast food joint down the street is always hiring.
If you put a question mark on the end, you can basically say anything.  Ex:  SENATOR JAMES:  BABY-EATING COMMIE WITCH?
COPY EDITORS: the word is "penicillin." With a "c."
When covering comic book conventions, be sure to walk past 400 normal people to interview the fat guy dressed like Aquaman.
When reporting on broken box office records, pretend that ticket prices have remained unchanged since 1943.
@PhilliesDoll The word "asshat" is vulgar and should be avoided. Use "butt bonnet."
Internet ruffians with grotesque manners should consult @FakeeEtiquette.
No matter how good the scotch involved was, the word "delicious" should never appear in a DUI story.
It's "for all intents and purposes." "Intensive Purposes" is the hot new medical drama from CBS.
Be sure not to confuse "aural" and "oral." The former is very uncomfortable.
Bureau Chiefs Poll: Who would you choose to perform at your son’s bar mitzvah? http://bit.ly/ds489i
Subjects and verbs should always agree, even if they just agree to disagree.
lame duck - Used to describe public office holders who are waterfowl with injured limbs.
If using courtesy titles, exclude Andrew Dice Clay, as he neither gives nor receives courtesy.
While it is acceptable to include a politician's office address in a profile, do not list their ManHunt user ID.
When summer comes and California starts burning, try to act surprised.
The modern newsroom must be fast and technologically competent. If you're not reading this, you're fired.
Go ahead and write your name on a copy paper box now so you won't have to fight anyone for it when the day finally comes.
All action movie reviews must include the following phrases: engine oil, steely abs, face kick, snuggle wumpkins.
As there is some doubt, refer to him as "the allegedly dead Bruce Lee." See also: Andy Kaufman, Tupac, Grandma
"Girlfriend" does not take a hyphen, except when referring to your sassy gay friend.
devil - Lowercase, but capitalize "Satan" and "Craigslist."
Avoid Top Ten lists, as it just encourages readers to write in with their own additions as if we care about their opinions.
Remember to always distinguish fact from opinion, e.g. FACT: The GZA. OPINION: The Genius.
Always refer to the character as "the Doctor," not "Doctor Who." You don't want to get letters from those people.
Substitute "ex" with "X-" for a more X-TREME EFFECT! E.g. "The baby left in the car died of heat X-haustion."
Use English-equivalent titles for world leaders on first reference ("King Gustaf of Sweden"), native versions after ("BØrk bØrk bØrk bØrk").
Werewolves are lycanthropes. Was-wolves have been culled by the Department of the Interior.
Use of the word "paradigm" is good shorthand for "I have no idea what I'm saying."
When writing about video game systems, be sure to stir informed debate by describing how one is superior to another.
Don't use profanity in your sports column, no matter how much you bet on those fucking chokers who just gave the goddamn game away.
Use Roman numerals for royalty, popes, wars and film sequels. Arabic numerals in film titles are an offense to Jupiter.
Gary Coleman doing something crazy is not news. That's just a Tuesday.
TODAY'S BUREAU CHIEFS POLL: Oh, dear. The ball's begun and Harriet has no dancing partner! What to do? http://bit.ly/atEDhj
Do not use the word "ghetto" indiscriminately unless referring to that booty there. Daaaaamn!
S;esud idr yjr [tp[rt jp,r lrud ejrm yu[omh/
"Feather bedding" is a mattress stuffed with feathers. "Featherbedding" is an illegal sex act in most states.
Many readers on the Internet are not so bright, so be sure to type s-l-o-w-l-y.
Avoid using colloquial spellings such as "gonna," "kinda" or "oughta." Nobody says things like that.
Announce hunting season in large type above the fold on page one for the convenience of cartoon ducks and rabbits.
Please do not refer to Florida as "the nation's wang." Instead say, "Seniors still flock to retire in America's sex organ."
Be sure to use the word "irony" correctly. It means when something's, you know, just weird.
When plagiarizing, be sure to use the word "reportedly."
Do not get personally involved in a story, unless it's about reporter-craving sex addicts. High five!
Focus television coverage on programs that appeal to the widest audience, such as "Two and Half Men." And drink heavily.
"The Haps" is short for "happenings." This is a revision from the 1588 edition, when it was short for "Hapsburgs."
Do not spell out the most common sports abbreviations: NFL, NBA, MLB, YTFC, CWESTGH, LOBVCXXXA, H.
Usage of any variation of "WHAAAASSUUUP!!!" is now a hanging offense, so consider yourself forewarned.
There is no apostrophe in "Diners Club" but who cares? What is this, 1953?
Capitalize all three words when referring to any "Jamaican Bobsled Team."
"Weather Bureau" is no longer in use. Instead, use "National Weather Service" or "Those Freakin' Liars."
this is strunk & white all over again oh god why do we do this to ourselves it's shit DO YOU HEAR US IT'S ALL SHIT IT'S ALL SHIIIIIIIIIIIII
Hey, if anyone asks, we've been with you all day. Right? Right. Hide this, would you?
The word "knife" is based on the late Old English word "cníf." Not that we are planning on using one.
Use serif-based fonts when writing letters to the Chicago Manual of Style and that TRAMP telling them to go to HELL.
We're going to march right over there and confront the both of them. Chicago Manual of Style and that TRAMP.
Just got a text that CMS is screwing the MLA. Need a drink again.
THAT COULD BE ANYONE ON THE CMS' FACEBOOK PAGE. YOU CAN'T EVEN SEE OUR FACE.
We are not going to sit by the phone all day waiting for the Chicago Manual of Style to call. We are better than that.
So many fragmented memories...skin hooks....dangling modifiers...commas in unusual places.
We sincerely hope that is just a skin abrasion down there.
We're having a hard time remembering anything about last night. Why is "CMS" tattooed on our buttocks?
Always use full titles on first mention of royals, e.g. Lady Gaga, Duchess of Swinbourne and Defender of the Faith.
"Lemon-scented" is not capitalized unless it refers to Meadowlark Lemon.
Always note whether a politician is wearing a lapel pin of a flag, as they are the only way to display patriotism.
In video game reviews, it is inappropriate to give a score lower than an A or above an A+++++++++.
"Lazy" may not be used interchangeably with "unemployed," though both "blogger" and "journalism major" may.
In weather stories, be sure to find a man on the street to say that rain is depressing, as that insight is not available elsewhere.
When writing articles about "Babylon 5" you should--come to think of it, this probably isn't going to be an issue.
To avoid financial panics, do not run Sudoku puzzles on the stock pages.
Hip-hop music that is no longer popular should simply be referred to as "hop."
The HOV lane is for vehicles carrying at least two passengers. The HOVA lane is for Jay-Z only.
Never retract an unfactual science story that you uncritically reported. After all, it was the SCIENCE that was wrong, not YOU.
Stories about fast-food nutrition should always pretend that those salads heaped with bacon are some kind of healthy alternative.
You know what? Fuck it, just add "'s" to everything.
The Bureau Chiefs present this guide to movies you will be torrenting next month. http://bit.ly/bWhvDW
lawmakers - Often mistakenly used interchangeably with "legislators," these are the people who physically smelt, forge and smith laws.
Feel free to run the underwear ads opposite the funny pages. It's not like kids are reading "Beetle Bailey" anyway.
If someone, for some reason, doesn't want to be hounded by reporters and just wants to live a normal life, refer to them as a "recluse."
Articles on fashion should probably be outsourced to freelancers. Why? Because look around your office, that's why.
That's @thebureauchiefs. The responsible editor has fallen on his sword.
The new @thebureauchief poll asks: A leprechaun appears and gives you the choice of three gifts! Do you choose: http://bit.ly/cd7xrs
Specify where someone obtained their honorary degree. Ex: Dr. Phil (Honorary; University of Winfrey)
To use a Euro symbol, do UP UP DOWN DOWN LEFT RIGHT LEFT RIGHT B A SELECT START.
Stories about country music should mention the horse-rustling and stagecoach-robbings the songs' irresponsible lyrics inspire.
The unemployment rate is expressed as a percentage figure or one of those old manual alarm clocks just spinning up and up and up.
Include ages with quotes from non-public figures. If the source refuses to give it, just say they "looked about a billion."
Spelling error to avoid: "Biden" is the name of the Vice President, "bidet" is your butt-washer.
If you're writing a story on the local junior high school science fair . . . man, who'd you piss off?
Treat all introductions of new electronic consumer goods as if a new era of human development is being announced. You need the ad revenue.
Subcultures that are still fodder for lifestyle articles: Juggalos, furries and the lizard men who live below the Earth.
Use a hyphen to join words together, a dash to separate two words that really don't like each other.
Characterize public meetings where no one shows up as "sparsely attended." Describe half-full meetings as "standing room only."
Never imply that God does not exist, despite what you saw at the city council meeting that dark, dark night.
Don't put winning lottery numbers on the front page. Why give away your most popular feature?
When covering the latest kid lit bestseller, note with breathless astonishment that adults are reading the book too.
Enovid - Trademark for a birth control pill brand. Also acceptable: "Writing 'Doctor Who' fan-fiction."
Use of the word "irony" should be avoided, ironically enough.
Capitalize the names of mythical gods. No way in hell we're giving you examples.
DSM IV - Diagnostic manual for mental health disorders. Do not cite when discussing celebrities; just make shit up.
"Cop" is not an acceptable synonym for "police officer." Use instead "The Man."
There are always nine plus signs in "A+++++++++ WOULD BUY AGAIN".
The Bureau Chiefs would like to trick you into thinking your opinion matters with this week's poll. http://bit.ly/bMAJmV
Of the many possible synonyms for "toilet" that are available, "ass-go-round" is probably the least preferable.
When writing stories on JFK assassination conspiracy theories, remember using the word "nutjob" may set those guys off.
ice age - capitalize for the film, but not for the geological term or the last bitter years of a doomed marriage.
Pad your article's word count by inserting a dirty limerick somewhere after the fourth paragraph where nobody will see it.
Use the "superlative G" sparingly ("Hey, dogg") and never in bylines ("Ask Dr. Chris Henningg.")
"Sabbath" can signify "Saturday," "Sunday," or "ass-kicking metal," depending on the religion being referenced.
Avoid calling the New York Times the "Old Gray Lady." It's really more like "One-Foot-in-the-Grave Lady," right? Huh?
Use "dance card" in articles to confirm that your expected audience is primarily the elderly.
"Blowjob" is vulgar and should be avoided. Use "oral sex," "fellatio" or "smokin' pole."
superhero - trademark shared by Marvel and DC Comics. Only they have the right to make the term stupid and meaningless.
Omit "Saint" before names of particularly revered figures, e.g. Mark, Luke, Bono. See also: Our Lady Cate Blanchett
Only use "weekend" as a verb when you wish to let readers know you're some kind of fancy boy.
No matter how much the Ocean Spray flak tries to tell you otherwise, there's no such thing as a cranapple.
Remember to define "habeus corpus" when used in a news story as "that thing they talk about on Law And Order."
Refrain from calling issues "political footballs" unless discussing redistricting, which is made from synthetic pig hide.
dipthong - SPRING BREAAAAAK
Lowercase "english muffin" so those Britons don't feel that they're all special just because they have their own food.
Use the American system of measurement, not metrics.  Ex:  Buttload, not metric buttload.
Remember that the word "synesthesia" is spelled with a silent freshly mowed grass odor.
"Airwolf" may only be used as an adjective. ("Remember when that bear decapitated the shark with a flip on his dirtbike? Totally Airwolf.")
Commas should only be associated with a pregnant pause if they're ready for the commitment.
The phrase "Tricky Dick" refers to both former President Richard Nixon and penis puppeteer Rich Handey. Be specific in your usage.
double truck - A big-ass picture of two sweet semis! HONK HONK
Colons denote the consequence of a statement. For example "I ate twelve tacos last night: I bought new underwear this morning."
Hollywood - Instead of Los Angeles when used in stories about the film industry or a character in Mannequin and Mannequin 2: On the Move.
Yes, "defenestrate" is an excellent word, but only use it in birth announcements and obituaries if it's accurate.
It's spelled "ketchup," as stated in its first description from 1711. "Catsup" is slang used by the perverts that put it on eggs.
Remember: "its" means "it is" and "it's" is the possessive form of "it."
In radio parlance, "wilco" means "will comply" and "roger" means a jolly good buggering.
Chthulu - Ahhhhhhhhh! Noooooooo! AHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!
Revenue from personals ads lost to Craigslist can be recouped by just going ahead and creating a "hookers" category.
Remember, brevity is.
When referencing "Johnson & Johnson," be sure to note that the second "Johnson" refers to the first's junk.
Emphasize the most important sentences in your story by ending them with "SON." "The County Commission voted 7-2 to pass its budget, SON."
The "Italian Hyphen A" should only be used in quotes from actual plumbers or occasionally in relevant headlines ("IT'S-A REGICIDE!")
When a public figure denounces homosexuality, prepare accordingly for said public figure's eventual outing.
Although often mistyped as "low and behold", the actual phrase is "lo and behowld."
Stories on global warming should always be accompanied by pictures of snowstorms or polar bears.
As much as it may seem like the right word, it is never appropriate to use "carradine" as a verb.
The deceased's time volunteering in the community goes in the obituary. The stand-off with the police goes on the front page.
Never substitute a slash for a solidus. You don't want to get letters from Victorian bankers.
"Chain saw" is two words in all instances: "No one else saw what the chain saw."
Down - descending, low, away from the top. Up - working. "The down escalator is up."
All doctorates are interchangeable, making your allergist just as much an authority on global warming as a climatologist.
whose's - Both a possessive and a contraction for "who is.": "Whose's amputated face this?"
References to ghosts should be preceded by "alleged" except when discussing Pac-Man.
"Crank file" is archaic; use instead "comments on our online articles."
freewheeling - The process of grinding up and snorting wheels.
Due to increasing birth rates, reminders that MTV used to play music should be made more frequently.
The correct phrase is "I couldn't give a damn" but frankly we could care less.
Pi is an "irrational number."  Pie is irrationally delicious, especially with ice cream.
Articles on auto recalls should be held until after the local dealership's three-day weekend sale.
Never let on that the bridge column contains coded messages for spies. Incidentally, West pass Ace Queen four.
Advice columns are for helping the public with real problems, not embarrassing ex-boyfriends with tiny penises like Bob.
When writing about girl sports, remember to pretend they're as important as real sports or we'll get letters.
Do not refer to uninvited guests as "party crashers" unless they literally drive the party into a wall or off a cliff.
Queen Mother - The immortal spider who spawned all of England's queens.
Use "she" to refer to countries or ships only when they are female, like Brazil or anything owned by Richard Branson.
It is acceptable to refer to all court proceedings as a "trial," because seriously, you ever sat through one of those things?
scenester/hipster - Derogatory terms, usually used by scenesters and hipsters.
When considering whether to write in dialect, please don't.
Use middle names or initials with people publicly known that way, e.g. George W. Bush, James Earl Jones, The Goddamn Batman.
Articles on performance-enhancing drugs should emphasize how wide-spread asthma is amongst professional athletes.
Help readers understand an object's size by comparing it something: "The severed head was as long as 1/300 of a football field."
"Foot-and-mouth" affects hoofed animals. "Foot-in-mouth" is pretty big in the fetish community.
When writing a story about dark cults be sure to mention that NONE EXIST AND ALL SHALL PERISH IN FIRE. ALSO: HA HA HA.
Describe a spring shower as "light" or "pleasant." If you're in California, use "STORM WATCHAGEDDON 2010."
The correct spelling of "Spider-Man" takes a hyphen. Knowing this is why we can't get dates.
A "mistress" is one woman with which a married man has a long affair. Many women a man cheats with is "the reality show craze of 2010."
granddad, granddaughter- Also: grandfather, grandmother, grandbaby, grandpuppy, grandpsychotherapist
Do not abbreviate the word "fort" unless the fort itself has been abbreviated and the couch cushions restored to the sofa.
"Forbear" is something given to a bear. "Forebear" is the portion of the bear before the main bear. "Fourbear" is a party.
"Nutrageous" is not an appropriate word to use in an article about Polyorchidism.
@TheTonic: OLD DAYS: "Grandpa walked to school uphill in the snow..." OLDEN DAYS: "...after fighting a dragon."
Include numerical designations when referring to specific robots ("Tobey Maguire, Unit 75-044B").
The Bureau Chiefs will now inundate you with daily content at http://www.thebureauchiefs.com. Follow @thebureauchiefs for site updates.
"Magna Carta," NOT "Magna Charta." Yes, we're looking at you, Sacramento Bee. One more time and you're off the damn service.
You may think it's unimportant to cover ribbon cuttings, but that's because you've forgotten the Sentient Giant Scissors rampage of 1977.
@mschauf63: Gastronome - When Emeril breaks wind in rhythmic intervals.
@Aranhia RE: Nacho o'clock. Your question is flawed in that it implies that there is ever a time not for nachos.
In stories about celebrity infidelity, feign surprise.
shortchange - Coins that are not as tall as other coins.
Do not forget the extra 'r' in Febuarry.
The adjective "hitlery" ("This hot dog tastes hitlery") should be confined to the editorial page.
There is a correct way to pronounce 'molybdenum.' Best of luck with that.
Flyover states - Areas of the United States lacking in Disney parks or Baldwin brothers.
"Sexting" is the sending of sexually explicit text and picture messages. It is not, apparently, an appropriate way to submit a resume.
It is imperative that you get comments from "real people" on important topics like government decisions they're not aware of.
hanged/hung - Hanged refers to an execution. You know what hung refers to. We're all adults here.
When writing for a conservative publication, substitute "Arabic numerals" with "Islamofascist numerals."
The word "Realtor" should technically be capitalized, but don't. It's fun to piss them off.
"Dove" is not the correct past tense of "dive." It's "Did you see it? Did you see it? Did you? Did you?"
When writing about low-rated TV shows, try not to think about their viewership numbers versus your paper's circulation.
Do readers a public service by occasionally writing a story about the dangers of full-flavored, soothing cigarettes.
Always use "hero" to describe fire-fighters, e.g. HERO FIREMAN IN AXE-MURDER KILLING SPREE
"First lady" is not a formal title and should never be capitalized, no matter how many drugs she tells you not to take.
@RaiderUte "Cluster fuck" is the sexual activity, "Clusterfuck" is Chuck Clusterfuck, Minnesota State Rep from 1982 to 1984.
Do not capitalize names of heavy metals: mercury, chromium, metallica, queensryche, etc.
If you're livening up your story with pop culture references more than ten years old, you might be a redneck.
loose/lose: Loverboy's song "Turn Me Loose" made me lose my hatred of all things Canadian.
Avoid "at the end of the day" in your story's conclusion. Use instead "as the giant space dragon eats the sun..."
When captioning photos, the man next to the actor is his "assistant," not "trade."
The archaic definite article "ye" is pronounced "the." (This tip brought to you by the ever-marketable English degree.)
Be judicious in your use of the silent e, lest you turn your plan into a plane or your rag into rage.
Do lavish features on each big new sci-fi film that opens. Nerds will buy three or four copies and we could use the money.
"Totally fucking batshit whack-a-doodle" is completely inappropriate, even when referring to Lindsay Lohan.
soccer - the game sissy Europeans play instead of football;  football - the game sissy Americans play instead of rugby
Use "Roman Catholic" to distinguish the Church from similar organizations (Gondorian Catholics, Times New Catholic, etc.)
If you feel like your technology column is lacking something, it's probably condescension.
Avoid footnotes by not having any footnotes.
@robterry26 Use "canceled" in America, "cancelled" in England, and "long overdue" for "Two and a Half Men."
Don't worry about whether there's a more important issue out there you could be covering. The Daily Show is on it.
A conjunction joins two words or phrases together and may be illegal in your state if both words are dudes.
Yellow journalism:  biased and lurid press.  Yeller journalism:  reporting by cowardly hillbillies.  Cello journalism: Yo-Yo Ma coverage.
@JeffHolton: The preferred term is "Thai Lady-boy."
Film titles should be italicized, but use quotes instead to avoid scaring off readers with your fancy foreign fonts.
"Weatherman" is the forecaster, "Weather Man" is America's greatest rainmaking superhero.
@felicitousfi @BorowitzReport To familiarize Southern readers, refer to Mr. Spitzer as "Sanford North."
@sufjanssteven: Always refer to Prince Namor as "Wannabe Mrs. Susan Storm."
Direct objects are the things to which actions occur. Indirect objects leave mean notes on the refrigerator and turn the heat up.
It is important to close all parentheses. We've all been trapped in a Mike Royko aside since 1978.
Jurassic period: 199.6 - 145.5 million years ago, or October 24, 4004 BC, 12:17 PM - 3:44 PM for Creationists.
@Evanryt "Weezy" is only acceptable as a reference to Louise Jefferson. Refer to Lil' Wayne as "Dr. Carter" or "No Homo, PhD."
Don't feel bad if you accidentally insert the so-called "premature interjection." It happens to all writers.
Only certain states should be considered the "Deep South," but no one there or nearby can read anyway. Paint with wide strokes.
A superscript is a script that was rocketed to Earth as an infant from its doomed homeworld.
Wire report: Did you see that shit with Stringer Bell and Omar? That was fuckin' intense.
"Papua New Guinea" is the country. "Papa New Guinea" defeated Ricky "The Dragon" Steamboat for the TV title in 1989.
All conversations with a source are considered on-the-record unless they specifically mention those furry pictures of you going public.
There's no such thing as ghosts, psychics or mediums. No joke, we just thought news networks and reality-show producers needed reminding.
Use "zaftig" to refer to an actress or model who wears size 2 or larger.
Skid Road: areas frequented by derelicts.  Skid Row: best band EVER! WOO!
It's better to plagiarize from Encarta than from Wikipedia, because people actually read Wikipedia.
@TeresaInPreview It would be perfectly appropriate to caption a photo of a can of noodles with the common contraction "ca'noodle."
If a source jokes that Congress is the opposite of progress, politely remind them the word is "regress" and throw up all over their blazer.
The Bureau Chiefs will be attending (but not rolling all over the filthy disgusting floor of) ROFLCon 2010. http://bit.ly/d6blqQ
hyphen - SERIOUSLY, THE HYPHEN IS ONE OF THE BEST PUNCTUATION MARKS EVER-- SEE? AWESOME.
@lithium3141: Full title "Suspected Anti-Christ Mullah Barack Hussein Obama" on first reference, "B. Hussein" thereafter.
When composing the church newsletter, be careful not to confuse 'sexton' with 'sexting.'
@brent_robinson No, "and" is not acceptable for "an".
Articles about medicine need quotes from someone screeching about "Big Pharma," but they'll be writing in anyway.
The unknown perpetrator of a crime is the "suspect," unless you write for the Daily Bugle, in which case it's "Spider-Man."
Avoid use of the Comic Sans font. You don't want to get letters from those people.
et cetera - A Latin term meaning, "I can't think of anything else to say."
@lacilaplante @lacilaplante "Midwest"? Like, the middle part of the West Coast? Not sure we know what you're talking about here.
hell - Lowercase, but capitalize Hades. Lowercase philadelphia.
"Nut graf" is a journalism term; "nut graft" was the painful consequence of the Bureau Chiefs' fart-lighting contest.
@andrewkfromaz "Farmer's" Market is the correct term for a place where hippies sell you food.
"Political football" and "Inside baseball" are valid phrases. "Congressional tongue hockey," however, is just disgusting.
@maggiefox Use "Holy Grail" for the cup of Christ and "holey Grail" for the strainer of Christ.
You are limited to one annoying hipster abbreviation per sentence, so do not say, "We totes need the deets on the haps, bro!"
Use "gay" or "lesbian" to refer to people, "alternative lifestyle" to refer to Trekkies and Twilight fans.
To save space change "low-down no-good empty bottle blues" to "depression."
Natural disasters don't just happen. Be sure to investigate to find out what the affected area did to anger God and/or the planet.
In all cases, "presidential" should be lowercase. The bloom is kind of off the rose on that one.
peer-to-peer networking - Why our IT guys roll their eyes when we ask them if we should buy a Blu-ray player.
Newspapers use a lot of paper. Help prevent deforestation by printing on leather.
crash zoom - A film-making term you can use to impress your friends who don't know what a crash zoom is.
Remind testy sources they shouldn't pick fights with someone who buys ink by the barrel by throwing barrels of ink at them.
Only print wedding announcements for traditional couples: preteen girls in arranged marriages to elderly men.
Avoid using foreign-language phrases in your articles unless they have a certain je ne sais quoi.
@CitizenCULLY Since "synergy" is a made-up word, it is acceptable to make up synonyms, such as "convergerprise" and "togethardor."
To stay hip, use "po-po" instead of "police" (e.g., Po-Po Anti-Drug Task Force, Chief of the Po-Po, INTERPO-PO.)
Like "dollar," "euro" is not capitalized. Unlike a dollar, a euro can actually buy you something.
"Playing" for engaging in sports (e.g., playing baseball); "sporting" for having an erection (e.g., sporting wood).
cloture - Something they do in the Senate to do something so they can vote without reading phone books.
h-bomb - Hydrogen bomb; H-Bomb - nickname for Herbert Hoover, 31st President of the United States (1929-1933)
@jaimefoxx It's "botch", which you apparently did twice there.
Articles on sci-fi films should focus on the deep philosophical roots of the work, not the creepy sexualized fan culture it inspires.
Don't use two words when you can use one, unless those two words are "chainsaw duel" because that's awesome, dude.
ALERT: The 390-page style guide update for "Jumble" will XMIT over the wire at 11:59PM EST Tuesday.
@thejoehansen Only cite Wikipedia in stories about Buffy and Angel realizing they could never have a relationship after his S3 resurrection.
hostel/hostile - The hostel manager became hostile when he caught me screwing his son.
@kayleigh_jo_yo When attributing a quote to Paris Hilton, the preferred term is "blame."
social media - What nerds call hitting on underage girls in chat rooms now.
Contrary to popular belief, if a source's van is a-rockin', you can still go a-knockin'.
The proper use of (R) is when stating something a pirate might say. "That squid had a face a mile long, he did (R)."
Covering late-night talk show shake-ups is not necessary, as most of your readers are in bed by nine anyway.
Microsoft has a trademark, so refer to glass-covered wall portals as "glass-covered wall portals".
@Grantosterone: ''Party'' can be either a verb or noun.  "Par-TAY" at Murphmonster's parents' place this Saturday.
The word "axiomatic" is George Will's thing and he will straight up cut you if you try to use it.
Leave in the first "yeee-HAW" in NASCAR fan interviews, omit the rest unless necessary in context.
horsepower - an engine output unit. Horse Power - separatist movement begun by 1968 Preakness Stakes winner Dancer's Image.
Veterinarians who have served in wars and have authentic credentials should be referred to as "vetted vet vets."
Avoid corporate buzzwords such as "paradigm" and "synergy." Simply use "bullshit."
To conduct an interview, go up to someone and ask them questions. It's not like this is rocket science.
infinitive- A verb form that goes on forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and e
@aonicc The correct term for Washington D.C. is "Clown Town!" Because they're all a bunch of clowns! Are we right, folks?
baud - A unit for measuring the data transmission speed of your newsroom's TRS-80 computers.
Avoid accusations of political bias in your editorial pages by only running columns by idiots and lunatics.
Use standard abbreviations for foreign money: EUR for euros, AUD for Australian dollars, CBP for Canadian beaver pelts, etc.
Capitalize "ultimate" only when it is a proper name. The "ultimate Warrior" is the last warrior. The "Ultimate Warrior" is bad-ass.
"Dammit" or "Damnit" are both acceptable, unless you are over the age of sixty, in which case "Dagnabit" is required.
Hooting savages frightened by Twitter's bright sparkly lights may follow us on Facebook at http://bit.ly/7yRG3b
In stories about celebrity deaths, remember the four S's: sensitivity, sincerity, sensational speculation.
Do not put a "12" before "midnight."  For God's sakes, people. Really.
@Mark_Coughlan The proper term for a large number of lifestyle magazines is a "bankrupt."
Only three living individuals are addressed as "the": the Batman, the Doctor and the Erik Estrada.
A "dependent" is someone who is reliant on someone else. "DependAnt" is the spokesinsect for those grandma diapers.
"Dickweed" is the pejorative term, "dick weed" is the dreaded Peruvian Penis Thistle.
@mrbs For 1-5 pizza boxes, use the suffix  -heap.  For 6-10, use -henge. 10+ pizza boxes is a pizziggurat.
Avoid cliches such as "fashion faux pas." Instead, say "ugly as hell."
References to online retailer Amazon.com should always include ".com" even though they actually make money.
Don't confuse "philanthropist" and "philanderer," no matter how much they both put stuff in people's pockets.
Make your outdoors section seem authentic by accepting freelance stories from bears.
@YourFavoritePJ One cites a video as a YouTube commentator would. "Some Gay Shit; some fag retard, June 11, 2008."
Never announce your own book deals, as that would be gauche. (In Bookstores Spring 2011, from Three Rivers Press.)
"Twilight Mom" - a woman above age forty who masturbates to descriptions of teenagers not having sex.
@baldingangrily RE: Capitalizing the names of artistic movements. True artistic movements are anti-capitalist, MAN.
chess - in formatting tournament scores, you--oh, come on, there wasn't at least a prep school lacrosse game to cover?
It's the rule to capitalize "Dumpster," but if you don't, we doubt anyone will really notice or care.
Passive voice is used when the receiver of an action is more important than the performer. Ex: Your mom was banged.
Do not change the name of the police blotter section to "Things Drunk College Students Did." It is understood by all readers.
The suffix "-bate" means "to lessen." Yeah, we were surprised too.
Sabbath - Capitalize in religious references, lowercase when Ozzy or Dio are not involved.
Fine. The use of the passive-aggressive voice is to be discouraged. Whatever, MAN.
@simon_staffans: No, but 2,000 kronor could get you a Dancing Queen.
On first reference, use "Lady Gaga." On further references, use "ugh." See: Katy Perry.
For courtesy titles, ask a woman if she is married, how much land her father owns and why she is speaking to a strange man.
"Catwoman" is the Batman villain. "Cat Woman" is your neighbor whose apartment smells funny.
Be sure to get the opinion of failed political candidates on all major legislation. Their opinions still matter for some reason.
"Going commando" can refer to not wearing underpants, rescuing Alyssa Milano from terrorists, or preferably both at once.
When writing about the stock market, use words that make it look like you or anyone else knows what you're talking about.
Never hyphenate "antimatter," as it will cause the antiquarks to trigger the wholesale destruction of the universe.
Avoid using the word "WOW" in your stories, as Australian readers will think you're talking about their mom.
All scandal names should end with the suffix "-gate," as all scandals center around the Watergate complex.
definately - Used when absolutely certain a guy named Nate is involved.
The word "diarrhea" is hard to spell. Try: transporter problems, Jackson Brown, #3, blowing the devil's trombone.
When it is raining put a circumflex above all vowels to prêvênt thêm frôm gêttîng wêt.
Use commas or dashes for short interruptions in continuity of thought. For longer interruptions use "durrr" or "ah-duhhh."
"Fitty" refers either to rapper "50 Cent" or someone who is prone to fits.
electric/electrical - We danced the Electric Slide all night and ran up the electrical bill with our neon dance floor.
When interviewing Satan remember that he is the Prince of Lies and will tell you his name is actually "Heywood Jablomi."
Putting a lowercase "i" in front of capitalized words in stories about Apple is iDiotic.
"Annus Horribilis" refers to 1997. It knows why.
Jeremy Piven: 1) an actor; 2) Cockney rhyming slang for "drunkenly urinating outdoors."
A speaker stands behind a lectern, on a podium, in a pulpit and abostrum a rostrum.
When teaching journalism, remind students of its importance by noting the cardinal directions spell out its product: EWNS
Answer rhetorical questions. They act like they don't need one, but deep down, they do.
The year 2010 is pronounced "11111011010," but for less formal situations "MMX"
To avoid charges of riot incitement, never run articles on CEO pay next to the "Help Wanted" ads.
@Mandy_Vavrinak: Unfortunate wardrobe choices should be referred to as "The Grammys."
Always add an exclamation point after "Barbara Streisand!" to indicate universal adoration of her. See also: Jimmy Smits!
charticle - A monument to the news industry's misguided belief that being like USA Today is worthwhile.
"Tear gas" is two words. See Appendix: Great Stuff If You Can Get It
The Bureau Chief offices will be closed tomorrow in anticipation of not being able to make bail tonight.
The new decade does not begin on Jan 1, 2010. It technically begins on March 3, 2014.
Muammar Qaddafi - What is this, 1983? We're still talking about this guy? Was he on Idol or something? Also, "Khadafy" is acceptable.
@VXO: The proper synonym for "Urban Lifestyle Center" is "Walmart."
Asterisks are used to guide readers to further information below. An asterix is similar, but used only when the information is EXTREME.
A "beard" is a woman who pretends to be romantically involved with a gay man. Ex: [REDACTED BY OUR LAWYERS]
Write about municipal bond issues as most local government officials see them: Problem-free money fountains.
@Chrishee One does not "use" an interrobang. One submits to it.
@alanataylor Græy.
@adampax: "Hard snow" is an acceptable usage, as is "PCP," "angel dust," "the Devil's baking powder," etc.
There are only three words in the English language that end in "gry": angry, hungry, and schlongry.
Opinion pages have that name for a reason. Please ensure no facts appear in yours.
flare/flair - The Misfits' flares scorched Stormer's keytar. Rio's purple mullet demonstrates his flair for fashion.
Be careful when describing Bo Jackson. He knows.
Capitalize "Indigo" when describing normal children whose parents think they are magical space wizards.
Reading comments on online stories is a good way to learn about your readers. Then drink and drink and drink.
Quotes from Kirk Cameron are always unnecessary.
Use "risque" to describe sexually titillating activity that takes place in active volcanoes or on rickety bridges.
it's Not libEL if you SOmehow eNcode the naMe of the mAN you saw holDing a dogfight bEhind the LibrAry.
Don't overuse commas. Think of the poor children who have to go to bed each night without any.
were closing early for or hloiday party shtu up u guyz im typin so come bak minday for mpore stuff whoooo jaeger bomsssssss
Remember to check the expiration date on your fruitcake jokes.
I before E except after midnight, or the word will turn into a gremlin.
To simulate a white Christmas for your readers, randomly add asterisks to your copy.
"Santa Claus" on first reference, "Dad's credit card" when the kids are out of the room.
When reporting on the War on Christmas, avoid giving away troop movements or revealing supply line locations.
Presents/Presence: The presents under the tree didn't make up for Santa's stalker-like presence.
Note to film reviewers: The studio's PR people may call it "squeakquel" but you were raised better than that.
You can stop running that response to Virginia's letter about Santa. She's probably dead by now.
Avoid impacting colons by choosing words that are rich in fiber.
@petrajane: 'Obligated' is just one of many wacky antics perpetrated upon the world by the United States, the funniest of all countries!
When referring to yourself in a story, always be sure to include the modifier "mild-mannered."
@jammin230: The correct term is stuffing your face with "a mixture of lard, corn syrup, and artificial colors." Enjoy!
@jslaker Use of the word "broheim" has been banned by the 2009 International Anti-Douchebag Treaty.
zero-base budgeting - A method of writing a state budget so that zzzzzZZZZZ...
Always reference how much money a critically panned book or movie has made. That'll show those snooty "critics" what for.
While a colorful detail, revealing a politician's World of Warcraft server adds little to an article.
When a source is reluctant to go on record, suggest CD or cassette tape as alternatives. Do not offer eight-tracks.
expert - 1. A person knowledgeable and well-known in a relevant field. 2. The first person you could get to call you back.
@UatuTheVoyeur The correct form is "wang chunging," not to be confused with "wang chugging."
@CU_Rising: We suggest "Greetings, friend!" though this may cause some to mistake you for a Nigerian prince.
Do not use the phrase "sources have said" unless you can't get any real sources to say anything.
Typing in all capital letters is perceived to be shouting, so only do it when addressing foreigners or the elderly.
IT'S - contraction of "it is." ITS - possessive form of "it." ITS' - the most horrible thing you could ever possibly do.
Avoid using the term 'white paper.' Use 'Wall Street Journal' instead.
Having the right word is much more satisfying than just sleeping around with any old word that comes along.
Do not bracket nonrestrictive phrases with commas. Nonrestrictive phrases yearn to be free and feel the wind in their hair.
"Frak" should only be used if you're fighting Cylons. Are you fighting Cylons? Yeah, didn't think so.
Use "damn it" instead of "dammit," but avoid cursing unless OH SHIT DAMN IT WHO FORGOT TO GET FUCKING COFFEE.
irregardless - The process of watering crops with lack of regard.
Write stories about American Idol as if winning leads to real success rather than careers like Ruben Studdard's or what's-her-name's.
Avoid reader confusion about whether Africa is a country or a continent by never writing about it.
Add the suffix "-punk" to increase a subject's pretensions of edginess: steampunk, splatterpunk, grammarpunk, etc.
Avoid describing military drones as "unmanned," as evidence suggests that tiny pilots actually fly them.
@masto It depends. Are you Neil Gaiman?
"Theater" should only be spelled "theatre" if bear-baiting and public floggings are involved.
@AhwatukeeFN "Mistletoeing" is a sexual position illegal in most of the Southern states and all of Canada. Best to avoid using it.
Spend one day covering a celebrity scandal for every 10,000 non-famous Americans who do the same thing.
If you put a reference to the Hokey Pokey in your story, take it out. Then shake it all about.
Do not confuse "lyme disease" with "lime disease," an affliction caused by over-consumption of mojitos.
It is not necessary to refer to the Mountain Time Zone. There will never be a story from there.
Metaphors may not be used by Journalists unless they are at least Level 5 and have taken the "Imagery" skill.
The plural of apostrophe is "apostrophe's."
@porlob: "Godwinned" should only be used in reference to lucky gambling priests.
Only use the word "proactive" if it will dynamically impact your synergistic throughput paradigm.
drag race - a competition in which drivers dress up their cars in pink and lace to see which is the prettiest.
Advice columns should avoid the following phrases: "justifiable homicide," "purifying flame," "just cut it off."
All composition titles are to be denoted with quotation marks instead of italics because this is still 1955, apparently.
The British spelling of "color" is "Blimey, color, I say! What ho!"
A "carpool" is a pact in which the last living car collects all member's insurance policies.
@Athenrein: Yes, but for simplicity's sake, you may shorten "Unemployed-American" to "American."
@saxopwned Put the figure of speech "coming out" in quotation marks unless it's quotation marks the person is coming out of.
Lap top: where Candi charges you $50 to do a dance. Laptop: where you can see the same thing for free.
Go ahead and use "shit" in your articles. Anyone really still offended by it can go back to Happy Candy Bear Island.
In high school sports stories, do your best to play up star players' big-league chances so their failures are more tragic.
If an editor draws a little dick on your manuscript, it's probably not a correction. It's more likely he just likes drawing little dicks.
@Afolox We would never use anything relating to "sobriety" or "soberness."
@DouggyFresh619 Always cite your mom: "Name. Personal interview. Date."  Don't include the location or circumstances of the interview.
Depending on the situation, sometimes you will want a conjunction, and sometimes you'll just want to cuddle.
"The Batman" and "the Doctor" on first reference, "jeeze, that would be an awesome team-up" subsequently.
In stories about county fairs, use lots of color: "vomit-tinged," "puke-soaked," "spew-sprinkled."
Any headline using the construction "putting the (thing) in (full thing)" should put the trash in trash can.
Gelt/Guilt - Gelt is an awful-tasting chocolate candy coin. Guilt is a Jewish mother's super power.
The candles in a menorah are called Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Vixen, Comet, Cupid, Donder and Leviticus.
When writing a Latke recipe be sure to include the most essential ingredient: Lipitor.
Be sure to remind readers of the historical significance of Hannukah as the time all eight Jewish saviors were born.
Make Jewish children feel culturally significant by telling them the fat man in the red suit is Moses.
Never use "Mc" to denote something phony or subpar, as in McMansion, McJob or Malcolm McDowell. (See: McG)
If your anonymous source is the rock star Prince, change "2" to "to" and "U" to "you" when quoting him.
@Anusien: Comments on LiveJournal posts do not need citations.
@queeneulalia You may use "ethnic" to describe food, heritage, and hilarious, Balki-like foreign customs and accents.
To "impeach" is to charge an elected official of a crime. To throw peaches at someone until they die is simply to "peach."
"Tragic" should be reserved for something unexpectedly horrifying, like your mom.
Spell out the names of roads: Electric Avenue, Dancing in the Street, Highway to Hell.
The word "totally" is redundant except when describing how rad something is.
Electoral College - Not a college, but a cabal of shadow-people who elect the president and control global finance.
"Hacker" simply means "a person who is skilled with computers." To describe a computer criminal, use "Linux user."
"Niggardly" is just asking for trouble, so really, just don't.
@cfCollision: Please see our section "Stuff That Will Never Happen to You as Long as You're Making a Journalist's Salary."
@sarklei: A representative from the Candle Makers' Guild informs us that Chanukah starts with C if we know what's good for us.
Make a Lorena Bobbitt reference every few years to maintain an audience for your Lorena Bobbitt references.
@pbump "Expat" is jargon and should not be used unless specifically referring to people no longer named Pat.
@zup2u2 We do not respond to questions from the powerful anti-turkey burger lobby.
Scientists are always "baffled," never "intrigued," "curious," or "not giving a shit about this Bigfoot evidence."
@BethanyDaigle If you're like Blair, then no. If you're like Serena, then yes. If you're like Jenny, just shut up already.
Italicize words to give your story that gangsta lean.
Use "can of whup-ass" only, as whup-ass is not sold in jars, squeeze tubes or resealable bags.
When interviewing Bill Clinton, remind him that he owes us ten bucks.
Remember, "Frisbee" is a brand name. For generic versions of the toy, use "frisbee."
@IsaacWood Why the hostility? The staff always says nice things about YOU.
There is no hyphen in "postpartum depression." Those are reserved for real, male diseases.
@josecastillo Avoid complicated year-to-year dollar conversions by driving readers away with long screeds about the gold standard.
All mentions of Beyonce should be followed by at least three "hominas."
Note the party affiliation of all members of Congress except independents. Call them "loose cannons who don't play by the rules."
If spelling out an acronym such as WTF or FUBAR, be sensitive to readers who dislike cursing by writing "fuck" in a whisper.
The Grocer's Apostrophe is best used before 02/16/10.
@joelstelzleni The plural of PBR is "an LCD Soundsystem concert."
@_td The only cheese that should be capitalized is American, because of America.
In cutlines, describe people in the photo by position: "Mayor Hall, right, Councilman West, wrong."
Sports Writers: Don't neglect the other forms of the descriptive "dinger," such as "dingered" or "dingeredly."
"Teh" is a common misspelling of "the." Add it to your rival's spell-check dictionary.
The word is "bawl." If you're "balling like a baby" then these officers would like to have a word with you.
If short on space, it's acceptable to leave quotes out of murder-suicide stories and simply state that no one saw this coming.
sandwich - Not to be confused with a sand witch or "Sand Which?", Egypt's most popular sand identification game show.
@VXO: "Amateur radio" and "ham radio" may be referred to as "nobody's listening."
Always capitalize brand names. Ex: Toyota Camry, Kia Spectra, GM Death Throes.
It is simply called "The Big Bang," not "The Big Bang Theory," unless you're talking about that pandering VHF bullshit.
VHF is an abbreviation for "very high frequences" and refers to the channels you don't watch anymore.
@KManion The plural of "Jedi" is "Yodas and shit".
Spell out "Versus" in writing unless referring to Smackdown vs Raw. DO YOU HEAR ME, CHRIS JERICHO? I'M CALLING YOU OUT!
Use "controversial" to state that someone is full of shit, but has deep pockets and is lawsuit-happy.
A "New York" dateline does not need a state. There are no other cities.
@el_gray There are two quantities of frosting: "Not enough" and "type 2 diabetes."
@FortMax The correct reference is "Brian Blessed!!! A-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!!!"
"Fat" is considered to be pejorative, but is preferred to just yelling "WHO ATE ALL THE PIES?"
@JXtwitter Anti-christ is capitalized as a formal title, lowercase other: "Anti-Christ Bill Williams," "Bill Williams, local anti-christ."
@CRUMP: Always capitalize seasons: Flu Season, New Season of LOST, McCormick's Spices and Seasonings.
For the titles of most compositions, use quotation marks. If Bob Fosse is involved, use jazz hands.
Bowling coverage is still considered "sports news," so until we find someplace else to put it, ease up on the sarcasm.
A "homonym" is a nym attracted to nyms of the same gender.
The phrase "sources high in the administration" can give unintended connotations depending on your readership.
When burying the lede always eliminate any witnesses.
Wikkid - only used in reference to Bostonians: "President Kennedy was wikkid pissed about the missiles in Cuber."
When covering gay marriage debates avoid asking "which of you is the woman?" It's the shorter guy.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair should be referred to as "he" despite being a hermaphroditic alien reptoid.
@bodhibuggy Questions about carpets and curtains are not our forte. Please consult @FakeDesignTips.
Infinitives may be split only after extensive counseling and a trial separation.
All terms referring to Batman should be capitalized: Dark Knight, Caped Crusader, Our Lord and Savior, etc.
When quoting news releases pick the most nonsensical sentences so people know what it's like to have to read those things.
@benrice23: Thank you for reminding us: please, everyone, have your pets denoted for the holidays.
editor in chief - Lowercase, no hyphens. Do not, under any circumstances, shorten to "Chief."
@Twat_In_a_Hat: We believe you mean "dundant," ma'am.
"Fuckin' A" should never be used to express disgust or displeasure. Consider "shitballs," "fucksticks," or similar.
Who is that?" may be written as "Who dat?" if the person in question is talking about beating dem Saints.
Instead of "economic downturn," try financial melancholy, moneystorm, global bummer, The End Times.
@00Frog According to the Seussionary, "sneaked" comes before "snuck" comes before "snocked," "snizzled" and "snorked."
@TheJunoReport It is most prudent to never discuss the things you watch OnDemand.
U.S. Constitution - Formerly the nation's founding document, now refers to whatever you want it to be.
Contrary to expected grammatical correctness, "drunkenness" is actually spelled "druhnjkwennessd ohamygods ims o w awssted."
@ravefamous: You're looking for Little Lord Fauntleroy's School for Writing Like a Big Ol' Sissy down the street.
"Stupider" and "Stupidest" are not words, but can be used when describing Internet message board comments.
Do not use the term "press conference." Call the event a "news conference," a "sham" or "slopping the hogs."
@theisb Re: Use of words for "killing." It's a sliding scale depending on how metal the death is, with "slaying" being the most metal.
The singular of "Beatles" is probably only 4-5 years away.
@SheSimmers: If you're freely using terms like "capsicum annuum," you're probably not cooking for anyone anyway, so spell "chili" however.
"Satellite Radio" is a trademark. The generic term is "Radio! From! Spaaaaaaaace!"
Spell out military units. Ex: Fifth Army, Second Puppy Extermination Batallion, Seventy-First Poon Hunters.
The Stylebook offices will be closed on Thursday and Friday so that the Bureau Chiefs can spend time with their families and/or hookers.
Do not call it "saying grace."  Instead call it "offering gratitude to the Immortal One True God of Christianity and No One Else."
FOOD WRITERS: Do not mention your mom's stuffing. That was between us and her.
Your Thanksgiving edition should have a front-page story assuring people that someone else is feeding the homeless.
"Stove-top stuffing" is highly dangerous and causes 40% of all ass burns treated in emergency rooms during the year.
@decillis: Vegetarians on Thanksgiving are "hungry."
@gabriellehughes: See previous response.
Use the term "free-range turducken" only if the turkey has eaten both the duck and the chicken.
@ncardozo Someone without a sense of smell can be referred to as ''ideally suited for working at a comic book shop.''
There is no term for a person who likes beets. (See: bicycle for a fish)
If you feel you have been insufficiently blessed, it is permissible to call it "Thankgiving."
"Tryptophan" on first use, "Dad is too drunk to help mom wash the dishes" after.
A cornucopia is a horn-shaped basket filled with food such as fresh corn and wild ucopias.
For balance, Thanksgiving articles should also contain quotes from devastated turkey families.
The rules for numbers below ten do not apply to 6. He is not a number, he is a free man.
@sarahkalaj "Discrete" is for regular usage, "discreet" is a spelling only dogs can hear.
@ProCommunicator No. We won that war, remember?
TV reporters - Are we right? Are we right, folks?
Should you find yourself interviewing an infinite number of monkeys, relax. Eventually they'll write the article for you.
@bbkld5 The past tense of "wing it" is "fired for losing the big account."
It's got nothing to do with grammar or usage, but flossing every day is still a good idea.
"Old Dirty Bastard" refers to either the late Wu-Tang Clan member or Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens.
Avoid using "decimate" as someone will pipe up about it meaning "remove 1/10th of," and those people are dicks.
Do not abbreviate "Maine." They will call the newsroom and whine in that ridiculous fake accent of theirs.
Vegetarians, environmentalists, and animal rights activists may be collectively referred to as "Communists."
@thomdunn To make "pants" singular, use a pair of scissors.
@harpaa01 You don't spell 'whiskey,'  you savor it.
Refer to new media as "new new media," but only if you like like it and are prepared to go steady with it.
Remind readers that everything Congress does is unconstitutional, as the Constitution clearly established a "Congrefs."
@RickTDXB Only use a full stop if a cop is watching.
Incite/Insight - Sonny Chiba incited a murderous rage in a bear but his insight of karate allowed him to defeat his ursine enemy.
@blearyeyedmom: You call them "Einstein," Einstein.
Remember, colorful charts and graphs will ensure that no one will read the actual text of your article.
The correct spelling of "vampire" is "Robert Pattinson" because he's soooo dreamy.
@uof Addiction is a disease, no matter how you spell it. If you don't get help here, please... get help somewhere.
Commas are probably the most misunderstood of all punctuation. They frequently dress in black, listen to sad music, and cut themselves.
Use “shall” in formal propositions. Ex: I shall rock you like a hurricane, Your Majesty.
"Awesome" implies feelings of reverence or fear. Great Cthulhu is awesome, as is the latest Taylor Swift single.
@msprout One journalism degree is called a 'bachelor's degree', two journalism degrees are called 'a waste of fucking time'.
Female: "Hurricane Jenny", male: "Himacane Jeremy".
@slbrinkley: The style for haz-mat suits this season is tapered legs and wide collars, in earthtones.
@cablebfg Use "lead" for the elemental metal, "Led" for a commercial-free hour of the best classic rock every weeknight at 9.
When a story is killed it is worth 45 experience points and drops one item from Treasure Table B.
In a double entendre, write a figure of speech so it can be taken in two ways--from the front and from the rear.
@morrois Single word as endearment, two words as an exclamation. Ex. "Sweet cheeks!  That rogue gorilla just ran off with sweetcheeks!"
@HipMom Pho Pah is this Bureau Chief's second-favorite Vietnamese dish.
OUT: "Death toll." IN: "Current score."
@Zakkajj "The Atomic Flyswatter" should only be performed from the top rope when your opponent does not have the opportunity for a low blow.
@deepsea33 "Babymaker" to describe sex organs. "Baby-maker" for an employee in a baby factory.
@AaronMCole: The preferred approach is "Who has two thumbs and found out Iraq didn't have chemical weapons?"
@migennes: People who spell "voila" as "viola" should be responded to with voilence.
It's inappropriate to bluntly state how dumb your city's kids are. Just hope readers understand what "underperforming" means.
In titles, "acting" is lowercase, but capitalize the formal title after: "acting Mayor Jane Doe" "acting Swamp Thing."
@iSpradlin: We assure you, there is no way to denote sarcasm in text.
@apokilips For a gender-neutral pronoun, use "it." Did you seriously forget about "it?" Don't do that.
@SugaKaine "Infer" means to extract a meaning from something. "Imply" means "like an imp".
@zestes All people from DC should be referred to as "unnamed sources close to the White House."
Do not use "hung jury" until you've dated them a couple of times and you can confirm.
Be sure to vary your font use in headlines to aid kidnappers in making aesthetically pleasing ransom notes.
"Xerox" is a trademarked name. Use "butt duplicator."
@rakuen42 Call all Will Ferrell movies "Anchorman," as that is what they all pretty much are.
@skselene: When writing of the Warrior you must APPEAL TO THE GODS HULK HOGAN AT SUMMERSLAM YOU WILL KNOW THE POWER OF THE WARRIOR
@goldfine Do not refer to a JD as "Dr." unless followed by a pregnant pause and an emphatic "...of JUSTICE!"
When referring to someone with a Ph.D. as "doctor" immediately follow it with "but, you know, not a REAL doctor."
Ric Flair's "WOO!" should be transcribed with no "H" and with two O's per second of "WOO!" Take care to time properly.
When describing earth-moving machinery, make sure to distinguish between regular bulldozers and deadly killdozers.
@sweave The stray onion ring in an order of fries is referred to as "the token."
@JaySeaver: If it's an Adam Sandler film, the audience should be referred to as "the victims."
When writing about Wall Street, be sure to mention all instances of eyeballs turning into dollar signs.
@TimNekritz We would suggest "We Don't Have to Take Our Clothes Off" by Jermaine Stewart.  Or anything by Queen.
When using "Apocalypse," be specific: Meteor Apocalypse, Punk Rock Biker Apocalypse, Duran Duran's Wild Boys Apocalypse.
Use "faith-based," as "nuts" or "probably dangerous" may be seen as disrespectful.
Do not protect an anonymous anti-Mafia source by changing his name to that of that asshole in accounting.
Use "grandfather" instead of "granddad" because you know better, son.  Really.
References to Canada as "America's Hat" are frowned upon. The correct terminology is "Gateway to Alaska."
@c_morgan: "De friend" is correct when reporting on Herve Villechaize's Twitter and Facebook accounts.
Always remember the six Ws- Who, What, Where, Why, When, Whow.
"Et al" is Latin for "those who know Al." You can shorten long lists of names  by leaving out friends of Al.
ATM machine - Machine that makes ATMs.
@jrlind: All high school students may be collectively referred to as "annoying."
@mediafarm: Randomly capitalizing words is called "marketing."
Stories on the success of new media printed in traditional newspapers are no longer allowed out of respect for the dying.
@iMelody: "Famous" is Paris Hilton. "Infamous" is whoever is currently           fucking her.
@gtrietsc: Breaking news is no longer considered broken once it's been sent off to the repair shop.
Alcatraz Prison should never be referred to by the colloquial name "the Rock."  Instead, refer to it by the more formal "Dwayne Johnson."
@notsusie Capitalize Major League Baseball, but be aware you may only write it with the express written consent of Major League Baseball.
Avoid use of the word "indian." Refer instead to the pet cemetary at the "Native American burial ground."
@jandrew1988: "Appertaineth" is the third-person singular present tense of a word meaning "entertained by an iPhone app."
@Bella_Caccini: To 'Wikipedia' someone is to enumerate all the ways their life pertains to TWILIGHT.
@fiftyfootbride Information on "the DL" is strictly on the QT.
@TJSullivanLA All cooking is food porn, what with all those ingredients mixing with each other, being steamed and what not. It's obscene.
Do not combine a dash & a colon. It will open a portal to the Lost Tomb of Colonel McCormick. Also, it looks like a tiny dong.
Never reveal that the true identity of Batman is Bruce Wayne.
"Wannabe" is one word and can be pluralized, as in "The Chicago Manual of Style editors are lame wannabes."
The passive voice should be avoided by you.
@alangeve The plural of Mickey Mouse is a cease-and-desist order from Walt Disney Co.
marijuana - should not be referred to as M.J. or reefer, nor should it be shared down in the maintenance room, no sir.
@Cojirro A person from Guam is "taxed without representation."
Do not write that someone "sported a mad boner" unless you have sourced documentation of the madness of said boner.
@JamesUrbaniak: We will get back to you as soon as we are done masturbating.
@krinndnz The phrase "neither fish nor foul" is wrong because everything is either fish or foul. Those are the categories of things.
If a person has both played a recurring role on ALF and won a Nobel Prize for Physics, emphasize the former.
@cdzombak Risk, mullets, and bombs comprise McGuyver's approach to life.McGuyver's approach to life is composed of risk, mullets, and bombs.
Never use words coined by Tyra Banks. She doesn't need any encouragement.
Avoid using "gadzooks," lest your monocle pop out and land in your jar of mustache wax.
@thegearheart: In a zombie apocalypse, all personal calendars will count down, not up.
@mebuell The correct spelling is "Lorenzo Lamas' Renegade Taskforce."
To make foreign interview subjects seem exotic and wise, alter their quotes so they speak like Yoda.
@jordanfifer: The proper use of "I love me some..." is "I love mesomelic dysplasia," which we admit is kind of weird.
When writing front-page headlines, make sure they are clear, can be read while spinning and move the movie's plot forward.
@apokilips "Tea spoon" and "table spoon" are nouns. "Teaspoon" and "tablespoon" measure volume. "Coffee spoon" measures life.
@wxgeek @salute24 Ears on! The proper term for a large truck is a big rig, good buddy! 10-4! Over and out!
@susanchamplin The correct possessive form of Yves is "his."
There are differences between "pass," "enact," "approve" and "adopt," but remember: your readers don't care.
The antecedent for "she" in "that's what she said" is generally understood to be "your mom."
grand jury - always lowercase, unless the jury is comprised of more than 60% giants. SEE: 60% Giant Rule
Some proper state abbreviations are Miss., Tenn., Mass. and Calif. Why? 'Cause fuck the Postal Service, that's why.
Robocop and Batman looked at "each other."  Robocop, Batman, and The Orgasmic Slashfic Writer looked at "one another."
@louloumagazine Use the suffix "-ista" to describe someone famous who doesn't really do anything.
@dayfat Veterans Day honors veterans. Memorial Day honors memorials.
All stories quoting Italian speakers must "make-a-them talk-a-like this!!!!" (note: additional exclamation points are NOT optional).
Guerrilla soldiers use unorthodox tactics. Gorilla soldiers are awesome.
"MTV" on the first mention, "didn't they used to play music videos?" on subsequent mentions.  (See also: VH1, M2, VH1 Classic)
@Semiperfect The proper term for fuck buddy is "gentleman caller of distinction."
If you refer to "cyberspace" or "surfing the web" in your Internet story, we hope you enjoyed your nap, Rip Van.
"Bloody Mary" on first and second mentions, "Mary" on third to avoid summoning her through the mirror.
@jadoogan: The Imp Act of 1841 is one of the most discriminatory laws ever passed by Congress and should not be mentioned.
@alangeve: "Supervisor," only capitalized when referring to the Last Sunshade of Krypton.
Walmart is no longer spelled with a hyphen. Target is Target Corp. K-mart is still around, incredibly.
@jdb: Unless you are a diner waitress we would advise against calling the mayor "hon." Consider "sweet cheeks."
Time Zones should be capitalized: Eastern Standard Time, Greenwich Mean Time, Venusian Xzy%b¨ørg Time.
@suzzzanna You may shorten on second reference, but you must use JP Deuce, BOG (Bro of God).
@fourgrant The correct spelling is either "judgment" or "CHARLES BRONSON," all caps.
@drewbobw Use the word "cluster" like this: "Ricardo Montalban proffered a porcelain tray of delicious caramel nut clusters."
The Times New Roman font is neither new nor of Roman descent. 'Sup with that? SEE ALSO: Courier Font Not Used By Actual Couriers.
@TrashGoblin No.
@FitsOfJoy It's not up to us how lukewarm something is. For that, you're going to have to ask Luke.
.@Vinnchan The male form of "mistress" is "Fake AP Stylebook Editor"...ladies.
@aresef Avoid the pejorative term "fat." Use "overweight," "obese" or "your mom," depending on size.
Before using public domain works in your story, wash your hands. Other people have to use them too, you know.
"Video Cassette Recorder" on first reference, "VCR" on second, "We're still talking about these?" thereafter.
can't hardly - Implies a double negative. Better to use "cain't might could."
When referring to litters of children conceived through IVF, always include a quote from a source about "God's precious miracles."
@Shopcake Use "gutsy" for brave, chance-taking sports players, use "gutty" for C.C. Sabathia.
@thillsman The word "Internet" has been officially changed to "Cat Video Delivery System." CVDS is fine on second reference.
@TheJunoReport We don't care, as long as you begin your Ozzy research paper w/ "ALL ABOAAARD! ...ha ha ha..."
To show that words have been removed from a quote, use ellipses. If ellipses are removed from a quote, we got nothin'.
@CountFenring Spell out the abbreviations A.M. and P.M.: "all Meat Loaf" and "perpetual Meat Loaf."
@paulroemer Terms of art are only four years in length and art is not constitutionally allowed more than two consecutive terms.
If your story is about ninjas, be sure to mention them in the first sentence. If it's not, why isn't it?
@amforbus According to the Ohio Players Dictionary, "Fiiiii-re!" is two syllables and should be followed by "Uh! Unh!"
@hannahstasis We don't know what AP calls for, but Fake AP calls for single-malt scotch, not cheap college beer.
@saturdayclub We shall consult with our little friend about the italicization of "llello" and get back to you.
@godisevol Use parentheses for parenthetical asides, brackets for bracketological b-sides.
@LinerNotes Rocktober never ends. \m/&gt;_&lt;\m/
Avoid excessive use of contractions.  The baby will come when it comes.
@davidofyork When referring to Apple, keep in mind any term will be replaced by a newer, sleeker version five minutes from now.
cocaine - The slang term "coke" should only appear in a quote. "Blow," "gutter glitter" and "Aunt Nora" are fine, however.
automaker - Spell as one word, as the U.S. auto industry can no longer afford spaces.
@bellasugar: We would rather not anger the Hulk. Did you see what he did to the Daily Bugle building last week?
@DeannaRilling Oddly enough, only those genres not in the Capitol Records catalog.
Use "The Incredible Hulk" the first time in piece, then just "Hulk." See also Sensational Dionne Warwick, Mesmerizing Janet Reno.
@cfCollision Do not spell out laughs. Describe them: "He laughed muppetly."
@kristinadeckert The proper use for a douche is to apply the liquid to any area that may be dry or have unwanted odors.
@kate_mckean Only use "titled" for titles unless you feel entitled to use "entitled."
@LukeMorris "Jon Bon Jovi" on first reference, "K-Mart Bruce Springsteen" on following mentions.
In a byline, "With additional reporting by" can be shortened to "Big Ups To."
@LynneKelly: The plural of 'Quarter Pounder' is a great taste that can't be beat. I'm Lovin' It!™
@jadoogan Oh, that's nothing that Li'l Lady Leadership should worry her pretty little head about.
A 'queue' is a short line of people or other objects. A 'queueueueueue' is a longer line.
@GregBoustead Often, headline writers use alliteration out of necessity, like when Madison Mayor Mike Manderson makes the most of malaise.
@stylenewsreport Only use "showbiz royalty" for celebrities who issue decrees and hold court, such as George Clooney and Clint Howard.
@prufrockschild The plural of Mongoose is RADICAL BMX FREESTYLING.
"Redneck" is considered a derogatory term but you know what? Who cares about those stupid rednecks.
@TJSullivanLA The correct verb form is "blondie," which means to create a giant sandwich ruined by some hilarious circumstance.
@LeeBurbage List sexual positions in alphabetical order. Remember, "alphabetical order" is itself a sexual position.
When covering a flood always include a photo of a dog stranded on a roof. Throw your own dog up there if needed.
"Islamabad" is a real city in Pakistan. "Muslimaganza," however, is not.
@ICchris The plural of BFF is "Heathers."
"Gauge" describes the size of a "shotgun."  If you know what we mean.  And we think you do.
@ValpoTorch Print phone numbers on a bar napkin or your hand in easily smudged ink or lipstick.
"Furiously masturbating" is redundant, as all masturbation is furious.
@thetangledwebb: The difference between geek and nerd is three letters.
When referring to Lake Titicaca leave a lot of space afterwards for your readers to just laugh and laugh. (See also: "Ball State")
@amanda_massa When deciding between "blond" and "blonde," please refer to our 9:30 PM Edition.  The answer gets a little blue.
@writertee You must redouble effort because it is something that's already been doubled. Before that, it's just "efort."
@aresef: Blogs? Never heard of 'em. LA LA LA WE'RE NOT LISTENING LA LA LA
United States of America - Named for its original Norse discoverer, Erik Unitedstatesofamerica.
@Circeus Do not use Latin names of plants and insects. Use their American names, such as "viney grower" and "shit bug."
Assure:Destro assured Cobra Commander that his boots were very shiny. Ensure: Aunt May gets her daily vitamins from a can of Ensure.
For unnamed sources, agree on an attribution that gives the reader an idea of who it is. Ex.: "rhymes with President Bobama"
@jamaninja Actually, a "furlough" must be contractually referred to as "National Lampoon's Unpaid Vacation."
"Jon and Kate" for first mention, "Jesus, ENOUGH" afterwards.
@meghanne Use "score" to describe when 20 athletes get a goal while having sex with a movie soundtrack.
Do not use "Whoomp! There it is!" unless it actually is there.
@nethydarling The proper term for those who spit while talking is "grody." If they spit in your eye, use "grody to the max."
@iblewmynoza The term for word misuses such as "irregardless" and "supposably" is "uncorrect."
@Holly_Catherine: Yes. And if these displays scandalize the local bluenoses, it's called a "Harper Valley PDA."
@luxfulgens We have contacted emergency services to remove you from the thesaurus machine in which you have become stuck.
@written_bliss "Racking" and "wracking" are interchangeable unless the nerves	have literally been put on a medieval rack. There, use the w.
Breasts should not be referred to as "jugs" unless you need it to rhyme with something else in the article. See also: cans, sweater puppies.
Stories about people who claim to have psychic abilities must always be written as though they aren't liars, for some reason.
Refer to him as "Infallible Supreme Leader of the United Smurflands" when he first appears in the article, then "Papa Smurf." afterwards.
@postcollegecook The plural of July is "Steves." I know that doesn't make sense, but that's our crazy English language for you.
The term 'MILF' should never be used if the person in question has not had children. (See also: DILF, GILF, YILF)
@pdharner ''Hanson Dark'' or ''Menudo Latte'' may be used in place of ''Jonas Brothers.''
@soceaux Re: "Fuck me running," Me Running was president of the Philippines for three weeks in the 1970s. He was very unpopular.
To denote air quotes, "use quotes."
@Elizabeth_Shell To describe more than one octopus, use sixteentopus, twentyfourtopus, thirtytwotopus, and so on.
@MaxtotheMax In research papers, comic books should be cited thusly: "This was from the most kick-ass issue of The Punisher EVER!!!"
@LogosInvictus: re: waterboarding: 	People have been making fun of surfers for years. Didn't you see Fast Times at Ridgemont High?
Avoid describing Neil Diamond as "mesmerizingly sexy" or "greatest entertainer on face of the planet" as it is redundant.
@flybailey: The plural of "Pokemon" is "vermin."
@simonk01 Please direct your question regarding whether "French fries" is acceptable to the 2003 edition.
Replace "situation deteriorated/worsened" with "shit [just] got real." Ex: On day three of the hostage crisis, shit got real.
@ahemphill Instead of either "multi-talented" or "multitalented" use "bisexual".
@ListenToYourDad "Libel" only applies to non-verbal speech. Unless you're planning an interpretive dance against them, you're okay.
"Buggy jockey" is an insulting term to the Amish and should only be used in the online edition.
@d1vya A murse is the unholy mating of a mule and a horse. Coincidentally, its hide is used to make purses for men, many of whom are nurses.
@juiceandbenny In place of 'hour,' we would go with 'sixty minutes closer to the sweet release of death.'
@El_Boomo The correct plural of 'moose' is 'I have been living in central Maine for far too long.'
If the second paragraph of your story begins with "He/she isn't the only one," don't come back to work on Monday.
It is poor newsroom etiquette to throw yourself out of the window to prove that your co-worker is Superman.
@Semiperfect We cannot answer this question because wishing drunkenness is never a state we are in.
@frydave A teabagger is someone who carries around tea in a bag. What's so hard	about that?
When embedded in a military unit, give precise locations so worried mothers at home know their children are safe.
Avoid the archaic term "lunatic." Specify whether the subject suffers from Hulkamania or Macho Madness.
@MissHedgeHodge "Ne'er-do-well" is acceptable only for Snidely Whiplash and other such mustachioed scoundrels.
@Pandorasfoxx: We will consult our manservant as soon as we're done lighting this cigar with a burning $100 bill.
STAR WARS Episodes IV-VI are to be referred to as "The Original Trilogy." Episodes I-III are not to be referred to at all.
@ianhillmedia You may use "that" instead of "who" if the person you're referring to is also an object, like a coffee table.
@Cojirro To answer your real question, it's "an STD," not "a STD," and you should get that checked out right away.
"LASER" is an acronym and should always be printed in full caps. (See also: SCUBA, SNAFU, GAYDAR)
All mentions of the band Dokken should be followed by the parenthetical aside "(rhymes with ROCKIN')."
When there's no more room in Hell, omit the final paragraphs to save space.
@TIHSHO For your modernization of "Masque of the Red Death," use a cherry LG Chocolate playing "I Want Candy" by the Strangeloves.
Play up the dangers of Halloween candy that has been tampered with. Parents need to be irrationally frightened, too.
@sgtwolverine You may call the old groundskeeper's ghost "crippled," but what happens between you and his pruning shears isn't our fault.
Avoid using question marks as they remind people of hook-handed serial killers.
@vixy The apostrophe is correct, as the word is a contraction of "Halloweddiedeezen".
When composing a story about strange murders, always refuse to believe the kids until it's too late.
Always capitalize Satan. You don't want to get dead goats from those people.
The term "Ouija Board" is trademarked by...hey, did you hear something?
@itsaghost You may use "ghost whisperer" in a generic sense, but if referring to the CBS TV character, use her name: Cleavage McGee.
@StC Yes, as in 'THE CALLS IS COME FROM INSIDE THE HOUSE!'
The use of unnecessary quotation marks are referred to as "scare quotes" because they died... ten years ago today.
Names of fictional places are capitalized: Narnia, Oz, San Francisco, etc.
@mediaChick: Use "p0rn" to avoid Google searches, use "pr0n" for anything with crustaceans, and "porn" for anything involving your mom.
@vixy We are uncertain about the plural of 'apocalypse' ourselves, but we bet it would be cool to watch.
@acceptanceworld This is true. Correct spellings are: Sanford & Son, Five & Dime, ham s&wich, &y Gibb, ampers&, etc.
Slander is harder to prove, so avoid libel charges by just yellin' that shit out the window.
@susanchamplin Use "fist bump," but if you blow it up at the end, use "fistsplosion."
If your story reveals the perpetrator of a crime, it is polite to put a spoiler warning at the top.
@ryansholin In place of "letter carrier," you may use "your biological dad."
TIP: When covering City Council meetings, the Mayor is often the one wearing a large sash emblazoned with "MAYOR."
@tom_lyle For clarity's sake, use "The CW and Doritos present Rock Star: Thompson Twins featuring Dave Navarro."
@Digitalrover Yes, feel free to hyphenate "Green Industry."  All hyphens are recycled from discarded E's and F's anyway.
@bigredtriangle Questions regarding the spelling out of acronyms should be addressed to the GCCAAPT.
@malcolli "Web site" is no longer the preferred usage. Use "our Waterloo."
@haleymbryant: The correct term for streaking after the fact is "arrested."
It helps spice things up to insert parentheticals such as "cute" and "won't last" into wedding announcements.
@nivermoore Rawwwwwktober will exist as long as you keep the spirit of Night Ranger alive in your heart.
@nigelstwin Rooktober was removed from play by a white bishop in four moves.
The correct spelling is “Rocktober,” not “Roctober,” which is the month of giant birds.
Under absolutely no circumstances should a head of state be described as "bootylicious," Assunta Meloni excluded.
@dhmontgomery: The Masonic Order should only be referred to secretly. In fact, we have no idea what you're even talking about.
@gregorykorte According to the Fake AP, the best way to begin sentences is	"according to the Fake AP."
In medical stories, the opinions of doctors should be secondary to those of celebrities.
@ElPuercoMuerte While effective, use of "...or was it?" is preferred. E.g. The incident at the circus was finally devoid of doom..or was it?
@dlwh The correct modifier for a student seeking a master's degree is "in	for a disappointment."
@teambates The plural of TARDIS is still TARDIS, but it stands for "Time and Relative Dimensions in Spaces."
@thomlieb Re: sawed-off shotgun, use a hyphen for quail, an en-dash for deer, and an em-dash for the most dangerous game of all: MAN!
Always hyphenate "elect" as in "president-elect," "congressman-elect," "World's-Greatest-Grandpa-elect," etc.
@LakeNeuron Identify each Spider-Man by title: Amazing, Web of, Peter Parker,	Spectacular, Sensational, etc.
@writertee There is only one Meatloaf, and he is just amazing.
@monbocal If there was a space before the colon, all the words would fall out into the sentence's abdominal cavity.
@scarequotes: Use "login" for the noun, "log in" for the action, and "Loggins" when you're footloose in the danger zone.
To make extra money, subtly insert paid advertisements into your work and always drink Pepsi.
@aredg8 Instead of prepositions, it's preferable to end sentences with propositions, so why don't we start a dry cleaning business?
@CiarCullen "A-Rod" is the baseball player, "a rod" is a round piece of wood or metal, and "A. Rod" is our favorite porn star.
@the_playwright When faced with a challenging name, simply refer to the individual by nicknames like "Scout" or "Champ".
@mattduplessis: Strangely, questions about high-priced shoes never come up in journalistic circles.
@nictate As hardcore users of both steroids and crack, we cannot fairly answer this question.
Use "verbal" to compare words with some other form of communication ("poor verbal skills"), use "oral" to be more popular.
Use the inverted pyramid structure for your story, as this pleases Apophis, the Egyptian god of darkness and chaos.
@abaddonbooks "Shhhhhh" for silencing someone. "SSSSSSS" for that awesome movie about snakes.
If you cannot find the source of a quote, make one up. Nobody's reading your story anyway. Get over yourself.
Make use of ellipses and question marks in headlines to entice readers, e.g. "Family of four... found dead?"
@johnennis If you must, use asterisks in the place of letters in the middle of	swear words. But, come on, spell it out, pussy.
.@Journo_Juno: An older man who pursues a younger woman is referred to as "David Letterman."
A "cougar" is a large cat native to North America. An older woman who pursues a younger man is "embarrassing herself."
@mysteryaction Use "stank-ass hoes" to avoid confusion w/ "stank-ass Hoss," which describes beloved Bonanza character in need of bath.
@patthebook Refer to this tweet about script position and the real meaning: https://twitter.com/FakeAPStylebook/status/5072588270
@jvdgoot Is the starlet screaming or something? The labia is the thing that hangs down at the back of the throat.
@suzanneyada Use "bat-shit" as modifier, "bat shit" for guano, and "Batshit" as generic term for the contents of Batman's utility belt.
@NemaVeze After your period, it's probably best to just clean up and try to heal	any damaged relationships.
Ape shall not kill ape. However, should ape kill ape, be sure to run the story above the fold.
@two_pi_r You just had a seizure and fell on your keyboard. Please contact the hospital immediately.
@BabyNameWizard No. Putting k's in places c's should go is bullkrap.
@the_dp: Use "undead" for the first zombie reference, followed by "completely played-out fad" on subsequent mentions.
@cwbfeed The correct pronoun in this case is "Aieee! Gojira!"
@imran_malek Put a hat on an emoticon when its head is cold.
Robots should only be referred to by gender-neutral pronouns, no matter how sexy they may be.
@daveexmachina "Lego" is the plural. There is no singular because what the hell can you do with only one of them?
@RebekahTheGrey The seemingly odd usage of "ironic" in Ms. Morissette's song is due to errors during translation from the original Canadian.
@ChristianExoo Not really our area of expertise, but we suspect it involves fava beans.
@josephdeinlein We would suggest ''found for $5.99 on the clearance rack at Decelle's.''
@willwise3 You can replace S with $ any time you feel like money, playa.
SPORTS:  LPGA — an organization in which 17-year-old girls make more in three hours than stylebook writers do in a year.
@kefuoe You are mistaken. A whoremonger is a provider of whores. Like the editors of a certain Midwestern-based style guide I could mention.
@etcet No comment.
@Kidnicarus: lol
@RennaW For U.S. readers, it's best to precede or replace Chechnya	with "not America."
@elainevydra Use "Internet," or "the Net," or "That really shitty Sandra Bullock movie from 1995."
"Tranny" is offensive and should be avoided. The correct term is "the senator on his day off."
@joshokane As far as the capitalization of N.W.A. goes; it don't matter, just don't bite it.
If describing smells, use evocative terms such as "footy," "assy" and	 "hotdoggish."
@spinye Use "living in mom's basement" to describe someone who is less cool than, say, someone who enjoys style book humor.
@amandafrench Treat an emoticon like a tiny, beautiful face, and the parentheses the frame around its picture. 5 spaces on either side
Never use phrases that are insulting to dead fish, parakeets or puppies, as they are your primary audience.
@chrisb66 An asterisk is used to guide readers to further information. An	asterix is similar, but used only if the information is EXTREME.
@FatElvis04 "Lost moments."
@Carolcdt Use "lay" when laying down an object, use "lie" when lying in a horizontal position, and use both with your mom.
When describing the subject of a story's "assets," be sure to make the next sentence, "You know what I'm talkin' about."
@Ragnell The correct pronunciation of 'heroine' is either 'horse' or 'smack,' depending on the purity of the product.
@pdragonmom We prefer 'vile sorcerers' to describe such creatures possessed of forbidden knowledge.
@EugePYDK: You can use "URL," unless referring to websites from the southern United States. In those cases, use "Earl."
@elainevydra: The Stylebook will discuss that with you over chocolate-dipped strawberries.
Use "student" to refer to college attendees, and "coed" to refer to really hot students.
@RyCayari: Use "inflammable" for wimpy stuff like sparklers, "flammable" for shit that blows up REAL GOOD.
@70ms There is none. All instances of the word "squee" should immediately be followed by the sound of a gunshot.
@ryanestrada Newspaper editors are still around and "The Far Side" is not. Make of that what you will.
@Alexshebar Confine capitalization to formal titles. EX: Prime Minister, Chancellor, World's Greatest Grandpa
The correct plural for "computer mouse" is "meeces," no matter how much certain parties hate it to pieces.
@TimeForJohn Try these email sign offs: I quit/ Can't touch this/ Take it sleazy/ Hail Balgorr the Goatlord/ Up yours/ 10-4 good buddy
@DanielLally: A sentence may be called "rambling" when the speaker has deviated far from the topic and says unrelated things, like that time
When quoting Cobra Commander, be sure to include hissss usssse of ssssibilant conssssonantssss.
Use "quirky" to describe potentially dangerous crazy people that you don't want to upset.
@thelisafaerie You don't.  Nobody watches music videos anymore except for the infirm and brain-addled.
Active verbs should be used frequently, just like your mom.
The first sentence of a photo caption describes what is being shown, in the present tense: "Holy crap, it's Pteranodons!"
The plural of "vagina" is "vaginas."  The plural of "penis" is gross, nobody wants to read about that.
@avivadetroit: We find 'wordsmith' lacks something. We prefer 'copy bodhisattva' or 'sculptor of human experience.'
@willnevin: On profanity: Context is key, but if you think it may fuck shit up too badly, try to rephrase.
Your newsroom is allotted one usage of "Trial of the Century" every ten years. Please choose carefully.
Use "Asian" for people, "Oriental" for objects and "Bad-Ass" for Bruce Lee.
Always remember to close all parentheses. We're not paying to air condition the entire paragraph.
In general, style offices close at 6pm EST Friday and reopen 8am EST on Monday. You don't have to go home, but stop refreshing our feed.
The Channing is a unit of punctuation used whenever an exclamation point is insufficient: The mayor was arrested today, RASPBERRIES!
Use 'Scotch' to refer to the adhesive tape or the drink, 'Scottish' to refer to Starfleet engineer Montgomery Scott.
@Remy Only use 'e-mail' if you need to distinguish it from, say, 'q-mail' or 'h-mail'.
@amanda_massa: "hubby," etc, while not used in journalistic writing, are useful for avoidance when Christmas sweaters are out of season.
Always capitalize 'Bible.' You don't want to get letters from those people.
@Bagyants Learnt, burnt, and earnt are acceptable only if the experience was painful. E.g., learnt = learned + hurt.
@dylanw "Nerdhouse."
"i.e." is for restating. "e.g." is for examples. "b.i.g." is unbelievable.
.@thegearheart "Android" and "robot" may be used interchangeably. "Filthy gear head" should be avoided.
.@ChristinaGayle 'Hafta' should be avoided, as it might offend the anti-globalization contingent.
.@thebookpolice "Doughnut," or "edible torus-shaped ring," but never "donut" as it is considered racist in many foreign markets.
Avoid using the colloquialism "gonna." EXCEPTION: "You gonna eat the rest of that sandwich?"
.@ACEPEMSDP Change the pronunciation so that "H1" sounds like "swine" and "N1" is "flu."
"Arglebargle" should only be used in the non-hyphenated form. "Argle-Bargle," of course, refers to the infamous imperialist bloodline.
.@kpich If accuracy / Is what you crave / Then you should call it / Myanmar Shave
.@erinberin On first reference, use "retweeted." On subsequent references, you	may use "RTed," "copied" or "had nothing original to say."
.@cdbarker We would recommend either 'judaspriestian' or 'contemporary' as a milder form of 'post-apocalyptic.'
.@dianagram Actually, "bloviate" has no meaning at all. The word was just a prank on Aristotle that took on a life of its own.
.@DarthAlbertIII If you spell it "Hallowe'en," you should take a few days off to rethink your priorities.
.@AmandaWills Do not use "nonprofit" as an adjective. Use "broke."
.@chrisgebert The preferred term for Secret Santas is, "people who demonstrate their lack of familiarity through gift-giving."
A surreal comma denotes a list of absurd items: fish mustache, one-legged spoon, glass violin.
@dagsly You may not use the word "obviate" at all -it should only be used by female writers.
@MsStefaPie  "Grey" is a color, while "gray" is a hybrid of grey + gay and denotes a sassy, spunky senior!
Boring literary works can be improved by adding -izzle to their titles: Ulyssizzle, Moby Dizzle, Hizzle of Darknizzle.
.@samstromberg According to our technology writer, "Disc" refers to optical media while "disk" refers to magnetic media. NERD.
@mpaarating Please refer to this answer: http://is.gd/4xTsO
.@alyankovic Clarification, please, for our 2010 edition: Is it "Weird" Al Yankovic, Weird "Al" Yankovic, or "Weird Al" Yankovic?
Omt ndlss vwls.
Instead of UHF, always use "ultra high frequency," EXCEPT when referring to the 1989 "Weird" Al Yankovic film.
Do not refer to an anonymous source as "Mr. Scaredy Pants," no matter how much of a scaredy pants he might actually be.
.@tedstevko The correct term for the whispering noise others make when you walk into a room is "people heard about your arrest."
Until one gains the credentials to be regarded as a	professional, a person who has sex for money is called an	"amateurstitute."
The phrase "the pen is" should be avoided for the benefit of lazy, easily shocked readers.
.@ryanestrada: All caps is indeed correct. Improperly barred I's, however, are a listed felony in 38 states.
Pithy declarative statements made by David Caruso should be followed immediately by "yyyYYYEAH!!!!!"
The correct spelling is 'Mr. T.'  People who type out 'Mister' are fools to be pitied.
.@ChrisParry: Other acceptable accolades for movie poster quotations are "gripping," "powerful," and "...a movie!"
.@jsgf: I don't know, jsgf, when do YOU think it's OK to use the passive-aggressive voice, MR. SMART GUY?
.@erinfitzg: "Y'all" means "you all" and is acceptable if you are Texan. "Ya'll" means "you will" and who the hell ever says that?
A sentence fragment occurs when you
You cannot libel the dead. You can, however, libel the undead. Vampires have powerful lawyers and hypnotism, so be careful.
The interrotilde is used to denote an 'n' that is pronounced as "WHUUUUUU?"
While it's tempting to call them "baristi" because of the Italian roots, the plural of "barista" is "journalism majors."
.@stephenherron "Ensure" is a nutritional supplement, "Insure" is a topical cream for "intimate rash."
"Shiggs" is the approved abbreviate of both "Shits & Giggles" and Shigeru Miyamoto, creator of The Legend of Zelda
IMPORTANT- NEVER USE "Reuters." If necessary, substitute "European snooty-snoot wire sources."
The difference between 'shall' and 'will' is one of conviction.  So show some backbone, wimp.
.@doctork100 The years following 2000 are collectively known as "The Willenium."
.@JamesUrbaniak: Food should be described in lurid detail, along with a phonetic transcription of full-mouthed answers.
Despite popular myth, the Interrobang takes its name from an episode of The Shield.
The correct title for an unmarried woman is "Ms." "Miss Jackson" should only be used if you are nasty.
If you're short on space, "fake" may be used in place of "psychic" or "homeopathic."
Dates should be formated as MM/DD/YY except for the years 1990 through 1992, which should be denoted in 'Hammer Time.'
@potterfreak0515 Only use an interrobang under the advice of a qualified physician.
Place citations directly in text. EX: "...through population control (Hitler, 1938)"
@jeff318 We have bureaus located everywhere.  Some might even be near YOU.
@thefoodeconomy We still advise against "Jewess" unless you have a fantastic jock strap and good health insurance.
@ARTschorn The horse might not be American, so feel comfortable with the first phrasing.
.@bondfool It's just a US/UK usage difference unless you're stating  "Gary Busey has lurched towards me with a knife."
We made an error in an earlier tweet to @drhaggis.  For that, we sincerely apologize to the apostrophe and all who saw us abuse it.
.@tjcwilde The em dash?  We've not spoken to the em dash since they ruined Thanksgiving, 1998.
@Dav3Ston3 "Among" if you're in normal society; "Amongst" if you're in a period drama made by the BBC.
@LynneKelly The quotations on "Deed Restricted Community" indicate that it's actually a big joke that you probably don't get.  Sorry!
.@sufficiency There is no non-US publication. Only publications that are  insufficiently Americanized.
.@Drhaggis "Man-At-Arms" because of the characters' association with He-Man, "Manowar" because METAL, remove hyphens on the third.
.@gronumbulator If you feel like you might not be up to using hyphens yet, take a refresher course in hyphenation from a community college.
When referring to TV shows like CSI and NCIS, write names as acronyms without periods. L.O.S.T. is the notable exception.
Use the letters "h", "d", and "v" liberally when discussing goths: Dhraven Soulsvadovv vvhorks part-time as a checker at Vveghmans.
The noun "Wang Chung" should be capitalized, but not the verb.
Pluralizing colloquial references to the Internet is frowned upon and may adversely affect your credit rating.
When writing about a stabbing victim's "fountain of blood," be specific. What kind- Drinking? Soda? Decorative?
@donni Single word, omit the hyphen when referring to organically grown.  Use the hyphen when referring to factory farmed babies.
@downswinging We would recommend ''win candy,'' but deny we did so under oath.
@MattDellinger These are "Small Caps" http://is.gd/4wvMe The smaller letters you refer to are "letterbabies." (And no, you shouldn't.)
.@TheRealSethW: "He is a douchebag," "douchebag behavior/attire/etc," "to engage in douchebaggery." Short-form "D-Bag" may confuse readers.
"Handicapped" refers to the disabled. "Handicapable" should only be used in reference to the preternaturally talented at golf.
.@laurenist Neither. "Frenchie President Frencheau Frenchpants La Rue" is the standard usage.
HEADLINE WRITERS: Avoid adding LOL and OMG gratuitously.
Do not change weight of gorilla in phrase, “800-lb gorilla in the room.” Correct weight is 800 lbs. DO NOT CHANGE GORILLA'S WEIGHT!
.@tylluan: Use footnotes if you want to look like a big smarty pants, parentheticals when just writing for your bros. Endnotes? Be serious.
.@Eliz_Castro: Someone should only use "rebel spelling" ("grrl," "boyz") if they wish to indicate they were never cool enough to be a rebel.
If you start a sentence with an action, place the actor immediately after or you will anger Christian Bale.
@haplo3k The plural of Blackberry is "Blackberries."  The plural of Blackberry users is "Dingleberries."
Video game titles are written in all caps. Make note of the game's ESRB rating as well as the number of deaths linked to the game.
Precede basic statements of fact with 'allegedly' to avoid accusations of bias: 'the allegedly wet water,' 'the allegedly poisonous poison'
Refer to him as "President Obama" when he first appears in an article, "Soul Brother Number 1" in subsequent mentions.
@dodgemedlin The hung/hanged "error" in previous Tweet was a ruse to flush out Royalists and the Queen's spies.
Use the quintuple vowel to transcribe the utterances of small children, "Daaaaaddy, I waaaant a Pooooony!"
.@cruelhazel: "Batman" may be used informally ("let's go, Batman!") and "The Batman" formally ("Mr. President, this is the Batman").
@llimllib Affect is verb: "The songs of Liza Minnelli affected the crops." Effect is noun: "Behold the effect Liza has on the corn!"
@JamesUrbaniak Umlauts should only be used when referencing Nü Metal, the Canadian word aboüt, and in Conan fan fiction.
Change British spelling to American spelling or risk being hung as a spy for the Queen.
@Dwade Those should only be attempted if your newsroom has a special 19th Century computer keyboard with a diaeresis key.
"Spider-Man" is the name for the wall-crawling super-hero; "Spiderman" is the name for my proctologist.
Use "i.e." when providing a specific clarifying example, and use "e.g." when referencing noted actor E.G. Marshall.
.@justindlc: The distinction between "thee" and "thou" depends on which Ren Faire troupe you belong to, you big nerd.
It's "trick or treat" (no hyphens,) but hyphens are included in "trick-or-treaters" and "get-off-my-porch-you-little-brat."
"Fuckhead" should only be capitalized at the start of sentence. When referring to a talk radio host it is hyphenated.
The numbers one through ten should be spelled out while numbers greater than ten are products of the Illuminati and should be avoided.
.@kingthor Yes, you should include "To Boldly Go..." in your Star Trek article's headline if you want to be known as "That Guy."
The ™ symbol is a tribute to the great comic strip TANK MCNAMARA.
Since the 1986 edition, the plural of McDonald's is officially McDonaldses.
Use "BAM" and "POW" when writing about comic books, because nothing is more timely than references to a 45-year-old TV show.
Use a possessive proper noun in front of a movie remake title to convey crushing disappointment. (e.g. Tim Burton's Planet of the Apes)
REMEMBER: When referring to Australians and New Zealanders, the term "Ur-Humans" is to be avoided.
The plural of 'dracula' is 'CHRIST GET OUT OF THERE!'
In the news industry, an '80s celebrity sex scandal is known as a "trifecta."
.@itsaghost: The term for someone who has soiled themselves due to a ghost is "spook-shat." I.e., "Shaggy often spook-shat himself."
Use "drink" for the present tense, "drank" for the past and "WHAT ARE YOU LOOKIN AT?!?" on most Friday nights.
If you do not have an interviewees' full title, use their most defining physical trait (e.g. "Alan Hayes, fat guy, said...")
@doctork100 I think you meant to ask "What is the difference between 'its' and 'it's'?"
Avoid using the letter 'G' as it is unlucky.
Capitalize "Executive Mansion" only in references to the White House or the genitalia of Ernest Borgnine.
There is no such thing as an "Oxford comma." The other guys in the newsroom are pranking you.
Use emoticons to let readers know exactly the type of person they are dealing with. \m/ O_O \m/
You may not say "no one could have suspected..." until you have interviewed everyone on planet Earth.
"Your" and "you're" may be used interchangeably if you are an idiot.
Take note; the semicolon is never to be used correctly.
An ellipses may also be used to denote when you got bored writing a story and tabbed over to Facebook to fuck around in Mafia Wars.
@Carolcdt How would we address the THAT vs WHICH question? With our fists.
Capitalize names that are also titles. Ex., Prince, The Captain (& Tennille), Knight Rider.
@BrittSlovak Periods in RIP or not? That is a question that your heart is going to have to answer, Britt.
@BookGnome Uruguayans, Poles, and residents of former British colonies must always spell out Doctor Who.
Capitalize titles when they precede a name. Ex., King Kong, Captain Crunch, Count Dracula, Kid Rock.
Words that substitute for Ted Nugent are capitalized. Ex. Ten Fingers of Doom, Motor City Madman, Mr. Wango Tango, The Nuge
Do not begin a sentence with the phrase "Um, actually..." because it makes you look like a dick.
Use quotation marks to express skepticism: Cher’s “Farewell Tour,” Creed’s “Best Album,” Jay Leno’s “comedy.”
.@kiala: It is not "women's issues" or "women issues," it is "dirty bits pollution."
The word "boner” is not capitalized, regardless of size.
.@karpo @cyktrussell: "Shortless" isn't a word because it lost a bet to "infotainment" in a bar ("The Lucky Donkey") in Tijuana.
.@L_Evans: The proper style for mentioning H1N1 is to say "WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE" at least once, followed by dozens of exclamation points.
.@GChriss: We specifically rephrase the question in responses so context is given, and everyone can see our reply. Also, your fly is open.
.@angrycoworker: The serial (or "Oxford") comma may be used if you are a Pollack, a Kraut, an Eye-Tie or a Frog. Otherwise, be an American.
.@jason1749: We suspect you mean "teh." The popularity of "teh" will fade as the Internet fad passes and we return to teletypes.
.@betarayblog: One burned kitten, three children if parents die, six children if they are already orphans, forty if they are not white.
.@doctork100: Stores leave apostrophes out of department names because they signed the Apostrophe Accord of 19... screw it. We have no idea.
Open a story with "It was like something out of a nightmare" or similar only if two or more children have died.
.@Andrew_Taylor: It is only OK to open with a HGTTG lede if you are content with the amount of sex you've gotten to date.
If you ever start a lede with "Webster's Dictionary defines..." you will be slapped. Seriously, cut that shit out.
Never call a Catholic priest a "kiddy-diddler" unless he has been convicted, or even accused. Instead, use "alleged kiddy-diddler."
Use 'sick!' in brackets as an editorial comment on something awesome. Ex: ‘Apes with flamethrowers [sick!] burned the police station.’
.@robcrogers3: "Fork Stabbing Eve" is only hyphenated by Commies, fairies and the British.
.@DLCallaway: Ironically, nothing says "full-on asshole" like a semi-colon. Pause in conversations so people know where you're using one.
.@EugePYDK: The "foreign squiggly lines" above and below letters are a liberal concession to the secret One World Government that rules us.
The names of holidays are capitalized: Lou Diamond Philips Day, Mononucleosis Day, Eiffel 65 Day, Fork Stabbing Eve.
.@daveexmachina: Brevity is important in all ransom notes. Try "...or the bitch gets it."
.@KingOblivionPhD: "Dad."
.@DLCallaway: When covering "Nü Metal," you must use the umlaut every time, for every possible letter. Also "throw up the horns."
.@jdkrach: In all instances of balloon boy coverage, a journalist must use as many exclamation points as possible before they begin sobbing.
.@jason1749: When trying to recapture the love of an ex via spray paint, do not use punctuation. That will remind them of the sad times.
.@EugePYDK: It is appropriate to wear a black tie to a cocktail hour dress code event so long as you are also wearing other things.
.@TheOtherJeff: Yes. But conserve your mix of comma use for Tuesdays, where the points count double.
.@highway_62: When they die, zombies are no longer people. Use descriptors. "Fat zombie," "Hare Krishna zombie." But not "Bob the Zombie."
Dr Pepper doesn't have a period in it. An easy way to remember this is 'Doctors are dudes and dudes don't get periods.'
All television show names should bear the 'Spanish exclamations.' ¡CSI: Miami! and ¡Taxicab Confessions!, but not ¡Jeopardy!!