Local gang chatter told me it’s called the cap...
While driving for Domino’s gang images were stopping my breathing by covering my airway with the images hand many many times and I couldn’t breath it’s.called the cap. Where there hand covers your air pipe inside your throat
And that’s after alex othons family said while tracking me said you elbetter not go past our home and showing a gang imaging of my grandmas old house to not go down that street.
That after hearing the same way as always christina clantonI.e pierce Clinton via them again on blast saying this time that they are going to sue me and further gang chatter.
While at work just now after a delivery the person via gang chatter I.e blast says that they are card counters and that they will make sure that all my deliveries go to their sets and that no one is to give me a tip.
neighborhood and where I work at neighborhood.
instigate something I just ignored her.  I am said to be jumped because Brandi wants to pay for that and to have me killed and was saying she is footing the bill to pay someone off to do so then she asked my neighbors to go in on it with her. Am hearable as all gang chatter in my
times as well it’s a way they kill people to where you cannot tell if it’s a killing. Then ken while not doing anything to stop the people assaulting us was on me to make me not move to where I couldn’t do anything like check on my son.  Evelyn kept trying to poke and prod to
another room reportedly by the Evelyn and the capoodos friends image ken hockey/hocker (spelling) s gang affiliates that my son was being forced to have problems breathing while other gang images and lights pressure block the airway in your throat this has occurred to me many
was going into my mouth and throat and you can taste it. And yes moms window was open where the image was coming in from. All of this occurred while mom was in the bed and I was sleeping on the floor mattress that is mine on the floor of moms bedroom. My sister and my son in
them a reply while sleeping accept to get your skank images out of my bed as their images were assaulting me( their gang used images of themselves in which do apply pressure and you can feel them) Evelyn’s was over my mouth having a bowel movement with the toilet not there and it
everyday since elementary school to hear them or their friends voices gang chatter and images. Last night some gang chick named Brandi was all bent outta shape over me verbally defending myself and said either they were gonna shoot me or force a fight with Evelyn I did not give
I was harasssed all night by Evelyn Williams (spelling) and Jason capoodo brothers also known in the gang chatting and targeting of me as capoo toes (toes curled when the toe part is to be said or else they will likely attack you I.e some stupid gang code crap) . I am forced
No used door locks so shouldn’t be an issue
But I won’t know until we are offered another key or not
While sitting here watching the landlord fix our door I am seeing images of #15’s residents telling the landlord that they used to own that door knob that the landlord is putting on my moms door. But honestly I think it’s the same one he took off that he’s putting back on.
company had me change my account pin that I heard via gang chatter after I picked it out they said it several times in varying ways and now I can’t remember that number because of the confusion from gang chatter saying it too close to my head being heard so that was worthless.
new laptop was hacked and I had just put in my cell phone number and pin into the account and they hacked it so they likely easily got all of that since I have been getting weird calls mimicking my computer virus and hacks assistance companies worker voices. And anyways my phone
confusion and so to end all the drama I was looking it up but my web stopped working. My phone company when I called using my moms cell phone told me all they can call it was a possible system glitch. Then when I told her I was looking up multiple cellphone account when my brand
remembers hoagies being one of my moms favorite places to eat )because I couldn’t recall how to get there from where I was as gang chatter were telling me to go on Bridgeport while I was thinking at first south tacoma way and because of their voices to close to my head it caused
Today my phone stopped working it stopped working prior to trying to contact my insurance company to take care of that bill. Then I was going to use google maps to get to hoagies (I saw and heard Jody parsons gang used imaging and gang chatter talking to me about how she
In which in my case is gang targeting. I don’t know how you think of it but I know it in my case it’s a fact. The gangs just don’t want to go to prison for the length and deaths around me they have caused during this targeting.
Meaning the ghost like imaging of people walking around harassing people 24/7
And as gang chatter is saying. It truly was across town on opposite sides way out there that the two thought to be separate incidents until after the police showed when their two images together began being shown by gang activity
With their images and gang chatter in the air meaning their barking voices heard throughout town
Likely connected as I have seen their images while they were gang harassing me while tracking me as how else would they know where to have the images in the air harass me anyways the two of them together in imaging via themselves etc taking video of themselves and harassing me
This within hours of me being screamed at by some woman on 66th or something. And me being stalked by her gang used image of herself while driving. Then while on the opposite side of Pacific Ave long after that a man chased me down and assaulted me
Also my computer was hacked last Friday. And I have had to do some time consuming things to adjust to circumstances around that.
At work last time I worked at dominos I was assaulted by a guy that n blue after he tailgated means chased me down.
My mom not my me m
Oh and I’ve gotten a few posts wrong it is cedar crest apartments that was one of gkhs shooters hideouts
called here and make mom make knee jerk movements to lose at the casino just for giving me some money because as we have all heard the gang members don’t want me to have money to take care of my priorities financially.
My me m was threatened by Jody parsons raidons image gang used image of herself told my mom after giving me some of her casino winnings that Jody was going to make her push and stop doing it moms typical way of using the casinos slot machines at local casinos whatever they are
Again gkhs shooter is tracking me and I am seeing gang imaging that looks like a large hologram of him
If I don’t remove these posts.. and I have received imaging confirmation of yes
Gang used imaging of the home of the last post is warning me their vote is my youngest sons school for their next attack or my older sons work place
I was at that point when it happened out at that bus stop on the bench
I just delivered a pizza to the house that some of the voices were coming from when my and the O.G had the argument that culminated in the graham k h s shooting...
The prostitue’s image sexually assaulted me during her very intrusive harassment when she kept hitting me and kicking me and kissing on me and licking my private area and telling me she loves me etc.  I could feel the sexual assaults and it was gross.
cameras here and there at my work to validate where I was and with whom. Nice attempt at a frame job. My mother the retired administrator sleeps in the same bedroom I sleep in... lmfao so no no prostitutes were brought home nor vice versa. Lol
All morning after work while in my moms bedroom after I recorded gang chatter from Naomi Chavez talking shit. Via gang chatter.  I was harassed by apparently some prostitute who says she is going to frame me by contacting my job and say that I purchased her however... there are
I have been told via gang chatter by my neighbors in 16 that I supposedly have Mexicans. I do not hate Mexicans nor did I say it. Even though their horrificaly gruesome gang imaging attacks on me.
will get me kicked out by having an emotional outburst and cause household unrest.
while trying to sleep this morning I was sexually harassed and assaulted by Brian Munfrair and Joshua Whites images of themselves projected into my bed at the end of moms bed in her bedroom.... it was horrible. I kept thinking I am not going to give you the reaction you want that
to see my friend before he leaves out of area. So later today it would make sense for me to shave etc. but gangs want to force something bad to occur to document my unshaved body. What they don’t get is in an emergency nobody gives a fuck about unshaved legs. Lol
cause me to go to hospital simply because I did not shave my legs and arm pits to have e. R document that. That is the local gang chatter that I am hearing and it is occurring. I am not going to the e.r as I have to work tonight and in the morning when I get off work am hoping
While sitting here reading and trembling uncontrollably because of gane used lights which we nice again are being pointed at a power line to catch some of the electrical current and then the end hitting me while another light is going through me and end itpoinring at a plug in to
No again I am still not the dramatized drugged out skank who is talking and acting like they are saying what I am saying while typing. No I am not on blast nor talking outloud
There meaning investigated or even noticed by him so he would know what everyone is talking about
targeted and gang stalked and because he denied the papers he denied the discs that the gangs threatened people’s lives if I turned them in so I tried to smuggle them to him in my black bag so no it didn’t get there either.
And yes that pierce transit disc I still own and nobody’s lost or stollen it and I did in fact as there was a witness who spoke on the bus I did try to give that disc as with the others to detective Miller who refused all the papers documenting my situations of being gang
No I don’t have a voice I have been studied for over four decades so they know about what I would type etc.
And I am sure there likely is one of he and Naomi Chavez as well however I hats not the one with me and him.
when I was a teen at spinning wheels roller palace slow skating together the spinning wheels one did occur and no one there recorded it it’s illegal survailance of my situation that the family there tries to envied a feeling by showing me... the only feeling I get is creeped out.
stop with the images of my neighbor in 16’s private’s and Jocelyn’s but flying in and out of my mouth. The image of the neighbor in 16 was a long video projected video where he and I supposedly got into a sexual situation that is the same household that keeps showing me and him
school tomorrow and my mom who sleeps in the same bedroom I sleep in so as an attempt to get them upset so me and my son would have to move to again another unknown situation caused by gang targeting. I couldn’t help but continue to complain out loud that my head hurts and to
light accompanied with gang chatter stayed through my head for a lengthy time and I could not move but my head/brain was fealing like a major headache etc. same type of light tonight associated with gang chatter to annoy my little sister and my son so they would have a bad day at
After the rest of the household went to sleep I have been harassed by gang chatter and a white light going through my head I have a pierce transit disc I ordered of again my situation back a couple years ago when I was on the bus and someone saw me get hit which a whit light the
I took care of it by reporting the SSA issue.
due was a typo I meant to type do.
I.e my employee number
What is strange is just prior to that I was being harassed by gang chatter saying they have to hack dominos to get rid of their complaints and they began asking me for my personal info for work.
Do not due lol
I just got a frodgulent call from said to be an officer for social security administration that I have an arrest warrant in my name. However since I don’t recieve social security income and don’t due any fraud it must be a fraudulent call. I have been trying to report this over
bottom and I would fart that they would do that until I stopped having a gas reaction to their light applying pressure into and up in my butt.
The gang chatter was blatantly stating that my private’s stink and that everyone was to blast about it because while their gang projected image of themselves were sexually harassing me with their head at my private’s and then a gang used light strategically would go up into my
me from court actions against the gang targeting.
I have been hearing gang chatter on blast that I am getting bad customer comments due to me stinking because they want me to lose my job, they being gang members and like minded. This is employment downfall another part to gang targeting to keep me out of money to attempt to keep
I am so used to gang imaging of themselves projected however it done streamed via a laser light to here that I just asked one to pop a zit on my back..... it’s like they are a family member or something that I hate/love it’s sickening..
#canthurtme
#can’thurtme hello please read my page from end to beginning because of tweet over tweet. I am a gang target and am listening to this audio book right now
@PierceSheriff the link being the shooting was at a nearby spanaway area school
@PierceSheriff trophy meaning their criminal acts the troughy like hanable lector who kept the trophies of those he killed like the head in a jar etc. type of trophy only the real kinds. gangs live by codes and themes and in this case a spanaway school and a nearby named similarly apartment
@PierceSheriff jon Vozzy old time best friend of Isaaks from when I knew they lived in Spanaway
@PierceSheriff another hide out of his.
@PierceSheriff being said on blast stemming from those apartments and I am sure he has used those apartments as a hide out. also Isaak or his brother james lives accrossed the street from Fern Hill Elementary school and there is also a lot of gang activity there and there too is rumored to be
@PierceSheriff about how close they are in relation to my whereabouts. I would go with Ceder Crest in Parkland gangs in this area like to keep their trophies by themes like similar names. there is a school named Cedar Crest in Spanaway. I see lights and imaging of him saying exactly what is
@PierceSheriff you need to check Ceder Crest apartments in Parkland, also Jon Vozzy's families homes, and Isaak James and James Isaak brothers as in same family. I am stalked by them and they use in air gang imaging notifications the underground kind to terrorize me while at work and at home
ON in your life so I don’t have to go through this any more.
their own personal business neither one of those situations do I want occurring so please stop harassing me and smearing my info while covering your asses and no illegal tracking or survailance or illegal electronic nor technical intrusions nor contacting me or about me  and MOVE
While images of gang members in their situations impossing on me and my family via illegal gang images of themselves and gang chatter/swarm and are talking about me while speaking of my private medical bisiness they are also covering their asses to make it seem like it’s about
One of the many pierce transit discs I tried to give to detective miller
I have the pierce transit survaillanced video I ordered from pierce transit due to him talking about murder and he told me repetitively I will let you down for west side or spanaway or something while signing it on his hand
image of the O.G. I met on the bus I still have bus video and #16’ s images told me the stuff while at my work about FCC and heroine
was out of heroine for sale. I was also tlold some other things but still it was quiet tho images were still around eves dropping and trying to mess with me. After I got home I was sexually harassed and attacked by imaging groping on me and this is still occurring. Last night the
the morning was when the FCC,from what gang chatter said was doing scans for loud radio frequencies. That too was amazing. Last night though I was told that it was because my neighbor  was having a heroine withdrawal and was lashing out over it and then I was told the neighbor
Later on last night in the early morning after I did my last pizza delivery and was working on the dishes at work there was much less gang chatter and it was AMAZING!!! It it was like getting my senses back and being happy!!! The last time it was quiet like last night early in
https://t.co/o7tPjyioeG
There is some black yuck or substance that looks like it was sprayed or squirted on my passenger side door and handle...
Damn typos
Posts not pasts
Well I just tried to hide pasts but am unable while hearing work place harassment via gang chatter telling me that my employment is now in jeopardy
This after I made a complaint about a meth smell after he was in our work place bathroom... sounds like your trying to cover his ass by shifting blame
hen it's from gangs you know when it's about you.
As we all know gangs try and make people look crazy and while they are trying to make me look bad I will still say what we all are hearin...
I don't even smoke ciggerettes man I am not a drug user move it on!!!!
This within 24 hrs of a co- worker whom was asked by gang chatter to say that her oil looks different than it’s supposed to about my car when it didn’t this co worker is Mexican...
The gang chatter had said last night that they are using their pinpoint type of lazarium type of lights to apply pressure to my seals in my cars Moyer to try to cause engine damage
every second I am harassed and even when awake and harassed via gang targeting techniques it is further stressful and tiring...
I am harassed all day and night via gang targeting techniques to where I never seem to get enough sleep due to the targeting then, when I am finally able to get out of bed it’s too damn late to get my damn work clothes in the washer and I am too tired to really care because
like it’s me doing it even tho it’s not me.
And yes while I am a gang target that does include being illegally gang survailanced and there for they see me writing about what I think and then they use binoculars and they read it outloud and say what I write at times on blast so they are in the know of how to make it seem
to your next attempt of targeting or as I have said and written many times, try something you haven’t tried  before and stop targeting me.
claimed schizophrenic that they would leave me alone so I tried that and it didn’t work they didn’t keep their end of what they put on the table to be untargeted by them. I am not a real schizophrenic so you won’t find me truly fist fighting with their images... lmfao so move on
to force me to truly look schizophrenic to where I end up in a nut house. They try to get me to hit them in the face but as I’m not a real schizophrenic I am just a gang target that has been begged by gang chatter and taunted and haunted by gang used imaging that if I just
I keep hearing and seeing 3d type of images of gang members all around me and they keep on saying kiss me CLO Lopez then his or another gang members image comes over to my face like it wants a kiss and I swat it away like it’s just another fly on the wall because they are trying
I keep hearing gang chatter about what has been occurring on my twitter since I opened the twitter account so obviously there has already been gang activity and hacking and people in gangs looking into my shit and gang chattering about what goes on with my stuff...
Dang gang imaging can cause car accidents while driving so you gang members etc needs to stop. I am working my driver delivery shift right now.
Stop projecting her image into my fucking car
Or in a county or dumping quit gang chattering at me while I’m driving and stop projecting images of the woman in white pants
Contacting the president
Meaning today’s harassment over conting the president... this all came up for watching the news
friends and like minds that also gang chatter and visually assault and harass us to where we all get minimal sleep and are horrified so often that we are becoming desensitized to their visuals etc. this has been very embarrassing and I am tired of it.
This all occurred because me and my family and yes my mom were watching the news and then I said in private to my mom that I am in agreance with the president about the boarder wall due to being a gang target and due to drugs because of their non stop gang swarm and all of their
Dig not dog lol
write the president about being a target as I am the Washington state target. So stop pointing your gang chatter type of illegal communication and visual imaging of yourself at me and my family and our situations.
a dog Brenda tiny now Holmes image harassingly trying to make a dig decided to harass me about joining the presidents side and said she should write him as a laugh in my face as her lifelong freind Naomi Chavez is targeting me she as is Brenda so no it wouldn’t be their want to
to continue to stay on with them as the gangs wouldn’t allow it they threatened my young family members etc. my grandmas dissolution of marriage was the first in Washington and because of that I had decided long ago to get something done about gang targeting of my family. Then as
I have joined the league of women voters to try and pass laws but the gangs were very Abusive to me about it because I wanted to change some laws about gang stuff to get them to back off and stop their targeting of me and my family and loved ones and friends. And I wasn’t allowed
I have decided I am going to try to write the president about why I Washington’s states big target is in agreance with his decision.
Like I would know or care to tell his story except for the story that I know and that’s that his family was a well known spanaway gang family and that I’ve spoke to him and then what he had done to that poor woman and her baby
I have been hearing gang chatter harassingly telling me that I am to tell Kong’s story and then later being ridiculed by gang chatter oh you know Kong’s life story I can’t wait for you to tell his story by the same gang chattter
just to poke fun. I have been seeing his highway shooting since it occurred and have been haunted by his family since.
All last night I was harassed by whom is said to be the Kong Thomas family I did know Kong Thomas back around school age after a dance when I spoke to him and he asked me if you were in a gang which gang members oils you be in? I said while knowing he’s a blood a crip laughingly
I am hearing the gang chatter... of some immature weirdo yelling shit
No am means I am
And am currently hearing gang chatter about what I am typing
on with my mom while also illegally gang survailancing me and my mom.
gang used imaging of Margaret and yevett and Winnifred Henry harassing us while my dad was long haul truck driving and when they split up to get the scoop over what my mom was doing and they psychologically harassed me and would drill me and ask me questions about what was going
I am being harassed by my dad Martin lee Roy Henry’s sister yevett ‘s daughter pirouette. While staying in a shelter in downtown Seattle not so long ago I was told by yevetts gang used image that pirouette her daughter was standing near me etc. I since being a child have seen
forcing onto me that supposedly I owe the trolls money but as I am their targets it’s not my fault nor my want you skank so you aren’t getting a dime from me you joke!
While being sexually harassed and assaulted a gang targeting use of imaging as they are doing it while it’s occurring are attacking me via their self projected imaging techniques directed on and at me are now telling me because their images are getting off on what they are
Every time there is a crip attack the bloods then hone in and make further attacks because they think it’s safe and it will look like the crips did it and vise versa... immature
I was just threatened that if I download an app to catch hacks etc they will continue showing illegal child vouyerism of my son that they are illegally survailancing of my youngest in the restroom
I just don’t want him to have stomach issues like I have from having to deal with the sexual harassment in the bathroom. So to utilize his phone to take his mind off the harassment is why I continue to allow him to take it in there.
I am now seeing illegal gang voyrism type of gang used images of both my sons in the restroom
so he too must be hacked, and wiretapped .
Someone via gang targeting just told me to tell my youngest son to not take his cell phone in the bathroom with him. I allow it because if it makes the sexual harassment via gang members gang chatter and images of themselves in the bathroom less prevalent to him then he can...
And over our opinions and observations while at home watching a show and as always talking about our thoughts about the show to each other we are being harassed over our own private conversations,
Over watching the housewives and me and my household made our own observations to ourselves while being illegally gang survailanced
I am still being sexually harassed this time over how I eat my food. I just was told I will be marked as Italian Mafia target.
When my jaw is moving its GUM food or lozenges
and blasting it. I am not the scum that’s gang chattering as I have a life.
of gang targeting I am seeing and hearing gang chatter stating that they are only illegally showing the side of my face jaw to make it seem like I am saying what they are saying although I’m not. And if I am and I Am gang survailanced then they are reading what I am typing etc.
I am happy to say however that I did quit smoking a few days ago and still haven’t smoked. I am using nicotine patches, gum, and lozenges to quit and it’s going very smoothly. I am very proud of myself. So while the scum surveillancing even via illegal stalking and that is a part
serving occurs on Friday. And they are saying that it could be a few things none of which are their businesses to be illegally gang targeting and illegally gang surveillancing me so much so that they know all of the possibilities. This is illegal legal harassment...
Just like the gang chattering dum fucks are blasting about, while illegally gang surveillancing me and wire tapping and hacking my cell phone are saying yes I got a damn voicemail today stating that I am being served. For what I don’t know but just like they are saying the
Lol I even messed up my typo fix lmfao it was supposed to say don’t you hate em??!!!
I forgot the v and spell correct “fixed” it
Have=hate
I may have to sue your ass too... STALKERS don’t have hate em???!!!!!
And I’m glad I did keep that delivery address as I have been sexually harassed by his ass ever since...
I kept your address too for trying to use images to landmark where your ass lives... I have a gps app asshole
.  P.O.S. When I worked at 38th and pine Domino’s
So me weirdo that I delivered pizza to the other night whom was a problematic customer he said via his gang used image that it was him raping on me while I was upstairs in my floor mattress trying to sleep while his image was raping me while mom was asleep same bedroom on her bed
Heaven = heavy gang ....
When I had my very first restraining irder it was under the name of Brenda Lynn Henry my maiden name after I was adopted. Prior to adoption my name was Brenda Lynn craft
primarily bloods although he just came here from his dads with heaven crip involvement going on ... either way gangs constant swarm and in air chatter is effecting our young children’s thoughts and beliefs or he’s being brainwashed at his dads by crip propaganda.
video chat of him or if he’s visiting here began saying no gangs don’t brainwash people etc. my son also asked if bloods are racist I said no all gangs are bad not in hole racist. So my son has been hearing the racial slurs made by gang chatter in the air and thinking that it’s
air gang chatter that we hear it is a form of wide spread brainwashing and how North Korea uses tv and radio stations to do the same type of propagandizing of their citizens. Ken my sons dads friends image and I don’t know if he is streamed via other gang members pushing a online
situation of them in 3D only life size harassing ya when I began telling my son how brim on monking jay to catch a fire hunger games movies was brainwashed by being with the bad guys they then began to spin what I was saying to my son to my son when I said it’s just like the in
their gang used imaging inclueding my sons dad and wife and Jill krabbe are and have been ruining our Valentine’s Day as I chose to spend today as Valentine’s Day with my youngest son and younger sister Anna. Their images of them in their spaces illegally forced into our
CPS worker notably always in blue their images as well as Christine fisher whom I had my very first restraining order on for stalking me and the Iranian John with the red fierro whom I was boyfriend girlfriend with while I worked at Denny’s on 108th and Pacific Avenue all of
While trying to spend Valentine’s Day eve with my youngest son etc I am being harassed by ken who owns my youngest sons dads house  and yes Ken moved to Arizona and they do the rent or whatever however they arranged it. Anyways Ken and my sons dad and imaging yes gang used of a
I just finished my Valentine’s Day shopping finally after and during all of this harassment.
I have been harassed all day by people associated with my youngest sons dad and they are using imaging of themselves projected to my every location in fear that their Valentine’s Day for my son might outweigh theirs for my son in their attempt to buy his effection.
I knew her from school
felshia Greens (spelling) just said she is having a drive by occur and she marked me via her image due to last post
Well I was harassed by felishia green last night....while trying to sleep her gang used image refuses to stop haunting me.
Nor am I if and when I sue for non activity of stopping this shit would I ever give any of you a goddqmn cent.. more of their smear and lie campaign well known to people whom are gang targets...
And no I am not paying anyone to bring out what’s occurring it’s just gang harassment trying to cover their asses for what’s going on!!!
And all tho gang members are harassingly trying to cover their asses by saying what I a normal person would type after I’ve been haunted about it, to make it seem like it’s me on blast when it’s not!Fact!
showing you to make it seem like no one will believe me over their gang lies and smear campaign to mock the situation
And that’s the true hit that they are talking about while Stacy duval and Jody parsons raidon sit there and cover their asses by acting like it has to do with music. And yes I am haunted by their images covering their asses just to cause distress by showing me what they are
vibrator or dildo it was never me doing that
I also while trying to sleep earlier was harassed yes sexually harassed by Jill krabbe s image jirating, as gang chatter put it, on her floor vibrator or dildo while seeing an imaging technique of someone else who looks like me but is thin and as I’ve never owned a floor sticking
hit me from and or by. And they are also saying lakendrik at work is going to be hit if it’s a workplace drive by shooting
While sitting here with gang ghostly imaging which is the same as gang image and gang imaging and gang used imaging all harassing me in my moms place I have been seeing gang members dictating where they want bullets to hit me at and from which gang members those bullets were to
gang chatter is making it difficult for me to be able to make out while the images of gang members etc are in and around my car space messing with my ability to hear where the precise location of the sound is coming from.
While hearing gang chatter talking about a clicking sound my car is making while they are tracking me and illegally gang stalking me. I am trying to drive and be able to notice where the sound is actually coming from but the skanky irratents arguing about my situation via their
about etc.
I keep being told by gang members and etc who use images of themselves that they are going to poison me by breaking into my car and lacing something in my car like MY coffee etc. and by the way that is in fact the same images and imaging etc that I have typed about and written
While at Starbucks in the drive thru I am still seeing Christina and Joey jihnsons images in my car from some gang used imaging as always pushed or produced from somewhere else harassingly placed into my immediate location
Turning=during typo and that’s all the equal means is as always a damn typo being corrected no not a code word as I am not joe code
I knew them as well for I’m when I went to school in spanaway and yes I have seen while working at spinning wheels Russell there at spinning wheels
images returned to attempt to make a statement to try to make it seem like they could not apply that much pressure to hold him down.
After and Turing me asking my youngest and only son here to go and get me a towel from upstairs burly and Russell finchums images were holding him down so he couldn’t get up until their images hovered away from him and then he got up after the pressure and as downsized when their
The only reason I am responding to gang chatter and their questioning is an attempt to get police to help and notice that I am a target yes the target they are blasting and haunting via their gang used imaging about
Yes I am staying with my mom again as is my youngest son
Tennisson not tennis on
While playing lava monster with my little sister yes the youngest one ravante browns image is chasing her. At her lower regions... so I stopped playing yes his gang used image
And that is why my headaches and hurts and why I don’t fight it too much is because it hurts and is protruding into my brain
Images hand applying pressure to my head turning it and pushing and pulling it to wrongfully in most cases cause me to look externally as though those are my answers..
My head is being moved by an image
She is saying she is in multiple areas at once obviously via gang imaging
Her gang used image is lying due to her o.g or pimp or something
Only I am not watching it
I am seeing more images of valentine or whatever her name is on wmw
Well I slept slightly better last night.. even tho Joey Johnson and Christina’s images were harassing me all night. Ever since I and Joey broke up in jr high I have been seeing his and Christina’s gang used imaging harassing me
Alex othon a blood from spanaway
Alex said instead of me being his side target I am now his target.. then he referred to me as Brenda tennis on while his image and Guamanian families images including the ones living in my game home are haunting and raping on me
And the posts I deleted were due to gang members images directly on me controllng me and causing  my nerves to act up
While being harassed by gang targeting I am seeing imaging via illegal gang activity of gang imaging harassing my entire family and the gangs targeting us are showing the illegal targeting to police and we are forced to see the police laughing and thinking its amusing
And I am on break and have been while typing this
targeting if they don’t allow me via their targeting campaign to file then I will keep it so that if there is a Guamanian attack’s on me then the police will know where to look.
After delivering pizza to a Guamanian in a red shirt his image has been harassing me. So has his gang chatter he is obviously illegally gang targeting me and tracking me as I am at my work place seeing his image. I have his address to which I will keep to file harassment and gang
I am seeing an image of an o.g stating that someone from work to get out of a gang has to date me. I am not dating him nor am I going to pretend to.
When I told detective Miller the detective over the rape case that I had statements and documentation of being gang stalked and targeted I was told to bring them in and then when I did with the cd’s he did not accept them after seeing how many there were.
Damn spell correct and typos.... but when things like this occur it’s hard to get it down right while being scared
Not doc but pierce transit bus disc
warning in front of the camera  atDeville townhomes was to not call the police or your son is dead and he then said he’s dead anyways then he changed it to making my youngest son gay.
I just got a warning from the o.g on the legal doc from pierce transit that I still have but I tried to slip it to detective miller when trying to give him the statements and documents in which I have writtenabout being gang stalked and targeted and he refused to take them. The
This type of thing is all day every day occurrence not only to me but also the young ones in the household.
mouth while I am reading my book I bought while with my mom at the dollar store. My mom is to into what she is watching on her cell phone to notice.
While trying to read Al Roker’s book “The Storm of the century” I am being harassed by an image, likely of a prostitution, as the image is gang used illegal sexual harassment with the girl who’s image is there is speaking about how good it feels when her images vagina is at my
Been not whatever it was. But I have been seeing gang images accompanied with gang chatter
Seeing not swing
up to that night and our store went from as you all have likely heard via gang chatter a 5star location to a 3star location
While at work and at home not just today but anyways I have b en swing gang used images of the lady from Washington’s most wanted and being harassed again that the health department would be called on my Domino’s this happened the night before the health dept came out and leading
before light waves move faster than brain waves and over powers your brain function.
While trying to take a nap through gang chatter and swarm up close to my head a images finger was applying pressure to my brain and tho I could not sleep I could not move and was held down by the image protruding into my skull and applying pressure to my brain as I have found out
will just stay in the store at dominos to help
How can I drive again with images kissing on me like last night. Last night my car got messed up and it  I slid into a curb. My manager just called and said I cannot have you call in tonite you have to either drive or be in the store helping. So I
But know it’s about gang targeting
I just told my boss I am calling in because I can’t drive in this and I am too stressed and too tired.
Thr atened =Threatened = means typo corrected not a damn code
No I will not be with you scum no matter what you make it appear to look as tho it is
This while my mom sits next to me and unaware of how annoying this is also my two sisters and my son are here
They just thr atened to shake it up... likely meaning they are going to have other gang images and the gang members etc behind them molest on me etc.
the other was ahead of me at the county city building yet again someone I haven’t spoken too
One of the gang members I passed by in Fred Meyers and I heard gang chatter and the blonde scum prostitutes image was saying I have a woo for you.. and that’s when her image after I got home from the store began trying to kiss on me so much so that I can’t catch my breath. And
Now after being sexually harassed and assaulted by the gang members behind the imaging while trying to sleep I am dead tired and being called into work as I have gotten shit for sleep.
They are putting flyby on my sons head and saying I will light you up in flames until your mom takes that post off Twitter.. the gang used images are saying that.... but I refuse to take them off due to if something does happen we know who did it.
While it’s occurring
All this while ravante brownes image and Kermit Omar Gordon’s were molesting on allyssa yes the degunyas biological children whom were fostered by my mother Linda Henry where this is occurring and she my mother doesn’t see it due to the other images making her focus on the t.v.
And while Anna was being blow torched her ex mother and her ex aunties images yes gang used imaging flew over to me to tell me well she has to get used to the irritents
I just moments ago saw a gang image with a blow torch burning Anna my younger sisters tongue as she reacted to the image  by grabbing her tongue and saying owe that hurts my tongue is burning....
And I’ve seen them come swooping in
spin is that oh she’s a target her son isn’t safe... remember it’s his friends etc that’s doing It!
bad is that family time is being robbed of us all. And just as I typed that an image of my sons dad and his relatives and I’ve come swooping in to begin their propaganda about how my son isn’t safe from you guessed it.... his own dads goings on is the truth of the matter but the
While sitting here with my mom son and two new sisters I am being sexually harassed assaulted sexually via gang imaging where there are gang members projecting the gang images and it’s their will to do so illegally.  And seemingly my family doesn’t notice... lol and whats just as
and no I am not in a gay or bisexual relationship
like they are cracking the case of the target
when I said woo's I meant the bad way as they are trying to cover their asses and act like they are on my side so if a deal is made via bloods and in-betweens to pay crips to take me out and vice versa then it wont look like they were the ones who did it... so they want to act
as does her biological whomb Jessica DeGunya and Rachel her sister
My neighbors in 16 at moms place keep on using their images and talking with their images in and on and above me and my moms heads and forcing family issues... and Kim Andersons image is continuously inside and controlling Alyssa my younger foster sister so does her biological..
all night until my cell phone died I was video recording blue scanning lights and also gang chatter and images but the gang chattering neighbors said they are hackers and can easily hack and change my videos and yes more than one persons image said it..... at different times.
as always while minding my own business I am being gang swarmed and harassed by images of those gang members swarming me.... and they are as always affecting negatively my family relations
I say that because I keep seeing images of police taunting me via gang used harassment
And no CLO Lopez I am not nor have I ever been a gang member nor a prostitute!!!
And it’s been happening while I am driving and at the work place. So much so that I’ve been walking around swatting at them to try to get the assholes away from my face.
kiss on me and they are kissing on me and tonight for the most part it’s been bloods.
While at work I am being sexually assaulted via gang used imaging the Ladarius kind with the images at the end of the gang used pressurized lights. They be going into the restroom while I’m in there to sexually harass me. They won’t stop putting their faces in my face trying to
woo's not wood lmfao
they are trying to make it look like I am in a relationship and force me to accept their harassment to where I have no choice but to accept their sides.
I am being gang swarmed as usual because I refuse to take bloods and crips wood.. their images are trying to kiss on me and making it very difficult to breathe correctly and I was diagnosed by the e.r. as having COPD
And Brandy saying that is because she wants to cover her ass for gang targeting me.
being a gang target although its because she is trying to cash in if I chose to sue anyone for non action etc. I have also been told by some Brandy from hosmer area's image that I am and or was her prostitute... Never have been... Never will be....
prior to showering and during I am being harassed by some bitch from the county city building who wants me to be her bitch.. via her using an image projected into my immediate location and sexually harassing me. She wants to claim that she is the one that's breaking my case of
And yes I think they were mad at me during gang targeting
news this morning.
last night I saw gang used  images of Evan Ellis' half /step sister April,  whom I knew from Spinning Wheels Roller Palace  an image of her and Evan stabbing at her and then a guy had said that he is going to go and stab someone. And then someone stabbed a woman and it was on the
hardin dealings=as it was a typo heroine dealer
@PierceSheriff chatterers
During this visit to my dr for copd I am also seeing gang used imaging of Jody parsons raidon and others like people from my work and also Stacy duval via illegal gang survailanc of me and my private situations done by them against me. No not my son my son hasn’t done anything!
their illegal gang surveillance. I am also seeing imaging of Linda Tylor yes gang used Ladarius type of imaging of her placed in my dr visit in which I am currently in a dr. Visit.
While trying to quit smoking ciggerettes  I am being harassed by gang used imaging of people smoking to force me to crave further than I already do. I am trying to quit smoking due to new “diagnosis” so says the e.r of copd (as we’ve all been hearing via gang chatter because of
using while threatening me and my child’s life( the youngest child) and threatening his school this is effecting my job performance and home life.
still have not been contacted by police for that part of the 911 call. The rest if the 911 call has been dealt with.  This is effecting my job as I am receiving warnings from him while driving for dominos and due to the 3D imaging and other gang used techniques that they are
I am still being gang targeted by the GKHS shooter and his image speaking what is being heard on blast about threats to where I drive while delivering pizza to dominos and although I have said it in a 911 call that I have information and am hearing things about he and isis I
When I tweeted he also threatened my son I meant my youngest son.
Not only did he threaten me but also my youngest son and he showed me imaging of him doing that to him tonite
smothering me to death. They also said that that’s how all those people whose die in their sleep die. They also showed me imaging of the person whose body was found at TCC was found.
Chris Campbell via his VR meaning his (virtual reality) image came to visit me in my studio saying that if I don’t delete the last tweet that he will waterboard me via his images hand being out in my air way blocking it via the pressure of the image stopping my breathing and
VR
My old spanaway area type of neighbors Linda tylor and Chris Campbell won’t leave me alone i was harassed all day by their virtual images messing with my spine.. yes fealable
While outside my own place of employment I am being hit with gang used Lasarium type of lights that are hitting power lines prior to hitting me... and am being told they the gang members using those lights are going to do this to me while d livery driving for my employer...
Brainwashing Techniques You Encounter Every Day (and How to Avoid Them) https://t.co/yZnxqq87kN via @lifehacker
Did not dud
Said not sin
What makes it worse is that they had and NRA. SIGN AT THEIR DOOR AND AFTER I GOT HOME THEY CALLED ME AND SAID VERY LOUD THIS IS THE NRA this call is being recorded I sin no its not ok to record me and I hung up.
The brown haired girl that was angry last night at me was at a home where I had to serve her food it was awful....because it seemed to not effect me because I still successfully dud my job...
I deliver pizza and last night I went to the home of someone who claims to have harassed my exboyfreind and his best friend so much that they committed suicide.... I delivered food to them.....
@PierceSheriff Both are in tacoma
@PierceSheriff Charterers is the radio voices that we hear over our heads 24/7
@PierceSheriff Kim s ‘ suivide anfd rob mcdougals suicide Kim was robs best friend
@PierceSheriff I heard on blast an overhead conversation that the graham oapowsin shooter is currently in cedar crest apartments on 108 th street tonight about an hour and a half ago. I also have information on the person who said tonight over head as well that she was the chattered who caused
@dominos Thank you
@josephsuttner @DamienKIRO7 @SafecoField It always causes stress when you’ve invested in something big and it goes away or changes... I misss the Sonics
Did anyone watch Q13 the other morning when they reported how a laser could be pointed at other planets? I wonder if that could start a universal war... Because then we just might have some Van Dam universal soldiers? Lmfao
Whois@garlicjim
with my home situation I am a mommy bear and if the police won’t do their job and if I have too and if he puts me in that kind of situation to where he acts like he’s gonna climb that fuckin fence to kill us while saying it I will blow his fuckin junky head off!
in to the police station on 37th and pine to try and get a police report done about Hardin dealings and they refused to do anything.. I am too tired for this he swares he’s gonna shoot me every time I go out side. So I flip him off because I live here legally and you don’t fuck
Every time I go to bed I keep getting woken up by this man that is said to live in key banks property behind our place. He keeps talking shit to me because I have a problem with his drug drop at the kids bus stop.  I’ve notified 911 and as usual nothing .... and I even went
I have a job with dominos pizza delivering.. even though I was targeted during the process by gang chatter and lights from gang used illegal porn. The chatter was trying to frame me as being their friend so it looked like their were people on my side when there wasn’t.
Been alive
I am so embarrassed... this gang activity / targeting has been so embarrassing my entire life has been embarrassing and yes that’s why I am so good at not looking and feeling embarrassed because Iv been thought to by being so embarrassed my entire 40 years of my 42 years I’ve
😭
I hate being a target and I miss my old best friend James Mayberry
End Family Fire https://t.co/l1FP1bybfa
Ok
@FCC I am being blasted about across xm radio I want something done about it it’s badwill you help me shut them down it’s in a lot UHaul truck around here, I just had to change my name due to this.. next step is my ss number.,they keep saying it on the radio frequency and channel
My mom just told me minutes ago that she hates me. She said it two or three times right infront of my youngest son... my last child I will ever have had to witness that.
Twitter about this is gang targeting techniques like pirate radio stations and constant swarms have been blasting it. Next time I change my name when my child is older I will have money saved up to disappear somewhere.
I was born in Downey California with the name Brenda Lynn Craft and then I was adopted by Martin Henry and Henry became my new name. Now due to my name being ruined by gang members targeting me I have changed my name to Samantha Dean Craiger. The reason I chose to come out onto
I couldn’t even have myself involuntarily committed today.... I can’t get right riiiiiight!!!!
nobody is doing what the drunken quack is saying. Then she started talking about a sister of mine then she said their baby in their homehas the same name as my little sister
My damn drunk neighbor won’t shut the fuck up.... she and her friends gang chatter wakes me up. Then I go outside for a smoke and the bitch is like an ankle biter and she starts halusinating saying someone is in the back with their pants down doing a hot dog or something...
Still gang chatter and swarm
WHOIS@msrachelteodoro
Through the courts
That I am the gang target with the first biological last name of Craft prior to adoption.
So although I finally after 40years of being gang target took their Schitzophrenics charge as the gang swarm chatter says it and they swore that would end it yet I am still constantly harassed...now I am going to prove what we all know because we all hear and see it.
We love you and miss you Timmy! I hope your only hearing the good things in heaven muah! https://t.co/5XJT1ghVBn
https://t.co/o9HgRfNFKC
“ not @ typos
There is a lot of imaging damn VR of Tracy good enough lying trying to steel what I said and felt about Timmy at the open casket viewing... I am even seing my supervisor as a imaging he said@ would you expect anything less”??
I am at work being harassed swarmed by gang targeting. One of the guys that work here is said to be related to the guy that killed my old friend Timmy skimhorn
I heard this wAs going to happen...gang chatter
Man ambushed boy, shot him over 20 times with paintball gun, family says – Q13 FOX News https://t.co/BCpxZHp1Ez
I went to. Counseling agency and told them I am a functional schizophrenic.
Today as there was an impending hit said to be from California to kill me( I heard that via gang swarm) I went with schizophrenia to be in compliance with the gangs targeting me.
Great job Seaaaaaahawks!!! Woot!
Check it out https://t.co/dM50M4xjnD
Gooooo Seattle Seahawks!!!
Love it!! https://t.co/JsCPuYM7l3
it was their gang suit, as I am typing it. I have been seeing these imaging projected at me ever since. I think it’s supposed to as the gang chatter just said invoke fear however... I’ve been desensitized to the imaging... so over it.
I have been seeing ever since the situations occurred an incident that happened at Spinning wheels roller skating rink where a gun was put to my face and shot. And a drive by I was in, on the receiving end. Both claimed this morning via Gonyae Park area. Now they are saying that
I saw a military airplane getting hit by gang used pressurized lights yellow and green... and I went into a state of shock thinking it was 9/11 all over again.. just several minutes ago while I was driving with my son in the car.
It
Only Julie’s man is on the perpatrating side and she cheated on Ron as I was shown ot back then.  She wasn’t in shock she juat knew what she and Shawn were planning so it just ain’t hit her like it would most victims as she really wasn’t one.
of Ron Sigsworths ex Julie when he died which is why they are doing this part of their targeting.
usually later turns out to be cgi of my family members dying this has been happwning by gang produced imaging and projected at me.. that way when it really happens I will be completely desensitized to their deaths and look like a cold hearted careless bitch much like I thought
I just was forced by gang imaging to see my child’s death... I am awaiting for a call back to see if one of them is ok. The younger one I called his school to see if he was ok. I called my mom to see if she was ok... I hope Devin is ok. I am forced to see what looks real but
RT @FCC: FCC proposes rules to implement Kari’s Law, improving 911 calls from hotels, office buildings &amp; campuses. #OpenMtgFCC #KarisLaw
county city bling and file an abti harassment order. It was gang targeting /stalking
Last night I was stalked by Billy Parsons I knew him when I was a kid he was a next door neighbor. Last night I went to the YMCA and I was stalked by his gang chatter sexually harassing me while I was working out. I filed a report I have to call on it today then go to the.
typically when being referred to as gang activity a dig to cause distress that it will be even harder for me to prove that I am a gang target that is illegally gang survailanced
I heard gang chatter via imaging swarm coming right from CLO Lopez’s mouth while his image VR is what it looks like, that he himself is going to be the regions gang task force leader while his Vr imaging of himself was saying it while acting smug and cocky and making what is
Some intimidation and threats recently made to my son via gang Vr type of imaging right to my son. Some are shown of my son being reminded and threatened when he is not with me. Via their gang VR projected type of imaging.
My sons dads gang relations Russell and Burley are intimidating my son to bring to his dads the watch and I phone I bought him so ken can have them I’m tracked/hacked because of recent plans to take them to court and have them checked for hack/track.
Further warnings of upcoming terrorist attacks from Fiero John my ex boyfriend.
t well because of situation and Gang used lights aimed at my eyes so I couldn’t see as I tried to watch it over and over again same result.
Then neighbors telling me via rooftop gang chatter that they stole my bike off of my front patio and desired to rub it in my face that they put it in the back of the truck. And while I later watched the imaging on owners surveillance system in his presence I couldn’t make it ou
And then wanted to call the police to look victimized so they wouldn’t look like perpetrators. However weren’t going to call police due to 5.00 parking supposedly owed to owner... then yesterday someone moves out.
This morning more gang chatter about them wanting to break into my car. Neighbor propaganda about their supposed car brake in at their place. We don’t believe it was broken into as we saw their projected imaging that they put the items in upstairs bedrooms.
Spinning wheels roller palace was a skating rink in which was also my first employer.
In my moms bedroom not on lol
Via VR and projecting their situations on me while I was trying to sleep on my moms bedroom.VR virtual reality underground usage of it...gang used harassment techniques and their like minds
up to me.”
to work for them and they blast about it while I am forced to see their imaging saying what’s being blasted. Two people whom used to go to spinning wheels one of which is my boss/office person from my job people ready had tried to force sexual contact with me to try and “make it
The gang swarm chatter has been riding my family trying to get us to fight and argue and their VR imagines of my latest bosses harassing me about my taxes and how strange it is that they don’t have me do tax forms they just pick what I claim while I’m out on my way to a job site
Think of this in terms of underground gang used like VR for drug dealing, porn and child porn activity,and gang targeting and you should easily understand what I’ve been reporting to police and the courts forever seemingly. https://t.co/jUrzYaO10d
Angel
and I thought at the time it was an angle and I have never stopped hearing that scummy “angle” since age two on blast.
understands it’s not schizophrenia so I will likely get in very big trouble today because of the gang harassment that caused me to have to try and get her to realize what’s been going on with me since age two when I first was spoken to by these kinds of gang illegal activities
I just finished typing my mom and texting her about the underground gang used VR type of illegal porn and pediphile gang and like minds techniques to try to get her on the same page however she will likely be pissed about all of the texts I have had to send her so she
This Is How Valve’s Amazing Lighthouse Tracking Technology Works https://t.co/lVMtz2Ilh3 via @gizmodo
And no I don’t have cancer as we’ve been hearing it’s just thickened skin on that side of my face.
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: And this is the imaging and gang swarm underground stuff I call 911 and the police about all the time. https://t.co/K5…
And this is the imaging and gang swarm underground stuff I call 911 and the police about all the time. https://t.co/K5U7bB89tu
Virtual Reality And The Law https://t.co/FguUHyc0vm
I quit that job because I can’t watch her get defiled like that any further and know that she is in danger and the police won’t help her.
that it’s clearly on there, meaning on the recording . And they still did nothing about that this is in reference to a prior situation yet the same tArgeting issue.
I called the police to follow up about the neighbor that creeped out on the girl at my work area in downtown Tacoma and threatened to rape her and told them that I recorded gang chatter hArassing us all night and that he, the same neighbor made direct references about her and
And yes she said it to my face the last time I walked in there.
And I also must say I was told by that woman at Apple that they were likely going to refer me to the police as there isn’t much their tech department was likely able to do.
drive.  I  am bringing it to the courts I have had it. The polices inability to do their job has now been in a state of wreckleasness for years now and that’s the most I am going to say on here about the charges to bring to a judge about the issues at hand.
youngest sons total mall experience was ruined and I was harassed into spending extra money. Then I was further harassed and audio recorded me and my child being. Harassed by gang chatter I had to pull over because between he and the gang chatter and imaging it wasn’t safe to
spoken to there at Apple then I began seeing illegal gang used double images of her after she had walked back room and out of site. And it was extremely rude and obnoxious and I did not spend a thousand dollars each between me and my sons devices to be treated so rudely me and my
went to Apple to ask for help where I waited over two hours and the entire time there was gang chatter harassing me and my son and they were then when I began getting pissed decided to try to make it about my tech support issue and it sounded. Just like the woman that I had
it’s still illegal to access someone’s devices and harass them. And since they specifically said blue house that shows it’s gang related.. so the police said they will not be giving me a ref# or a report nomber as that’s something to deal with through your phone provider. Then I
off as there was a long line of cars to get through I heard blatantly like my cell my watch and my car phone had all been hacked and when I yelled they said hey you shouldn’t try pairing devices while outside of a blue house... so I called the police as that is irrelevant because
looked and what do you know the iPhone watch had air plane mode on it so I rolled down my window told them to mind their own business . So then my car phone had disconnected to my cell phone as did my watch so I got that issue fixed while still there then while beginning to drive
So today I went to my sisters school to pick her up and I was parked curbside in a line of other students families to pick them up. I was a crossed the street from these houses that the person inside said that you have to turn off airplane mode to get your watch to work so I
All night and all morning there has been gang chatter again I am and I will continue recording the gang chattering swarm around me.. to keep on reporting it to police until I need to bring it into court due to the polices lack of dealing with the situation.
towards the gang members... lmfao !
I’ve recorded 5 hours + of wall/rooftop gang chatter. I called that in. I’ve also called in gang chatter this morning on blast that there was and then also said going to be a scheduled one at fern hill elementary school on Monday as my thoughts were supposedly argumentative
@tacomaschools  I just heard gang chatter localized swarm that there is an upcoming school shooting  and or that one occurred is this true?
RT @CityofSammamish: Find out what an earthquake feels like-- experience the "Big Shaker" simulator at the @SammCtznCorps Disaster Prepared…
And yes I’m currently on break
While at work I am being harassed by images and lights and images are making my shoulder hurt.. so NO I’m not asking for your double images massages as I’m being hurt by them..
So since I am seeing imaging of some of the people from spinning wheels who also work for people ready or have at some point they obviously as they were friends with David drue and tonya chandlor they obviously don’t want me to come in so I can not pay my bills...
And then they said the line is for@ing
line is already forming at people ready they said likely to try and get a ride with you because your brand new car has bass. Harassed by gang swarm
This morning I woke up to go to work and I was harassed about going to people ready in fife they put an image of a forklift above my head and swiped my back with a light to give me a bad feeling while they went on about me ha ing cancer and not having it and then they did the
I keep getting molested by my uncle BroncoakaOliver Henry’s projected imaging of him playing with debs private durring childbirth and they keep on putting Broncos discussing face up to mine while they intrusively try to force a kiss via gang imaging and their protruding projecto
RT @mustaphahitani: One of the ugliest unsolved crimes of France’s long-ago, quasi-colonial war in Algeria was finally laid to rest on Thur…
RT @cevansdoritos: breaking news actor Sebastian Stan has retired from being an actor to become a full time DJ in Greece https://t.co/bMmrK…
RT @NBCNews: Forget Instagram — teen influencers are making thousands of dollars from online gaming https://t.co/JKKcfMvxMN
RT @westseattleblog: Ferries' future: @wsferries Long-Range Plan open house Monday 5-7 pm at Fauntleroy Church https://t.co/PEtEBzdypj
RT @CNN: "My husband kept hearing people yelling for help." He tried to go outside to find them, but even at 6-foot-2, the water level was…
RT @Amy_Siskind: The woman who made allegations of sexual assault against Kavanaugh has bravely come forward on the record.  She has taken…
RT @KIRO7Seattle: The growing concern over the TSA’s use of facial recognition technology &gt;&gt;https://t.co/C0DRMsnMfh
RT @officialfye: .@BeelineCreative new range of horror Geeki Tikis® mugs have arrived in stores! #GeekiTikis 		Choose from your favorite Ho…
Lolol https://t.co/mBmwJ6v4oi
True Crime Stories | Shocking Crimes You Haven’t Read About https://t.co/3zmAg7vxPn
RT @sonicsman: Please NEVER put GP and the “Thunder” in the same tweet!! He never played in OKC!! https://t.co/kH5fKBqzlE
RT @KATUNews: 'Moldy, hazardous' mobile home dumped at elementary school, deputies search for owner:		https://t.co/eCwbn7mbsR https://t.co/…
RT @Independent: 'Macron’s acknowledgement of France’s history of brutality against Algerians is welcome, but it’s time the perpetrators we…
RT @NASA_ICE: The #DeltaII engines ignite, lifting #ICESat2 into orbit, at 6:02am PT, 9/15, in this photo by @ingallsimages @nasahqphoto ht…
@US_FDA the laser pointers that gang members and like minds use (the big ones that are problematic for air planes) can those cause skin cancer if used an OVER EXUBERANT amount of time on a persons face? I am a gang target and it happens all day every day (poss skin cancer)
Meaning the one on my temple
This was from moments ago when Courtney’s family got upset about my tweet and they said can you feel this light Brenda I haven’t used this one on you on a long time. https://t.co/2DruwOLrVd
feel kindred to Brian Way even past school.. my grandmas name is Roselyn Opal Carlson my mother’s mother..and they said they caused it by trying to dissect it via their lights and having their lights on my face since like forever
asked that she have nothing to do with my son she then kept on with her lie campaigne against home) just got done taking the blame for me having skin cancer as her relative Gang name Yogi bear was also one of the scums that broke into my grandmas home which is why I was forced to
So now Brian Way’s relative (I found that out via their gang targeting as their doubled image or 3D image told me so) Courtney , my sons ex counselor at greater lakes (and I say ex counselor due to her radio freaquency spewed lies that my son is scitzo  so I reported her and
@pwcgov
How could a laser pointer take down a plane? https://t.co/BAF028TZr2 via @howstuffworks
I am being gang swarmed
they do. Because they will twist within certain variables your entire life and spin it in the most discussing ways imaginable
you know why your hearing back and fourth gang diagnosis is because I love surprises so they want me to suffer in their back and fourth due to how I feel about Xmas and bday presents. And that’s how their scummy campaign is being played out and why and how they do the skanky shit
Am being gang swarmed as always and as always they are trying to make me seem bad to everyone that can hear them so that no one will care about what had happened if I do die from skin cancer if I have it. Which I still won’t know until some time this coming up week. And just so
Their parents not their dads parents
children I hate you god you scummy POS.
with all my heart I truly do and that will never be fixed...	    Yes I hate God now and I have told him and that’s if he exists when I die I will tell him to fuck yourself after all he has allowed to happen... piece of shit.	I can’t get the police to help no one will help my
(Oliver Henry) my dad that adopted me’s brother and their sister eyvette’s daughter has been trying to force me to seem like I want sexual relations with him and uncle Vernon because they tried to have a sexual virtual relationship with me and I hate that side of the family now
sons dad as a gift from him to me a peace treaty for the gang targeting  they had done to me. of a “preppy dressing jock “I would have never had this baby and brought him into his dads friends hell... HOW DO YOU FIX THAT?	Today to add salt to the wound my uncle Bronco
dead if it is cancer and I can’t be his voice against the gang targeting bad guys who abuse him and my adopted sister and foster sister. Their dads parents all are targeting with all their gang friends and had I never trusted Ken Hockey or Hockers voice prior to getting with my
is cancer to cause distress and that it isn’t to calm my emotions to put strain on my heart and body they keep going back and fourth saying that. I keep going through momentary shock from time to time because I know how much I mean to my youngest son and here I am pretty much
me...	This morning ongoing chatter since before I went to a dermatologist about marks on my face that turned into a biopsy on my birthmark to see if I have cancer and I am awaiting a diagnosis that I don’t get until the beginning of next week. But the gang members keep saying it
still did what they did to fulfill their want to make me look desirable and undesirable. The children my son and my young foster sister whom is my sons sister from other relations via their dad were on the mattress next to me and I couldn’t get the imaging away from me and off of
brain waves and disrupts ability. And the only way I could move was when and image or two were on me with the push pull energy of the lights surrounding and making my the images were moving. Like when one images hips sway back and fourth it forced mine too. And they knew it and
Sat sept 15, 2018 1:25 pm		I was sexually assaulted by gang imaging last night Brian Monfrair and David Klockman and Naomi Chavez and others while being ridiculed about how I look. Their lights made it so I couldn’t move via pressure to the brain as light waves move faster than
https://t.co/7ha4JNgva0
"So the FCC won't let me be "	 An Eminem song.... I wonder ifany of it is from his radio frequency gang chatter??
No the Never Never land at 5 mile drive Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall....
I remember asdoes the gangchatterwhen I was little and went to Never Never land and I used to make and listen to rymes with the gang chatter. They brought it up the other day and as I have been being targeted by some of them I couldn't say it...yes Eminem was one of them .. I saw
Eazy
Dr. Dre!! Was seen while i was driven my car the other day given Eaxy some props!!!
#FCC read 1st tweet
I was told that by gang chatter swarm and in air over head chatter via their blast full illegal radio freaquenceis
I was just told that they had me get my nails done in black because I’m dead
into being financially and sexually harassed while getting their nails done and yes Sean Stevens image sexually molested me while I was in there.
was harassed by Sean Stevens, Juli, and Stacy Duvall imaging and their intrusive voices telling me which color to chose. They told me that Juli Ron Sigsworths ex’s family are doing your nails. I thought well good no tip should teach her that not everyone is
o go to the one on Mkinly and then they said we want you to charge her 50.$ while lights were aimed at that nail place so I said fuck that place I will go to another one. So I went to the one by game stop just up from the last one both on 72nd st. And I
I got harassed on the way to game stop by gang imaging and chatter. It pisses me off because my son was in the car. They harassed me about how my nails need a fill and then I said OK fine I will get my nails done... they got smart with me and told me t
And that’s not ambats
trying to get my things in order, mdtbats for my youngest son so it will be easier for him when and if I die from this.
one doing the surgery. I honestly right now don’t care if I die from anything as my life has been the most embarrassing and horrifying and laughable life I have ever known of.. and I am ready for the targeting to end even if it’s by my death I am
into him.. and that image also took the biopsy they let me re live what the dr did. This is not the first time this has occurred the dr.s persona nd his eyes and wrinkles changed . It’s  always horrifying to know a gang member that’s targeting you is the
I keep hearing gang chatter saying that I have cancer and then chaanging it to I don’t have cancer. The truth of the matter is I don’t know until next week when I get the call. What I do know is that when the physition went to take the biopsy I sw  3D image of a gang member go
I just had a biopsy done on my borth mark on my face.. I will find out next week or so about the outcome...
@ShadyFansite
Hey yo Em!!! I just saw you in my bathroom dawgg!! Lmfpo
@Apple Thank you!
Yes it was me who got harassed at the space needle where I was told there was going to be a terrorist attack via gang swarm and radio freaquency gang chatter.
So now I am wondering what to do about the SUV. I don't know if it's computer generated imaging or not. So confused. However I have a job interview after I go there.
I always tell my mom that I had a dream and that's how I know even though it's because of gang used imaging that I see it happening in the air. As I see imaging all night yes gang forced and I cannot produce my own dreams anymore due to the gang chatter and imagings.bombardment
They also said they are taking a bolt out to make it seem like that's why the transmission is acting up.
breaking the distributed caps nodual on the inside of it.
I was told yesterday than nothing was wrong with the vehicle accept that the tires were bald so they kept it over night so they could put new ones on. Then I was forced to see gang imaging in the air of the guys telling me the transmission slips and. Then I saw an image of them
that someone was going to put a nail under my tire... Now I'm even more concerned
Cont. Dealersahip..... The reason why he's driving me again is because my vehicle stayed overnight to get some new tires.. Now if you don't think I'm not worried about somethimg popping up wrong with my new vehicle your crazy because I was hearing gang chatter
Continued ...car dealership... They are doubled images of the workers in the here and now....... And I have to get a ride back with one of them this morning and act like the shot never occurred.... OMFGLMFAO!!!! How embarassing ...
I went and bought a vehicle yesterday and I it would seem as though I never left there because their imaging is at my home from somewhere outside pointed in  😤
Painfully embarrassing for me and my child as we both represent our child.
I was trying to harass him at his work several of his co-workers including his boss were harassing me as they knew what was going on as this wasn't their first attempt of trying to put me there situation. I know this occured because I was seeing their images harassing me
computer programmed imaging to get the imaging to appear at the end of like a laserium light making it appear that that was my want like I
hey took illegal gang survailance footage at that exact moment in time and put that image of me and put it out of context by placing my here and now into their here and now by gang used targeting techniques I.e video cameras and
This morning after an all night medical test in puyallup. I was harassed by my youngest sons dads gang friends and like minds friends to where t
Said target has a child story book made by a Chavez family I am targeted by Chavez family
See all photos here: "https://t.co/MlV2qnYrv4" https://t.co/bao68Y9ftC
my neighbors in # 16 are also targeting me and also Tonia Chandlor is also targeting me, my dad that adopted me's ex girlfriend's daughter. that relationship happened prior to me and mom being drug into this shit via mom and my dad that adopted me having met eachother.
elementary schools prior to moving to Spanaway in 3rd grade and when we moved I went to Thompson with Naomi Chavez who's home nearby was a huge heroin bust.... They have always gang targeted me since my dad that adopted me got together with my mom and still are today as well as
because that is one of the family names that's been targeting me for the longest. My dad that adopted me as a small child's family had some problems with the Chavez's prior to me being born and I went through school after going to Edison, Sheridan,Park ave, and Jenny reed
gang members and like minds have said to him have been said to me as well and then I noticed the one about a child book that was written and it had a red cover. On that cover when I zoomed in after pausing the YouTube video had a last name of Chavez on it and this floored me
Last night the gang members in my area had intertwined my reality with another target named Michael Barden. 3D imaging of his situation was put into my situation. Before and durring this I was watching some of his YouTube videos and I began to cry as some of the things the
Via gang activity gang chatter gang swarmed is how my youngest sons dad and his family and friends are harassing me while using CPS workers and a GAL guardian ad lighten with their family gang activity to continue to do so and play whose the better parent via gang imaging
I am being harassed by my sons dads family and friends
shit not shut... Dam typos
Mind fucked into trusting him..... So please stop illegally talking shut about my families lives on blast/radio frequency/cb radio/ GANG SWARM all of which are GANG CHATTER...used for gang targeting to make me seem bad in the public's eyes	1:17 PM · Aug 24, 2018
Then I knew after him telling me via gang chatter that he was coming over and that I was to invite him in and act like nothing happened as it was his show for my dad to think well of him. After that I have NEVER stopped hearing him.
But he and his gang relations mind game was so overpowering that I fell for his bullshit every time until the walk home after a shower after a sexual assault.
was so young to be again fucked into trusting him time and time again so that every seemingly time we hung out turned into a sexual assault.
she is humping an ex best friend of mine via imaging in front of the children in this home. The ex best friends name is Tony D. And he is an ex best friend as I was a teen ager whom
I have been plagued by virtual reality ho's like Joanna and a girl I knew who was a volunteer at a shelter and her friends ... I have had to yell at their intrusive gang related imaging to get the hell out of my moms place as their are children
My friend from TCC just got threatened via gang chatter... And I see he is getting a internal lesson.
And yes longgggg longgggg ago I also dated Steve Pruitt
(From what the gang chatter was saying) is what I meant to type instead of images.
Chris I have seen driving a Scoty spraypainted van over to my neighbors place 3 doors down. I have also seen other people driving what appears to be the same or similarly spray painted van over to that same place.
This after a long week of harassment via Billy an exboyfriend of mine from my early teens and his other ex girlfriend said to be Linda, Rob, Chris, and Brads friend all of whom are never endingly still gang targeting me.
some voltage from the power lines and hitting us and making us feel shaky us being me and my youngest son. We were harassed also by Kelly Pruitt and shown imagines of Steve while incarcerated and still trying to have his image doubled on me and and mom and my son..
they were harassing us while using their pressurized yellow lights that where streaming through the air and catching purposely
The posts I took down yesterday were true however I was harassed as was my son about tweeting them. It was about Steve Pruitt (from what the gang members doubled images )
I also have been hearing gang chatter of a possible drive by while yellow lights keep marking the bullets trogectory....
He said that little Robert Jr. is the current side target. Which means he is the next person to be killed by gang targeting. A side target are the people around the target that die... Get killed. Weather its internal... Suicide.. Or accident... Or homicide they force it.
He said he will be like rob mcdougal an ex boyfriend in Renton who developed crones disease or colon cancer and killed himself. He too was inflicted I dated him back when my 22 year old son was like 2-3years old. At the end of our relationship he began having stomach issues.
The O.G that says " I will Lay You down for West Side"... West spanaway I am remembering he says it while signing it very frequently from a bus trip and I have that pierce transit disc. I ordered it.that man's doubled image went inside my son again and made my son vomit.
I meant I had a laugh withmy captors imagines I.e. virtually reality... Virtually.... Not on my end literally not virtually
Damn starwars lettering changing what I read outloud lmfao.... It was terrible haha
I just had a huge laugh with my captors....captors...captors... A whole lotta times
Last night I started walking for excersize since I can't sleep I may as well walk its far more productive than laying down trying to fall asleep.
The French name he came up with to date me his French girlfriend who would give him the excuse to move to France after 911 and this was in the 90's that we dated.
to Brenda from Christine Fisher and John Mohammed ( John was thename my Iranian ex boyfriends alternate name back when I worked at Denneys on 108th and pacific avenue.
Not to mention the gang chatter associated with the imaging at the buildings that it was
I was on my way to dr. Apt. And when I parked I dialed 911 and called it in because I know its gang and ISis shut because of whom I've dated in the past.... It was horrible.
honefeilds bbuilding i saw large projections of planes and they were hitting the harmony building and I almost had a fullblown ptsd flashback and after in down town I almost rear ended a car.
Today was terrible.  On my way to down town Tacoma I was going north on PAC ave and when I got to thehill that goes down prior to the old sc
wig" a term used in radio frequency gang chatter. I am my son's only true voice and I don't know what to do. How do you stop that?
asked me what age he has to be to decide for himself where he gets to live. I told him I believe it's 12 or 13. I need someone to help me and my last child. I have nowhere to turn to help him. I don't know what to do. I have been through horrible things and this almost "split my
of they can rescue him for me because my son was crying to me on the phone a few different times tonight about wanting to live with me because he is too afraid of his dad's home. And being anywhere at night without me. And this is because nobody acknowledges what is happening. He
underground version that gang members and like minds use, I could see my son at his other home i.e. His dad's home being smothered and strangled via the same people I knew from spanaway that I mentioned earlier. I asked some gang members whose image I have had to talk to all day
it as a punishment to my youngest child. What's worse is my son called me and I was talking to him on the phone and reading him a book I could hear movement like he was strugglimg. Then they brought me him via imaging much like having  a virtual reality Vr headset on only it's
My son,  the youngest, my last child has been being under gang used imaging attacks even worse so than usual. This time is because of what I came out about the other nite. About those brothers who had their virtual reality like imaging smother the woman to death have been doing
Chandlor
a small child I went and told my dad. And because of that I have been labeled as a possible threat to Dicks drive thru via gang me!best and activists..
And others.. I have been targeted by several other popular pop/tap icons as well.... I have seen me as a child going into Dicks restraint in Seattle and finding a syringe/needle from a drug user in the restroom as they've been blasting about since and during it occurring.. And as
And the sub is a quote from someone
rats". On the radio... Music radio station And or a sub..And really it's mice.
I have been targeted by sir mix a lot and cube and Dr Dre via gang used underground imaging.. My radio signal keeps going out while someone points some circular spiral energy wave at it... And today I heard someone say that one of the men said on the radio signal that Brenda "has
Billy
Brother by his ex girlfriend and then ongoing since I dated the blood Bily
Yes if you heard the gang chatter all night and morning it was obviously about me.... I am the target 1st by Crips because of the Chavez and Tonya Chandler then by bloods because I witnessed the murder suicide of a class mates a older brother and best friend by my classmates
RT @FoxNews: Washington teen who pushed friend off 60-foot bridge says she 'thought she would be fine' https://t.co/Ybg0xuBvgV
I am seeing them doing it to my son now.....
best of my knowledge if they are ever charged for my being murdered or them being held for gang targeting of me.
Just know when I die even if it looks natural that it wasn't and please look into Chris , Rob, and Brad Campbell from spanaway.. I wasn't supposed to say Brad because Brad is the one that the family companies money and business is supposed to be transferred to and that's to the
They talk their victims out of being afraid
out with them.
people I believe the body found at Tcc was a victim of it too.... They showed me how they did it via gang imaging in air..I knew there was a body before it was found I told Ted Rutt . They have messed with all of my internal organs and systems. They were repo men back when I hung
sociopath s this has happened to me he talks is down via next to virtual reality imaging via underground gang activity. They take their victims out of being afraid and they put and image inside you of another crazy and they make you feel ok with it. It's happened to lots of
I keep seeing Chris Campbell's image killing the blonde lady 150th street the woman who supposedly smothered herself.... I know it's him check her xbox to see if it's been hacked i he was watching her inside and outside. I know them from spanaway. They are psychopaths maybe even
RT @KIRO7Seattle: Police seize meth, arrest fugitive after Yelm standoff https://t.co/cVJuFnGYIP
RT @newscientist: Sound waves are a form of antigravity because they have negative mass https://t.co/3rz8AtJ0rr https://t.co/BoiaYR2WtF
RT @BrendanCarrFCC: Officer Mike is from South Carolina. He laughs about it now, but says he was so excited about a law enforcement job in…
RT @LAPoliceFdtn: The #LAPD has brought nearly 30 cases to the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office for review of possible crimina…
RT @SeattlePD: Police seek public's help identifying man suspected of sabotaging bike-share brake lines: https://t.co/fJc2qOkEfZ  https://t…
RT @komonews: WATCH: @Seahawks quarterback @DangeRussWilson pays a little R-E-S-P-E-C-T to @ArethaFranklin's legacy and what she means to h…
RT @komonews: Seattle radio station @kexp pays tribute to Queen of Soul with non-stop Aretha Franklin songs: 	https://t.co/TZHWR6loQa https…
RT @BBCBusiness: "Surveillance at work should be a sensible agreement between employers and staff and not just bosses using it as a lazy ma…
RT @Super70sSports: Hands down, one of the coolest cards of all time. Topps, you had me at “Bill Russell standing in front of a 747.” https…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: https://t.co/Rr3z3frrZO
Did Trump get a payoff from Russia a car names after him??? Or??
Check the virtual horror post is where I got the pic with the car with the name as Trump... Etc. And the acronym under it Rex.  Look what comes up
https://t.co/Rr3z3frrZO
https://t.co/jvtojA9KFU
Man dies in fall from Deception Pass Bridge https://t.co/AGbuMJ900c via @goskagit
RT @MarkSchweitzer: I kid you not, there are woman in this country that vote for these A-holes.   https://t.co/wFQT4fdGSz
RT @algore: .@ArethaFranklin was a unique thread in the fabric of our nation’s history. The Queen of Soul’s music played a vital role in un…
RT @PoliticsOfFear: America was great before and after the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor. #AinsleyAirhead https://t.co/X4xqF9FGz6
RT @SurreyRCMP: Vehicle description: black 2000 Chevrolet pickup with Silver Convex rims, possibly a 2-door extended cab.
RT @SurreyRCMP: Police investigating a report that a female was grabbed from behind by an unknown male in Fraser Heights (111A Ave/161A St)…
RT @WIRED: Let's all obsess over this insanely detailed map of alt music history: https://t.co/AlOm8Jjn92 https://t.co/rQh1QvyBhW
RT @DanRather: When we look back in disgust at those who've undermined the fabric of our democracy and common humanity, we don't only reser…
80,000 gallons of sewage spills into Puget Sound's Sinclair Inlet https://t.co/NFInxelf4M via @KING5Seattle
RT @RevJJackson: We visited and prayed with @ArethaFranklin today. Please continue to keep her in your prayers. Ask that God's richest bles…
RT @Q13FOX: Missing hiker found on Mount St. Helens after nearly a week ate berries, bees https://t.co/Jh7ESp1eZ4 https://t.co/OGDeec9DPx
RT @CHawk_Talk: #Seahawks coach Pete Carroll's rebuttal to "Seattle will suck" chuckleheads (via KJR): "How many new playoff teams were the…
RT @FCC: Talk to your phone company about call blocking tools they may have and check into apps that you can download to your mobile device…
RT @FCC: Never give out personal info such as account numbers, Social Security numbers, mother's maiden names, passwords, or other identify…
RT @FCC: You may not be able to tell right away if an incoming call is spoofed. Be aware: Caller ID showing a "local" number does not neces…
RT @FCC: Don't answer calls from unknown numbers. If you answer such a call, hang up immediately. #FCCtips #ProtectingConsumers
RT @FCC: Don't forget that even if you've consented to a #robocall, you can later opt-out of those calls. #StopRobocalls #ProtectingConsume…
RT @FCC: If you own a vehicle &amp; a phone, you may receive spoofed calls from scammers posing as representatives of a car dealer or insurer t…
RT @GAViglione: "That's a freaky fish."		Rare deep-water fish found near Deception Pass. Called "King-of-the-Salmon" fish, Makah legend say…
RT @komonewsradio: Seattle's family shelter aims to give every child clothes for school: https://t.co/5byCZmr4S6 #komonews https://t.co/Qva…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: https://t.co/TFrdouGi5k
RT @komonews: UPDATE: Teen booked for manslaughter after 'unintentional' shooting of 14-year-old friend: https://t.co/prZw1itwKH https://t.…
RT @Q13FOX: Poor air quality: Even healthy adults advised to stay indoors, avoid walking outside https://t.co/1uByubXQEP https://t.co/F3NGm…
RT @ChrisDaniels5: The Old @KING5Seattle HQ looks a bit different today....		#333Dexter #Seattle https://t.co/HXxuDgILee
RT @GaryPayton_20: “I WALK IT AND I TALK IT” 🏀🗣 #FACTS 💪🏽 Your favorite #TrashTalker #GaryPayton #TheGlove #MyGuy #BigFella  @SHAQ https://…
RT @wspd3pio: #TuesdayThoughts #headlights #smoke I’m sure everyone has noticed the horrible smokey conditions across Wa.State. A brief rem…
RT @komonews: Showbox saved from demolition by Seattle council: https://t.co/Qvv3SHzDjv https://t.co/EBkrZsr0Km
RT @fredbcampbelljr: My analysis speaks for itself. https://t.co/P1opSnTy9z
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: Same thing almost happened to me at the hands of gang used imaging of a person I know putting his hand on my pillow/bl…
https://t.co/TFrdouGi5k
Same thing almost happened to me at the hands of gang used imaging of a person I know putting his hand on my pillow/blanket while covering my face. The image applied pressure and talked me out of being afraid.	Medical examiner: Spanaway woman had committed suicide
Same thing almost happened to me at the hand of gang used imaging.
RT @thenewstribune: He thought he had to run for cover from a runaway plane. He kept shooting his dramatic video https://t.co/rFDiLDXMVD
RT @CBSNews: 🦄 UNICORN RESCUE🦄: Hilarious video shows the moment a group of people floating on a giant, inflatable rainbow unicorn are save…
RT @TODAYshow: Investigators are still trying to figure out how a 29-year-old was able to steal a passenger plane from Washington’s SeaTac…
RT @MarketWatch: Seattle plane thief said he had trained on flight simulator, did not plan on landing https://t.co/c3AJTJipMH
RT @kylegriffin1: Top EPA officials pushed through a measure to review applications for using asbestos in consumer products, and did so ove…
RT @KING5Seattle: Former co-workers of Horizon Air employee who stole a plane Friday describe him as “super nice” and say, “People did not…
This is what I need. My underarms are tore up from this and other under arm issues. Ongoing..		https://t.co/dxVgRpXtJd
RT @CityAttorneyLA: #WorldElephantDay: Flashback to working w/ Sen. @toniatkins @CaliforniaDFW  @HumaneSociety @NRDC for California's FIRST…
RT @GigHarborPolice: GHPD is asking for help identifying a man who was caught on	camera trying to break into an ATM located on Borgen Blvd.…
RT @KING5Seattle: Dave Matthew, Pearl Jam, Death Cab for Cutie and more than a hundred artists signed a letter urging Seattle to designate…
RT @TEDTalks: Joy is all around us. These TED Talks will help you see it. https://t.co/N0u9DDrjmp
RT @Independent: Officials apologise for Chicago ‘bait truck’ filled with expensive Nikes after viral video https://t.co/ilIFpamIzy https:/…
RT @1SLO_85: We were happy to be apart as St. Francis hosted their annual back to school event spreading love, hope, and school supplies to…
RT @PattyMurray: During a recent ag discussion in Ritzville, farmers &amp; others shared with me their concerns about the impact of tariffs on…
RT @CNN: "Change has come to America.” Revisit the 2008 presidential campaign and see how it revolutionized American politics in #2000sCNN…
RT @MSNBC: Reporter: "Do you feel betrayed by Omarosa?"		President Trump: "Lowlife. She's a lowlife." https://t.co/UeRgHSdYGJ
RT @eliistender10: Please RT and share if you think there should be a global ban on trophy hunting #WorldElephantDay https://t.co/LgCILjEhUc
RT @CAL_FIRE: #HolyFire [update] off Holy Jim Canyon Rd, west of N. Main Divide (Orange County) is now 22,158 acres and 36 % contained. Uni…
RT @AlisonKIRO7: Thank you to the air traffic controller who spoke to the pilot of the stolen plane with extreme calm, respect, and empathy…
RT @TwitterMoments: Officials say the Horizon Air employee who died after crashing a stolen aircraft did not appear to have a pilot's licen…
The Man Who Stole The Plane From Seattle Airport And Crashed It Was A Baggage Handler https://t.co/g5A2vqe1MW via @ambiej
RT @CBS12: Video: Friend of Richard Russell, the man who stole a plane and crashed it near Seattle makes statement for his family. They're…
@PierceSheriff Thank you
Then they said to cut my moms breaks line to cause an accident on the way home.
I just saw gang imaging of a gang member I have known pointing at a little girl leaving my Dr office. The doubled gang members image was demanding that she wants that specific little girl. She had two stuffed animals in her hand. Community health care hilltop. 2nd floor
https://t.co/Ox3b4aVefu https://t.co/Ox3b4aVefu
Imaging
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: https://t.co/ZZRPa1y6Dt https://t.co/ZZRPa1y6Dt
https://t.co/ZZRPa1y6Dt https://t.co/ZZRPa1y6Dt
Had you done your job for your constituents and not for your gang members you have in your pocket we would almost all be on the same damn side and making headway against the tourcherous underground gang shit.
You guys are so in the know and yet you play so stupid right infront of us. You guys are the reason this shut is still going on.
ur CLO while he may be seeming good at his job is a JOKE and he picks and chooses what he looks into and what he doesn't look into and he is VERY Atrociously wrong. Fact.
And that's a fact! However most people are too damn afraid as they aren't  gang members. Where even gang members and their like minds will not tell for their well being and their families and etc. So your numbers aren't based on true facts.
be off the charts in the far above average documented gang criminal activities just by us calling in on the underground gang activities let alone the average known criminal offences.
This iS All i am saying right now is that Mr. Lindquist if even a very small fractions of us called in what we see or hear daily then you would
I had typed up this huge tweets about a Tacoma weekly article inwgich Mark Lindquist was quoted on making a statement about gang activity being at a low. I was so upset and into typing that my battery on said devicedied. Now it no longer exists until I retype it later gee
Yet not get
because of gang used imaging projected via lazarium and computerized lights at the end of those lights or the protruding projector imaging. Even though I'm my case from what I have seen they don't always truly Get the true imaging and Get they believe it.
What is strange to me is that police are said to know that their lie detector tests are falsified via gang and like minds use of pressurized lights to target pinpoint spots on the body to cause a jolt to enforce a lie effect to occur whether or not they lied and yet they allow it
I appreciate all you have done for me in my being protection from the Crips in lou of my silence for what I know of what you've done. Like I said I appreciate what you've done.
Today however I was threatened to stay in compliance with them for the last time or my card will be pulled. I don't play those kinds of games any more. I'm done. I don't need your friendship or your assistance in dealing with the Crips any further....
Usually I'm being targeted by Crips and MSP crips. I have been targeted by  bloods as well and although there are some horrifying things surrounding my family when it comes to bloods and there are some beautiful people whom I had been friends with for life via bloods
Yet not Get again
Video not visio
Doubled means double imaging recording while being directed into someone else's here and now at seemingly that very moment.
@britishmuseum Leggos.... Ancient leggos
spades game on my device so they could show imaging of my dads. The gang members must have again like every dad in situation in my life ....walked me into it...just for further bragging rights about just how much illegal Intel they have on me.
playing and I was shown via further gang used imaging technology that they have Visio surveillance footage of me and my brothers friends visiting dad's place when they split up and we all played spades. So I guess that was Get again something they led me into was getting the
devices are so hacked that I deleted all games on my systems because there was gang chatter surrounding me while I played them. So I tried a game they hopefully wouldn't think of that I would have and that's spades however immediately I was being gang chartered to about my
"mimmic" what I would say to try and make it legal. Only I never would say it were.	The other week I called 911 to let the police know my devices are hacked and they s waa is they would call back on the weekend to see if it's still going on. I have never been contacted bak. My
nothing I could do. I am still seeing them as well as people from the YwcA in down town Seattle where I've stayed in the past they are also double images harassing me while I try to please my mother by organizing her clostet. It was very embarrassing and they were attempting to
While opening an email from my attorney, I was visually and audibly harassed by people whom work for continental van lines and their relative Reggie  as well as jodi the owner. That it doubled images were grouped around me reading my email too and their was
While opening an email from my attorney, I was visually and audibly harassed by people whom work for continental van lines and their relative Reggie  as well as jodi the owner. That it doubled images were grouped around me reading my email too and their was nothing I could much
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: That night was the same night that Brandon Hooper was hit by a car on Pacific Avenue. I am positive it was also becaus…
That night was the same night that Brandon Hooper was hit by a car on Pacific Avenue. I am positive it was also because of the gang used lights in the area. As Kong was someone to keep an eye on as a very large gang affiliated family and gangs keep tabs on each other.
Kong not long
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: my way... I have never ever heard the end of it. Good ol  Spanaway.... I have seen via gang imaging the homicide he ha…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: pulled me aside and asked me a question. ... A question I would be harassed about for decades to come... " if you were…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: I am seeing gang imaging of Kong Thomas and imaging of his tattoo. We went to school in Spanaway. And while leaving a…
my way... I have never ever heard the end of it. Good ol  Spanaway.... I have seen via gang imaging the homicide he has committed and I am saddened for their families loss. I am very very saddened for it having been done  by KongThomas.
pulled me aside and asked me a question. ... A question I would be harassed about for decades to come... " if you were in a gang would you be a blood or a crip? I knowing he was a blood joked around with him and said I'd be a crip... Lmao we both shared a laugh and I continued on
I am seeing gang imaging of Kong Thomas and imaging of his tattoo. We went to school in Spanaway. And while leaving a school dance and going to godfathers where everyone that I hung out with would go after the school dances. Long stopped me as I was walking past Safeway and he
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: you for messing with us so we don't have to eat your played out food hahha!
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: our drinks and cook our foods early so we got old food by the time we got there. Then thankfully without me having to…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: Today as me and my family were trying to decide what to get at McDonald's on 72nd and Pacific ave I was being harassed…
you for messing with us so we don't have to eat your played out food hahha!
our drinks and cook our foods early so we got old food by the time we got there. Then thankfully without me having to bring up the harassment where my little sister could hear my mom thankfully changed our plan. And it's so much better than McDonald's it's teriyaki yummm. Thank
Today as me and my family were trying to decide what to get at McDonald's on 72nd and Pacific ave I was being harassed by a manager there via gang imaging pointed at my home her image was apparently doubled and she and the local drug dealers were saying they are going to spit in
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: Doggoned gang targeting and illegal gang survailence always making an arise outta me.
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: And if your seeing some unsightly things and unpleasentries please don't mind me butt, I have had today some food pois…
Doggoned gang targeting and illegal gang survailence always making an arise outta me.
And if your seeing some unsightly things and unpleasentries please don't mind me butt, I have had today some food poisoning frombspoiled milk... If you haven't heard already from gang chatter. So embarrassin
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: Gang targetingis what I meant to type. Not just any old targeting.. But the big guns.
Gang targetingis what I meant to type. Not just any old targeting.. But the big guns.
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: This activity is underground gang and like minds technologies. That are used everyday to attack me, my family, my frie…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: targeting and gang activity's as dangerus  as it is and needs to be taken care of further than our local law enforceme…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: person in the here and now's situation and that person too has a gun in their hand it makes that same situation occur.
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: and your in like situations and the doubled image and the person whom is being doubled pulls the trigger to the
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: I know that what movies like The Double are eluding to is the trigger person effect when an image of someone is double…
This activity is underground gang and like minds technologies. That are used everyday to attack me, my family, my friends spanning my life as I am a life long target -2 years.
targeting and gang activity's as dangerus  as it is and needs to be taken care of further than our local law enforcement will do for us.
person in the here and now's situation and that person too has a gun in their hand it makes that same situation occur.
and your in like situations and the doubled image and the person whom is being doubled pulls the trigger to the
I know that what movies like The Double are eluding to is the trigger person effect when an image of someone is doubled and put onto you in real life https://t.co/cfEaMvLQ5m
Sundance 2014: New Images from BLUE RUIN, THE DOUBLE, LOCKE, and R100 https://t.co/Bt7DMa6PWH via @
not the way my morals would drive me to go about things.
I am hearing gang chatter on blast about my lawsuit and how the gang members made me be excepting of. The  settlement by the company I am suing. And not only have i been forced, as they are gang members and I am an average duhhh, to go along with the settlement even though it's
RT @EnergyDems: BREAKING: "In a letter to the White House Wednesday, Washington Democrat @SenatorCantwell &amp; South Carolina Republican Linds…
Piss me  off not Lisa...
Lisa me off not kiss me off
Her name not rammed lmao dang typos.. I am notorious for them
Physical or you hiring an attorney/lawyer ( typo physical alteration was not what I meant to type can spell correct
gang targeting me and those around me
they tweet what you and your gang activities have caused could somehow ensue a law suit with you being in the winners seat is delusional because your abusing my and my children's rights. So Christina Clanton.... Get a Life and quit trying to force a lawsuit by harassingly over
have forced via gang targeting so while you keep trying to kiss me off enough to where I would type your ducking name I no longer am going to show respect for you maiden name not your family name by not tweeting it... So while you are delusional that harassing someone to where
fight, her image just came into my up stairs bathroom trying to coercively try to get me to type her rammed name in this tweet. No I'm not afraid of you and not have I ever been when it comes to a physical alteration with you not about you calling an attorney because of what you
threatening to put Sean Stevens image doubled from his situation and place it in my bathroom. While just there after the push fight from elementary that I twittered about the other day the birch who pushed me literally in the playground a beginning of a what coulda become a large
The gang targeting has not yet stopped not had it ever , so just because I haven't tweeted it doesn't mean it isn't and ongoing never ending situation. Also I am currently in the restroom being sexually harassed by gang swarm activities and their double imaging. They also are
Kitchen lol that hole situation causes me so much stress while only driving about 2miles to get there and now I'm getting word corrects like kitchen... Pfft
somewhere. That's right vehicle Saratoga of my mother's vehicle being plotted right at me... As if i wouldn't tweet this to document it for if we go to court lol grrr...
earlier image wearing blue and white)3D image that you can feel pushed on my foot that was on my foot peddle and began saying that your mom has something wrong with her tire and some imaging of a nail behind mom's tire would be there at mom's place for when it s time to go
on for the opposite direction to when the light turned red she hopped into the forward lane in the intersection to slow me down. And she did not have her wrong way blinker on until after she was told to hold me up via gang activities. Then her (the person who I tweeted about
boastful aggressive imaging of this person I spoke of earlier via Twitter that caused visual audible maturity to loud constant harassment the entire way to the goodwill and on the way back when she had the person in front of me that was in the turn lane sit there with her blinker
affected my driving so much so I had to turn mom's stock vehicle stereo down and yell out the window that I dont care... It's not my fucking problem and mind your fucking own business to try and get some relief from being overly harassed and abused by lies, insinuation, and
I had to go drop off donations at the good will the guy told me he was only taking two bags from every vehicle an y ways while driving I had to have my mom's car stereo up so loud to try to not hear the blasting gang chartered kitchen me out so blatantly aggressively loud that it
her gang chatter)..
swarm but also by her imaging she has from her gangs relations illegally gang survailancing of her starting the pushing fight during school where it ended during recess physically (and I say that loosely as she's still gang targeting me (supposedly although I've never not heard
name as we do not get along because of me being a gang target,  regardless of how she has tried to make it seem over the decades that I have been gang targeted by her and her gang relations) about an elementary school pushing fight she and I got into. In fact not just by gang
after being gang targeted all night to where I could not sleep. I am now being gang targeted by a female whom I went to school with however I am not putting her name out there instead she can see me in court.(and spelling I am unsure of as I'm truly not caring to remember her
While being gang targeted by a guy whom I went on a couple of dates with but each time he only wanted sexual conduct and on one of those dates was rather harassing about it and wanted something to happen aggressively sexual with he and his guy friend and myself and his brother
RT @GaryPayton_20: I just want to take a moment and thank everybody for the Birthday wishes and blessings. Thank you for celebrating with m…
RT @CNN: It’s like a real-life Iron Man. This flying suit was built using 3D printed parts, specialist electronics and five jet engines. It…
RT @Amy_Siskind: This is jaw dropping. And Trump will do nothing-nor will  our complicit Republican Party. Who will put the USA first and k…
RT @CNN: Why Amazon could never fill a library's shoes | By Rachel Kramer Bussel via @CNNOpinion https://t.co/vGxbPJs5bN https://t.co/zVRrK…
RT @NBCNews: JUST IN: Toronto shooting suspect identified by authorities as Faisal Hussain. https://t.co/C4SDM8jqp4
RT @BernieSanders: I am so inspired by the young people in Florida who are getting their generation involved in the political process. This…
RT @WHO: Q: What is #AIDS?	A: https://t.co/hfZ9VguSIX 	#AIDS2018 https://t.co/bZtskg6cxY
RT @WHO: 21.7 million people living with #HIV were receiving antiretroviral therapy in 2017.		#AIDS2018 https://t.co/6aRQMRBuA5
RT @WHO: Nearly 37 million people were living with #HIV worldwide at the end of 2017.		1.8 million people were newly infected in 2017 – alm…
Fourty year long gang target
Emmy Noether’s revolutionary theorem explained, from kindergarten to PhD https://t.co/Ynwc8MvqLw via @Perimeter
RT @HRC: In 30 states, LGBTQ Americans remain at risk of being fired, denied housing, or turned away from a business simply because of who…
RT @SeattlePD: Great news!  Finn has just been located in the park.  He is fine and being reunited with his family.  Thanks everyone! https…
RT @SeattlePD: Thank you #Belltown for making #Downtown awesome. We have a few more shots to get in the coming days, but we hope the final…
RT @TedLandK5: A memorial for Ofc. Diego Moreno grows outside the Kent Police Dept., as people drop off flowers, notes, candles, and memori…
RT @SeattleParks: The new Seattle Sensory Garden, located in the northeast corner of the Woodland Park Rose Garden, opened on July 3 and is…
RT @komonews: BREAKING: Three teens are now under arrest in connection with the shooting and police chase that ended with the death of Kent…
@SeatownHawk Happy Bday!!!!
RT @sonicsman: Happy Birthday @GaryPayton_20 from all the great Seattle Fans! https://t.co/mBYyLFTn28
@sonicsman @GaryPayton_20 Happy birthday payton... Man I miss the Seattle Super Sonics... I stopped watching bball when they moved.. Still will not watch it!!! My all time fav. Is Sam Perkins wooooot!
Sleep study was only a consultation but they are doing one I just have to wait for the call for the date and time. I just got home.
Well there is some light bruising on my leg....anyways now I am going to a sleep study test for sleep apnea due to the gang used imaging of gang members doubled up and put into my situation blocking purposely my breathing while asleep.
Well apparently the gang members did not like my tweets because my leg is being hurt by gang lighting so I am sure tomorrow morning it will be black and blue... It already feels like it is but I am too tired to take pictures of turn on the light and check...
it's done in certain ways.
in a specific way in churches to make it seem as though you are feeling the holy ghost during church service. That feeling over powers your natural sensation that should be occurring in the here and now and can cause you to do the wrong thing when in certain situations and when
that you would want to be in and the gang members etc. Use gang pressurized lights on certain areas of your back to enforce comfort of distrust in the situation you are in to make you feel comfortable in those situations. It's like the church godly feeling when lighting is used
And there is ongoing gang targeting imaging and light to try and force it to seem as though I want their sexual advances and sexual assaults which brings me to another point.. The good feeling bad feeling lights when your in a situation that you know is not good and not one
know what we are watching to where they know to push imaging of factual crimes that have occurred that have to do with what I am watching on tv, and that I have been made aware of by their activities while gang targeting me.
Our cable was disconnected recently and so we have no cable anymore we are using our internet and Xbox for our t.v. Shows and movies and that's how we are watching things on Hulu. So it is obvious to me that our internet is widespread hacked just to explain how the gang members
The name of the documentary is Tales of the Grim Sleeper..
further activation between my situation in Wa state and the victims situation in California. They thought my relatives dressed up to cause a dog on the victims family.
In the documentary there is an image of one of this persons victims and that image I have seen via gang imaging domestically over the years. This image had similarities to a relatives image that was on the wall in the Spanaway home and because of the similarities there have been
gang activities. They do not have those footages in the documentary.
I am watching a movie on Hulu about the serial killer in California called the tales of the Grim.etc.. It's a documentary and I am seeing video images via gang targeting of the factual murders being committed when they occurred.these images are coming into my living space by
Is how the gang targeting for forced into me... Dang typos
Adopted dad's family shot not shot
family members but also because of my adopted (legally) dad his ex crazed ex girlfriend prior to his and my mom's relationship. Is how the gang targeting for forced into me as a small child.
And to address the air chatter about why it started about age two it's not schizophrenia it's because it's my adopted dad's family's shot that was dropped in my lap when my mom and dad got together. Between their side of the families drama with people I am still targeted by their
Meaning weight gain from depression and stress of being a target.
I still am harassed in the bathrooms and everywhere else just the same as it's always been although some content changes when my body changes due to weight gain do to their activities that stems from their targeting me and my family.
The all day everyday targeting has never ended ever it's been the same day after day year after year decade after decade. I remember being groomed while changing my clothes by gang members imaging wanting me to wear certain outfits and to look a certain way and act certain ways..
As a small child it was all day every day that I was being targeted including while bathing or using the restroom. I have not only seen but also heard the gang members in there with me telling me how to bath etc.
Framed I mean forced to look like a mental case so they don't have to do their job and take care of the factual issue of protecting a gang target which is what they are there to do...
So is because I am framed by the local police as a mental case. So when they are it right in front of their faces on Twitter they still do nothing and this it's ok for me to tweet it.
And I typed that I called police over general gang targeting issues like being targeted by pedophiles , I am not allowed to call and say it all over the phone because the nearby gang members will abuse is further or kill us. And the reason I put it on Twitter and am allowed to do
raped countless times
And when I have written about and tried to get police out about a general targeting issue like being gang surveillance by pedophiles, that had the police shown up they would have found out that this is happening to the children in my family in the same way they have been
much more than that in both sides
And I could just like the other 3D imaging of a gang remember literally raping his mattress out of a sex addiction because not only do I feel him and all penetration and touches but he gets to feel me as well. So although it looks like they are humping a mattress know that it's
Double imaged on me
Sometimes imaging of like my brother having sex with his girlfriend's that the gang members placed those recordings on my body and had my brothers girlfriend's image directly covering and inside my body and I was forced to feel literally like I was being raped by my brother
So when I type, or write like I have on countless occasions about being raped by gang members 3D imaging, know that I felt saw and lived it and it is a physical rape as there is someone who is being double images at that time forcing the actions on me. There were
And At times not premeditated
Lived not loved
And that is the way they place the thoughts so the thoughts are pre meditated and then they act like they read your mind they also hack devices and study you and every aspect of you and they know like in my case as they truly loved it via illegally gang surveillance me.
The gangs double image themselves and place the image in you and then they speak and that is a forced thought because it over powers your thought and that's mind control in part, and thought reading... The reading of someone else's thoughts. Or the psychic connection in part
On my tweets I began typing tweet numbers as I was being harassed by gang swarm about how my tweets to them appeared backwards but I accidentally made two # 14's and then a 15 that shoulda been a 16 so then I stopped numbering tweets.
intersection when the image and light exited my  head area the saw the light as red then I was hit by a vehicle from the side,  that vehicle actually had a green light. There was absolutely nothing I could do about it it just was.
only go by the imaging used to overpower your situation as that's all you recognize, was on  autopilot when a image of the traffic light appeared from outside to inside my head and its area was of the light still green and not until it was too late for me to stop as I was in the
by this is I was driving my friends pick up truck  towards downtown Tacoma with a young passenger inside. I was coming up to an intersection with street lights I then ,as I call it, when unnatural light from imaging techniques over power your eye brain connections and you can
on the human brain when it enters the brain. In this study I read that light waves over powers the humans brain waves.when this occurs your thoughts are over powered by the images and the surrounding visuals and that includes subliminal messages via gang used imaging. What I mean
Tweet # 15; not your own natural thought whether you sense the image or not depends on the vibrancy of the image placed there and your knowing if what's all happening to you.. This over rides your natural ability to think because as a study i read about unnatural lights causes
Tweet # 14; the face of that individual saying it, is positioned with their mouth inside your head/brain area to make it seem to yourself as well as to those whos image is around or inside you as if its the person in the here and nows own thoughts when in all factually it's
Tweet # 14; time the gang used imaging out/inside you is dimmed and not vibrant enough for you to fully sense that the person who's image is doubled and within you and so your body is formed  to mouth inside or out what the image within is mouthing and saying.  That as well as
Tweet # 13; imaging in fact when you hear of hearing from outside to inside what that means is the imaging of the person saying the stuff your hearing is being doubled and put inside you or partially inside you so that you might think it's your own thought because most of the
Tweet # 12; it's a computer change of person to make it truly seem as though it is you when in actuality it was the gesture and follow through of images within you and just outside of you.		When we hear of mind control and hearing voices within your head/body that too is gang
Tweet # 11; witness to a person punching at someone and the imaging being  feelable so the receiving person whom maybe somewhere else and your punching supposedly at an image they are being hit at times in their location by the images within and next to you swinging and typically
Tweet # 10; witness is in some cases unwittingly believing that you truly began making that gesture of movement on your own free will and the follow through image had just completed what the beginner image made you feel to have supposedly began, thus if the persons image who bore
Tweet # 9; light.  When there are more than one image in you one can keep you still while another one makes a quick jolt move beginning the movement of what another image within you finished the movement off to the side of you to make the person who's image whom  is there to bear
Tweet # 8; to do it the factual person is already in motion and that's because the movement of the energy forces you to move via the outline of the image which is energy and that over powers your natural movement. That and the now known to be fact of the push and pull effects of
Tweet # 7; are also being placed on the person wanting that felt intelligence to easier to illegally access those systems. 	  You can also force body movement by using an image and having that image move in a different way than the factual here and now person. While it's easier
Tweet # 6; body while they are at work using a computer/keyboard and feel their keystrokes to passwords for the gang member or like minds who' s image is in the person whom is typing, this is  to get into the  computer system of the factual person, for which the espionage imaging
Tweet # 5; techniques we have today we absolutely can put an image of someone else into someone and they can feel the person in the "hear and now" and that is because the energy that forms the individual image is fealable if your "in the know" and you can covertly go into ones
Tweet # 4; called haunted situations and that they just so happens to be able to get these ghostly apparitions on their cameras. Any tweaker can imagine to put the image into someone to be able to "walk in anyone's shoes"  with all of the different imaging and lighting
Tweet # 3; we all know gangs have drug users and a drug user like a meth user can think up all kinds of weird things to do with camera techknology, imaging techniques like the ghost hunters show when gang used imaging techniques are used to place "scary ghost" imaging into so
Tweet # 2; strategically placed people's 3D imaging inside a target and around their head. The imaging of the people strategically placed are typically placed there  and inside. And as images are not fully solid and can go through and into anything including the human body and as
This is what I have this far about me being victimized as a gang target of 40 years and how it's been done tweet # 1;	When we hear of reading the minds of gang targeted individuals what it truly is is gang used imaging of up to many images of gang activists, gang members, and
O will post on Twitter via tweets and then post via my moments in twitter... Again I am tweeting this because of gang chatter harassing me about why it's stated In the way it does in prior tweet.
As a fourth or so year long target. Not year old person being targeted for who knows how many years as I am hearing gang chatter about.
Also while being typing this on my tablet i am hearing my typing in my documents and this tweet on blast,please remember I am being illegally gang surveillance while outside typing on my kindle fire and that's how they are getting this info. It's not my own blasting of info.
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: As a 40 year or so target, I will be putting the facts that I have come to realize in Twitter about targeting techniqu…
As a 40 year or so target, I will be putting the facts that I have come to realize in Twitter about targeting techniques and how they are done... I'm simple terms bluntly. I have begun typing in documents i will post when done.
The Curious Case of Anthony Forwood https://t.co/COe1BMKg2p via @covertwarfare
United States of Paranoia: They See Gangs of Stalkers https://t.co/6gs98zVuQJ
Urban Dictionary: Targeted Individual https://t.co/jKz5jzNb5c
Urban Dictionary: targeted individual https://t.co/UM3PSHkrGe
Urban Dictionary: targeted individual https://t.co/R3BRBQK3uM
Final Defendants Sentenced in Prison Gang Case Based in Central Valley https://t.co/DBAlFUGs9P
Lead Defendant in Federal Case Targeting Crips Gang Sentenced to Nearly 22 Years in Prison for Racketeering Offenses, including Murder Plot https://t.co/CWghCLfB6J
All dang night and morning I've been gang targeted as always by gang used imaging that you can feel. It's their version of Guantanamo bay. It is torcher while everyone is bearing witness to abuse and wanting to debunk the immature stuff instead of doing the right thing.
And that incident occurred today at 72nd and Pacific avenue Tacoma.. As I am hearing gang chatter on blast saying it I am thinking it's A Ok to confirm the location.
RT @KING5Seattle: Once completed in 2023, the East Link light rail will connect Eastside riders to destinations across King, Pierce and Sno…
RT @WIRED: As automakers finally get serious about building electric cars, the question arises: What are the odds they'll be able to genera…
Not only this however when they came out to bring only the iced coffee drinks they took our receipt ..they did not give it back with our food when we went in the first time. When we noticed they didn't give us the receipt we had to walk back in and specifically as for it to get.
you seeing or hearing this ? Because it is factually going on again....
or later. And my bottom line when it comes to spitting in the foods of your customers or other wrongful actions is this .... Who knows what STD's or other mono type things are being spread that way as gang members also are invested lol in prostitution. Health dept.....And Bbb are
all for free... A refund would have been the best way to respond but with the high volume of gang members who are working within and me being the gang target obviously that would never occur... What a joke... We all are hearing and seeing your actions you will get cought sooner
long before the food she apologized and proceeded to cut me off while I was speaking then she was just going to try and leave it at that without solving the issue... So I asked her what are you going to do about it and she said I will give you two free meals... Shoulda gotten it
and took so long. Then I called McDonald's and asked for the store manager whom was also being rude and I had to complain to her. She rudely tried to lie about how the wait was so lengthy due to the two iced coffee drinks taking so long, then when I told her that we got those
heating to go  in to ask for our foods and then it was all already chillin literally there awaiting to be given to us. Then when we got home to mom's whom was waiting with her other daughter also young I had to explain the incident to them as to why their food was cold and old
who were in my mom's vehicle that we were  waiting in while being  hit by a a green laser pointer being  pointed from the corner house on the next street the vehicle that has no freeon to be able go use the air conditioning but we were forced due to the heat of the vehicle over
the drive thru dwindled fulfilling customers getting their foods after ordering our food should have been handed to us. We are hearing gang chatter that they are bringing back the old days and they are.... Not only did they never bring our foods to me and the two young children
half hour after we were rudely told to go and sit in the waiting drive thru window parking spot prior to them finally bringing us our coffee drinks. Then after the additional waiting period of minimal a half hour while none of the other several sit and wait spots were occupied
Today as well as last week I am seeing and hearing the typical gang chatter swarm and it is about exactly what is occurring..  We are back to the skanky drive thru days where gang members working at McDonald's and burger ranch are gang targeting their customers and defiling their
RT @ReproRights: Over 400 bills have been introduced since January to protect access to contraception, abortion, and comprehensive sex ed!…
RT @komonews: LIVE: Air 4 is over the Space Needle where @SeattlePD is filming their last shoot for their #LipSyncChallenge video! 	WATCH:…
RT @MagicJohnson: I am so proud of you and all of your accomplishments. You are an amazing person with so much talent. May God continue to…
RT @DeputyMcelwain: Telling the stories of true American hero’s. Locked in on #LivePDcam. True glimpse into the horrors law enforcement eng…
RT @nikkihaley: I love this for so many reasons...Never underestimate the goodness of people. ❤️ https://t.co/ANwHhnOqnp
@LivePDNation Ricco not Rocco
@LivePDNation Was that a blue light that was pointed from a nearby to aim for the driver to shoot from within the SUV? Like an aim light? I've seen that when I was in a drive by in Spanaway wa  long ago Also in the double murder suicide of last name Smith and victim last name Rocco and friend.
RT @LivePDNation: A Las Vegas police officer fired shots through his windshield during a high-speed pursuit then keeps firing once the susp…
RT @PattyMurray: If we can’t stem the flow of dark, unaccountable money in politics and reverse the tide of the wealthiest Americans and bi…
RT @PattyMurray: The world watched yesterday as President Trump showered praise upon the Russian President who directed the interference of…
RT @PattyMurray: With the power to call up legislation &amp; hold hearings, Republican leaders have options, and they certainly have a whole lo…
RT @PattyMurray: This is not a partisan issue—this about defending the integrity &amp; foundational values of our nation. This is about Congres…
RT @PattyMurray: After a change in policy from the Trump Administration, more pregnant women are being detained and shackled by immigration…
RT @PattyMurray: I’m headed to the floor to denounce President Trump’s disgraceful summit with the Russian President &amp; call on Republicans…
I am hearing while being singled out that MS 11, 13 AND 12 ARE COMING UP HERE after crossing the border and that 12 too are coming up and 12is changing tattoos and mo's...
@BremertonPD Dirty yellow not tan.. And also a black vehicle.
@BremertonPD I am hearing  and seeing gang chatter/ imaging about her	She either got pulled into a car or hit.. Tan, green car they showed a backpack getting yanked on by someone
RT @BremertonPD: We are conducting a missing person investigation. The individual is identified as 53 Y.O., wht. female, Robin Poitras. She…
@catchwmw get looked into from that type of view.
@catchwmw Well it's been at the very least gang surveillance because I keep being shown gang imaging of a bow and arrow and imaging of felines on the same day. It's underground gang activities I am a t waa they and that's why they show me, so that I know and say something and then it won't
RT @News4SA: Burglar uses underwear to conceal face https://t.co/kUdCAc16HF https://t.co/d0uGS1m52l
@News4SA Lmmfao!!!!
Now because of continuing gang harassment I have to hire two new attorney's instead of buying what I was going to purchase with My lawsuit settlement that I haven't yet received.
So much for my diet... Gang targeting now has me stressed out.
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: entertained to comedy was just unperciveable
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: They are correct... I did get in trouble yesterday while having ear buds in and watching def comedy jams for free on y…
entertained to comedy was just unperciveable
They are correct... I did get in trouble yesterday while having ear buds in and watching def comedy jams for free on youtube, I laughed so loud and hard that my mom thought I was insane and she wanted me to go get some schizophrenic meds because how one person could be so
Minus the in part.
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: Again.... It's not me on a c.b or anything else it is impersonations of me. And very false and off base ones in part.
Again.... It's not me on a c.b or anything else it is impersonations of me. And very false and off base ones in part.
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: Employers
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: the open for upcoming landlords to hear and for other companies to hear to use their brainwashing propaganda and rheto…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: properties and vehicles to try and force me into renting or buying inflated prices or other types of scandals that the…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: While minding my own business again, I am hearing gang chatter on blast harassing me about me and my attorneys corresp…
Employers
the open for upcoming landlords to hear and for other companies to hear to use their brainwashing propaganda and rhetoric to force employees to think badly of me....
properties and vehicles to try and force me into renting or buying inflated prices or other types of scandals that they plan to use to take from me. How embarrassing, that they put every illegally surveillance activity weather by electronic stalking or hands on targeting out into
While minding my own business again, I am hearing gang chatter on blast harassing me about me and my attorneys correspondences, and about how to spend money and on what while seeing imaging of gang members and my attorney. I am hearing gang members saying they are buying up cheep
RT @CAT1PRO: @NWSSeattle Here is my reply....✌️😎🏍️🌞 https://t.co/jfargFjrzY
RT @PierceSheriff: The drowning victim from Alder Lake yesterday has been recovered . Divers recovered him this afternoon at 4 30 pm. https…
Does anybody have any DIET TIPS? I a! Grossing myself out with my weight... I need results NOW ... The quick off type of diet? I have to get a jump start for my ducati...
Sazuki
I thought again I would feel a sense of relief after typing the truth again.... But there was none.
Typo do=who
August 30th 1995 mount Rainier. Suzuki was the last name of one of the men do were murdered. I apologize for not having the nerve to say it back then so the killers wouldn't be blasting about it in all of those years with the reminders of the accident on  mountain side camp trip.
Compassion
It was straight out of the Hills have Eyes... It was true psycho shit. If I end up being killed I just needed to have in some way have gotten that out.
Me and Jeff almost got murdered too because we showed comparison and pain for what occurred.
I cannot defend what occurred in that fashion so instead I use Twitter so that maybe the police will do further analyses of their bodies as I have been unable to say it directly to the police. And the people who were in on it were Linda Rob Chris and Brad.
I feel horrible over this that they died the way they did and that I was powerless to do anything or I would have been murdered. It must be horrible to be hearing gang chatter about what occurred in 1995 for the relatives of these men and as I do not use gang chatter
Yes two people were murdered to cover up a campsite shootings of fire arms and the bodies were changed due to getting fire arm bullets out and to make it seem like it was caused by the accidental hillside vehicle accident. I have almost been killed over this. I refuse to lie as
RT @realstevepool: Happy 4th ! https://t.co/5tdJsfgs7y
RT @TIME: The 50 best cities in the world to visit alone https://t.co/XmKVMVjmyg
RT @WSJ: Thai officials said the 12 boys and their coach appeared to be in good shape and physically ready for an extraction attempt	https:…
RT @CNN: Four months ago a former Russian double agent and his daughter were exposed to a Soviet-era nerve agent that nearly killed them. N…
RT @KING5Seattle: Sky tech: Aviation innovation making flying safer, more environmentally responsible https://t.co/fDlRLT25p6 https://t.co/…
RT @washingtonpost: Scientists use in vitro fertilization to create viable embryos from near-extinct rhino species https://t.co/26QVizCz8t
RT @CNN: Feuding founders Thomas Jefferson and John Adams both died hours apart on July 4, 1826 -- the 50th anniversary of the Declaration…
Typo not form for me but form the image to me so that it feels like it's me even tho it's the image on me that makes those movements and causes me to do what the image does.
Typo IMAX/lasarium
That way they can act like they are psychic and then force it to occur.that's underground gang targeting.
They put the image on you and it tricks your body and mind to move in the same way as the image so that they can force a pre decided accident they do choose using IMAX/ stadium type of lights and image from and navigation from their electronics and that's the "psychic shit"
Now my neighbors are saying that they are Cgiing me on a bike to simulate how they are going to force me to get into an accident and that means they are going to put that image on me to form for me and the form of the i!she will make the knee jerk reaction and cause the accident.
@AmandaGraceK5 @SafecoField @KING5Seattle How amazing
My ducati... Color still being decided
https://t.co/cAHRyVGMJI
Typo Continue to be your victim. Not survive
the past. Move on. I am and have, your the only ones that are miserable not me. Your the only ones threatening to hit me riding my new ducati with a pressurized gang used lights or your laser pointers used to take down airplanes you and your friends should Get a Life...
I am just taking back what everyone has taken from me. I am not going to survive to you and your contacts like the females that had me attacked and attacked me while I was in down town Seattle. I am not going to be afraid to purchase to get where I was and if not shoulda been in
The numbers were a typo it was supposed to say property
While I am looking for a 0403456 to purchase and a Ducati and a car I am under gang underground imaging and gang audible harassment. The neighbor is jealous that I am planning to move back up in the world instead of being a easy target that seems as though she is nothing.
RT @OEMSeattle: Are you prepared? Follow us for preparedness info and visit https://t.co/9oPK3bF5z1 to sign up for free emergency alerts an…
RT @PhRMA: What if we could make cancer catch a cold? With Oncolytic Virus Therapy from ABC, we can do exactly that by using a modified vir…
RT @LAPDMarcReina: Let’s all have a safe and peaceful 4th of July! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/ISvtCVnvtn
RT @SnoCoSheriff: MISSING PERSON ALERT: 81 year-old August Hurban went missing from his residence at 807 201 PL SE (Bothell) about 2 hours…
This gang chatter is disturbing as they are making threats on space needle towards me. Because they wanted to escape and flea to France and I was their escape route to have gone there "legitimately" . I am not the person doing the radio chatter i am a recipient of the harassment
I am not a terrorist for the record. And I am the one who broke up with him due to him lying about his nationality when I found out he lied when he told me he was French.
All morning I've been forced to hear gang targeting at me about my past dating history about having dated an ISIS member prior to 9/11. Whom  was the alternate of Atta. I did, and yes my biological dad's last name is Craft. And his dad did help design the Space needle.
RT @PattyMurray: Let’s be clear: when the Trump-Pence Administration tells you not to worry about your constitutionally protected health ca…
RT @WSJ: Why is conservatism gaining in Indonesia? For starters, gay rights don’t win votes, says a moderate Islamic leader https://t.co/BN…
RT @CNN: In the 9 months leading up to this weekend's presidential election in Mexico, 130 candidates have been killed https://t.co/jlijGOI…
RT @Weinsteinlaw: Civility in politics is important,		but not nearly as important as reproductive rights, access to healthcare, marriage eq…
RT @NYCCHR: On this anniversary of the #Stonewall riots, we #throwback to Feb 2017, when NYCCHR participated in a rally at Stonewall to sup…
RT @arstechnica: "In a protracted legal battle with Samsung that Apple co-founder Steve Jobs himself once dubbed a "thermonuclear war," the…
RT @PattyMurray: I’m heading to the Senate floor shortly to talk about Justice Kennedy’s retirement and what it means for so many women, pe…
RT @PattyMurray: A right means nothing with the ability to exercise it, which is why we can’t remain silent as radical Republicans create n…
RT @NWSSeattle: A rare opportunity tonight to check out tonight's lightning activity using the Geostationary Lightning Mapper on GOES-16 fr…
RT @komonews: Richard Harrison, 'The Old Man' on 'Pawn Stars,' has died &gt;&gt; https://t.co/0evBlqAc77 https://t.co/SVDZwuZeTH
RT @CNN: A transgender woman was asked for her ID to use a restaurant's bathroom. When she refused, she says she got kicked out https://t.c…
RT @PattyMurray: While I’m so grateful that there are millions of people across this country who adamantly refuse to buy into President Tru…
RT @RepAdamSchiff: Mr. President, we won’t turn our back on those fleeing violence and persecution. We won’t stop offering asylum. We won’t…
RT @SeattlePD: FOUND: Just like that, Hailey has been found and reunited with mom. Thanks to everyone who helped look for her! #Pride https…
RT @PattyMurray: We need to keep sending a message that the Trump Administration’s zero-tolerance policy is cruel, dehumanizing, and in no…
RT @seattletimes: This weekend, June 22-24, PrideFest — one of the city’s biggest summer festivals — and related events will draw huge crow…
RT @downtownseattle: What the #FirstDayOfSummer looks like from the #DowntownSeattle Waterfront. ⛴🎡✨ https://t.co/0StXjsKQCL
RT @LivePDNation: In honor of #GwinnettWeekend we wanted to do a #LivePDGiveaway this weekend!  		Please Follow  @LivePDNation 	Please Foll…
RT @ElisaHahnK5: Welch’s sister now driving to WA state hoping to see her sister’s murderer in court. “Seeing my own kids interact makes me…
RT @drewmikkelsenk5: Man accused of 1986 murder of 12yo Michella Welch is a licensed nurse at a state mental health hospital and collects c…
RT @ElisaHahnK5: These Woodinville HS robotics students under high pressure at the @matecenter international ROV competition #MATEROV @king…
RT @SeattlePD: Investigating bank robbery 2800 block 3 Avenue, 30 minutes ago.  Suspect described as white male, 6'2", late 20s-early 30s,…
RT @ElisaHahnK5: This photo taken after Michella Welch was murdered in 1986. @drewmikkelsenk5 talks to the woman in this pic. She explains…
RT @KING5Seattle: Suspect injured in Normandy Park officer-involved shooting https://t.co/GKLbATea9B https://t.co/5dz3u3ec8i
RT @VICE: "'Buddies' as a kind of time-capsule message from the gays of 1985 to the gays of 2018." https://t.co/ceDUzqztwg
RT @Reuters: No drugs, no alcohol in U.S. celebrity chef Bourdain's body when he died: prosecutor https://t.co/1eBguLhuPz https://t.co/6nhK…
RT @PalmSpringsPD: Outstanding Youth Recognition: Click the link to learn more about this outstanding young man, Explorer Yarej Rust, who w…
RT @calnarcs: The deadly drug fentanyl is being smuggled across our southern and northern borders in massive quantities, but all roads lead…
RT @1200WOAI: Lip sync battle between SAPD and Bexar County Sheriff's Department https://t.co/X8S5pjmw0s
RT @TinaPelkeyFCC: In Boise, @AjitPaiFCC visited the VA Medical Center to see the work they are doing in telehealth to help veterans receiv…
RT @calnarcs: If you are going to play amateur chemist in your apartment it's probably not a good idea to manufacture highly dangerous and…
RT @LAPoliceFdtn: In case there was any doubt about how valuable K-9s are to law enforcement, meet Pensacola Police Department #K9 Foster,…
RT @locklaw: Serving clients throughout the Midwest and in Washington DC for over 35 years – From the Courtroom to the Capitol http://t.co/…
RT @KING5Seattle: A year after announcing a facelift to the entrance of Tacoma's Point Defiance Park, crowds will get a taste of the upgrad…
RT @matthewberryfcc: Day 12 of the post-Title II era:  The Internet is free and open, and it's National Take Your Dog to Work Day.  Unfortu…
RT @KING5Seattle: Pierce County families celebrated Reunification Day at Wapato Park Thursday afternoon. https://t.co/Fg3bvmf0a6 https://t.…
RT @HRC: “The history of pop music is queer history.” Take a look at how the #LGBTQ community has vastly shaped pop culture and music over…
RT @wspd3pio: Traffic alert: WSP Trooper Stairet reporting a 2-car, injury crash on SR 12 in front of Boise Cascade in Walla Walla Co. Troo…
RT @WestPierce: Police pursuit ended at Steilacoom Blvd &amp; Lakewood Dr, hitting a bus with only a driver on board and then 3 other cars. 1 p…
RT @Cookingbooks2: First Survivor https://t.co/il8LXXzpzL  #Sponsor $2.99 #Biographies &amp; #Memoirs #deal #inspirational Life Cancer #memoir…
@Acosta What a loser!!!
RT @Egnyte: Insider data breaches have a huge cost to your business and reputation. Follow us to find out how to protect your business. htt…
RT @marilyndeutsch: Someone hacked the reader board near ICE headquarters in SW Portland. #ICEprotestpdx #abolishICE #Fox12Oregon https://t…
RT @Reuters: Phillie Phanatic's hot dog launch injures fan https://t.co/x9CobENcET https://t.co/p6WC13f4FM
RT @PattyMurray: If we can find hope in one thing, it is knowing that all the calls and emails and letters—all that outcry—got through to t…
RT @PattyMurray: People across the country are going to keep paying attention to this—they are going to continue demanding action—and they…
RT @PattyMurray: Women &amp; families fleeing domestic &amp; sexual abuse, kids being forced by violence to join gangs—these are some of the people…
@PattyMurray (Typo) FCC
@PattyMurray As we all are FORCED to hear wide spread propaganda  done by die hard gang members and like minds. We have heard our own children saying and mouthing the air chatter... When are you gonna get the F?cc to stop it!!!!
@PattyMurray And for the record I am a die hard Democrat and I vote for you.... And I am far from racist. This is what we you populace are enduring and are forced to hear 24/7 with the air radio chatter that we can't turn off. I think it's about time to deal with this issue since we all
@PattyMurray Country (typo)
@PattyMurray Wide spread brain washing (typo)
@PattyMurray Communistic fascist county?. As we all have heard the statistics that at some point in the not so distant future there will be far more Hispanics than other Americans...  The msp15 gangs and all other gangs with a large Hispanic percentage of people are adamant that this is goal?
@PattyMurray What about the radio in air chat in which is also called gang chatter, the gang campaign seems to believe that they have people coming up here from the south to cross our boarders to continue on the side spread brainwashing and changing of our values and laws to some day have a
RT @SnoCoSheriff: A 45 year-old Snohomish woman was shot in her residence at the 15600 block of 59th Dr SE tonight during what deputies bel…
RT @FoxNews: House advances dozens of bills to combat nation's opioid crisis https://t.co/iFR4fdCrCG
RT @washingtonpost: Pentagon suspends "war game" with South Korea after Trump’s meeting with Kim https://t.co/MkfxZUyoi1
RT @washingtonpost: The Cybersecurity 202: Senate defense bill pushes Trump to get tougher on Russian hacking https://t.co/W0a34eIaVi
RT @seattletimes: This is American history, the hard-to-digest parts that put a nation dedicated to liberty in conflict with itself from th…
RT @Marcus_OTF: This man was shot at 4:30 this morning in Chicago and they had his body covered up as if he was dead. Paramedics didn’t eve…
RT @jimbohikernut: @NWSSeattle from 4th and wall #wawx https://t.co/4BRfkuJ27h
RT @NWSSeattle: The summer solstice begins Thursday, June 21st, at 3:07 AM PDT. We are still looking at above normal temperatures for much…
RT @NWSSeattle: The changing shades of #sunrise on the next to last day of spring at NWS Seattle. #wawx https://t.co/sSTXAYiJZ3
RT @washingtonpost: Migrant kids are ‘child actors,’ Ann Coulter says on Fox News, telling Trump not to be fooled https://t.co/kY3Tmej3cU
RT @NWSSeattle: Scenes at NWS Seattle this evening. Since 1945, Seattle has averaged just 1 day of 85 degrees and above in June. However, s…
RT @SupportWASchool: Too many schools are falling apart. FOLLOW to support safe classrooms for our kids! https://t.co/JTuNh86wC7
RT @FCC: This week, Chairman @AjitPaiFCC will visit ID, MT, OR, and WA to highlight how expanding high-speed Internet access and closing th…
RT @KING5Seattle: "Americans Interned" reveals life behind barbed wire for Japanese Americans during World War II.  On view through Sep. 1…
RT @Super70sSports: As Larry Bird arrived on picture day, all he could think was "That's the last time I let McHale cut my hair." https://t…
RT @komonews: Seattle mayor to respond to homeless man's attack on tourists near Space Needle: https://t.co/VFECshkuLC https://t.co/0fwLnUL…
RT @BBCWorld: The tarot revival thanks to Brexit, Trump and Dior https://t.co/V4dFT0v03F
RT @TIME: 3 breakfast rules to follow to lose weight https://t.co/OUUdwmUhtn
RT @DigitalTrends: It's fitting his message is headed for a black hole. 	https://t.co/uWgddydvA8
RT @WSJ: Ultrasonic boom: When signals from devices such as speakers and sensors collide, can they make you sick?	https://t.co/nQDvEMyg6t
RT @CNN: The ashes of renowned physicist Stephen Hawking were interred between the graves of Charles Darwin and Sir Isaac Newton at a memor…
RT @VICE: A new study suggests psychedelics may help people struggling with mental illness. https://t.co/2o5tJhGE2S
@VICE Or does it cause it? If you are a gang target it causes the mental illness!!! One sided look on things...pfffft!
RT @KGWNews: BREAKING: Eugene police confirm that Oregon Duck football player Fotu Leiato was killed in car crash early this morning. https…
RT @mashable: These expandable houses can be built in record time https://t.co/sSfdAdEVBx
RT @USATODAY: A criminal complaint against Waheba Issa Dais alleges that she hacked social media accounts and used them to give instruction…
RT @KeithKOMO4: #BREAKING that $10,000 reward for finding Lily Christopherson is finally being paid today to the woman who spotted her at a…
I am currently being illegally gang surveillance and am seeing imaging of their situation being forced into my current situation they are apparently watching on their devices what I was watching on mine I believe.
RT @KeithKOMO4: "I think this is a very solvable case. I truly believe that we will find the person or person's responsible for this &amp; brin…
RT @VP: “I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, in…
RT @Q13FOX: #BREAKING: The area of Pacific Ave south to the ferry terminal entrance is shut down for an incident involving a person placing…
Her fears of being barried alive not feets of being carried alive
Our ashes not out
casket and they make me sleep next to images of decaying people. Because of that and me not allowing my grandma to be harassed after death without these people being incarcerated for what they have done to her. But the good thing is she is not physically being raped and sexually
changed her mind prior to death. I used to believe in ion ground partials but now I refuse to do it because I have been forced to see people's underground penetrating imaging of people decaying at different periods of the process and I can't let my body continue after death to be
through one of the legs of the counter stool he was sitting on. It was a terrible drive by a pre teen was shot, thankfully not fately. And there were other times as well... I will touch on those at another time.
then there was bullets flying through the trailer I think it was like 5 different guns it got sprayed badly and again the gang  voice said where do you want the next shots to go? I looked down and above and over and thats where they went . We were on bar stools and a bullet tore
Another time when I was warned of incoming gun shots was when I was staying in a drug trailer using meth between she 17and 18 years old when me and a friend were sitting at the counter and there was a drive by. I heard them tell me to not be afraid it his is not meant for you and
It seems like that just wasn't enough for the gang members. Once your in their scope your in it for life.. I felt so sad for what he went through he was my class mate and I hope one day he won't be inflicted.
And that was when Jeff's older brother and his best friend were killed by the Smith girl. I still see imaging and hear the targeting of Jeff Rocco via gang targeting. They speak down about his sexuality. It upsets me that he lost his older brother and his brothers best friend and
neighbor woman was watching me and Yes I heard gang chatter warn me there is danger at the school. Then I heard him shot and inbetween I heard where do you want the bullet to go and I auto pilotly  turned my head and looked up and over and he said ok and then more gun shots and
going to these specific schools;Edison, Sheridan,Park avenue, Jenny read, and Thompson Elementary schools by half way into 3rd grade. Any ways just after moving to the Spanaway house where I loved accessed the street from Thompson Elementary and Spanaway Jr.High school and the
I recall several times in my life where I was warned of immediate gang member's with guns in use in are via gang chatter however the warnings weren't for the best  purposes. When we moved into the Spanaway house and yes I am the little girl target who was gang chatered about
and they steel it for life or they try to for life. I don't know how friends of such a sweet person like Timmy could do that but they do.
But these gang members that are targeting me saying that their image was on me and that they are the ones who forced me to say it. They were inside but they aren't the ones who said it and who had a life long epiphany from it. They are or experience someone having a true moment
Been harassed over the decades about what I said to Timmy after putting his favorite jewelry of mine onto him in his open casket, I accidentally touched his skin and I said that's how I know there's a such thing as spirits because he's so cold and his has gone from his body...
Little brothers¶ Bo, and Luke, Duke¶, and those friends like Timmy Skimhorn that had come over the night prior to being murdered  that's also an ongoing gang illegal surveillance of a murdered friend being killed in which I saw countless times over the decades. And I have been
Night well into my teen years. I would lay in bed and pray to God to say hi and I love you to my uncle DEAN Carlson and to take care of him up in heaven. later on I would add loved ones I had moved away from like Ricardo Rentals and his sister Linda And their two twin little
That's the uncle of me and Ted's that have red a snoopy stuffed animal and me a tiny the tiger like toy.. It was really a stuffed cat but it had tiger stripes and I saw an image of Tony the tiger via gang imaging and so I named it that. I slept with that stuffed animal every
I also still see imaging of me as a small child walking to st. Joseph's hospital to visit my uncle DEAN while in the hospital for leukemia treatment. I walked from Wright's park all by "myself" however I wasn't I was guided by gang chatter and lights to get there it was 	 luring.
The illegal recording I believe came from her home being broken into and I think that's also where the gang members got the images of grandma and her sisters that they used on her that passed to some as delusions of a hospice patient. But I saw the exact same thing that she saw.
Have never truly occurred. I remember after she passed me and mom and Devin spent the night at grandma's home and I saw gang imaging of her and I could see the pressure of her images feet in her carpet and I could hear gang illegal recording of her breathing &amp; clearing her throat
And it's not just one incident of  me enduring seeing each person's suicide it's been ongoing thing over decades for some of their deaths of which I have seen repetitively.Also I must say no I am not talking like I am god. I just did not proof read 1of them just predictive text.
@ShinobiNinja I am sorry I am sure it's great I am just not into what if type of thinking. I am a person who doesn't but into woulda shoulda coulda. I think that apparition your law makers to get changes made.
However the Tridell that's like a brother of mine I still have no true confirmation of his death. This one I knew since elementary school. Only suicide gang imaging. I hope it's not true but I saw horrifying visuals like his eye coming out.
That Tridell I have seen and heard via gang targeting his "voice" I am unsure of it were truly him or from our meeting each other being illegally gang surveillance so they "got to know him" and pretended to be him. However when I saw him for he died and he was truly dead...
I also must say while one person I have known from Spinning Wheels roller palace by the name of Tridell  did pass away and I found out via gang imaging by suicide was how he passed. I have seen imaging of us meeting and me being surprised that he too was named Tridell
O would also like to address the gang chatter I have been hearing since my last post. No I have never been on a radio or internet call not home phone call and used them for blasting purposes... EVER NEVER!
https://t.co/UzR6isComc
That they can kill me a broken heart or just life long torcherd until they finally kill me.I am trying to preserve my/children's lives by making court hearings restraining orders calls to 911to make it so obvious what's going on to where they can't kill us because its well known.
And it does cross party lines and it don't. It's not that they don't like my friends, or people I grew up and always felt as them as my family and always will, it's that they hate me and want to see me in pain or they wouldn't show it to me. They are trying to make me week so
The side target part of being a target is they make you the target watch in horror what they do to the side targets (your loved ones) you love including their deaths and hardships and there's nothing you can do but be heartbroken and know there is nothing you can do horrifying
Infliction of your in air imaging of my loved ones you gang members have caused their lives to turn into suicide or murder or into having "schizophrenia" or bad "luck" forced by your drive to over reach your focus of controlling and manipulating people. I am your target Not Them!
And still one of the most horrific ones I've had to see via you illegal recording of people and tormenting the ones I love is Danny Bailey, my old best friend that I was forced to watch being triggered and lied to to where he killed himself. I hate gangs for the constant
Into suicide riddles, is disgusting. And to the point where you really have to get a life. It is very sad what you've done.Very disturbing.I'm still seeing imaging of what happened to Doug Dizerzignoweski and to Ron Sigsworth both of their suicide and they ALL 3 brothers to me.
But when you go around haunting people's homes with ghost hunters imaging (loosely said) imaging cameras and inflicting them over and over about loved ones possible deaths and what they would look like dying and cause tremendous heart ache and then you force Triddles into
Suicide riddles... Triddles... Gangs these days really need to grow up and get a life... We all know your the kings and queens of making up codes whether be via sign language, or eyes and hand and body movement signals used for your prostitution rings and your use of propaganda.
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: Yesterday I saw Tridell Morken's suicide by gang imaging up in the air and it looked real. He is a brother to me. I gr…
However what was in the paper was a suicide riddle which is part of how I used to spell Tridell 's name as a child and that was Triddles because that's how I thought it was spelt. I have heard his name being said as Triddles via air talk aka gang chatter, like why I spelt  wrong.
RT @Roarbutt: Let’s play I Spy— other than my obvious addiction— what do you see? https://t.co/MkxoD5gOt2
I was told yesterday that I would receive notification on the news paper in the obituary in which would confer he had passed so I bought a paper today at Fred Meyers and  in the obituary his name was not on there however the
Yesterday I saw Tridell Morken's suicide by gang imaging up in the air and it looked real. He is a brother to me. I grew up with him and I saw him being triggered by gang activity. I have seen what haunts him and they haunt me too. I Love you Tridell.
RT @Christina_Roof: Watch this amazing body cam footage of a @BaltimorePolice Officer catching a shooter secs after he killed a 29yr old.…
RT @seattletimes: Businesses get a win on head tax, but solution to Seattle homelessness crisis still elusive. (via @ViannaDavila and @brom…
RT @HRC: Two years after the massacre at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, @HRC remembers Alejandro Barrios Martinez. #HonorThemWithAction https:…
RT @KING5Seattle: A proposed ordinance would let Seattle police give out citations for engine noise that can be heard more than 75 feet awa…
@KING5Seattle For engine noise.. That's great  the less noise the better. I think the in air gang chatter which is abusive is far worse than engine noise..
RT @SEACityLight: Crews responding to reports of about 5,000 customers out of service in the Beacon Hill area. Updates at https://t.co/eMfX…
RT @NWSSeattle: As the sun set this evening, Glacier Peak was playing a peek-a-boo among the clouds. Or is that "peak-a-boo" is this case?…
@NWSSeattle When I was a small	 Child my family and I climbed glacier peek. It was beautiful.
RT @HobbyBroadcastr: @FCC Then why does Title 47 C.F.R Section 302(a) remains unenforced, allowing would-be radio pirates to buy illegally…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: No one is allowed to copy, edit, steal, or pilfer, etc., my story in any way, if you would like to cover my story, new…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: Gang targeting is literally "inflicted" on someone can be for various reasons, these "inflications" mimic schizophreni…
I get hit by the big green laser pointers and am forced to drive with several images 3D pointed into the vehicle while I have other children in the vehicle.
it also happens when I drive gang member use interference pointed at the vehicle so I am forced to focus on their voices blaring wlrather than the radio stations working.
Instead I don't know about any of you but I am visually harassed everytime I take public transportation and am in fear at times for everyone lives encase of a bus incodent
When I typed how targets are forced to feel schizophrenic because police don't all recognize it as targeting although we all hear it on blast every day. And there have been no public anounvement about why we are visually, audibly, etc. Being harassed due to me being target.
While typing from my phone that targeting has broken the screen on and believe me its touchy, I must now revise what was already tweeted in the next tweet as Im out of space.
RT @FCC: The new framework for protecting and preserving an open Internet took effect today: https://t.co/R9M1BO7Bie #FCCInternetFreedom
And they have noticed them as well.
In several court rooms with different Commissioners/Judges.
Court officials do go through targeting attacks as they prosecute these criminals, and when they do they get the visuals and straight on attacks whether by imaging, lights hitting them or shooting accessed their court rooms, and vocal harassment as well. I know because I saw it.
I am not saying to not make police reports, because you want to document as much as possible, to have those proofs to prove your case. It's just courts to "go through it" too, as they prosecute these criminals. Have faith because some are doing it right out there!
Gang targeting is literally "inflicted" on someone can be for various reasons, these "inflications" mimic schizophrenia. And it is very difficult to get help via the police, however I have found that the courts are much easier to get your story in without being judged.
People need to be told by politicians etc. About what underground gang activity is so they don't feel afraid to call it in so that we as American citizens no longer have to suffer in silence and so we aren't afraid of looking like we are schizophrenic.
RT @BrendanCarrFCC: Americans are passionate about the free &amp; open Internet.		Today, the FCC's Restoring Internet Freedom order took effect…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: Am being forced to kiss the president of N. Korea  butt and also shake his hand via gang imaging. Also they are tellin…
Am being forced to kiss the president of N. Korea  butt and also shake his hand via gang imaging. Also they are telling me via gang chatter be nice to image so he won't hold grudge against me and drop any nuclear resolve that's possible. This is treason and communistic.
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: woke up to gang members 3D  imaging molesting me. And talking to me. Then told I am Craig Jordan's New target been his…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: #FCC I been hearing this morning  gang chatter/used imaging of how they plan to change our country into a communist co…
#FCC I been hearing this morning  gang chatter/used imaging of how they plan to change our country into a communist country with their in air propaganda and their beliefs what they are doing's illegally they make other people do and so everyone is afraid of doing right thing.
And I was sleeping right in between my son and his dad's daughter.
woke up to gang members 3D  imaging molesting me. And talking to me. Then told I am Craig Jordan's New target been his target however for the longest but he told me his real name is Scoty. That was a big shock (sarcasm) as he drive van spray painted with Scoty graffiti. Why me?
RT @KING5Seattle: WATCH: Driver slams into Auburn donut shop https://t.co/9UxU45Qj6b https://t.co/S8rGpv9bDH
RT @KING5Seattle: Crane operator takes pride in building Seattle https://t.co/RfcfDkhqFe https://t.co/gPzDvJsjZ0
RT @KING5Seattle: Fourth suspect charged in connection to Bonney Lake teen https://t.co/cUFNR35wAS https://t.co/p1GL92ploE
I am now seeing and hearing gang used imaging of ISIS and Jihad people and content.
@FCC  I meant it you guys could do scans without being notified of the noise pollution rhetoric and brain washing that we are all hearing, not to just not do it. These people just broke a cellphone in part. And this was via harassing me and I cannot replace it.
And also they want to get my cell phone number for themselves is what I meant to tweet instead of the first part of the first line
And also put of my cell phone number as they plan to get that number later on to access my account information to change and spin my information on my account etc.
My cell phone just got broken when I was harassed via gang activities and I then dropped it during the harassment. The screen has spider web crack it's bad as I hadn't replaced the screen saver. And I then heard gang chatter trying to talk me into being dropped from my mom's plan
RT @KING5Seattle: WATCH: Driver slams into Auburn donut shop https://t.co/qyNUv6yWhH https://t.co/CKVnZ7jFWr
RT @KING5Seattle: 'Tomato soup' algae blooms wash up on Puget Sound beaches https://t.co/11Ny53EH2Q https://t.co/NWbenPUfoi
RT @Alyssa_Milano: My sudden surge? No. I’m just DONE w/ the gun lobby controlling our politicians and children dying. 		Empathy and compas…
RT @MSNBC: JUST IN: President Trump says he may pardon deceased boxer Muhammad Ali.
RT @LAPDGND: Please #RT - Thank you #suicidehotline https://t.co/S9zi0jgzRz
RT @JudicialWatch: Follow us and get breaking news on Washington corruption!
RT @hrw: THREAD: Women cannot drive a car in Saudi Arabia. That is supposed to change on June 24, due to the work of brave women activists.…
RT @eoionline: Sexual harassment, cultural assumptions of supervisors, and inadequate  societal support for caregiving – along with outrigh…
RT @AJCGlobal: Hate crimes are rising. White supremacists are openly marching against minorities. AJC is here to fight bigotry. Follow us t…
RT @BarackObama: “Low plastic stool, cheap but delicious noodles, cold Hanoi beer.” This is how I’ll remember Tony. He taught us about food…
RT @UNHumanRights: Killings of suspected “drug offenders” in #Bangladesh must stop. People do not lose their #HumanRights because they sell…
RT @OHCHRAsia: #BANGLADESH: Some 130 people have reportedly been shot dead by security forces in three weeks and another 13,000 arrested af…
RT @hrw: Quote of the Day, by @unhumanrights high commissioner Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein on the deadly 'war on drugs' in #Bangladesh https://t.…
RT @UNHumanRights: #UnitedStates: The use of immigration detention &amp; family separation as a deterrent runs counter to #HumanRights standard…
RT @crisistiocix: Jens Kristian Balle https://t.co/GkcKlgQCzO
RT @seattletimes: Homemade explosives likely cause of blast that destroyed SUV in Federal Way, police say, @stimesmcarter reports: https://…
RT @SenatorCantwell: Americans need stability and affordability in health insurance—not the chaos caused by the Trump Administration.		http…
RT @FEMARegion10: #ThursdayThoughts being #prepared includes continuing to strengthen #partnerships and learning from exercises like #Casca…
RT @ms_resist_now: @davereichert this made you sad? You knew identity of the "Green River Killer" for 20 yrs but couldn't bring justice for…
RT @lineupweekly: In 1984, lead investigators on the Green River Killer task force turned to an unlikely source for help...		How Infamous S…
RT @ADRIANSYSNET: B.C. serial killer task force looks to Green River case: Files opened at Seattle meeting	-VANCOUVER EASTSIDE MISSING WOME…
RT @SeattlePD: Police on scene at 3rd/Yesler after woman was shot. Seattle Fire treating victim. More information to come shortly.
RT @LaHabraPD: April is National Distracted Driving Awareness Month	Adults model safe behavior of NOT texting while driving and let our you…
RT @GilCisnerosCA: Susie from La Habra will be voting for Gil! Help us flip this seat blue! #VoteJune5 #TeamGil #CA39 https://t.co/ee3Zs9a1…
RT @BFTFAurora: IN CUSTODY https://t.co/zf6fY6uxn6
RT @joyce_kathie: Downey, California police officer Ricardo 'Ricky' Galvez, 29, was shot dead on November 18, while sitting in his car at t…
RT @HowIZYourSoul: #all lives matter Teen charged in death of Downey, California, police officer @CNN https://t.co/hKLw1639a2
RT @911hotjobs: Police Officer Recruit - Downey, California	https://t.co/4zt8JpRe7J
RT @BFTFAurora: #MomentOfSilence Please take a moment of silence as the Downey California Police Department lay Ofifcer Ricky... https://t.…
RT @FOXBaltimore: Police car chase in Downey, California, streaming here: https://t.co/Y4t14UjhNR https://t.co/7d5i2h6ArY
RT @wastatepatrol: Congratulations to our 40 new troopers. It's an honor to serve with you. #WSPGrad109 https://t.co/Gbm1bf1rGH
RT @JoyceTaylorKING: 30 years ago! #Crazy Realized this morning I was hired at @KING5Seattle 30 years ago -- June 1 1988.  Check out our ol…
RT @washingtonpost: "Make sure more faces won’t be added to this mural": 16-year-old memorializes slain D.C. teens https://t.co/z1OPs1jnuP
RT @TheDemocrats: We must do better for communities of color. Everyone deserves to feel safe in their own neighborhood. https://t.co/BrGlQC…
RT @NPR: Suicide rates have increased in nearly every state over the last two decades, a new Centers for Disease Control and Prevention stu…
@KING5Seattle I will not be voting for him that's for sure. It broke my heart when he let the sonic go out of state. He is a liar in my eyes.I one of biggest sonics fans growing up went to many games and since he sold out I have watched less than a hand full of any games. That's how jaded am.
@NWSSevereTstorm I am so sorry about all of the recent severe weather across the country. I wish the best for everyone and I apologize for all losses to everyone.
RT @ProFightLeague: We are excited to ring the closing bell on Thurs 6/7 at @Nasdaq! The Professional Fighters League presents MMA for the…
If not then please again contact me first and ask me with your full intent what you want it for.
I have been hearing that because I insist no one steels etc my posts stories etc that they just heart it then have their friends cut and paste. Though I also insist that that does not occur. My life has been stolen enough. I wish people to stop if that's your intentions.
RT @seattletimes: More than 200 new laws take effect in Washington state this week, including a package of bills meant to address sexual mi…
And so I am wondering if you guys can check the area spuratically throughout the day.? I am not trying to be a hassle but when I can't read a book in peace its a problem.
@FCC Hello this is Brenda again. I am hearing gang chatter to where I have to read outloud then a neighbors friend on a computer call from what I can tell is being put up to a CB mic and being blasted while his friend reads same book as I am and they are switching facts matter..
RT @Q13FOX: Wizard of Oz’s last living munchkin dies at 98 https://t.co/DEYFlu42N2 https://t.co/gBylO2jogF
Please stop copying my story@ and paying it or re-tweeting it I have already posted this tweet "No one is allowe to copy....etc. Please read it. https://t.co/nLjYG0tC7g
RT @FCC: Unlawful transmissions could interfere with key government and public safety services like aviation systems and weather radar syst…
@FCC gang chatter and the smell of sulfur I am hearing
RT @NWSSeattle: As the sphere of hot plasma continued to set, it whispered, 	"Hey, I'm going to make Wednesday a sunny day for the Interior…
@Reuters This is so horrible. .. I hope things get better for you all.
RT @Reuters: Scores more homes destroyed by lava flow on Hawaii's Big Island https://t.co/17qVGFAgpR
RT @TheRickWilson: On the Kate Spade news, a reminder...for those of you feeling like the world is hopeless and no one is listening please…
RT @seattletimes: Bill Gates is giving away free copies of his favorite book of the year to 2018 college graduates https://t.co/oylZbp4h9e…
RT @KING5Seattle: LIVE AERIALS &gt;&gt; SUV exploded outside Federal Way home: https://t.co/PckTBGjxUI https://t.co/o5TrPgMQXH
RT @Intelnetwork: Where do you think the most data will come from in the #5G future?
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: @FCC Its happening again. Right up to when I get ready to tweet you or re-tweet the chatter begins again and then they…
@FCC I am electronically targeted and or its the illegal gang sirvailance.
@FCC Its happening again. Right up to when I get ready to tweet you or re-tweet the chatter begins again and then they stop for a period of time before they start back up.
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: @FCC I am a gang target in WA. State and I am constantly harassed via radio frequencies channels turned up. You know,…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: BBC News - Rebuilding after 9/11 https://t.co/xQ0FvMPQnJ
BBC News - Rebuilding after 9/11 https://t.co/xQ0FvMPQnJ
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: @FCC I am having the most beautiful long silence .... I haven't heard it so quiet in decades.. All because I twittered…
@FCC I am having the most beautiful long silence .... I haven't heard it so quiet in decades.. All because I twittered the FCC
@FCC I am a gang target in WA. State and I am constantly harassed via radio frequencies channels turned up. You know, the in air chatter by gang members and activists who talk non stop doom and gloom isis,  jihad, prostitution, murder etc. I am being singled out by them. What can do?
RT @FCC: BREAKING: FCC proposed $2.8 million fine against HobbyKing for marketing noncompliant drone transmitters.
RT @FCC: .@FCC has proposed a $2.8M fine for marketing drone transmitters which could apparently transmit in unauthorized radio frequency b…
RT @nateryanphoto: Watch the skies. https://t.co/cUgXsx78kI https://t.co/f1PODx0BaL
Mexico slaps 20 percent tariff on Washington state apples https://t.co/xAv0QaaZHt
RT @HuffPost: Paul Manafort has been accused of reaching out to witnesses in an attempt to influence their testimonies for his trial. Rober…
RT @free_equal: "Japan has a great opportunity to catch up with other members of the G7 when it comes to countering discrimination against…
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: This is what large green laser pointer did to my leg 3 circles with bruise around it. https://t.co/pNaQ45dVpP
RT @BrendaLynnDela3: This happened while on my way to winco in Tacoma WA. While being under attack via gang chatter, gang used imaging, and…
This happened while on my way to winco in Tacoma WA. While being under attack via gang chatter, gang used imaging, and large green laser pointers being pointed at me from outside of vehicle I was driving. I had years rolling down my face.
This is what large green laser pointer did to my leg 3 circles with bruise around it. https://t.co/pNaQ45dVpP
RT @AlbertMylesAM: Eye Specialist Warns Of Blinding Danger Presented By Laser Pointers | Nation | China Daily https://t.co/940BXQigNa
RT @drdugas: @SturdyHugh @CBCAlerts Authorities likely distracted them with laser pointers to get the drone controls from them.
RT @sammyshipples: Aiming laser pointers at airplanes is a great past time activity.
RT @c_cozart: @leelooD5 It’s called laser pointers people!
RT @dkxkee: @Bob_Janke Laser pointers work pretty well.
RT @DMQuayle: @recon_Jake Red laser pointers on foreheads are awesome warning signs.
RT @TrumpIdeasBot: Let's give the Army laser pointers. All warfare is based on deceit
RT @smashking777: @taitora9 @Bailey_FoxHeart Become a teacher! Oh wait....I think the students will try using laser pointers to distract yo…
RT @godsoftware: @tsunamisystem AND SHE ADDED TO THE DAMN AESTHETIC TOO IMO!! LIKE. PEOPLE ARE BITTER BECAUSE SHES CUTER THAN THEM yknow sh…
RT @41actionnews: KCPD concerned about laser pointers affecting aircraft https://t.co/OCSeVLmVcT https://t.co/8MLTlOhpBz
RT @peabodyaccess: Join us this Thursday for a class on Night and Long Shutter Speed Photography is focused on taking beautiful photos in n…
RT @VivaLABoom_: Where can I buy gunpowder ? - Laser Pointers 	https://t.co/CI0veKlcez
RT @ChinaDailyUSA: Eye specialist warns of blinding danger presented by laser pointers.
RT @BenLiebeskind: @dallandrummond Clearly the last common ancestor of vertebrates was fond of laser pointers.
RT @dropdeadredtx: @jahtrue @MarkHarrisNYC We have walkies with in- ear headsets, red laser pointers, and 'spotters' who do NOTHING  but wa…
RT @images_mc: @marymjoneil @DoctrBenway @get_it_maggie @9toed_Viking @WTEpaminondas @AnneNewsJunkie @RRISC01 @catjacarol01 @LSpangler16 @j…
RT @jeffsonstein: @images_mc @marymjoneil @DoctrBenway @get_it_maggie @9toed_Viking @WTEpaminondas @AnneNewsJunkie @RRISC01 @catjacarol01 @…
RT @VeroushkaBC: @netanyahu Well its no secret anymore but you missed the laser pointers
RT @ZeroBolusZero: @Robert_Mills i have a question for you, regarding francho, which i have not been able to satisfactorily answer on my ow…
RT @brainjail: these new Pokeball controllers should have laser pointers in the front, so you can legally harm the retinas of the loser.
Former US intelligence official accused of selling secrets to China arrested on way to Sea-Tac https://t.co/rzzOawINTQ via @Q13FOX
RT @swarmofthought: @SpacedockHQ @JamesSACorey When I hear "vertebrae-shaped" in the Singh's chapter, its invoking a covenant-esque aesteti…
RT @grizcreative: @SonofNun did I mention my log is hallowed out and has lights leds and projectors protruding from every angle?
RT @KING5Seattle: What does Starbucks' new 'no purchase' policy mean for the homeless? https://t.co/DYPWPkZomA https://t.co/LlgZtbU4j0
RT @USCGPacificNW: #USCG aircrew from Sector Columbia River medically evacuated a 43-year-old fisherman, reportedly suffering from severe l…
RT @KeithKOMO4: "It was a joint effort of everyone involved and her safe return could not have happened without everybody's hard work and d…
RT @KeithKOMO4: "They want everyone, everyone, absolutely everyone to know how much they appreciate it. From the whole community to every j…
To grasp the latest physics breakthrough, think of sumo wrestlers and barracudas https://t.co/K512rSNzqf
RT @business: What it's like to be a cryptocurrency miner https://t.co/kHDYl0Izo1 https://t.co/xZaKFBR57p
RT @IssaSassyBitch: Hate cardi B all u want but her songs turn u from a sad bitch to a bad bitch in 0.3 seconds okurrrrrrrrrr
@KING5Seattle Thank god she's ok and the police are getting to the bottom of this.
RT @KING5Seattle: Tips to travel for cheap from a couple who saved $60,000 on vacations https://t.co/aMQBZbXcLR https://t.co/lnZLqWRy2t
RT @business: Apple announces a slew of new anti-addiction iPhone controls https://t.co/fFJTjoJvc7 https://t.co/rmlT2t265E
RT @MomsDemand: This #PrideMonth, we honor the members of marginalized communities who are disproportionately affected by gun violence. htt…
RT @seattletimes: The 17-year-old Franklin High School senior, who dreamed of a career in the Marine Corps, went ghost hunting at a local p…
RT @WSJ: North Korean hacker teams ranked first, second and third of 7,600 in a world-wide competition https://t.co/mPLvLQmX4V https://t.co…
×2
I am hearing gang chatter about an old schoolmate and his sexuality. It's abusive and overly not your buiseness to harass people whom I know although I have been hearing his name via gang chatter since elementary school when a sad incident shook he and his families lives as well.
Ever since my posts that I don't want anyone to steel my story I have been gang harassed by ghostly images as usual w/cameras and camcorder type of devices. While doing that they have been questioning me and further harassing me about why? I am as always im in extreme durress.
So to calm the swarm down about typos I am a natural at it... Lmfao so OT=it is not some secret squirrel code for gang relations. It is a many times over TYPO. Secret Squirrel is a term I have used since CHILDHOOD that I have been hearing via gang chatter over the past month etc.
I
I can hear gang chatter telling me my mistakes on Twitter... Here this is for the last line... I. Know of. Notorious gang members I know of. Meaning people who I either went to school with or from certain times and areas,places in my past i have gone to.
I forgot a comma and I miss typed. Gang members know about. Not membegain.	Tattoo meaning, gang hostage take overs.
,
The way I know its gangs is i am hearing about prostitution, child porn, extortion, ID theft, car shootings, people being kidnapped for sex trafficking gang retaliation, tattoo meanings gang hostage takeovers, WA. Sects and sets, names of notorious gang membegain know about.
Launching not laughing
Gang chatter for me has also been a realm of doom and gloom content fear mongering and death and drive-by and kidnapping threats and isis cells about talking to North Korea about missile laughing towards our state during the Olympic games etc.
Gang chatter for me has been a constant swarm via radio frequencies and vocalized harassment coming from wall chatter, meaning another apartment or duplex or building occupants/frequenters  nearby saying gang related things that resign with you that singles you and situations out
No one is allowed to copy, edit, steal, or pilfer, etc., my story in any way, if you would like to cover my story, news,  or anything I have typed to you or anyone or agency please contact me in advance with straight forward inquiries and explanations in full .....
I am trying to work on an amended law to help with this situation of audible terrorism of gang members and activists and for one way gang restraining orders in state to help people inflicted and also targeted to ensure safety from gang targeting to utilize our rights as humans
Is there a solution to the gang underground intrusive targeting against us? And what should washintonians do now to try and get RESTFUL SLEEP?
Am I the only one who bathes and sees 3D imaging of people sitting around me laughing when my situation is illegally gang survailanced and put live into other peoples homes? The answer is no.... Everyone where I live is going through it.
Who has noticed the gang chatter going all day and night about violent crimes and who all have seen these protruding projected imaging with footage of these criminal act?
@PierceSheriff Male was on his side for the second shot andstumbled and was skit again while on three of his extremities...now hearing something else about the car not sure if its true .
@PierceSheriff And that may have occurred after his sister or someone was raped at another time maybe. 17 year old boy shot in park seattle
@PierceSheriff This morning I saw gang used imaging in the air of what is said to be last nights situation there was gang chatter associated with it I saw a guy get shot twice on left side hip abdominal are and one above left eye. Blue old paint job on car and may have occured after he was hit
RT @WAStateArchives: It's a beautiful day for an #ArchivesRoadTrip to Mount Rainier! 100 years ago today, the park was opened to the travel…
OT = it
Oops OT was the tall ones brother... I found that out later.
@HuskerTony31 @Babydoll68154 My uncle passed away from leukemia when I was a small child... I am sorry for your loss.
@Babydoll68154 I am so very sorry for your loss. I won't forget your message. Thank you your beautiful
Incident not insolent https://t.co/oDba9jTUvx
@amkrell I know more about this insolent and that OT was pre meditated by a crIp OG and I can identify the OG. I am just afraid to bring it to the Tacoma police because he knows who I am and I know he gang survailencing me.
RT @stacia_glenn: Bonney Lake teen still missing. Sex offender, woman charged in her kidnapping, @amkrell reports. 		https://t.co/eRGneI24pI
@PierceSheriff What is Swatting?
Also just so you know I am positive its him and I am being retaliated against just for tweeting these. Its in the air as they are playing the "if you do it where everyone can see then the police won't look at me game".We have kids and innocent people here, so I don't care.
The mans feet were actually worked on on surgery. And no its not the tall thin man with Grey hair. I mean the shorter male with grey hair. And the woman married I believe to the tall man told me about how he worked at doors and knobs back in the 70's 80's .
@Q13FOX the man with the DNA profile I believe has long stays with a neighbor of mine. I was told he worked at knobs 2nd sketch looks exactly like him only the real person had leg surgery recently His addy where he has been seen is 8624 pacific ave # 15 Tacoma WA 98444.
@catchwmw @Q13FOX @DavidRoseQ13FOX @SnoCoSheriff I went shopping on the 8th at WINO in Tacoma WA and I was audibly harassed the gang chatter wanted me to buy the lettuce Q13 brought up this morning food poisoning please call me I am the target of crips.
@larrykim These teens went through a horrendous school shooting. ..Ted you are just as bad as trump in my eyes from now on.
@PierceSheriff @wastatepatrol Typo on the last ..thlast
@PierceSheriff @wastatepatrol I would like to know if there is any updates on thlast GKHS shooter that hasnt yet been caught? I keep seeing gang imaging of him. His image comes to harass me frequently in 3D form....
RT @NyleDiMarco: Stephen Hawking...		A testament that disability is not “inability” and that people with disabilities can achieve anything…
RT @TwitterMoments: Professor Stephen Hawking has died at the age of 76, his family confirmed.	https://t.co/W47Lr8Pfa7
@SeattlePD I am seeing gang imaging of the guy from the news this morning with eyebrow tattoos its gang projected imaging just tout you might want to know. I was threatened that if I call police they will kill my son. And they said that using gang chatter.in tacoma
@PierceSheriff What happened with the last suspect was he ever turned in? I have been seeing gang imaging of him just like I was seeing it of the suspect who turned himself in same day as last I tweeted.
https://t.co/7vOfZVGUsP via @youtube
RT @CNN: Nearly 7 in 10 Americans say sexual harassment is a very serious problem, according to a new CNN Poll, a 34-point shift from a CNN…
RT @SeattlePD: Officers investigating homicide/attempted suicide at assisted living facility in 500 block of 16th Ave. More details as they…
RT @KING5Seattle: NEW: NTSB says Amtrak train was going 78 mph at last recorded speed. Video recovered from the train show the crew was "no…
RT @KIRO7Seattle: NTSB releases initial review of Amtrak train recorders in Wash. derailment https://t.co/7mJWrtKfvv
@KING5Seattle Why would you want your child picture on a bottle of wine?	I know you can have it age but that's gross.
RT @KING5Seattle: Parents give teachers bottles of wine with son's picture on them https://t.co/0rugPBO6qA https://t.co/OiKT1nDh0b
@PierceSheriff Was he the person on the derailed train? Channel 13 had pictures of two passed away on train derailed and he looks like one of them
WHO'S@andreaosorto294
RT @CNN: Rep. Himes: The President is attacking the FBI; “You have to ask yourself, ‘Why?’” If you're convinced you're innocent, why would…
RT @NatGeo: The CDC is reportedly banned from using several words and phrases in their budget documents, including "science-based"—here's w…
RT @jonhumbert: UPDATE: New information on the GKHS shooting. Two suspects now in custody. Getaway car found, per @DavidRoseQ13FOX https://…
RT @NASAEarth: The new island is perched on the north rim of a caldera on top of an underwater volcano that stands nearly 4,600 feet above…
RT @NASAEarth: When the ash finally settled in January 2015, a newborn island with a 400-foot summit was nestled between two older islands…
RT @NASAEarth: In December 2014, an underwater volcano in the South Pacific erupted, sending a violent stream of steam, ash and rock into t…
RT @PierceSheriff: Suspect identified as GKHS shooter identified by #PCSD detectives; 16 year old male suspect turned himself in late this…
We #NeedtoImpeach @RealDonaldTrump. Join me and sign on to @TomSteyer’s petition demanding Congress impeach Trump. https://t.co/BWfKuSj3w5
@PierceSheriff I have been hearing gang chatter and gang used imaging about this subject and seeing the suspects imagings taunting my family and I have been hearing about anthrax threats via gang targeting techniques.