Hard to know which is more dangerous—jeopardizing our most sensitive national security information or so cavalierly lying about it. Have we lost our ability to be shocked? https://t.co/YstS4opjbK
“History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.” Martin Luther King, Jr.
POTUS’ latest temper tantrum is not about border security. Like a spoiled two year old holding his breath, he is holding our nation hostage—trying to force taxpayers to foot the bill for his vanity project he promised Mexico would fund. Meanwhile, the country suffers.
This shouldn’t get lost in the avalanche of crazy.  The wall we need is between DOJ and the White House. The foundation of our democracy- the rule of law- depends on it. https://t.co/HVktymSoWF
There is some good news amidst the chaos: the Senate passed a bipartisan sentencing reform bill. While there is still much more to do, it is a step in the right direction to make our system more just and our communities more safe.
RT @JohnBrennan: Michael Hayden is one of this country’s noblest patriots, dedicating his life to America’s national security. A man of tre…
In a single day, POTUS turns a blind eye to the barbaric murder of journalist and we learn that he tried to order DOJ to go after his political adversaries. Is there no depth to which he will not sink? We can’t let him drag America down with him.
Democracy is only democracy if ALL eligible ballots are counted. It’s not just about Stacey Abrams or any particular candidate. It’s about our country’s fundamental promise to #CountEveryVote
We should not lose sight of why POTUS fired the AG – because he wants a political crony to protect him from the investigation of his own campaign.The rule of law is disappearing before our eyes. My column from a year ago when POTUS began trying to humiliate the AG into resigning. https://t.co/8ARr1A4GhQ
Today President Trump brought his divisive scare tactics to a race already plagued by voter suppression and misuse of office. Georgians have the opportunity to reject the politics of fear and make history. Elect Stacey Abrams! @staceyabrams
What kind of country do we want to be? All the marching, organizing, and protesting will just be noise if we don’t all go to the polls on Tuesday to answer that question. VOTE!
Too much is at stake for our president to treat criminal justice reform as a vehicle for celebrity photo ops. My thoughts on his record and what’s needed for real reform here.  https://t.co/OPVowThU5F
RT @FBIAgentsAssoc: As we have said,  Attacks on our character and demeaning comments about the FBI will not deter Agents from continuing t…
17 years ago, in the face of unfathomable loss, we put down our differences and united in consoling the grief-stricken, honoring noble heroes, and strengthening our resolve. Our country’s worst day brought out our best. We are one America.
Repeatedly trying to pervert DOJ into a weapon to go after his adversaries, and now shamelessly complaining that DOJ should protect his political allies to maintain his majority in the midterms, is nothing short of an all out assault on the rule of law. https://t.co/DDtOQbWtp3
From across the political spectrum, there has been an outpouring of respect, gratitude and admiration for the late Sen. McCain. Even in death, he continues to serve our country by unifying us in the definition of true statesmanship.
Today our president called on his (recused) AG to shut down the investigation of his own campaign. As shocking as that is, what’s even more dangerous is that we’ve gotten used to it. The rule of law won’t evaporate overnight, but it can slip away—if we let it.
While the absurd threat to impeach Rod Rosenstein will undoubtedly fail, using the Department of Justice as a prop for political theater does lasting damage to this vital democratic institution. The men and women of DOJ and the people of our country deserve better.
Our President today not only chose a tyrant over his own Intel community, he chose Russia’s interests over the country he is sworn to protect. All Americans should raise their voices. Let the world know what we stand for.
A friend writes with humbling courage of the unfathomable death of her college son to impulsive suicide. He was an extraordinary young man in every way, and then he was gone. We have so much more to learn about suicide. https://t.co/P4bOtPD3Cr
@davidaxelrod Thank you, David, for your unselfish commitment to eliminate the stigma of mental illness — a wonderful tribute to your father.
Today, while we celebrate fatherhood, our country is systematically ripping children from the arms of their parents. What will we allow our nation to become?
I reflect on my dad’s tragic suicide in the hope that others will seek help. Depression is a treatable disease.  https://t.co/l9EcPljy1s
Today we honor those who gave their lives to protect each of us and the ideals on which our country was founded. Their selfless sacrifice deserves not only our gratitude, but also our commitment to continuously strive to live up to those ideals.
The continued strength of #OurDemocracy is not guaranteed. Join us today at 1 pm EDT @GeorgetownLaw, where a convening of leading voices from across the political spectrum will examine the essential role of democratic institutions and norms. Watch here:	https://t.co/ZjKGRn39Hf
2/2 And you can’t fire a prosecutor because you’re unhappy he approved a search warrant that relates to your own conduct. No one is above the law.
Make no mistake about what’s at stake here: firing Rosenstein would be the same unconscionable assault on the rule of law as firing Mueller. He controls scope of the Mueller investigation and what becomes public. Both D’s and R’s should reject sham excuses to fire Rosenstein.1/2
For 27 years, I was privileged to work with the thousands of career DOJ lawyers and FBI agents who work hard every day to keep our country safe, our rights protected, and the rule of law intact. They deserve better than this. https://t.co/PORoGaCm5n
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has.” -Margaret Mead. Parkland students, you are leading the way. And we are with you. #MarchForOurLives
Women all across America are finding their voices. This is more than just a moment. So stand up. Speak out. Be heard. #InternationalWomensDay
Incomprehensible pain and loss at a high school, yet again, and it’s children who are the leading voices for action. Meanwhile, our president uses the tragedy to attack the investigation of a foreign adversary’s interference in our democracy. Shameful. https://t.co/ULo0gXUWhL
Despite relentless attacks on our democratic institutions and norms, our resilience has kept our country strong. But we will remain so only if we strive to live up to the American values that make us who we are. We’re better than this.
The arc of the moral universe bends toward justice, but it doesn’t get there on its own. “In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.” Martin Luther King, Jr.
POTUS on 12/28: “I have the absolute right to do what I want with the Justice Department.” Today he slanders career DOJ professionals as “deep state,” calls for prison for a political opponent, and tries to sic DOJ on a potential witness against him. Beyond abnormal; dangerous. https://t.co/eW4MCIEOGB
This on Christmas Eve? Secret Service, be on the look out for three ghosts visiting Mar-a-Lago tonight. https://t.co/NidcQw1dCr
We have reached an inflection point where our core values and democratic institutions are at stake. My thoughts.  https://t.co/WaCI2PYg8v
The FBI is in “tatters”?  No.  The only thing in tatters is the President’s respect for the rule of law. The dedicated men and women of the FBI deserve better.
Today is a good day to re-read President Bush’s speech at the Islamic Center of Washington DC six days after 9/11.  https://t.co/bm3Q24m09b
POTUS embraces Putin yet again telling world he believes former KGB agent’s denial of attack on our election over our own Intel public servants, calling them “political hacks.”  Disturbing and shamelessly unpatriotic, on Veterans Day no less.
DOJ not a tool for POTUS to use to go after his enemies and protect his friends. Respect rule of law and DOJ professionals. This must stop.
Honored to give Hart Lecture at Georgetown Law on criminal justice reform—essential for public safety and fairness of our justice system.
We can’t let POTUS’s complete indifference to truth become ours. Constant barrage may be exhausting, but normalizing it is too dangerous.
With his pardon pen, POTUS reveals his own contempt for our Constitution, our courts, and our founding principles of equality and justice.
The poison spewed by Nazis, white supremacists, and the KKK is not who we are as a country. Takes less than 140 characters to say it.
My thoughts on the importance of DOJ's independence. https://t.co/uRT3HToOAl
POTUS attack on Russia recusal reveals yet again his violation of the essential independence of DOJ, a bedrock principle of our democracy.
POTUS' inexplicable refusal to confirm Russian election interference insults career intel pros &amp; hinders our ability to prevent in future.
My first tweet as a private citizen. Read my op-ed responding to AG Sessions on the need for criminal justice reform https://t.co/143F3hagva