I needed that
@orchidslantern  		I wanted to hit  you with a thumbs up	👍	The other week I asked you about back story.  I had a for of inspiration the past few days and finally got started on the world bible I've been putting off for the past 3 years.	It was a brief moment we had but thx
RT @bbwos: if you’re an artist	work on your art	like a doctor works	on your 2 year old child	at 4 in the morning	when your child is dying.
@JDaIey I have internet crazies and seemingly random real life strangers I get acquainted with	Real friends tho, 0, that's because I held myself back for them. I stopped doing	They come around or they wont.	The world's got enough ppl fireplace the old ones so it's might be worst
@Marayerba @tokushirous That actually stung a bit	You hit a little close to home there	But I wouldn't expect less
@tiakolbert I'm learning that, very slowly	I was actually just writing about that a little while ago		You and me officially hit a year on Thursday by the way	🎉🎉🎉🎉
peasy, livin greasy		In hindsight I think I could have used different, better, words,but I believe I was under the effect of that mercury retrograde. Those always fuck up my mind that controls my words
citizen		and do not tell American soldiers that they get what they deserve because of karma	Ppl do not like that.  But that doesn't mean it's not true.  I just have to do it in a more tasteful manner that humans can have an easier time fitting into their simple minds.  Easy
I need to familiarize my self with Twitter rules and regulations, like yesterday	Banned for 12 hours was nightmarish		But let that be lesson to not agree with the alleged torture of an American citizen 	do not promote nuclear war as a means to justify the death of said American https://t.co/bJQrWyvbvy
@Marayerba @tokushirous You knew exactly who I was, let's not be coy		I see your still up to your filthy Taurus mischief,just like I thought you'd be		One day you dogs will have your comeuppance, I only hope to live long enough to see the bull culled once and for all
@Marayerba @tokushirous But it's attention like this that gives me and my high horse a boner, not likes	Thank you for the boner
@Marayerba @tokushirous Im thinking your still upset with me because of the dirty Taurus comment I made	Which I still stand by
@dawsonfmuniv That sounds illegal
@FergusFSU @frmikeschmitz so in the Christian faith one is not a child of God until they are baptised.	But if God created heaven and earth aren't all things in the universe inherently children of god by default?
@buckrog123 @naretevduorp I'm real
@JudyElliott1 @naretevduorp Most ppl ignore me
@thomaskaine5 who do you think gave you the idea to make this tweet?	You thought about him for a reason 	Everything happens for a reason
You are your own problem, not someone else	We put blame on others when we don't want to put blame on ourselves
@graphicMedium @MoorishBrooklyn Is that before or after holding ourselves accountable for being selfish enough to hold on to a grudge for so long?
@BradTakei @GeorgeTakei Like totally
@PhilosopherK1ng For instance?
@taylorburrowes Was this an attempt to get more traffic to your instagram?
@joncoopertweets I think once he's out of office he, like you and this tweet will be forgotten
@KibBitzLaw Pics or it didn't happen
Twitter is a narcissists haven	Every single one of us looking for validation from internet strangers because the ppl we know in the real world have no respect for us, I wonder why
@sirensaysnope control over ones life, well their digital life at least, as no one seems to actually have control of their real lives, as much as they like to believe they do, which probably explains why they spend so much time on twitter.  I know the feeling
@sirensaysnope looking for random strangers to tell you that you aren't fat, ugly, stupid or worthless.  Do you feel any of those words accurately describe you?	I'm curious because I see many ppl like you who like to talk about the ppl they block.  maybe it's because it gives a false sense of
@sirensaysnope or those who say things that bother you, that they will get blocked if they don't agree with you or say something that bothers you.  But I could be wrong.  	I know you can tweet what ever you want, but your looking for some kind of validation, every tweeter is.  Maybe your just
@sirensaysnope to tweet this, you wanted to, as it holds no significance to anyone but you	I've always been curious why ppl feel the need to boast about things like this.  There is clearly a response your looking for.  I would have to presume this is a warning to ppl who don't agree with you
@sirensaysnope Did you believe they were wrong or did you block them because you didn't like that they were vocal about their opinions or a little bit both?	why not just go about your day and not have to make a spectacle about it?  I say make a spectacle because I know you know you didn't need
believe we are about to see the herd begin to start culling itself.  I hope so,the world needs a little, by little I mean big, shake up		I'm afraid and I don't know what to do
what scares me most about humans.  How far are they willing to go to prove that they aren't as afraid as they really are?		I believe they are willing to send themselves to oblivion  just to prove a point that they know is wrong, just so they don't have to admit it out loud.  I
Pay a mortgage?  are you offended by ppl who do not?  Do you love looking at your bank account?  do you hate looking at your bank account?		humans are for the most part are quite predictable and will go to scary lengths just to prove that they are not afraid of change.  That's
because that would involve relinquishing control of their lives.  but here's the funny part, they never had control of their lives to begin with.  Have a job?  Have a spouse/partner?  Children?  do you believe that you need paper money to survive?  Do you pay bills?  Pay taxes?
that think like me because I don't like how ever other human thinks. They don't realize it, but they all think the same way.  They just use different words to say the exact same things.  They all say, "I'm afraid and I don't know what to do"		but they can't use those exact words
afraid of what other humans will think of them.  You can tell this by how often they repeat the falling words, "I don't care what ppl think", or some variant there of. 		I care what ppl think.  Because I'm trying to find other ppl that think like me.  I'm trying to find other ppl
tired of humans?	Me too		The interesting thing I find with human beings is that they dont have an easy time admitting they are afraid of don't know what to do.  They mask those feelings with other words, like hate.  They are afraid to admit to being afraid because they are
@thomaskaine5 @ACLU if I remember correctly the method in which she went about releasing the info was illegal, similar to Bradley manning	and wasn't the info she released classified which is what led to her arrest?	I forget the exact details but I know there's more to this you are leaving out
@WTheLegs But I could wrong
@WTheLegs why do you think your worth fighting for?	If you feel you need to convince someone of anything, that should indicate that they don't believe what you believe because if they did they wouldn't need convincing	I don't think your naive, but I think you think to highly of yourself
@L1LDebbie R u asking becuz u want 2 no wut others think of themselves or becus u want them 2 tell u that u Rn't ugly, or is it a rhetorical question	Which ugly, inside or out	Wut is considered 4ever	2 the end of time or the end of ur existence or just a undetermined future date
@frmikeschmitz Why does that resonate?	Ignatius seems to be saying that titles are 2ndary, which I would argue that they are all together meaningless, but your tweet seems to be glorifying the titles you bestow on your self	do u believe you were not a "son of god" before being called christian?
@AudreyKitching believe what they believe so they have control over you and control of your thoughts	I believe ppl are very sick	But I also believe I could be wrong
@AudreyKitching are afraid	I'm afraid of how far ppl are willing to go to prove that they are not afraid	I'm afraid to admit to ppl that I am afraid because when you show vulnerability ppl try to make you believe that you are not well and have nothing to fear from them	I believe ppl want you to
@AudreyKitching I don't believe in hate	I believe we say we hate when we are afraid	I believe we use the word hate so we don't have to say we are afraid	I believe we do that so others won't judge us because we are afraid of what ppl will think of us	I'm afraid of ppl who are afraid to admit they
I feel like a nuclear holocaust would be more of a mercy culling
@onefunnyguy Are you saying all the non white republicans are racist? Or just the ones that vote to imprison the blacks?	Your not being specific	and since I have your attention, so you have thoughts on white on white racism
@ReginaA1981 @thomaskaine5 some really blatant white on white racism.  it's interesting to see ppl of a race hate their own race so much
@ReginaA1981 @thomaskaine5 Thats what I thought	We are talking black vs black, Latino vs latino, Asian vs asian, white vs white, right? 	Cause I see a lot of same race racism and it confuses me, especially the anti-white whites.  You would think the whites would love each other on both sides but there are
@thomaskaine5 Does that include non white republicans?
Politics on t.v. Isn't really real
because everything happens, I'm just still trying to figure out what it is.
already there, but if that was the case I think we both know you wouldnt be doing exactly what your doing, or would you?  and how how long have you been doing that same thing, over and over?  One day I'll figure all you little monkeys out, well, more so than I already do,
you may not be right for me and it may be wrong for someone else.  or maybe everything in your life is going exactly the way it needs to for you to progress at exactly the speed you need to to get to exactly where you need to exactly when you need to get there.  Unless your
last year, and perceiving the stagnation I do in the lives of the Ppl around me I can't help but wonder if perhaps most ppl are doing it wrong or if their the ones doing it right and I'm the one that fucked up, but at the same time I don't believe in right or wrong.  Right for
that sometime, what's the reason your doing exactly what your doing right now?  did everything in your life over the past year, years, decades, happen the way they did just so you could be doing what ever your doing?  Maybe.  But seeing the transformation of my own life over the
like hot and cold.  You can't have one with out the other, and all of the degrees in betwixt.  the reason there is the being of the thing called hot infringers to be a thing called cold.  Just like there's a reason for there to be and up and down or loud and quiet.		so think on
was having a conversation with someone recently about the nature of chaos.  But even chaos has reason, because without chaos there would be no order, so to that extent is chaos even that chaotic if the reason for chaos is to usher in a semblance of order, and vice versa?  It's
happen just the way we envisioned, or close to it.  I just decided to try to figure out why every One experiences these things and no one seems to give them the recognition they deserve, and how to pay better attention to them
last 12 months and say, quite reasonably, that there was nothing crazy about those things I witnessed.  We all are them.  We all have "crazy" shit happen every day that we call coincidence or chance or we have that conversation, "funny you say that..." , or a person or event
trying to talk to me"😆 .  Turns out that when you ask the universe questions, it will give you the answers.  Sometimes in subtle ways, and others it is like a hammer to the side of the face		Looking back I can laugh at all of the crazy experiences that occurred for me over the
i didnt think like this.  I was thinking about weddings, divorce, planes crashing, and whether or not I flipped my lid.  It's actually the year anniversary of when I first started to "lose it".  I remember the words coming out to my partner at the time, "I think the universe is
ignored?  Could be.  But it seems a little anti-climatic to assume that the entire timeline of the cosmos, from its very origins, how ever you want to perceive that, to right this moment, all happened so that I could write this right now.  Don't you think?  		But a year ago today
life led to this moment.  and even further, every decision of every person I've ever encountered, and the decisions of those who came before me, has led to the same thing.  		But what would be the reason behind all of that?  Just so I could write a fb post that may or may not get
events that started about a year ago today I would not be in the exact spot I am right second to be thinking the thoughts that I am that are inspiring me to write this out right now.	We can even take that even further by saying that every "good" or "bad" decision in my entire
I like to think a lot.  why things happen the way they do.  why the things that happened to make something happen happened.	If everything happens for a reason, then what's the reason everything happens for reason.  Cause and effect.		for instance, if not for a non stop series of
@detective26AD I like long titles, I think Its a great way to make a mark on the reader, and stand out more then shorter titles	One of my favorite books, by Phillip k dick, has the longest title I can think of, "Dr Bloodmoney, Or How We Got On After The Bomb"
Mental disorders are not really mental disorders
ppl all the time, like I am, it is difficult to get the crazy off of you.  They act of getting sane is actually really simple, maintaining it though is the really hard part.  and if you are sane please let me know, I really need to find one other sane person before I go bonkers
Someone who thinks like me.  Just like you think your sane.  Unless you don't think your sane, and if that's the case I  can help because I learned how to stop being crazy, even though I may appear that way from time to time.  but in my defense, when you are surrounded by crazy
else, but since I'm the only person  capable of admitting I had a problem behaving like I should have it further leads me to conclude that your all coo coo birds.  	That's not a bad thing per se, but I really hope to find a sane person eventually.  what's do I mean by sane?
perception is the reality of those who are perceiving it then why would I believe otherwise if I'm perceiving things the way that I do?  There would be no other reason for me to believe im wrong unless i was still not right in the head, but if I was I would still be like everyone
also have to assume that the Ppl I interact with think the same way that I did.  Not the exact same way, but similar enough that I notice.  and if they act in a similar way then what I did, isn't it safe to assume they feel the same way that I did about myself and my life? If
exterior and interior influences that caused me to behave the way that I did, or rather, not behave in the manner that I should have.		and if that's the case I think it's safe to assume that if I perceive aspects of my old behavior patterns in everyone I interact with then I
know that everything happens for a reason.  But that's my opinion, again based on my experience. I can prove that opinion though because I know that every cause has an effect and every effect has a cause.  And what would be causing ppl to be behaving like me?  The same or similar
I was hiding from my problems by not admitting that I had them.  But that's just me based on my personal experience in my life.  Is it a coincidence that most everyone I interact with behave exactly like I did?  I suppose  it could be but I don't believe in coincidences because i
why hold on?  Because I was afraid of change and instead of admitting that it was going to happen whether I liked it or not, I distracted myself		With what?  Lots of sfuff.  Tv, work, video games, booze, drugs, books, anything that made me not think anything involving real ppl.
I look at it like this, I used to be like everyone of the Ppl I know that I think are crazy, but looking back when I was like them now I can say that I had some serious fucking issues.  I hated my life, I hated my family, I hated everything I fought so hard to hold on to.  Then
consider a crazy person.   		But think of it like this, I'm only seen crazy to ppl of a certain perspective.  Ironically though, from my perspective I think most other, if not all other, ppl are crazy.  crazy to you may not be crazy to me and crazy to me may not be crazy to you.
Did know you can beat any mental disorder with out taking a single drug and you don't even need to kill yourself.  and I can prove it	Unfortunately though you have to let your self go nuts to get un-nuts.  Sounds crazy right?  Especially coming from someone that some would
@thomaskaine5 I don't know if this is a joke or not	Why would it seem like a made up idea?  That would be like saying that there are no husbands that obey their wives 	Unless this is a jokey post of course, then in that case lol
@PsychologyDoc This is more of an opinion then an absolute	I was recently told that it's not possible for a spiritual person to smoke cigarettes	Statements like this should really be prefaced by "in my opinion..." or "I believe that..."	But that's just my opinion based on my personal experience
@sobersamurai @KristenInVA @coleyworld He's a cute dog
They are highly delusional, to say the least		anything involving money is not an option and all of the Ppl in their life are unwilling to help them
Universe, and that they speak back in the form of signs and inanimate objects.  They also hear voices in their head of the Ppl they know/knew, including the dead.  This person also believes they can see inside of other ppls minds and can control ppl with his/her behavior.
If a stranger came up to you and said everything they had done for the past year was wrong and that they were ready to admit that they were crazy and needed serious psychological help, how would you advise them?		How crazy are they?		They believe they can speak to god and the
@AppleFourU I didn't think you were, but I also didn't think saying "i think lies and half truths are the same thing" was a sufficient answer without a brief explanation of why I thought that way
@raseguin @coleyworld Why
@iwannabejessica Good answer but I think I worded the question wrong
RT @bbwos: we’re just using different words	to say the same thing.
@rubirosajunior some with abortion jokes
@coleyworld or not
@coleyworld but that's because the dog was sick and was suffering terribly.  I didn't cut the dogs throat and I didn't record myself doing it and if I did I wouldnt post it online.  It also didn't make me happy that I had to do it, but everything happens for a reason whether we understand it
@coleyworld don't have to say we are afraid	 so is it that you fear that your dog's throat could be cut or are you afraid to watch it because you might like it or just afraid to watch something die or maybe afraid of the person willing to kill something like that?		I had to kill a dog once,
@coleyworld Maybe the dog deserved it	Karma isn't just for ppl	Maybe in a past life that dog was a person who abused dogs	But that was very smart to set boundaries like you did		Heres just my quickly philosophy on hate.  We hate what we are afraid of and only say we hate something so we
@AppleFourU only truth I know is what I have personally experienced, in other words, I may not believe what you believe but I believe that you believe it.  	does that make sense?
@AppleFourU In the hermetic philosophy every truth is a half lie and every lie is a half truth	Whats true for you may not be true for me and it may be a lie to someone else	Truth is just as subjective as good and evil.  I like to say that I will believe anything that I can't disprove but the
@girlband777 mean forgive myself for not doing what I should have.  and when I forgave myself I forgave her for not doing what I wanted.  I even told her, we fucked up so the next ppl we are with will get to benefit from the fuck ups we had together
@girlband777 I spent the last 10 months working on my internal healing and finding the deeper lesson to learn from it all	Everything happens for a reason	If her and I were supposed to fix things we would have.   Only thing I could do at the time was heal forgive and move on.	and by forgive, I
@girlband777 Granted	There was a lot more we both needed to do	But being open a long time ago would have saved a lot of heart ache
@girlband777 could give the other one a bigger subtle fuck you.  But the ultimate lesson I learned from that experience was how to not make that same mistake again or hopefully explain it to someone else so they don't make the same mistake we did	I hope that all makes sense
@girlband777 grudge and didn't listen because I thought, why should I do what your not doing back.	One of our last conversations she said, "Sometimes you have to show the other person you want them".	My response, "your absolutely right, but it's a 2 way street".	We acted like children, who
@girlband777 always right or wrong, just that she acknowledged that I was doing the best I could.  I think if either of us did that things would have been very different	But at the same time she didn't tell me the way she wanted me to appreciate her.  Well maybe she did, but I was holding a
@girlband777 never felt appreciated	I knew she did, but like me she didn't know how to show it, but that's because I never opened up and told her how I wanted to be appreciated.  	How did I want to be appreciated?  I just wanted her to tell me she was impressed. I didn't need to know I was
@girlband777 any of this is resonating, realize he's doing his best, he just doesn't know how to say it the right way.	and I don't know your life and won't act like I do, but after a year of trying to learn the lesson from my past, I believe that one of my big problems with my wife was that I
@girlband777 there were so many misunderstandings piled on top of each other that when I was finally able to speak from my heart it was too late. 	But, you would be surprised how being vulnerable can also be misunderstood.  	It's almost like your damned if you do damned if you dont.	But if
@girlband777 a lot of it also has to do with an inability to be vulnerable. Thats what ultimately killed my marriage.  But it was hard.  I never learned how to be open with my emotions so when I finally needed to I couldn't or it came out the wrong way.  It came out like an attack.	In the end
@AudreyKitching I know there are benefits but I'm personally losing interest.  It's just another cycle.  New moon = release old blocks and get inspired.  Full moon = release old blocks and get inspired
@girlband777 Shutting down emotionally I mean
@girlband777 Shutting down and not communicating	But I'm speaking from personal experience
I love Twitter so much	It is the online equivalent to hell 	A true celebration of ignorance	and so many more colorful creatures then the real hell
How to you expect to over come negative energy if you run away from it all the time?	embrace it	Piss someone off	Let them piss you off	unless you don't know how to transmute properly, then avoid it.
what happens for a reason? Everything https://t.co/M2oomBITVL via @YouTube
Everything	even this rt https://t.co/6jKrHHSDFp
RT @EsotericExposal: The only people who are mad at you for speaking the truth are those living a lie.
@norfshore_ Here's a link to the book pdf	It'll save 15$ instead of buying it	I've spent a lot of time studying hermetic so if young age any questions or if something seems complex hit me up anytime	https://t.co/oW47iLjrWF
@norfshore_ This video is a sort of primer as each principle is a bit complex but still easy to understand	https://t.co/DvbP22jQuk
@AppleFourU don't thank me, your the one saying smart stuff	Thank you
@norfshore_ Egypt as taught by Hermes trismegistus
@norfshore_ video breaking down the hermetic principles of Hermetic philosphy. 	Hermeticism is the foundation of most esoteric and esoteric  traditions 	Give me a few minutes I'm throw some links up for the book and video of your interested.	Hermeticism itself allegedly dated back to ancient
@norfshore_ ever makes more sense.	and solid understanding of Hermetic philosophy, as taught in the ancient mystery schools can further break this concept down further	There's a few books I can recommend the kyballion by the three initiates is a great resource.  also mark passio has a great
@norfshore_ may consider petting a puppy is something that's good.  But over time I may realize that petting puppies is bad because the puppies I let have only been using their cuteness to manipulate me to let them.	It's a silly example but "petting" and "puppies" can be interpreted to what
@norfshore_ absolutely	It also involves the individual to be able to alter those perceptions by understanding the reasoning behind the decisions they made and deciding for oneself if those decisions are worth repeating or need to be altered based on the desired outcome	For instance, today I
it is does not align with what they consider to be good, but good just a perspective
to someone else may be evil to you 	All truths are half lies and all lies are half truths.  The more you align yourself with good the closure you come to evil	But a truly "good" person recognizes evil as that which they are fully capable of doing but CHOOSE not to do it because
I believe that to be above good and evil one must first recognize that they are the same thing.  To recognize that good, in the eyes of the evil doer, is evil, while the evil doer sees himself as good, and vice versa	what's good for you may be evil to someone else and what's good
@dyingbreedxoxo @thomaskaine5 Do as thou wilt
@dyingbreedxoxo @thomaskaine5 I am getting from your comment is that your saying that if a big enough group thinks it's so then you believe it to be truth.  I Would believe that, as it seems to be a commonality with most ppl regardless of political affiliation or sex
@dyingbreedxoxo @thomaskaine5 Are you saying that if more then one person says something that you are more likely to believe it as truth?	I will believe anything in told if I can't disprove it or if there is compelling evidence to back it up, but the only truth I know is what I have experienced	The impression
RT @AudreyKitching: You don’t have to agree with someone’s actions or behavior to forgive them. You forgive them because you no longer want…
@dyingbreedxoxo @thomaskaine5 of listening to other ppl as to who you vote for, but that's just my opinion.  I never walked in your shoes.
@dyingbreedxoxo @thomaskaine5 anecdotal.  But you aren't going to convince me that my anecdotal evidence is less factual then someone else's anecdotal evidence just because you call my anecdotal evidence anecdotal and someone else's anecdotal evidence confirmation	I get the sense though that you have a habit
@dyingbreedxoxo @thomaskaine5 eagerness to argue 1 teeny part of what I said prevented you from comprehending that, as i believe that if you did so, your response would be a touch more intelligible, or you wouldnt have said anything at all.  I personally think you just wanted to show that you know the word
@dyingbreedxoxo @thomaskaine5 But their confirming it with their own personal anecdotal evidence	is anecdotal evidence only valid if it is in line with what you personally want to believe?	I think you also glanced over where I said I haven't talked to everyone so I could be wrong?	It would appear your over
RT @AppleFourU: Misinterpretation is the biggest plague of society
@drexelxrake @DCnumerology The empress
@thomaskaine5 Might not be white, I was just presuming
@thomaskaine5 that capitulate to what ever their wife says, I'm sure some ladies can confirm that.  But I'm just speaking on the experience of interacting with married and unmarried ppl, but I could be wrong.  I also don't like speaking for ppl I have never met, which is a lot		I realize you
@thomaskaine5 probably say it's more likely that husbands vote the way their wives do, if the wife votes at all.  I'm not to familiar with many, if any, men that have that much control of their wives thought processes in that regard.  Most white men i be interacted with are cowardly creatures
@thomaskaine5 too much into it though 		But what if the ppl saying white women vote how their husband tells them are not telling the truth, how would they know? Unless they vote how their husband tells them.  Are women who voted Republican saying this, women who voted dem, or men?		I would
@thomaskaine5 habits of white women and how to change how they vote or why they vote the way they do.  almost seems as though you have an obsession with manipulating, changing, the minds of specifically white women to think how YOU, a white (?)man, wants them to think.  I'm sure I'm reading
@thomaskaine5 Just because ppl say it doesn't make it true	There is a lot of ppl who say that Jesus Christ was the son of an invisible God and that this guy Jesus made dead ppl come back to life, doesn't mean it happened 		I have though noticed this is the 3rd tweet of yours about the voting
RT @PyramidRealm: If you can’t openly go back and forth with someone about their beliefs without getting triggered than you aren’t comforta…
RT @orchidslantern: Sometimes I scribble down mental conversations between me and my MC, interrupted by riffs and streams of consciousness.…
@rubirosajunior I have a different method, but I can see how this would work
@AndeeCurt Not wanted but needed	Or so I believe
@thomaskaine5 100% of voters voted becuz they think their vote means sumthing	But 100% of voters that voted believe the system their voting for is 4 their benefit 	100% of voters that voted &amp; will continue 2 vote will vote for anyone the tv/radio/internet/voice in their head tells them too
@DavidEmerson33 Beautiful video, the song actually gave me that goosebump tingle feeling. very much appreciated.		here is one in return	This song helps me being stuck emotions up to the surface from time to time		https://t.co/Jz0G2B155l
@rakantixa @Crypto_Jay18 What kind of town are you going?	Sounds like the town needs more protection from you, unless your walking into a war zone
@DrJoshMadden We judge others for the faint we see in ourselves	But, without sin there would be no grace to balance it out.  I would say that not only does sin not make you stupid, but would make you holier then the closet sinner for being able to overcome it.  But that's just my opinion
@CryptoShillNye @AppleFourU I believe hate stems from fear	I also believe that we say we hate something so we don't have to admit that we are afraid it because we are afraid of being judged	and since hate is nothing but another name for fear I don't believe that there is such thing as hate
Why are you allowing yourself to be miserable
You are not your job	You are not your family	You are not you past	You are not your dollars	You are not you
The monsters in your head are waiting for you to shut your eyes	They wouldn't be as scary if you could see them
The fool doesn't always land on his feet	Rarely in fact	But how else do you plan on reaching rock bottom if you aren't willing to toss yourself off a cliff
@End_TheFederalR illusion we are living under is supposed to continue?	Nothing can be what it is forever before change has to  happen, even if we don't want it to
@End_TheFederalR I'm pro nwo	I'm for wiping out a large portion of the population to make the rest of the sleeping masses more easily controllable	I'm anti democracy	I believe that the life span of what we consider the US, and all other world governments to be dwindling	How long do ppl think the
RT @MindTendencies3: Sometimes when you are full of negativity, your mind may entice you to focus on the mistakes of others. So your mind c…
@Party_TypeChic Wise man once say, you can't save the world till you clean your room first
@DavidEmerson33 getting there in the first place	It takes time, and it involves getting scared	Good luck	This is all based on my experience, but I have nothing to show for it, except my resolve to keep going	Hope this was worth reading
@DavidEmerson33 don't have a back up plan	Here's something I do, it's not for everyone, but it works for me	Allow yourself to experience the failure, in your head	what's your worst case scenario	My philosophy is this	If you know where you don't want to end up, you can figure out how to avoid
@DavidEmerson33 Your always going to doubt yourself, even when you learn to stop doubting yourself you doubt yourself, to a lessst degree	embrace the doubt	Think of it like this, everything happens for a reason	What's the reason your doubting yourself?	Your afraid	Of What	Failing	why	Perhaps you
@PsychologyDoc Depends	do I still think about them?	Are they still as aesthetically pleasing?	do they have something to offer, not necessarily monetarily?	Can they think for themselves?	Are they drink texting?
@rubirosajunior I don't think I've ever met a high iq person	and if I did, they didn't inspire me enough to notice
RT @retrievethysoul: Think of your pain as a warning, an eviction notice to get the fuck out of this crumbling, infested slum, with its shi…
@FrGoyo I believe it was Allen watts quoting someone who I can't recall	 "There is no grace without sin, so let us sin so there will be Grace a plenty"
@orchidslantern John Baines - stellar man	I just stumbled on this the other day.  Off is the perfect companion piece For the kyballion	I think this would be right up your alley		https://t.co/vUlKOp2bqd
@KamalaHarris What are you plans for doing this?
RT @MrAstrotheology: On Hitler's Worldview and the War Against International Marxism		If you don't like this video due to you own brain was…
@BusyElves @eTweeetz When was it not?
@Master_piece92 @KameronBennett a different way of looking at your response		We hate what we fear so we call it hate so ppl don't know that we're afraid	I don't believe in hate as it's just based on the foundation of Fear	But that's just my opinion
@KameronBennett Evil is subjective as you can't have one with out the other, or any of the shades of gray in betwixt		Whats evil to me might be good to you		The good guy is considered evil to the evil doer who sees himself as good 		But to answer your question	what's the root of all evil?  Good
The more of them there are, the less of you there is	The more of you there is, the less of them there are
@AppleFourU I would say your a step above the average human
RT @AudreyKitching: A straight forward way to know if you are tapped into the mind control programming is to ask yourself where you get you…
RT @ToddHerzman: Hey, #WritingCommunity.		I've been taking a break from twitter, but I wanted to pop in and let you know I've got a story u…
I don't believe there are real full time nihilists out there, it's exhausting, in my opinion, but, I do believe you have to think like one in order to grow	How can you ever care for anything if you haven't at least cared for nothing first
@robreiner I would go so far as to say that to be a politician is to be an enemy of the ppl, same goes for political propagandists
@AudreyKitching Mine has always been 1138 and/or 138, ever since I was a kid	The past year, more then ever it has been a important time, both am and pm, for messages/downloads/revelations/synchronicities
@MrTommyCampbell @coleyworld who's preparing it?	Use there a choice?		If I am preparing, then I'll opt for a calzone as it's the same ingredients as the pizza		If not, fried chicken, preferably from Popeyes or kfc
@mommamia1217 @Unconquerable The more you accept that you dont know, the more you will know
@UmarFof What do you believe is holding you back from being happy?  unless you already are happy and just wanted to state that that's all you wanted, but if that's the case you wouldn't have wanted to tweet that because you would already have What you wanted
@UmarFof The universe doesn't give us what we want when we want it, it gives us what we need right when we need it to learn the lessons we need to learn about ourselves so that we can appreciate what we want when/if we finally get it
You say you dont like feeling bad, but when have you ever felt good?		Do you even know?		some ppl think good is being bad, but those same ppl only act bad because their afraid to be good		But good for you could be bad for me
You are a husk	an emotionless shell in an somnambulistic state		You feel what your told because you never tried feeling before on your own, because when you do try you feel fear, and you are afraid of fear for good reason		Fear attracts the fearful
Your trapped	Theres no escape and there's no hope	Everything you ever loved will die right in front of your eyes, while giving you the finger and telling you that it's all your fault	First it will make you mad because it's a lie	Then it will make you sad because it's true
RT @Rude_Astrology: I'd like to thank Pisces season for the overwhelming feelings coming out of nowhere. Here's to emotional breakdowns for…
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/Njueq8fRzr
@RepJoeKennedy It actually is quite normal	Corruption and politics go hand in hand	It feels as if you are playing simple for simple ppl	Why?	Is your life in danger of you don't act like your also incompetent?	Or are you that simple?
@mattgaetz @eTweeetz and last I checked the civilian population can be caged and/or assassinated by the state for not being a good citizen	What makes politicians any better?  Because you wear a suit and say stupid things to stupid ppl to keep them busy fighting each other?
@mattgaetz @eTweeetz I have to disagree	what other incentives do politicians have to be good politicians if their lives aren't on the line?	when the law makers are above the law what other consequence is there, not getting re-elected?  Not sure if anyone else noticed but that doesn't seem to work
@thomaskaine5 Perhaps the only person you have to blame is you for allowing yourself to pay taxes	and maybe you should learn better then to trust the word of politicians from any party	They all have a tendency to lie for your vote, but that also would mean you trust the voting system
@GazelleMonetArt everything happens for a reason	sometimes the reason isn't clear until after the fact, but it's a beautiful thing once you figure it out though
@SCHM7DT I believe the first question should be "How can I do this"		do first, fine tune later		Asides from just doing it, how can you simplify something that you havent over complicated first?		But that's just my opinion
RT @MindTendencies3: The darkness of others will make you shine brighter when you use their negativity to improve yourself.
RT @xirtempest: You can practice religion, tarot, astrology, crystal/energetic healing to heal and teach yourself and others. However, if y…
RT @GazelleMonetArt: If you’re a small owned online business, youtuber etc, go ahead &amp; share your brand &amp; website, &amp; what you offer below t…
@GazelleMonetArt I like to say things	sometimes ppl like to listen		https://t.co/XiKFdsMKvr
@BSkylstad Just because you don't see them doesn't mean they aren't there
How can you find yourself if you work a job that tells you who you aren't?	You don't need money to survive if you realize that paper money is a societal construct	Currency is the flow, and transfer, of energy, not just paper
wrong, right?  Or are you different from everyone else and are never wrong?	I used to be right all the time, until I realized I wasn't.  Well I always knew I wasn't but it took me a long time to admit it to myself.  It's a very liberating feeling, at least, it was for me.
ever going to be the "right" ppl they will figure out on their own when they want to be.  Or they wont.  	so you need to ask yourself this, how long is it worth waiting for someone who might not be the right person, because maybe your wrong about them.  I mean, you could be
that you are talking to exactly who you needed to talk to so that you could better understand who you don't want to talk to.	and who don't you want to talk to?  Ppl who don't appear to listen.  Make sense?	so say what you know you need to say and move on.  If the "wrong" ppl are
With all of that in mind, maybe it's not that no one is listening, maybe your not giving the right ppl the right amount of time to respond.  and if they don't respond, perhaps you were in fact telling the wrong ppl, but if everything happens for a reason it's safe to presume
to do because they didn't plan on that.  	so maybe they only appear to not be listening because they haven't had the time to process what you said and by the time they do, they lose the courage to say what they think you want to hear instead of telling you what you need to hear.
to say?  Maybe they wanted you to say the opposite of what you did.  Why would they want that?  Because that's what they planned for.  Why?  Because ppl think they can see the future and when you give them the opposite of what they want, aka "what they need", they don't know what
wouldn't they know how to respond?  Because they never heard someone say those things or maybe because they never expected someone to say exactly what you said.  	Or maybe they were just hoping you would have said what they wanted.  and if that's the case, what did they want you
experiences are not the same as yours were.	so it's safe to presume that no one else thinks like you.	so why do ppl not listen to you?  Maybe they don't know how to respond because they never expected anyone, you included, to say what you said and don't know how to respond.  why
for a reason then it's safe to presume that they needed to hear what you said.  But why?  Why would they need to hear what you said?	Because no one else is saying what you are.  But why is no one else saying what you are?  Because they never walked in your shoes so their
If no one is listening to you, maybe your talking to the wrong ppl, or maybe your saying the wrong words.  	So, what would be wrong with what your saying? That's a big question.  What is it that you said that's not getting the response you were expecting?  If everything happens
RT @SayItValencia: When it's time to choose a different route from the ones you love,		you must keep going on your path.		You must go where…
This	👇👇👇👇👇👇💜 https://t.co/frk1jVsx62
@MonnorCoore @BiolaInquisitor @FatherSciarappa Thank you
@FatherSciarappa I didn't get the joke, but I think you only said said it was a joke becuz of the "you all disgust me" thing		But I bet it felt really good to get that out tho
@CrisMtzgr @MiseryHighlight "Nice" comes from the Latin word nescius which means ignorant
@CARRIE4TRUTH @tiakolbert Wear does it say adults only?	do u really find a shirtless Paul Newman a sure sign of pedos?  Is the standard not a family friendly hotel?	Y do u think its la's version comet ping pong? Becuz ping pong?	I have a ping pong table too	Whos opinion are you trying to sway here?
@BiolaInquisitor @FatherSciarappa Ok I think i understand	so for instance some like st dominique, st francis, st Aquinas or st Magnus, they were not considered saints during their earthly life.  They were canonized after death?	I just want to make sure I understand
@JoeBarri It's not that bad when you realize that Every lie is a half truth and every truth is a half lie	Truth to you may not be truth to me but it's a lie to someone else	What can you do
RT @shaktirevival: You sit in your discontentment and wonder when your dreams will be realized and your prayers will be answered while negl…
RT @AudreyKitching: It’s always good to remember when you carry a lot of light that you reflect back to people the things within themselves…
RT @Maryamhasnaa: Never allow people who gave up on their dreams to ever convince you to stop believing in yours.
But that's just my opinion	As above so below as within so without
Want to know more about a person?  Pay attention to what they have to say about others.  There's a reason	Imagine more a moment that they are talking about you.  How does that teach you more about them?	Their talking about them selves too	hearing and seeing in analogy helps
RT @Maryamhasnaa: I rarely have a plan for what I’m doing. I’m just following my intuition and trusting that the universe is guiding me.
@Clara_Resists @DonnaNoble10th You don't think both sides have disinformation agents?	Thangs typically the name of the game with political propaganda of any sort	Defame the opposing party, I believe that tactic is as probably just as old as any and all political systems	Unless you believe its one sided
@Clara_Resists @DonnaNoble10th Is that what all political spectrums do?	I remember a time when trump supporters were compared to nazis and non trump supporters being compared communists
@QueenBbecT Avoiding the word cunt is always my go to tactic to making female friends.  Typically lol
@AndeeCurt @An_Irish_Brit opinion, and I may have started a bit from the point of the original tweet
@AndeeCurt @An_Irish_Brit those around me, and ultimately everyone else.  and despite what I consider the popular belief, everyone thinks/lives the same.		The faces, places and names my change from person to person but I'm terms of the law of anaology, we all experience the same stuff, but that's just my
@AndeeCurt @An_Irish_Brit unknown.  I know because that's what I was afraid of, but my experiments are more designed to see if it's possible to break through those deeper fears that hold us back from taking that leap of faith to move forward	But that's me, I put myself through abuse to better understand
@AndeeCurt @An_Irish_Brit belief that if you can figure 1 person out, you can figure them all out.  	so why not look to myself first?  I did and I realized that ppl are like I was, they are afraid, I'm just trying to figure out what that fear is	Well that's not true, they are afraid of change, fear of the
@AndeeCurt @An_Irish_Brit 👍	when you put it this way that tweet makes much more sense	But I look at it like this because I do it, I do different things hoping for different results because I'm curious to see if there is a way to get the results I want	I think of it like doing social experiments		It's my
RT @MindTendencies3: You see clear signs from the universe when you take care of your innerverse.
This is very sound advice https://t.co/tcVJjzpgnm
RT @AudreyKitching: Tomorrow’s full moon is bringing in massive crown chakra and third eye openings. If you are feeling spacey and cloudy h…
@taylorburrowes I come from the school of thought that opposites are compliments.  I consider opposites simply the 2 extremes of the same polarity	Hot/cold, sharp/dull, +/-, love/fear, male/female	You can't appreciate one without the other, same with humans	But that's my opinion
@FatherSciarappa I dont know the specific qualifications to be a saint, unless I'm correct in thinking it requires 3 miracles that are recognized by the church	do u believe that a non Christian could find themselves fitting the criteria of sainthood?	Might seem like a off question	but  its genuin
@MindTendencies2 I have found in my experience that the problems we have with others are the problems we have with ourselves
@FatherSciarappa begin with	But being that your saying something, it makes me think more that you want to talk about it but are afraid of being judged for what you want to say 	But that's just the sense I get from your tweet, I could be wrong.  I am from time to time
@FatherSciarappa Its only as weird as you make it	But if you have to say that it's weird to talk about, it makes me think you don't want to talk about it either because your embarrassed or hiding something, or that it's no one business, but if you thought that you wouldn't have said anything to
RT @AudreyKitching: Those who can’t see you for who you really are, can’t even see themselves. Don’t take it personal.
@taylorburrowes The word nice comes from the Latin word nescius which means ignorant
@thomaskaine5 Not everyone thinks the same	If they did then there would be no point in thinking
RT @PhilosopherK1ng: Don't be ashamed for being superior in regards to something. I feel like this isn't talked about enough. If you're bet…
This https://t.co/3ROSqV88fe
@KafkaJoint Your past made you who you are.  I used to not like my past either but I taught myself how to love it because of I didn't experience 've it exactly how I did I wouldn't have learned the lessons for my tomorrow
RT @MindTendencies2: The tale of two wolves has various levels		Level 1 - the one you feed		Level 2 - the balance between two wolves		Level…
RT @orchidslantern: Tarot is a great ally. It opens up new perspectives on any problem.
RT @orchidslantern: I'm featured on Mike Chapman's Saturday Interviews this week! Mike asks lots of interesting, in-depth questions so it w…
@pajaromes @BrainPornNinja would you believe I was thinking the same thing but I wasnt going to post it lol
@Alyssa_Milano @realDonaldTrump It also sets a precedent to declare martial law	What then?
@QweenVictoria87 @RunOldMan perceived chaos between the beginning and the end would happen just the way it needs to in order to end the way it needs too.	and I'll even go so far as to ask, if chaos is structured enough to begin and end, is it really chaos?
@QweenVictoria87 @RunOldMan do you not believe everything happens for a reason?	every cause has an effect and every effect has a cause	perceived chaos is triggered by a catalyst of one sort or another	 is it really chaos then?  and if perceived chaos ends, wouldn't it end for a  reason?	and even the
@vikithewriter I would agree with them.  don't pursue it as a career but as an extension of your awareness of the infinite	a career implies a job, to me
@Divine_Gypsy Do you have a suggested method of letting go?  I know its different for everyone but you might have a technique that could be helpful
@RiderofWolves Why?	What changed	Everything happens for a reason
"The beginning is the end and it keeps coming around again" - the loop closes	How to destroy angels
@_Lyddz @MrsZweben I believe his parents helped him write that
@Birdhumms @gitson_shiggles Just another form of control
@MommysOnValium @AndeeCurt We hate what we fear, so if hate stems from fear, there is no haste only fear and no point to hate.  I don't believe hate exists, but I know fear does.  hate is a cover so we don't appear fearful.	Why are you afraid of ppl?
RT @vyqvy: ~ reality is a reflection ~	~ always ~
RT @MindTendencies2: After an incident, your thoughts replay the scene over and over again.		If you experience some negative emotions from…
@RubinReport I do not believe you are telling the truth and are just trying to prove a point that's pointless
@SayItValencia Solve et coagula
RT @AudreyKitching: Dreams are very vivid and intense again. We are healing a lot of soul trauma and past lives during our sleep states . T…
I found my essay but it's about 19k words	If disinterest I posted it on Facebook for now.  It's just a first draft but I like to know if the things I say make sense, so if you read it, I would appreciate the feedback		https://t.co/EbzgmuWfi9
@trent_reznor &amp; 2 u as well	ur work helped me more times in my life then I can count	But evrything happens for a reason 	Glad 2 be a part of the journey because its the journey that forges us.  	 "Sometimes I still believe who I pretend to be"	You've been more of a guide then you may ever know
I just deleted a few thou words essay that was the child of a few hours worth of brain diving	My heart is broken, but alas, all is not for naught.	I am least inspired to do a better one. 	But I can still say FFFFFUUUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKKKK	and be ok	everything happens for a reason
@mark3labs @ChrisRBarron @Jburgh4 stated.  That's it.  Just like everyone else. 	Those ppl can sacrifice children to the elder gods on the weekends for all I know.  Their ppl like everyone else and ppl are capable of dark shit, a lot darker then what I said.	You catch my drift?
@mark3labs @ChrisRBarron @Jburgh4 I'll get blocked before the next one, or not	and what's your definition of empathy?  Mine is the ability to relate to another's feelings.  Thats the feeling I get and I related it as best I could.  i don't define empathy as not telling the truth.  and my truth is I feel the way I
@mark3labs @ChrisRBarron @Jburgh4 enough to make an investigation so instead I share my insight because though I may be wrong, there's also just as good a chance that I'm right,may be not everything but at least in some 	But again doesn't matter to me, if ppl didn't want my opinion I wouldn't see the tweet or
@mark3labs @ChrisRBarron @Jburgh4 I was being empathic, I'm actually quite sensitive but I'm not going to sugar coat shit.  Especially when the shit stinks to hell.	Just call it like I see it	Not my problem if I'm right or not, I could be wrong, but I'll need something to really prove otherwise and I don't care
@tiakolbert @nationalpost @BSkylstad Say what?	Thats crazy	But it makes sense.  Tax the he'll out of ppl and when the black market gets to troublesome, ban it.  Not Say I g their going to ban it, but I wouldn't be surprised if it's suggested in the near future
@Timburgh 139	1319 (1-9=8)=138	I'm cherry picking but everything happens for a reason
@Timburgh Oh shit, I didn't even notice that	Good fucking catch
@Party_TypeChic Just listened to new edition 	Definitely not Anne lol	But it's funny how one song answers the other ones question
@yonewt @4SLars Why
@Reuters @BSkylstad I don't need to read an article to come to the conclusion that they do this because it saves them money 	and the more they save, the more profits they have	The more profits they have the better the company does	They better the company does the more jobs it can create for lazy ppl
@MaverickBistro @AndeeCurt I've wondered that myself	They also do NOT like to be questioned or have to explain in detail why they believe themselves to be correct	If you don't agree and tell them their smart it's considered an attack
@AndeeCurt Ppl have been trained to be consumed with sex, and money for more sex
@nationalpost @BSkylstad Canada has a Black market for tobacco?
@fightgeek If you can handle the whole potential of having to live in the woods to get away from the rest of the monkeys, run with it	Only one holding you back is you
@nationalpost @BSkylstad Perhaps ppl should reconsider consuming themselves with being amused and distracted	I was going to say that perhaps they should be put in a zoo, then realized they already are
@rustyrockets why is, in my opinion most important.  	Find the reason and release the emotion.  Everything happens for a reason and everything has a purpose, it's just a matter of figuring it out
@rustyrockets that?  What can I do to behave better for me.  Do I forgive myself for as to g like that in the past?  Yes.  Good, then there's no reason for a grudge because who am I to judge someone for something I have done as well	when feeling sad, no matter what the circumstance, asking
@rustyrockets cause of all our own pain.  when I find myself holding a grudge I remind myself that the reason I'm holding a grudge in the first place is because there is something about that person that I don't like about myself.  why don't I like that aspect of myself?  why do I act like
@rustyrockets us?  What can I do better next time for them, if there is a them again in the future, or for someone else so as to not make the same mistake again.	Also important to learn to let go of grudges we may hold as most of our pain we attribute to someone else, although we are the
@rustyrockets the literal reason.  	I explore the notion of what it is I need to learn from the experience to grow emotionally and evolve consciously.	For instance, let's say I'm sad for a lost love 	we have to ask, why was that love lost	What did they do? what did we do? what didn't either of
@rustyrockets Yes, everyone does	when I feel sad I think about what it is that is making me sad, then I explore it to see what was the source of the sadness	Being that everything happens for a reason I try to figure out what the reason for the sadness is.  when I say  reason I don't mean just
@tigerquinn7 @SnowBiAuthor Both groups have an agenda	Both groups think that their group is more right then the other	what's the deal difference		I think ppl are just bullying this guy cuz his eyes are weird
@tigerquinn7 @SnowBiAuthor why shouldn't he compare them	They are basically the same thing	both groups have ppl in them that have a set of specific beliefs	Their both have acronyms	Each group promotes a specific lifestyle	They both have parades	They both have closet followers	They both want attention
@KassandraSeven What im getting is that if ppl don't behave the way you deem fit on their time you will hit them with what you consider negative consequences	Isnt that what everyone does tho?	Or was the point of this post just to point out that ur just like everyone else, dwelling on negativity?
@ChrisRBarron @Jburgh4 powering sense of false out rage	I would of had them arrested just for the sake that they think I they know what's best for everyone because they had an experience they didn't like, disgusting
@ChrisRBarron @Jburgh4 talking	Thats what you call a political stunt to spark outrage in the brainwashed/brain dead public that believes what the ppl in tv and the internet tell them.  Frauds, just like the frauds they follow	Exploiting the dead to make the ppl in Twitter filled with  that over
@ChrisRBarron @Jburgh4 what can you say, every one wants to be a victim	Why do they consider themselves angel families?  They aren't any more special them anyone else	why dwell on the past rather then learn and grow from it for the future	and lets not Bullshit ourselves, these ppl knew she wasnt
@Party_TypeChic You are making a Anne peebles reference right?	I was just listening her earlier today
@Party_TypeChic I can't stand the rain against my window
@rubirosajunior Ppl don't like it to be reminded that they are wasting their lives
@Party_TypeChic @GhxstNvmbr9 @IamTellis I wasn't aware I tagged you	don't know how to untag
@GhxstNvmbr9 I like to say that perception is the reality of those who are perceiving it	8 bill ppl with 8 bill perceptions = 8 billion realities	No 2 are exactly the same
@GhxstNvmbr9 @IamTellis @Party_TypeChic Think of it like this, every truth is a half lie and every lie is a half truth	What's true for you may not be true for me and its a lie for someone else
@Giraffetamer12 @taylorburrowes If they have to ask
@IamTellis @Party_TypeChic Maybe he cleans the surgery rooms
@sheann828 @CallSignSiren I don't believe they really exist
@HouseCracka I'm pretty sure its 400
@mycancermylife My suggestion	Pull out the plugs, and go live	I have a feeling that you'll live longer doing what you want then lying there dying, unless dying is more satisfactory
@DrMilesDC @eTweeetz I think ppl have too much freedom in general.   Freedom like life, is something that is earned	I would love to see a mass culling of the entire world population	Too many ppl afraid to stand up to the few in charge Maybe snuffing out some of the scaredy cats will wake up the rest
@leftarmisme You can always kill the bullies of it bothers that much, but I wouldn't suggest doing that	Or accept there's nothing you can do and leave it up to your daughter to face her fears.  Bullies bully because their afraid.  find their fears and use them to your advantage.
@AdamParkhomenko @joncoopertweets More like suggested reading, that is if you want to beat a dead horse at this point	Everything dies,we rarely get to choose how
@Barbaradye921 First I would find out if your daughter is lying and ask the teacher	Easy peasy	Perhaps something was missed in translation or maybe she's just trying to get a ride out of you
If I'm reflecting your best and your reflecting my worst, when do we meet in the middle
up to you.  		I give a million chances cause I got nothing left to lose.  I've been burnt and stabbed and slashed and left to rot.  and now those monsters that lived inside my head are D E A D, dead
me and the things I do.  		I don't need you to like me, I know you do.  Unlike the other I can do everything I claim to do, and that's see inside of you.		I didn't say I like what I see but I don't have to because you say it for me.  You have my attention, what you do with it is
because I dont do anything that isnt for impressing me, but if I have to say it, then I'm probably lying.  Maybe I am trying to impress.  fuck it, I am.  But I'm only doing it because I know I'm impressive.  		Ego?		Yes, and no.  No and yes. Everything happens for a reason.  even
I say the things that come to my mind because I'm supposed to say what I say how I say to whom I have to say it because everything happens for a reason	what's the reason.  what ever you told your self the reason was, I promise You that's what it is.  		I don't need to impress
RT @THIRDEYESUNRAP: 🚬Smokin - I feel none☹️	And cocaine or rum 	Making me too dumb😨🔫	Fear and loathing😱👻	In Las Vegas🎠	Hoping for the Sun 🌞…
@PeterMgand You already are
@AppleFourU @MindTendencies2 I can relate
@truethcker @Numerologynow every lie is a half truth.  I may not believe what you believe but I believe that you believe it.  I'll believe anything you tell me that I can't disprove but i only know what I've experienced and what I experience is my truth.
@truethcker @Numerologynow I agree, but I prefer to speak plainly	Merging the masculine and feminine minds to create someone new, the true holy trinity	Too speak what you think what you feel	Truth	Your truth, which may not be my truth, and it is a lie to someone else, but true every truth is a half lie and
@Numerologynow I agree	But I disagree that they shouldn't be questioned 	Everything should be questioned,especially what we think we know
@MorbidParamour Awesome work
@End_TheFederalR Perhaps none, maybe it's a level of spirituality you are familiar with, maybe
@dougbies Why
@Diddy Be real	Dont be a phony
@ladygaga Why not get into a different industry.  Art isn't what someone else tells you.  As for struggle, we only struggle as much as we allow, but the greater the struggle the greater the reward
RT @AntLiveOfficial: The World is gonna doubt you.. Why tf would you doubt yourself?
@Numerologynow interpreted as anything unfamiliar to us or anything extraterrestrial for the more literal types, but what's extraterrestrial other then anything thats origins are not earth?  I'm sure there are other interpretations
@Numerologynow Depends on how you personally interpret the bible	The Gnostic interpretation is much more logical then the cannon interpretations of the church, but we can that Augustine for banning its teachings.  	As for alien, what do you consider alien?  Little green men?	alien can be
This is hard for a lot of ppl to admit	No one wants to think thay they are not happy with where they let their life go	It's ok though, your not the only one	I wasn't happy, I made a change	It's just a matter of asking yourself, how long until enough is enough,	👇smart stuff https://t.co/vS5iZE7wYM
@AppleFourU @MindTendencies2 Thinking different from most
@Numerologynow I agree that most ppl don't understand knowledge		 "The more you know, the more you know you don't know" - Aristotle
@MindTendencies2 ourselves that is also shitty
@MindTendencies2 everything happens for a reason so if someone makes us feel shitty there is something shitty about ourselves that that person is bringing to the surface for us to see and releasethe	yes, someone who makes you feel shitty may be shitty, but we need to ask what it is about
@AppleFourU @MindTendencies2 You've been doing this for a while?
@GodfreyHarrison @CatholicPat I do, but I wasn't talking about Jesus specifically
@laurabusse @MindTendencies2 That's the beauty of the journey	no two ever look the same
@AndeeCurt with you practice you can eventually come up with a pretty accurate psyche profile based on a few sentences
RT @Carlosjesuslara: @toksikshok I am still grateful for those people, afterall they contributed to my mindset today and I love that. But b…
@Carlosjesuslara Said perfectly
@Soulcsmcblue You are absolutley correct but I'm talking g about more then one at a time,as I believe that one can learn to be it
@tiakolbert @MindTendencies2 get there.  How do you know how you want to get there?  By allowing yourself to think about what you don't want.  My philosophy is this, how can you know exactly what you want, if you don't know what you don't?  But like I said, that's my philosophy, it's not for everyone
@tiakolbert @MindTendencies2 see if you were paying attention  e enough to ask, or it was just a coincidence, but I don't believe in coincidence because everything happens for a reason. 	does that make sense though.  We all have a destiny, but how we get there is up to us, as long as we now how we want to
@tiakolbert @MindTendencies2 reason, well a few reasons, but one in particular was so that someone paying attention would ask the question you asked so I could eirher say that I rushed my original response and forgot that point or that the universe wanted me to forget for the specific reason of testing to
@tiakolbert @MindTendencies2 for a reason.  Think of it like the endgame of existence, but only the end until the next new begining.  a constant looping customizable cycle of existence that is unique to the individual experiencing it.	so by that logic, from my perspective, it would appear I forgot that for a
@tiakolbert @MindTendencies2 I'm glad you asked, just as glad that I forgot that point	Thats where free will comes into play.  Think of your intention as your free will while the divine timing of the universe playing the role of destiny.  But what is destiny?  It's one of the reasons that everything happens
If it wasnt quarter to 6am I would give this the proper attention it needs.	RT'ing so I hopefully don't forget she I wake up https://t.co/oaGuuDBppe
@align_manifest @taylorburrowes I believe those are called "games" lol
@laurabusse @MindTendencies2 someone's, our own.
@laurabusse @MindTendencies2 Are you still married?	I believe there is no accepting of a life situation.  I came to the same revelation with my wife back I may, but I would not accept her behavior as an acceptable exercising of love.	I agree that we don't need anyones love, but I do believe we need
@MindSovereignty reason behind the reason why everything happens for a reason.
@MindSovereignty Everything happens for a reason	If would suggest a deeper understanding of the hermetic principles of you are already familiar.  Everyone's journey is unique, but a solid foundation in hermeticism makes understanding the why's much easier. Think of the hermetic principles as the
@MindSovereignty Memory is frequency, frequency is vibration, vibration is energy, energy doesn't die, but it does come in waves of intensity and balance.  	You have exactly what you need exactly when you need it.  If you don't remember something at a particular moment it's for a reason
For instance alot of ppl with the Christ title.  Th at would be something.  I wonder if they would all know it if only some did.  I wonder if they would be friends.
I come from a more gnostic approach of the concept of christ.  The title not the man.	But what if the man with the title had Twitter?	But if Christ had Twitter so would the antichrist, as i believe one man's Christ is another antichrist, but there's always a 3rd option somewhere
@Carlosjesuslara but that's my personal philosophy
@Carlosjesuslara the first place and they will never mean nothing because you don't want them to mean nothing.  but I don't believe in the concept of nothing, at least from a stand point that something can't come from nothing as nothing is the antithesis of existence and so nothing can't exist.
@Carlosjesuslara there,letting go I mean, and recently, my son and my wife and entire old life.	I always remind myself though that everything happens for a reason, even the Ppl we meet and interact with, as well as the feelings we feel for each other.	figure out the reason you were together in
@Carlosjesuslara that's a powerful and uplifting feeling to achieve.  But I do not believe it is possible for something to not exist if it has in the past. Energy never dies, it may weaken  but it never goes away for ever, or at least I can't prove is doesnt, but I could be wring	But I've been
@MindTendencies2 But ppl get addicted to the idea of someone loving them as a form of control over them.  Not many ppl are strong enough or willing to admit their addiction to that control.  I was one of those ppl for a long time.  It is a difficult trail to face
@Voronushka262 @CatholicPat @am_parra all things in the material realm are temporary, but that doesn't mean the spiritual contract is as easily broken, if it can be at all.  I have a few theories regarding that I am trying to prove
@CatholicPat to perform that ceremony.  But that's my opinion based on my understanding of the bible.  I don't practice Christianity as a religion but I very much like talking about it
@CatholicPat From what I have studied I interpreted marriage in the bible as a union of the masculine and feminine aspects of consciousness, in conjunction with the concept of Christ consciousness.  and I'm that respect I would consider it to the vocation in that is the vocation of scripture
@chuucoIato @MindTendencies2 But that's my opinion based on my own experiences with my own awakening.  Not everyone agrees with me
@chuucoIato @MindTendencies2 It means that you must accept that your timing is always going to be perfect.  Every failure is just as divinely timed as your successes to teach you to just know it will work better then how you can imagine, as long as you let it.  Too not get caught up in concepts like rushing
@Goddess_ov_Soul @MindTendencies2 Think of it as trying to rush something you need to achieve for conscious growth.  For instance forgiving someone, but you forgive the wrong one.	I consider that a shortcut because you can't forgive any one until you forgive your self first, and until you can do that, stagnation
@MindTendencies2 very interesting to observe, think about and interact with.  It's like having a backstage pass to the zoo
@MindTendencies2 accurate to say everything happens for multiple reasons, even the divine.  I think most ppl have a hard time taking all that in at times.  It's a very big concept to grasp when you try to wrap your mind around it and be consciously aware of it all the time.  But it makes life
@MindTendencies2 when you need it to teach you the lesson you need to learn to learn to better appreciate what you want when you finally get it, like all the other lessons we face.  I look at it almost like the reason everything happens for a reason, well one of them.  I suppose it's more
@MindTendencies2 Everything happens for a reasons, even stagnation.  There was a reason the hypothetical shortcut had to happen the way it did.  It was to teach a lesson in patience, but why?  To teach the individual that you don't get what you want when you want it, you get what you need exactly
@TheBourbonBomb_ @patnspankme Well I know everything happens for a reasons, so if you could prove me other wise that would definitely fuck me up
@Mrgoldenrod @patnspankme Do you talk like that because you don't have anyone of higher intellect to talk to or is ass slap talk a gimmick?
@Jd4_me @RiderofWolves with would you think its sad	I'm at my most happy talking to ppl and asking questions.  	We all have a path, food is a great one to be on
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden that everything happens for a reason.  	and the reason behind the reason is because I can't go back to being a worker bee.  HE wants me on the scholars path for a reason so hi.  Nice to meet you
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden need followers, I give it away to anyone who wants to trade.  Trade what?  anything, even knowledge.  If everything happens for a reason, the reason I even responded to original tweet was for someone to inspire someone to respond to me so I could share my philosophy that proves
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden believe anything that I can't personally disprove, but I only know what I have experienced and I've been keeping a detailed journal of most of my experiences to not only back up my claims but to show ppl how I did what I did to get to where I am.  But unlike the church I don't
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden won't ever tell you that I disagree without a good reason	Every truth is a half lie and every lie is a half truth.  My truth may not be your truth but it could a lie to someone else.  I may not believe what you believe but I believe that you believe it.  I like to say that I will
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden evolution of human consciousness.  It's a bold claim but no one can  tell me I'm wrong without proving to me why they are right.  Because I am my proof and don't back down from what I know But I am not afraid to be wrong, it's the only way to learn to be right.  But understand I
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden ideas that are all heavily influenced by everything I've researched thus far, including aspects of Christianity.  	My life has granted me the time and resources needed to devote all waking and sleeping hours to my work of proving that the new testament holds the key to the
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden thoughout my life until recently.  Around this time last year I felt a call to understand things that I normally would not, the esoteric, I never even heard the word  before then.  I was just a regular guy.  I still am technically but I live my life by my own philosophies and
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden hood.  I believe I can contribute a lot to the Christian faith, in an unconventional way, but that's because I was never one to conform, but not conforming doesn't not mean that I have nothing to learn.  I only made my communion as a child and wasn't involved in any religion
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden best friends was a priest who got me acquainted with st Thomas aquinas and Albertus magnus.  I was very incredibly impressed with their open mindedness to accept as much as they did, especially Magnus's practice of alchemy	for a time I fought the idea of taking the path to priest
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden for what I've been working on.  	I would really like to get some help finding some friends.  I am stuck in a very peculiar life situation.  I don't want anyone's money or resources, I just need ppl to talk to.  I would love to speak to someone on my level again.  One of my last
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden with learning to forgive. forgiving yourself for everything you ever did and haven't yet done.  to understand that everything happens for a reason.  what reason?  to figure out the reason. to wake up to who you are.  Each of us.  But I feel like my words are all the proof I need
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden most ppl, because it involves forgiving yourself.  But if you know how to "see",  you can also translate it into other ideas, ways of thinking and and ways of living.  It's the holy grail, the cheat code to creating what ever life HE is inspiring you to have.  and it all starts
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden Christianity and judaism to prove the existence of the concept of Christ consciousness, and that the new testament is the instruction manual to unlocking it, if you know how to see it, but it's a very easy thing to teach to an open mind because it involves unfamiliar concepts to
@jcbf19 @DrJoshMadden I personally don't care to use labels for myself but I've done some independent research on quite a few of the esoteric traditions.  I've spent a lot of time studying quite a few different ways of thinking, such as alchemy, kaballah, hermeticism, Astrotheology in correlation with
@tameishagorman Why would he think your foreign
Try not to look at it as discourage, maybe, they only come off that way because they are actually trying to encourage you to keep going	Think of it like reverse psychology https://t.co/79q64UHFHG
@SCHM7DT @ThePuristDope The word nice comes from The Latin word nescius which means ignorant
@pewdiepie Ask and ye shall receive because everything happens for a reason		https://t.co/vwuGnmLkso
@DrJoshMadden follow in his stead, and its not to bow to a man nailed to a cross
@DrJoshMadden church wants us to conform. who in the church decided they interpret Christ better then christ?		and who's Christ the teacher?  All of us, if we know how to see and hear the clues that will lead us down the path.	Everything happens for a reason, there's a reason he wants us to
@DrJoshMadden spiritually find his way down the right path, unless that doesnt contradict the faith, but I'm not familiar with too many churches teaching that Christ was a teacher not a god.  and maybe that's the problem, because Christ the teacher wasnt teaching anyone to conform but the
@DrJoshMadden Why can't it just be that if a interpretation makes sense, it's true	Everyone is going to interpret it different, why must we all conform?	For instance I don't interpret Christ healing the cripple to mean he literally made a broken man walk.  I believe he taught a man who is lost
@taylorburrowes made sense
@taylorburrowes thing happens for a reason, I think say that a lot too,but it's for a reason, including the things I think and say.  and as I've been trying to remind myself, there's always a reason for the reason, which I think relates back to what you are saying in less words lol	I think that
@taylorburrowes to make up for the Ppl I "hurt".  But being hurt is subjective.  today we consider telling the truth as hurtful.  		I went completely off point but I'm gonna respond anyway for posterity reasons, I hate not having a record of  my mind for future reference because I believe every
@taylorburrowes interpret that how you want, I spent most of my time being asshole, a bad partner, a bad friend , and bad parent.  After breaking those cycles and patterns, learning the lessons I needed to learn, I find my path to be that of a friend or an ear to the ppl who are lost like I was
@taylorburrowes aspect of ourselves	My philosophy is this, we are here to fail, learn from our mistakes, and grow.  wash rinse repeat, until we reach what ever goal we are striving		for fun,  and this may stray from the point of relationships but it's relative, let's say that in a past life,
@taylorburrowes to a certain way of thinking, but I look at it a little bit like how we imagine the concept of karma.  There is a lesson that we are failing to learn and integrate into ourselves.  and until we learn the lesson we get trapped in that loop.  	But you can apply that logic to any
@taylorburrowes I have found that any and all repeating later a in our lives typically stem from an unresolved emotional block that keeps us from not doing the thing we need to be doing to get out of that loop, dating/relationships included	I find It hard to explain to most ppl who are not open
@justsomegirl81 The word nice comes from the Latin word nescius,which means ignorant	Never be nice
It's not often I hear this, but when I do I feel it https://t.co/JmOaBhG0RJ
@YessicaArevalo8 @FrGoyo and u as well	forgiveness always starts within, even when we don't think we were wrong	when we can forgive ourselves we no longer need to hold resentment against others	But that can be difficult if u let it be	Just remember these 4 words &amp; u can achieve anything, I COULD BE WRONG
@FrGoyo I interpret this to mean that you are asking forgiveness from and forgiving yourself	Because I agree with you 100%
@YessicaArevalo8 @FrGoyo It's not about them forgiving you	It's about asking yourself for forgiveness from yourself	If everything happens for a reason, there's a reason for what you did, not just the conscious one	The reason behind the reason, if you will	what did you need to learn to become better
@akadennews @Bloomingdales Do you not think some news is fake?	are you doing that false outrage thing ppl do when they know they are the thing they are outraged about?
@RiderofWolves I believe some do love that, but I also believe it stems from Mommy/daddy not living them enough or too much
@Walkawayplan @ImprintedENERGY You have a better one
@ImprintedENERGY @SCHM7DT They are everywhere
@waves_o_bliss and it's starts internally and works it's way out,	many ppl get too focused on the macrocosm and and ignore the micro
@ImprintedENERGY @Bbmt1477T like I know you enjoy mine, but I think we enjoy each other for different reasons
@ImprintedENERGY @Bbmt1477T classes but I didn't ask to take any.  I don't need them because I know what I need to know right now.  If I needed your classes I would have taken them, perhaps it's not me that needs to go to school. 	But your more then free to block me.  Like I said I enjoy your thoughts, just
@ImprintedENERGY @Bbmt1477T not exactly sure why.  I'm just trying to figure you out because I known that there's a diamond in there somewhere.  It's just taking a very long time to find it.	But I'm assuming you aren't actually disagreeing with the gentleman I commented to.	I know I'm banned from your
@ImprintedENERGY @Bbmt1477T I enjoy seeing your thoughts	and to be perfectly honest I feel that your trolling me	You just think I'm a troll because I don't agree with you because you haven't actually shown that you are who you claim to be, at least not to me	Your comrades speak nothing but praise, but I'm
RT @LivPsy: "Being unable to get someone off your mind indicates that you are also on that person's mind."
@Walkawayplan @ImprintedENERGY Why not use them and find out instead of asking the potential competition.  What would make them legit?  That they do the exact same thing that Gary does?	How do you Gary is legit, asides from him telling you?	Maybe, Gary &amp; sophianic r both legit &amp; it just comes down 2 preference
@Bbmt1477T @ImprintedENERGY That's like saying "if it's not coca cola brand soda, it's not soda"	Not so much plain and simple as much as plain lazy
@ImprintedENERGY Looks like you and me are on the same mission		and what are you going to do to them?	anything or just collect names?
@ImprintedENERGY Are you implying that this is a good or bad thing?	Pagan myths, as well as modern religions, are all based on astrology and numerology, is why I ask.
RT @orchidslantern: M is for Monday. 	M is for Mind in the Gap. 	"M is for many," says M. "M is for magick. Miracle, membrane, matrix, mayh…
@rubirosajunior I hate following the crowd more then following the rules.  But ultimately it comes down to whether the risk is worth the reward.	Looking at the picture isn't worth it
@orchidslantern Thangs what I was hoping you were going to say	Thank you kindly
@orchidslantern anyone would get it at first, but then again, if they are supposed to then they will.  I also feel like that's the way I should approach this.  Build it and they will come right? They being readers.
@orchidslantern gives me room to write a backstory bible prequel type of thing.  	Does that make sense? 	could be an amateur question but i am lol	But I'm 7 books deep now so I'm kind of married to it, happily married though	It's like aleister crowley meets NIN	I feel like I shouldn't assume
@orchidslantern the protagonists life and moves forward.  I feel like in the beginning it's hard to explain the back story because it involves so much explanation that I would need another  book just to explain how he got to where he is to begin with, but now that you got me thinking, maybe that
@orchidslantern Lol	Well since your procrastinating, mind if I pick your brain for a sec?	Do you put much thought into backstory?	I know that without the backstory there is no story, but do you put much emphasis on it while writing your story	The story im working on now kind of just jumps into
@orchidslantern hit a research slump?
@ImprintedENERGY I'll take the nuclear war😆
@ImprintedENERGY abortion ok then? Or is karma not ok?		But I could be wrong	Those are just some opinions.  Could be something completely different.  I'm dont get to share the joy of nuclear outside Twitter as often as if like  like	Most ppl like complaining about other ppl complaining.
@ImprintedENERGY That last one usually gets ppl angry.  Are babies not capable of having past lives?  What if the aborted baby in question was an abortionist in its past life.  What if that abortionist killed millions and millions of babies and their karma was to come back as an aborted baby?  Is
@ImprintedENERGY America trying to expand its southern border, and eventually lead to a war that will mark the end of this stupid age, but I digress		and what's a good reasons for killing babies? culling the number of ppl.  Nuclear war.  past life karma for the particular baby being killed.
@ImprintedENERGY all over the world are getting what they deserve by having shifty governments.  They will also deserve the war that's coming to bring those governments down for good.  Unfortunately for most ppl it's more then likely going to be a big ugly nuclear war.  I'm hoping it starts with
@ImprintedENERGY your killing babies for a good reason it's acceptable or overlooked or more easily forgiven rather	Whats a bad reason for killing babies, lazy human behavior, war, black magic.  		but I thought you said your for nuclear war, hypocrite.  The laziness of civilians of all nations,
@ImprintedENERGY it's a lot easier to train a hand full of monkeys to juggle bananas then a barrel o monkeys lol		As for the abortions, just because it's easy to kill babies doesn't mean it's ok.  I also believe in karma, so if you are kill babies for a bad reason, you are in trouble.  But if
@ImprintedENERGY respond the way I see in my head.  I can see a few different ways.  I can definitely see someone trying to challenge my knowledge on the number 7 again or someone saying I'm pro abortion, but I'm also in favor of nuclear war for the betterment of humanity.  My thought is this,
@ImprintedENERGY lots of reasons for a single event, and numerology can definitively prove that, especially on a 7 day. and don't forget, there's an infinite amount of reasons for one event. For instance, there's a few reasons I'm responding.  what's one reason?  I don't think your going to
@ImprintedENERGY an effect and every effect has a cause.  Everything happens for a reason.  you believe in the spiritual realm, so I believe it's safe to assume you believe in divine reason as well, or as I like to call it, the reason that everything happens for a reason.		But like I said, theres
@ImprintedENERGY vibration and mentalism, like a human, but we wear pants and shoes so we feel we have the right to cheapen life.  		The universe doesn't follow man's law, and universal law trumps man law and that's a fact.  and the universal law of causality states very clearly, every cause has
@ImprintedENERGY look at it this way, and I think you'll agree in part, nothing is free.  Not Gary's training, not gambling, not life.  You want to live?  You earn it, like every other animal on earth.  all other beings in this universe have a soul, if your familiar with the universal laws of
@ImprintedENERGY baby was supposed to live, it would of lived	everything happens for a reason, correct?  Or are you one of those ppl that only say it when it's not about killing babies?  I just happen to be the type of person that can see quite a few reasons for a single event, it's a gift. 		But
@ImprintedENERGY What did the original tweet say.  I'm usually good at interpreting what ppl mean		But I'm assuming it was abortion based on my interpretation of what your saying.	which is funny cause you and I were just talking about killing babies earlier		Heres my stance on abortion	If the
@timheidecker Cult mentality
@ImprintedENERGY Unless the spiritual realm is planning a war with the material, but balance is the name of the game...	who can say though
@MindTendencies2 This actually triggered me lol
@FatherSciarappa You think?	I feel a conspiracy of a false religion pushing phony salvation more intriguing them aliens
@RiderofWolves Not if it isn't true	Thinking and knowing are 2 different things, at least in my opinion
@PVSarajevo @ImprintedENERGY More likely, you'll be fine
@ImprintedENERGY Why though
@MindTendencies3 Are you implying that there are ppl that don't "love" others for selfish reasons?	I hope your right because I've never met one
@AndeeCurt Not unless he really believes you need it, but 9/10 times...your correct
@higherselfspace 9
@taylorburrowes Only 2-3?  Usually takes me an hr or 2 to fall asleep.	Twitter counts as silence right?
@jjauthor why does it matter	The past is over
@tenasjy @ImprintedENERGY what do you mean by "connect a lot of dots" means
@michaeldecon @AOC But me up any time	I like fill in my time with interesting thoughts	Inn my opinion, all thoughts are interesting	Keep in touch
@tiakolbert @ImprintedENERGY @POTUS Good to know, I have a project im working on that I would love to get you involved in, if you wanna play along of course	I'll shoot you a dm with the details
@tiakolbert @ImprintedENERGY @POTUS I didn't even notice the typos 😉
@michaeldecon @AOC Thats understandable	Neither a concern or an interest, I was just curious about your thoughts 	Thanks though
@tiakolbert @ImprintedENERGY @POTUS You have a much prettier way of putting it then me
RT @WineMummy: I want to ruin you in the worst way ever.
Is it a crime I wrote down my thoughts?	Is it a crime I wrote down words I used to believe?	don't you believe ppl can change?	What if someone wanted to share that with you?	What if someone knew what you were feeling but just used different words to explain it?	would you listen?
You know that feeling you get when you know your about to do something you can't take back?	But you need to think like this, would I want 2 take it back if I had the chance?	why should I feel bad for thinking.	Why should I allow someone to tell me how I should or should not think
@ImprintedENERGY @POTUS Perfect I'm neither of those things	and it's helping each other, collaboration towards world domination, unless you believe ppl win elections like they show on tv
@LibertyBarham @FuctupMike @J4LYN @CNN @RealMattCouch @DaRealGrizzle @DanCovfefe1 @RuthieRedSox @KatTheHammer1 @StacyLStiles @USALoyalty1776 @RubyRockstar333 @Thomas1774Paine How do you know?	We're you there looking for her?
@ImprintedENERGY @POTUS Your running for potus?  Funny I'm looking for a politician friend, I have some plans of my own that i am also go in to be making public soon.  Maybe we can collaborate, but you can keep potus, my ambitions are a little bigger	I was thinking more along the lines of pope	😉
@ImprintedENERGY @POTUS I have to disagree	The fetus is more like a parasite on the host body of the mother.  when it sucks as much life out of her as it needs, it releases itself into the world		I think of it like an alien embryo laid by a facehugger		don't need numerology to see that
@RobLowe You deleted your Elizabeth Warren tweet because you are weak &amp;care wut others think think of u	When u put the feelings of others above your own then you r their slave	If it was a joke they would have laughed, if it wasn't true they would get mad	The truth only hurts when it's tru
@ImprintedENERGY Something tells me I'm doing better then either of us realize	😉
@EvolvedRat3 @ImprintedENERGY so Gary teaches how to exploit numerology to gamble?	No wonder the universe is pissed off at him lol
@Royce_Feldman @ImprintedENERGY What do you mean by "assigning numbers without knowing what they mean"?
@ImprintedENERGY u dont actually need numerology to predict anything	&amp; u dont need it 2 read someone		We fear wut we dont know, so we attack to show that we arent as afraid as we are	meanwhile all we are doing is exposing our own fears 		Your afraid of being exposed	But they already know
@ImprintedENERGY I'm going to test that theory	Because I'm dont think you have
@RiderofWolves why don't you see your self as more then a side chick?
@El___Captain @Party_TypeChic shot with what?
RT @orchidslantern: "Would you rather be blind to both angels and demons, or be forced to interact with them and all their horror?"
@MorbidParamour @orchidslantern Depends on your interpretation of interacting	In my experience angels live in our heads disguised as demons and demons live in the physical world disguised as angels
@Everythingissl1 @MindTendencies2 what your talking about now
@Everythingissl1 @MindTendencies2 I don't knowledge your talking about now, but your beginning to lose much interest	I've come to the conclusion English is not your first language, you are dyslexic, or you type too fast and don't proof what your saying because your rushing, I do that a lot too	But I don't know
@teknikoDX @AJA_Cortes makes sense
@ImprintedENERGY https://t.co/1zd5hjySmG
@ImprintedENERGY why should we believe you?	What if someone proves you wrong?	If someone does, will we be allowed to call you a fraud?	I'm going to screen shot this For posterity😆😆
@Adrian_inez_ @Rezn8_the_Great @Simpatiko @ImprintedENERGY so true
@Rezn8_the_Great @Simpatiko @ImprintedENERGY Good answer	Thank you
@retrievethysoul to other ppl	Please and thank you
@retrievethysoul person can translate it differently.  Interpret the word translate how ever you want	But being that it's all handwritten I can't send it out, but some of the character is in the handwriting itself. 	Tell me if that makes sense and how I can write that better so it will make sense
@retrievethysoul busted.  Science experiment gone wrong lol	But you mentioned writing than other day.  I need someone to help me translate them to make sense to other ppl.  Take my story and make it a better story.  a collaboration.  	But I'm gonna ask as many ppl as I can because I believe each
@retrievethysoul thoughts during the last 9 months and the other projects that I've been working on.  The books aren't about something anyone has written before, so their hard to explain, other then they will teach you how to be free.	Problem is, their all hand written and my laptop screen is
@retrievethysoul Perfect	Whats your plan?	I'm trying to figure out my book which will teach you exactly that, do you know any writers?  anyone interested in spirituality/esoterism/philosohpy/theology/occult in someway shape or form.  I have 7 written so far about 40-50k words each. Their just my
@michaeldecon @AOC about her, I can figure out what ppl don't like about her.  then I can clone a better version of her, not her physically.  Think of it like reprogramming her best professional characteristics into another person.  But we need a man too.  who's your favorite man politician?  why
@michaeldecon @AOC But I was interested in what your answers to what my other questions were.  I asked for a reason.  I wanted to know what you thought.  I don't follow politics.  If I know what you like about her then I'll know what characteristics ppl like about her.  If I know what ppl like
@michaeldecon @AOC y would u think that?	do you think i was implying that about you?	I sensed you were going to	and ppl try to tell me I can't read minds lol.	Although, I was testing to see what you were going to respond to, my actual questions or the childish comment	Unfortunately I was right
@iwannabejessica @occupied_stall I don't think most men know how to	But I don't think women like vulnerability as much as they claim,but that's based from my experience	and if they do, it has to be a tailored form of vulnerability that they specifically want, not just any vulnerability, but that they don't say
@ImprintedENERGY @Simpatiko That's something a fraud would say
@ImprintedENERGY you clarify why those 4 beliefs are wrong for those of us at home that aren't as knowledgeable as you?  Or should we just assume you aren't lying to hide the fact that you are a closet fraud?
@ImprintedENERGY To me, a clear sign a numerologist is a fraud is when they call others frauds	Is there a particular fraud your trying to call out?  Or just that any numerologist that holds those very specific 4 beliefs is a fraud in your eyes and there for since Gary believes it, it is so?		Can
@ImprintedENERGY I think your exaggerating with those times, but that's just me
RT @MajorCrypt: @ImprintedENERGY @DJThistle01 It's even easier. A "numerologists"  want money for his service = fraud.
@Rezn8_the_Great @Simpatiko @ImprintedENERGY I don't think you really believe it's criminal?	what has gg33 numerology brought to your life that non-gg33 numerology has not	Have you studied non-gg33 numerology?
@lmwortho @RiderofWolves But I also talk to a lot of fuckheads, and you are correct, they deserve it too
@lmwortho @RiderofWolves so did I until I realized the reason I was calling ppl fuckhead was because I was judging them for behaving in a fuck head that was similar to my own.  and so calling them fuckhead was easier then saying it to myself, the one who deserved it	Now Im the only fuckhead I worry about
@AJA_Cortes which God?
@iwannabejessica @occupied_stall other animals		How did you think it worked before making this conclusion?
@iwannabejessica @occupied_stall why wouldn't it be that way	Just like women want attention from men	Men and women kind of have this natural attraction to each other and each side plays a game to get the others attention	It's been going on for a very long time, but it's also like this in nature as well with the
@LittleOleQui @Party_TypeChic Why does his race matter to you?
@LittleOleQui @Party_TypeChic how to find Christ is different for everyone, but here's one way not too, passive aggressively complian about Jesus's race	What color should Jesus be?  Why?  Is the problem that he's white and not black? Or that he's not another race?  asian? What race do you think he should be?
@LittleOleQui @Party_TypeChic It's supposed to be Jesus christ	But by your tone im presuming the fact that he's white is your issue	Look at it like this, no one named Jesus existed at the time some claim Jesus lived.  There was though a man called christ, but Christ is in everyone, if they know how to find it
@miseryisgreener @RunOldMan The lessons we are supposed to be learning today are what's going to get us thru all of tomorrow's from here out, as long as we learn the lessons that is.	Those who don't will be stuck in the loop they are already in
RT @AudreyKitching: Feel your emotions, no matter how heavy or dark they may seem. The only way to free yourself is to let them flow throug…
@tiakolbert Nothing I can't handle	Just testing a theory
@michaeldecon @AOC How old is she?  How did she upset them?	What kind of issues do you care about?  I like disruptors too.  You love things that bother others?  I love bothering others, but not in a childish way, more of a "I know your a phony/liar and I'm going to expose you" kind of way.
@Everythingissl1 @MindTendencies2 You actually did the opposite of waste my time	Every thing happens for a reason	They reason I responded in the first place was to have a conversation	You did exactly what I wanted you to, so if you feel time wasted it is your own	But I do have a hard time interpreting ur writing
@Everythingissl1 @MindTendencies2 Are you sure you've done it more then most of do you just say that?  What actions have labels?  why would labels have a perspective tied to them?	If your actions lead to me calling you an asshole or a stellar human, both of those labels have my perspective of you attached to them
@Everythingissl1 @MindTendencies2 Are you saying that if you don't think you can something you don't do It?  That's a unique way of being.  I believe I can do anything I put my mind to, but we are different ppl	Like I meant to say above, same soul different monkey suit.	what does handling your shit mean?
@Everythingissl1 @MindTendencies2 You can always ask questions, most ppl choose not to
@retrievethysoul Then we're doing something similar
@retrievethysoul They being anyone not you and me?	I'm not concerned with anyone else	I'm asking specifically what you want	where you are your self
@retrievethysoul Freedom is subjective to the individual	some individuals may have similar means it but no 2 are exactly the same	My version of freedom is the world in fire
@retrievethysoul The satisfaction of knowing that if she planned on killing herself with drugs that I helped.	Her energy was tired of being alive
@miseryisgreener You speaking for all woman or just what you think all women are like?  It's a big world and there's a lot of ppl, they can't all be robots...
Just in case I'm any watch lists for the things i say		Can you come and get me know?  I might be surrounded by murders, there all crazier the me I think.  I at least have a mind that works.  I'll do what ever you want me to do, I just really need to get out free of this zoo.
@RunOldMan @AndeeCurt That's actually a good observations	I would say yes, but I could be wrong
@lIIuminatii Wouldn't the ppl that you fall into the ppl that hurt you category?	why forgive this as that hurt but forget those that leave	Maybe they left because you did a bad job of inspiring them to stay
@Maryamhasnaa a liar.  But I also recognize that all truths are half lies from a certain perspective so I can't holding against anyone because I've done the same thing
@Maryamhasnaa to all of our past and present lives.  We have been around liars for so long that it's actually embedded into our normal functioning behavior. Don't believe me?  How many ppl do you know that don't lie in someway shape or form?  My philosophy is simple, if you lie once, you are
@Maryamhasnaa trying not to be.  Why?  My theory is they love suffering.  Why?  suffering receives pitty and pitty is someone else's energy directed at your suffering.  Perhaps they feel that if they don't suffer they won't get the attention they want	But why lie?  Because we have been lied
@Maryamhasnaa basis.	When someone needs to tell me they don't like something, I take it as a sign that they actually love it but are too ashamed to admit it to them selves and those around them. they don't want to appear weak, not realizing that they are putting out exactly what they are
@Maryamhasnaa If everything happens for a reason what would be the reason someone focuses energy on something that they claim they dont like?	Could they be lying?  of course. Why assume they are lying though?  We lie to ourselves all day everyday, so of course we lie to others on a regular
@MindStimulating @Maryamhasnaa Everyone does	But that's because everything happens for a reason
@UmarFof Good for me could be bad for you	Fingers crossed for my version of good
@Party_TypeChic That's why I'm always preferred the gay club.  At least gay men knew how to make a straight man feel appreciated.  More then I can say for the straight women and their weird mind games
@_youursstruly @SummerTimeArt inside.  I am misery.  I hate every one because I hate myself		I don't say anything I don't see inside myself first.  I was and in varying degrees all of those things to one extent or another, but so is everyone else, they just don't like to say it like I do
@_youursstruly @SummerTimeArt don't want want to be, you can start step into who you are supposed to be 		Here's my revision of a more truthful affirmation that in my opinion will get better results, but I could be wrong.		I am broken.  I am not worthy.  I destroy every relationship I create.  I am dead
@_youursstruly @SummerTimeArt I look at affirmations as attempts to convince Your self that you are something that your not.  My philosophy is to figure out what you really are first, and we are not happy days of sunshine.  Once you see what you are you can see what you don't want to be, when you see who you
@Thirdeyeviewzzz @MindTendencies3 You is who ever you want you to be	Your subjective version of you is not my subjective version of you and not the same as any monkeys subjective version of you or me
@michaeldecon @AOC I dont follow politics
@michaeldecon @AOC what has she done that was amazing, in your opinion	My definition of amazing may be different from yours
@GentDominant @citygirlinky which is subjective to how each individuals wants for where and how they want to be living their own lives
@GentDominant @citygirlinky Sounds like someone who wants to control the thoughts of another individual	Are you looking for a mental slave?	I don't believe we get to possess anyone elses mind	But who am I to judge, I'm trying to brainwash the entire world so that I can live in a place I want to be living,
@girlband777 @AOC My personal opinion based off of my exp attempting to infiltrate the Catholic church is that you just need 1 person who knows the right words to say to make ppl listen. This is the tricky part though, because most ppl are liars,	But imagine a politician who tells the truth
@southerndivine I've thought this recently	Depends how much effort the other person puts out	My time and attention, like everyone elses, must be earned	But if I found a person that deserves my time as much as I deserved theirs, I would presume that they would want to work with me on social media
@RickRoss completely different from yours.	As for patience, I've yet to meet a human being that can actually understand the full concept of that word, but that's just based on my own experiences.  But who am I to say?  I fail my tests of patience more often then I can count
@RickRoss your "right" and your world isn't my world.	Great change to me is the death of the current societal structure and rebirth of a new order, one that is not as nice.  Nice coming from the Latin word nescius which means ignorant.	But again, my definition of great things are
@RickRoss I can relate, but I don't believe you fully grasp the extent of this statement	What do you consider "great things"?  I presume material wealth, but I could be wrong.	I consider a great thing as being something that changes the world in the right direction, but my "right" isn't
@girlband777 @AOC How many options do you have?
@AudreyKitching I say that because I see the fear in ppl around me, and I see their fears of me as well.  Perhaps their my own fears that I want to believe other fear of me, but I believe that everything happens for a reason	And I believe if they fear an aspect of my truth, there's a good reason
@AudreyKitching But if you fully embody your truth, does that not make you one with truth and at the same time feared by those who fear the truth?
@13astard speak also helps alot.  when you do that, you'll know exactly what to do next.  But that's based on my experience.
@13astard have the choice, it falls on us for not doing anything.	You want it to go away forever?  Allow your self to feel it.  let your mind take you where it's trying to and don't fight it.  It takes time and practice, but first you need a good cry.  Someone to actually listen and not
@13astard Their the same thing, by not allowing yourself to feel you suppress that emotion and it gets bottled up and it grows and festers deep down	But there's never not something you can do about it, you can fix it anytime you want, most of the time we choose not to.  But because we do
RT @iammantra: Today’s Mantra: 	I AM Unlimited. All limiting thoughts or patterns I have placed upon myself or taken on from others are eff…
@taylorburrowes amount of shades of gray.	I also presuming you define slut as any women who puts sex above her own personal values, or perhaps what you perceived her values should be?
@taylorburrowes define a good anyone to be someone who recognizes their own capability to be as bad as they can imagine but choose to do good instead because their definition of good is more aligned with who they are, but good and bad being subjective to the individual and come in an infinite
@taylorburrowes aesthetic aside?	Like you, I like ppl to listen to why you think your spectacular, but I have found that you can see just how unspectacular someone is by how they describe how spectacular they think the are,but that's based on my experience	what do you define as a good woman?	I
@taylorburrowes Did you recently meet someone who made you feel that you needed to put out on the first date?	I get a sense of frustration in this tweet.  almost like these are fresh wounds	Would you say that your one of the high value women that you mentioned?	If so, what makes your value high,
@rubirosajunior Better question	Have you ever looked in a mirror as realized that your not as attractive behind the mask?
@rubirosajunior Looking at pictures of your self is a good starting point, but the person you are in the mirror is the one with all the answers, but that's based off of my experience doing the same thing as you.
@rubirosajunior I believe I am pretty good at teaching this as it's what I do every day. With practice you can read anyone, including children.  and with enough practice, you won't even need to physically meet the person.  It's quite possible to read someone just by reading something they wrote
@Everythingissl1 @MindTendencies2 for you but may not be true to me and it's a lie to someone else.	any questions?	I don't know if I responded to what you were saying the way you wanted.  I may have misinterpreted something.
@Everythingissl1 @MindTendencies2 perceived them to do?	and if you can't relate like that, try what I do and ask questions.  Perhaps there's actually a good reason that they are judging, well a good reason from their perception, but perception is reality of those who are perceiving it.  Your perception is true
@Everythingissl1 @MindTendencies2 trying to think like this	Put yourself in their situation, which I would presume could be similar to your own at one point in your life or another.  How would you behave if you were them?  Would you do what you perceived them to do?  Have you done something similar to what you
@Everythingissl1 @MindTendencies2 In a sense, yes, it's all your perception as I believe there we are all the same could in different monkey suits, but I don't think that's what you meant.	why do you need to change your perception?  Do you find your self judging others often? 	If that's the case, I suggest this
@MindTendencies2 But I believe you know that those that we perceive as judging us are only judging themselves, just as we are judging ourselves by judging others for judging us, but I could be wrong.
@retrievethysoul I agree with this statement t 100% but there are boundaries that need to be set up.	But I think we're working on that right now
@retrievethysoul But remember, just because you think your ready, doesn't mean I agree	But if I don't I will tell you why	and you will listen generously to me as I will to yiu, but I recognize that I could be wrong
@retrievethysoul your truth but it's a lie to someone.
@retrievethysoul trust that I'm going to tell you why I did what i did as long as you ask me to explain myself, because every truth is a half lie and every lie is a half truth. That statement is true forwards and backwards and indisputable, because like I think i said earlier, my truth may not be
@retrievethysoul or money ever again. where does that version of you want to go? You tell me that and I will give you everything I have to get you there, or somewhere better, but you have to have faith.  Not in me, in your self to trust that I won't lie to you unless there's a good reason, and
@retrievethysoul handle based on where you tell me that you want to go.  	It may sound alien, but take money and sex out of the equations for now. Allow yourself to imagine, and this goes for the snoops reading our conversation and acting like they are not, that you don't need to worry about sex
@retrievethysoul going to make louder waves then me one day.  I'll take you as far as you want to go, but your going to have trust that not only can I do everything I claim but more then you can conceive of at this moment.  I only give what in think you can handle, but I'll know what you can
@retrievethysoul that I am not willing to lose at least, including my life.	You want everything I have, first you tell me everything you want and tell you exactly what I would do if I had the same ambitions as you, because i do, just that mine look different then yours	Do that and I think your
@retrievethysoul because I wanted to give her the choice of what she really wanted to do.  Give her the chance few have given me, to get exactly what I think she wants, whether food drugs or a bus ticket out.  10$ goes a long way for someone with nothing, I know because I have nothing, nothing
@retrievethysoul and I don't remember what she looks like so I'll never know either way unless she remember me and thanks me one day, my physical presence is as memorable as my online.  	But the reason I did it wasn't to shine the spot light on me, well that's not all true, I also did it
@retrievethysoul You tell me how to convince you that tonight I gave my last 10$ in the world, that I was going to use for cigarettes, to a girl that I believe was hungry who I believe was going to buy drugs because I think she doesn't want to live any more, but I could be wrong.   it was dark
@taylorburrowes another time	Phew 	I hope that resonates, I'm interested in your perspective
@taylorburrowes underestimate the power of the dark side.  That can be interpreted an infinite amount of ways, so think like this, I meant it exactly how you think i did.  whether one person reads this or one billion, no 2 are going to see it the same, that includes me.  But that's a story for
@taylorburrowes don't really know shit	How did I come to think this way?  By learning from the mistakes of the Jedi and following the advice that Vader, the emperor Yoda and obi wan gave to luke, advice that would have saved the Jedi council from being duped by Palpatine to begin with.  Do not
@taylorburrowes life and reality I learned from star wars, which reminds me of a lesson yoda taught luke in empire.  that in order to see the real truth behind what we think we know, we must unlearn everything that we have learned about what we think we know, and like I said, accept that we
@taylorburrowes both of us.  But that's just my opinion based on my experiences which helped shape my perceptions of reality.  my reality, no one else's, that's their job not mine. I can't help that my views are similar to obi wans and the jedi.  	But most of the important shit I learned about
@taylorburrowes which reminds me of a very valuable lesson that obi wan taught luke in return of the Jedi right after Yoda became one with the force.  that all truths are half lies and all lies are half truths.  Whats true for me may not be true for you but there is a lesson to be learned for
@taylorburrowes ppl that I interact with.  that's why I'm not afraid to as outlandish as I can be by saying the weirdest shit I can come up with because I'm not afraid to be proven wrong or someone tell me how I can improve, because I know their right and I'm wrong, from a certain point of view.
@taylorburrowes learn as long as we acknowledge that we are more ignorant then we really want to admit and don't actually know shit about the shit we claim to know shit about. I'm lumped in there too because I recognize the same behavior in myself, but I'm not afraid to admit it, unlike many
@taylorburrowes but I only know what I experience, and believe anything I can't personally disprove, but I only know what I perceive, which is my truth.	perception is the reality of those who are perceiving it.  8 billion ppl = 8billion unique perceptions.  That's a lot of potential shit to
@taylorburrowes I am biased.  so if we are all weird in our own unique individual way, there's theoretically something to learn from everyone.  	And just because I think you may be wrong doesn't mean I think I'm right, because I'm not afraid of being wrong, it's no fun being right all the time.
@taylorburrowes all having something to learn from someone else, even the ones we consider weird and ignorant .  	I say weird because I think everyone but me is weird, but that's because I believe every one thinks I'm weird and I think I am the most normal person I've ever interacted with, but
@taylorburrowes I look at "bad vibes" as challenges from the universe to test our capabilities to be willing listen to something we may consider weird or disagreeable because there's something we need to learn from that potential interaction.  But that's opinion based off of my theory that we
Different words same language	This guy's pretty smart sometimes		https://t.co/4gDOMcwAvh
rewards are greater then you may be able to imagine.  But rewards is a subjective term.
listen to Every word you have to say.  I wont promise I'll do what you say but I will always listen and try what i cant disprove	I know the flow and my grammar suck but there's a reason.  I'm lazy right this moment because I need a break soon.  This is very hard work, but the
conventional wealth.  There's a big difference.  Mine actually has value that you can use for more then just getting stuff.	Talk to you soon	by the way sometimes the best way to find something out is to simply ask.  If you like my work and think you can help me improve it, I'll
you can keep up with who I was, youll better understand who I'm trying to be.  and hopefully it will inspire you work with me or work on something similar in your own.  That's my hope with everyone in my life.  I believe in sharing the wealth.  But my wealth is different then
sometimes, nothing personal at all.  But my time, like yours is earned.  Because you can understand where I'm going, I need going I see where I've been.  Make sense?	My ambitions are big and the opinions of ppl aren't going to effect my outcome, i plan ahead just in case.	But if
meaning, if you get my meaning.	I'm the mean time, if you want to learn more about what I am, check my YouTube.  I don't want to appear as though I want fans, so I'll let you find it myself your own if your serious about collaborating.  I have a hard time believing ppl
@retrievethysoul  	I hope incident give the impression one and you to fuck off	It's just taking me some time to figure the right way to explain the answers to the questions you have.  My last draft was 20 thousand words.  I'm trying to refine it down with out compromising the
them and they go away.	But that's my tactic, it's not for everyone
just did while I was typing this out. 		Haters come in all shapes and sizes and the harshest ones typically come in the shape of family and friends.  Those are my favorite, because I know that by trying to expose me, they only expose themselves.  But like all the others I thank
tongue tied.  They don't normally come back, and if they do, I expose theirs, because I haven't met a single person who has loves their flaws as much as me, but I also haven't a single person who doesn't have the same flaws as me, especially the ones trying to expose mine 		I
but when sum1 tries to expose me, I play along.	I show them exactly what their trying to expose by showing them exactly how it's made me grow	But I never ask them, you mad.  		When I really want to fuck with them though, I thank them for noticing.  I let them get them selves
This I can resonate with	Haters	Ppl trying  to expose my flaws	But here's the thing, I think the word flaw is a made up word to make us hate ourselves and those around us		I see my past flaws as virtues that made me who I today, and I'm thankful for every fuck up I had and have. https://t.co/q0ju8nsSMU
RT @MindTendencies2: Some people fight you		Because		They are tired of fighting themselves		They are tired of repeating this inner loop		Th…
RT @AudreyKitching: I use to be scared to speak my truth because those functioning from mind controlled programs and inner demons attack me…
@AndeeCurt I told my problems where to find me if they wanted to make the problems not problems anymore, now they run from me
@AudreyKitching This is weird, I know it's not weird, but weird is a comfortable word		there's a current life situation that's been on my mind for days, but I was just thinking about it about 15 minutes ago and I saw you in my head saying , "let it happen"	anyway I just felt like sharing that
RT @AudreyKitching: If it was easy it wouldn’t be a test.
@retrievethysoul @Jilchrest Correct	But everything happens for a reason	What that reason is though is another question
@retrievethysoul @Jilchrest I'm also an advocate for ww3 and a dictatorial nwo, similar to what the sith did in the star wars universe, but on a much smaller scale them that and much more brutal
@retrievethysoul @Jilchrest Your absolutely right, but politicians with agendas don't think that simple.  and if she doesn't know what she's doing, and I'm sure she thinks she's doing God's work, the Ppl telling her what to do do
@retrievethysoul @Jilchrest unsmoked for later? 	Right now blackmarketers in the state are probably already getting ready.  But ppl  say I think too much, I could be totally wrong
@retrievethysoul @Jilchrest Maybe the point is to create a black market.  Then it becomes a problem, then comes the ban when black market shells are used in a shooting or shootings	These knuckleheads know exactly what their doing.  It's called setting yourself up for the future		ever leave half a cig
that it would be pretty obvious lol
close with what you figured out?  Or does it just sound like gibberish?  It makes sense in my head but it's translating the thoughts is what is a little difficult in text.  	I was gonna make a fake account to submit it for your tutelage but I smoked to much pot and I realized
in charge because 9 has the most voices.  But 9 is to busy fighting amongst themselves to notice that 2-8 are just doing what they think 9 wants them to do.  All the while 1 is pulling all the strings.  But sometimes I think 2-9 are all in 1's head.	to abstract or does it kind of
bigger concept then I can fit in a few paragraphs.  But I'll try to condense it to make sense.  But the energy of the number 1 is the only energy that can think clear enough to figure out what all the other numbers need to do.  so 1 is actually doing the job of 9, who thinks its
@ImprintedENERGY 	I think I just figured out how numerology proves that multitasking is a viable methodology.  which I think this all started from between you and i.  But if it wasn't for you i dont think I would have figured it out so quickIy		let me know how close I am, it's a
RT @AudreyKitching: I don’t believe in candy coating the truth to pamper people’s ego and illusions. I never have and I never will. I have…
@EdKrassen @realDonaldTrump Hey literal Larry	It's a metaphor
@tonyposnanski @realDonaldTrump Or use the war machine as intended, killing ppl and expanding borders	Can't have border crosses when there's no border
@DykstraDame @realDonaldTrump @NYGovCuomo @BilldeBlasio Is that pic of your dead husband or just a random photo for shock value?
@realDonaldTrump why not shoot on sight?	Isn't that technically considered an invasion?	Expand the border	Probably a good time to suspend the constitution too	Too much freedom to too many monkeys
@LouBassenger is doing the exact same thing, thinking they are different.		I hope I live to see a mass extinction event
@LouBassenger It's more like self induced slavery, but the desire to be a slave has been doctored up to look sexy and cool.  meanwhile your brains are turned to shit, but it's worth it,cause you can broadcast your degeneration live for the world to see, point and laugh at you, while each one
@LouBassenger I guess you could call it genius if the Ppl being marketed to were in the least bit intelligent, but their not	If u can train monkeys to juggle u can train them 2 waste their lives working to buy things that end up owning them, forcing them 2 continue working 2 continue consuming
@Henry_3000 @AndeeCurt Unless you have lived sclerosis
@underchilde Was just scrolling by this and I had a thought of a much better answer them my first		Don't fight them 	You won't win		Drugs and alcohol really help though
@DeeperThrill @taylorburrowes " Chance is but a name for Law not recognized"	-kyballion
@DeeperThrill @taylorburrowes If you really pay attention to them you will notice that they happen more often then we consciously register them	Know, dont think or believe, that everything happens for a reason and everything has meaning	something that has meaning to u will mean something different to me
@AyoO_Sn @DeeperThrill Thinking about someone moments before they call or text	Thinking about a particular song right before it comes on 	Thinking about someone, then looking up to see an actual sign with with their name on it	Like that
@MindTendencies3 needed to to be who I am	Everything happens for a reason, even the timing for the things we read on Twitter.	Well play monkey man👍
@MindTendencies3 things, but then I think that I couldn't have done it wrong because it happened exactly the way that it had to for me to even feel a slight trigger by the comments on this thread, which made me start this rant, which in turn taught me that I did exactly the right thing that I
@MindTendencies3 because in your mind, they die many times over.	and you lose more then some, in 8 months I've been through a spouse, a child, siblings, parents,  dozens of friends, hard my heart crushed a number of times, etc.  Unless I did it wrong,which I sometimes think, because I rushed
@MindTendencies3 properly because no one has ever done that for them before.	It's interesting to see ppl imply how easily they can let go,I don't think these ppl are being genuine.  Letting go of someone is not easy and it is not fun.  It's a pain that is worst then watching someone you love die,
@MindTendencies3 You can tell from the comments that this goes over ppls heads	Losing ppl because you find yourself is like thinking you are giving everyone you love the best present you can think of, and instead they all hate it	But it's not hate, they just don't know how to express love
@Jilchrest are going to buy more guns and bullets for the authorities.  You want ppl to behave, then need more guns pointed at them by the Ppl telling them what to do.
@Jilchrest I believe there's better ways of prevention	Take them away.  You want to avoid anyone from the general population shooting up a family restaurant or the mall or another school?  Take the bullets away.  Raising taxes is for passive cowards.	Make real change.  Unless those taxes
@taylorburrowes At least that's the impression I got as they didn't want to talk to me after I made it clear I was not looking for sex.  But I also have a theory that women want sex more then men, while men just play the part to make women happy.  Just a theory though.
@taylorburrowes I notice that you didn't put anything about friends.  That is something I've been wondering about, men and women in a platonic relationship, but then again this is a society that is focused on sex and money	the few lady friends I've recently had were only looking for sex anyway
@underchilde Embrace them	Their actually trying to help you, most ppl think their naughty, I've come to learn that they are just misunderstood	But you ?, best way to Deal with them		Focus your mind and let them take you where they want. Stare deep into the darkness &amp; and enjoy the show😉
@BrodifusMaximus @alexwhiteart @YouTube It is dc after all and cia hq is about 30minutes away
@KibBitzLaw Good and evil are subjective	Good for me could be evil for you	Not to mention all the shades of grey inbetwixt
@Impwar13 can't say, I never lived in one	You like the way things are now?	I would definitely say a good portion of the population needs to be exterminated first tho	and a return of segregation of sorts, based on zodiac sign instead of skin color or race, this way no one complain it racist
@emarie1225 How do you know?	If they have little to no recognition, you don't even know of their real, let alone what they are thinking	Who are the white hats with a little recognition?  and what are they recognized for, in regards to the dismantling of the cabal?
@FuctupMike @J4LYN @CNN @RealMattCouch @DaRealGrizzle @DanCovfefe1 @RuthieRedSox @KatTheHammer1 @StacyLStiles @USALoyalty1776 @RubyRockstar333 @Thomas1774Paine I'm a little confused	Is the controversy over the use of a stock photo instead of a photo of her at a concert?
@TomExposesLibs @d_nurnberg Perhaps his parents should teach him to have thicker skin
@FAKEGIRL500 @ntrotfoxn What's holding you back
Ppl act like a nwo would be a bad thing	Why? https://t.co/XKcMigtuaQ
@PapaInfinite @eagle2186 I've been working on figuring it out	It's a pain in the ass, I can tell you that
@stefanofait What makes it so mysterious?
@iamshancake @eagle2186 But you literally care enough to let ppl know about it?
@JonesthePoet @AndeeCurt Do you ask that because you want to die or your looking for an excuse to live?
RT @aGooSelife: Twitter, because we outgrew our imaginary friends...
@lamiejunquest @AndeeCurt Strange during or after?
@provdcrumblover @d_nurnberg id say it's karma for their parents living their lives like assholes
@playboiashton @norfshore_ Kissing what?
RT @AudreyKitching: Don’t bend your boundaries to appease other people. Stand your ground. Follow through with what feels right. When the u…
@mrshhjones @d_nurnberg I hope she gets to die with a little bit of dignity
@FOThoughts Thats not blackface	That's brownface
@KibBitzLaw Well if it was foul play let that be a lesson to anyone else that wants to accuse him of rape
@ViewAsQed @d_nurnberg @CNN Are you showing outrage for @CNN using a stock photo?	what are they being g hypocritical about?	what do you need an explanation for, I'm might be able to help
@carlosdeIvalle @MindTendencies3 How many these categories do you got into?	Whats an ltr?
RT @SayItValencia: Pain and sadness must be processed for it to dissolve.		Energy can only be transformed, it cannot be ignored or suppress…
@AndeeCurt There's not much that ppl do that isn't used to cover up fear and low self-esteem
@retrievethysoul @DeAndresCalm I take in ppls negative energy because I can use it		I come a unorthodox school of spirituality		The favor is unloading any and all negativity on to me.
RT @Carlosjesuslara: @toksikshok I’m in! I always talk to myself cause no one understand me too, let’s fuck shit up!
@Carlosjesuslara I like your style carlos
Well in a world of billions, millions don't really matter  But perhaps wiping out a couple billion ppl might change the way ppl think		#2024NuclearWar https://t.co/vNJEtrIfC2
Most children I meet are either fat, stupid, lazy or a combination of all 3	I can't actually think of any that arent.  Internet are deathly afraid of their parents. https://t.co/3E2w6aHjvo
Or realize that every time that someone "hurt" you, you deserved it for something that you did to the other person	Everything happens for a reason	There are no victims	and if you need someone else to remind you that your wonderful, your probably not https://t.co/vcUwkucRLJ
@ASavageNation Well think of it like this, at least he's no longer the slave/companion of another human trying to fill a void so they don't have to face something they hate about themselves
@RepSwalwell @staceyabrams Does that future involve nuclear war and/or mass hysteria?	Americans need something to get their heads out if their collective asses 		2024,  the year of nuclear war
like me, but I think that's because most ppl aren't very smart		Your probably right		I know, that's why I said it.  But fuck'em, I'm at least keeping myself entertained		Lol, I find you amusing at least		Thank you		Your welcome		Wanna cause some trouble?		sure why not
Thats exactly it lol	Wouldnt you say so?		Yes I would		why		Because I'm usually only talking to myself		why		Because know else really has anything else to say		why do you think that		Because I always end up just talking to myself		why do you think that is		Probably because no one https://t.co/RBOogx3hU5
bomb threats, rape threats, all of it.  My goal is to be the most hated man in history. I feel like it's my calling		Thanks new moon
and to go fuck myself with a cereal spoon.  Sorry for the mental image.  I'm just bored with the usual stuff. 		agreeing with me and telling me how smart I am is old news.  Id rather know how much you dislike me or how shitty my writing is.  I wanna get death threats,
cult in my name, or what ever the fuck you wanna do.  I just have this weird feeling stalkers are where it's at right now		I see all phonies out there with your weird cults of knuckle heads constantly agreeing with you.  I like the sickos that tell me to take a shit in my hat
stalkers, some asshole scared off my new favorite one last night because the dope thought he was doing me a favor.		If you would like to stalk me, I don't even need to know all the time.  Just once in a while shoot me a message letting me know how your doing or you can start a
nice, I'm even worse in real life.  My winning personality even inspired my family to get away from me,their loss		I killed 2.5 bananas the other day to prove that monkeys could juggle bananas.  did I feel bad?  Nope 		anyway I'm working on a project and need some internet
I don't understand myself sometimes	I see the limits of human thinking on Twitter everyday and everyday I wonder if this is the best the world has.  some of you ppl are whacked the fuck out, even the so called smart ones	I know that's not nice to say but I'm don't like being
@Numerologynow One day im going to win.	I'm debating even start a fake account just so you never know its me.  I am going to find out what you do one day.
RT @vyqvy: i used to feel like	reality was pushing on me	from every side,	but now i feel like	reality is expanding	and i am the source	of e…
I can promise 2020	But if there's a 2024, I promise that I will be running on a platform to start more nuclear wars then any human in history just because of how stupid this is	and if I win I will start them just because, who would say yes to nuclear war?	Now I'm going to have to https://t.co/mw2MhEAq0G
@TulsiGabbard @HouseCracka who is actually saying yes to nuclear war?	As far as I can tell I am the only actual advocate for ww3 that I personally know.  But that's a long story.
This may be the sickest thing I've ever seen	if this isn't some kind of demon in a priest suit, I don't know what is https://t.co/rHE3IKwo2m
RT @AudreyKitching: After healing a suitation, we get the urge to jump into something new. Most of the time we have to go through a liminal…
@LivPsy and 89% should be wiped out	I suggest learning the left hand while you can
@joerogan @CNN I highly suggest quarantining that shit hole asap so that stupid can't spread anywhere else	Id even go so far as bombing the shit out it just to make sure nothing can ever live there again
@AdamMoad It's never too late to flirt back
@MindTendencies3 @trey_wing6 Never grieve, but I do honor his memory	I could never have become who I am if not for his cowardice
@welshbooky @cherryaddison I think both men and women can learn a lot from that
@welshbooky @cherryaddison Leet that be a lesson in the futility of devoting yourself to a job
@vyqvy Ppl, or rather forces
@vyqvy I look at it like a backstage pass into the psyches of the worst humanity	cults, zombies, robots, monsters of all shapes and sizes, it's amazing.	It's a sobering reminder of the ppl running this world
@SadityyyB @norfshore_ Do you find that that's the most memorable aspect of your life so far?
@MindSovereignty Just a little harder to handle, but that's been my experience
@MindSovereignty After 8 months not searching, I still haven't found a single one that can.  Well, I've come to better understand what's meant by the statement, everything is temporary	But though temporary, everything is also replacable, and the replacements are always better then the originals
@SummerTimeArt I've been having a lot of thoughts lately that the universe is beginning to lose its patience with mankind
@pursuedbytruth @FatherSciarappa @Sjgpotter @FrHarrison @shannon_last @clericalpod They actually sound legit
RT @AudreyKitching: The energy of today’s New Moon is like a door closing. We only have the option to move forward now. The days of oscilla…
@MindSovereignty It was incredibly difficult for me	Especially giving up money and all other earthly possessions, including a job and bills. the hardest was the ppl I was closest to	You don't realize how much of an attachment you have to something or someone until you try to give it/them up
RT @MindTendencies2: 1. You speak the truth		2. You embody the truth		3. The truth speaks through you
@align_manifest it with who I want to do not with.	But I haven't have a job since July and have willingly not had money since oct.  so in my opinion in doing exactly what I need to be doing
@align_manifest philosophy is simple, if I can achieve what ppl keep telling me is impossible, I better have good notes.  Whats the impossible?  Well that's a long story, but it involves me never having to worry about money ever again and still being able to do what ever I want when I want to do
@align_manifest been keeping a detailed journal on my progress since June for the purposes of posterity.  		I developed it through a study of modern spirituality, hermeticism, esoteric alchemy, kaballa, gnosticism, occult symbolism, magic, demonology, and a mish mosh of occult sciences.		My
@align_manifest case scenario and come up with a mental roadmap to avoid it and get closer to where I want to be		It's a little complex because it involves psychoanalysis every person you want involved, which isn't that difficult once you know all the light and dark aspects of yourself, but I've
@align_manifest explain it would be that I visualize the exact opposite of where I want my life to go, allowing myself to be consumed with negativity.  The idea is this, if I can imagine where I don't by to be, I can figure out where I do want to be by analyzing what I don't like about the worst
@align_manifest visualization purposes, imagine what ppl think of when they explain how to manifest with the law of attraction.  Now picture the exact opposite.  	It sucks but like I said, the results for me have been beyond what I was expecting when I started this journey.		another way to
@align_manifest at times there can be a day or 2 devote to recovering.  Imagine allowing yourself to live out your worst nightmares in your head.  It might not sound appetizing to most but it's been working for me for the last 8 months and the results are beyond my expectations.		for
@align_manifest It's a little bit of a story		It's basically the opposite of traditional meditation techniques.  I allow my mind to be one with the darkness.  It usually involves intense bouts of paranoia, depression, anxiety, rage, etc.  It is not comforting or in the least bit fun or relaxing.
RT @align_manifest: Watch on #Periscope: Reply to toksik comment https://t.co/YC8y0019Jg
@align_manifest lagging like hell. hopefully I get something figured out soon
@align_manifest karma is a bit to big for what I was trying to say.  But you gave me a great idea for a video because I don't think I could say what I need in a few paragraphs to fully express my thought.		I would love to comment deeper in what your were saying but I'm at the 820 word mark and
@align_manifest there's a huge delay when typing.  Could be a sign be a sign.  plus its autocorrect is one of the worst I've ever experienced.  so I'm kind of best for the time.  		But either way, I think my concept of everything happening for a reason and it's correlation to what I consider
@align_manifest this make more sense.  It's actually an idea I had a few weeks back.		and your spot on about my grammar and flow as well lol.  had a slight malfunction  with my laptop and have to settle for a kindle fire which isn't meant for the output of my brain.  Once I got about 1000words
@align_manifest That was beautiful	Thank you for sharing that	I could feel the energy in it		your spot on about context. Text doesnt always transfer it the way it's intended, especially without writing a short novel and editing it for hours on end.  But maybe doing short video comments like
Never compromise who you are for others.  No one deserves your time.  Your time should be earned, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't put yourself out there.  It takes time but they'll find you https://t.co/HYsFUF00qv
@align_manifest negativity.   But that's because I believe most ppl are too weak to do not on their own.  If you got negativity to get out, I'll take it.  I could use it for a project im working on
@align_manifest teach you. that involves living in your head more then living in the outside world, but that's a temporary sacrifice.  One that I personally do not regret based on what I see in the outside world right now.		but if you got haters send them my way.  I thrive on transmuting
@align_manifest of negative karma that they can't get out of because they convince themselves it's normal and what they deserve.		and what do I means by transmute?  It's allowing the negativity to take your mind on what ever scary journey it wants you to see to learn the lesson it's trying to
@align_manifest universe/karma says you deserve for being a naughty boy or girl		But I also look at it this way, we can easily train ourselves to take in as much negative energy as we deem fit and be able to transmute it, but most ppl are too scared to try it or they try and get caught in a loop
@align_manifest Depends on one's perspective of reality	do you believe in karma?	Do you believe everything happens for a reason?I	do you really believe it do you just say it when it's convenient?  If you do all.		Maybe the "haters" are giving you their negativity because that's what the
@DeAndresCalm That's for taking that all in, don't hesitate to return the favor one day
@DeAndresCalm anything more then the self perpetuating cycle of suffering that they willingly force onto themselves everyday.  But maybe the universe will prove me wrong.  This is all just my opinion after all, so I recognize that I could be.
@DeAndresCalm being dependent on another person.  But who am I proving this to?  to myself, so that  once I succeed I can show others.  Well that was the original plan.  But seeing how not good, by good I mean my subjective view of what I define as good, humans are, I don't think they deserve
@DeAndresCalm boy or girl and learning the hard won lessons it's been pushing on you from the moment you were born.  Or so that's my theory, I haven't owned money since october, to prove that one can survive without it and without a partner for 8 months to prove that one can be happy without
@DeAndresCalm what they are.  I actually question if there is such a thing as a happy person.  I define happy as being 100% happy and confident in yourself, and realizing that you need neither money or another human to make you happy, they are bonus luxuries from the universe for being a good
@DeAndresCalm are testing each other to see who can endure the most with out putting a bullet in their own brains.  It's sad to watch them.  so easily distracted by tv or hatred for each other and especially hatred for themselves.  I'm surprised the suicide/homocide rates aren't higher then
@DeAndresCalm for myself, I have very big dreams.	which I think is the problem most monkeys have with me, I dream too big compared to others.  But that's not my problem, just something else to vent about.	But now that we are on the subject, why do ppl love to suffer so much?  It's as if they
@DeAndresCalm test with a lesson to learn.  	Just so happens that the more negative energy you allow yourself to take in, the greater the lesson to learn turns out to be.  But I've learned that to achieve your highest goals you have to face your darkest fears, and fortunately/unfortunately
@DeAndresCalm to give myself a break from being the one person that listens to the drek that comes out of ppls mouths every day.	Granted, I can't complain as I put myself in these compromising situations.  But that's because I know everything happens a for a reason and that everything is a
@DeAndresCalm was given a mind that works so all I can do is confess my disdain for this existence to internet strangers because actual humans arent in anyway capable of accepting my brand of normal so I isolate myself away to avoid mundane human interaction at times, like today, in a attempt
@DeAndresCalm mostly.  I believe there's too many of them at the moment in order to balance the scales of light and dark, but that's what my downloads tell me.  But nature assures me that it's working on that problem as we speak.	I know I'm stuck in this monkey suit like everyone else but I
@DeAndresCalm I'm glad you asked....	do you believe everything happens for a reason?  		I feel really good today actually.  I decided to stay in bed and let my poor body rest.  Too much doing for others this past week, time for toksik to get some relax time.		what's bothering me?  Humans
@Flyguy2stackz You may have just jinxed urself	If my gift of foresight is as good as I think, you will now receive a series of tests in your life that are going to challenge those words more then a simple football game.	Good luck, I have a feeling ur gonna need it	😉
RT @AudreyKitching: My guides have been telling me to shift away from mundane astrology and numerology guidance, as it has become way to tr…
RT @MindTendencies2: You have been fighting your inner chaos		Until you realize		Fighting it actually empowers it		There is no end to this…
RT @SilverStarSiri: With whatsoever judgement you judge, you shall be judged
RT @MindTendencies3: You want to be like them		Until you realize		They want to be like you		This is when you let go of trying to be like so…
the head, but that's just my opinion. Based on my experience interacting with the bad monkeys, no offense inner, that I interact with.  You should all be ashamed of yourselves,but again that's my opinion based on what I perceive of human behavior" .
your life.  And who you are is someone who needs to learn how to get what you NEED from them in exchange for what they want from you.  What do they want? They want to spiritually, emotionally and physically suffer.  Because these monkeys, no offense inner, are very very sick in
disagreeable person that most don't want to be around.  That's why they only want you when they need something that only you can provide for them.		that's when you need to wake the fuck up and learn to let go and be who you are or settle to be someone's slave for the rest of
"You've wasted entire your life trying to be like them		Until you realize		Not only are you just like them,  but your worse, because you consciously realize it and still continue to repeat the same behavior becuz your selfish, lazy, rude, obnoxious, and an all around
word nice comes from the Latin word nescius, which means ignorant.  I don't believe ppl need nice, or rather I believe they had a chance to listen to nice and squandered it, as that's what monkeys are not to do.  so how would I rewrite this to touch as many egos as I could?
else.		But I was going somewhere with this thread lol.  I was given the gift of being able to look at something and be able to find a way to improve it, at least to my own personal specifications, no one elses.  So like I said, you said this a lot nicer then I would, but, the
to others,but I believe that because I don't see anyone else really doing things the way that I do, or they aren't very good at it at least,but that's my opinion, good is subjective.  and I can say that the "good" stuff the universe tells me would be considered "bad" to everyone
that what's good for nature is good for mankind, and in a sense I would agree, but what I think is good for mankind and nature probably isn't the same as what everyone else is thinking.		But I think that's because I believe that the universe speaks to me differently then it does
called to do, just like everyone else.  Is that wrong?  Or are ppl under the preconceived notions that the universe only makes what they perceive to be "good" guys and gals?  however good is subjective.  		But I also believe that most monkeys, no offense inner, have this idea
embrace our calling and the universe called me to be what ppl perceive as a "dick".  But is a perceived "dick" the same as an actual "dick"?		 To some, that's for sure.  I get attacked and harassed all the time because of my perceived behavior, but I'm only doing what I've been
I had to be put through a ringer over and over until I learned what I needed to learn.	I love what you said but I find it a little to tame.  		I feel it necessary to poke ppls egos to help them get some of their frustrations out. it's not as fun as it sounds, but we're told to
You said this way nicer then I would have	But that's probably because I come from the school of ripping the bandaide off hard and fast, but that's how the universe trained me to be on my journey.  but that's also because I was a bad listener when I was being taught a lesson, so https://t.co/yz6nkMflab
@taylorburrowes A good personality can make a subjectively unattractive person more aesthetically pleasing &amp; vice versa, or so I believe from my experience	I usually take that as a subconscious warning about a particular person	some ppl tend to become less attractive the better u get 2 know them
@rubirosajunior Also realize that nothing is a coincidence when everything happens for a reason
@rubirosajunior What do you think the reason was?
@rubirosajunior If one takes the time to really appreciate the concept that everything happens for a reason	It's safe to say that every single event in the entire cosmos happened exactly the way that it needed to since the beginning of what ever u want to conceptualize as time for u to read this
@rubirosajunior I come from the school that when one has to say they are or have something, it's not normally true.  But that's not always the case.  This is something I will take you on your word for	Thank you for sharing
@EasyShmeezy @taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly another male trying to assert some form of dominance with petty insults.  Or, and this just came to me, where you just making a joke? if so, for who?
@EasyShmeezy @taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly everything happens for a reason.  You made this comment for a reason, to get a reaction from myself or Dr t.  either way you are looking for attention.  You now have my attention, what would you like to do with it?  I only ask you don't waste it like most ppl.	Or are you just
@EasyShmeezy @taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly of yourself on to me, which is very possible, as I believe that's the go to subconscious defense mechanism for most ppl when they see a characteristic in someone that they want for themselves. 	It's also important to understand that I while heartedly believe in the concept that
@EasyShmeezy @taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly can't imagine you will have a problem being clear and articulate, if of course you were making an honest observation about me, which if that's the case, I appreciate the criticism, as I mentioned before that I do enjoy it.  But you could also have been projecting your own fears
@EasyShmeezy @taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly likely be trying to get rise out of me with a few baseless accusations, insanity and disturbed, i would be interested in understanding better why you think that way because I at least try to explain my thoughts to the best of my ability, unlike most ppl that I interact with		I
@EasyShmeezy @taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly think that I portrayed that behavior in anything I wrote.		Also could you elaborate what you mean by "deeply unsettling streams of consciousness", I come from the school of not throwing the baby out with the bath water and recognize that even though I believe you may more then
@EasyShmeezy @taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly How exactly do you define insane?	Your definition might be a little different then mine as I subscribe to Einstein's theory of insanity, repeating the same thing over and over again expecting different t results.  I try to live my life by doing the exact opposite.  and I do not
@taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly around me, and so I try to be as meticulous and calculating as I can with everything I do.
@taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly and despite what kind of relationship you may have had, romantic or not		I over analyze and over think every aspect of my life to ensure my mind is regularly exorcised of doubt and fear, and for the first time in my life I feel I am in complete control of myself and everything
@taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly learning about aspects of myself that I may want to change/rewire		Sometimes I can come off like I am being overly presumptuous, it's because I am, but usually not for the reason some ppl think.  I like to figure out who ppl are, as they are usually very open, even after years,
@taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly lost during the sending process and I couldn't remember what they said for the life of me		what are your thoughts on criticism?	Not so much being criticized for the sake of being criticized, which I personally appreciate and enjoy.  I find being criticized as a good form of
@taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly with words pretty quickly when I see or hear something that's interests me.  I then analyze the best way to approach the situation with the words that are floating in my head.  Then I either write or speak. 	there was actually another paragraph or 2 from the beginning that was
@taylorburrowes @YaBoyRoly I noticed that about you with the flattery, that's why I was thinking Leo 	and absolutely I agree on the romantic assessments via dm, I should have mentioned that, not sure why I didn't think of saying that		I say a lot of things sometimes.  My mind has a tendency to fill up
@rubirosajunior 100%
"...I'd rather kill you then watch you work a shit job for enough money to buy cheese and watch tv...these are Tyler's words coming out of my mouth...I am Tyler's mouth".		- jack, Fight Club
@YaBoyRoly @taylorburrowes Thank you	I am also highly susceptible to flattery
@ChurchofSatan Is someone new running the Twitter account	I'm actually finding you entertaining now	👍
@rubirosajunior of any kind	Unless it's their karma to be enslavedenslaved	But that's my opinion, I could be wrong
@rubirosajunior I believe that we have been brainwashed as to the nature of a relationship between men and women in multiple grounds.	One of those being that women should be the slaves of men	I don't believe anyone belongs to anyone else unless they allow themselves to be	I don't condone slavery
@taylorburrowes not sure why
@taylorburrowes you said you were an earth sign, but if you do I would go with Taurus for the hints of venus, but it's not often to find a Taurus with direction, but that's just my opinion based on my experiences with Taurus 'a through out my life. 	I want to say possible Gemini as well but I'm
@taylorburrowes Based on what I have seen from your tweets I would have to assume you may have a strong water in your sun or moon.  But you are also intelligent so I think you also have some strong air with a pinch of fire	I get a sense of cancer, Aquarius and/or leo.  	I would be surprised if
@rubirosajunior i'm going to have to disagree with that
@hfrank6048 @ScarletMagdalen What's the haugue?
@taylorburrowes No is an acceptable answer
@taylorburrowes talk more?  There's a lot more about me that I had to leave out, but in my opinion is all very interesting as a whole and I'm pieces, but I'm biased.	Oh and I can juggle
@taylorburrowes myself as honest).	also, if it matters, I believe I am aesthetically pleasing to look at, but I'm biased.  I also find you aesthetically pleasant to look at, but that's not the only reason I would like to know you better. I like your mind	Do you mind if I dm you some time to
@taylorburrowes talk to me more, if you couldn't tell from me being a little internet stalkerish (that's a joke, I follow and comment on a lot of ppl and I also tweet really weird stuff just so I get it out of my head, but that too is a really long story, most ppl think I'm weird, I think of
@taylorburrowes I've been conducting for the past 16 months on myself and the ppl I interact with.		I like talking about psychology too, I've very much have been wanting to meet someone who likes what I like.  I think you seem interesting and would like to talk to you more if you would like to
@taylorburrowes months which again in my opinion is quite impressive for what im working on, it's a long story.  My long term goals are to change the way ppl look at spirituality, psychology and mysticism based on my own personal research
@taylorburrowes consciously working for about a few years.		I had to basically rewire my brain to be the person I always wanted to be, and I'm doing a really good job, in my opinion based on what I've experience over the last 38 years and have been documenting all of my progress over the last 8
@taylorburrowes but that's a choice I made because I can't relate to any person I meet for more then a few interactions.  Internet ppl are more easily replaceable and give me practice over coming my egoic triggers to help me over come my egoic triggers in real life	It's something I've been
@taylorburrowes anything I put my mind to, including being my honest self in front of women, which is a major fear of mine.  But i make myself do what I'm afraid of to conquer the fear of doing a thing. 		I spend a lot of time on Twitter because I don't interact with many ppl outside my room,
@taylorburrowes traditions including qabala, hermeticism, gnosticism, with a focus on the study of occult symbolism, paganism, astrology, tarot and a sprinkle of gnosticism and assortment of other theologies, that have given me the inner strength to find the courage to tackle any fear and do
@taylorburrowes Easy peasy living' greasy		I'm derek, I am a Leo sun, Scorpio moon, Capricorn rising.  My main passion in life is the furthering of my personal spiritual path.  I practice of form of spirituality that's composed of hermetic alchemy, Astrotheology, and an assortment of mystical
@taylorburrowes You personally I mean
@taylorburrowes What kind of things do you like to talk about
@hfrank6048 @ScarletMagdalen Not any creepier then lying to a girl about star wars	You claim to be able to recite the movie but failed at the one attempt you tried which was right before making that claim	I'd say your creep factor is a little bit ahead of me		I hope you learn to forgive yourself
@chickgonebad @ScarletMagdalen Poor auto correct	I'm using an amazon fire, all too broke
@hfrank6048 @ScarletMagdalen the universe told me to tell you to go back to the beginning of that conversation read it, you won't have to say it, but your forgiven
@ScarletMagdalen Have you never heard of inter racial racism?	and are you implying that only men can call other me  sexist, or are you like me and realize those guys are just phonies?
@ScarletMagdalen Are you a POC?	why would you assume a white woman can think for a POC	POC call other POC racist against POC all the time	Unless you think the POC who think that way are liars	Are you somehow trying to say that whites are the only race incapable of being racist against themselves?
@ScarletMagdalen @hfrank6048 That's impressive
@hfrank6048 @ScarletMagdalen I'm gonna need a little more then the word of a grill that may possibly be stalking me
@ScarletMagdalen @hfrank6048 You got a vid on that it should we just take your word?
@hfrank6048 @ScarletMagdalen I though so
@hfrank6048 @ScarletMagdalen Are you making a joke about rape?
@ScarletMagdalen @hfrank6048 and now your assuming my gender to others, which is rather insincere	and though I saw it as a challenge, you accepted it and continue to accept it.  and now have gotten other ppl involved	I think we make a good team
@hfrank6048 @ScarletMagdalen I do not believe that really happened	But that's just my opinion		I could be wrong but in don't remember obi wan saying that exact line.  Unless you were just making it up and putting quotes on it
@ScarletMagdalen @hfrank6048 I don't know what that means
@hfrank6048 @ScarletMagdalen and you is not you
@ScarletMagdalen "Yes Yes" what?	Your a stalker?	I do not eat paste, I have a feeling that is another thing we have in common.  	But I did have some pretzels and a sandwich
@pribyl_lukas @EsotericExposal aren't really in charge of their lives in regards to any scope of perspective.  	It's not as if wedding known how to fix things, we choose not to.  Like all aspects of real life, nothing lasts for ever
@pribyl_lukas @EsotericExposal Your only talking about humanities selfish love for itself	Nature, god/the universe isn't very forgiving for those that don't get their heads out of their proverbial asses and learn the lesson it's been trying to reach you.  	But that's just my opinion, mankind forgot that they
@ScarletMagdalen sure I got a few others already, it's a long story
@ScarletMagdalen I told you you were racist against white ppl, but your also a sexist	I never said that I was a white dude.Your not a good mind reader, I thought I said that	Unless your stalking me	Are you stalking me?	You don't have to	I'm dont judge	plus Stalker sounds alot more fun	Im pretty
u hate  the person u r in the light so much that u keep them buried in the dark. Why?	Afraid of being judged?	Afraid of the mayhem your going to cause?	Or just love feeling the way you do	I didn't like it so I stopped.  I'm just curious why I don't think anyone else actually has?
@ScarletMagdalen childish on both our parts	would you like to stop?	Yes = stop	any word more than or other than "yes", case sensitive =keep going	No response = stop		Deal?		and I believe your scenarios impressed because you never had this much fun
@ScarletMagdalen I'll take that as a no	Or your just not bright	But it's Funny because I feel the same way about you.		I always say that everything happens for a reason, but what would be the reason you won't go away and why I feel compelled to respond for only as long as you do back.	It's very
@vyqvy read ppls minds  or im a good guesser or im the only person who is the opposite of insane, it's a really long story
@vyqvy a friend of mine to help me finish up this current one.  Plus I have to Go back and change all the names, I think.  I'm not sure if it's slander if it's true from my perspective.  I know the ppl I know don't ever consciously admit to the things in my head but I've learned how to
@vyqvy Thats the theory though.	But in hand wrote everything 	I'm the middle of transcribing the first in but laptop screen got busted during one of my panic attacks, so I gotta take a break till I can get it fixed. Which is good because i have a lot to write about write now.But I have
@vyqvy very difficult, you have to dig into your nightmares.  The real ones and the sleep ones.  	The experiment is to see if it works on regular humans so they don't have to go through what I did to get the same results.  Results should vary based on the imagination of the reader.
@vyqvy genuine love for another being.  BEcause I believe that when you let go of all pain by not bottling it in any more.  By writing down.  when you do you, you start to realize how much the line begins to blur between what you see in your head and what you see in your life.  It's
@vyqvy part, sit back and be who they all want you to be.  Not the bad one.  	I would best describe it as taking advantage of ppls hatred of you, the ones that have been bringing your own all your life, by giving them Everything they deserve.  Your ear and your heart.  Not pity, but
@vyqvy pretty interesting even if ppl think I'm lying.  and if they have the courage to do what Ive done, it will teach them how to live forever.  and only it involves doing is forgiving all the ppl that hurt you, forgiving yourself for allowing them you, and then, and this is the hard
@vyqvy some days they seem like they are standing behind me and others it seems like they are demons.	It's basically a documentary of every psychosis I've gone thru over the past 8 months with no medication, only using the techniques taught by the ancient occultists. 	It's actually
@vyqvy the disection of my brain will change the world or just trying to make me crazy on purpose so I'm like them again or they are trying to use some behind sophisticated form of reverse physiology	I can't tell because they all lie to each other and they all lie to me, I think.
@vyqvy thinking that it's hanging from a cliff.  	My goal is that it saves the world or burns it to the ground. Metaphorically their the same thing but the world can be interpreted in multiple ways as well.	I think the ppl in My life either thinking I'm crazy and get me committed and
@vyqvy failures and victories .  It keeps growing though 	I'm on 7.25 books at about 45000 words each.  	I've been taking a break to write an almost side by side to prove what I've been writing about.  Not that's an exact match but it's actually working out even better despite others
@vyqvy I've been doing it for 8 months.  I can tell you that my life will never be the same.  But I've been writing about my journey from my perspective.  Whether it's ever released or not or edited or not isn't relevent, but it's like my own personal bible that reminds me of all my
@ScarletMagdalen Do emojis count as words?  Just want to be sure
@ScarletMagdalen I don't like tv and this is my typical entertainment, like most ppl on here. I presume we have that in common to, as your trying to use the act of watching tv as an insult, unless that was a general question.  Text doesn't show intent well.
@ScarletMagdalen It do you just want the last word?	I can comply with that
@ScarletMagdalen Does that mean your going to stop	I feel like this is one of those, "you hang up", "no you hang up first" things.	On the bright side I think your enjoying it at this point
@ScarletMagdalen keep coming back.  You want my attention for some reason.	I'm not complaining, this is a better time then I've had in a couple days.		OH, your just lonely	No worries, so am I	We got that in common too
@ScarletMagdalen pissing you off which I presume was about me, which I saw while scrolling thru last night	You seem more obsessed them me, if you want my opinion.  so I guess I'm obsessed to see how far your going to take this before you stop responding	.  	I even suggested you block me and you
@ScarletMagdalen Im no more obsessed then you appear to be	I'm only responding to your responses to a comment I left on a completely different thread made by someone else.  	I even poofed and you responded again to get me to notice.	You even made a post about some Nazi sympathizer that was
@catenergy22 @DCnumerology Ok, I thought so	Thanks
@ScarletMagdalen I can't think of any other good reason, unless you have that your white
@ScarletMagdalen Your racist against white ppl
@ScarletMagdalen At least we have not being very bright in common.  That's a start
@EsotericExposal That's one perspective
See?  	so think what you want
then you would call me a liar, and i don't lie, except that time I told you I didn't care what ppl think, which I don't, I only cared enough to tell you so you don't think I'm as weak as everyone else because I'm not, even though I complain about the same things as everyone else.
and I'm not because unlike those who constantly worry about what others think I dont.  Why? because I said it...like everyone else does....But I mean it unlike everyone else because everyone else are liars.  Unlike me.  Well, your not a liar either, cause if I called you a liar
because I'm already hurting, but too proud to tell you otherwise because you couldn't possibly understand what it's like to be me, unless you were me, and i am a unique snowflake that isn't like anyone else.  But everyone else cares what other ppl think.  That's why they are weak
me that isn't true?  Manipulating you to think how I want you to think.  Because as long as I can make you believe I dont care then you won't have the courage to try and hurt me because you'll think that I don't care enough to get hurt, but the only reason I even told you was
ask me why I don't care so I can insist and contradict myself over and over so that I can instill into your think head that I really dont, when in my reality I do.	But if I do care and at the same time tell you i dont, isn't that me shifting your reality to think something about
I don't give a fuck what anyone thinks	But I care enough about what you think to make sure you know that I don't care.  so I guess you could say that I care that you know I don't care.	Or maybe I do care	Maybe I care too much and maybe I just want you to think I dont care so you
@ScarletMagdalen I assure you I cannot
@ScarletMagdalen I believe your wrong and a terrible mind reader.  I think you like to make baseless assumptions because your hiding from something in yourself.	I'd even go so far as to say that I believe you are the actual racist and trying to project the hate you have for yourself onto others.
@ScarletMagdalen poof myself, I used my last one poofing you	Or you can block me.
@ScarletMagdalen it in your heart to forgive him.  do you not believe in forgiving ppl?	you may have been so brainwashed by society that you might actually believe your right but I think your doing it to legitimize something in yourself.	But I could be wrong, I don't think so though	I do not
@ScarletMagdalen can you?	You want me to leave you alone but you are trying to get my attention with this comment. why?	Do you not really want me to leave you alone?  If that's the case your going to have to tell me why you will never accept that this man could change and why you can never find
@ScarletMagdalen thought blackface was racist in the 80s your either not paying attention to what I said or need some clarity	You want to hate this guy and never forgive him because he put black makeup on his face.	You don't even know why he did it.  You think you do, but you can't read minds,
@ScarletMagdalen I don't know what sealioned means,but you used twice already.  Either your assuming I know what it means or you want me or someone else to be impressed your using it or you just learned it and getting the most out of it	If you think i was questioning whether ppl in general
I'll 2nd this, but I also believe that when you are thinking of someone, they are thinking of you as well	But that's my opinion based on my own experiences https://t.co/MHkBjo2sRD
@rubirosajunior and i will believe what you have to say as long as I can't disprove it 	But the only truth I know is what Ive experienced.  anything else is a belief and I believe that a belief is nothing more then just another opinion	But all of that is just my opinion
@rubirosajunior I look at truth like this	Every truth is a half lie and every lie is a half truth, that includes my own truths as well	Whats true for me may not be true to you and what's true for you may not be true for me.	I may not believe what you believe, but I believe that you believe it,
@ScarletMagdalen I didn't think we were arguing	But your wish is my command	Poof
Very much this https://t.co/xjvjY7KHu1
@ScarletMagdalen did your parents teach you as a child?  Specifically blackface?	I'm not interested in him anymore	I'm more curious about why blackface is so unforgivable to you.	I get the sense there's something really bottled up deep in you that's making you feel this way	Do you mind sharing?
@_wavyiz Why?	I hope you live
@MatthewPHX4 @Numerologynow @ImprintedENERGY Thank you
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO all alone.  Like someone watching you
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO believe me, they watch your every move, waiting for one moment of weakness to sneak inside your head and drive you mad with fear.  Be careful around mirrors too.  If you get that tingly feeling up the back of your neck it might be too late, I'm sure you felt it before when your
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO be careful of the names that you throw around of demons and gods and devils.  Just because you dont believe in them doesn't mean  they don't believe in you and are looking at you right this second		Standing right beside, invisible, but you can feel them.  Like goosebumps		and
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO in the universe you will have to bang your head against a hard wall for every time you misuse that word or claim to know more then fuck all about any religion.  and maybe you should pick up a copy of the satanic bible, your closer to a Satanist then you probably realize lol		and
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO like a big kid or go sit in the corner	Ppl like you are the problem with ppl.  Instead of telling CoS who they are, try asking instead, your probably be surprise how much you don't know		Moloch? I'm so tired of you ppl acting like you know anything at all.	If there is any justice
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO under control, because your all to lazy to do the work or ask the questio .  How hard is it for you to look into the shit your babbling about?  You come from a fairy tale land where you have to work and pay bills and be a "normal" person, you want to play with the big kids, act
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO You q ppl are no different then any other cult or religion you want to condemn	someone tells you something and you think your am expert	The CoS is a bunch of kindergarteners compared to the ppl you think that you know about	But that's the problem with ppl	and This is why your all
@MatthewPHX4 @Numerologynow But I still don't know what he does
@ScarletMagdalen maybe.	But my presumptions can come off like assumptions, which in a way they are.  I don't know you or what your like, but I've seen this behavior many times over.  am I right in anything?  No one ever says, I think they think it's an attack
@ScarletMagdalen member from when you were younger was overtly racist and it rubbed off a little bit, but in your later years realized the folly of that way of thinking and are making up for it by allowing yourself to be, in my opinion, overly outraged.	Or maybe you lost a friend to overt racism,
@ScarletMagdalen ppl who have done something similar to ourselves.  You have a secret your hiding.  Maybe not against a black person but you made a racial remark or had a thought about someone in your past and This Is your way of making up for it.	You didn't kill anyone did you?	Or maybe a family
@ScarletMagdalen I could be wrong but it's as if you want to outraged at this guy	why in your eyes is he beyond forgiveness?  Because he dressed as black face?  so what? 	Is it because you are worried that you will get slammed if you take a similar approach to me? 	But we usually find outrage for
@caidozcherry Nope I don't normally tag ppl	But the point I was making I thought was quite clear	 "Kid friendly" porn is a much better alternative the meat grinder madness that's out there now a days
@ChurchofSatan @liberatedno @RealCandaceO Too day is the first time I can admit that I'm glad I'm following you
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO The goat your refering to is baphomet not satan.  the image of Baphomet is an alchemical metaphor hijacked by CoS because it looks cool
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO Moloch is not Satan	As an atheist I would suggest doing some studying in theology and not just taking the word of anons who have done even less homework
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO If you are not a Jesus expert them how can you say the devil worshippers in the Vatican are not his ppl.		Christians worship exactly who they tell you they are, even the those in the vatican.  They just interpret it differently then intended
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO Well yes troops too	By supporting the troops you support everyone being killed including the troops.	Sheesh, that took some effort to word correctly
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO The killing of children, not troops
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO and don't feel bad for the kids. karma doesn't have an age limit
@liberatedno @ChurchofSatan @RealCandaceO I can't believe I'm doing this	Thelema isnt isn't satanism	It's sounds more like you are projecting your deepest fears and ignorance on CoS	As a q patriot do you support the troops?	If so you support the killing of troops	If not ignore that last question
@DCnumerology Are there other days that total 7 asides from the ones mentioned	It's are you including the month and year as well I'm the calculation?
@morethanMI5 @AndeeCurt It is, until we learn that the person we called a piece of shit, for arguments sake, only acted like a shit because it was our own piece of shit behavior that inspired them to act in their own piece of shit manner to counter balance out own.	Well that's what I learned at least
@Numerologynow "I think I mean..."	 "got any before...."
@Numerologynow Like what?	what exactly is it that ppl get from your courses?	I think I'm mean end game wise.  	Good any before and after reviews?	side by side comparisons of what your providing?	what do you teach ppl to do within the matrix, I suppose
@caidozcherry why?	Do I tag you often?
@sitvisvobis @caidozcherry rose bud stuff		Trust me, kids could probably benefit from this greatly
@sitvisvobis @caidozcherry some sick stuff out there.		I saw a man pull an octopus out of a girl in one, then slapped her with it.	and I wont even get started on tentacle open	Or one with the guy getting a personal massager thrust in and out of his front hole, if you get me		I refuse to even look at that
@sitvisvobis @caidozcherry Well look at it this way, would you rather your kid/s watch a filtered down "kid friendly" porn that you now about or some drug addled twenty something trying to swallow a giant🐓 , or 2, while getting a fist or 2 rammed of up her keester?		do you even watch porn?		Theres
@offbeatoliv @4SLars Maybe that's the point	In my opinion he said it because he doesn't think you have the courage to do it, otherwise you wouldn't need him, as originally out it.	I'd make a bet with you he shits his pants if you did	But I think many therapists are snakes, so I'm biased
@Medytacyjnie @MindTendencies2 I suppose is a good way to put it
@Medytacyjnie @MindTendencies2 I was having this issue before.	I know what your saying and I am with you, but what I mean is that the words just come.  It's not that I'm not conscious of them, I see them in my head but they just come to me and out my mouth.  Always pertinent to the situation.  Perfectly times
@rubirosajunior if that wasn't a possibility though, I suppose anyone but you, being that you are excluded from this scenario
@rubirosajunior Me	But if I wasn't already me that is.  and the new me that wasnt this me wasnt trying to do the exact same thing that this me was doing, but then again I'm sure current me and the other me would both be following each other.  	I bet wed probably be besties
@SayItValencia @MindTendencies2 to this exact moment.  and all of those past moments were there to train us for this one, and the next one and so on. Until....something happens, not sure what, but I presume it's something cool 😎
@SayItValencia @MindTendencies2 exactly where we need to be to get one step closer to the path we need to be on. we never get more then what the universe thinks we can handle, but whether we pass the challenge of not falls on us, but we cant often say that we weren't prepared as ever moment in our past has led
@SayItValencia @MindTendencies2 absolutely	I think of it a little different though, or rather maybe I explain it a little different is a better choice of words. we are doing/saying/thinking exactly what we need to be doing/saying/thinking at the exact moment we are supposed to be doing/saying/thinking it to get
@MindTendencies2 think we're saying something similar.  Your words are a little different from mine, so I want to make sure I'm interpreting correctly
@MindTendencies2 Moment between moments = now?	I find that sometimes my words come out without me thinking.  I typically attribute it to the universe giving the exact words I need to say/text for the person I'm talking to to hear at the exact moment that they need to hear those specific words		I
@Medytacyjnie I think it will	Thanks
@ScarletMagdalen yrs, probably enough to make him regret that decision.		Especially today, why hold it over his head.  His own demons are going to be doing a number on him for the rest of his life because of this		Unless he learns How to forgive himself for making a mistake
@ScarletMagdalen myself		I'm not the same person I was in 1984 or 1999 or 2018 and I'm confident saying that I'm not the same person in was this morning.  My point is, we all change, whether it's perceived by other ppl or not is another story.  I would say this guy has seen a lot in the last 35
@ScarletMagdalen I agree, there were ppl back then that thought it was wrong. Maybe he didn't for some reason that we will never actually know	I've done lots of things in the past, even the recent past that ppl can judge me on.  and all of those things I accepted blame for, because I forgive
RT @Numerologynow: Only RT 		If the Knowledge I shared 	Changed your Life 		#GG33
@Medytacyjnie when you say gaps between words are you talking the words I used?		I mean, are you saying that what I said makes partial sense?
@Numerologynow Out a that I haven't interacted with someone with this much ego before.	I use the word ego in regards to the egoic and intuitive minds of occult philosophies, not you having a big head.  Thats abundantly clear.  But I don't judge.  I do too
@Numerologynow I only ask becuz I just started following u yesterday.  R u always like this?
@Numerologynow I get the sense that these little tweets about the greatness of your knowledge is to get my attention or boost your own ego.  But that could be my own ego too, but I'm working on reading energy of tweets	Long story
@Ichiikuu @Numerologynow How has his knowledge changed your life?
@Juvenal416 @Numerologynow How has it changed your life?
This https://t.co/FgStSaxyxX
A flick to your nose could be comparable to a bowling ball to my foot if you have never experienced either.  if you get my meaning	But that's just my perspective, it's ok if you don't agree with me
said, "for arguments sake".  Is it ok for a future partner to judge you for that behavior?		Racism and sex are 2 different things I know, but I'm talking about the act of being judged for I ones past, when one did not commit an actual crime.  Not a comparison of the acts.
did when we were younger?  Are you ok with ppl today judging you for your past?		Lets say for arguments sake that you were promiscuous when you were younger, what ever your concept of promiscuous may be, i don't personally like using that word to describe anyone, but like I
involved with the year book and the photo at the time was a racist and maybe he was too.  But ppl change and when ppl change so do their points of view.  Perhaps at the time he thought a different way then what he does today.  		Should you or I be condemned for something we
this photo?  Probably because he didn't think the world would see it, that's for sure.  But the fact he was ok with it being out into a college year book would mean that not only he but the school didn't think it was wrong.  		But why? could be for a few reasons.  Everyone
sometimes I make mistakes, like all other humans.  But I learn and grow from my mistakes so I don't make them a 2nd time, at least I try, that is. that's me and my opinion, but it is not my opinion that everything happens for a reason.		so what could be the reason he took
assume you may not be either, in regards to socialist and cultural norms of that time, in that section of the country.		ppl don't normally do what they as perceive as wrong without a good reason.  Otherwise they don't do it.  I only do what I perceive as good, well I try.
I don't think your a mind reader, or at least I'd say you need some work if you were But in 1984 I was 4, but i don't believe america was as culturally sensitive as it is today.		That being said, where did this take place?  I'm not familiar with the area and I think it's safe to https://t.co/IgWvmaUY2d
@Medytacyjnie I guess what ppl would call law of attraction.  But my way works for me.  It wasn't something just 1person  taught me.  It took many many ppl and many many experiments to learn how to control it a little better
@Medytacyjnie This is a little hard to explain in depth, but think of it like karma.	Fix old karma, learn the lesson and integrate to change the world around you to become what you want it to be
@Medytacyjnie It's not even a practice anymore.  It's become my way of life.  I quit my job back in July and over that time learned how to live with out money and continue my work
@Medytacyjnie also believe that everything is also a test with a lesson to learn
@Medytacyjnie It's a little hard to explain in a few paragraphs.		This of it like this.  I allow myself to face all the fears, anxieties, insert favorite negative emotion, so that I can allow that emotion to take my mind where it wants, as like I said, everything happens for a reason, but I
@Medytacyjnie want to say.  I'm real life it's about split second thinking and learning to stay quiet and listen 		It's a long story.  I hope that makes semse, with as few typos as possible	But these are my tactics, they arent for everyone	I do a lot of, I suppose you'd call it shadow work.
@Medytacyjnie ppl, and the ones I do in real life don't know how to release their ego baggage until they blow up, the best source of negativity is social media.  This way if/when those in my real life do explode I do not go ballistic on them.  		Twitter  gives you time to think about what you
@Medytacyjnie the scope of that statement.		am I at peace?  I practice a form of spiritual expansion in which I take in as much "negative energy" as I can do that I can teach myself to "transmute" and learn the lesson to better overcome it in the future.  But being that I don't talk to many
@Medytacyjnie understand why he blocked me.  I really hoped we could worked out our differences, but I believe 1 or both of us are not ready for that yet.  I'm sure I'm preaching to the choir when I say everything happens for a reason.  I think a lot of ppl don't have an easy time accepting
@Medytacyjnie the ego are the ultimate test.		I appreciate the questions by the way, I find it rare that ppl do that unfortunately		Right now I am feeling calm and collected.  I learned the lesson, I needed to learn.  That I need to start following my own advice better		am I understanding, I
@Medytacyjnie outside world either.  		But I also enjoy these Twitter interactions as a sort of practice.  Not so much as I'm planning on having the same conversations as much as learning to control myself when my ego is challenged, on and off line 		Because like you, I believe challenges to
@Medytacyjnie abilities.  I see challenges to the ego as the universe telling us that we have something to learn from those Or that that challenge us.		But I feel it almost as a calling to challenge the egos of everyone I meet, online and in real life.  I don't have many friends I'm the
@Medytacyjnie Exactly, not many ppl realize that when they talk about frequency, high or low, it all comes down to perspective either way		I feel silly admitting this but I find that Twitter is great practice in terms of allowing my own ego to be challenged and handle it to the best of my
@Numerologynow Why?	You concerned you'll have nothing to teach me	You'd be surprised how much I don't know	But Im sure you'd probably also be just as surprised at what I do		I don't think your a fraud, you got a lot of monkeys trying hump your leg, I'm actually impressed and slightly intrigued
how you did		 "Better" is subjective by the way, I know you did what you thought was right before your followers started to see the person behind the facade
and then block the person for letting you know they know your talking about them		I was hoping we could of been friends	Oh well		I suppose the lesson for me is that not everyone has the courage to face the mirror.  I hope I can when my times up, or at least handle it better then
universes lesson to you, try putting a disclaimer at the end of your tweets that it's not ok for ppl to have opposing views then yours to comment back.  		You will save yourself the trouble of lowering your self to a frequency that inspires you to post passive aggressive tweets
@KNeferhetep 	I cannot answer the question when you block me after posting it	But I did not think i implied that I was on it to begin with.  	But I think what upset you is that you don't like not having your ego stroked, like all the other phonies on twitter		 But here is the https://t.co/NMPRn6F3dT
@Numerologynow Lotto for knowledge		You must be very good at what you do		What is that you actually do though?  I am envisioning sport gambling with astrology and numerology.  Close?  Or do I pay 3k for the opportunity to find out?
RT @Maryamhasnaa: Trying to get people who are not experiencing what you are going through, to understand it, is like trying to explain col…
@Maryamhasnaa That is exactly it
@soledadobrien @ScarletMagdalen I can't say for sure because I wasn't there but 1984 was 34 yrs ago.  I would have to presume, as most who were adults at the time, that 1984 culture was far different from 2019.	and just to play devils advocate, I got a hunch this is a Halloween party, but again, I wasn't there
@_wavyiz @KNeferhetep I don't think, and I'm sure we will both agree, we ever stop	I embrace all my missteps in life and I wear them as badge of honor.  I look at it like this, with out learning from my mistakes I wouldn't be who am I today.
@beast_anti @Lemik_merope I agree with "Many problems"
@MindTendencies2 But Sometimes what we perceive as an insult is the universe speaking through someone else to remind us of our own thought patterns that need to be adjusted	Everything happens for a reason, even perceived insults
@_wavyiz @KNeferhetep concept in question more fully.  Tweets have a tendency to force us to condense a mile wide thought into the back seat into the backseat of a car, if you get my meaning
@_wavyiz @KNeferhetep to look past the meaning of the word, so to speak		I see them, mistskes, as opportunities to learn from, grow from, and take with us to never make that mistake again.		trying to see from his perspective, I would go back to the person that inspired this post and discuss the
@_wavyiz @KNeferhetep I actually love what you said but I don't think you meant it the way I see it, but I could be wrong.		Yes he's human	Yes humans make mistakes	and yes you have to look past mistakes		But I don't see mistakes as mistakes, I try to not even use that word of I don't have to.  I try
@beast_anti @Lemik_merope Yes to this	During the q days everyone said "trust the plan"	Eventually I came to see that the only plan I needed to trust was my own
@_wavyiz @KNeferhetep think I know.		You'd be surprised what you can learn from those we perceive as having a lower frequency.  and realistically, high/low frequencies are really matter of perspective.	I think you would really enjoy the kyballion, if you haven't read it yet
@_wavyiz @KNeferhetep misunderstanding, but that requires us to also accept that our own perspectives may be wrong or may need some refinement.  I always say the 4 magic words that can squash any ego are "I could be wrong".  I always try acknowledge with myself that I could be wrong about everything I
@_wavyiz @KNeferhetep But is cursing ppl out for disagreeing, I forget his exact quote, really for the higher good?	Wouldn't a higher frequency person attempt to understand the perspective of the person that they perceive of having a lower frequency?		Like I was saying, it could just be a
@_wavyiz @KNeferhetep only truth I know is what I've experienced.
@_wavyiz @KNeferhetep same time. and if you want to really make a statement you could say the glass and it'a contents don't even exist		I look at it like this, I may not believe what you believe but I believe that you believe it. I will do my best to believe what you say that I cant disprove but the
@_wavyiz @KNeferhetep true forwards and backwards. What's true for me may not be true to you		For instance, 99degrees is hotter then 98 degrees and colder then 100 degrees.  It just depends on the perspective you choose to take.  Or even, you could say that the glass is half empty and half full at the
@_wavyiz @KNeferhetep I didn't think he was like most ppl.  Most ppl ignore me because they think I'm attacking	But truth, even his, is subjective to the individual	It's like the principle of polarity says, every truth is a half lie and every lie is a half truth.  That statement is true because it's
@PARRISH8809 @KNeferhetep of the making of this piece
@PARRISH8809 @KNeferhetep Wise man once say, "you gotta clean your room before you save the world"	I love that saying, forgot who said it though	There are no coincidences, everything happens for a reason, at least that's my perspective.		I forget his Twitter handle but the artist posted a very cool video
@KNeferhetep What is "it" then?	Perhaps it's just a simple case of a misunderstanding
@_wavyiz @KNeferhetep I won't speak for anyone, but in my experience ppl usually get mad because they aren't heard the way they want to be heard.  Most ppl just want to be praised for their thoughts, they typically don't like those thoughts to be challenged	I used to be like that so I can relate
@Numerologynow @Rezn8_the_Great though		one of those things I learned was that truth doesn't need to be defended.  	either way that's just my opinion from my personal experience
@Numerologynow @Rezn8_the_Great Even neo has to learn from morpheus.  But that is a very bold claim		I come from the school of thought that if you have to say something then it might not be as true as we want it to be, but that's just my opinion		But unlike you i had to learn a lot of what I know from others
@taylorburrowes @Numerologynow I couldn't let you show me up with that handstand lol	so I got a monkey to juggle some bananas	Unfortunately the bananas were harmed during filming https://t.co/avS8524zZP
@KNeferhetep I hope you don't think I'm picking on you.  I'm not trying to hurt you but I like to make observations.  Your be surprised the interesting ppl you meet doing that
@KNeferhetep You can ask me anything you like 	I have no idea who or what you are.  I'm just making an observation based on what I feel from reading your tweet, but like I said, I could be wrong.  Was I right?	Sometimes my presumptions come off as assumptions, but that's why I say sumthing
@KNeferhetep Maybe I'm wrong but I translate this as , "I don't like when ppl don't think like me. and the only way I know how to express that is through passive aggressive tweets rather then having a open minded conversation".  But again, that's just my interpretation 	I could be wrong
@KNeferhetep I used to use hourly reminders on my phone	It really helped with breaking old thought patterns
@Alyssa_Milano @ScarletMagdalen are when your a grown up you will more then likely still believe bananas are bad for you
@Alyssa_Milano @ScarletMagdalen know why they think the way they do until you take a walk in their shoes.  Maybe they have a good reason for thinking that way.  Perhaps they only think the way they do because that's how they've been trained.		if your brought up being told all bananas are bad for you, chances
@Alyssa_Milano @ScarletMagdalen I believe judging ppl for the way they think is worse then judging ppl for the way they look	But that's just my opinion	Judging looks is one thing but thinking we are better then someone just because they don't have the same thoughts as us is way uglier, in my opinion		You don't
RT @MindTendencies2: Sometimes you think you have a problem with someone		But in reality		This person inadvertently triggered your negativi…
@taylorburrowes @Numerologynow Far out	My own handstand skills have been on a steep decline over the years but I think you just inspired me to get back on it
@Numerologynow @taylorburrowes head when I think of a battle of wits	But I don't like participate in little games like that.  It usually ends bad for me.
@Numerologynow @taylorburrowes them just how weak they believe them selves to be. Revenge of the nerds comes to mind.  more revenge of the nerds 2 Then 1 though, but that's just how I see it.  You might hav e something completely different  in your head		But that's just the little scenario that plays in my
@Numerologynow @taylorburrowes until 1 person gets tired out first  and will throw cheap insults and childish attacks at the one who they perceive as knowing more then them as a way to distract others from seeing their bruised egos, not realizing that by doing so they are showing those who were once behind
@Numerologynow @taylorburrowes sign?	I could see how you would mean either or but I can also see you leaving it up to my interpretation, I suppose it doesn't actually matter either way		What do you consider a battle of wits?  I get a mental image of 2 ppl doing and saying stuff back and forth to each other
@Numerologynow @taylorburrowes Funny you say that, I am a monkey, 1980 	But also a Leo sun, Scorpio moon  and cap rising, in case your wondering, it's ok if your not.  Not sure on vedic though, I'm not terribly familiar with all of it		But are you implying a literal monkey would outwit me or another monkey
@taylorburrowes @Numerologynow Interesting about the difficulty of standing vs walking, I wouldn't of thought that.  But, if we're going for aesthetics, I gotta go with handwalking. It always makes me think of the kid in the wheel chair in Friday the 13th pt3,	I get the impression your a handstander?
@rubirosajunior Not gonna lie, there is a interesting sensation in my head
@Rezn8_the_Great Easily injured?	Like mr glass?
@AJA_Cortes @rubirosajunior we are right but not all the time		do you have any examples of these arrogant types?  I'm curious if I fall into that category because I hate small talk, but my definition of small talk may be different from yours
@AJA_Cortes @rubirosajunior the wrong things.  No need to call them names because you bore them. maybe, you bore them because you have nothing of substance to offer.		sometimes when we point the finger at others, we are projecting into them who we believe we would be if we were in their shoes.  Sometimes
@AJA_Cortes @rubirosajunior experiences	But substance to me could be boring to you. that doesn't make you arrogant just not interested in the crap I'm spewing.  Thats ok too.		If your talking and no one is listening, maybe it's not them thats the problem, maybe your just talking to the wrong ppl or saying
@AJA_Cortes @rubirosajunior Is it possible that you think they are arrogant pseudo intellectuals because you can't keep up with their way of thinking?  Nothing wrong with that at all.	some ppl are thinkers and want to discuss thing of substance.  Most others are not, but that's my opinion based on my own
@taylorburrowes @Numerologynow Handstands are definitely impressive 	Walking handstands though, that's really impressive		But I think a monkey juggling bananas would destroy all the competition.  But I'm biased to monkeys, juggling and bananas
@FlaminHotPeen @rubirosajunior Amazing
@scott_wyman @Bravewriting been a hypocrite ever in your life?	I would have a very difficult time believing anyone who would say no
@scott_wyman @Bravewriting because those pointing it out are too scared themselves to be willing to change their way of thinking because that would mean they would have to admit that they COULD be wrong, and most egos do not like to accept that.		But that's just my opinion, I could be wrong		You've never
@scott_wyman @Bravewriting Tomorrow I stop dressing as black face because I'm putting someone else's needs in front of my needs		I would say that ALL ppl are guilty of hypocrisy, very few own it though which I don't understsnd. I see it as growth		I wonder if hypocrisy is typically portrayed as a negative
@scott_wyman @Bravewriting Hypocrisy isn't a bad thing.  I look at it like learning from your mistakes and changing your preconceived notions of what you thought were correct for a new set of thought patterns.	For instance:	Yesterday I loved dressing as black face	Today I learned it can hurt ppls feelings
@Bravewriting Maybe their not pretending	Maybe they don't realize it, because maybe they don't know.	Not everyone knows the same thing as you	I would go so far as to say the ppl trying to start civil war 2 are the ones in the suits playing you all against each other, but that's just my opinion
@NPC534513147878 @LibertyGeek83 @allidoisowen @peterboykin Well I'm his defense the thread is about ALL democrats being scumbags 	Thangs like saying all whites are racist	At least this fellow said only 9 out of 10 republicans are.	At least he didn't say all
@allidoisowen No	just like how not every1 who thinks like you is a scumbag, but I think ur just trying 2 get ppl worked up by asking a silly question like that	But I could be wrong, also sounds like you could be venting because you had a bad exp recently, just doing in a passive aggresive way
@underchilde Waking up
@obianuju @Dani_MB Evil is subjective.	can You elaborate on the chaos that ensued	What is abortion extremism?	What do you mean by doom?	Really always?  You got any proof?
@beast_anti I do not	The universe is getting pretty pissed off about it to
@Rezn8_the_Great so your learning how to see the signs and symbols the universe/matrix is leaving that point you towards where ever it is your going?  Is that what your saying?	How is Gary's numerology helping in that regard?	so you would say it was worth the 3000$?
@Numerologynow Whats the most impressive thing youve seen so far?I	I didn't see anything in the comments worth a 2nd look	what do lol usually do to impress you?	Headstands?  Juggling?  Jokes?	Not getting what your asking	It Sounds like your trying to get some monkeys to juggle bananas for you
@Rezn8_the_Great @DavidEmerson33 @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan We can agree on that
@Rezn8_the_Great @DavidEmerson33 @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan It provides enough clues but you didn't figure it out?	Sounds like you needed more clues		Those gravitating to what answer?	The question about multitasking?  That's all I wanted to know lol
@tamexis @KNeferhetep I would agree	I can't say that I've met a single person not taken by it	At least none that are convincing
@tamexis @KNeferhetep I don't known what you consider satanic	@ChurchofSatan? Those guys are larpers	Is there a specific ritual your thinking, because I'm not familiar any.  I read the satanic bible, well tried...	But either way that's your perspective, a Satanist would consider theoreticians good
@rubirosajunior Not right now
@Rezn8_the_Great @DavidEmerson33 @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan so you figured it out too?
@rubirosajunior This is something I've been trying to work up to	I think I have about 15, my goal is 24, but it's not easy, I'm a food junky
@rubirosajunior Water or you go cold turkey on everything?
@tamexis @KNeferhetep I dig what your saying though
@tamexis @KNeferhetep I agree &amp; disagree.  I believe part of the current experience, as u so aptly out it, is to be part of a high jacked experience	Just like the matrix	But I c evil\good as subjective to the individuals perspective of what they define as good or evil	Good for me could be bad for you
@rubirosajunior My bad	How long	Not thinking
@tamexis @KNeferhetep I don't blame anyone for anything.  But I believe in karma and reincarnation and that everything, not some things, happen for a reason.  In my opinion child "victims" are getting a comeuppance from a past life, or is that too dark for you?
@Maryamhasnaa @ccshanti22 I know, I was only bring up misinterpretations of a healthy exchange.  I've interacted with quite a few ppl who take me as attacking rather then inquisitive.  Could be my aproach, which I admit can come off as abrasive to some but i leave that misinterpretation
@mindvirus_ Interesting, my father died in May 8	Granted it was 2015, but the day sticks out
@mindvirus_ Well more then just luck
@mindvirus_ Gotcha	Gonna have to look into the injury thing, I was under the impression 7 was associated with luck
@KNeferhetep Though wouldn't consider it murder as much as preservation, but I'm splitting hairs on the definition of murder. When I think of murder I think of maliciously taking the life of another person	But agsin, I'm splitting hairs
@KNeferhetep if they can manage that, I agree
@DavidEmerson33 @Rezn8_the_Great @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan Homework on what?	I'm no closer to an answer to my first question then I was this morning
@DavidEmerson33 @Rezn8_the_Great @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan Why though, because I questioned gary?	It's almost 12 hrs later, and still not a single one of you can explain why numerology proves multitasking is a valid technique.	I know Gary isn't the only person to figure this out, or maybe he is.	Thanks fore keeping me occupied today tho
@ccshanti22 @Maryamhasnaa right, from our own perspectives. I think some ppl forget that our own truths are truth to us but opinion to outsiders.  But that's my opinion
@ccshanti22 @Maryamhasnaa that abbreviated words and phrases.  ppl using different lingo and inflection then some are used to, I love a good exchange but more often then not it turns into, like you said, A battle of who's right and who is wrong.  		I try to go into every exchange assuming we are both
@ccshanti22 @Maryamhasnaa I agree, but I also think Its possible to misinterpret a genuine question or attempted exchange into an attack or challenge.	I see that happen quite a bit, especially online, but I also attribute that to text being a shifty form of communication		We got our selves into a society
@MayoSaladd @GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow You don't think it makes more sense to ask the person who made the claim?	Why?
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow share for free		I know you didn't ask for fun facts but it's a better answer then most would give
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow free, cause they don't really know how to use it right and it's not typically worth free.  BUt that's just my opinion based on my experience	I haven't had to worry about money for the past3.5 months.  But that's because I learned how to live a free life with what I know.  and I
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow unless you agree with everything they say, I encourage you to take another look at how I conduct myself.  I thought what I said was quite reasonable.  could		and be weary of ppl who put their wisdom behind a pay wall, theres usually a reason ppl are afraid to give their work for
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow with a lot of closet mystics to and learned a neat tricks from them.  	I needed to take a break from studying to take care of some family things but I'm trying to get as much info as I can.  I like being the best but everyone I meet who claim to know things don't like to talk
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow where you take in the timing of Christianity's roots in conjunction with a good foundation of masonic, alchemical,occult symbolism.  you also have zues, horus, ra, krishna, etc, also representatives of the sun		so ya, I know a couple things about the power of 7.  I used to hang
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow like astrotheology, which is one of the inspirations for the religious control systems put into place because of the empirorer Constantine and the council of nicea,but I wasn't there so I can't claim to know that for sure but based on my studies that's the most logical scenario
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow week, Or day of the sun is the Christian Sabbath because the character or avatar, depending on how want want to view him, christ  is representative of the actual Sun as the sun is godin quite a few mystic traditions , when you translate them properly in correlation to something
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow you noticed that jackpot on some scratchies and slot machines is 777	Black jack = 21 = 7+7+7.  I'm sure one of the gentlemen of gg33 can expand of the number 21 better then me		Saturn the 7th planet is represented by the titan chronos, father of zeus.		Sunday the 7th day of the
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow ancient astrology, 7 notes in music, god creates the earth in 7 days, etc	speaking of god, I don't recall the exact reason, I'm sure someone could remind me, but 777 is known as gods number, and 77 is, I believe, a or the perfect number.  		Now if your the gambling type im sure
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow traditions.  I don't recall all the reasons why but 7 would be like the super multitasker of the numbers, in my opinion.  But it's sacred nature is because of how often it appears in nature. 7 colors of the rainbiw, 7 chakras, 7 days of the week named after the first 7 planets of
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow could take it apart and find some aspects that could work with their current knowledge, or not, doesn't bother me		But to your question, I am familiar with 7 energy but it may be a little different from gary.  7 is considered a sacred number with the mystics and religious
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow about his knowledge but he said he didn't have a teacher.  Neither did I but I had to study few other ppls work before I could compare a few different perspectives and come with my own conclusions. But I don't mind sharing mine, not saying their gospel, but I'm sure someone else
@GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow I'm very familiar with 7 as a matter of fact, but probably a little different from these guys, that's why I'm curious about where their getting their info	I come from more a hermetic/qabalists/alchemists school of numerology, but I'm still learning so I'm curious how Gary came
@rubirosajunior Thinking do you typically fast for
@Maryamhasnaa But what if they are trying to share something you may not know.  Just because someone doesn't agree doesn't mean their trying to suck you dry.  Maybe also they are just trying to find flaws in their own logic to improve upon by getting a deeper understanding of yours
RT @InfiniteWaters: One of the truest signs of maturity is the ability to disagree with someone while still remaining respectful.
@DCnumerology What's considered a major world events	Are you implying something will happen tomorrow specifically?
@KNeferhetep Why?  why not just tell me I'm wrong?  I could be but you aren't showing me otherwise	and just because we doing agree on victim mentality doesn't mean we can't find common ground.
@ogsloe_ @KNeferhetep am I wrong though?	if a bully bullies you your entire life, who's fault is it?	The bully or you for allowing yourself to be bullied?
@Numerologynow @GabrieleAlyssa @Adrian_inez_ a logical person would come to what conclusion?  That the sky is blue because someone else said so?  Or that they would need to find out for themselves?	It's not a matter of you needing my money as much as deserving it	But who am I to say
@KNeferhetep you asked a question I answered truthfully	You don't like my response?  why?  Because it's not the same as yours?	Or are you a victim too?
@GabrieleAlyssa @Numerologynow @Adrian_inez_ do u typically take any1 word 4 face value?	I'm curious why I have to prove myself to Gary.  He's the one selling a service, shouldn't I try to be an informed buyer and question what he's putting out there?	Just becuz sum1 tells me the sky is blue doesnt mean Im not going 2 check
@GabrieleAlyssa @Numerologynow @Adrian_inez_ and you again, I don't believe in coincidence	why should I know hes busy?	Your right no one is obligated to tell me anything, but I got quite a few trying to telling me things, just nothing I asked
@mindvirus_ @Numerologynow Thanks	Maybe I'll check it out
@mindvirus_ Why not add the rest of the date?	2/1/2019 = 6	I know there's multiple schools of numerology, what makes one more accurate then another?	I never heard of 7 being associated with injuries, that's interesting.
@KNeferhetep @GabrieleAlyssa Right	But we were intelligent enough to see those forces for what they are.  I can't blame the controllers for doing what they themselves are programmed to do, they dont know any better, like the majority of the 99% who prefer to be cattle
@GabrieleAlyssa @KNeferhetep No, you are interpreting that I am acting that way.  	Your right though, most are ignorant and deserve everything happening to them	Luckily there are those like us who are not and know it's only going to get worse for the cattleand	which is why we are better suited to survive
@KNeferhetep I do	Stand up for yourself or take it deep	There are no victims
@DavidEmerson33 @Rezn8_the_Great @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan Work and dedication? You should try asking questions to numerologists that don't like answering questions about numerology	I'm need a nap after this lol
@Rezn8_the_Great @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan and what is he doing different t from every other numerologist?  What makes him the best?  Because of 20yrs?  Or just cause he says things he can't seem to back up I should just accept his word as gospel?
@Rezn8_the_Great @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan I asked how numerology proves multitasking is effective	I don't care if Gary did this for 20yrs or 20 minutes	He made a claim that I asked for clarity on	I don't him personally and don't know what he knows, are you saying I should take his word and not question him?
@DavidEmerson33 @Numerologynow @Rezn8_the_Great @UnknownJetsFan why do you feel that was well said, it actually sounded condescending
@Numerologynow @DavidEmerson33 @Rezn8_the_Great @UnknownJetsFan Not to say that this hasn't been an enlightening experience	But you do have me convinced of the fact that there are in fact  numerologists that are indeed frauds
@Numerologynow @DavidEmerson33 @Rezn8_the_Great @UnknownJetsFan I'd say I've already proven im worth your time considering how long you and I have been at this 	but being that I have learned nothing except that it's difficult to get you to answer, what I presumed would be, simple questions, I'm questioning whether your actually worth my time
@SenBillCassidy @Jburgh4 What sounds do aborted babies make?
@KNeferhetep But if the 99% sit around allowing the 1% to ruin it for them, isn't that fault fall on those allowing it to happen?	and if not why?  My only guess would be that it's easier to cry victim then take blame for being lazy.
@DavidEmerson33 @Rezn8_the_Great @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan Why?	what does any of that have to do with anything I've asked	All of my questions seemed pretty straight forward	No need to over complicate anything.  plus I'm sure I'm not the only person who is wondering
@DavidEmerson33 @Rezn8_the_Great @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan if you really want to help I would suggest researching the copious amounts of questions I left strewn about this thread.  Having to backtrack to find them all would be a waste of MY time at this point.  But I appreciate the offer.	Thank you
@KNeferhetep But if enough believe the devil is a god, who makes the final determination of who is right?  the true God?  Which one is that?  The one with more followers? Or the one you personally believe in?	and if it's your own personal, would the devil God worshipers get the same respect?
RT @Numerology2019: The best way to escape from a problem is to solve it.
@DavidEmerson33 @Rezn8_the_Great @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan Doesnt research involve asking questions?	what questions do you feel were a waste of anyone's time to answer? Mayb I asked the wrong way	Or should I just take Gary's word for what ever he says	shouldnt all things in the matrix be questioned?  Or just somethings?
@Rezn8_the_Great @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan The ones you originally responded to	Or maybe even a better explanation as to why numerology proves the validity of multitasking, which is what began this exchange
RT @DeAndresCalm: Yeah sex is cool, but have you ever had someone understand your mind.
@HearClearUS What makes them revolutionary?	I have to presume they don't actually emit a light show
@DavidEmerson33 @Numerologynow You are correct, research takes a lot of work	But I'm just asking some simple questions that are not actually getting answered which is leading me to ask more questions which aren't being answered
I find it incredibly difficult to find ppl capable of answering questions about their own expertise, why?		I'm starting to question how many ppl really know about the stuff they claim to know about
@Rezn8_the_Great @Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan You just told me the same thing he did with different words	But that didn't answer my actual questions
@MurcBlu @DCnumerology Great question	I'd even expand further and ask if the distance from said door plays a role in what ever bad fortune is being alluded to	does the door have to be in the same room?  Same building?	so many questions
@Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow Because if you didn't assume I know what your talking about and explain what you mean I wouldnt have to ask so many questions I		did you not think of that before trying to question my intent with gifs?		It's maybe you were being sarcastic about the scholarship
Lesson for the day	If one calls themselves a numerologist, chances are that are a fraud	A numerologist taught me that	Every insightful
@Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan Your saying that date all the numerology came to you out of the blue?  No books?  no tuortials?  No YouTube videos? You knew and just expanded it?
@Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow a scholarship from where?	Gg33 university?	It's Gary?
@Numerologynow @Adrian_inez_ Well I've influenced you to continue talking to me for close to an hour and you still haven't actually explained how numerology proves that multitasking works		so if/when I reach 20k should I dm you immediately or is there a little slack, say 19,511, just to use a random number?
@mindvirus_ That doesn't actually explain anything, and that dude sounds more condescending then informative	I'm sure I'll find one numerology who can answer this	Thank you though
@Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan You predicted the injury 2012 and when did it come to pass? Days weeks months years?	Are you implying you are pretty good at sports betting?	That's a good insight on knowledge though.  Can't trust stupid ppl to use it for the right reasons, like sports predictions
@UnknownJetsFan @Numerologynow 7 seems to be the busiest number out of all the rest, so I'll put my money there
@UnknownJetsFan @Numerologynow Maybe it's 777, God's number		7 is quite the muktitasker	7 days of the week	7 luminaries	7colors of the rainbow	7 notes in music	7 chakras		777 is also the jackpot number on your scratches and slot machines		Blackjack = 21 = 7 + 7 + 7		711 chains also giving your 7th coffee free
@UnknownJetsFan @Numerologynow Peace wouldn't go with law/order.  Theres no number for chaos?	why do the numbers mean those specific things though? who is determining this?  If Gary never had a teacher is he the one making the rules?
@Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan All of your numerology knowledge just came to you one day?  You are the master?	I find that a little hard to believe	why would u get insulted?  Are you implying I insulted you on purpose?	I'm my experience, ppl typically get insulted when being called out on something true.
@UnknownJetsFan @Numerologynow Given his own logic of most neurologists being frauds, why is he not a fraud?  Because he said so?  	I could say I'm the worlds best ballerina, but that means nothing if I don't walk the walk.
@UnknownJetsFan @Numerologynow Are you implying he came up with the only method of determining how numerology is related to multitasking?	How many unique methods is he holding on to that no other numerologist thought of?	and he learned from some where, how do we know he isn't copying someone else's work?
@DavidEmerson33 @Numerologynow That's fantastic, happy birthday	If you've been studying so long why don't you have your own group?	what do you mean "corrected the imperfections...I. The knowledge." ?		Are you saying they helped regime the knowledge you already had?
@Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow How is 7 energy significant to this?
@Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow learn?  How does gg33 knowledge show this? and how does multitasking help fulfil energy, and what does that actually mean?
@Adrian_inez_ @Numerologynow why would I not be entitled to my own opinion?  But I'm entitled to someone else's as long as it appears to be informed?	why is no one entitled to be ignorant?  Or you implying that ppl should be forced to learn something they don't want to?  and if so, who determines what they
@mindvirus_ What makes it a 7 day?	and why is it best to learn things on 7 days?	I don't think your implying that 7 days are the only days to gain new knowledge, or are you?	Is there more knowledge available on 7 days then non or is that it's easier to gain?
@Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan intellect could understand.  But your not even trying.		Plus your comment on most numerologists being frauds has me a little suspect as to your own validity.I hope to see otherwise one day
@Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan I'm starting to think that you don't actually know either, but that's based off the fact that there is still no explanation as to why numerology matters to multitasking skills.		Unless it's that complex of an answer that it can not be simplified into words that those of lesser
@Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan hoarding knowledge, but that's a tactic of the elite
@Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan understood your work better they would get better and not be frauds.  and perhaps they can improve on some of your ideas. Unless you think you already have all the answers.  and what work is it you do that's different?  Or do I need to read the book to find out?  Unless your just
@Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan 1. Are you implying that I should trust a numerologist who just called most neurologists frauds that he isn't a fraud?	2. I'll take your word for it but I personally haven't seen anything that impressive, but that's just my opinion based off of a few tweets	3.  Maybe if they
@Numerologynow I'm going to need a little more convincing then that
@numerology07 I cannot wait, these are some of my favorite subjects	Especially karma, is like to see some who actually has a perspective on it other then, good things happen to good ppl and bad things happen to bad ppl
@DavidEmerson33 how do you know there'll help?	How do you know their legit?
@DCnumerology What does that mean?	Hiding from what?  death?  Justice? what special about this group that gives them the power of the elite?  and what is gg33 hiding from?  Death? Justice?	Nothing against you personally but my Bullshit meter is red lining right now
@Numerologynow @JheneAiko @AikoSign What is it?
@mindvirus_ Why?
@DCnumerology What gg33 and why is it the only real source of numerology?
@Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan thanks for the hashtag but that wasn't an answer to any question I asked or did it better explain the answer to the original question, and the posts I see on that tag are just more numerology ppl saying things and not explaining why.	It's is that against the rules of numerology?
@DCnumerology and why are they snakes?
@DCnumerology Why?	I noticing a trend of numerology ppl just saying things without proper explanation, why?
@Numerologynow @UnknownJetsFan That question deserves a better answer then this	What does all in the numbers mean?	what do you mean ppl of a certain energy?	Is "very good at multitasking" a separate thought or part of the first sentence?	Not everyone understands that ppl come in different frequencies
@LifeMathMoney Perhaps not for you, but just because you can't do something doesn't mean others can not
@Numerologynow disagree that the "idiots opinion doesn't matter".  I believe all opinions matter, but I also believe it's the true idiots that think otherwise.  But that's just my opinion, you may disagree
@Numerologynow understandable way to anyone familiar or not with your brand of numerology		I'm actually quite interested as I am familiar with some numerology, notice a lot of number guys like to say things without explaining.  I don't believe your one of them though. 		But I will have to
@Numerologynow as familiar with numerology as you		do you mind explaining how numerology proves him/her wrong?  I would say common sense alone proves him/her wrong, but that's just my personal opinion. But you are making a bold claim that you should be able to explain in a way that's easily
@Numerologynow actually perform well at multitasking.  Yes there are others who are capable, some more then others, like in all things.		Myself for example, I'm not completely comfortable with my numerology skills but I get the feeling that most ppl are not as familiar as me and I know I'm not
@Numerologynow In my experience, I have found those who call someone else wrong without a proper explanation don't actually know what their talking about and may actually be the ignorant one of the dispute.		I would agree with the other guy because most ppl are too bogged down mentally to
@JeremyMcLellan @FatherSciarappa guilty of in one form or another?
@JeremyMcLellan @FatherSciarappa allowed to attend.  I've recently been to a mass partially conducted in Latin with a rambunctious child behind me and her mother and grandmother trying to whisper\tell at her.  I remember thinking the same thing, but it's not up to us to judge anyone for behavior we ourselves are
@JeremyMcLellan @FatherSciarappa Christ?  a man?  A mortal being capable of sin?  I think a better question would have been if priests should be allowed in church.  Even Christ said to call no man father for there is only one father.		But in regards to your original question, of course children should be
@JeremyMcLellan @FatherSciarappa all mean well in their own ways.  But I also believe they are all lost in their own ways as well.  But to that point, who among us isn't lost that hasn't found Christ, in what ever form that we choose to believe Christ may exist?  and who is to tell you how the proper way to find
@JeremyMcLellan @FatherSciarappa parishioners into giving away their hard earned $ for a false sense of salvation and/or constantly worrying if their child/relative is the next to become the statistic for a priest who hasnt learned to control his dark urges.  		Thats not a dig in all priests.  I believe they
@JeremyMcLellan @FatherSciarappa I thought you were trying to jokes at first,but I actually agreed with every word you said when I realized you were being justifiably cynical.		But I come more from the Gnostic stand point and don't see a need for the physical church for any other reason then to guilt their
@AndeeCurt I think I get what your saying.  Those revelations and ideas that show them selves not in words but I'm concepts, images, emotions, etc	We on the same page?
@vyqvy 😈
No one makes all of the mistakes.  There's always more https://t.co/g8aJRVbP09
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/l9cam9U18E
RT @MitchHorowitz: On the road with @midnightarchive working on #TheKybalionFilm. Watch this space for news. #occult #magick #hermetic http…
@rubirosajunior A lesson I learned a long time ago is that sometimes you can only save your self	No one is your responsibility, and you don't owe anyone anything	Survival, like all things in life, must be earned
@orchidslantern Mayhem
RT @EsotericExposal: The Path of Knowledge: Philosophy, Symbology, Mythology, Mystical, Science and Art (free pdf ebook) https://t.co/c82UJ…
@jeepthing96 It only gets better the darker your willing to go	Just gotta remember that the dark illuminates the light	😉
RT @MindTendencies2: Sometimes the sound of your broken heart awakens you
Well not for everyone.  My cool isn't the same as your cool.  I hope so though,cause My cool is way cooler then the cool I hear others trying to sell		But that's just me
The universe told me things are about to get cool.
RT @taylorburrowes: A couple of weeks ago there was a day that all I wanted to do was watch the snow fall 		All day long		There should be m…
@PyramidRealm But the irony is that it speaks to us in mataphors	Takes a little practice to see and hear it all though
RT @MindSovereignty: To be able to love everyone around you, even if they’re strangers, is probably the most blissful and liberating experi…
@vyqvy In my experience embracing the dark side helps in navigating the gray side.  Thats where the real parties at	But that's my opinion
This https://t.co/YNsgpOHEh9
@cindygrlboss @AudreyKitching Because you have to feel the bad before you can learn to get over it.  let your negative mind take you where it wants.  	Look back on those mistakes and ask yourself what you can learn from the experience to avoid it in the future.	But that's my tactic.  It's not 4 everyone
@robininthegreen @AndeeCurt Whats holding you back?
@SayItValencia I wish I had the time and space to write a proper explanation of the events of this last week.	Today was the unbelievable
@orchidslantern You can actually condense it all down to the worship of money
RT @PyramidRealm: This is why I do what I do. Every time a person speaks their truth they are expanding the global consciousness to prepare…
@aug_tellez @J4LYN I like where your mind is going with this
@MindTendencies3 @MindTendencies2 and the failure will teach you how to succeed the next time
@Numerology2019 I chose to stop owning money months ago	I've been curious how this is going to go
@MindSovereignty All of them	I can't disprove any
RT @MatKid95: Confident in connecting the dots that may or may not really be there.
@MsThisPlane Card 13 of the major arcana is death.  The end of something old and rebirth of a new cycle in life	If you aren't in the middle of a shame up in your life, I sense one coming soon	Not a bad thing, but it might be a little scary at first, but you will be fine.
RT @xirtempest: Being SUPER sensitive to energies can be draining if you don't practice mental and emotional grounding. This means to stabi…
@taylorburrowes I have come to recognize this behavior incredibly well	In my experience the best tactic I've come up with is to let those ppl tire themselves out	Theres no reason to argue as truth doesn't need defending.  But you have to recognize that your truth isn't the same as mine
RT @orchidslantern: Knowing people are reading my books right now is of course what I want, but at the same time it's kind of terrifying.
@jeepthing96 Exactly.  Next time your out and about, pay attention to how many ppl are stuck living in the past
@xdotsi Id like to see a global revolt of ppl tired of being told to act like animals	But I think I dream too big sometimes
Only human
Don't trust the ppl you think you should	They closed they are, the more of your soul they want
The world's been dead for a long time	The things you see walking around outside are just echoes of the past
How do so you plan on going?I	Whats your end game?  A career?  A degree? Some mundane achievement?  What do you want?	to say things on Twitter but live a different life offline?	do you want to change the world or let someone else do it for you, like the other monkeys?
RT @MrAstrotheology: Call out for some help to any Melbournites who may be able to help me with a small favor, it will involve traveling to…
another?  Because it's yours?  	Not an excuse.  8 billion monkeys, 1 isn't any more special then the next.  Well maybe	Bad monkeys get no bananas
Only human	Ever look at the monkeys walking around and wonder how they survived for so long?	Ever wonder why there are so many?  How could animals that can barely think for themselves actually progress this far in life?  	What gives you power?  why is your meat suit better then
Your a fucking phony	You fraud	You liar 	You cheat	Tell the truth for once	How many ppl listen to your lies everyday?	How many ppl just come to you to Tell you that you are right.  enough to make you believe you are.	enough to make them think they are being led		Ode to me	😈
@Silverybubble @Timburgh From my perspective, life would be rather full of we all didn't have one
alone.  I'm tired.  I'm pain.  I'm memory.  I'm no where.  Im up.  I'm in the closet.  I'm hate.  I'm you.  I'm going to end this.  I'm going to keep going.  I'm going to soar.
friend.  I'm a lover. I'm a killer.  I'm nothing.  I'm afraid.  I'm no one.  I'm the explosion.  I'm the truth.  I'm lies.  I'm the way.  I'm lost.  I'm the life.  I'm death.  I am darkness.  Im lightless.  Im hopeless.  I'm cold.  I'm broken.  I'm angry.  I'm everything.  I'm
mom.  I'm your creepy aunt.  I'm your loving uncle.  I'm hollowed out.  I'm high.  I'm sober.  I'm drunk.  I have cancer.  I gave someone AIDS.  I drink poison.  I m poisonous.  I'm dying.  I'm asleep.  I'm in a nightmare.  I'm a monster.  I'm the devil.  I'm an angel.  I'm your
skull.  I'm going to ride a deer and not thanking after I get where I'm going.  I'm not polite.  Im not nice.  I'm not enlightened.  I'm not whole.  I'm not well.  I'm not sick.  I'm not alive.  I'm a liar.  I'm a cheat.  I'm a fraud.  I'm a loser.  I'm a bad dad.  I'm your bad
steal your job after I steal your car.  I'm going to set my house on fire.  I'm going piss in my father's ashes.  I'm going to do an upper decker in your toilet.  I'm going to double dip my chips.  I'm going to bang my head into the wall, over and over until I can see inside my
kill all the little fishies.  I'm going to kick a dog and flay a cat.  I'm going to plug up a dolphins blow hole.  I'm going to sleep with your wife and your husband.  I'm going to fart on your tooth brush.  I'm going drink all your booze and smoke all your weed.  I'm going to
I'm not special. I'm not smart.  I'm not beautiful.  I'm not going to amount to anything. I smell.  I'm lazy.  I'm retarded.  I'm evil.  I'm the cause of all your problems.  I should never have been born.  I'm going to kill myself.  I'm going to burn the world down.  I'm going to
@peachstrology My soul tells me I'm suppose to push the button that wipes most ppl out, unless nature does it first
RT @paulocoelho: “I knew who I was this morning, but I've changed a few times since then.” 		― Lewis Carroll, born 27 January
RT @MindSovereignty: It’s weird how one moment could change your perspective forever 		All of a sudden you realize you’ve been looking at t…
RT @orchidslantern: Lust for result will always get in the way of progress because it is rooted in attachment.
@PyramidRealm I would say that about ALL mental disorders	But that's just based on my own experience with my own issues.
@Silverybubble @Timburgh Depends on your perspective
@trey_wing6 Never apologize and never feel bad
RT @MindTendencies2: Your apology becomes fake when you apologize for being real
@beast_anti Sounds like your doing something wrong
@trey_wing6 Don't listen to the voice telling you to ignore them when they do appear
RT @Timburgh: Once you enter the Rabit Hole the only way out is though the other end.	You can never fully turn back after you got a taste o…
@taylorburrowes In my experience, most will go with the self sabotage	My theory is that it's fear based.  The mind creates a series of negative scenarios in the person that they can't bring themselves to reconcile. Eventually leading them back to old patterns of thinking.
RT @orchidslantern: Maybe our universe is a simulation to find out how long it would take us to figure out it's a simulation.
RT @vyqvy: when you identify with infinity,	nothing can harm you.	https://t.co/B8M64UQ9e2
@Philosophi_Cat @taylorburrowes The word nice comes from the Latin word nescius, which means ignorant		I define a good person as one who recognizes that they are capable of all the worst things they can imagine, but choose not to because those actions do not fall into their personal category of what is good
@taylorburrowes my interaction with men.  I have never personally met an exception.
@taylorburrowes manipulate her to be my new mommy"		I hope your holding your self up to better standards then that.  But I believe the majority of men are weak minded and easily controlled by a pretty face and nice figure (subjective criteria I know).  But that's based on my opinion based off of
@taylorburrowes What's past prime mean?	I picture an over 40 barfly with a couple kids, and a smoking habit	I don't think you fit that criteria		and what tests are there to pass?	The only test I can think of for the average monkey minded male human is, "do I want to see her naked" or "can I
@AscendantPower @taylorburrowes it builds characterI	But that's just my opinion
@AscendantPower @taylorburrowes to be like no one else	But I also believe in learning from my own mistakes and trying to never ask for helpin	I learned that ppl dont typically like to return favors if you ask them.  But that's my experience and why I rely mainly on myself unless I really need the help.  I feel
@AscendantPower @taylorburrowes dismiss all disagreeable advice.  	unless you plan on being like someone else of course.  That's cool too.  I don't think there's alot of ppl that can't really think that big though.  but that's ok, there's More room for me to think as big as I want		Maybe I'm weird, but I prefer
@AscendantPower @taylorburrowes You should take advice from more then ppl who you think are "proven sucesful".  	Take everyone's advice, even the ppl you disagree with.  Just because you disagree with some of it doesn't mean you'll disagree with all of it, and there may be pearls of wisdom you miss if you
RT @blkgod9: I don’t ever think you should hold yourself back or not speak on things that are within you .. it’s healthy to be able to expr…
@blkgod9 Absolute	I learned this one the hard way today	But the lessons learned were invaluable
all of us.  I'll even supply the bananas.		You don't have be like me, but I'm not going to be like you just because you won't 		This isn't all about you and it's not all about me		It's about not being a selfish asshole ALL THE FUCKING TIME!!!!!
ppl I live with and I see it with every one else	Is it too much to ask for a little bit of human interaction that isn't revolving around hate or sex?	Just for a little bit.  There has to be some kind of common ground that you monkeys can comprehend that is mutually beneficial to
I've seen the lowest of human behavior	Even after another one of you die, you can still find a way to make it about you	Who is lying	Who I is stealing	who is playing stupid	Who is crazier then who		why oh why cant you ppl just be fucking cool with each other		I see it with the
@JayLaGrant I'm starting to realize that the only way to do this is to get away from everyone causing the problems
@Ray17278912 But that won't last long either
@Ray17278912 Unless your just looking for attention.
@Ray17278912 Then y r you making a spectacle of urself then	Ive been in ur spot be4 but I kept it to myself	You r either looking 4 attention or you need help.	If you need help them just ask	Not trying to come off the wrong way but I don't think anyone is going to give you wut ur looking 4
self to be able to Inspire those kinds of feelings in someone else one day		It feels like it would be enjoyable
is equally fortunate to be with some one able to inspire him to be exceptional enough to inspire you to say those words in the first place		It's not often you see that kind of emotion evoked between 2 ppl.  You can really feel it when you read it.		You give me hope for my future
That's very encouraging to see someone inspired to say those words in that order		I have a saying, that words are magic, that's why it's called spellings		You are very fortunate to have a partner that is capable of bringing that out of you, that was beautiful		But your partner https://t.co/KR2cvPi2hq
@tiakolbert @taylorburrowes I'm an exceptional man 😉
@taylorburrowes anymore.  	Relationship desolved to nothing but I also believe we were both miserable because we held on too tightly to something that wasn't meant to be.  	But I also believe that EVERYTHING happens for a reason
@taylorburrowes I lived that life for a very long time	My solution was to walk away from working for someone else ever again so I could focus on what I wanted to do so I could spend what time I needed to go heal my relationship	It didn't work out exactly how I planned but I'm not miserable
@tiakolbert @taylorburrowes That's very awesome	I'm glad to hear that	I was just thinking, we are about 2 or 3weeks from hitting our one year anniversary since we met
@MindTendencies3 @MindTendencies2 might not 	and I could completely wrong but im the type of person that needs to say the things that come to my mind when they do come to me to the person/s their intended for	Every thing happens for a reason, even the tweets we and the thoughts they invoke but that's my belief
@MindTendencies3 @MindTendencies2 reason you worded it the way you did.  	I could be wrong and I really don't care for this to get heated, which I know it won't between us, but I get a strong sense of a separate reason for this post	I feel like it's to get someone's attention.  Could be someone specific, but it
@MindTendencies3 @MindTendencies2 I would say we all do,just that not many ppl are conscious enough to use it properly or understand it	But maybe I'm wrong and I am a special case	And I'm not going to lie, it went off when I read this, but not because I think your bullshitting but I feel like there is a specific
@staceiee Ppl only receive as much respect as they deserve/earn	Being a girlfriend or a woman is not an exception, unless that's not your implying, though it looks that way	But I am aware that goes both ways		By chance, are you having boyfriend issues at the moment?
I asked someone once, "do you believe everything happens for a reason" ?	They responded, "no"	I think they failed to realize that the reason I asked the question was for a response	I think they were just afraid to admit that there's a chance they may not be in 100% control
@MindTendencies2 That's a very interesting and very accurate summation of the process
@taylorburrowes their lives so I can't say more then what I've observed. But I would presume that if they were, they wouldnt be were they are.  But who am I to judge.  I've never experienced it,so I suppose it's possible I may have overlooked it and not realized it
@taylorburrowes In my head I envision two ppl who are 100% open, emotionally and mentally and spiritually.  By being 100% authentic 100% of the time	Are there authentic ppl in the world?	All the ppl I've ever interacted with wear a mask, or several,that goes for their partners too	I don't live
@rubirosajunior @Tibor__ Then can you explain what he meant,he talked over my head.  and being that you have been communicating since 7 minutes out of the womb, perhaps you can dumb it down for me.	Especially what he meant by the "vague" definition of the word technique in context to how I was using it
@Tibor__ @rubirosajunior me you are capable of doing so in a clear and concise manner that would is understandable, at least me, and i can't imagine many other	But I could be wrong
@Tibor__ @rubirosajunior I didn't ask about those things	What kind of sales do you do by the way?I	You did not define technique	My definition of the word is quite precise to the context that I meant it, a skill	something pharoah claimed to have, in the art of communication and neither of you have shown
@Tibor__ @rubirosajunior What kind of sales?
@Tibor__ @rubirosajunior I would disagree	How do you trade w/o communicating?	U need 2 know wut the other person is interested in, and if you have something worth trading for it	all of which involves some form of communication	Interpersonal skills r communication skills	Y don't you think their realated?
The club of ppl who call themselves Satanists because a guy one time decided he knew what satanism means and wrote a book
I think your missing the point.  Here calling CoS Satan a birch and that the Catholic church has more credibility then you guys.	But that's interpretation	Think of it like this, the Catholic church would be the spiritual den of the actual religion of satanism as opposed to https://t.co/3nGHYdkhf0
@Tibor__ @rubirosajunior Someone's unique way of doing something	What does it mean to you	Good question by the way	Not many ppl are smart enough to ask someone their personal definition of a word
@Tibor__ @rubirosajunior I've don't sell anything 	I trade
@Tibor__ @rubirosajunior Pharoh said fuck the book.  I assumed he was skilled in communicating with others	I was curious what his techniques were, because I talk to ppl all day and if he's as good as he implies then perhaps he could teach me something.  I barter of course.	I can do cool shit
@tiakolbert @taylorburrowes Same gentleman you told me about over the summer?	Or another lucky man
@tiakolbert @taylorburrowes Stop kissing frogs lol	Their gross, unless it's the ones that get you high, then it's ok	But that's my opinion
@rubirosajunior @Tibor__ Bait?	You came at me	You can't explain what you meant?	But your right, it was bait to see if you'd make a bigger fool of yourself	It worked
@rubirosajunior @Tibor__ More advice, be mindful of accusing someone of dribbling when you own knowledge of the English language seems to be in question	But who knows, I think you only talk like to put on the persona of something you are not.	But I could be wrong
@rubirosajunior @Tibor__ I would actually agree on the contradiction part.  But that's because I can admit when I'm wrong.  I'm not afraid of that		But I don't u understand what you saying.	I asked the other guy his tactic	And I have you advice not to use ppl.	What contradiction are you seeing?
@rubirosajunior @Tibor__ What is talking like a bumba mean	What don't you like about what I said?	I would love a clear explanation that's understandable if you wouldn't mind.	There is more then one way to do anything	and I'm asking what his technique for talking to ppl is	I thought I was clear, no?
@taylorburrowes proven wrong
@taylorburrowes the mental condition of most ppl there in, I don't think I am 		But what is exceptional?	I consider it to be someone with a dream, but more so, someone who is actually making it happen instead of making excuses for why he can't, like most	But that's my opinion	I would love to be
@taylorburrowes they think they are	Too busy blaming everyone else for their problems and refusing to look at themselves	I can say that because I was one, a phoney and a coward, and in the perspective of some, I still am	But hey, I could be wrong		Considering the state of the world though, and
@taylorburrowes Sorry if this is a double reply but it's a multi part comment and I'm not seeing the first one		100% dead on	But I dont think exceptional men exist.	some claim to be 	And some can almost admit their not	but I've only met phonies and cowards who aren't worth a fraction of what
This I can say is 100% fact	At least it is for me https://t.co/kyi4mbVWqH
@rubirosajunior @Tibor__ Don't use ppl	It will comeback to bite you	It always does
@Tibor__ @rubirosajunior There's never just one way to do anything.	But maybe my guy might have a technique I can incorporate with mine,or gel me improve the skills I already have	I also don't think my way is the only way but I like learning cause you never know what you can learn from someone else
@xirtempest I was just having conversation with my brother in this	But when you "pull the bandaide quick", ppl need time to recover, but they may never.	sometimes it's best to just walk away and let them figure it out on their own	But that's my opinion	I stopped sugar coating a long time ago
@rubirosajunior What were you saying to ppl at 7 minutes out of the womb	also what's your tactic for appealing to ppls interests?  Doo you mean learning about them through conversation?	I talk to ppl all the time and it's tough to get some to open up	You might have a better tactic then me
@orchidslantern This was a tricky one	Though the formless can be scarier, they can be confrolled	The things of form are less scary but you can't control them.  so the only thing that is scary about them is how far they will go to prove the point that you can't control them	but Thats my opinion
@tweetmommybop know any better sometimes
@tweetmommybop nuts in yours		But that's not a bad thing unless I'm not allowed to have my own opinion, but I don't think anyone would say that that is the case.  But I could be wrong.  Lol get offended very easily over things they cannot comprehend.		It's not their fault, they just don't
@tweetmommybop There are too many to list as I believe it's the insanity of every person I follow that teaches me how to NOT be like them.	But that's just my opinion	Just because I think your all nuts doesn't mean you are in your own perspective of realities, only mine	Just like I may appear
@LivPsy The word nice comes from The Latin word nescius, which means ignorant
RT @EsotericExposal: There is no teacher like your own experience.
@Alyssa_Milano person claiming the right to take away your rights	But who have them that right?  The person willing to have their rights taken away. Smh	Humans really are stupid animals
@Alyssa_Milano What I find more concerning then bigotry is why humans believe they have a right to anything	Too have a right implies that it is something that can be taken away by who ever grants that right	and if you believe someone can take something from someone else, your just as bad as the
@orchidslantern Same	I envision a techno-mystical future one day	Final fantasy comes to mind lol	Magitek
@orchidslantern 100%	I believe ever person is waking up to some form of spirituality or another.  But we get so stuck up on the drama and stresses of everyday like that we ignore the call, or maybe not ignore, but confuse it for something it's not, like calling it a mental disorder
@orchidslantern but I'm biased lol
@orchidslantern they don't want to let go of.  But that's the fun, at least I think, of all of it.  Throwing out old ideas new ones or figuring out a way to marry the old with the new to come up with something completely unique	I think The world needs more thinkers.  Especially overthinkers,
@orchidslantern I don't think I have heard it	I'll have to check it out.  I like getting other ppls perspectives.  Especially when they think of things I haven't tried it thought of on my own.  	I believe too many ppl are scared of other ppls ideas, for fear of it conflicting with something
@orchidslantern believer that these philosophies/sciences are going to make their way back into the mainstream sooner then later, in some form or another	Well at least used in a less oppressive manner
@orchidslantern codified for me the notion that everything happens for a reason.	Reading it was one thing.  Learning to see the principles in the world was an experience like no other.	Makes you feel like a Jedi sometimes lol	But that's something is like to see taught in schools one day	I'm a
@orchidslantern Every time I think of the kyballion I get tingles	You can probably relate, but book gave names and structure to thoughts and concepts I contemplated before even knowing hermetic was a word lol	But like it's said in the intro, you didn't find this book by chance	That book really
@orchidslantern at it like this, thelema just is.  I see it as something that's always been there, Crowley just have it a name
@orchidslantern Exactly that, subjective spirituality	and constantly evolving with the practicioner comsciousness	I joined a fb group just to see what others thought and it was mostly Crowley worshippers and, in my opinion, cheap rip offs who use the law as a mantra, not a philosophy	but I look
@orchidslantern dip your toes into hermetics?  Now that's something else. I'd even call it my specialty
@orchidslantern general concepts of what it means to me as a whole and how I use it in my life.  I'll shoot you a link if your interested.  I can talk about mysticism ALL day.  Well, most days I do lol		I'll presume you dabble in the other fun stuff too, astrology, cards, magic, etc	Did you ever
@orchidslantern doesn't mean I think their doing it wrong.		That's the inherent beauty of it that I think some "me too'ers" miss.  You can practice how ever the fuck you want.  I actually just did a video for a friend on my philosophy on "do as thou wilt". It's a little long, 2hrs, but it's my
@orchidslantern occultists today.	Like Crowley, levi, blavatsky, heindel, etc. Innovators.	what can I say, some kids wanna grow up and work regular jobs, I wanted to be a full time mystic.	But what I was saying about thelemites.  and don't get me wrong.  just because I don't agree with some
@orchidslantern I spent the last year dedicated to understanding as much of as the occult and esoteric traditions as I can.	I, at a time, was attempting to follow down a similar path to Crowleys.  Not so much as a disciple but more of a contemporary.  		My opinion is that there aren't any great
@orchidslantern Interesting	I have a very deep respect for many of Crowley's philosophies	He is a very big influence on my own studies into mysticism	I've talked to some thelemites that, I felt, didn't understand it as it was intended, but that's just me and my own understanding of crowleys mind
@SadityyyB meet one who actually works properly.  Use them up for what you need and toss them away.
@SadityyyB But consider who your asking the question  to. The idiots who your "giving it up" to, who's own insecurities are driving you to ask that question .		But I suggest, who gives a fuck what they think.  Men are just toys who need someone to control them to even work, and I've yet to
@SadityyyB why is everything about sex? 	Do ppl ever actually connect on an intellectual level?	I got this theory women are more sexed up then they think men are.	Or maybe it's just weak men that make women feel like they have to be that way		But your question.	If it's right, it's right
@DCnumerology Why does it mean that?
RT @xirtempest: Being in deep, meditative contemplation is like your spirit and brain are making love with each other and amplifying God-li…
@lurenathalie @norfshore_ doesn't mean that I don't have something to learn from what their saying.	Next time someone says some shit to you, play a game in your head.  Make believe they are saying it for your benefit	It takes practice but the better you get, the less ppl have to say	But that's how I go
@lurenathalie @norfshore_ Sometimes what we consider hateful is actually something that we need to hear about ourselves	I'll ask you this,if it wasn't at least partially true why would you let it get to you	Ppl say shit at me all the time, their all correct though, from their perspectives that it	But that
@iamcardib woodchipper idea isn't that bad
@iamcardib Uninspiring "celebrities" talking nonsense all the time doesn't help.  But I don't judge them, look at their audience.  It's a fucking zoo out there.  Sometimes I wonder if it's more the regular ppl that are the ones fucking things up for the ppl who can actually think	Maybe the
@iamcardib What kind of disgusting things are they telling you	I've been talking to quite a few about putting kids in woodchippers	I didn't think it was the worst idea, kids can be jerks, but so can adults	But I think it's a lot more then just the president fucking this country  up
@JackBatt_ @rubirosajunior worth having someone who does it all? If not why?	my advice, so what you know you need too	If you need assistance in that dm me	I specialize in helping folks to get reacquainted with themselves
@JackBatt_ @rubirosajunior that feeling, well I get a sense that's what you think		But think like this.  You are now doing the same thing to someone	now you can't hold it against anyone for doing it to you		But your not hopeless	Sounds like you need a break to get your shit together		Do you feel you aren't
@JackBatt_ @rubirosajunior You want your cake and to eat it too	I dig that,I'm the same way	You said he loves you	But do you love him?	Sounds like you are more afraid that you won't find a man who will satisfy both your physical and emotional needs	Some one fucked you over in the past very badly? I know
@DCnumerology also remember that they only do what you let them
@orchidslantern All very awesome avenues of inspiration	Any specific mystic traditions that catches your eye more then another?	I like to dabble
@AudreyKitching I don't think I've cried and screamed this much and so hard in my life	It was fucking amazing 	I cried on my mom for almost a half hour 	Since the full moon I don't even feel like the same person
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/exXd8VLBbl WEEKLY LEO : Desire to re-connect with you properly (but not right now)
RT @ChurchofSatan: You sound like the kind of person who would go to a pool hall in a bathing suit and complain about all the people playin…
😆	I'm surprised how many ppl mistake CoS as anything more then a parody for monkeys to cling to so they can feel like being different is different	I would love to see a real CoS replace this jokers https://t.co/PodhZaT12D
cuz sometimes even when your weird, you gotta get weird		 https://t.co/TpTVp0uwjD
@taylorburrowes I might be misunderstanding, would you mind being more specific?	I over think a lot	I feel negative criticism helps me adapt and grow	If not no worries	Just thought I'd ask
@obscuree_ Tell the ppl I'm making them with what I'm doing	Working off a tablet	Auto correct is a bitch
@obscuree_ What I'm doing because I can come off weird sometimes.  But if I ever over step, just say so and I stop and disappear 	Easy peasy
@obscuree_ Hope you don't mind I said that to him	I don't like ppl making jokes ladies trying to be serious	sometimes it comes off weird but I look out for all my internet lady friends, your not the only one	But I was inspired by my ex to set up boundies.  and tell the ppl I'm making ...
@chris_coats_ @obscuree_ But = bin	Take care of your shit	Shit = anything making you flirt with girls you may or may not know on Twitter	Unless I'm wrong and this is some inside joke lol	Just cause I'm psychic does t mean I'm always right
@chris_coats_ @obscuree_ Some women have a tendency
@chris_coats_ @obscuree_ Know their pretty, they will make sure you know.	do you have a girlfriend by the way. Cause I'm psychic. and for some strange reason, I feel like there's a big in the oven.	Not cool homes.  I hope I'm wrong	I did that once as it fucked my life bad.	I hope your not like me
@chris_coats_ @obscuree_ she probably heard it all the time and your trying to come up with something catchy and original.	Spoiler.  You all so the same thing.  Ignore that she's cute for a minute as think about the words she's saying.  Some. Have a tendency to be literal.  If they want to...
@chris_coats_ @obscuree_ Perhaps I'm missing something in translation	what does a game of Marco polo have to do with what she is saying?	Trolling? Or you just trying to flirt with a pretty girl.	I respect the flirting cause she's cute, but just be a big boy and tell her. It do you realize that...
RT @AudreyKitching: Don’t worry about other people’s karma, that’s a job for the universe.
@realDonaldTrump It don't talk nonsense when I run in a few years.	You can have all the credit.  Just swallow the ego.	q sent me
@realDonaldTrump Great economic story would be that no man woman or child has to work again.  Free to follow what ever dream they want.	Step up your game, get an advisor like me or step aside.  But I dig your style so I'll give you a chance.	Wanna really change the world dm me
@AudreyKitching I've been acquainted with terribly smart ppl via twitter. You rank in the top handful. 	I believe you already believe that statement just as much as me	But the universe told me to say it to you	But I listen to everything it tells me	Like you	Later gator
@AudreyKitching and we are the universe, as above so below, as with so without, or no?	so in essence, are we too not agents karma?I	I hear a lot of ppl say "everything happens for a reason".  Sometimes I wonder if they believe it as much as they claim.	I'm not saying you don't...
@taylorburrowes Well I mean , relearning
@taylorburrowes If I ever come off the wrong way or seen to be over stepping g a boundry,please let me know.  I do t mean to.  I'm still learning how to behave
@taylorburrowes We live in a society where 99.9999999% of the ppl are afraid to speak their mind.  Their real mind, at least.  I like to make sure.  I freak the fuck out of ppl sometimes.  But I'm stopped being afraid of myself and just do and say what I think and think what I feel	So...
@taylorburrowes But you seem like a smart lady so I'm sure I'm just preaching to the choir, I do that alot.	But that's only because I hate presumming with asking the question 	Then it's just assuming
@taylorburrowes Monkey minded among us make questionable jokes.  Hope I'm not coming off to invasive.  I wonder that sometimes.  But you are the first person. I'm admitting that too.  	I myself am a huge fan of boundaries and just want to acknowledge that if you want me to stop, just say so..
@taylorburrowes Dr t, like I said earlier, I hope you don't mind my obsessive like responses.	Your an intelligent women and you stimulate my mind.	I consider myself rather intelligent,and I don't care for ppl to not give your words the attention the deserve.	Especially when the ...
@OldCraig @taylorburrowes Obi wan said to like	I'm working from a shifty tablet, apologies for the grammer
@OldCraig @taylorburrowes It don't work like that	24/7 = no job and during sleep.  Dreams are very useful.  Jung can tell you that if you don't believe me.	I may not have made it clear, I was an asshole.
@OldCraig @taylorburrowes The ppl calling you an asshole, are right.	But that's the name of the game.  Figuring out why.	But like all addiction, the first step is acceptance	Like obi wan said to you, "you have taken you first step, into a much larger world"	Congratz
@OldCraig @taylorburrowes and pro tip.  Don't expect to change over night.  T don't work looks that	Took me 7 months of 24/7 self exploration to do that	But I take shit to the extremes.	Plus I was curious why everyone thought I was an asshole.	Turns out, believe it or not, as Dr t so eloquently put...
@OldCraig @taylorburrowes Ready for the secret?	Dont tell anyone I told you		Rdy?	Just do the exact opposite of what you are currently doing.	It won't work on everyone you want it to, but it will work on the ones you need it to to get you to a point that you can impress the ones you want	Make sense?	Good
@OldCraig @taylorburrowes Are you making a joke or are you implying your an assholes for being a manipulator? Or the one being manipulated?		Both would be valid arguments.f		But I would throw in a 3rd option as well, cuz I'm cool	You can change	From being an asshole I mean.	It's easy peasy, living' greasy
@Coinbagger1 @taylorburrowes But this is all just my opinion based on my observations of ppl.  I don't have any formal training.  I recognize I could be wrong. But that doesn't mean I'm not going to try.  Cause what if I'm right?
@Coinbagger1 @taylorburrowes Monkey see, monkey do		Just like that, it takes time.  sometimes a long time.	But eventually with a little bit of love and care.  It'll spread like cancer.  Like the good kind	and before anyone gets huffy over my making a cancer joke, my father died of lung cancer 3 years ago
@Coinbagger1 @taylorburrowes where they actually loved themselves enough to be able to love someone with manipulation of any kind. 	and before anyone can make jokes about cav when it something else juvenile.  Hear me out.	It only takes 2 ppl to make the change.  All the othe r little piggies play...
@Coinbagger1 @taylorburrowes But I believe it's because we are trained that way from birth.	We just copy the behavior that we observe. And that goes for those before us and before them and all the way back to a time when every person on the plan acted the opposite of what they do now
@AJA_Cortes @taylorburrowes But all that talk is my own opinion that I learned from my own life experiences.  No one gets to tell me I'm wrong about that.  But if love your insight I how yours is different.  You might be able to reach me something I don't know.	Cheers
@AJA_Cortes @taylorburrowes But you have to realize they both play the opposite game from one another	And most of the time neither one realized it.  But that's due to societal brainwashing.  I'm sure we can all agree that that fucked EVERYONE up
@AJA_Cortes @taylorburrowes You have to on constant watch of the other though.  They trick you with mind games.  subtle clues and hints to confuse you. But if your carefully you can learn to do it right back and beat them at their own game and restore balance.	That goes for me. and women both
@AJA_Cortes @taylorburrowes Their both manipukaters , just different kinds	Each one plays off the weaknesses of the other	Think of it like this, but in a much broader spectrum.	One plays the dom, one plays the sub	Once in a while the roles reverse and things go downhill
@xirtempest No one deserve	We are not here	We are here to learn		Laptop broke and struggling with a kindle fire	Pc is Mia as well	Bare with the grammar	That goes for everyone
@xirtempest Preaching to the choir
@xirtempest No deserved anything	You must earn it, just like they do	We are out here to be given things.  We are out here to learn how earn them.  And that goes for love as well.	What we say for others is what we think about ourselves.	But your one of the smartest chicks I know	I'm just...
@End_TheFederalR I'm actually surprised	Im surprised those who define themselves as pro America would be for this	Don't transgender deserve to die as much as any other soldier?	I think so	They all deserve to die equally	Just depends how much you think soldiers deserve to die	They all die the same
@DeionsPage Wanna play who's weirder?	I've been looking for weird friends	But I only call it weird so humans understand me	Weird describes humans, in my opinion	I think Their a lot weirder then me
@roxi_usa @Dani_MB @realDonaldTrump Gums=humans	Wouldnt be defenseless		And before you call me what ever petty names your think of so badly	Who's the real sick one, me for saying it or your God who made you weak, since birth or you for believing your weak?	I'm just calling it like I see it	Becuz, I earned the right
@roxi_usa @Dani_MB @realDonaldTrump I think the problem is that gums s have this notion that they deserve to live	Their right, to an extent	But you have to earn it	I just like any other animal	But you don't have a right to anything unless you earn i	If babies had the right to live, they would by be defenseles s
@Pareggiamoicon1 @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey I agree	Cause your vision of the future might be wrong
@Pareggiamoicon1 @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey https://t.co/S5doqAWrLo
@d_nurnberg @AJSaun15 @L0ts0fF @Malamaca1599 @Disney @Jack_Morrissey so they say	But I don't believe anything I can disprove
@tiakolbert Cancers = good ppl	Taurus= dog food	Lol	There not all bad though, I just like fucking with them	all the most annoying women in my life are Taurus	I married one and I almost married another with the same birthday,my sister is one and so is my brother	They haunt my life lol
RT @Marayerba: Hey! This is an example of Overly-friendly rudeness that's really awkward to direct at someone you don't have a relationship…
@Marayerba and it wasnt awkward	I meant every word
@tiakolbert https://t.co/SovwsGgWfp
A magic trunk full of gold could not have made me happier then this	Perfect example of why ALL Tauruses need to be zodiocided 		Or maybe instead of being wiped out, they just need to get the sticks out of their asses, but that's just my opinion https://t.co/9kp5aJKdzw
@Marayerba Can you explain what you expected from commenting on a tweet about zodiociding all taurus's, confessing to be a taurus? 😆		U came 2 me, not the other way around, correct?	Did my original post mention @Marayerba?  No it did not	Your the one trying to get my attention	Dirty taurus
Do our own thing.  And granted, not everyone is aspiring to be the anti chrst, that' my dream, but I would like to have some fun destroying the world, hopefully with you 😇😈	Take as much time as you need, but don't take too long	Think about your wildest desires😉
Because in my experience, strangers have my back more then my own family, so I was t to give back because I never want to see anyone go through what I did to get here, plus then you'd know my secrets and try to steal my power from me.  But that's the thing, we can all
am going where I need with or with out you	If it's not you it's going to be someone else, so think about that	And remember, this is NOT an overnight plan	It takes time	But all of the ppl in my real life failed their assignments so I'm giving the same offer to strangers
I'll make it happen. I don't use money because it's part of a system that I will not partake in unless I have to and right now I am in a position in my life where I do not need to	so here's your homework assignment	It's up to you, I don't give a shit because I
Write it on my own.  The more the merrier.  I have lots of ideas and I like the idea of a few ppl writing their unique version the same story, kind of like paganism, if that makes sense	And that goes to everyone	Where do you want to go in life?
I think this falls under the 1st ammendment.  and most ppl are just going to think I'm a loon.  That's why I'm not really concerned about saying what I'm saying.	Oh and any of my writer friends out there, wanna be famous?  I have a really awesome story but I don't have time to
I don't have the connections but I know ALL the things to say and how to act.  I'm more of an idea guy.	So if anyone wants to set the world on fire but me up.  I have lots of free time.  Unless I get arrested for treason, which is also possible.  But then again
with me	Anyone wanna be the next pope, I really don't want to, I like women too much, but as pope I could change that rule?  Does that sound crazy?  Schedule a video chat with me some time and I'll let you decide.rule	any politician want to be the next pres?
But right now I'm trying to figure out how to infiltrate the system.  I was thinking about going real sneaky and becoming a priest, long story but trust I am confident enough that I believe I could do it, and work my way up the good chain.  Or if I had a priest friend to work
You really want?  Are you with the ppl you want to be with?  Why?  Because your stuck?  So was I	Ann's for those that are content, sorry but this isn't about you.  I hope I can make things better for you by destroying everything you love.  	Does this sound weird?
So why do I want to bring it all down?  Because I see just how fucked up we all are.  and we all are fucked up because no a single one of our governments are for us	Look at your life.  Is that what you want to do?  Are you as happy as you want to be?  Are you doing what
All ideas are welcome.  I believe I am intelligent enough to at least come close to pulling this off.	But again, I'm just putting t he intent out there so you can't say I didn't say anything.  Kind of how they do to us, but I'm being literal
As of this moment I am making it publicly known, this way no one can say I didn't warn you, but I am devoting my life to overthrowing the United States government and every other failed system around the world.	I don't know how I'm going to accomplish this get so any and
Wanna get weird?	I do and I don't have the ability to make a proper video just yet, but I want to make a confession because I hear that the government watches everything we do.	Good that reason I'm going to make a confession because I feel now's as good a time as ever.
@AJSaun15 @L0ts0fF @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey 100% with you there	Not to mention that text doesn't show intent for shit	I've actually been debating whether I should just do videos for all of my replies to ppl 	Not that I think about it, thats probably a really good idea	I do have a lot of free time
@d_nurnberg @AJSaun15 @L0ts0fF @Malamaca1599 @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Granted this is a bigger topic for me to expand on them what I can in a few posts	so I don't expect ppl to hop on the bang wagon just yet
@d_nurnberg @AJSaun15 @L0ts0fF @Malamaca1599 @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Interesting because I have been advocating war with mexico to end the wall debate	put Mexico under military control for the time being till we can get things straightened out here	I'm a big advocate for one world government 	But not the scary oppressive kind
@AJSaun15 @L0ts0fF @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Well it depends on a few factors	How much you value human. Life	do you believe god/karma would allow that to happen if they didn't deserve it	Makes me think of the saying, everything happens for a reason	I don't think ppl believe that saying as much as they use it
@ed2000000000000 @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Thangs an interesting approach	A little extreme for my taste but I also believe I can see inside ppls minds, so who am I to say what's right or wrong
@AJSaun15 @L0ts0fF @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey I can see how what you said could be misconstrued
100%	No 2 journeys are the same and NO ONE will ever compare to YOU.	not me or anyone else	your a fucking beast and nothing can stop you	Never forget that https://t.co/aFQwaZzAcb
@L0ts0fF @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Yes	It's just a meat suit anyway		but If you feel that's what you need to do, then so be it		I only hope for your sake that karma and the universe agree with your decision
@L0ts0fF @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Perhaps you shouldn't put so much faith in humans who don't even have a fully developed frontal cortex
@L0ts0fF @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Why?	What if one of the kids put in the wood chipper turned out to be the next hitler when he's older?	Bet you woukdnt say "morales" then	and yes I SUPPORT PUNISHING CHILDREN BY PUTTING THEM IN A WOOD CHIPPER	It just depends on the severity of the crime they commited
@girlband777 OMG!!!!!!	 A women who put forth boundries!!!!😮	Ya that's totally cool	I respect the shit out of that	Your husband's a lucky man
@redpill_d Exactly like that	Yes
@tiakolbert @ScarletMagdalen Molestation came to my mind as well
@tiakolbert I have a theory that women are of a completely different mind frame then men
@tiakolbert I feel as though she's trying to punish me for not being who she wanted me to be.  It doesn't work, but that's what I sense at least
@tiakolbert Why play the games?	My ex won't speak to me, despite us having a 11yr old in her custody	Her and I haven't spoke since sept, I reached out in nov	I understand why he doesn't want to talk but her ignoring the situation to turn it into being about us seems childish
@tiakolbert That's 2 against	I respect that	I'm curious what the other side feels though	I wonder what it is they feel	I have an idea but....
@cork_s @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Of course he is	But does it matter	All news is fake news to keep the monkeys flinging poop at each other
@Marayerba That was part of the reasoning behind my decision 	But I'm glad I could see one of you filthy dogs confess before it's too late	I am sorry you were born when you were	In another time I feel we could have been friends
@i_like_hats @joncoopertweets @End_TheFederalR Keep talking like this.  But I don't see this going anywhere more then you trying to jump me into a category that you yourself don't even understand	why are you against the shut down, asides the employees not getting paid, or is that the only reason your against?
@i_like_hats @joncoopertweets @End_TheFederalR 1 party or what ever you feel like blaming.	This is a lazy conversation because I think only 1 of us is actually using our noodle while the other wants to prove something	No one is impressed and neither am I	Try thinking outside the box, you might get somewhere	Or we can...
@i_like_hats @joncoopertweets @End_TheFederalR I don't think you brain is comprehending what I'm saying	Finding care about the shut down, I don't pay taxes	I don't feel bad the ppl or their families, they have options	The decision to shut down involved the legislative and executive branch	That call was bigger then 2 ppl or...
@girlband777 Ditto	I quick my job and lived like a monad hermit since july	Full time self reflection	It's amazing what you can learn about yourself and comfortably admit with a little time
@girlband777 @taylorburrowes @jordanbpeterson Yes
@girlband777 @taylorburrowes @jordanbpeterson From my experience your dead on	I believe from my own experience in myself and others, that all of our issues come from suppressed feelings	From depression 2 addictions	I have a theory that physical pain may hav sumthing 2 do w/ this suppressed emotions as well, but just a theory
@dwtalk @joncoopertweets And don't try to pull some white Bullshit	I might darker then you,or not
@dwtalk @joncoopertweets I presume you just misunderstood me	Why do you need government open	I don't	You family is not my problem	Tell me why I should give a fuck
@girlband777 Or LinkedIn what I think it's called
@girlband777 I think you'll get a kick out of my tagged post
@girlband777 I am completely unfamiliar at this time with xianity.	I personally practice a modge podge of esoteric traditions that I formulated into my own.	I'm not afraid to be challenged or be wrong. I can't be right if I don't fuck up,is my philosophy.	I believe that we all have power
@girlband777 @taylorburrowes @jordanbpeterson But this also plays into my own theories on how karma works.  But that's a story for another time
@girlband777 @taylorburrowes @jordanbpeterson I have a theory that we are all "gifted"	It just developes differently in everyone	But I do believe it involves releasing emotional bonds
@girlband777 @taylorburrowes @jordanbpeterson There's actually a few explanations.  Depends on which is your favorite
@girlband777 @taylorburrowes @jordanbpeterson We can't tAlk when you want.  I specialize in suppressed trauma.  But it's not easy	I taught myself by dealing with myself
@girlband777 Great, I meant treat
@girlband777 I don't hold it against him at all	He has a name, I don't	I can come off as pretentious or twatty at times, though I don't mean it	But he and many others taught me how to not great  ppl who also have been different minds
April Showers Bring May Flowers: https://t.co/mACVWR0oP9 via @YouTube
@girlband777 @taylorburrowes @jordanbpeterson I am familiar	I'm not terribly familiar but this video help inspire a lot of my own research into consciousness and the human mind	Though I'm think he tried to publicly shame me for questioning his marketing tactics on new years 	https://t.co/wdOyW94soM
@Maryamhasnaa How do we summon those destined for us?	And if it's by divine nature how would we miss it or mistake it if it's meant to happen?
@SayItValencia Or rather, what you think I meant
@SayItValencia I take that back you didn't say I was rude.  You called my approach unpleasent.  and I say the same for you interpretation of what I meant
@girlband777 @taylorburrowes Can look at any tweet, I meant
@girlband777 @taylorburrowes Meaning and context are detrimental in my opinion	You and I can any tweet and get 2 completely different meanings, but the person who tweeted it will be pissed at us for not reading it how they intended	and God forbid you ask someone to clarify their meaning	Holy fuck
@SayItValencia But if we are going to point fingers, id say the 2 tweets you deleted were ruder then what I wrote
@SayItValencia Why?	I didn't think I was being rude	I was sharing what your post made me think	I'm sorry if it wasn't the usually agreeable response your used to but I don't think enuf ppl question in the things their told.	I didn't say you were wrong, I was just trying to get on ur level
@girlband777 I actually started taking 1 online becuz I wanted to give you an answer since u may have been 1 of the smarter persons I've talked to in days, long story.	But I remember why I don't like the test b4	The questions and/or answers don't relate to me enough to give a proper response
@girlband777 @taylorburrowes No one is translating it properly and we all end up fighting, like monkeys throwing shit at each other
@girlband777 @taylorburrowes and similar to something you said earlier, we are all talking about 8 billion different languages trying to say the same thing to each other.
@girlband777 @DCnumerology I have a hunch you and me are closer to solving this riddle then anyone else at this point	I'm encouraged that we had similar thoughts though
@Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Put young hitler I meant
@Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Oh I didn't know that about the hashtag	Guess that answers that	so I'll ask again, you outraged because you think he really wants to wood chip kids or you mad it was maga kids	Are mad when I say, we should of out going hitler in a wood chipper? Or young staling?  Or young mao?
@girlband777 @DCnumerology That's what I was presuming, I hate not asking the question though	I think too many ppl are in the habit of taking other ppls word without checking to see if the person talking knows what their saying
@taylorburrowes Are these actual things ppl say to each other?	why is it never about an intellectual connection or something deeper then sex with ppl	It sounds like the monkey cages at (insert name of favorite zoo) out there.	and I know at least one of them laughed because I used the word insert
@DCnumerology What's the difference?
@i_like_hats @joncoopertweets @End_TheFederalR I don't care what Mitch McConnell wants	I'm not him	and I don't care if these ppl get real jobs or if they ever get paid again	But you can't complain when you have options and be taken seriously	Does that make sense?
@d_nurnberg your right and it's been taking a very long time so far.  I'm Just wondering when the cattle are going to wake up and stand up themselves or wait for someone to do it for them, as they always have
@d_nurnberg @Malamaca1599 @Disney @Jack_Morrissey What do you consider righteousness?	who do you consider the enemy?	What makes one strong?	What makes one weak?
@girlband777 I forget what I got though	I believe intuitive was my strong suit...if I remember correctly
@girlband777 I've taken an online one	Professional sounds like it costs money		The scholars path doesn't exactly pay well, or at all, well not in dollars
@Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey You don't need to explain anything, all im asking is if you know he's talking about the kids you are as he does not specify	Or are you just assuming because it says magakids?		I understand what you think you know, which is why I'm asking why you think you k now
@DCnumerology Is there a time limit on that claim or are you saying any time in the future after Feb 5	because I expect a debate on a new form of government some time after Feb 5 as well.  Don't know when though 	Or you just making a joke that I'm Over thinking
@girlband777 I am a Leo and highly susceptible to flattery lol	But I won't let anything stop me at this point	😎
@d_nurnberg Dig deeper young padawan	Then re-read the line about a tv drama	do that little rabbit some justice
Is like to meet the great thinkers of today	Not the ones repeating what they learned in a book some one else wrote	The philosophical innovator's		modern day platos, Marcus arilius's, jung's, levi's	That's what I aspire to be when I grow up
😂	It's funny cause it's true for everyone https://t.co/eozna5qC1q
@nford @taylorburrowes @_Kevin_Pham I would go so far as to say the slowest.  Most of the ppl I've met who had bad sex lives for married for a long time and the sex was bad for for just as long in some cases	Have you ever been married?  Are you married?	How long if so	Your wife is not a boring fuck?
@nford @taylorburrowes @_Kevin_Pham Beautiful to oneself I think she meant	some Trump supporters, not all,are pretty butch, but so are some Trump haters	Unslutty is not a word but you knew what she meant	What do you consider a boring fuck?	Have you ever been a boring fuck?	Ever?	Bedroom is 1 way to divorce and...
@thecysterstribe @taylorburrowes Because you both don't share the same perspective on being girlfriend material makes her uneducated?	I think that outlook makes you appear uneducated, but I know your not so I won't call you that	but You'd sound more intelligent if you took the time to explain why you disagree
@DCnumerology What are the other rules to remember?	Go with the energy seems to be the general consensus everyday
@Adolph_Bernanke @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey I presumed as much, I like to ask though because I don't like assuming ppls intent
@leannstephens @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Troll=anyone who puts forth an alternative point of view in a self proclaimed humorous manner	Or 	troll = someone who does not agree with you group think?	Off something else I missed?
@d_nurnberg @Malamaca1599 @Disney @Jack_Morrissey y do u think that?		Punishment isn't abuse, even if it's a wood chipper.  I just hope there's a good reason for using it		If not, oh well, there's always more kids		Whats more logical to you	That he wants to put kids in a wood chipper or he said it to miss ppl off?
@d_nurnberg I think the first is probably the best as the other stuff doesnt  seem to be working very well	Especially the voting	But I don't participate in politics because I can see through it.  I'm more of an idea guy
@Adolph_Bernanke @Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey If you are referring to me, then you should prolly re-read my reply, slower and cafefully, because I'm not talking about little cowboys and indians.
@Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Would you be mad if he was talking about kid hitler?	but i'm not outraged, I'm asking a few questions that are being mistaken as outrage because text doesn't express intent properly
@Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey I don't know what kids your talking about.	The kids with the indians?	I don't follow any fake news that's used to incite ppl	How do you known the kids he's talking about are the same?	He doesn't specify	Perhaps he's talking about other maga kids that did do something wrong
sometimes I think some ppl say things to confuse more easily influenced ppl into liking something they don't understand	But I could be wrong
@Numerology2019 In Hebrew my first name means the way, the truth and the life.  My middle name means he who is like god
@DCnumerology what's the significance of the other years
@DCnumerology Why?	did you skip 2007 on purpose?	Is there a significance that there's 12 yrs in betwixt each year up to 2019  which equals 12, which we  an reduce to 3	3 is the number of creation	Meaning this is a year of creation		But there's a pattern too	1947=3	1959=6	1971=9	83=3	96=6	07=9
@davidicke Should Germany be allowed to back out of a contract?	If so I agree	Just like we should all be able to back out of contracts that no longer serve
@i_like_hats @joncoopertweets @End_TheFederalR I didn't  Say shrink the govt though did i?	I believe I said for them to go get paying jobs or something along those lines
@End_TheFederalR First thing that comes to mind is thanksgiving	I can't help it, it's funny	But i get a sense that your head is filled with outrage a lot Over things out of your control	would you agree with that?	I recognize I could be wrong
@AnOpenSecret I got a feeling there are those out there that wouldnt mind if he was talking about kid hitler, or kid Stalin, or kid Trump or kid obama
@AnOpenSecret Considering that there are those who have sex with children producing films, why not.	It's not like we are running out of kids	and I'm sure there's going to be a few monsters in the future that some folks are going to wish were put into a wood chipper as kids when their older
@Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Also, does calling him out by name give you a sense of satisfaction or a feeling of dominance of something else?	could you describe it please?
@Malamaca1599 @d_nurnberg @Disney @Jack_Morrissey Are you really outraged or you just mad he said maga		and maybe the kids he's talking about really did do something to deserve getting put into a wood chipper for	He wasn't clear what magakids he was talking about, maybe these were bad ones	Or is that not possible?
@fireox9 @DCnumerology That sounds more like over compensating for a lack of self love, but that's just my opinion	when do you take a break for yourself or better yet give them a break from you?	Unless do you not think there should be breaks?	Breaks to recharge I mean 	and if not why?
RT @vikithewriter: Public announcement to all writers: I need to make more writer friends because I don't have any friends. So if you are a…
@AudreyKitching What do you mean by messing with ppls destiny, birthright and soul mission? How does one do that?		I ask because if we were doing that, wouldn't we just be fullfilling our own destiny, birthright and/or soul mission?
@rubirosajunior Well you can learn any of that from watching tv or spending a little time on the internet or talking to almost anyone.  		How long ago did you graduate HS?		wut was the actual lesson you got out of that that helped you succeed?  		What business do you run? there's lots
@MindTendencies2 it's ironic because to dislike anyone, we're just projecting our dislike of ourselves onto them but since they like themselves it means that our toxic behavior towards them isn't working &amp; a being reflected back at us causing a sort of feedback loop 	am I close to what ur saying?
@dwtalk @joncoopertweets Why
@joncoopertweets @End_TheFederalR Maybe instead of protests get they go get different jobs, ones that pay	How long have they not been paid?	Probably long enough to put out some resumes I presume
@ImBrittanyEvans @MorbidParamour That's an awesome idea	and exactly how I plan/live my life	Think of where I want be, long term, and work my way backwards on how to get there until I'm ready to make movement.  Then was rinse and repeat when plans change	You got a cool mind	Good luck
@d_nurnberg Stand up how?	Guns and violence?	Or voting	Or tweetingabout	Or a combination of some of all of something else?
@ScarletMagdalen Well they are the ass holes that burnt and drowned the witches	meanwhile their brainwashed the naughty version of the ppl they claim to be against.	Makes me wonder some days of its brainwashing or they just play stupid on purpose
@taylorburrowes R u familiar w/ hermetics	"Everything is dual; everything has poles; everything has its pair of opposites; like &amp; unlike R the same; opposites R identical in nature, but different in degree; extremes meet; all truths R but half-truths; all paradoxes may be reconciled." -Kybalion.
@yeshua_porvida @truthretriever and the Vatican is any different?
@ConquerorVlad @rubirosajunior Why do you think he deserves it?	What if I don't have a girl at the moment?
RT @ZenProverbs: The wise adapt themselves to circumstances, 	as water molds itself to the pitcher.	     — Zen proverb	|	|	□∧◯
@ScarletMagdalen Me too.	I think I know which ones you meant though, but I think anyone who reads this discussion will too lol
@ScarletMagdalen I don't believe it's all religion	But I definitely believe it's all 100% brainwashing
@DCnumerology why do you think that
@ScarletMagdalen Im presuming virgin guilt is a theory that not all women prescribe to then, I didn't think so	I believe some women, and some men to,believe that they feel it though		But I don't believe it's anything more then an excuse for something else	4 What?	Could be 4 a lot of things
ppl confuse		And I'm more interested in understanding how this guilt is over come.  It could help
they do not express, even if they are the ones to engage.		I don't have time or motivation to explain it all as it is just a theory and every woman seems to want something different, or so I think.  But I believe that thinking believing and knowing are all different things that
I ask because I have a working theory that it's actually woman who are more inclined to have sex on the brain then men.  But I'm only basing that on my own experiences, which I've seen that they, woman, lose interest if you don't give them the exact attention they want, which
I've never heard of this, but that's probably because I'm a man.  How does one over come that guilt, as it was a choose, in, I would presume, most cases.  What do they typically feel guilty for, a poor experience, inadequate partner/setting, not waiting, something else entirely? https://t.co/95bO1qbeED
@SayItValencia As if your almost encouraging ppl to shut out others	But that's just my interpretation, I have to presume I'm not the only one reading it that way,but I could be wrong
@SayItValencia And maybe it's not even learning as much as expanding on our own ways of thinking	I'm sure we all have something that someone else can use in some way.	Roughly 8 billion unique perspectives	That's a lot to learn		and maybe I'm taking you the wrong way but "if you can" sounds...
@SayItValencia what do you mean, If you can?	don't you think there's always something to learn from others?	I believe Everything happens for a reason, even the ppl we interact w/	I'm not saying throw away your believes for any1 but shouldn't we be learning from other ppls experiences as well?
@taylorburrowes What if the unhealthy person in question is just misunderstood	Wouldn't trying to understand them make more sense then to walk away?	I would imagine understanding them would be a benefit, you never know how many more ppl like that you'll encounter in life	Isn't best to b prepared
@DCnumerology Do you have suggestions for the ppl afraid to take the first step?	Cool truth is good but I don't think most ppl understand how to overcome the fear.  maybe I'm wrong, but I believe that if they did they wouldnt need to be told
@taylorburrowes But who determines who's healthier then who?	someone w/ a degree?	If most of those ppl were as good as they think, there wouldnt be as many unhealthy ppl, but that's my opinion	Or any1 that doesnt like any1 else's behavior, which 9/10 is the same behavior they themselves exhibit
@rubirosajunior But that's just my opinion
@rubirosajunior Maybe you should use this exchange as a lesson of some sort	Because for some one as much a champion as you, resorting to blah blah blah because you won't admit a mistake isn't going to make the pussies and dumbies respect you as the champion I believe you believe you are
@taylorburrowes You don't think we should challenge everything?  Not only what others tell us but also ourselves?		It almost sounds like your saying that no1 has anything to learn from anyone else in what we think we know		I come from the school that the more we think we know, the less we know
@rubirosajunior I know I did but you said I didnt, that's why I wanted to correct you	I care about the wording, I'm not concerned with anyone else	but your words didn't matter, I was just concerned that you tried corrected me by rewording what I said	Unless you didn't realize you did that.
@Maryamhasnaa I just noticed mindos name	Go of that question answered at least
@Maryamhasnaa Is this an official graph?	Who made it, and how are they sure it's exact?	some of it makes sense but I question anything I haven't experienced personally	Are they sure there's only 12, could there be less?  Could there be more?	It just seems too precise in my opinion
@rubirosajunior Does the art of the champion involve voluntarily facing the fear not having a source of income for an extended period of time and relying on your wits alone to conquer it?	That seems like a really scary one that I can't imagine most ppl, if any, have the courage to face
@rubirosajunior You just corrected me saying the same thing I did, just with different words		But I said what I said because you said, "A pussy is he who is not courageous and acts despite being afraid".		Acting in spite of some thing is the same acting despite something are the same thing
@FraserWyllie_ @rubirosajunior It looked like she was confident enuf to know that she wasn't risking her life.  At least to me she seemed pretty sure of her skills.
@Flyguy2stackz @ndza23 Any one in particular?	Or are you speaking for all of them in general or just the "good" ones or just the "bad" ones.  There are a lot of them in all types of sizes and shapes and no shapes
@rubirosajunior You don't consider acting despite of fear as courageous?	How else do you over come fear?	I make myself do the thing I'm afraid of until I'm not afraid anymore	Each time I fail I learn,the more I learn the less afraid I get	Whats your tactic?	Im curious if you have an easier way
@orfray That's a rare insight I never heard outside my own head	Or at least not enough remember hearing
@rubirosajunior Why do you not consider yourself weak?
@rubirosajunior U dont fear any kind of failure?	Ever?	About anything?	I believe everyone is afraid of sumthing, including you and me	But I also believe that fear can be over come	Again that goes back to not belittling others who haven't learned how to do that on their own yet	But that's me
@robbystarbuck @taylorburrowes Maybe it's time to think about expanding the borders	Uncivilized times typically call for uncivilized measures, or no?
@robbystarbuck @taylorburrowes Perhaps it's time to consider that the central American governments may be the problem	Maybe it's time to consider alternative ways of changing their minds	Diplomacy doesn't seem to work	There's gotta be other ideas other then walk or no wall.
@taylorburrowes Unfortunately I have agree as most ppl are going to be afraid of admitting they have an std or are afraid others will think they have an std and potentially spoil their chances at some kind of love	I find that far 2 many ppl have an issue w/ being honest, especially w/ themselves
I don't know about you but I felt fucking amazing tonight after a major release that coincided with the peak of the eclipse, but it made me feel super smart once I got all the heavy stuff out.	I hope I'm right and I hope I'm not the only one	That was amazing
@rubirosajunior And what do you consider a pussy?	I would imagine most ppl who use an alarm clock are folks with 9-5s or in school to some capacity.	Unless you are calling them pussies	Then I would agree with you, but I don't call them names.  I believe they just don't know any better right now
@rubirosajunior What do you consider alive?	Do you often feel the need to be up at 6:12am or was that an arbitrary example?	Do you choose the second as well or That 2 precise?	I ask be cause I consider myself both alive and in tune &amp; I wake up when my body is ready,	But I work when I want
@mtnsbymelody Exactly	I'm trying to figure out if there's a way of changing that without having to compromise for the other person.  Inspiring them to change their minds by ignoring them until they behave		I think of it like putting them in the corner.  and I don't even require a sorry lol
worst, and that goes for everyone bummed out, not just the std ppl.  thats just my philosophy though. It's clearly not for everyone and that's cool to.		Either way, great topic
pitty anyone in a preventable situation, which I believe everyone is in, whether they want to admit that it not. But I can appreciate how they feel.  It sucks sometimes, but I also look at it like this, how are you going to feel your best if you never appreciate feeling your
see that to some extent this would be the perfect thing for those victim mentality grougs.  and don't get me wrong, I know why they think they are victims and in their own minds they are correct, and that's cool, every one is allowed their own opinions, even me.  I just cant
just inspired my next conversation with my ex-wife.  If we are going to work things out ever this is going to have to be a topic as we've been estranged for almost 9 months with little to no communication until now.  I'm sure it would be on her mind too		But I suppose I can
which causes them to shy away.  		But I'm glad you posted this because I never actually thought about this category of ppl and how many ppl I know who could be suffering from this mentality.  I cant imagine a way of approaching this without upsetting the other person, but you
after and sometimes that's doesn't even work.  and sometimes I can't even get them to open up about something as a hobby.  I presume it's to either get over the fact that they believe something that they made up in their head about me or there's something they are ashamed of
trade secrets in psychology?		Learning to reprogram my self to have to courage to not fear talking to anyone was one thing.  but I can't seem to get anyone else to open up about anything unless they know I use tarot cards or read dreams, but then they get freaked shortly there
ask because every person I interact with resents someone for something and I can only imagine how many blame the other person in this this situation. I imagine that happens alot.		 I'm curious what you get their thinking to change to. Unless that's a trade secret?  Are there
ppl to be honest about.  What is the end result of their sessions like?  I would imagine it involves forgiving themselves for being careless and honestly not resenting the other person, if they actually resent the other person at all.  do they often resent than other person? I
position in the first place?  I've seen first hand How deep emotions can go, so I'm curious How far you take it with ppl.		How do you get them to open up in the first place?  and I think thats a general question.  Because that seems like one of the harder things to inspire
took me 7 months of full time self exploration to figure that out.  But what more does it involve then then saying that to ppl.  I have to presume there's a ton of suppress emotions that are involved in this.  Do you dig into the underlying issues that put them in such a
this, and I know it's not the same as their situations but it's similar in that I am the way I am because of a choice that I made and there's nothing I can do about it But learn from it and move on, everything happens for a reason.  I know that's easier said then done.  It
my point, it must be a terribly difficult subject for ppl to cope with.  Especially with the petty and selfish things ppl chose to complain on a daily basis.  I can imagine it feels very lonely at times.  I can relate to the "lonely at times part".  		But, I look at it like
themselves.  I can't imagine that to be a good feeling.		I asked someone once if they had any but they were not happy with me afterwards.  In my defense, I thought I had valid reason to be concerned.  It was actually a funny story, well I think it is anyway.  But I digress		m
insane.  Every single one.		But I never actually thought about this being one of their issues.  I'm not implying everyone I know has an std, but I've been trying to figure out why Every one is so miserable all the time.  I never thought about how ppl with stds thought about
demons(long storg), and I think all of them thought/think in one way or another that I'm just trying to have sex with them or  I think sometimes they want me to be.  I don't think it's normal I think that way, but I'm not shy with my thoughts on ppl.  I think they are all
Now that you mention this and considering how our society is utterly consumed by sex in all aspects of the word, all around the world, I realize that i never actually thought about this.		I've dealt with ppl with depression, anxiety, addiction, family/relationship issues, https://t.co/1MGdN0S5Fx
RT @paulocoelho: Some people around you will not understand your journey. 	They don't need to; it's not for them
If you commit zodiocide against one sign who would it be?	Zodiocide, the forced extinction of those of a specific zodiac sign		I choose Taurus
@KevinAllred TRAITOR!!!!!
RT @EsotericExposal: We need more people who are capable of staring into the abyss of darkness without falling in, and without losing sight…
@Maryamhasnaa The word nice comes from the Latin word nescius, which means ignorant	We should all try to stop being nice
RT @MindTendencies3: If you can't avoid people with very negative attitudes		Use them to practice watching your triggered negativity		Becau…
@rubirosajunior This may be the coolest thing in going to see all day
@PhoenixLoisell2 @jordanbpeterson Thank you	I spent much of my time over the past several years doing independent political research from all spectrums &amp; learned enuf 2 see its all smoke &amp; mirrors shoveled out 4 the complacent masses to keep them distracted from who they r	I dont trouble myself with that anymore
@rubirosajunior Valid answers
@rubirosajunior What's make a them dumb?	Is it just that they don't think like you?	What do you consider dumb?	Do you consider yourself dumb?
@PhoenixLoisell2 @jordanbpeterson I'm sensing sarcasm,with a hint of condescension, But I could be wrong	Text doesn't do a good job at showing intent sometimes	though I appreciate the suggestion, I will have to pass	Unless of course those outlets are talking about me, but I don't think they have a reason to yet
@Maryamhasnaa A good person to me is someone who embraces their dark side.  Embraces it and acknowledges that they are capable of being their worst, but choose not to because it does not align with what they consider who they want to be, from their own individual perspective
@PhoenixLoisell2 @jordanbpeterson I come from the school of thought that criticism, especially what we consider negative, has the potential to be the best source of growth	I believe it's difficult to be better if we don't know what we are doing wrong	My opinion is that our biggest "critics" are our best teachers
@taylorburrowes I usually try to write out longer thoughts prior to posting for that reason.  But I'll be back to clarify cuz you definitely got my gears going with this tweet, in a very good way.  I think I was trying to fit too many words in too few replies	I appreciate that
@taylorburrowes I don't think I explained myself properly 	I need to sit on this for a moment and reword my thought	But i  agree completely with what your saying, I think I just said it wrong.  Or, maybe I didn't and I just needed to hear what you said
@taylorburrowes Mate is skewed by my old ways of thinking.	I am though curious to have a woman's pov as, like I said this is something that has been on my mind
@taylorburrowes For the sake of discussion, the world's greatest mystic.  To do I show my success of you don't subscribe to that way of thinking?	More stuff is not my idea of success, so is that to say that my ideal mate is not one who does think that way?my	Or perhaps my concept of an ideal...
@taylorburrowes How do you prove success to someone who can't see it though?	That's something I've been contemplating for months	My idea of success is subjective to me, just like yours is to you	but how do I convey my success to you,you being the hypothetical ideal mate?	If I am...
@DelStrainComedy @End_TheFederalR Can't knock it till you try it	Maybe theres a good reason, one that you don't understand, why this is a thing
@geet_selfish @LivPsy Becuz i don't believe, I meant
@jordanbpeterson Is anything they are saying true?	Well, it is all a true to them but that doesn't mean it's not all true for you	But I believe there's some pearls of wisdom in everything ppl say, even what we consider to be wrong
RT @LivPsy: People think that to be strong is to never feel pain. But in reality, the strongest people are the ones who feel it but get thr…
@LivPsy I enjoy hearing ppls opinions because they are different	You never know what you can learn from them	Never throw the baby out with the bath water
@geet_selfish @LivPsy Becuz u do not believe it is the cause	At least not in my case	For me, the inability to objectively face my own suppressed emotions were the cause of all of my issues	By allowing  myself to think and explore those thoughts I was able to over come them on my own	It's not 4 everone
@taylorburrowes As a man, all of my mental issues stemmed from my inability to be vulnerable enough to say 4 magic words, I COULD BE WRONG	why couldn't I say them before?	Because I needed a "mommy" to tell me I was a good boy	I was wrong, I just needed confidence in myself	But that's just me
@LivPsy That probably because many ppl don't know how to solve their own issues	And because we believe we have to rely on everyone but our selves
RT @themoontarot: Today’s Energy Reading 1/19/19 https://t.co/tTHtTydqcO
because I do.😈
yourself to fuck up from time to time.  How else are you supposed to learn to not make the same mistake twice?  Or 3 times.  Or how ever many times you found yourself in the loop your stuck in.		I am Derek's ego and I like to act like I know you better then you do.  Probably
afterwards.  I personally believe that it's the ppl who bring out our worst who teach us how to be our best.  But unfortunately some ppl progress faster then others.  so take advantage of that and embrace your flaws.  You can't catch up to everyone else if you don't allow
Bad behavior, mind you, that we are very quick to point out in those around us.		Next time you think someone is attacking you, think for a moment or 2 that maybe, that "toxic" person is actually looking out for you.  And if you really want to over come some shit, thank them
society we call them toxic.  		Maybe, just maybe,we call them toxic because we don't want to hear the bad things about our selves that we are hiding from.  The bad things that make us toxic to them.  Our own bad habits that cause the ppl around us to emulate our own bad behavior.
right, why are you mad at them?  They didn't do it to you, they are just pointing out something that they know isn't you.  Can you actually blame some one for caring about you enough to risk your wrath to tell you what they think might be holding you back?  I believe in today's
that ppl point out about you that get you mad?  Ask yourself why it gets you mad. Is it because their wrong?  I don't believe that.  If they are wrong then there's nothing to be mad at, just a simple misunderstanding. 		Or, are you mad because they are right?  But if their
But i had to let myself be afraid in front of ppl I didn't know to build the courage to be afraid in front of the ppl I did know.  		So what flaws do you have? You can't say you don't know or don't have any.  Here's an easy way to figure some out.  What are some of the things
from the fear of being vulnerable with ppl.  Which stemmed from some mommy or daddy issues.  But acknowledging that I was afraid was just the first step in conquering that fear.  I needed to face it.  I needed to show ppl that I knew, a side of me that I never did before.
rest of Derek's flaws that he doesnt feel like typing out. 		I don't think ppl acknowledge their flaws enough.  		In my opinion our flaws are like a mental/emotional road map of finding who you really are.  I, for instance, always had communication problems, which stemmed
Derek's shyness.  I am Derek's rage.  I am Derek's addictions .  I am Derek's selfishness.  I am Derek's codependent behavior.  I am Derek's narcissism.  I am Derek's suicidal thoughts.  I am Derek's apathy.  I am Derek's sociopathic behavior.  I am Derek's jealousy.  I am the
I am Derek's impulsivity.  I am Derek's lack patience.  I am Derek's need to be noticed.  I am Derek's mania.  I am Derek's depression.  I am Derek's anxiety.  I am Derek's need for instant gratification.  I am Derek's frustration.  I am Derek's lack of self confidence.  I am
@MolotovGirl @beast_anti Doing forget the phonies	so many phonies and tricksters
@Maryamhasnaa I prefer the Gnostic version of the story	But if I remember correctly from my studies, the story is an allegory for the the masculine and feminine aspects of the mind and a metaphor for the awakening process	But that's my interpretation, well one at least
@taylorburrowes I was just going to scroll by this but purple is my favorite of the colors 	I presume purple pill is a complement.  I think it sounds lovely at least.  But I'm biased.		https://t.co/J5okLxsQ0Z
@realDonaldTrump Annex Mexico and put it under military control until further notice and shoot all trespassers that attempt to border jump	when ppl have something to lose they tend to be more willing to open their ears	But that's my opinion	Maybe it's time for some new advisors
@taylorburrowes I like that answer
@jeepthing96 Them I think you'll get a kick out of this...the word nice comes from the Latin word nescius, which means ignorant
@MindSovereignty Did all of that even make sense, I don't know if I expressed that properly
@MindSovereignty and say things I was once afraid of doing.  Granted that my story, I don't imagine you'll say the same thing, I'm just curious if you are able to relate to learning aspect.
@MindSovereignty Not being open.  It took me a few months to learn how to fully get over the fear of being vulnerable to someone to the levels needed for me to be confident that I'm ready to try a relationship again.  A few months and several panic attacks.  Forcing myself to do and...
@MindSovereignty I was able to admit to myself that she was only doing what I was doing to her.  and I was only doing because I was afraid to be vulnerable enough to share my emotions when I felt them.  Not just with her eitger, I bottled everything up and took my aggregation out on her by...
@MindSovereignty I feel that	Your a rare breed	I'm curious if your method is similar to mine	I found that forgiveness comes with a lesson to be learned.  For instance, my last relationship ended because of no real communication, if the emotion all kind.  I blamed her for a time until...
@obscuree_ Been wrong about.  At least not yet, but I haven't owned money in 3 months and I'm doing just fine
@obscuree_ To yourself that you are fully capable of letting go of anything and everything in your life, including money, you will come to the realization that you don't actually need it.	But again, that's just based off of my own experiences.	It's one of the few things I havent...
@obscuree_ I'll try but my knowledge is my opinion based on my personal experience up to this moment, and it's not popular, but I like a challenge	If you can learn all the lessons that the universe has thrown at you and use that strength to truly let go of, at honestly admit...
@MindSovereignty In my experience, if you can learn to forgive yourself you don't need to forgive anyone else	It just is, if you get me	But that's my experience
@Stubtastic @LivPsy If you allow the emotions to run their course without suppressing them, they will go away on their own.	But you have to allow your mind to take to places that you don't want to go	It's not easy, but fully doable	But again, that's based on my experience with myself
@NVitalogy @LivPsy Always do a good job of explaining things like this
@NVitalogy @LivPsy Sense.  Suicidal thoughts are common in the early stages	But, how many ppl have never thought about that at least once in their lives.  Most, I believe are just afraid to admit they have.	So If I explain that in an understandable way.	It's a big concept and text doesnt...
@NVitalogy @LivPsy What ever label we put on it	I liken all "mental disorders" as phases of our conscious evolutions	 but my mind has been to places not many ppl like to mess with.  But once the process starts it doesn't stop until you clear out all emotional baggage.  It is NOT easy in any...
@NVitalogy @LivPsy Fear that is being triggered.	I hope that made sense 	But again, this is based off of my own studies of allowing myself to face all of my fears when they surface	I say fear because, in my opinion, it's the fear of the resurfacing emotion that we call depression or anxiety or...
@NVitalogy @LivPsy Make you aware of a past trauma.  And in doing so, teaching you to learn to avoid a similar trauma by objectively looking at the original situation that made you suppress the emotion in the first place.	But I'm order to do so, you have to let yourself experience the...
@NVitalogy @LivPsy It's a weird concept for sure	The best way I can think to explain it is to allow the depression to run it's course rather then trying to suppress the emotion attached to it	Imagine for a moment that depression is a defense mechanism of the subconscious mind that's trying to...
RT @MindTendencies2: When you have multiple paths in front of you		If you don't know which path to choose		Choose the path that will increa…
RT @ThelIluminatii: Don't rush anything. When the time is right, it'll happen.
@LivPsy In my experience over thinking is the cure for depression
RT @SilverStarSiri: Liberty which is planned, legislated, and bestowed on others, is no liberty at all. 		Peace maintained by law is not pe…
RT @AntLiveOfficial: Let’s get to 100 Signatures by Tonight! 🍄❤️: Decriminalize Psilocybin in New Jersey - Sign the Petition! https://t.co/…
The Daily Shroom: Decriminalize Psilocybin in New Jersey - Sign the Petition! https://t.co/ekue9Rslqk via @Change
@End_TheFederalR Can't feel bad for cattle allowing themselves to be treated like cattle	Hopefully the learned their lesson for next year end, or to stand up next time
RT @DothTheDoth: Remember, you can disappear in a haunted forest whenever you want. You’re an adult.
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/iBfKGGEM4U
@truthretriever It's based on the book of the same name	Some parts were difficult to read 		https://t.co/KcsZ78zfXf
@truthretriever That is a great one	Here's another of you haven't seen it	A look at the atrocities perpetrated on the civilians of Nazi germany	Hellstorm .		https://t.co/GCJLtn7vnf
@courtneyblue74 so can the non religious
@realDonaldTrump Maybe we should use guns and bullets
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/OXZEkPyrcQ
RT @paulocoelho: The act of discovering who we are will help us to accept that we can go further than we think
RT @silentstream712: Some cultures don't like ppl being straight forward and find that disrespectful or egoistic. I respect that and in fac…
@truthretriever "You are not a victim"	Great minds think alike
@truthretriever Right on
@poeticglory @A2DaK306 Exactly	Plus text does a shifty job at showing intent	I try to never assume I'm being attacked, unless it's obvious, but even still it's just a matter of seeing where the other person is coming from before reacting
@Maryamhasnaa Def not easy	and it takes a lot of patience
@poeticglory @A2DaK306 Again your dead on	I attribute it to ppls inability to detach from their ego minds and accepting their way isn't the only way, in a respectful manner of course, if at all
@poeticglory @A2DaK306 I'm only certain because of where I've been &amp; what I know, which is based on my experience &amp; perspective	8 billion ppl = 8 billion perspectives	8 billion perspectives = 8 billion realities	I like being able 2 take a peak into other realities from time 2 time	Theres lots 2 learn
@poeticglory @A2DaK306 Your right again	but I don't look at it as arguing, I look at it like sharing opinions with ppl I normally wouldn't	I find ppl with differing opinions more interesting then ppl that agree with everything I say	I learn more that way
@poeticglory @A2DaK306 Be wise = because
@Wisethedome But truth comes from experience	My truth isn't your truth and yours isn't mine	There's a saying that every truth is a half lie and every lie is a half truth	Which side you end up hearing is based on perspective and perspective is only the reality of those who are perceiving it
@poeticglory @A2DaK306 again your correct	It's a fact to me be wise what I know	I only say what I know	I'm sure we'll agree that just because it's a true to me doesn't mean it's true for you	This is a good lesson in perspective for both of us
@poeticglory @A2DaK306 Correct	and just because it isn't yours doesn't mean I'm wrong	It just means you haven't learned that lesson, yet	But that's just my opinion, I could be wrong
@poeticglory @A2DaK306 You are 100% correct	But I believe in my opinion
@poeticglory @A2DaK306 Yes, that and he did something to deserve it and didn't do anything to prevent it
@LivPsy and mistakes should teach you how to do better next time
@iamrbmanjunatha @LivPsy Mistakes are just lessons we failed to learn
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse what better time then now?
RT @AudreyKitching: I got so many messages telling me my soul can not be tired, as if I don’t understand it’s essence. No one knows anythin…
@C4RT3S1AN @truthretriever @gatewaypundit Every truth is a half lie and every lie is a half truth	Which one you hear depends on your individual perspective
@poeticglory @A2DaK306 EVERYTHING happens for a reason	W/ a little reflection in sure you can figure out why karma felt you deserved what you got	no one hurt you, there are no victims, just lessons	Every1 gets exactly what they deserve	the real question is if you learned WHY you needed to experience it
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/lql5I6cFvi LUNAR ECLIPSE FULL MOON IN LEO | January 20th/21st | The Show Must Go On | Hannah's
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/iSRoeVJLya What is "Do A Thou Wilt"
If unafraid of losing it, it was never yours to begin with.  But if your not afraid to lose it, you know it's meant to be no matter what you choose to do https://t.co/oWttk2QEey
@XixuXaxa @LivPsy The husband may best her to it, the divorce	Just a hunch
@LivPsy They go away, but only if you allow yourself to face them 	It's scary AF, but it only works if you let it happen	There's always a lesson to learn from the past.  And when we do, bad feelings go bye bye	But that's my opinion based on my experience of facing my pains alone
RT @GuitymooreNoah: This chapter of my life is called: now that you know better what are you going to do about it?
@GuitymooreNoah Good luck, it only gets better
@SummerTimeArt Beautifully put	I enjoy seeing the minds of others like this
RT @SummerTimeArt: I'm just going to throw this out there. Spiritual journeys aren't all love, peace, and rainbows. Its hard. Sometimes you…
My homey @Timburgh inspired this one	It's long, but some good for thought		https://t.co/SJsLKEmWhb
What is "Do A Thou Wilt": https://t.co/iSRoeVJLya via @YouTube
RT @SayItValencia: Excitement, passion and impulses,	are emotions the universe uses to guide you.	You can momentarily get distracted by fru…
@taylorburrowes What would you call you? if you werent you I mean.
@jeepthing96 Far from crazy
RT @AudreyKitching: As our bodies are being attuned to these higher frequencies we can experience strange sensations of energy rushing thro…
RT @EsotericExposal: There is more to life than the dollar sign and that is something we all need to realize.
RT @xirtempest: After my other account @anastasiiaalee was suspended in October, my heart shattered bc it was my special online journal to…
3am Musings: https://t.co/ic2nnX7TiE via @YouTube
@mtnsbymelody I had something happen today to lead me to believe in about experience that exact thing in the near future.	Makes me wonder if I really have the strength to use the word no
RT @xirtempest: It’s a gift and a curse to be able to read underlying intentions like an open book.
@jeepthing96 @YouTube You put it much better
@jeepthing96 @YouTube I appreciate it	I had a temper tantrum shortly after and sadly lost the laptop
RT @xirtempest: Stop taking everything so seriously. It’s all one big fucking cosmic joke anyway. Enjoy it luv.
Kindle Can Bite My Ass: https://t.co/CRo7iAeEOW via @YouTube
Kindle Test A Success: https://t.co/71Ohpxq2H6 via @YouTube
RT @orchidslantern: "If you're not making mistakes, you're not really trying."
im going to regret this: https://t.co/8KtFoQ3raE via @YouTube
@Natersh13 @_ROB_29 @realDonaldTrump i didnt say they did	looks like we agree after all
@fireox9 i could be wrong or maybe its just a matter of perspective, but i was under the impression that 21 doesnt get reduced being that it is 21, like 11	7 + 7 + 7	but again, but i dont actually remember why i got that information from or why i think its correct
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/otBWcH7ajQ
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest always more to learn.  especially form other ppls experiences
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest a pleasure	i love talking about cool shit	if you ever need to throw ideas or concepts around hit me up anytime.  i try not to sleep and im always on the hunt for intellectual stimulation	and dont think i think i know all the stuff.  i dont know shit, i just think i do	theres...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest and im glad to be having the conversation with you.  its not often i get someone who can go the distance with me like this lol.	its nice to get a break from the mundane shit from time to time
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest i definitley hope you watch that video and read that book i linked.  simulation theory has its foundation based in the hermtic principles.  the concept is alot older then most ppl would be willing to admit
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest this is a pretty good primer if your interested, its about an hour, but its more then enough to whet your palet without commiting to reading the book with no back ground one what the hermetic principles are	you got a brain that i think will get them	https://t.co/WVl8Pt8e1J
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest alchemy is just one name for it	its a little hard ot explain, but make believe for a moment, that all religions, esoteric traditions and philosophies were saying the exact same thing, just using different language	its a little bit of an abstract idea
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest not saying thats your wildest desire, but i think you get what i mean.	but you existance is only limited to your dreams.  but, nothing is for free.  you gotta work for every little thing you want. think of it like the ultimate virtual reality simulation
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest and thats the beauty of it.  your not wrong and neither am i.	and neither is anyone else	existance is exactly what you believe it is	you want ot believe life is about getting a good job, making a shit ton of money and paying off your bills until your ready to retire..so be it...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest https://t.co/Mor1wLsPz1
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest ive never seen them myself, but the book, the kyballion is a simplified version of what was written on those tablets.	ill leave you a link to the book	think of it as a cross between religion, science and philosphy.	i believe that theres is a reason this isnt tauhgt in school
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest it is believed in some traditions that what christ was teaching, christ the man, not christ the son of god, were nothing more then the teachings of hermes, also known as alchemy.	at some point in history, its claimed that hermes created what were known as the emerald tablets...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest one of the major gods in the pagan religions.  in ancient egypt he was known as thoth, in greece he was known as hermes, in rome he was known as mercury (after the planet).  i believe in christian lore he was alleged to be known as Enoc.	either way he shows up alot...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest the hermetic principles are the foundation, if you choose to believe so, of the universe itself and all other universes that may or may not exist around ours.	the principles are based off of the teachings of Hermes Trismegistus, or hermes the thrice great	hermes was...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest i think you would really like this book	if you find time and you read it awesome, i can talk about it for hours	if not, thats cool too	the book is about the 7 hermetic principles that govern the cosmos	what does that mean?	good question....
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest i dont want to say followers but i think thats the best way to explain it.  but my interpretation of a follower in this instance is someone who thinks for themself, instead of like a religion where you would think what i tell you.  that make sense?	i can try again if you need
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest free will choices that we make based on the opportunities that the universe puts in our way based on our karma.  but karma is a way bigger conversation then i fit without typing for a few hours lol
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest that while we are all god in our own sense, that god is also pulling some strings behind the scenes?	i think of it like this, free will and destiny had a baby.	we are ALL on our own divine path, but how long it takes to get to the finish line depends on the...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest and i may not have been having this conversation.  or perhaps i would be having it with someone else or vice versa.  perhaps you would be in my position and me in yours.  but being that things are happening exactly the way that they are is it hard to believe...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest this can be easily explained with the principle of causality, every cause has an effect and every effect has a cause	which in the physical world it makes perfect sense	if all of the events in the cosmos didnt go exactly the way they did since teh "beginning", you..
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest im glad you asked that	the age old question of fate vs free will, if im reading it correctly	i like to say everythign happens for a reason.  i always get ppl that agree, but i dont think they fully appreciate what that means	when i say everything i mean EVERYTHING....
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest "copies" wins the game.  keep in mind, a belief is only as strong as the ppl believing in it
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest commonalities between our beliefs, but ultimately none of use are ever equal, but at the same time exactly the same.  but thats only if you want to believe that	i can make you believe anything, and vice versa, but perhaps thats the game.  the person with the most...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest choose to say so, leave clues for others to find you, when they are ready.		why does everything unequal, keep in mind, if perception is the reality of those perceiving it and there are 8 billion ppl with 8 billion perspectives, can anything be equal?  yes there can be some...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest i know i like to say this, but, think of it like this.  and i think allen watts said it best.  life is just god playing hide and seek with itself.	if the name of the game is to wake everyone else up, you cant tell everyoen else where your hiding, but you can, if you...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest person experiencing it	80 F could be hot to you and 81 F could be colder for me	but on the thermometer itself 81 F is hotter then 80 F, but at the same time colder then 82 F	did i go to far with htat analogy?  i can reword that
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest think of it like this.  we arent playing god, god is playing us, unless thats what you meant	and as for good and evil, think of it like a thermometer.  there is no point on a thermometer that says when hot ends and cold begins.  thats all base on the perspective of the ...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest fuck...maybe your right...sometimes i feel like i need ot be put in a loony bin
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest in our image.  and what is our image?  what ever your wildest desires are	you make man in your image	how?	by being who YOU want to be.  what is YOUR image of yourself?	god isnt in a book, or a church, or a necklace or a plant	its in you	but thats just my opinion	i could be wrong
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest solar flair, gravity, air.  still with me?  good.	the only real differential to us, would be our current physical manifestation.	perhaps the game, the game of life, is just the idea of waking the rest of the gang up to the fact that we are all god and we create the world...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest that EVERYTHING has a soul.  every man woman child, dog, cat, rock, water, cup, skateboard, EVERYTHING, has a soul	now, lets also make believe that EVERY soul through out the ENTIRE cosmos, was a fraction of god.  and not just every physicical thing.  atoms, bacteria...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest to make the few ppl i meet think just a little bit differently then everyone else around them.  but i didnt do anything at the end of the day.  my words only effect you as much as you allow them to and vice versa.  but think of it like this for a moment.  lets make believe...
@jeepthing96 @xirtempest honestly, i beg to differ.  i think that every single perosn i interact with takes in a piece of me, just like i take in a piece of everyone i interact with.  in a sense spreading myself around like a virus.  it may not be the full operating system, per se, but its enough to...
this just made me tingle in places https://t.co/rrdYW61QUB
@Natersh13 @_ROB_29 @realDonaldTrump so ill ask again, do you believe in karma	or do you only believe in karma when its convenient?
@Natersh13 @_ROB_29 @realDonaldTrump whats wrong with i said?	do you believe NO ONE deserves to die?	are you saying that in the history of humans not one person who went to college deserved to die?	do they only deserve to die when you think they do or is it only bad when the "illegals" do it	take your time answering
@DCnumerology what does 6 life path mean?
@_ROB_29 @realDonaldTrump do you believe in karma?	do you believe in past life karma?	i believe everything happens for a reason	maybe these ppl had it coming	did you build a face poster for the ppl killed in us drone bombings?	or is that ok?
@xirtempest but at the same time we have to accept that if all things are mental, then all thigns come from a mind.  what is that mind?	is it yours?	is it mine?	i believe its both and everything in between	but thats just my opinion, but i think alot of weird shit that ppl dont like
@xirtempest all of the above, but i also believe that god is 777 and at the same time god is toksik66.  i think god is your mother and father.  its my room.  its my dog lola and your shoes.  the principle of mentalism says all things are mental.  if all things are mental, all things are god
@Buddha_Blunted @TheDailyShroom @Change do you barter shrooms for spiritual enlightenment in nj?	i dont own money	do tarot readings and dream readings
@align_manifest masterbation, maybe in your opinion, but not mine	i choose not to work so i can think more	i choose to think more so i dont have to work because working for someone doesnt stimulate my mind	but because i dont work i get to have fun conversations seeing how ppl think, like this
@align_manifest dont understand the mentality of thinking someone else is wrong just because we think we are right.	you opinion is your opinion, but so is the other persons.  both opinions are based off of perspective, and perspective is the reality of those perceiving it	is that mental....
@align_manifest offensive to a group.  i asked this questin the other day and no one questioned it.	what if i decided to be really fucking nuts and start a genocide against taurus's. is that wrong?  or that all pisces were fucking loony?  its true but is that wrong?	i just....
@align_manifest you really think its over thinking?	does it really matter what anyone calls anyone else?	i get it, words have power, but they only have as much power as we allow them to have	its like calling someone a nigger or a spic or a kike or what ever other term we decide is....
@Alexa_Todd77 are you sure its your skelington
@align_manifest i wasnt there, but perhaps he was talking about specific bitches and brawds that deserved to be called bitches and broads.	i know there are ppl in the world that do deserve to be called things from time to time to check their egos, even ladies.  but tahts just my opinion
@align_manifest no, its not wut	disingenuous?	what do your values have to do with someone elses perspective	maybe he has a good reason, from his experience, for thinking the way he does, just like you do	that would be like me judging you for saying sumthing to the guy for saying wut he did
@Alexa_Todd77 why do you think it doesnt?
@align_manifest i dont mean to come off like a dick, but something about this seems disingenuous to me	i knw we havent known each other long or well, but something about this post doesnt seem like you, but thats just my opinion.	i like seeing what goes on in ppls heads
@align_manifest wut did u say 2 him	if u felt the need 2 say sumthing 2 him becuz of sumthing he sed, how is that not judging	not judging wood b ignoring yes?	y didnt the woman w/ u stand up for her own gender if she was so offended	did u do it becuz you thought it was right or so she wood smile
@xirtempest i know exactly what you mean	its like being a in a cage with the monkeys looking at you
@chillin662 @tariqnasheed listen, im not here to debate who said what then	fuck them all	what is #firstthem about?  tahts what i asked, not for you to tell me that ppl said something once.  i can see that.
@chillin662 @tariqnasheed and these clips are from how long ago?	let me guess, you never said anything you regret?
@chillin662 @tariqnasheed ppl say lots of things in front of a camera	theres a clip from my wedding that i said that i thought my brother was gay.  i meant it at the time, but i dont anymore	are you saying that at some point in your life you have never been attracted to a girl younger then you?
@frmikeschmitz but what if he calling you to do something that everyone will be mad at you for doing, even a priest?
@tariqnasheed whats #firstthem about?	i have a feeling its about alleged white pedophiles.	am i correct?
@GH0STXG1RL 	"hi, im a very cool person"		i like your honesty
mine if you tell me if i was in yours.
your bed?  sometimes i think there is, well mostly in the closet.  		i dont know why i was compelled to ask and that, but everything happens for a reason.  i think everyone believes that.	that just reminded me of the weird dreams i had last night.	i will tell you if you were in
believe that when you are thinking of someone that they are thinking of you.  i got a feeling that makes more sense then you let on.  its ok, itll be our secret.		and when you think of it that way, maybe i dont sound so crazy after all.  		do you believe theres a monster under
think they want me dead because i am the only person they have met that is alive and they dont like it because ppl are going to start thinking they are alive too and that scares them enough to want me gone.		does that sound crazy?  		i think it sounds fucking bonkers, but i also
also why i dont do brain meds, though i think some of the real crazies would like to see me on them lol.		but i think there are ppl in my life that want me dead.  i think they want me dead because they are jealous of the other ppl i know that get to make believe im dead.  i
and in someone else, i think taht might of came out the wrong way.  		plus this will help me prove a theory.  i like to do mental health experiments cause i cant afford therapy and i wouldnt waste my money on it either, unless it was to teach those ppl how to do their jobs.   its
no tom.  but thats all i lied about.  this story though isnt real.  at least i dont think it is, it will prove if i can actualy read mind thought eventually.  it could all be in my head, but thats the cool part about what i do, its to get the weird fucked up stuff in my head out
shit to get off his chest and i tell other ppl so they get inspired to get shit off their chest.  its like therapy, but better, because it actually works.   he and i share fucked up stories all the time in an attempt to help each other get over our issues		ok i lied.  there is
anything at all.  it might not.  but if it does, i would really appreciate it.  its part of a project im working on.    dont feel obligated.  someone will eventually lol		im going to call my friend tom for right now.  tom isnt looking for advice or for pitty.  tom tells me this
.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	ok the pussies are gone.  i have one request.  you dont have to play if your not comfortable but you made it this far.  if you could do me a solid and just let me know if you felt something.  could be some feeling you had suppressed, or if it made you feel
help you unsuppress something thats buried in you.  i dont need to know.  i didnt even like hearing this shit.  	i dont know what what or if this is going to trigger an emotion in your or not, so if you dont want to fuck around then stop reading now	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.
able to relate too much.  there were some things i had a hard time thinking about when i was hearing this so im curious if anyone else has ever had to feel this way or something similar.  and im curious if by reading this you are going to think of something difficult as well to
warning you because somes times our experiments have interesting results.  and this one, i think is going to be a doosy.  it wasnt easy for me to even get this out of him and he usually doesnt give a fuck.		but he has an issue i tried helping him with. it wasnt easy not being
i know thats how i was, and i remember when i did, i acted like most of the ppl i know.		a friend of mine told me a story.  he said i could tell it if i didnt say his name.  but we like to do thought experiments on each other and sometimes we like to do them on strangers.  im
im very curious about this.  i dont think ppl talk about it at all. im wondering why.  	i feel like by talking about it, im not going to hold on to it.  i have a theory that all of our bad feelings come from us not saying the things that we feel and keeping them bottled up.
@ChurchofSatan maybe its just me	if you put as much faith into nothing as someone else puts into a religion, whats the difference?  a sign that says, "I DONT BELIEVE" is the same as holding a sign that says, "I BELIEVE".  both signs are just looking for attention, but thats just my opinion
@ChurchofSatan its my real feeling that its insane to accept someones feeling as wisdom
very smart https://t.co/WezHwqfNxk
@dogma_vat @taylorburrowes and dont be fooled, materialism is just as much a religion as anything else.  its just that the god that is being worshipped takes the form of a piece of paper with a number on it
@dogma_vat @taylorburrowes well i think thats pretty self evident as sprituality and religion both, typically, take the stance that, and i agree, more stuff = less happy and more happy = less stuff	ppl forgot that money is a tool, not a way of life
@MindSovereignty it was an interesting experience
@MindSovereignty im sorry, it was 1 month.
@MindSovereignty i did for 2 months, but i was also hanging alone in the woods alot during that time so i could clear my head.  it worked wonders
RT @MindSovereignty: It isn’t until we stop seeking happiness from outside sources will we desire the happiness that comes from within our…
this https://t.co/S89O6wW567
@realDonaldTrump when the law makers are the ones writing the laws for their own compensation i think theres a problem
@ReverieHippie being kind and being nice are 2 different things, at least in my opinion.	the word nice comes from the latin word nescius which means ignorant.
@DanielorRico @DCnumerology thanks for the explanation.  i that makes sense
@taylorburrowes but thats just my opinion
@taylorburrowes and i think thats a major challenge for many ppl	too much focus on STUFF and $$, not enough focus on self care and being truly happy with ourselves.  but we still live in a culture that believes it needs money to survive, which isnt wrong, but its not right either, it a choice
@Ladydadda1 @ChurchofSatan exactly.  he said it himself, "I speak in parable"	theres clearly much cherry picking of wuts literal &amp; whats	im curious if they would consider this one literal too, "Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword"
@norfshore_ @__ggab i thought so, just wanted to make sure	i believe the journey is both fixed and mutable at the same time	like free will and destiny had a baby	that we all have a path to follow but the universe allows us to customize the experience with the choices that we get to decide to make
@taylorburrowes i love that question, "whats stopping you"	most popular answer ive heard is money	but if you ask ppl to take money out of the equation, for argument sake, the answer is usually procrastination, of some sort.	but procrastination, i believe, comes from being afraid to fail
@norfshore_ @__ggab in what way do you mean journey?  spiritual?
RT @UmarFof: Just because you don’t understand something, doesn’t mean it’s wrong.
@adamkokesh we need a permanent shut down either way
you ONLY need 1 person to be happy	can you guess who? https://t.co/TJwtMsxycZ
this is a partial lie	not all of those "in the occult", which it isnt a group by the way, summon beings.	but i would say from my experience that there ALOT more ppl in the general public doing the same, and more frequently, without even realizing it. https://t.co/0DjuZIPGRR
im just playing devils advocate 😉	do you KNOW or do you THINK	and if you KNOW, can you PROVE it	perhaps they just dont exist in the way that you think they would if they did	not saying your wrong, but you might be, or is that not possible?  if not why? https://t.co/qsgC8VkZa1
@Ladydadda1 @ChurchofSatan whats really weird is that ppl take mythology literally	now, if looked at from a metaphorical or analogical stand point, it tells a completely different story.  but thats the problem with religionists, they dont know how to use the right side of their brain to see stuff
@mtnsbymelody doesnt exist anymore.  Most of Dicks books, if your not familiar, typically share the shame theme of the protagonist waking up to a world that isnt what they went to bed to.   Paranoia, schizophrenia, being really big themes in every book.  every book is a mind fuck
@mtnsbymelody im in the middle Cry My Tears, The Police Man said by Phillip K Dick, my most favoritist writer of all time	im only a little way through, but its about a celebrity tv personality that wakes up one day in a strange bed in a strange town and the person who he thought he was...
@EllaIsYourQueen @LSHager this may be a cliche way of putting it, but are you familiar with the movie the matrix?
@MindSovereignty i wont make the same mistake again, if they come back or with the ppl that replace them.  and im cool with that because i know im going to enjoy myself eitherway, and those temporarily gone,  i will still think of and feel for those ppl of the past, w/o grudges
@MindSovereignty isnt popular with friends and family.  that being, taking time for myself.  3 months with no contact.  i had alot of layers i need to peel away lol.	but i recognize, i did it, so i cant be mad at those i lost along the way, but i learned enough about myself that...
@MindSovereignty and speaking of being wrong, i think i could of worded my first couple comments better	getting away from ppl, being alone.  thats what allowed me to find the time and strength do deal with my own issues	it was near impossible with every day stress	unfortuantely doing that...
@MindSovereignty it took work though, i had to conquer MANY fears in myself to be able to even admit the words, i could be wrong.  but i believe, if you can honestly say those words, you can do anything.  except fly.  i dont know if that works yet.
@MindSovereignty im sure ull agree to an extent, but i dont limit myself to a single belief.  i have a multitude	i test them &amp; move on.  either they work the way i want or i adjust or a let it go and move on to the next one	some call it being a hypocrite, i call it being able to admit i was wrong
@MindSovereignty i agree with that state whole 150% though my comments may not reflect that	whether they realize it or not, being divine	everything happens for a reason, even the "negative" ppl.  who arent even negative, they are that way for a reason, to teach us something about ourselves.
@DCnumerology the complete thought of where im going with this is still brewing in my head, but i wanted to get an opinion on the cyclical nature of the idea
@DCnumerology u may b able to anser a question for me or maybe confirm a concept ive been visualizing regarding numerology	very basic, but i dont know any numerologists	1 = 10, i know it reduces	what i picture in my mind is like a clock almost, numbered 1-9	reaching 10 would be going back to 1
RT @AudreyKitching: There is a lot of clarity starting to pour in. These divine downloads are brining us so much new knowledge and informat…
@MindSovereignty they find the courage in themselves to do the same thing.  and if not, oh well.  everyone is temporary.  everyone is replacable.  we cant hold on to the past forever.  instead, again in my opinion, embrace change.  embrace flushing the shit out of your life on a regular basis
@MindSovereignty is anyone else inspiring you to be the best you can be for you or do they inspire you to be the best you for them?	my experience was living in a world were everyone was a victim, including me.  i didnt want to be anymore.  my success will be reflected by the ppl i cared for when
@MindSovereignty thats one way to look at it.  i believe the best way to love everyone is to love yourself.  no one else is going to take care of you the way that you are.  and no one else will be there for you as much as you are.  and chances are, when you need them, their busy w/ something else
@MindSovereignty granted, if they want to come along for the ride, awesome.  but if not, get the fuck out of the way and let me be me.  but thats a scary concept for most ppl, i believe at least.  it was scary for me, so i know its scary.  but i did it, unfortunately on my own, but i did it
@MindSovereignty perhaps this is implied, but i think all we need is self love.  to love ourselves enough to get out of what ever situation we are in that makes us feel unloved, because, and i mean this in all sincerity, fuck everyone else.  even our family.  even our friends and even our kids
@XXXistentiall if you want to try a unconventional procress that doesnt involve a doctor or drugs let me know.	im comletely unlicensed and everything i do is based off of mysticism	but it worked like a fucking charm for me	its just not easy to do	and you can do it all by yourself
@XXXistentiall your not alone	i can relate to everything you said, even the YT channel, which i laughed when i saw that.	i look at it ike this.  the ppl in my life, the real fucking crazies, cant relate to me.  tehy want to be koo koo birds.  i dont	im weird but i own it
@4bidden444 its not a lifestyle for the meek, i can assure you that.  not saying your meek.  but its scary as fuck	i walked away from my house, family and job to see how far this shit goes	universe hasnt let me down yet.	but thats just my experience.  i say never follow my lead lol
@EllaIsYourQueen i dont think thats true that no one would respond.  but i thought i would get better responses if i worded like that	social experiement 😉
@EllaIsYourQueen but if i word it like that no one will respond lol	your absolutely right though.
@orchidslantern and when you realize you dont know shit is when you know more then every other person
lets talk some shit	i believe im smarter then most ppl	but tahts just based off of my experiences with teh ppl i meet	but that doesnt mean i dont have more to learn https://t.co/1rN4f7nyvg
@AndeeCurt was thinking the same thing.  i nice natural disaster.  id even settle for an unnatural one
RT @AndeeCurt: We're overdue for another bubonic plague. Or at least a supervolcano eruption.
@__ggab i think that everyone that comes into our lives are soul mates.  ppl come together, they learn some stuff and move on.  but the lessons to be learned are more then just some subject.  its more of a emotional/spiritual lesson that needs to be learned	but thats just my opinion
all of your worst nightmares are real.  and they are all hiding under the bed waiting for you to go to sleep at night so they can scare the shit out of you.
@4bidden444 just not so much with money
@4bidden444 there are ways of living with out a job and money.  i do it.  i havent had income in 3 months.  its about really figureing out what you want and what you need and determining if you really need the things you think you do.  its scary AF, but if you trust the universe, it pays
@realDonaldTrump pull troops from around the world	send troops to mexico	take over mexico	no more border problem
@dcrow_baby @jerzgrl40 well i lost all of my friends because i chose to lose the perspective that they all wanted me to have.  so from my new perspective i didnt lose friends, i lost dead weight.	i dont think you would of liked my old sense of humor.  i didnt.
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/jUirmlXi51 WEEKLY LEO : They weren't ready for things to change so quickly...
RT @xirtempest: Cognitive dissonance is deeply programmed in our culture to counteract beliefs that do not serve us. Feeding into temptatio…
@jerzgrl40 @patten_life have you asked most ppl or are you just assuming?	because i dont think you discerned mine, but i could be wrong
@CJBesch i can see that very clearly
@CJBesch good and evil are perspective, theres a lot of shades of grey in betwixt	and you shouldnt be so quick to judge those whos shoes you never wore		but have you personally seen these sacrifices or hunt parties?		if not, you can just say no	theres no need for an egoic reaction
@CJBesch @patten_life i think you think im questioning the items on the list, though some are questionable at best, or wut rights u think u are losing	i questioned the validity of the list	how am i supposed to research, w/ or w/o blinders, when my question wasnt answered?	perhaps im not the 1 asleep
@EllaIsYourQueen thank you by the way.  im glad it made sense.  i get nervous sometimes because my thoughts sometimes need LOTS of words. i worry sometimes that ppl dont like to read
@EllaIsYourQueen i love the bowling ball to the foot.
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/YFSyNzgVA9 NARCISSISM, INSECURITY &amp; GENDER
your shoes and should have had the decency to ask first.		phew....
always acknowledge your pain.  NEVER ignore it.  imagine the damage we could have prevented if you just told me you never got flicked in the nose again.  but at the same time, i should of known better then to walk up to a stranger and flick them on the nose.  i never walked in...
aspect and just focusing on pain and the perspective of.  		did all of that make sense?  i know i threw alot out there, but like i said, i enjoy the chance to expand the awareness of others.  i dont think society does a proper job at doing that.		oh and as for your "message"...
that i have ever felt.		now being that we both just experienced the worst physical pains of our lives, whos is to decide whos perspective is correct.  on our individual pain thresh hold meters we both red lined.  yes i may have more physical damage, but we are ignoring that...
fuck how sorry i am.  and in retaliation you decide its best to drop a bowling ball on my foot as this hypothetical you believes, because it is your opinion, that that is equal punishment.  and you were right, it hurt.  from my hypothetical perspective that is the worst pain...
the nose, so from your perspective it was the most painful experience you ever had.  i, having been flicked in the nose multiple times in the past did not expect to hurt you as badly as i did.  for that im sorry		unfortunately this hypothetical version of you does not give a...
sake i will use the literal term of pain and allow you to paint the rest of the picture of what i mean in your head.  		but lets say you and i were in a room.  and i flicked you in the nose.  for argument sake, lets say you never experienced anything as painful as a flick to
person having more problems then another because from that perspective i would say the quantity of problems though literal larger or smaller is relatively subjective.		but anyway.  what i say no one is larger then the other i think of it in terms of pain.  and for simplicity...
but that is why i enjoy exchanges like this as it allows for a similar view presented from a new perspective.	but ill try to be brief, and for clarity, i am giving an example of why and why i would say no one problem is larger then another.  im not going to comment on any one...
dont look at it as any one person having worse problems then any other.  i come from the stand point that all problems are equally valid in comparison to anyone elses, when though of in terms of metaphors and analogies.  which i also acknowledge not all ppl think in terms of.  ..
ideas i mention are just ones of many that i hold, but find these to be most relevent for the time being.	and to your 2nd statement though i dont disagree, i have a different perspective on it, which is not 100% on the same page but i think we would agree on at least some.		i...
lives.  its a sad state and one that i hope the mental health field will work harder in the area of teaching individuals that niether statement is true. 		 granted i recognize that i am generalizing, but i am for the sake of this discussion and that some of the concepts and...
conditioned into taking on the victim mentality.  which in itself is a vicious contradiction to the individuals psyche, in my opinion.  to be told at one point that the problems of others trumps our own but at another be told that we ourselves are the biggest victims in our...
i couldnt help but feel inclined to respond to this as it speaks to alot of my own interest in this topic.  but based off of my expierience you are absolutely correct.  we have been, as you said, conditioned to not only minimize our pain and sadness, but simultaneously...
sorry for the huge thread but this tweet inspired alot of words to come to my head.		all opinions stated are just that opinions. but opinions based off of my experiences.  so i say what i say because i believe it.  no one has to.	so with that... https://t.co/Ij8wtyerLR
@taylorburrowes same results, like they say, theres more then one way to skin a cat.  and those i mentioned are just, as i said, my own tactics that i use for myself, which are still in their infant stages and have room for improvement and modification, definitely not for everyone.
@taylorburrowes i appreciate the thought, it took me alot of trial and error and experimentation to formulate those techniques based soley on my own experience of overcoming my egoic based fears that hindered me through out my life.	but to your point, yes, there are other ways to achieve the...
@OMLordShiva @xirtempest vibrations then higher.  as from my experience and in my opinion, lower vibrations are where we learn to appreciate and integrate the higher vibrations.  but again, that is my opinion based off of my experiences in consciousness expansion
@OMLordShiva @xirtempest well no you dont HAVE to smoke it	at best though its not true from your perspective, but yours isnt mine and vice versa	as for the lower or higher vibrational aspect, i cant say for sure	but from my experience, there is more to learn, from a conscious perspective, from lower..
@JasonH00per 👹
@marta_wurtz are you sure?
@taylorburrowes @SayItValencia name today, and i believe everything happens for a reason.
@taylorburrowes @SayItValencia perceptions, etc.  but that brings to mind the saying that every truth is a half lie and every lie is a half truth.		either way, i appreciate your time and i look forward to watching the video and digging further into your work. i think this is actually the 2nd time i saw your...
@taylorburrowes @SayItValencia time, but i dont get the chance to have too many meaningful exchanges like this, 98 degrees F cold, while i consider it hot.  but then we have all the factors that go into those individual perspectives, upbringing, geographic location, time period in which we formed these...
@taylorburrowes @SayItValencia observers.  i like to say that perception is the reality of those who are perceiving it, so from there its really a matter of what one person thinks compared to another.  for instance, you may consider, purely for the sake of discussion, and i hope you dont mind me taking your...
@taylorburrowes @SayItValencia have hot and we have cold.  there is no set degree that denotes where hot ends and where cold begins.  99 degrees F is hotter then 98 degrees F but at the same time colder then 100 degrees F.  but at the same time i also believe it comes down to the perspectives of the...
@taylorburrowes @SayItValencia the same page, because i am sure we come from 2 different schools of thought, but i appreciate having an exchange with someone with a different but  similar perspective as mine as i always have something new to learn		anyway like i was saying, in terms of a thermometer we...
@taylorburrowes @SayItValencia to what you said about an emotional chart.  but ill explain what i mean using the idea of a thermometer to better visualize my thought as i think its a simple analogy, that i think we will both agree with, to an extent.  granted i understand that we arent going to be 100% on...
@taylorburrowes @SayItValencia bad, when in my version of reality, which i would presume is similar to yours, there is a, in my opinion, near infinite spectrum of shades of gray in between.		i think of it in terms of, at least what i am familiar with, the hermetic principle of polarity, similar in concept....
@taylorburrowes @SayItValencia you bring up an incredible point on using generalized terms to describe someone from an emotional standpoint.  and i like what you said about thinking in terms of an emotional chart.   many of us have this preconceived notion that things come in black and white, good and...
@taylorburrowes @SayItValencia i feel compelled to admit that i hadnt taken the time to watch the video yet, i was voicing an observation on the use of the word narcissist as a generalization that i had thought about a few weeks back. but i am glad you responded because i absolutley agree with what your saying
@ScarletMagdalen i def cannot claim to understand the rationale behind that way of thinking.	ppl say weird stuff sometimes
@ScarletMagdalen well i think our quite rational	next time some one tries to push your buttons, tag me in before you get heated.  i have a unique way of inspiring ppl to see that theirs isnt the only way to think 😉	i have alot of free time
@ScarletMagdalen youd be surprised how quicly ppl lose their motivation to troll when you tell them their right.  it like a little short circuit to their brains lol
@ScarletMagdalen well thats a completely different story	but wise man once say, best way to win an argument with a fool is to agree with him
@SayItValencia @taylorburrowes this is just an observation i made.  by pointing out that someone is a narcissist arent we projecting on to them our own narcissistic behaviors?	i mention that because i have to presume that a narcissist doesnt see themselves as a narcissist.  just a thought
@ScarletMagdalen look at it this way.  at least the randos are trying to actively participate in the exchange of ideas with others, as mundane as they appear	at least to me it seems more productive then most of the useless crap that ppl distract themselves with ever day	but thats just my opinion
@electricfire89 no problem.  where did i lose you?  sometimes i tend to explain things in a way that makes sense to me but not others
@abductionsandco but i also recognize that those projecting onto us have something to change in themselves as well. when ppl critique me i try to remember the saying, dont throw the baby out with the bath water	though most of it is negative opinion, there may be a pearl of wisdom in the shit
@abductionsandco i believe everything happens for a reason	even the way ppl treat us	i try to look at it like this sometimes, but i could be wrong	maybe ppl pointing out our flaws is a way of the universe telling us that theres something we need to fix in ourselves.  but again, thats my opinion
@realbasedamy @thebestcloser arent they the police?	im just playing devils advocate because its a very short video, but do you not think that that is something that would happen in the US under similar circumstances?
@TeaBoots are they accomplishing anything though?	i havent been following this	are they looking to reform the entire system?  or just the financials?
@patten_life is this their actual check list?	or did you formulate it yourself based on opinions?	i understand you probably have a good reason for thinking this way but some ppl reading it may not be capable of discerning your sarcasm.  text doesnt isnt good at showing intent all the time
100%	👇👇👇 https://t.co/McZbpOK1Iq
@astrobebs everything happens for reason.  thats pretty cool story though
@electricfire89 i agree w/ you to an extent	but i believe we need more ppl coming up with solutions to change the way we think as a whole	which i also believe is difficult because i think for the most part we are conditioned to think that there are only 2 solutions to any issue	but thats just me
@GRYFFINDORMUG do you feel pressured?  i agree that societal norms dont do a very good job at guiding our youths, but societies flaws are what make the virtues of ppl like your self shine.
@Kica333 try out this trick, if you havent already.  think back on whats gone wrong so far.  figure out what you can learn from those negative experiences to better arm yourself to avoid them when they happen again	but thats my opinion, its not for everyone	i think you got this though
@rubirosajunior @DCnumerology for a reason.  everything, including the things ppl say to us and what we say to them	your break down of conscious planning out an exchange in real time is impressive to see someone formulate so articulately and spot on, based off of my own experiences.  glad i saw this post
@rubirosajunior @DCnumerology i enjoyed it very much thank you.  i woke up yesterday with a phrase in my mind.  its one that ive been practicing from studying the esoteric, but it summed itself up very nicely in my unconsicous mind	"think in terms of metaphor and analogy"	i like to say everything happens...
@DCnumerology im not a ball sport fan, but i like your analogy	spot on
@trey_wing6 and you thought you had mental issues lol.	cuz i would bet that went over a few ppls heads lol
@rubirosajunior @DCnumerology and if you can objectively look at what they said, you may even be able to learn a little bit about your self, but thats my opinion based off of my experiences
@trey_wing6 see what i did there lol
@Pinkomomma @MuhammadSmiry why?  because you didnt like one of my opinions?  i think it would of been rude if i laughed.  pointing out the obvious is not mean, in my opinion.  i call it thinking critically and not accepting someones perspective based skewed version of an anecdote as gospel
@EllaIsYourQueen conversing with interesting ppl with similar and even better ideas then we had.
@EllaIsYourQueen i look at it like this.  overthinking can take up time, but look at what most other ppl spend their time doing...scrolling through social media looking for things to be mad at	ppl like us at least use the time to share ideas that we spend our time overthinking and...
@RonMexi96342349 if they did that, then the ppl wouldnt have anything to argue about.  but i agree with you
RT @SilverStarSiri: @toksikshok Yes :) contradiction is Unity. What you have said is of grave importance		Some become too prideful in their…
@SilverStarSiri i thought that, but unfortunately for those ppl, they dont get to have interesting conversations like this
@trey_wing6 that was something i was wondering too lol
@MuhammadSmiry did anyone ask the sniper why he shot your friend	perhaps there was a good reason.	i believe that everything happens for a reason.  perhaps your friend had it coming.  again not a popular opinion but im not a fan of anecdotes
@steph93065 is anyone really ever a victim though?	every "negative" experience is something to learn and grow from	sadly some ppl dont realize that and get stuck in a "bad" situation, but i thats their own faults.  thats my opinion at least, i could be wrong
@MiseryIsGreen and shes a genius if she only associates with other ppl with boundaries.  but i think thats self evident, you seem smart
@realDonaldTrump perhaps a constitutional republic isnt going to cut it anymore.  but thats just my opinion.  i woke up and i see things a little different then some ppl sometimes.  and sometimes the least popular opinion is the best one, unless someone has a better one?
@NewdAstro again, just my personal technique.  its not for everyone.  and who knows, maybe, after getting it out, you might find a good reason why you should wait to reach out to him.  good luck
@NewdAstro thats the point, your arent going to see him for a minute.  do you want to hold all of that emotion in or do you want to get it out of you.  and remember, the first draft may not be the right thing to say to him.  but at least if you have it out, you can edit to down to wut is
@RonMexi96342349 and in my opinion a border is nothing but a concept made up by a monkey to declare ownership on something that is not any ones to own.	but ppl like control other ppl and the way they think and act, just like giving ppl opinion as fact
@RonMexi96342349 well it matters if you are claiming this batch came form the border and it did not	thats not being fake news	and do you have actual proof of where 95% is coming from or is it hear say based off of what someone told you by fake news?	there is a difference, and i think u know that
@NewdAstro but thats how i roll.  its not for everyone.  if you do try it though, i would be interested in hearing how it worked for you	the trick behind it is to get the emotions that are bottled up in you, out.  if that makes sense
@NewdAstro first, never apologize, you owe no one nothing	ive been in this spot	heres my advice.  get a piece of paper or word processor.  write him a letter.  get out everything you want to say.  EVERYTHING.  after your done, reread it and decide if thats what you really want to tell him
if ai is slowly displacing ppls jobs, and will continue to do so over the years, wouldnt it be a good idea for ppl to start learning skills that machines cant do?	but thats just my opinion.  some ppl think i think too much
@SenGillibrand @realDonaldTrump but doesnt that require more then one branch of the government to come up with a mutually benefitial solution?  alot of you ppl seem to think that your constituents want to hear you point fingers then say things that are semi intelligent and constructive to the problem at hand
@DeplorableTrump perhaps government reformation should be the next topic of discussion	but that would involve ppl thinking rather then pointing fingers
@UppityWilliamP but look at it this way, at least he didnt fall into a pool of hungry piranha	instead he may only have a slight concussion with a sprinkling of brain trauma	it could always be worse
@SilverStarSiri i may be interpreting what your saying the wrong way.	i found, 4 myself, that contradiction was my greatest asset	to be able to admit that i was wrong and learn from that experience and readjust my truths based on the new data.  but again, thats just my opinion
@Numerology2019 but, playing devils advocate, being with those that bring out the stress should be teaching us how to better handle and conquer our stresses.  but theres more then one way of skinning a cat.  my methods arent for everyone and they dont always work, but i think thats the point
@PyramidRealm 100%	but i also believe that if ppl were fully comfortable with their truths they wouldnt be against admitting the 4 magic words...i love these words	I COULD BE WRONG	i believe those words will change the world one day
@RonMexi96342349 did the particular strain of fentanyl come from over the border?
@gkd34in i would take that a step further to say that energy is the only form, but energy, in my opinion, comes in all shapes, sizes and densities.  but thats just my opinion.  i could be wrong
karma explained in 3 simple words	but how do you evolve?  every ones path is unique https://t.co/Pg6STlXc6y
i like this analogy https://t.co/8P1t8o4Fqf
@taylorburrowes what i do, is make myself face those buried fears	but i do it in a variety of ways	i write, i record myself talking about it, or just get comfy and let the emotions take me to see what it is i need to see to learn and move on.  but again, this is just my exper.	evry1 is different
@taylorburrowes what do you suggest for those who dig deep?	in my personal experience, digging is the easy part.  facing that we actually have something to learn from the experience and need to move on though is where i think ppl get stuck.  but thats just my opinion
RT @obscuree_: can’t get mad at someone for being who they’ve always been
@ChurchofSatan i do not think so.	sometimes i think we have a tendency of taking what ppl say too literally
@rickygervais but you also cant take away the free speech of those who want to suppress others free speech either or you end up just like them.  which i dont believe you are, but there are ppl out there that think that way.  im sure youve seen it before
@mtnsbymelody ive been trying to slow myself down to give it time to catch up, but im a bit of a spaz lol
RT @Numerology2019: Just be who you want to be and not what others want to see.
@tiakolbert 	would you believe if i said that i was just think about you a few hours ago?  i was even indirectly talking about to someone on twitter lol.  funny how that works
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty 🤣
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty if your afraid of homework, then yes, home work will haunt you until you get over it.  did i just give you a homework assignment a week or 2 ago?  funny how that works isnt it
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty bothered doing this was do start a business so i did have to work a shitty job for a shitty boss so i could be cool with my family instead of being a jerk off to everyone.  but i just kept pissing ppl off and getting new ideas.  so my plans expanded alot form where they were
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty i cants prove that yet, i need ot talk to a couple ppl i used to work with on some of this stuff ive been doing.  should be interesting to see how things go.  who knows.  maybe well all be rich before the year is over.  that would be cool right?  cause the only reason i even...
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty thats why i always say to write if you can.  it helps get the shitty thoughts out of your head and help you over come the fear on your own.  but thats based off of my personal experience.  not many ppl follow through on for like i did.  well, i can prove that, i need to ask...
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty my ego flairs, but again, im better then other ppl at controling it.  unfortunately through text the words come off as being a dick sometimes.  well more then if you were talking to someone in person.  text does carry intent properly when you rush at it
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty well, most ppl.  your going to tell who i piss off because they will respond with how i am wrong or they will get defensive.  and thats not just for this thread.  you can see it everywhere. but its a normal fear based response.  it a challenge to the ego.	again natural...
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty and talk them down to a cool level then getting pissed off.  but that takes a lot of ego control, which is another aspect of this.  it teaches you to retrain the ego and have full control of it.  or so is the theory.  i believe i can do it better then anyone else...
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty exactly, plus, if no one ever takes the time to read the books and prove me wrong, they cant ever challenge a single thing i say without some really solid proof.  thats why i dont bother argue unless i have no one to talk to lol.  its easier to piss someone off and...
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty but different strokes for different folks.  liek i said, good, bad, cool, its all subjective to teh individual.  you can take it as far as you want or not.  but, again, i dont know if this is a voluntary experience yet.  i dont think it is but will find out what day
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty does that make sense.  the episodes are usually a sign that you are going to be tested on the thing that you just had the shakes over.  you can take that how ever you think i mean it, because your probably right.  im not asking anyone to believe.  thats not my problem...
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty its literally based on what you want to believe.  do you want to believe you dont deserve the things you want?  thats ok, its up to you.  your allowed ot believe wht you want.  but to get what you want you have to work for it.  the more you want, the greater the fear you face...
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty but once you teach yourself to get over it and forgive yoursel shit gets cool.  cool is subjective to the individual.  cool for me may not be cool for you and vice versa	a friend of mine put it best once, "i may not believe what you believe, but i believe that you believe"...
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty when i say everythign happens for a reason i mean it every time.  real life is crazy as fuck.  way fucking crazier then ppl think.  but its a cool crazy.  its not as scary as ppl think.  you gotta be afraid for a little bit and admit to yourself that, yes, you fucked up one time
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty exactly, which is why i need ppl to help me dumb it down.  i got half of first one typed out, not a lot, about 20000 words.  i had to hand write them all, just in case.  long story.  and i fucking hate typing
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty but i like to say everythign that comes to my mind because you never know whats going to be useful to someone who may be reading it, if someoen ever reads it.  does that make sense?
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty but i dont know if this is a voluntary experience.  you ahve to fully accept that everythign happens for a reason to understand that.  again, that may be hard for some ppl to expect, thats why i say if it happens again.  i know i could be wrong about everything i say...
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty learn the new concepts.  the new concpets teach how to beat teh never level of fears and challenges.  to get you to do the things you are afraid to do to achieve your goals by teaching you how to not want to do the bad stuff.  remember, bad is subject to the individual..
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty i over exagerating about the burning at the state lol.  i think.  thats really the only thing i get paranoid about anymore, but its not as crazy as it sounds when you over think it.  but tahts the point.  to recognize that your worst fears are possible.  thats why you need to..
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty google the cartoon sometime.  something tells me its gonna blow your mind lol.  the live action sucks ass.
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty why i want ppl to tear the book.  i want ppl to try to prove me wrong.  because i might be.  and it would be a huge help to know what i need to fix.  and thats because im not afraid to be mocked or ridiculed.  thats why i force myself to over come fear.  cause im weird AF lol
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty 100 ppl studying them in varying degrees, including myself.  all which is fully documented but i need i need to get permission to translate some data to make sense.  my believe, and i recognize, this could just be my ego, but i think its going to change the world...but thats...
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty i know i have.  the 3 of us arent the only ones reading this.  most ppl are too afraid to talk about thsi stuff so they make believe to ignore it.  you can tell because they strt acting funny.  you see their egos flair a little bit and they get defensive.  i worked with over..
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty a fear.  but if im right about a fraction of the things i talk about its going to make something cool happen.  the level of cool depends on how much of what i wrote makes sense to ppl.  if it does oh well.  i got other shit im working too.  i spend my time wisely
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty which reminds me, i need a volunteer or 2 or 3 or 100 to read them to make sure they make sense.  its hard to edit, when your the only person who has an opinion on it.  so when i say read it, i need ppl to tear into it and tell me whats wrong with it.  hows that for overcoming...
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty unique to the individual.  well thats my theory.  but i have pretty solid evidence that many of my theories are correct.  and i have alot.  i fit alot of works on 700 pages
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty exactly.  it scares you with literal fears to teach you better concepts of getting over those fears. that maybe a little bit of an abstract concept, but thats what i mean. the point of the episodes, as i call them, is to literally make you smarter.  but in a way thats totally...
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty those are the tame ones.  remember when i told you i wrote those books?  i had to burn one for a reason.  its a long story.  thats why i burnt it.  there was no way to explain it in a way that keep me from getting burned at the stake.  i took it to an extreme not many ppl have
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty 🤣	you ever watch the tick?  i think im gonna start calling you aurther lololol
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty you gonna be around tomorrow?  i got a shit ton a questions that could really help me out. its your time, so you let me know when you can be free.  doesnt have to be tomorrow either, im patient af.  and you are allowed to say no
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty lol dont worry i was just fucking with you
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 i didnt know how to explain it properly for a while and i was scaring the fuck out of ppl lol.  long story.  but again, you ever need me and youll know when if you ever do.  never hesitate.  believe me when i say ive been there.  be good adn please keep me updated either way
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 ive been working by myself for 7 months without a job trying to figure out how to help ppl get thru the hard parts so they dont ahve to do the really hard stuff on their own, if they choose not to.  i dont force what i do.  thats why i try to be open about it...
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 this may sound weird.  but the key to overcoming them is a very simple concept.  its like a game.  look at that thing that its trying to scare you with.  the game is to figure out why it scares you so that you can make it stop scaring you forever....
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 until you start to get the chills and shakes and your muscles fight you while your mind is trying to drive you insane.  its because your insane and your mind is trying to fix itself by for you to feel the negative emotion its trying to show you.  theres a system to it though...
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 to try to distract your self with stuff.  phones, games, tv, ppl, work, bills.  your brain washing to be afraid to say fuck it adn let go of the shit holding you back from doing what you want in life.  its scary, but it usualy starts small and get bigger and bigger...
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 the further you take it.  but take that how you will.  but it actually stops sucking at one point if you just listen to what its showing you.  if a natural defense mechanism that is forcing you to over come your fears.	thats why your scared alot.  thats why you constantly want...
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 everyone differently.  you ever wonder why everyone you know acts like they have a mental disorder?  ever wonder if you had one?  do you have one?  i know i talk weird sometimes, but tahts because i went further then most ppl are comfortable going. it only gets harder the...
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 but all my knowledge of this is my own experience.  like i said i never met anyone willing to admit it was happening to them as well.  i thought most ppl were just afraid to talk about it besides me.  theres some, but they only talk to certain ppl.  its happening to...
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 no i didnt think you did, i was making a joke with trey.  no offense meant.  believe, i know exactly what your going thru.  and i meant it when i said that if it comes back and you cant deal with it, let me know.  i cant prove it any way other then words right now
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty before when? today?
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 later man.  good luck.	later gator
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty well you talk to me.  what you do think?  am i crazy?
@trey_wing6 @MindSovereignty this is happening to you too?
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 like i said in another comment, ive been studying this for a while.  i have a couple questions but first i need to know when it passes.  again, like i said, youll know when it does.  take care.  oh and one more tip.  dont be afraid to feel scared.
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 let me know when you cant	be good	and heres a pro tip for the next round.  write down whats going on in your head.  everything you can.  youll know when it finally passes.  let me know when that happens if you dont mind.  im the only person i know who openly goes thru this
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 ive been working on studying it for the last 7 months.  yes i learned how to over come it.  but its not always easy.  sometimes it sucks.  but like i said, if you try to suppress it, it only comes on harder
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 theres a couple things happening at once
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 but your going to have to trust that i know more about this then you do right now.  deal?  all i ask in return is you help me get more ppl to take me serious.  easy peasy, livin greasy
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 im going to have you explain everything going on in your head.  even the stuff you dont want to talk about	you dont have to, its up to you.  but i think i should be able to at least get you to a point youll be able to take care of your self  for a little while	if you want
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 ok.  im not telling you that this is what you have to do, but im about to go to bed.  if you wnt me to stay up and walk you through this, dm me.  im going to grab a cig real quick.  but im going to ask you to do shit that you may not be comfortable with.
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 did you have a consciousness expanding experience recently?  possibly psychedelic?  pot counts.  or possibly some other euphoric experience not involving?
@MindSovereignty @trey_wing6 i go thru this on a regular basis	how long did it last?	if there is an emotion going through your head b4, during, and/or after, dont try to suppress it, it will come back stronger	but dont take my word for it.  let me know when/if it happens again and ill help you out if i can
Can You Stair Into My Eyes for 15 Minutes??????: https://t.co/ZraB1B4ugT via @YouTube
doing it at the time you did it, right?  its not like you went out of your way to hurt someones feelings.  or maybe you did, but who cares.  shit happens, if they cant get over it, fuck'em.  but you still need to forgive you.  or you can bottle this shit up forever.  not my
when you think about it.  ya that one.  well that is, if you know what im talking about, if not, that wasnt meant for you.  	anyway, look at that moment your beating yourself up for.  ask yourself, why did you do that thing you did?  i would imagine you had a valid reason for
person reading this&gt; ever get themselves out of this slump?  i have an idea.  		try this out, your gonna take a look in your self for a minute.  in the dark ugly part that youve been hiding from.  you know the place im talking about.  that one that makes your tummy feel funny
normal, but you have to realize one thing….		your never going to get over it until you forgive yourself.  (funny, i feel like i said this to several ppl already today)  So, how do you forgive yourself?  how god/universe/ &lt;insert name of favorite deity&gt; will &lt;inerst name of
trust me they'll get over it.  let me ask you a question, if you dont mind.  dO yOU bELIEVE iN kARMA?  i do.  trust me they got what was coming to them.  you know how i know?  because you feel bad about it.  well you may try to ignore that you feel that way, which is ok.  thats
really appreciated it, but thats ok, i dont think i did either.  your not the only person i talk to.  but seriously.  what do you think is wrong with you?  is it because of that thing you did that time?  was it really that bad though?  why, because you hurt someones feelings?
or girl thats bothers you so much, its YOU.  told you i was magic. 		so whats wrong with you?  i think your just fine (the song Earth Angel just came on my spotify, everythign happens for a reason).  if i didnt, i wouldnt waste my time talking to you.  though i dont think you
thats it?  not that dramatic…why?  is it ME?  i would be flattered if it was.  who knows you were probably on my mind too at some point.  i do believe taht when you think of someone they are thinking of you too, but thats a story for another time….   oh, its not just any boy
you still got some stuff going on in your head thats keeping you blocked up.  what could it be?  i wonder.  hmmm, wanna see if i can read your mind?  my magic powers are telling that your all blocked up because….of….a….(ready?)…..(are you sure?)…..a boy…or a girl….	really?
the sun would of been nice, as theres leo full moon next week but we got time		your plans are in motion.  You had plans?  good for you for thinking ahead.  not that many ppl actually take the time to do that.  but you still got some shit you need to do.  first off,
1/12/19 reading		easy to read version - https://t.co/JSvf9uMrdY		its been a minute since i wrote one of my readings.  been busy.	so heres what we got, no camera so you gotta take my word for it.	4 of wants, the tower, daughter of cups, 6 of wands, the moon, judgement and the star
RT @SayItValencia: Telling someone to fck off, is a big spiritual practice.	Don't let them tell you any different.
@trey_wing6 i wouldnt suggest playing with those cats.  their a little culty.  well, alot culty.
@trey_wing6 they actually have a real group on twitter	i read the book, it wasnt as bad as i thought, but i dont play well with groups like that	https://t.co/ooY5pGvMMI
@mtnsbymelody where you being chased?
@trey_wing6 it wouldnt be the first time lol	youve only known me for a few weeks.  last time i went dark was for almost 3 months
regrets are nothing more then lessons that we have failed to learn from the past	what do you regret?	why?	what can you learn from it? https://t.co/o4B7gRh0uj
@lbell424 perhaps this should be a lesson for all the rest of us that perhaps we dont really nee the government to take care of us, being that they cant even take care of their own
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/G3YE51yu5n LEO - Full Moon in Leo (January 15-28, 2019) - "LOVE FOUND YOU" right where you are..
RT @AlchemyinYou: LEO - Full Moon in Leo (January 15-28, 2019) - "LOVE FOUND YOU" right where you are.. - love career: https://t.co/dAeH448…
@TitaniaMcGrath are you saying all heterosexuals are homophobic?
@End_TheFederalR "that you are one of those ppl.." i meant	i think taht came out the wrong way
@End_TheFederalR what does total anarchy mean to you?  i feel from this statement that you ppl that equate anarchy to chaos.  i could be wrong but its just a feeling.  am i correct?  chaos being mass hysteria, riots, ppl dying in the streets, a road warrior scenario.
@FatherSciarappa are their any other priests that you could recommend that may be available?
@AudreyKitching im afraid to admit that im "wrong" about my old beliefs.  because if im "wrong" i might have to apologize.  but, do i really need to be sorry for something that taught me such a valuable lesson?	and whats the lesson?  its ok to be "wrong".  being "wrong" teaches you whats "right"
RT @AudreyKitching: I think beautiful things are about to happen. I trust that.
@xirtempest never trust anyone looking for a buck	theres a good reason why they arent giving their knowledge away, cause its not really worth as much as they claim
RT @xirtempest: I’ve been noticing the major difference between someone who is seeking attention versus actually wanting to have an authent…
RT @Timburgh: Have you ever been silent enough to hear your Self?
@xirtempest i take the exact opposite stance.  i think you should smoke as much weed as you can TO have those experiences.  it is my belief that experiencing those disorders helps clear the mind of negative psychosis.  but those are my opinion based off of my experience
Simulated Reality?: https://t.co/rhZ35gmazD via @YouTube
Think In Metaphors and Analogies w/ Demon Tarot: https://t.co/Gy0EfSh4CI via @YouTube
Think In Metaphors and Analogies w/ Wild Unknown: https://t.co/cItGnilWBB via @YouTube
RT @orchidslantern: If you've read Mind in the Gap recently, could I trouble you to write a quick review on Amazon? Also, remember to check…
reality is like a lucid nightmare.  the more you wake up the scarier it gets.
@Gerrrty maybe peaceful protests are the problem.  you cant ask a bully to stop bullying you.  well you can, but when the bully has guns, its a whole different story, but if you arent willing to die for your cause, then you have no cause, well you do, but its not going to be effective
@align_manifest read my mind lol	well mostly, i was gonna say talk to a mirror, i totally forgot about the podcast...even better
@align_manifest still there? the agitation i mean
@align_manifest did you end up figuring out what the agitation and anger was about?
RT @mtnsbymelody: Dont be so wrapped up in celebrities, addictions and escapisms that you know more about strangers and substances than you…
@align_manifest probably for the best.  heavy agitation and anger, towards the therapist or yourself?  im personally not a fan of therapists, anything they can do we can do better for ourselves.  but thats my opinion	my guess though is some ego attachment to said therapist
RT @AudreyKitching: Diamonds are created through intense pressure. To shine brighter we must endure and trust the process.
@jeepthing96 as a adult child of divorced parents and a soon to be divorcee...my advice is to NEVER get married.  but ppl dont like to be told what to do, so lets play a little reverse psychology.....GET MARRIED, YOU  WILL LOVE IT SO MUCH
@skylee_sullivan 🤣
RT @align_manifest: Opinions and experiences are two totally different ball games.
@align_manifest totally.  that makes much more sense.  freelancing what?  if you dont mind me prying
@align_manifest am i being presumptuous by saying that i dont think you really believe that?
@jordanbpeterson a form of self induced reprogramming based on looking inward at who i was and why i was the way i was	recognizing that no one was to blame for my behavior, not even me.  that i behaved the way i did to learn a lesson on how to behave better	but it took time, like all good things
@jordanbpeterson but again, thats my experience.  i spend my days forcing myself to conquer the fears that once held me back.  most of which stem from innate fears from the past.  by facing those fears/challenges they became less scary each time until it just became part of me.
@jordanbpeterson there was one aspect to the article that made sense.  men have issues with being vulnerable.  in my own life over the past months i have found that allowing myself to be vulnerable in a multitude of aspects in my day to day, that my general life experience was enhanced greatly
RT @MindTendencies3: No matter what you refuse to feel		It quietly accumulates		So when you think you have escaped from what you refused to…
@AsiatheGemini it is for some, but i dont know if they buy it
@jordanbpeterson but would any of us really have any friends if we didnt have enemies?  ive no doubt there are some good ppl out there, but the ones ive experienced are all stuck behind many many layers of fear that make them act the way that they do	but can you really blame ppl for being afraid?
@Silverybubble @FatherSciarappa i like that answer.  to be honest i was not expecting it.  but im not one to complain about being pleasantly surprised
@Silverybubble @FatherSciarappa i interpret the words figuratively as well as literally	it enhances the experience.
@Silverybubble @FatherSciarappa thats a very good story	i know what its like to put christ before ones family.  but would you walk away if He called you?	are you willign to give up the attachment w/o a fight?	words mean nothing if they arent followed up with action	are you willing to leave #2 w/o explanation?
@BillJPoe @MikeCoats1965 @EsotericExposal if there was someone who i would envision as the AC, it would be someone like tesla.  in regards to his ability to tap in.  im curious how many ppl like him are out there right now and we dont even know
@cerebralsymphoy nor did i claim to not.  i dont waste my time with grammer, thats because i know my grammer is shit lol.  but you called someone stupid, for expressing a thought.  just because its not your thought doesnt mean its stupid.  but i think you realize that.
RT @xirtempest: To those who have been sexually assaulted, it will take a lot of healing and self-love to release suppressed emotions befor…
@trey_wing6 lol
@trey_wing6 holocaust movie.
@trey_wing6 well played lol		i was inspired by schindlers list.  just watched it for the first time last night
@align_manifest almost like a invisible wall?  how i mean that, is almost like there is something you know is there, but its just not poking its head out of the shadow for you to get a good look at.  thats the imagine coming to my mind at least.
@4bidden444 @MrAstrotheology to something very specific gong on in your life.  as you read the words youll probably notice yourself getting distracted with images.  explore what your mind is showing.  its a neat trick someone taught me some time ago
@4bidden444 @MrAstrotheology next time you ahve a chance, try this thought experiment.  open the bible to any of jesus's parables, as he said himself, "i speak in parable (metaphor)".  anyway, open to any one of his stories and read it.  but dont look at it literally, think about how it directly relates...
@4bidden444 @MrAstrotheology https://t.co/4bcBLeFLr9		but do i believe yehsua existed?  i havent seen anyone thing to prove he did not.  but i also look at the new testament being grossly misinterpreted.  i approach it from a metaphorical standpoint, in terms of the law of analogy/correspondences
@4bidden444 @MrAstrotheology it basically, in a nutshell, explains the story of christ, amongst other savior deities through the cycles of the zodiac.  and i'll assume you may be a reader, but here is a book i have been putting off reading for some time	"the worlds 16 crucified saviors"
@4bidden444 i believe that there was a spiritual teacher that embodied the notion of christ.  but i also believe that the person we perceive as christ is one of many.  have you ever looked into astrotheology?  @MrAstrotheology has some amazing videos on YT on the subject.
3 Hrs Sleep: https://t.co/A7lLBzD0Aa via @YouTube
@obscuree_ im going to disagree here, to an extent	only for the fact that even after we stop talking to ppl, we still have our own issues that we need to get out of our system. it when we continue to dwell is when it becomes a problem.  but it sounds like you got a dweller
@align_manifest figure out on my own that this thing i am so scared of will only happen if i let it happen.  that ultimately its my choice to let it come or do what i can to create the outcome that i desire.  i hope that makes sense
@align_manifest i have found, again just in my experience, and im really just assuming now that we are talking about the same thing, i have a major revelation afterwards.  what do i mean by that?  that after i experience the fear, for lack of a better term, i rationalize it enough to...
@align_manifest from what ive experienced, its can be debilitating.  cold chills, the shakes, headache.  sometimes the "after shocks" can last a day or so after.  my tactic is to embrace it fully and just go were ever it takes me.  the pain, emotional and physical and really suck, but...
@align_manifest i think i know what your saying.  does it almost feel like a burst of emotion, fear, sadness, anger.  i get those from time to time.  when i due i focus on it and let it show me what it wants.  ive had episodes like that that last a few minutes, a few hours and a few days
@4bidden444 im come from the alchmist/gnostic/kaballistic stance that jesus/yeshua has 0 power at all.  that christ, the essence of it, is in each of us individually and speaks to us all individually
RT @AudreyKitching: The energy flu is real. The best medicine is meditation, silence and rest.
@AudreyKitching when you said energy flu i presume your talking about that wonky, flu like feeling in the mind after a major release	i usually notice it coupled with a head ache, slight dizziness and an over all lethargic mood.
@right558 @EsotericExposal but do you believe that that negative engergy be transformed into something else?  for instance, that it may start in a place of negativity and through acknowledgement be transmuted into something positive?
@4bidden444 reminds me of einsteins definition of insanity
@4bidden444 i agree.  most ppl have a tendency 2 do the same thing everyday expecting different results, almost like their waitting on sum outside force 2 bring them the change that they are looking for, not always thinking that they need to be the catalyst of their own change
@mtnsbymelody weird, i wanted to RT this but i can.  but either way.  Yes.  one of the smartest things ive read today
@right558 @EsotericExposal what i mean, if i did intention push your buttons, perhaps it was an experiment to see if could make you my friend.  but in order to do that, i would need to make you mad.  would you consider that vibrational manipulation or inspiration?
@right558 @EsotericExposal i absolutley believe that	the science of frequency/vibraintion, in my opinion havent even been fully realized, as far as i can c	i also believe that vibrational influence can b done on the individual level as well	imagine if i didnt agitate u from the get go?	wud we b talking now
@JayLaGrant and thats the beauty of communication.  turns out you and me were talking more of the same language then either of us realized.  thats why i hate text.  leaves to much room for too many assumptions.  but look at it this away, would we have spoken any other way?
@JayLaGrant i didnt get that impression from the post, but thats my interpretation	thats also assuming the child wants to open up to the parents though.  not all do.  some like their space.	but im sure we can agree that its even important to support them if they dont like to talk to us
@_PhillyChimp_ @MikeCoats1965 @EsotericExposal thats why i was asking .  i dont consider being familiar with the bible knowing it cover to cover.
@_PhillyChimp_ @MikeCoats1965 @EsotericExposal go on please, because i dont recall those parts of the bible.  or at least cite them for others	im unfamiliary with the third temple. were is that stated?	wounded how? and healed how?	im not sure what the "etc" meant.  could give passage verses?
@ssryan6466 @EsotericExposal if the AC is real, i would say its someone that most ppl will ever know	well i dont think that they will ever know for certain, at least not until its too late	and by that point it wont matter to anyone not following him, you dig?
@LowTaxChloe it sounds like they think the voters are stupid.  are they wrong though?	should stupid voters be in control?	stupid voters were never in control to begin with.	they are only led to believe they are, because they were stupid.  but that goes for every country with voters
@_PhillyChimp_ @MikeCoats1965 @EsotericExposal i am familiar with the bible, what signs are you talking about?  theres quite a few mentioned in the bible.		  any particular scripture your talking about?  theres quite a few mentioned
RT @EsotericExposal: The Antichrist will not have a demonic look. He will appear as a good person who cares, has all the answers, and the a…
@Chillaghan @EsotericExposal look at it like this.  if the AC is real, he would be coming to bring down the churce and its teachings for a reason.  because their shit.  i look at it like this.  one mans christ is another mans anti christ
@MikeCoats1965 @EsotericExposal you never will unless he comes out and says it, which will probably never happen because, as they say, if you gotta say it to get attention, its probably not true
@_PhillyChimp_ @MikeCoats1965 @EsotericExposal or maybe he already knows your waiting for that response and isnt going to do it just because everyone is expecting him too.  and if you claim to know what hes thinking  wouldnt that make you potentially the antichrist?
@VolkersBram @EsotericExposal chances are you wont even notice.  i wouldnt imagine its going to be on every tv screen.  it will more then likely be someone moving behind the scenes that you may or may never even interact with.  or maybe you did already and didnt even know.  that would be weird
RT @Enigma0165: https://t.co/9CxGAN6NzM	Excerpt from The Fairy-Faith in Celtic Countries During the years 1907 - 9 this study first took sh…
@right558 @EsotericExposal you dont think they can wireless control your mind through frequency already? it doesnt take too much effort.  as for the implants and neural lace, do you have any good info on those?  i like to learn.
@right558 @EsotericExposal unless they already got you under their control	but how would you even know?	but i know what your probably thinking, "im too advanced to be under their control just yet"	i used to think that too	i think we both got something to learn
@CiriusPants @cerebralsymphoy is that something i should be familiar with, the supidist movement?	this is a movement?	being stupid?	it seems to confirmed to be be more of a way of life for most ppl	i think the movement ended a long time ago and its getting time to clean up the mess
@right558 @EsotericExposal how can you resist if you dont control your own mind?  simple.  you dont	but i think thats the point	if you were capable of controling your own mind you would and if not, you will get what is coming to you	i dont believe the universe/karma feels bad for lazy ppl
@cerebralsymphoy considering your handle, i would assume you would realize this person is speaking is using a metaphor before calling it "STUPIDIST".  and im not one to call ppl out on their grammer, its far beneath me, but i dont like the way you handled yourself w/ this	its spelt stupidest.
@JayLaGrant but i dont think you can make anyone learn anything, all you can do is guide	there has to be room for the childs own trial and error so they can test their own theories &amp; come up w/ their own conclusions on how to conduct themselves	but i agree in that parental guidance is vital
what about segregating ppl based on their zodiac?  im sure theres a few ppl out there that will agree with that one.  dont ppl hate geminis?  the taurus genocide might be a bit much, but thats my dream, no one elses
what if you wanted to wipe out a group of ppl based on their zodiac sign?  i dont think that would be catagorized under zenophobia.  is there a name for that?  but i was thinking that if i ever gain power that im going to call for the genocide of all Turians
@buzzman888 2nd chance to clean their mess
@buzzman888 no need for a wall	US invade mexico and theres no need for a wall	mexico doesnt seem to be on the verge of fixing itself, so maybe be leave it under US military control unless the old regime wants a 2nd chance to their mess
@align_manifest "Your spot on man..."	3:33a, which is odd because i dont thik its displaying the right time
@align_manifest and vice versa.  but i think its unique to the learner to figure it out.  but thats where i believe the law of analogy/correspondences comes into play heavily.  when looked at like a metaphor its actually pretty easy to see how everything relates to something else
@align_manifest and that is probably why i enjoy sharing thoughts with ppl the most.  i come from the school that everyone has something to teach and/or inspire.  but that goes back to everythign happening for a reason.  i believe that everyone we interact with is there to teach us something...
@align_manifest im big on numberology, im not an expert but i know some stuff.  did you notice the time you posted that reply?  i pay attention to that stuff, i think everything happens for a  reason.  but either way you helped inspire the thought.
@obscuree_ but thats me
@obscuree_ not always	its could also be choosing to take what we learned from the past to make it better then what it was, if we learned everything we were supposed to.  and others its moving on to figure out the lessons we havent learned yet.	i dont look at it in terms of right &amp; wrong
@xirtempest &amp; dont forget all that cool shit i told u about 7 wen we first started talking	777 is the jackpot	21 is black jack	21 = 7 + 7 + 7	i forget if i mentioned that 777 in the esoteric traditions is known as the perfect number, as well as the number of god, i consider god consiousness
@xirtempest from a literal stand point yes.  but i also look at things metaphorically  and relate the things ppl say to, exactly that, my own experiences.  but i again, everythign happens for a reason, if you hadnt tweeted this exact tweet, would i have experienced that same inspiration?
@xirtempest inspired me to realize that i may be right.  i hope everyone else you inspire shows you how.  i feel its the obligation of the person being inspired to at least show some gratitude for the inspiration.  i think this is the 2nd time this week with you.  your killing it
@xirtempest come up with.  but i can only prove so much.  some theories stay as theories, until i can make a better one or someone can come along and inspire me to think other wise.  you just inspired the shit out of me, but not because you made me think other wise, but in a way...cont
@xirtempest like a radio frequency.  our brains are just tuning.  i look at it almost, and maybe even an aspect of, the electromagnetic spectrum in some respect.  granted my knowledge of the esoteric traditions is what ultimately helped me come too most of the conclusions i have...cont
@xirtempest no they dont, most ppl i mean.  but its suprising how quickly they can figure it out with a little nudge in the right direction, whether consciously or not	you are really starting to talk my language now.  one of my theories of consciousness is that its more....cont
@align_manifest writing worked for a time.  but one i got the past out, video seemed better suited for putting what i learned to the test.  i move move around alot when i talk and i like to watch my face and body language.  i like to own my "weird" behavior as much as possible.  it helps
@align_manifest truth	i think though alot of ppl have a hard time being vulnerable because of the past.  i think youd agree with that.  you said something on the podcast that i thought was genius.  record yourself.  anyway you can.  video, words. images.  what ever releases those past blocks
@xirtempest did you know that?
@xirtempest im very curious where you are going with this	what you said brings to my mind the word apocalypse.  its my belief ppl miss define the word as the end of the physical world	it comes from the greek word apokaluptein, which means to uncover or to reveal that which is hidden.
RT @xirtempest: No longer do I worry about what’s hidden, soon it will be revealed. The pressure on my shoulders cannot hold me down and th…
RT @obscuree_: people will watch you walk on water and say it’s because you can’t swim so just remember to not pay any mind to the miserabl…
@align_manifest thats the goal	i look at wut im doing as the cocoon stage of my process	figuring out how to survive doing what im doing w/o a doing a conventional job	once i do that, then its out of the head and enjoying life	i lived the other way for WAY TOO LONG
@align_manifest its all i do.  i cant work a regular job because dont want to waste thinking/learning time.  some ppl think its weird, but i think its weird that they arent doing the same thing lol.
RT @obscuree_: are you healed or just distracted?
@align_manifest i forgot, i relate a emotional relationship to creation because i look at it from the stand point of the hermetic axiom, as above so below, aka the law of analogy.  in hermetics, all things are an analogy for somethign else.  i dont think most ppl fully appreciate that concept
@align_manifest what you meant, then i guess, i took the long road to say, i agree lol
@align_manifest of attraction and desire are skewed as well. think of it like their "negative" accentuates our "positive" and vice versa. i dont know if your familiar with astrology and the meaning behind the concept of elements and their effects on the personality.  unless thats exactly...cont
@align_manifest would our mirrors be the female version of us?  or the opposite of everythign we are looking for in that other person.  i know that is the opposite of what everyone thinks, but maybe thats the point	we been conditioned to believe so much that is false, perhaps our concepts...cont
@align_manifest ive wondered this, but i look at it from an esoteric stand point.  in the eso tradtions creation comes from the joining of the maculine forces &amp; Feminine.  perfect opposites.  to the point that while the one attracts, the other retracts away from. which made me wonder...cont
this is a valuable lesson most ppl miss	theres always something to learn and growth to be had.  but if you dont integrate those lessons into your life, then whats the point https://t.co/GmDxuGh1YU
RT @AudreyKitching: Release it all. Let it go forever.
RT @holisticsar: We have entered a window of time of rapid forward motion. With zero planets in retrograde, we are being given the chance t…
RT @stardazingxo: after a long year of retrogrades all planets are finally direct, we won’t be having another retrograde until march when m…
@MindTendencies2 ive been there, on both ends	but i also bliev that sometimes we misinterpret others and think they are just trying to be right, which like you said, most are	but most ppl dont like having their beliefs challenged &amp; they def dont like to admit, i could be wrong	ive been there 2
RT @EsotericExposal: One of the most famous magical words is "abracadabra". Thought to be Aramaic in origin, it has been translated as "I c…
RT @UmarFof: I didn’t change; I just see things differently now.
RT @xirtempest: Am I the only one who doesn’t trust “spiritual gurus” who speak from a place of “superiority” above others rather than a pl…
RT @AudreyKitching: We are dealing with a final collapse right now. This energy is overwhelming but it will liberate you from the past if y…
@FatherSciarappa Whoever finds his life will lose it, and whoever loses his life for my sake will find it.
@FatherSciarappa And a person’s enemies will be those of his own household. Whoever loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me, and whoever loves son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me. And whoever does not take his cross and follow me is not worthy of me...cont...
@FatherSciarappa Matthew 10:34-39	“Do not think that I have come to bring peace to the earth. I have not come to bring peace, but a sword. For I have come to set a man against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law....cont...
@MindTendencies3 in a sense they r right tho, if you look @ it from their perspective	2 them, perhaps, being a victim = weakness	perhaps also, from their perspective, by being a "abuser", they dont perceive themselves as an "abuser", as i would presume that most abusers dont c themselves that way
@astroleogyy i think its more controversial that you think its ok for you to decide what others could/should say.	just because you dont agree doesnt mean its right for anyone else but you.	her behavior is based on her experiences, not yours.  my opinion is that you are more oppresive then her
RT @EsotericExposal: Free thinkers will always seem crazy to those who do not take the time to do their own research.
How I Read Cards For Myself-Pt2: https://t.co/vhPsSaegGT via @YouTube
How I Read Cards For Myself-Pt1: https://t.co/VBtGGr15Mn via @YouTube
Changing the Way I Think: https://t.co/1YZnUErOOI via @YouTube
RT @xirtempest: Sometimes I feel like the world deals with so much disconnection bc hurt people tend to project their pain onto each other,…
@xirtempest its an epidemic.  bad programming from our parents, our friends, our education...almost everything.  welllllll, maybe even everything, im still trying to figure that out.  everything takes a long time to sift through
We've Gone to Plaid!!!!!!: https://t.co/XVQnPN5Krs via @YouTube
Vulnerability - audio may suck: https://t.co/z3ygDdbDL5 via @YouTube
Finally...Sunshine: https://t.co/PAhDjDX6Bf via @YouTube
Daemon Tarot: https://t.co/zexNQSBWI3 via @YouTube
RT @align_manifest: Hey family! Starting my podcast would love the help and support! Big love to everyone!! :)		Support my podcast at https…
@SrAndrewFSP we r bad, i thought that was the point.  2 acknowledge that we are capable of sin, just like anyone else.  my philosophy is that a good person is someone who recognizes the darkness in themselves but chooses not to do those things because it is recognized as our perception of bad
Master of the Masters: https://t.co/1GiYWStauK via @YouTube
Just Say NO...Dare: https://t.co/eBi6KZvim1 via @YouTube
Just Walk Away: https://t.co/xSuYIPWizG via @YouTube
@medicus44 i look at it like this.  stagnation is death. but death is the the first step in rebirth
@medicus44 exactly, and thats existance.  it may have been the grimey cigs video where i get into that.  learning/growing/evolving from our experiences.  i didnt use those exact words but ill will in the future.  because like you said, we are always changing, well we should be
literal vs non literal: https://t.co/Eb5r2aYBUA via @YouTube
Grimey Cigs: https://t.co/fokiuFAZSv via @YouTube
RT @AudreyKitching: Society programming encourages us to say YES at any chance we get. It molds us into people pleasers who sacrifice our t…
@medicus44 almost like detaching from ourselves to find out who we really are or what we really believe.  i could probably word taht better but, yes, just like you said
RT @medicus44: @toksikshok To my mind, a durable way of conceptualizing this idea is to frame it as non-attachment. Especially, non-attachm…
@medicus44 when i had a phone, i used to set up reminders of certain sayings, like "i could be wrong", to go off every couple hours.  because of daily stress and regular life bullshit, we need constant reminding of things like this
Opinions pt 2: https://t.co/94fux9bgDy via @YouTube
Opinion pt 1: https://t.co/dZd5DZxjbF via @YouTube
@End_TheFederalR whats really going on?
I Smoked: https://t.co/AhViam7CMi via @YouTube
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/CEgYne4u9W All Signs - Weekend Forecast! Jan 4-
does the experiment work?	i dont know, i need you to tell me		1/5/19 Tarot Reading - Solar Eclipse Special https://t.co/7ajfxQtFA2 via @YouTube
1/5/19 Tarot Reading - Solar Eclipse Special: https://t.co/sgS3iXy82c via @YouTube
talking seems to be my new favorite thing	well for right now		no cigarettes https://t.co/JKfUvXyjOl via @YouTube
no cigarettes: https://t.co/9Jhkz1pYBz via @YouTube
teddy bear jammies		https://t.co/ifGHxxlnTX
@GalaxieGalCA @itsjasonborne where can you buy it?	if there physical evidence that shows the results of the work from the 50/60s?	and what proof is there the above mentioned ppl had it injected in their eye?	also, and im being honest, you shouldnt believe everything you see in movies
RT @xirtempest: The material world has lied to us all our lives, diluting the power of the untouchable. For what cannot be seen and what ha…
@itsjasonborne is there actual evidence of the adrenochrome in the eye thing or is that just words?  is there even evidence of adrenochrome being a thing or isnt that just hear say?
RT @obscuree_: DONT SURROUND YOURSELF WITH PEOPLE WHO ARE AT THE SAME PLACE MENTALLY AS THEY WERE A YEAR AGO, SUREOUND YOURSELF WITH ENERGY…
RT @PsychologyDoc: To be normal, is the ideal of the unsuccessful.
@ChurchofSatan the funny thing is that most ppl who call satanists satanists are closer to being true satanists then the actual satanists their pointing the finger at, but thats justmy opinion.  i also think most satanists, at least the ones that need to flaunt it, are phonies anyway
@SayItValencia good point.  coming from over coming the need to control everything to being motivated is a strange transition.  especially after these last 2 days, its like jumping from one extreme to the other.
@xirtempest well said
this right fucking here	follow if you dont	super smarty	👇👇👇👇 https://t.co/TXQBuvBhZJ
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/KuJgJr0GWl Over Coming Fear Test
@WhiteHouse at least if us takes over mexico, it will shut everyone the fuck up about the stupid fucking wall and immigrants.  maybe its not that we have too many ppl, maybe its because we have too many governments making too many shitty rules.
@WhiteHouse i think a drawbridge would be way cooler.  and big moat underneath with crocodiles in it.	but i can also see how a wall would be more practical than that.	why not just take over mexico? then we dont need a wall or a moat or drawbridge or crocodiles.
@medicus44 thats awesome to hear.  sounds like a huge transformation since we did your cards over the summer.  	im still doing my thing.  been on a ton of crazy adventures.  things are only getting weirder and weirder lol
@medicus44 @YouTube thank you sir.  i was actually just thinking about you recently.  how you been?
@EllaIsYourQueen @YouTube thank you.  that was just a test run.  ill think of cool shit to say next time
if you follow me, you know i like to talk about overcoming fears and the other nasty stuff that holds us back in life.  	heres something i dont really want to do, but am forcing myself to anyway		Over Coming Fear Test https://t.co/1VvoL2DJ55 via @YouTube
Over Coming Fear Test: https://t.co/KuJgJrihNT via @YouTube
RT @Party_TypeChic: Day 2 of reprogramming the subconscious mind 🥳
@EdLatimore why?
@asunflowerpose God is what every you want him/her/it to be
RT @AudreyKitching: If you are healing, aware of your own growth / evolution and on the path to evolving your consciousness, you are locked…
i feel completely out of character RT'ing this, but i love honey and i dont like NOT looking at this https://t.co/A1v3ZdJzO1
RT @Party_TypeChic: Why would God put shit on the earth he aint want us to discover. Seems counterproductive. And like a setup for failure.…
RT @xirtempest: If you’d like to join a passionate, open-minded collective of psychedelic activists, please DM @TheDailyShroom or me if you…
@FatherSciarappa seems like youve been getting heated over something these past couple days
@Party_TypeChic if you dont mind, start writing the hard ones down.  i can help.  i fucking love interpreting dreams.  im really good at it to, or so i tell myself lol
@Party_TypeChic ditto.  thats somethign alot of ppl dont pay attention to.  its so much fun though.  i was wowing my tarot group on fB the other night doing interpretations for all the ladies lol
@Party_TypeChic do you analyze them?  your dreams i mean.  i find them to be a great source for guidance
RT @Party_TypeChic: Discard anything that doesn’t resonate with you. Follow your heart. Follow your happiness. Stay fearless because you ar…
RT @AudreyKitching: Trying to explain yourself to lower vibrational people and getting absolutely nowhere is something everyone on the asce…
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/Si1Zcb7ggB Leo - Jan. 1st - 15th “The Empress and the Emperor!"
RT @Numerology2019: It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
@Kpmbyrnes @FatherSciarappa why?
@FatherSciarappa but arent you being a jerk for calling someone a jerk?	and casting stones.  what did they say that was jerk like?	perhaps further inquiry to the "jerk" could shed light on their perspective, as perspective is the reality to those who are perceiving it	or do you not agree?
@4bidden444 youd be surprised at what, what may appears to be an insult really means if you put some thought into why it was said.  remember grasshopper.  everything happens for a reason.
@4bidden444 heres a life hack i learned on my journey, some ppl think im nuts but fuck em	pay attention to what other ppl say.  even the ones that are unaware.  even the assholes.  especially them.  imagine next time you do.  that they are transmitters too.  only difference is, only you know
RT @xirtempest: You have no control over what other people think of you, so why put so much effort hiding behind a mask? You don’t need to…
@xirtempest i got a feel those intense days you were having were pretty intense.  you seem very different lately.  more empowered almost.  im digging it.  maybe im wrong.  or maybe im smoking too much pot.	either way keep it up.  you been sounding like a bad mother fucker
@AlricJess @Saints43_ @EsotericExposal matter of fact...you just gave me a really fucking good idea.  i have to remember to write this conversation down.  so i remember to say thank you if it works lol.
@AlricJess @Saints43_ @EsotericExposal of course, but thats the point. if one person sees so much in it, why doesnt anyone else?  perhaps there is more to it then ppl think.  not saying everything in said book would be 100%, but at least some one thought it was more than the boring symbol a parody society thinks it is
holes.  from the dark and scary recesses of your mind.  let them come.  and when they do shine some your own light on those shadows.  realize your more then who you think you are.  your the one with the power, no one else and never let anyone make you think that.
reconcile the your own past, your going to be doomed to repeat it over and over.  look deep into yourself.  look at the things that still haunt you, but this time dont back down to them.  dont hide or scurry away like usual.  stand up and let them come out of their dark little
to figure the whys and the hows, and maybe even the whos, but does it matter?  does it really matter?  the past is done.  and i can confidently say that as in less then an hour the world of 2018 will be over and just another memory of the past.  look forward.  if you cant
no, but who is?  no one.  	stop blaming others, because you may not realize it, but they dont blame you either, well, not in their head.  your not the only one looking at yourself right now.  i know your probably frustrated and i know your probably pulling some hair out trying
a wise person is going to take a look in the mirror first.  as much as we want to point the finger at them, you need to let it go and look at you first.  put your ego to the side for a minute and long deep look into that the reflection.  is this person guilt free?  sinless?
Just walk away and let yourself be filled with your own love and light.  i know its hard to do.  i know its painful.  but you are the one thats going to have find the courage and strength within you and really look back on this situation.  whos to blame?  whos right?  whos wrong?
they didnt really deserve?  and for that matter, could we say the same about you?  either way there is a lot of negativity here.  something very dark, very grimey.  but you need to let this go.  just WALK AWAY!  its over.  theres nothing to salvage right now, only more misery.
up a lot of space in your mind.  possibly someone you think betrayed you.  but did they really?  or perhaps you did something to them as well?  every story has at least 2 victimes when all is said and done, but are either of you really victims?  did you do anything to them that
holding onto and probably its holding on to you as well.  something your having a hard time letting go of.  better be careful though because this things really has a hold on you and you them.  this doesnt look like something healthy for either of you.  and it definitely is taking
so we are both to blame, but anyway.  its difficult to forgive other ppl sometimes, but sometimes its even harder to forgive yourself.  this person popped back up recently, my own fault, and it ended just as quickly.  all for the best, but anyway….		Theres something your
me at least.		i asked how things are going to pan out between myself and a another person that i would prefer to not have in my life at this moment, but it is what ever the universe decides.  but this person has been toxic to me for a long time, well i was toxic to them as well,
7 card draw, no particular spread	we got, in order, 4 of pentacles, 8 of cups, 10 of swords, 10 of cups, strenth, father of swords and judgement	ill lay it out in story mode as i would read it for a client and maybe itll resonate with someone, maybe not, but it meant something to
needed.  im going to share my interpretation of the cards so feel free to give your view on it as well.  id love to hear another perspective.  my phone is busted so i can send a picture so youll have to take my word for it.  		im using the wild unknown deck, if your wondering.
so i wanted to run a few cards for myself before the end of the year.  it was a basic question pertaining to some personal things going on in my life that have been weighing on me for a few months now, but ive been workign on it and i think this was the last bit of guidance i
@AlricJess @Saints43_ @EsotericExposal symbolism is a tricky game to follow if not understood fully	baphomet for instance, one could probably write a few books on everything going on in that image
“May the New Year bring you courage to break your resolutions early! My own plan is to swear off every kind of virtue, so that I triumph even when I fall!”		― Aleister Crowley, Moonchild
@Enigma0165 not a bad book.  but not as deep as i was hoping.  i beleive it was the tarot and kaballah sections that were lack luster for me.  but thats me
@FatherSciarappa a priest friend of mine once said when talking about the meeting of St. Dominic and St Francis, "the road to sainthood is a team effort".
@Saints43_ @EsotericExposal and i was just doing a little digging.	the GW was based off of the statue of zeus at olympia that was made by the sculptor Phidias
@Saints43_ @EsotericExposal good	&amp; technically, that image of baphomet is a symbolic image 4 expanding human consciousness.  it wasnt intended to represent satan	the upward pentacle reps. spiritual enlightenment	unlike the downward pent. which puts the material existance over the spiritual, ie satanism
Abracadabra - I create as I speak
this statue is older then the drawing of baphomet which was drawn by eliphas levi in or around 1856	the GW statue was commisioned in the late 1700's	fear not https://t.co/QvtzQLAADe
@Saints43_ @EsotericExposal the GW statue is about 30 years older then that depiction of baphomet.
@xirtempest hopefully that makes sense.  i had some wine....
@xirtempest but i believe that you believe it
@xirtempest so to speak.  8 billion ppl with 8 billion perspectives, is 8 billion gods.  but when a majority of individuals believe the same thing, that collective energy is giving power to what it is they believe.  but like a friend said to once.  i may not believe what you believe...
@xirtempest absolutely, if a majority of ppl worship extra sharp chedder as god, extra sharp is god, so i also believe that god is a reflection of the human collective. but i also believe that god is a reflection of the individual as well.  like most things i believe god is a perspective,...
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/x8szJxuXwV
@FatherSciarappa you can say that cuz you practice safe tweeting
@EsotericExposal fan fiction
everything i mentioned above. like i said there are multiple meanings to every concept and idea. it gets really fun once you can see how they work together.
existance. but thats a story for another time. theres just as many interpretations of these concepts as there are ppl living in the world.		hope that made some kind of sense. seems silly for me to be studying all this stuff and not share it. and, there is so much more to
others believe that we repeat our own lives over and over again until we get everything right. others still believe that we can also repeat our lives mistakes and triumphs multiple times within this one life, until we gain what we need to transcend into higher planes of
the constance revolution of the 4 concepts of birth, life, death, and rebirth. over and over throughout eternity. because without death there can be no life and no birth without rebirth. some traditions, such as hinduism, classify the idea of rebirth in the form of reincarnation.
rebirth. but heres where it gets really cool. what happens when you spin a square fast enough? it has the appearance of a circle. which brings up to the final aspect of the philosophers stone's symbolism.		the circle represents the unending, cyclical, circle, nature of existance.
formulated over the course of a year from deeply studying a multitude of religions, philosophies and mystic traditions. but i digress, i think my ego needed to pop out for a second lol.	but each point also represents the 4 elements of existance itself, birth; life; death; and
with the square. the points of the square itself represent, again, the 4 letters of the tetragrammaton. i just want to make a quick side note and mention that all of these things have multiple meanings and interpretations, just so happens that mine is my favorite as it was
conjuction with each other. that may sound a little complex but they dont teach this stuff in school anymore so you may need ot use your imagination a little bit.		so thats the triangle. what about the square and the circle. in essence they represent the same thing. ill start
likes to have stuff and be in control of as much as it can. alchemy was used to teach its initiates, students, to overcome their own human nature and allow themselves to relinquish control over to the intuitive, subconscious mind. allowing both the ego and intuition to work in
minds to create what is known in some circles as Unity or Christ consciousness. it represents the highest level of spiritual enlightenment that one can achieve on the physical plane of existance. what that means is that one is no longer controlled by their ego mind, the one that
and circle, which in itself holds more meaning then i really have the time to put down right now. but heres a basic break down.		the 3 points of the triangle represent the "holy trinity", the father, the mother and the son. they represent the union of the egoic and intuitive
that the tetragrammaton is further explained with an understanding of the symbology of the philosophers stone, a mythical artifact said to hold the power to transform pure lead into gold and grant the user eternal life, and happens to be my banner image of the triangle, square
mystical existance of human beings; the spirit; the soul; the astral and the physical, which are represented in the 4 worlds of the Kabalistic tree of life, which is a discussion for another time as it gets way more complex then what i just said.		even more interesting though is
of the zodiac; taurus; leo; scorpio and aquarius, which each in turn represent the 4 elements; fire; water; air and earth, which are represented in the 4 suits of the minor arcana of the tarot; wands; cups; swords and pentacles, which in turn all represent the 4 qualties of the
but, while reading i was reminded of the correlation of the tarot and kabalistic tree of life in conjunction with the tetragrammaton that i always found quite interesting and decided to share.		you see, the 4 letters of the tetragrammaton are also represented by the 4 fixed signs
mind and even others still, its all of those things at the same time. an understanding of the Hermetic principle of correspondences, or law of analogy, "as above so below, as within so without", is rather helpful to fully grasp the immensity of the previously mentioned concepts.
the name of God from the bible. but in the occulted traditions, Jehovah isnt just a being who had a son who died for your sins, no. in some traditions it is a being, in others it is the creative essence from where the entire cosmos was created, in others its the mind behind your
is discussed. for those unfamiliar, the tetragrammaton is the "secret name of god". it is represented in the hebrew alphabet by 4 letters, Yod He Vau He, or the english letters IHVH. in english it translate to Jehovah, which im sure more then one of you may be familiar with as
i was just reading a book, Introduction to the Study of the Tarot, by Paul Foster Case, which reminded me another great book on the tarot that i read earlier this year, Tarot of the Bohemians, by Papus. In both books the term, which i was at a time unfamiliar with, tetragrammaton
@jordanbpeterson touche'	but like saying goes, those who dont learn from the past are destined to repeat it.
summer.  we did alot of cool shit together and i helped them get through some weird shit.  some ppl like to treat me like im a little loopy, but i have seen some shit that would give most ppl nightmares for life.  heres to hoping i get that picking back up again soon.  cuz
blocks.  some of the deeper fear based emotions are harder to get through for some but thats why you take it slow.  like i used to tell my clients, when i had them, its all about the baby steps.	but my first job was working for this family, who i worked with a few times over the
down with some, preferable with a little pot and some spirits (booze) and talking about whats troubling them, and hopefully letting out a couple tears.  this is something i still practice everyday on myself.  in the spirital community, some refer to this as releasing emotional
if your mad, you think of something that pisses you off.  those are demons.  well think of it like this.  demons are what we woudl consider the lower vibrations of thought, while angels are the higher vibrations of thought.  	so exorcizing a demon is nothign more then sitting
we have a general idea of how ppl act when they feel a certain way.  but heres the real mind fuck for you.  those emotions exist whether you feel them at this moment or not.  they live inside of you and they think about you.  thats why when your sad, you think of someting sad or
like this.  every emotion that you and i feel are basically frequencies that our brain taps into, which allow us to feel.  i think this can be easily explained like this.  think of angry ppl.  they typically all act the same, in general.  think of happy ppl.  think of ppl in love
blaire or some other shitty exorcist movie out there.  ive never seen one that dramatic before, but its not that crazy.  Demons possession is actually quite easy to understand if you look at demons from a different perspective then how they are typically portrayed.	think of it
witchcraft, also known as La Vecchia Religione, The Old Religion.  She was a pretty cool chick that specialized in candle magic.  i think she had the hots for me lol, but thats a story for another time.	but, i would presume that when i said exorcist you had visions of linda
some ppl think this is weird, but for a little while over the summer i worked as an exorcist, yup.  pretty cool right?  i even had a partner who was a witch.  not one of those dorky ones that buys the wica books at B&amp;N, but a 5th Stregheria witch.  Stregheria is very old italian
@jordanbpeterson probably wouldnt be a bad idea for ppl to learn to deal with their pasts before they even consider writing about the future...but different strokes for different folks i guess
RT @lIIuminatii: Stop lying to yourself.
@LivPsy the shadow never leaves you.  it expands and merges with the dark, its up to you to learn from and integrate with it.  but no, depend on no one, but yourself AND your shadow
@zinastar i think its the psychological aspects that are going over some ppls heads though.  but everythign happens for a reason, so i supposed you cant rush whats not ready, which reminds me of a very valuable lesson i learned this past month.	cheers
RT @zinastar: We are entering a very significant portal in human history..The dawn of the coming year is the beginning of an enormous plane…
put back together again	theres alot more to this image then ppl realize.  even CoS.  which by the way, are they a parody?
so next time you see baphoment, you can giggle to yourself because of all the "satanists", who have no idea what it even means.	oh and check the arms, notice the words "Solve" and "Coagula".	its a alchemical term, "Solve et Coagula", which roughly means to take apart and ..
the CoS coopted, represents those who follow the materialistic, egoic, path.  one who places the material realm above that of the spiritual realm.  do you want to call that satanic?  go ahead.  its all the same stuff.  we all fight over a million names describing the same thing..
pentagram represents spiritual enlightenment.  the four arms representing the 4 elements, fire, water, air and earth.  the "head" represents the quintessence, spirit.  so when you see the upward pentacle think enlightenment.  the downward pointing pentacle, or the one...
or they do, which i doubt or i dont think they would use it.  and as a fun thought experiment. if you find some time, check out the statues the CoS built or promotes.  notice the upward pointing pentagram on the forehead.  ya, thats not satanic.  the uppward pointing...
baphomet is also a key 2 understanding the philosophers stone &amp; has the power 2 unlock solomons temple if u know how to see the image as not a literal monster or demon.  and nothing satanic about it.  the @ChurchofSatan ripped it off because they dont actually know what it means https://t.co/aaiJukpm8O
in my day anarchy was free but looks like its not so cheap anymore		but anyway, who actually needs an anarchist to tell you how to be a better anarchist.  i always figured it came naturally		https://t.co/njQSrqMoUg
@AudreyKitching thats been a huge theme for me the past month.  the past days its been reaching its peak.  old feels, even old faces are popping up in my head like never before, but ive gotten quite good at feeling my way through these episodes.  the intensity seems to be dwindling each time
@xirtempest i wouldnt have gotten as far as i did if i wasnt like this.  past week or 2 its been at its peak.  but thoughts/inspirations are beyond what i typically thought my mind capable of only a day or so prior
@Party_TypeChic but i also make the mistake of sending it to the person im angry at.  but im workign on that
@Party_TypeChic let it out.  i do my best writing when im pissed
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/DQDOc8l5nn SOLAR ECLIPSE NEW MOON IN CAPRICORN (2018 Year End) | January 5/6th | Purpose |
@Tiffany_M_Roa i think it has everything to do with it.  if 100 ppl are all in agreeance that they hate you, you dont consider that group think?	whether you did something to them intentionally or not.	best analogy i can think of for group think is bridge jumping.  feel free to insert your own
@Tiffany_M_Roa yes	"...never tried or could not achieve it on their own"
@Tiffany_M_Roa not necessarily.  why do they hate you and why do you hate them?  it could be a misunderstanding on their part or yours.  chances are its on both sides.  but you never know.  thats alot of different perspectives
@Tiffany_M_Roa im group think is not always good thing.  if everyone was jumping off a bridge, what would you do?  	id probably find out why they were jumping before making a decision
@Tiffany_M_Roa but who gets to decide who is right and who is wrong?	a problem to you could be a solution to me and vice versa if neither of us are willing to accept the flaws in our own logic and learn from what the other has to say.  its all about taking control away from the ego
@TwinFlameGirl @AudreyKitching and i think thats a really important concept that many ppl lose the sight of or completely ignore.  we cant ever grow until we accept that we are not ever victims.  everything happens for a reason, but its up to us to figure out the individual reasons for ourselves
@TwinFlameGirl @AudreyKitching absolutely agree with you on that
@TwinFlameGirl @AudreyKitching its nice to see someone who gets it.  i dont think enough ppl point it out when they should
@TwinFlameGirl @AudreyKitching nicely put
@LeeCamp which lies
@LivPsy actually you can "get over it" if you allow yourself to face the fear your mind is trying to show you instead of suppressing it.  	besides, not all suicides are linked to depression
like the bible say, he who stairs into the face of god will not survive https://t.co/JK7YT0JLNz
@FatherSciarappa it would seem that way.  good luck out there padre	👇	Matthew 23:9
@FrHarrison i can attest to this personally.  very well said
@AudreyKitching i like this post alot		my philosophy is that "good" ppl dont just not do "bad" things	"good" ppl acknowledge that, yes, they are capable and willing to do "bad" things, but only if they have too.  they dont choose not  to do "bad" things because they are not "good"
@AudreyKitching i play more in the middle.  i give truth to the ppl i think deserve it.  is truth light?  from some perspectives.  its dark to the ppl that run from it	but they run for a reason, because the truth is the only thing thats going to set them free	but truth doesnt always feel good
RT @orchidslantern: This morning I have so far researched submarine power cables, Norwegian fjords, Jung's animus stages, and the way LSD a…
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/c1vJPBouuf FATE ALERT! NEW KARMIC LIFE DIRECTION! Solar Eclipse in Capricorn January 2019
RT @ForgottenBooks: #freebookoftheday The Method of Meditation, by John Roothaan https://t.co/6qrAqj3NNs https://t.co/ufR3v8Le0h
@Tiffany_M_Roa what these groups fail to realize.  is that its not some external force thats going to save everyoen, well maybe, i would love to be in the meeting to discuss tactics because ive been at this for a very long time, but thats a ego dream lol.	but i what they miss is that its...
@Tiffany_M_Roa that im thinking of the concept of scrutinzing, but applying that to the art of critiquing, but applying that into all aspects of your life, starting with the self.  always criticize yourself, otherwise you can never grow, you know?	but thats also someting i feel alsot of...
@Tiffany_M_Roa but my point which i think came off the wrong way was that i wasnt looking at the word from its literal translation.  part of the awakening process for me have a hard time being literal when i write/think, so im looking at the word criticism from a more abstract sense, in...
@Tiffany_M_Roa way because i believe not enough ppl take the time to not take what someone says as an attack.  i dont think thats what you did, but ive seen that so much over all this time i spent trying to figure out why i was doing it. its been a very enlightening experience for...
@Tiffany_M_Roa i didnt think you did	you were curious, because you have a negative opinion of the word	i dont think in black and white either.  thats what led me down this path	i actually enjoy seeing other ppls thoughts and how they vary from mine	sometimes i think it comes off the wrong...
@swagjuiced well i personally think, that that is going to start to change sooner then later.  im opptunistic, but also a realist that it wont happen over night.  but you never know, weird shit happens every day
@swagjuiced see that was the big issue back when spiritually was more prevalant	the ancient alchemists and mystics thought keeping the knowledge internal was the safest way to guard it because if it fell into the wrong hands, bad shit would happen	they were right lol	but i think....
@swagjuiced their own business	those communities arent so much about doing much that does not deal with their own inner work.  but i get what your saying, at what point do you channel that energy to the ppl around you, not just your own circle.  thats an interesting questiion, really
@swagjuiced oh i didnt get that about empathy.  i looked at it literally	what friend is being persecuted in those communities?  their all very focused on themselves as worrying about problems outside the self is whats causing the problem	imagine a world for a moment where everyone minded....
@swagjuiced i think u missed wut i was say, but ill ask again, what do you think they should say other then its bad and ppl shouldnt partake?  and what makes them cowards for not doing what you think they should do?	they being whatever groups you think should do more in terms of speaking out
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/Oe7OwnkZil 5 Ways To Raise Your Vibration In 2019 - (This is YOUR Year!)
@mnqmtchll but why would you tweet something about ppl you dont think about?  wouldnt that mean you were thinking abou them?	this post seems like its something bothers you
@swagjuiced or maybe they just dont care because they dont know what to say	what is it you want those particular groups to say about racism?  its bad?	do you think they should be doing something more?  like what? tell ppl its bad?	what makes them cowards?
@Tiffany_M_Roa would you not say your criticizing what i said because you dont understand what i meant?	im seeing alot of why you think im wrong more then anything else
@Tiffany_M_Roa im not using the word in the literal sense of tearing something apart.  but yes asking questions works as well	but even so, being a critic is a good way for the person with the knowledge to explain their motives behind what it is that being presented	but thats my opinion
RT @Nimisha26894791: https://t.co/29A5o3xmV8
@Nimisha26894791 lol	i like this
when someone tells you that what your doing is impossible to achieve, thats because those telling you its impossible never tried
RT @LivPsy: A person generally hates you for 3 reasons: 1) They want to be you. 2) They hate themselves. 3) They see you as a threat.
@LivPsy but thats assuming your right and going out of your way to prove someone wrong?  why not ask questions to gain enlightenment?
@Tiffany_M_Roa i think your taking the wrong meaning of the word	it can be done in a productive manner that doesnt come off as rude, and even if it does come off as rude, taht doesnt mean it was meant to be rude
@NepalPatriot1 symbolism will be there downfall		it also means sumthing else	the only way to beat them is through their symbolism.  they arent like other ppl.  the things they know can only be learned through the symbolism.  the ancients didnt use letters to communicate their secrets
abracadra - i create as i speak https://t.co/VTBaOQrczW
message received, loud and clear https://t.co/HKGZdLaLsO
always criticize what you dont understand	how else are you going to learn to understand it? https://t.co/FjGnp4tbvi
@xirtempest think of it like this, each of us, is a physical representation of the true holy trinity.  the mother the father and the son.	in the old traditions, what we know as the holy ghost, was the divine feminine.  think in terms of Isis, Osiris and Horus
@xirtempest is what i believe makes up our individual minds	think of us as the eternal union of our mother and our father in a perfect vessel of their own creation, built to enjoy/experience life in the way/s that they were not able to do for themselves.
@xirtempest absolutely love this question	heres my super duper abridged version	but i believe the soul to be the product of the 2 aspects of the mind, the masculine and the feminine.  the egoic and the emotional minds	which i believe come from our parents	that marriage of consciousnesses...
there are no such thing as victims	there are those who are ignorant and those who are nescient	those who choose not to know and those who dont know know because they have no means, but thats just an excuse.  most are just willfully ignorant https://t.co/HCXM7JEwLm
RT @SayItValencia: Stop trying to have honest relationships with people who can't even be honest with themselves.
doesnt exist
happen.  ive seen it for myself, but that doesnt mean i dont believe in it.  a friend of mine once told me something that i think i repeat alot, i may not believe what you believe but i believe that you believe it.  theres lots of shit i dont believe in, but that doesnt mean it
what exactly it is that we need.  do we need that shiny new thing?  or do we just want it?  but dont get me wrong, i think that there is a fine line were wants and needs align.  thats the having your cake and eating it to, but thats a rarity and i dont knwo if it can actually
rather give you a half assed finished product then take responsibility for it being fucked up, rather then fine tuning it and making it into exactly what the end user needs.  notice i said need, NOT want.  we are so consumed with what we want that we never put much thought into
failure, how are you supposed to grow from it?  if no one tells me i write bad, how am i suppose to know i write bad?  but then it later dawned on me that if i did, i would know because i know when i do someting shitty.  but thats the problem with most ppl today, they would
using the word evolutionary in regards to the concept of consciousness expansion.  not with drugs, but with failure and growth.		i asked a friend a couple days ago to give me the most negative of negative reviews of something i wrote.   my philosphy is this.  without embracing a
your needs.  but only if your patient, but most ppl have 0 patience for anything or anyone.  but most ppl who are like that, put themselves in that situation with a misguided passion thats directing their energy that is not productive for them, in a evolutionary sort of way.  im
happy medium between work and recreation, but only if you actually enjoyed the work you do but its a slippery slope because at what point do you stop the work to fully embrace the recreation.  because its only a matter of time before your recreational life is able to help support
sure there are ppl that are happy doing what they do, but does it really make you happy?  is there something else that you would like to be doing that would make you happier?  well now that im writing this and puttign some more thought into it, i suppose it is possible to find a
Happy or Stuff?  but i guess thats not fair, ill break it down a little further and then let you decide.  the less stuff you have, the happier you are. the more stuff you have, the more you have to work.  and i dont believe anyones job makes them happy, well not everyoen, im
well it is, to an extent.  you need to waste your life doing things you dont enjoy so that you can figure out that youve been wasting your life and start doing someting that makes you happy.		i asked someone once, if you had to choose, what would you take.  theres only 2 answers.
wouldnt do it, well not without good reason, but its gotta be a really good reason.  if it was a decision of life and death, it would take me a little bit to think about what i would want to do.  but other then that, life is not meant to be wasted doing shit that you dont like.
perfecting what i do forever if i have too, because i wont take money for anything i do until its perfect.  which is more then what most ppl can say.  but im also not willing to take money for doing something that i dont want to do.  no i wouldnt do it for free, im saying i
i have to pay bills?  says who?  if no one told you that you HAVE to pay bills, would you?  thats not my style.  but that statement pisses ppl off.  why?  because you do?  not my business, not my problem.		i did that life for way too long and it sucks.  ill take my take my time
which is associated with the word recreate, which basically means to doing something over from scratch.  through writing i found a way to recreate myself by exploring the parts of my mind that i used to ignore.  do i get paid?  no, but fuck it.  what do i need money for?  because
of leisure.  i look at it a different way.  but i also have my own definition of recreation.  the official definition of the word is something that someone does for fun when not working.  i disagree with that 1,000,000%.	well lets look at the word, for starters.  recreation,
not sure if this one makes sense but fuck it		an existance of recreation.  it sounds lovely right?  i think so.  but i think the word recreation has a bad conotation to it to those who work for a living.  i think that living a life of recreation gets mischaracterized as a life
@IncarnatedET TECH SUPPORT!!!!!!! https://t.co/sO2zDfyGar
@AudreyKitching i understand exactly what your saying	its like being the last man/lady in a relay race waiting for everyone to come around the bend	i think stuck might be the wrong word, well i can see why you would say stuck, but i plan.  maybe thats what you mean by templating
easy peasy livin' greasy
@xirtempest we need to fail	its a necessity for, like you said, our growth	stagnation leads to death, but death is besties w/ rebirth.  and rebirth typically walks hand in hand with growth	most ppl fear failure	but fear is our ally	over come fear to live/grow
this https://t.co/d8cAHiqV0P
@xirtempest what if you lived a life of recreation?	not a life a leisure but an existence where your life was devoted to spiritual purposes, artistic visions and mystical experiences.  thats an alien idea for some to conceptualize, but imagine a life devoted to creating and recreating
i loves me some demonology https://t.co/g9BHIJmdDl
@Party_TypeChic i tried watching my words for the longest time, &amp; in hindsight its really wut fucked most of my life up	trying to adjust myself for others.  i dont condone that shit either but i try not to judge, because i know what its like for ppl to think they know why you are the way you are
@Party_TypeChic do ppl tell you that your a fucking genius often?	i hope to one day see a world where more ppl have a mind similar to yours.
RT @AudreyKitching: Everything is shifting at an accelerated pace right now as our new 5D timelines are locked in, both personally and coll…
@Party_TypeChic but your right, thats somethign most ppl dont want to get into because theyll be labeled a rapist/pedo ally/enabler	ppl get so caught up on what other ppl are going to thing about them
@Party_TypeChic i do.  i look at those folks like this.  good and evil is just a perspective.  i dont know what happened in their lives that made them want to do those things, but i do know my past made me do fucked up stuff, i can only imagine what happened to them
@geet_selfish it is amazing.  and it clears your mind like nothign else
take in what you were told.  but i think im wrapping this up now, im in the middle of another conversation.
shutting the fuck up for once and actually listen to what the other person has to say, you would probably be surprised at the pearls of wisdom that you can get out of the even the, seemingly, most mundane of conversations.  its pretty interesting if you can calm your ego down to
to so many ppl on a daily basis.  alot are useless conversations that i really wish i didnt bother myself with, but even the useless ones leave an imprint and have a lesson to learn, and its not to not listen.  its different for everyone.  next time your talking to someone, try
you?  i have no fucking clue and i dont know if it really matters.  i think i would probably prefer not to at this point.  you see, the problem with knowing too many ppl is that they all live in your head and never shut the fuck up.  but i tink i bring that on myself by talking
way.  at least im not like everyone else posting stupid videos and memes.  at least this is somethign different.  are you even there still?  good for you if you are.  ill see how much longer i can keep this going, i feel like its my duty to write you a short novel.  and who are
though.  im not sure why.  probably because i dont usually get a chance to talk as much as i want and its probably for the best for the ppl i will talk to taht i get all of this crap out of my head while i can because i can talk for hours.  leo, cant help it.  and look at it this
standards its quite possible i may be but thats a really LONG story and is going to take alot more then a silly free writing experiment.   which reminds me of a really cool story.		im not going to tell it though.  i dont think i have feel like it.  im much rather enjoying this
it sounds because i realize that if i wasnt "shitty" then i wouldnt have learned not to be "shitty" or rather, i learned why i dont like being "shitty" and choose not to be "shitty" anymore.  now does that mean im a saint now?  no.  well, not yet, but technically by christian
but encouraging at the same time because once you embrace it as a fact you realize that all teh horrible things taht ppl may do or say to you dont really mean as much as you thought.  i spend most of my days reflecting on how fucked up of a person i was, its not as depressing as
least taht are going to give you a thumbs up and push you.  its a sad fact, but shit happens.  everythign happens for a reason and maybe your really not supposed to be around the ppl that you surroundign yourself with.  but maybe you already knew that too. 	its a shitty feeling
that the point of changing is because we dont want to be shitty ppl anymore and it has nothing to do with them.  but what are you going to do.  at least take solice in the fact that no matter how much those around you call you crazy or look at you funny, its the ppl you know the
down are only doing it because they know that they dont have the strength/courage to do it themselves and ultimately dont want to see you become something more then them because if you do, then you show them just how shitty of a person they are.  but what they fail to realize is
like when you want to better yourself, and the fucked part is that most of the ppl that will try their best to bring you down are the ones that closest to you, but im sure you already realized that.  but whats important to understand is taht those ppl that are trying to bring you
was like the old me that wanted to make a change in their lives but is so fucking afraid of doing it because of what other ppl will think and how they will respect your decisions.  well, i can tell you from first hand experience that when you change, ppl hate you.  ppl do not
anything to anyone this time but that doesnt actually bother me.  or maybe im wrong.  maybe your sitting there reading this wondering where its ultimately going, and i can promise yiou that i dont know if its going anywhere good but maybe theres someone else whos reading this who
the me today could kick the ass out of the me that found that piece back in july.  but tahts neither here nor there.  	so now it looks like i ran out of things to say.  i am curious how long i can keep this train of thought going.  i dont think this is actually going to mean
for the first time in ever i was exactly where i wanted to be.  it was a neat feeling.  	but then i thought about how the me at the time, 9 months after writing that piece, how i could of totally kicked the ass out of the me that originally wrote it.  writing this now i see how
on what i wrote which was basically about wanting to make a change in my life for the betterment of myself and all of my family but you could see the despair that i was in at the time.  when i reread that i laughed because i knew that that person was dead, the old me.  and that
random page and had this weird urge to start reading it.  	im not going to bore you with the details because it wont mean anythign to anyone but me but like i said, i forgot i even wrote the thing.  but i hadnt thought particular time since it had happened so when i looked back
all of my adventures but one night in particular i was doing a tarot reading for someone over the summer and was out of notebooks.  i grabbed a seemingly random one, i dont believe anything is random.  as i was flipping through looking for a clean page i found some this seemingly
particular time in my life as compared to where i was 9 months later it overwhelmed me a bit.  and how i even found it all those months later was even cooler, or so i thought.  i write alot, and have stacks of notebooks that are just filled with random thoughts and details of
forethought put into it, just start writing what ever words come out as they come to your mind.  	the last time i tried this without a purpose i wrote something that 9 months later brought a tear to my eye.  not that it was overly profound, but to see how low i was at that
so lets see where this goes.  i have nothing to write about and im curious what this is going to turn into.  think of it as an experiment i guess.  well technically this is a writing exercise called free writing where you just write what ever comes to your mind.  no editing or
@AudreyKitching ive been here many many times over the last few months.  even wrote a note.  i was saved by a miracle that still boggles my mind.  but i have been feeling this one quite a bit recently.  its a terrible feeling that actually resurfaced last night for a little bit.
RT @LivPsy: I don't think people understand how stressful it is to explain what's going on in your head when you don't even understand it y…
@AudreyKitching you dont owe anyone an explanation, BUT, we all have a few ppl in our lives that, though they may not want it, do deserve an explanation.  but that doesnt mean they need it, either	i have a very few ppl in my life that i do explain to, but not because i owe them
RT @EsotericExposal: In the case of dreams, every person is a natural seer. However, very few people pay close enough attention or know how…
time to wakey wakey kids	hope your all rested up.  	cuz i think the alarms about to go off, whether your ready or not	any body else feeling really really REALLY clear?
@medicus44 @realDonaldTrump but slower isnt what he said and not the reason i commented	he said the only way to stop	i said thats not true
@medicus44 @realDonaldTrump because unless 100% of all "drugs, gangs, human trafficking, criminal elements" are coming from one access point that a wall would block then it will still get in	perhaps it will slow it, but that depends on where a majority of these things are getting in
@medicus44 @realDonaldTrump a wall isnt going to stop any of that
@medicus44 @realDonaldTrump human trafficking is just a fancy term for illegal immigration, which is a fancy term for wanting to move to a different country	legalize it and no one is being trafficked anymore no?	mind you i didnt say kidnapping and neither did trump
@medicus44 @realDonaldTrump of course it would	look at the legalization of marijuana	theres little to no black market 4 pot were its not illegal &amp; if there is its so insignificant that no 1 even acknowledges it.	granted there are laws at the federal level, but my idea of ending the gov isnt popular yet
@realDonaldTrump incorrect.  there is another way and way more cost effective and can be fixed in a split second	total decriminalization of all of the above mentioned "crimes".	something that is not illegal cannot be considered a crime.
@ResilientNis how does that make them poor conversationalists?	if everyone is fighting over who gets to talk about what they like, then whats the point?	maybe its not that ppl are poor conversationalists, maybe its that ppl are poor listeners
this https://t.co/odgGiCec2t
@fireox9 what do you like to talk about?
@fireox9 should they only talk about what you want to talk about?
@tmagasays i come from the school of thought that there needs to be balance.  you cant have freedom without oppression and vice versa	and at what point is the patriot now the oppressor?  or do you think that that cant happen?
@tmagasays just so i understand what you mean, oppression is not ok unless one is oppressing an oppressor?  the needs of the many over the needs of the few?	realisticly you dont know why the tyrant is a tyrant.  have you ever thought maybe theres a reason why they do what they do?
@PyramidRealm i dig that completely	but wut are you gonna do?	most ppl dont like to hear that their prescribed way of thinking may be wrong.	its like the saying goes, you can lead a horse to water	but even still, those who choose not to believe still may have valid pts of their own
@ThelIluminatii great advice	now... https://t.co/cjuQUDuIeU
@tmagasays do you not think that maga 100% truthful?	&amp; wut do you consider tyranny?  do those tyrants not deserve equal rights to practice their beliefs like "patriots"?	or do only patriots get equal rights?  who defines a patriot?  is it possible that the tyrants know something you dont.
@PyramidRealm oh, i read that post completely differently	but yes i agree with you on the origins of the term.  	but then again, evidence is one thing, hard facts is another.  without being there in person to see something happen, no one really knows anything.  but i feel what your saying.
thats like telling a frog hes being slowly boiled to death		https://t.co/uT3hm1J5GD https://t.co/sxE5kXJZfy
this is like trying to explaining to a frog that hes slowly being boiled 	smh	https://t.co/uT3hm1J5GD https://t.co/sxE5kXJZfy
@PyramidRealm and what are you saying thats inspiring ppl to call you a conspiracy theorist? does what you say not have to do with theorizing on conspiracies?
@StayDownHere because we worship money and consumerism more then we value our own lives is what im getting from this.	but perception is reality to those perceiving it right?
@FrGoyo im sorry, but i dont understand what you mean.  im very open minded but maybe im thinking too much into this statement.  do you mean in the sense that an unborn baby is pure in spirit like christ?
@orchidslantern thats for sharing this.  ive been meaning on asking you if you had other works available online	i fucking loved that toxic duck video.  it blew me away
@Rude_Astrology same reason us ppl with mercury in leo dont shut the fuck up lolol
@earthangelyogi tis the season for sadness		maybe this can help, maybe not	might be worth a read	https://t.co/mnUco3cqMd
anyway, here something i put together that might make things a little easier for some of you guys.  and if you wouldnt mind giving me a follow over there, it would be very much appreciated, im trying to impress a girl...	https://t.co/mnUco3cqMd
just finished writing this out for my dwindling facebook friends, which is starting to reflect my actual life	but i have had quite a few ppl reaching out to me asking how to actually release emotions.  alot of ppl saying to do it, but not really tell how.
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/s1DmOaCKYr FULL MOON IN CANCER WINTER SOLSTICE | December 22nd | Karmic Release | Hannah's
@ChurchofSatan doesnt that happen now...	i think you just described the point of all existence in the cosmos	cause and effect...	smh
well that was simple.... https://t.co/zUCZN4Kki9
@ChurchofSatan @churchofsatan isnt spiritual?
@Dr_ABHINAVOJHA @AlkalineBlood why not.  get it off your chest.  no subject is taboo
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/og53IVRwFu Dorner Party
@AGPamBondi @POTUS when you say molestation...	sigh
@LivPsy i dont think you should ever be scared to lose anyone
@seemeblaze ppl still talk about this?
@Maryamhasnaa then things would look exactly the same
@FrGoyo why? did you do something that makes you feel ppl would doubt you?
@beast_anti i dont think its going to go away like ppl think its going to go away.  the next gov't is goign to be less of a friend to the ppl, but thats just my hunch.  karma is not going to smile on the masses
@AudreyKitching i hope so, half of my days are filled with paranoid delusions, well i dont know if their delusions because they actually make sense from both perspectives, but i guess at that point its just a matter of take the best of both and making a third thats more calming...
sometimes i wonder if im as loony as some ppl think or if they are as koo koo as i think.  maybe a mix of the 2.
@LivPsy i come from the other school of thought	let them deal with on their own	that what i did	no medication and no doctors.  you really want help, stop being a baby and face your fears.  no one really feels sorry for you	you are a burden on them because your afraid to stop taking pills
RT @AudreyKitching: Today was the last day of my life on this earth that I will ever allow myself to be emotionally abused.
@AudreyKitching so does that mean the ppl are getting replaced?	for instance if one had a estranged wife and child that avoids them?	im not going to lie though, my life has been much better w/o them these past couple months.  thats not a popular answer but, truth isnt always popular.
@xirtempest sounds like your day went exactly the same way mine did lol	but look at it this way.  theres alwasy something better right around the corner
@End_TheFederalR being locked in a small room for a little bit can make you realize how simple your daily life problems really are.  	i dont think id go that far with it, but different strokes for different folks
@obscuree_ try to look at it from their perspective though	whats good to you could be bad to me and whats good for me could be bad for you	think of it like a thermometer.  theres not real distinction between hot and cold	101 degrees is colder then 102
@AudreyKitching today was quite a day for that.  i havent felt this clear in a long while.  but just like you aside, that loop got snipped	actually 3 loops got cut today for me	very exciting times
perception is reality to those who are perceiving it		this	👇👇👇 https://t.co/pJvJOdTsOB
@Party_TypeChic better then ever	what ever came out of me last night needed to get the fuck out once and for all	i think i am clear as a whistle right now lol	i think i might have 1 or 2 more big releases coming cuz today is like going to awesome for there not to be a little bit of blow back lol
@mtnsbymelody @themoontarot i do alot of writing when i feel something coming	writing my thoughts and feelings, as ugly as they can get	i find it to be so helpful, i just hope the ppl i write to/about dont ever see the things that were in my head lol
@mtnsbymelody @themoontarot like you said, so worth the releases	ive had a quite a few bad ones that left me in bed for a few days but the insights that come out of it are so wonderful	its funny how letting yourself really experience the fears in your head can actually do for you
@mtnsbymelody @themoontarot ive only been consciously aware of whats been happening to me for almost a year	but once i got a grip on the fact i wasnt nuts i quit my job and put all my time and energy into figuring this out.  its an amazing experience.  been a little rought the last couple weeks but....cont.
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/jQyE58lMXf LEO SOULMATE "A BIG DECISION" DEC 24-25 DAILY TAROT READING
@SrAndrewFSP everything happens exactly when it supposed to, not before, not after
@Party_TypeChic just woke up at 333 with a very clear picture of what i need to do.	coincidentally dealing with 3 ppl, but i dont believe in coincidences.	but basically the same thing, letting go of resistance, that and lettign go of ppl, i feel much better though.  my dreams help alot
@Party_TypeChic this is a rough one today
RT @EsotericExposal: Increasingly, I feel as though I am in a horrific 1950's B-movie where most people have become zombies. They have lost…
@xirtempest look at it from the side of the hypothetical dictator.  they think they are doing the right thing from their perspective.  they probably dont even realize that their actions are effecting the ppl that it is, but who knows, maybe they do	abusers dont like to admit their abusers
@AudreyKitching have you gone through this before?
@LivPsy right at this moment as a matter of fact
@mtnsbymelody @themoontarot exactly that	ive been studying the effects of dealing with my own disorders w/o medication, by letting myself experience them 2 their full effect	they get incredibly intense, but theres so much 2 learn from them	ive had promising results with addiction as well
@MBNRox @HotMeatSauce @GO_PRO_2020 @Viacom @izzyfalkovich perhaps ppl realize they have their own problems to deal with instead
@AudreyKitching its a bit overwhelming at times
RT @LivPsy: Confidence is not ‘they will like me’. Confidence is ‘I’ll be fine if they don’t'.
good timing lol https://t.co/1BRa93nzQw
RT @DeAndresCalm: Deep conversations are beautiful. Open up your mind to me. Share ya soul with me.
@DeAndresCalm has a smooth road that leads to ruin.
@DeAndresCalm i cold change the past and create a really amazing future thats not just for me, which im going to do regardless but i konw its going to take time.	but i guess that goes to what they say, the narrow gate has a bumpy road that leads to life and the wide gate has a...cont
@DeAndresCalm what every you want to call it, karma, the kindness of strangers, law of attraction, god, what ever.	but it works so i have no reason to stop.	i am though a little afraid my past is coming to take it all away though.  which makes me wonder if its possible that...cont
@DeAndresCalm but the rewards are also unconventional.  it makes me feel good so and i havent worked a job in 6 months and i live exactly how i want with no concerns for money.  and i get to map out my future all day while all of the few needs that i do need are provided to me by...cont
@DeAndresCalm podge of several esoteric and spritual traditions.  its a little difficult to explain in one shot, its more of a learn as you go type of thing for ppl, but if taken to the extreme like i do, the world can fit into the palm of your hand	its a little unconventional...cont.
@DeAndresCalm i think through a very long journey of self discovery that i found a way to heal ppl in a way thats very been tried before by healing myself.  well, i say never because i havent see anyone else doing it my way, so im only assuming lol.	and i only say my way cuz its a modge...cont
@xirtempest exactly what they wanted to do but didnt have the courage to tell the other person.  probably because they were too afraid to say that they had had enough.  but thats just my theory, i could be wrong
@xirtempest relate to what im saying in some degree.  but relate doesnt mean agree.  its not easy for some ppl to admit that they played an equal role.  but then that begs another question.  if everything happens for a reason, no one was actually playing a role at all.  they did...cont.
@xirtempest their feelings.  but in todays society, the levels at which we should be communicating partners is not close to how we needed to.  granted im talking for myself, but i got an itchy feeling that everyone who reads this and is or has been in a relationship can...cont.
@xirtempest first place.  or perhaps its to give both ppl a chance to venture out and find what they think they want until they realize that they were just being big headed from the beginning and could of been together at any point if they just learned the lesson and communicated...cont.
@xirtempest the question.  if everything happens for a reason, the relationship supposed to fall apart so that each person can find themselves and meet back up at a later date as who they were supposed to be the whole time or because they werent supposed to be together in the...cont.
@xirtempest the right thing to be doing based off of what they expect from the other person.  it could be a sign of a few things.  but in my case it was that neither person was in a the right place in their lives to be who they needed to be for the other person.  but that begs...cont.
@xirtempest ive been in one of those and i can say from my personal experience that the reason that happens is because both ppl were afraid to talk about something that was bothering them.  each one blaming the other for their own faults.  meanwhile both are doing what they think is...cont
@thempiricalkid @5151mpk @angie_karan you could just say that you dont have a good reason for thinking the way you do other then that someone told you to think that way	you still havent actually explained why you think eating little mice is fucked up
@thempiricalkid @5151mpk @angie_karan im not trying 2 change ur mind	im trying to figure out why u think the way you do	i think its not fucked up because it doesnt effect me and even if i wanted to stop it, its not my place	so why let it bother you?	and arent you following a cultural standard by saying its fucked up
@Tiffany_M_Roa gotcha	i think i do recall reading in the book that there was going to be another book
@gothforbid yes and how do you think it should be specifically addressed
@Tiffany_M_Roa is there a signal when someone is in direct contact?	im just trying to understand, hence the 20 questions	for instance, is there a particular spokesperson?
@Tiffany_M_Roa is there a heirarchy?
@Tiffany_M_Roa IAM?
@thempiricalkid @5151mpk @angie_karan i didnt insult anyone	i made conclusions based of available facts
@thempiricalkid @5151mpk @angie_karan 1.what facts were presented for you to make your assumptions?	2.thats good	3.its good, but remember what you think isnt what you know, and ppl dont aleays care what you think	4.why do you think you can judge anyone
@JohnTrumpFanKJV why?	do you not think other ppl are allowed to think differently then you?	maybe they know something you dont
this right here https://t.co/wh8JCS6lyq
@LivPsy but if you wait to long, your decision might make itself	then who do you blame?  cause now your still a pessimist, but now your lonely too.	and thats why you need choices, otherwise that misery is never comign out of your dna
@LivPsy if you do in fact believe in fate that is.  then its just up to you.  bite the bullet and take one for the team or do what everyone else does and wait.  but then you have to think about your approach.  keep it reserved or guns blazing or wait for them.
@LivPsy or you can use your baggage on their baggage as a distraction	hmmm	interesting concept if your following me.	because though yours is lighter, it might be enough to clear you some room to wiggle in and work what ever magic you can.  unless you are ok leaving it to fate
@LivPsy so then your problem turns into, how to get rid of the baggage thats between you.  i supose you decide who has the least and jump ship or clear all your shit out first and when your good, then grab the rest of the crew.	or say fuck it and walk away and start a new cycle
@LivPsy i believe its more like genetic muscle memory	think of it like genetic karma	you just need 2 parents that can figure that out their own shit first then find a way to make it work together for the kids	actually pretty simple	but some ppl got too much baggage in the way
@HarveyStaub1 but how does this effect me or you personally?
@thempiricalkid @5151mpk @angie_karan or do you do it because you know	something tells me you dont know as much as you may like to tell yourself	but i dont know you, what do i know	keep up with the assuming though.  im going to guess that it fits your personality perfectly	do you get that alot?
@thempiricalkid @5151mpk @angie_karan do you always make so many assumptions?	i cant imagine what that must be like, to always assume you know what someone thinks.  does that get you far in life?	does it make you feel powerful to tell someone what they think?	do you really believe you can read ppls minds too?
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/otkCijR481 TAURUS SOULMATE "BEST READING! ITS JUST STARTING" JAN 1-15 BI-WEEKLY TAROT READING
@mtnsbymelody @themoontarot mind sharing your thought?  i like getting other perspectives.  it helps expand on my own
@Party_TypeChic and if their not asking they shoudl be find, but when i loss cant hold on and reach out, it turns out im right.  but taht could also becuz they know im goign to do that and are just waiting to take advantage, which is also possible	so i think i solved my own problem...let go
@Party_TypeChic which makes me wonder why i feel i need to control anyone in the first place.  probably becuz based off of my interactions with them, i dont think they are capable.  maybe im right but if their not, then they should just ask me, not the other way around.
@Party_TypeChic im trying to figure out if theres a bigger lesson that needs to be learned that i keep missing.  probably that alot of what i think they are all thinking is in my head and i need to just let it go cause its probably not as bad as i think it is just becuz im not in control of them
@Party_TypeChic im in the middle of a hot flash of anger lol	coming to grips with letting go	its really annoying and aggrevating	makes me want to fucking yell at alot of ppl and make them cry, but i remind myself that they are just scared and dont know what else to do.	its like a loop in my head
be surprised how forgiving how ppl are even when you think their crazy and irrational
next time you see them and wait for them to make the offer again? 	what if they didnt? not because of any fault of yours but just because they couldnt.	would you feel regret? would you even care? would you have preferred the crank to have never said anything to begin with?	youd
miracle or yourself?	and if it was yourself, would you go back to the someone and apologize for thinking their a crank and ask for another chance? or would you never speak to them again because you thought they would never make the same offer again? or would you wait till the
fit, not what you think they want in return, but how you see fit	would you tell them?	or would you think their a crank and walk away?	how would it make you feel if you walked away and someone else got it instead? would that make you mad?	at who?	the someone who promised the
if someone walked up to you today and said that they could make a xmas miracle happen for you, anything you want. but it was under one condition. you have to tell them exactly what it is, full disclosure.	and in return you have to do a favor to the person in what ever way you see
@AudreyKitching letting go is the really hard part	letting go means you have to admit that you are worthy of it and it will come back 	but it also means acknowledging the 4 magic words, "I COULD BE WRONG"	but on the bright side, if you are wrong, at least you know something better will so up
@len41 do you not understand what im saying?	i can try to reword it so it makes more sense if you dont get my point.	but yes when still alive	and before this turns into something childish, no i dont eat that and wouldnt, but i understand that some ppl do and i dont judge them for it
RT @AudreyKitching: It’s very obvious now to see which souls are clinging to the old 3D earth reality. The gates are closing on the Decembe…
@AudreyKitching this has been on my mind for days	i know it shouldnt scare me at this point and i just need to face, but i really hate facing this shit. but it could be worse so i suppose, its for the best regardless what the outcome turns out to be
"I" could be wrong, but i believe the correct answer is "ME"	if that doesnt resonate, clearly its not "YOU" https://t.co/n6eWtYn909
RT @EsotericExposal: Bacchus is the Roman god of wine, fertility, vegetation, and hedonism. He enjoys partying, is a happy drunk, and loves…
@lbell424 @EsotericExposal i agree very much on that but we cant force anyone to listen	but your right, we all have something to share that could help someone, it just falls on others to listen if they feel so inclined
@realDonaldTrump just becuz their truth isnt your truth doesnt mean its not truth to someone		sometimes our ego gets the better of us because others dont think the same way that we do,but that doesnt mean we get to put other ppl down because of it
@xirtempest i think thats the point, they cant understand cuz they have their own crazy	look at it like this, perhaps trying to get ppl to understand is the wrong approach, perhaps its about teaching ppl what you learned from your crazy so they dont make the same mistakes
@lbell424 @EsotericExposal the problem starts when you start to tell others to think the same way	but i dont think ou would do that, but i dont know you so i could be wrong
@miss_haribo414 @angie_karan thats a valid opinion but maybe the ppl preparing/eating it know something you dont
@thempiricalkid @5151mpk @angie_karan its fucked up by ur standards, but those are you standards	do you think you should be in control of what other ppl eat?	maybe you dont like live meat but who are you to judge others that do	wut i see is that you dont think other ppl should eat live meat because you had 1 bad exp
@angie_karan well realistically its seen as graphic because we are not used to seeing baby mice as food like that	most ppl arent fully aware of what the rest of the world eats so of course some dishes are going to be seen as graphic
@ChurchofSatan why not?
@EsotericExposal considering all truths are half lies and all lies are half truths, who gets to determine what truth is the truthiest?
@TellYourSonThis what if you were trying to make the average ppl realize they arent average?  but actually do, not like the ppl that fuck with them now with half assed self help and parasitic spiritualism.	what if someone actually tried to help them not be more then average?
@JohnTrumpFanKJV to balance out the opposing view 	do you think everyone should think they same?	what should they love? in your opinion?
RT @SayItValencia: Can you see how every single experience has always been of service to you?	There wasn't one thing, no matter how unpleas…
@themoontarot well if we consider that everything happens for a reason, there is a specific reason why one would be having flashbacks to begin with, asides from mental.  perhaps like all emotional blocks they are missing the lesson that they needed to learn about the experience in general
RT @Maryamhasnaa: The metaphysics of minding your own business: 		What other people say, feel or think of you is not about you. Unless what…
words like this you should listen to https://t.co/WY43SMYmrB
RT @SayItValencia: Today,	on Instagram I'm explaining	what's The Matrix from a psychological point of view.	Did you know that there's not o…
@Party_TypeChic i get a sense of fire	i dont want to commit to fix, cardinal or mutable, though just in case	but if i did commit, id go with a leo.  just a hunch, i hve been wrong and i usually liek to do a much larger profile break but those tire me out lol
@Party_TypeChic i think we will	i hav a theory on that im still trying to flesh it out in my hed tho, not u and me specifically lol	whats your sign by the way	leo sun, scorp moon, cap rising	i also have a theory with ppl of certain signs, i try to remember to ask the more interesting ppl i meet
@Chazs_Picks https://t.co/NSztDyc0ZS
@EsotericExposal depends on the situation	what if evil is trying to make you talk?
@Party_TypeChic im glad i met you today	you gave me hope in humans lol
@Party_TypeChic you and me speak the same language
@mtnsbymelody @themoontarot your amount of exclamation points made my day
@lIIuminatii everythign happens for a reason, its up to us to figure out why or continue to repeat it until we do
@Timburgh i always have to remind myself, anger and fear are there for a reason.  to teach us to stop being mad and afraid, its just a matter of figuring out why we need to	im getting pretty good at it
@Party_TypeChic i think its the perfect metaphor for the awakening process.  i just finished it for the first time a few weeks back.  i didnt even realize it was collecting dust in my brothers room next to me
@Party_TypeChic have you ever read the alchemist by paulo coelho?	if not, i highly suggest it	i got a feeling your going to relate to the story like i did.	an understanding of alchemy is not necessary lol
@Timburgh also look at it like this.  if everything happens for a reason, why would someone want to trigger you.  well better asked, why would the universe want you to be triggered?	what lesson does it want you to learn, and its not to avoid the situation lol	that takes some digging though
@Party_TypeChic exactly	i look at it like this, everythign happens for a reason.  everything we encounter in life, now and in the past, happens because theres a lesson that we need to learn and in learning those lessons we find who we are individually.  such an amazing time to be alive
@themoontarot theres so much more i want to say about this because it really is my life and i dont think there are enough ppl talking about this as a serious issue taht could help alot of ppl
@themoontarot but i found a direct correlation between the mystatic traditions i studied and mental health	it looks more like the mental issues we are dealing with on a day to day are all part of the awakening process	our higher selves are trying to show us the emotions that we need ot release
@themoontarot excellent topic	ive actually devoted my entire life for the last several months studying just that.  i could write alot about this and maybe ill put a thread together detailing some of what ive been doing but i got started by studying hermeticism, alchemy, kaballah, tarot, etc
@Party_TypeChic i really do feel for those ppl stuck in the system still.  but i think theres going to be alot more ppl follwoing this trend sooner then later
@Party_TypeChic exactly	i felt it in my stomach for a few months before i quit.  its just got stronger and stronger until just the thought of going there was making me angry, coupled with life things that were happening i said fuck it.  i was only planning on taking the summer off lol
@Party_TypeChic i feel you on that	ive been writing/journaling my experience since june.  6 books later, its funny to look back on those old entries and see the progress that ive made.  but taht feeling of being a new person never gets old
@Party_TypeChic the past year for me has been most incredible.  i actually quit my job in july to focus solely on understanding this process.  its been most excellent experience	im feeling that with the numbers and i just posted this a couple minutes ago, but mine are 1138
2 very fun demons to play with	Ukobach, maintainance man of hells boilers, under teh command of beelzabub, the lord of flies		and		Andras, a wordsmith, who, in the ancient times who would use his words to turn those who summon him against each other https://t.co/imKnokPiAQ
@Timburgh i think i dbl typed a sentence, but mentally prepare before getting into the situation i meant.	its a little complicated of a concept but think of it like envisioning the future in your head so you know how to not experience it in life	that make more sense?
@Timburgh the real trick, and what i practice as much as possible, to live out those angry &amp; hate filled moments in my head	 let myself get pissed an angry in my head	you can typically tell what someone will try to piss you off with, the key to be prepared and react how they wouldnt expect
@AudreyKitching 1138 &amp; 138 has been hunting me for over 30 years, movies, music, time	i have noticed that i typicall get some of my best downloads with a half hour range of 1138a/p	but a friend pointed out over the summer and im embarrassed i didnt catch it myself but 3+8=11
@Party_TypeChic its really is amazing.  i just started noticing it a little less then a year ago but this has been a hell of a ride.  last year at this time, i would not have beleived any of this
@Party_TypeChic angel signs = numbers?
@Party_TypeChic ive learned over this past year that nothing is random
@Party_TypeChic the revelations afterwards are great but dam...the way i figure it, these episodes are going to make me into a super man or turn my brain to jelly lol	my forehead is still throbbing
@DownNOutNow @ThelIluminatii well technically you dont have to remember anything	im just sharing how i did it	and i am most pleased
@DownNOutNow @ThelIluminatii you gotta remember	everythign happens for a reason, EVERYTHING	you just have to do a little detective work to figure out why	and always ask why
@DownNOutNow @ThelIluminatii forgetting the past, is a hard one	it involves a few easy steps	u just gotta really admit that you are the cause of all the "bad" things that ever happened in your life	and the other is figuring what the lesson was for you to learn from that experience
@DownNOutNow @ThelIluminatii yes it is, but once you can figure out how to do it it will change your life	but they missed one thing, dont worry about the future, but at least plan out what you want it to look like
RT @Enigma0165: https://t.co/XXkqZ1lYk3	The most controversial and perhaps least understood magician and occultist	of his time, Aleister Cr…
@nyphospital heres all you need to do.  get a blanket, get in bed and face what ever your mind is showing you.  theres a reason you feel sad, your mind is trying to show you why that is
@canadian000 @medwoman1 @unEZ_p3ac3 @CPoTLCandC @FelixAnchor__ @Rainbowbuttmon2 @carolinasassie @DavidMilley @john_jakester @CrossBrigids @SwankCarpent @ITGrouch @MrKilroi @jay_slatter @RRidley11 @ThoughtPolice13 @bannon2018 @theGusMcCrae @SaskLass @Marie35396768 @StevenRuthven @KevsheaKsheak @backmarker3 @Trebby0320 @dunbdav @Jhutch43945987 @jasonlo18188734 @PKFreedom1 @nostradamous195 @Venomous_Gramma @muchmore2cents @Nationalwatchm1 @Dshep48Shepherd @pretty_troll @DougHawk @Katalytical87 @MrCanadian69 @vesnalaurie8 @kgossen @Deplorable_Bree @RdR91136574 @Impwar13 @CecileLavas @Canadian_Zero @SusanIverach @duanedaniel @akhubar @RickRed10 @Charliekuss @nemo_gratis maybe if canadians minded only to their personal affairs they wouldnt be so angry and would be able to live happier lives? 	maybe...
@ToriNicksWho but try to remember, everything happens for a reason.  just need to ask your self why ppl would be doing that to you.  maybe they are trying to trigger a negative response	but then you need to ask, why would they want to do that to begin with	but i like to overthink
@MindSovereignty everything happens for a reason and everything has a lesson to be learned
RT @orchidslantern: Doing things you know you'll hate just to be 'out of your comfort zone'. Is that growth or madness?
@orchidslantern everything happens for a reason, usually for growth, but growth can easily be confused with madness.	but once the feeling of madness goes away youll feel like a million bucks.  the key is to not afraid to be afraid.  good luck
@AudreyKitching do anyone else get tremors?	sometimes my whole body, sometimes my head or hands.  its usually accompanied by a very intense flow of energy up and down my limbs, which is cool, but the shakes that come first do not feel good at all.  been stuck in bed since 12/12
i saw cool and smart things sometimes, but i still do love fart jokes
@someonewhoisme2 @xirtempest depends on your definition of reality.	i like to believe that perception is reality to those who are perceiving it.	at the time we're dreaming you could say that the dream is our particular perception of reality for that moment, is that what you mean?
ppl change, not always into what we want, sometimes they turn into something better.  its just a matter of us wanting to accept that or not.  either way, its ok, as there are no wrong choices just lessons to be learned.
would even recognize us as human anymore even if they saw us.  preconceived notions of what we once were and what we know other ppl are capable of holds us back.  we arent as bad as we think, and believe it or not, neither are the other ppl that we have a hard time trusting.
help us.  that someone could actually care enough about us to want to see if we are ok.	but sometimes we also forget that others dont change as drastically as we do sometimes.  sometimes, we become so far above what we once were taht we arent even sure if those from the past
if that questoin gets you angry at yourself or the other person, chances are, that you could be, and thats ok.  because being wrong doesnt mean what most ppl think it means.  its about trust, plain and simple.  its about trusting that another human being could actually want to
important question your really need to ask your self, i feel its teh most important question of all, could i be wrong?  thats a hard thing to admit for most ppl.  not even, "i am wrong", but "could i be".  the concept alone is enough to drive someone insane for a little bit.  but
other then to hurt us.  but are we sure they want to hurt us or are we just trying to make ourselves believe that because we've never not been hurt by this person in the past, so why would they not want to hurt us again?  why would we make that up?  we should know right?  but an
overnight and to the ppl stuck in these cycles of self denial these changes in others can seem impossible.  it puts our brains into over drive trying to figure out if its even possible for someone to be able to change and if it is in fact possible, what do they want from us
are you the same person that you were 7 months ago?  are you the same person you were 4 months ago?  are you the same person that you were last week?  are you the same person you were before your nap?  why are we not trying to improve on ourselves everyday?  change can come
us off guard for a moment, but then we quickly remind ourselves that that person is bad and just wants to hurt us again.  you could be right but you could be wrong.  what woudl make you think that?  i beleive a very simple concept, ppl change.  	look at your self for instance.
could not have anything of benefit for us as the only memories that we have of them are when they were trying to hurt us.  it can be scary and it can be confusing to see behavior coming from someone who we are not used to seeing this particular behavior coming from.  it can throw
patterns we get caught in are nothing more then self limiting beliefs, as i mention earlier, that we are not good enough for the things that we want, or appear to want us, because of what ever reasons we come up with in our head.  or we convince ourself that a certain person
if extreme enough, can be overwhelming to the other person.  keep in mind that the other person is also stuck in the same self imposed cycle of not believing in themselvs, or maybe they are not, and its just mix signals back and forth, a series of simple misunderstandings.  these
didnt think we were good enough and we scared it off through our own self destructive, and sometimes self improving, behavior.  you see, it is not easy for those around us to accept a change in us over night.	it is something that has to be taken in slowly over time as the change,
thinking the same thing about us, all the while neither one realizes that they are both doing the same thing to each other in an attempt to out victimize the other.	but whats even more interesting is typically the response afterwards.  even after we lose what we want because we
given situation.  it may appear to us that the other person or people involved are working against us and doing everything in their power to bring us down to their level.  but what we also fail to realize is that most of the time, if not all the time, the other person is
you be wrong?  are you sure that you arent the one to blame?	again, a common concept arises.  self blame.  we, through out our lives, seem to have this bad habit of thinking that we are not good enough for the things that we want.  we start to question our own self worth in a
conclusions of why things are the way that they are.  you can play this exercise with almost any aspect of your life.  close your eyes and think about something that you think is holding you back.  why do you think that?  what evidence do you have to support that claim?  could
us too?  what would be the benefit?  is it worth it?  is it worth it to the other person?  should we, ourself, just leave the other person alone?  is the other person worth it?  am i worth it to them?	these are just a few of the questions that arise when coming to these
that they are ignoring us, but why is it that they would be ignoring us in the first place?  perhaps we, ourself, did something to cause that person to be reluctant in wanting to talk to us.  why could that be?  how can we, ourself, fix this?  can we?  does the other person want
emotional triggers that hold us back every day.  you see, finding the root of the cause is just the first step	next it is required to figure out why we, ourselves, are wrong about that belief.	for example, yes it may appear that every time we try to talk to the person we want to,
i try to understand exactly what that means in every event and thought and obstacle in my life.  why did this happen this way, why didnt it, etc.  for the most part, with a little bit of digging in to the subconscious, it is quite a simple task to dig up the root causes of the
i was in the middle of sleep when i had this ephiphany and was inspired to write this down.  in a sense its a somewut break down of what im studying or at least why im studying what im studying.  	i like to say everything happens for a reason.  not even that i like to say it but
@xirtempest speaking of, i just had a eureka moment while i was sleeping.  i woke up immediately to write it all down.  it made me think of this post
@xirtempest absolutely, but im talking in regards to dreams	over the past several months my dreams have helped me in ways few ppl were able	they r gifts that if you put the time into reading can provide valuable info	the subconscious is trying to help us 24/7	we just need to listen more
@mgpaul44 @vaibhavwadhvani @jordanbpeterson merry xmas
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/TipFHIg0Nl 5 Things You Should Know About The: (12 - 12 Ascension Energy)
@mgpaul44 @vaibhavwadhvani @jordanbpeterson i agree that there are things out of the individuals control.  but the individual does not have to is back and just accept their sub par experience.  do you not think that a person can strive for and attain somethign more without the aid of external influences?
alchemy can be helpful to ease the effects of the awakening process by the way https://t.co/SUzm7KC6Uw
@sarahkorpan @jordanbpeterson i dont disagree w u either	but i dont believe anyone is happy, everyones either in the system or acting like their fighting the system, its like this with everything	ppl just need 2 really start prioritizing what they want more.  happy or money or struggle for both
@tamexis @EsotericExposal but, everythign happens for a reason as they say.  so i cant hold it against them
@tamexis @EsotericExposal unfortunately fear has a huge grib on most ppl	they are all afraid that their wrong about what their afraid of, because then theyll have to realize that they were equally the problem	but thats social, personal, governmental	ppl have no idea how really fucked they all are lol
@Timburgh the whole process of figuring it out is about beating it	very slowly, and most of the time you dont even realize that yoiur doing it.  its pretty fucking crazy when you break down all the whys and why nots of things.  theres a measurable science to it as well.  its to prove tho
@tamexis @EsotericExposal i dont theres many ppl that could mentally handle how deep and far back this actually goes.  but you cant say they werent warned.  theyve been throwing it in everyones face since the dawn of time lolol	its actually quite fascinating to see how utterly blind ppl are to everything
@FrGoyo why not? what else would you call him?
@Timburgh a very twisted and most bizarre experiment
@EsotericExposal a century🤣
@medicus44 @AudreyKitching i agree with that	you inspired me again thanks	your on fire
@medicus44 @AudreyKitching I was afraid of losing someone
@medicus44 @AudreyKitching But I just realized why I'm thinking that	Thanks for inspiring
@medicus44 @AudreyKitching I think I meant more in that, understanding what going on in my mind, and because I know what it's like to not pay attention.	I know intense this has been for me, far more then I'm used to, so I'm curious if those not paying attention are getting worse or staying the same
RT @AudreyKitching: As your vibration is raising you will become very clear on what is dragging you down and what needs to be let go of. Do…
@AudreyKitching 4 the past 7 months i hav been working towards 1 goal, granted its grown significantly over time.  breaking down my life, my family, my work, my mind, everything	on 5/7 i hit the first domino	today, even if its not exactly what i wanted, its proof i can do anything	very exciting
RT @Nimisha26894791: Same here.. https://t.co/ypi9TXphKY
@LorettaManes @jordanbpeterson the alternative is a different lifestyle.	but that depends on man and woman compromising on what happiness means to them and finding a way to make it work.	happiness isnt free, it takes work, harder work then what most ppl are doing to get paid	so ask, whats worth more $ or happy
@wallibear56 @jordanbpeterson @allahpundit i believe the point is so that others can learn from her mistakes.  not everyone is going to do the same thing so there might be a pearl of wisdom in what she did wrong to further ones own convictions and beliefs, but that depends how much one want to read into it
@IronLion04 @jordanbpeterson it depends on the extent to which you are pursuing money.  and how much you value money over happiness and what your willing to compromise in either direction.  but what is too much happy and whats not enough stuff
@austinruse @jordanbpeterson or, focus on being happy before you have kids so that you can meet someone else thats happy then have happy kids, if thats what one desires.
@sarahkorpan @jordanbpeterson you dont have to shape your life after it, but you can learn from her mistakes.  life is all about learning, even if its just learning a different way of avoiding something we already plan on avoiding	different perspectives can hold grains of wisdom if we take the time to look
@mgpaul44 @vaibhavwadhvani @jordanbpeterson why hope for a better tomorrow?	why not make a better tomorrow.  its not easy for some ppl to grasp because tomorrow isnt a literal tomorrow.  your going to have to have a bunch of shitty tomorrows to get to the one you want, thats the really the only thing one has to accept
@xirtempest 	i just saw this pop up in my feed	thought i RT just in case you were intrigued by what i said about him https://t.co/Q3TAXLjXuS
no borders no boundries.  but taht depends on how big you want to dream	if you ever want to discuss the book further, i would love to.  its my lifes passion to understand it fully
ends, it only changes form, the alchemist discovers the elixer of eturnal life and that symbol takes on a whole new meaning.  because, like morpheus said.  no one can show you the matrix, you ahve to see it for yourself.  and if you can handle what you see, theres no limits,
something, but fret not, because without death there can be no life and so we return back to 1.	so we have a square.  how do you turn a square into a circle?  you spin it	what do you ahve now?  an endless cycle of creation, for ever and ever.  	and when we realize that life never
1 duplicates itself and creates a mirror/negative making the concept of duality, or 2.  the union of the 2 creates.  creation or life is represented by 3.  but without life there can be no death.  and without life there can be no creation.  4 is completion.  it represents then of
in turn represent the tetragramaton, the 4 lettered holy name of god in hebrew, yod he va he.  those 4 letters also represent teh 4 phases of existance, birth, life, death, rebirth.  the father, the mother, the son and the daughter	a little numerology helps too, 1=unity.
triangle is the union of the masculine and feminine consciousness to create the unity/christ consciousness.  but in order to achieve that union one must learn the art of squaring the circle.  the 4 points of the square represent the 4 elements, fire, water, air, and earth, which
it didnt.  and if you can understand vibration, polarity and rythyme and gender to a degree.  those 4 work in unison, well they all do, but gender, polarity and rhythme need to be understood together.  	and again i went off on a tangent	teh symbol and its meaning to me	the
said everythign happens for a reason, even the thigns we say.  i dont like to edit myself because you never know whats going to mean something to someone if you dont know what vibration frequency they are on, understanding the principle of vibration will help that make sense if
theres alot more i have to learn and prove.  but if you every have any help understanding a complex concept i might be able to reword it in a more recognizable way thats easier to understand.  and if anyting i said up there is overly complex i can try to reword it, but like i
anologies and metaphors for something else going on in your life.  get used to seeing with the creative side of your mind.  the book will help with that.  so can i.  i spent the last year of my life devoted to fully understanding what that book has to say.  i dont know everything
lesson of the philosphers stone is that sometimes you can only save yourself, thats not to be taken literally, well it can depending on the situation but more importantly it should be taken figuratively.  	start looking at things in that way, not literal, look at things as
functioning in the world around you and life takes on a new twist after that, but its not something you can tell ppl at first, they wont understand.  they think youve gone nuts.  they will attack and blame you.  but always remember, they dont know what you know.  besides the main
theres more to it as i think i only covered 3 or 4 of the principles, but when you can not even understand them, but just know them, which takes time and actual experience.  when i say experience what i mean is, the more you understand them, the more you start to see them
consciousness is also yours and mine.  so its quite probable to say, if all of that made sense, that when i said to you the book finds you for a reason, i guess i found you for a reason.  neat how that works right?  thats the philosophers stone.  well thats a fragment of it.
consciousness, which is in all of us, had some type of hand into what is transpiring in the world.  but as the principle of correspondance states, as above so below, which is tied into the law of analogy, which might actaully make as above so below make more sense, that ALL
this question seems to be perfectly timed.  like the principle of causality states, every cause has an effect and every effect has a cause, basically, everythign happens for a reason.  and if everything is consciousness as the principle of mentalism states, then that all
little technical, so if something doesnt make sense let me know and will try to reword it.  but there is alot of things going on in those 3 shapes, and again, this is my interpretatin based off of my studies and research.  i gave up my life to fully understand taht symbol.  so
little basic understanding of the hebrew alphabet, not actually knowing to speak and write it, but the concept behind it really helps.  knowing some of the letters can help too, im no expert i know about 10 letters.	but i drift off sometimes.  back to the symbol.  i may get a
from my interpretation of it, to fully undestrand it, a knowledge of the hermetic principles and the esoteric traditions, alchemy, magic, kabalah, tarot (not the fortune telling kind.  theres some really good books on the esoteric nature of the cards i can recommend) even a
yes im very familiar withi the symbol.  it is the philosophers stone.  im not sure your familiarity with it, i would presume that if your reading the kyballion then you have at least heard of it.  its a symbol of the alchemical process of transmuting lead to gold, if you arent.
@th31nitiate 	its a long explanation so i needed to do it like this and if its overly technical, ill try to change the wording		but here is what i see with that symbol. https://t.co/Og6lIihONi
@telliproclaims @Musing_Stranger @jordanbpeterson if u ever unblock me	i didnt say there werent bills either.  but again, perception is reality.  every1 lives in an alternate reality from every1 else	8 bill ppl with 8 bill perspectives making roughly 8 bill alternate realities.  i will enjoy mind just as much as you enjoy yours
@telliproclaims @Musing_Stranger @jordanbpeterson "...if paying bills makes you happy thats your perspective"
@telliproclaims @Musing_Stranger @jordanbpeterson Absolutely u can do that or a million billion other things.	But, like I said, it all depends on your own personal concept of what it means 2 be happy.	My happy isn't yours &amp; vice versa	Perception is reality to those who are perceiving it, if paying bills makes your perspective
@telliproclaims @Musing_Stranger @jordanbpeterson I wasn't talking about bills	What's more important to you	Happiness or money	Would you rather be unhappy or have stuff?	Would you rather be unhappy and have more stuff or would you rather be happy with nothing 	Just depends on your own concept of what happiness is
@HelpingToMAGA @Musing_Stranger @jordanbpeterson Then the gay perspective should be similar to mine.  Too much emphasis on trying to prove yourself to others rather then proving something to yourself	That goes for boys and girls
@Musing_Stranger @HelpingToMAGA @jordanbpeterson Your 100% correct	Now we should be asking why we're not	And when we figure that out, we need to figure out to fix it	Too bad there's not more ppl who think this way.	Your an incredibly intelligent person because more ppl should be able to admit that
@Musing_Stranger @jordanbpeterson By finding their own way	By challenging our fears of the unknown to be who we know we should be, not the person that is striving for approval from anyone else 	That and this need to have more	Be content with what you have	That goes for both men and women
RT @babykalk_: @toksikshok @SayItValencia heavily agree, many choose not to take the time to pay attention in fear of that challenge! but t…
@babykalk_ @SayItValencia Ppl rarely take the time 2 appreciate those w/ sumthing 2 say becuz it challenges their own beliefs.  A friend of mine once said, "I may not believe what you believe but I believe that you believe it".	A wise person could add a few more words to that, "and I'd like to learn more"
@jordanbpeterson Is joining the work force really a fulfilling life to anyone not lying to themselves?	Is anyone truly happy working for someone else, being told what to do everyday, in a constant struggle to fight to maintain "normalcy"	Her advice should be every young person
@babykalk_ @SayItValencia I hope ppl openly appreciate your mind in your life
RT @AudreyKitching: Follow your soul, it will always lead you to your truth.
RT @AudreyKitching: Hopelessness, lack of direction and overwhelming grief are side effects of this final 3D collapse. The uncontrollable s…
RT @xirtempest: This past year was such a crazy, metamorphic period of epiphanies and enlightenment. I can only imagine what this upcoming…
@AudreyKitching I can relate to this completely	There were many times I wanted to give up, but every time I was about to the universe gave me just a crumb of hope.  A crumb that was enough to give me the courage to keep going	I am curious how it's being handled by those who don't pay attention
RT @SilverStarSiri: Human soul possesses, from the fact  of its being of the same essence as all creation, a marvelous power. One who posse…
RT @EsotericExposal: If you do not try, you will not know.
@astrobebs This may not be the popular answer but a Leo who has  control over their ego, who knows when to keep their mouth shut when it's appropriate
@DailyDamage funny you say that, or is it....	still trying to figure it out myself.  id be very interested in picking your brain one day.  i got alot to say on this subject and not too many ppl that ive met can understand.	it would be nice to hear something other then your crazy for once lol
RT @MindTendencies2: Your growth will trigger some people		Keep growing unapologetically
it does not make one unwise to not see it	their still learning	ego is a hell of a drug https://t.co/tRgB7v0xpf
RT @transformvtion: Do you see the signs all around you?
RT @EsotericExposal: The twelve permutations of the Tetragrammaton: IHVH, VHIH, HIHV, HVHI, IHHV, IVHH, HVIH, VIHH, HHVI, HHIV, HIVH, VHHI.
@DCnumerology or inquisitive ppl who want to understand how something simple works better.	some of the most simple things can become extremely complex when we break it down	im remind of the alchemist axiom	solve et coagula
RT @DCnumerology: In this matrix if enough people believe something to be "true" it becomes group consciousness. For example if enough peop…
@DCnumerology but who is to say whats absolute when every truth is a half lie	perception is reality to those who are perceiving it
@DailyDamage how so?
@Numerologynow have you read message from the stars by max heindel?
to your next journey, which is going to be really awesome, as long as you let it be.  the only one that was ever holding you back is you
was because you put yourself over that edge to tempt fate.  but those seeds you plant today will take time to sprout and when they do, you will now when its time to collect.  and rejoice for that future self that you are becoming, because that is the person that going to take you
or a feeling, could be a whole movie you thought out in your head.	never regret your choices.  once you let go of the pain, you will see your self soar up and above those old traps and feelings and come to realize that the only reason you where stuck in that spot to begin with
wanted wasnt what you needed it to be when you wanted and though you feel split in two. remember that breaking away from the old allows new growth for the future.  maybe not something tangible just yet, sometimes just a taste of something down the line.  could just be a thought
for a reason.  to help you break down the defenses that youve built up over the years.  its those defenses that are causing you to resist letting them go now.	dire attachment to the ego.  let it go or it will consume you and tear you apart,	but fret not.	just because that thing u
its been a while.  im feeling inspired today and asides from being beautiful this deck speaks to me like few others	i hope it resonates		remember the past.  dont be afraid to look at who you were, where you wanted to go or the ppl you spent you time with.  they were all there https://t.co/ntmVQh7s5L
No but you can make up for it https://t.co/SPiwtVo7ja
@Jordan_Sather_ Your character should show that you are above even addressing it, given your popularity	Are you mad he's wrong or are you scared he's right	The truth doesn't need to be justified	Ego tends to get us mad about what we are afraid to admit to ourselves 	No biggy	Only human
@SayItValencia Wise man once say 	You can't save the world until you clean your own house first	Wise mans very wise
RT @LivPsy: Sometimes, people who are thousands of miles away can make you feel better than the ones right beside you.
RT @xirtempest: Look out for those who only come to you at their lowest moments so you can help them heal from their past and coddle their…
@IntThings everything happens for a reason
RT @xirtempest: You will notice while testing the unconscious waters, there’s a lot going on beneath the surface awareness that hasn’t been…
@xirtempest your on fire today
it is a trying time for many ppl.  alot of old baggage is coming to the surface.  remember that you know your doing the right thing.  but when those scare voices are calling to you to come back.  just remember, sometimes you can only save yourself	never feel bad for your actions
@abductionsandco w/ a little self mastery u can c those ppl coming &amp; use that insight 2 ur advantage by allowing them 2 play their game &amp; at the same time raise them back up to your level	it takes patience &amp; alot of trial &amp; error but if u can make it work, its magical	just depends on if u want it
@obscuree_ it doesnt stop the older u get.  but think of it like this.  we have 2 cut off our toxic relationships 2 allow time 2 heal both sides.  wut was meant to be will always come back, just not always in a time frame that we want.	but the universe gives us what we need not what we want
its ok to be wrong too	to understand that perception is reality to those who are perceiving it, makes admitting the 4 magic words that much easier.  i could be wrong https://t.co/lATBycS3km
@LaForeignSavage @LivPsy sumtimes its not about expressing them 2 the ppl that dont care	explore them in your mind &amp; allow urself to feel the emotion fully, be it sadness, anxiety, anger, etc.  wen u allow yourself to feel it, you will then be able to figure out the lesson you needed to learn and move on
@SilverStarSiri words are magic, thats why its called spelling
@EsotericExposal well it represents many things, a black cube being one.  it also represents the titan kronos, father of zues.
this https://t.co/qxoytAyTGx
@UmarFof What if it's a person	You can't control ppl, but they don't know that unless you teach them
@FrGoyo Here's a trick He taught me	When close your eyes and timhink about what it is your nervous or afraid about.	Let it fully consume you what ever it is.  Allow yourself to feel what ever emotion it triggers, fully	Then remember, your just like everbody else and it's ok
This is a really good one https://t.co/P5YidIj55D
@aarongarrity why?
and no forcing yourself to say yes https://t.co/4E5zaVStwn
@Tsaralexi which historical facts?  	i believe projecting has been around since the dawn of the ego
@Majakwenyin12 and how do you trigger a change in someone
@Tsaralexi didnt you just project by pointing out their alleged projecting, which is what your accusing them of doing?
@frrocketdan seems a little harsh	how about instead of smiting them, we accept that they have differing opinions that may seem toxic but perhaps we should investigate, because, you never know, they may have a good reason for thinking the way they do.  you might get a neat friend afterwards
@obscuree_ sometimes its simple shit like this thats the hard to get	plus remember, the universe doesnt give us what we want when we want it, it gives us exactly what we need right when we need it.  not before, not after.
RT @EsotericExposal: The word alcohol comes from the Arabic "al-kuhl" which is the name of a body-eating spirit, and is also the root origi…
@AudreyKitching so dark but so much light flooded in right after.	feel like i was hit by truck
@ss116396 thank you very much	yes thats all it is.  my brain just goes and goes.  sometimes fun little things like this come out. 	do you write?	i find it helps alot, even when its just shitty feeling that i cant get out on my own
@leftarmisme you dont want to die do you?	"smile" would of been a much better word to use lol	i dare you to start paying attention starting tomorrow, itll take time, but youll get your wish if you do
@EllaIsYourQueen thank you.  that story was very influential to me for a while.  i was just reminded of it tonight
@Shah67632809 @EsotericExposal start with the kyballion.	read it as many times as it takes to make sense and you can see what its saying.  might take more then one but its short.  once you do that, you wont just see them in the sky
@LuminousFlux12 and dont worry your smarter then most of the population that doesnt ahve the courage to say waht you do	so look at it like that	these pp look up to someone like you, they are just too afraid to admit it, because they are scared. do it for those ppl
@LuminousFlux12 try not to judge what?	i didnt say you werent smart, i said sound smart.	big difference	words are magic, thats why its called spelling
@LuminousFlux12 also does not count
@LuminousFlux12 try to know u know what you know before you say you know stuff.  makes you look like u know what your saying, you know	and thats important if your going to be talking about stuff like this.  otherwise ppl ignore you, unless they are not as smart as you.  then ur taking advantage
@LuminousFlux12 i appreciate the time to find all of those links.  but thats not what i mean.	to believe something in something is faith.  something you cant prove.	knowing something is not needing to prove it	so do you know or do you believe	those are 2 different words
one that so many poor ppl cant seem to rememeber.  i say it from my heart that it breaks me to see someone under that condition.  afraid of showing someone else that you are weak.  your afraid.	im scared.  im scared all the time.  im afraid im going to be trapped in this zoo...
you are allowed to have your cake and eat it to.  it just requires a little patience.  keep cool.  you can make it just a little bit longer because theres alot riding on you.  alot more then you know it.	dont be like orpheus.  he failed to learn a very valuable lesson...
unfortunately orpheus didnt see it that way.  he threw away his life to weep in the woods until he was murdered and dissected by a pack of angry water nymphs.  silly man.	he was such a coward to accept that he made the best choice of his life, but he failed to realize one thing..
dragged away lost forever.  his one chance stolen away, not by anyone elses fault but his own.  but was it.  perhaps orpheus's intuition knew that this girl was no good.  perhaps that urge to turn was the gods doing him a favor because she would of made him give up his talent...
it wasnt a short trip and orpheus was growing restless and the further along they went, the further away her footsteps sounded.  	as he came to the mouth of the cave he lost control of himself and he turned around.  all he saw when he was finished was his wife being...
that he gave Orpheus one chance to bring her back.  He told Orpheus that he had to walk all the way back to the upper realm on foot with his wife behind him.  But, if he turned our to check on her, even once, she would be taken away from him for ever.  	he agreed
he desperately pleads with the lord of the underworld, hades, to give him back his love.  Hades asked what Orpheus had to give in return.  Orpheus had nothing but his lyre, so he play for Hades, and his wife Persphone, his most beautiful tune.  Hade was so moved by this song...
are you familiar with the story of orpheus?	at a time, he was the greatest musician of all.  his music was legendary through out the land.	one day, because he was a coward, he missed his wedding.  consumed by fear.  his fear cost his wife her life.	broken by his weakness...
I believe one person can conspire to do a lot on their own, and it's not always evil https://t.co/l3jwayuAxe
@LuminousFlux12 What do you know about them?	And do you know or do you just think you know because someone said it and in reality you only believe 2nd hand info
@EsotericExposal Not necessarily evil
Can you feel them in your head?	Clawing at your mind, waiting for your will to crack just a little bit.  Just enough to sink their claws deeper and drag you back to the hell that you just escaped		maybe it's all in your head, maybe those demons are actually angels, but maybe not
so much more releasing	but so many lovely insights
@EsotericPagan im glad you see that, about language	too many egos saying the same thing differently.
“From every power that holds the world in chains,	Man frees himself when self-control he gains.”	-Goethe
@EsotericPagan Solitude is a gift that most ppl fear.  But fear is why most ppl can't grow.	Afraid of not being afraid		As for humans being animals, I think of it like this, there's different grades of ppl.	Some choose to be more then a monkey and other that choose not
RT @AlanWattsDaily: If you find out it’s you who circulates your blood, you will at the same moment find out that you are shining the sun.
@LivPsy that assuming
@EsotericPagan most, if not all, people, whether they want to admit it or not, dont feel like they fit in.	thats because they dont, but thats also because their not supposed to		but who really wants to fit in anyway.  look at how those ppl act, like animals
@th31nitiate there is no wrong way to apply it. remember, the principle of causation.  everything happens 4 a reason, even the book finding you	if you werent ready, you wouldnt have it	and heres how i applied it	look @ the world around u, and look at how all 7 are working together everywhere
@th31nitiate if you have any issues with the content, i may be able to help explain.  	do you know what that symbol is in the center?
you didnt kill any of my friends in the process of being mad at me.  and forgiveness is the hardest lesson to learn.	so what do you want?  you want to live or you want to exist?  makes no difference to me. because, you see, your just 1 in 8 billion, just like me.
sometimes we dont see what we did until its too late, but is it ever too late?  really?  i suppose death would make it too late, but even then, is it?  theres always other ppl.  same soul different face, i say.  but i could be wrong.  that happens from time to time.  i just hope
hold grudges.  you do and say things that make ppl mad so that you can get a reaction.  you may not realize it but we all do.  because youre afraid.  afraid that someone might not be as bad as you think so you do things that you later regret because it turns out, you were wrong.
really did learn anything on my quest which was just one big test.  a search to find a thing that i can do that would make me happy so i didnt have to rely on others.  a thing that i can take it back to my friends and family and say, "hey, wanna be happy with me or no"?  but you
like money and ppl like girlfriends and wives and children and friends, but them, like you, like me, were doing the exact same thing i was, being bored.  so i stopped relying on otheres to make me happy.  i went on a quest.  a quest that was ultimately a test, a test to see if i
if its sitting in a little gray room with one but your own thoughts and word processor.  that you can be happy, because your not and your just too afraid to admit it too yourself.	there was a time i wasnt happy either.  i relied on others and things to make me happy.  things
the boredom that you cant even imagine that life could be any other way and your too afraid to say that you could be wrong, but thats how things go.	so no im not bored. im doing exactly what i need to do to show you that life doesnt have to be boring.  that you can enjoy it, even
the same, i know because i was just like them.  Bored.  your bored with your lives because your not doing what you want to be doing, so you feel, bored, or you think you do.  are you really bored?  and what do you want to be doing?  you dont even know because your so focused on
barely keep up with what it tells me and i dont even have a job other then doing what im doing.  figuring out who i am so that i can help you stop being such a tight ass about your life.  but thats how ppl are.  ive met many ppl over the past half year and every person has been
that the universe fucks with us with.  a middle finger of sorts, just to say "sorry, but your not ready yet.  but keep up the good work, cause it might work at some point, maybe, if your a good boy or girl".	but who am i to say what the universe is trying to tell you.  i can
someone is willing to read my words and want to talk to me but as i said before, the universe does not give you what you want when you want it.  no, it never does.  maybe a tease.  perhaps a taste, but thats its.  makes me wonder if wants are anything more then littel fantasies
you would rather be doing instead of being bored.  because as we can see, im not bored at all.  i was just not doing the thing that was giving me satisfaction, and what is that?  this.   talking.  but i cant talk because i have no one to talk to so i have to write and hope that
dont get what we want when we want it.  sorry but the universe is a bit of a jerk like that sometimes.  so rather then rush myself out into the cold, i sit in my little tomb and write, because maybe, thats what i was supposed to be doing the whole time.  	now, i am curious what
about being bored.  and what things going on inside my mind when im bored, but am i really bored, or am i just not doing the thing that i want to be doing?  quite the question there right?  or no?  	so what do i want to be doing.  walking around in the lovely sunshine, but we
i feel bored by. why?  im bored because im tired of sitting in this room.  what would you rather be doing?  walking around out side in the sun and beautiful weather.  but it is cold and inspiring me to stay inside and write this instead.  and what am i writing about?  im writing
@ariskaratzas1 @ThelIluminatii or so you believe
@ariskaratzas1 @ThelIluminatii did you just make that term up?  i dont believe social truth is true	truth is truth	my truth may be different from yours but every truth is a half lie and a lie is a half truth	and the court of mans law, is a lie unless you want to believe in it, but thats on you, i opt out
@TravisMannon @jeremyscahill but those journalists arent reporting to you.  they are reporting to the general population that has 0 clue or interest in the things you mentioned.  i think theres a huge disconnect between the "truth" community and the general pop.  they dont care.  &amp; theres more of them then u
RT @TravisMannon: It's journalistic malpractice to present George H.W. Bush’s legacy and not mention Iran-Contra, AIDS, coups, and the mass…
@ariskaratzas1 @ThelIluminatii juries dont give truth.  they give opinions based on several different perspectives and and a wide range of life experiences.  probably the furthest thing from the truth you will ever find. more aptly called a consensus
@paulocoelho i was just having this thought	if the monsters chasing you try to scratch at your heals	should u swat them away becuz you have a scarier and bigger monster hiding inside you and you aint got time for baby monters or do you give them the monster that they think they want you to be
@trumpovic02 @KatTheHammer1 @MazurikL @skb_sara @grizzlemeister @SiddonsDan @ROHLL5 @LeahR77 @jojoh888 @StacyLStiles @MissILmom i agree w/ the one	"feel your fucking feelings"	too many ppl are stuck being afraid all the time becuz they wont allow themselves to feel, espec the sad ones	its quite freeing		why does it matter that its a little kid though?	do you set the bar of whats right? and whats not?
@americamag @jesuiticalshow @pursuedbytruth what if your not going to die?
@davidicke "reportedly admits"	words are powerful, especially when they are left out
RT @sabientje: https://t.co/etZX0QUUE1
@Feisty_FL that would constitute about 99% of the population...of earth, in my opinion
@authorpaulhunt look at it this way, could be worse
RT @AudreyKitching: So many things that use to have a hold over us are losing their grip. If it isn’t real and based in love and truth, it…
@AudreyKitching wut do u consider giving in2 fear	wen im afraid, i let myself feel it and explore it, to find out what it really is that im afraid of	once i figure that out, its just a matter of figuring out why that thing is scary in the first place &amp; wut lesson it has 2 teach	but thats me
@Tiffany_M_Roa probably a good idea	the law of exchange is a tricky one
@lIIuminatii not always true	its not until we lose hope that we are able to see that they actually cared the whole time, but didnt know how to show it		you just helped me realize something thats been troubling me for weeks.  thanks you
@LivPsy i fixed my depression with overthinking.  over analyzing everything my brain was trying to show me until i was able to solve the problems in my head
@th31nitiate wait till you start to see it full in action in the world around you	just remember, there is no coincidences and everyone finds that book for a reason
did you feel that tingle?
@NoeticJ @AudreyKitching i did this on july 6th.  been working on myself 24/7 ever since	ya i rushed a little bit, and i put myself thru hells that alot of ppl couldnt imagine but everything happens for a reason	the sooner you learn to trust yourself the quicker the nighmare ends
@ThelIluminatii unless you can drop the ego act and admit that you are just as guilty as they are
being some1 that u hate 2 justify being with the ppl that u hate.  	but the only reason u hate them is becuz u hate u	&amp; they only hate u is cuz they hate themselves &amp; need a reason to continue doing wut their doing so u dont stop hating them	just like u	sound about right?  or no
RT @NativeAmWisdom: Grown men can learn from very little children, for the hearts of little children are pure. Therefore, the Great Spirit…
@AsiatheGemini everything happens for a reason and everything has some kind of meaning to point you in the right direction of what it is your are truly looking for, as long as you know how to see it
RT @LivPsy: You have two ears and one mouth. Follow that ratio. Listen more, talk less.
Thus, the mystic message of Man’s evolution,	is marked in flaming characters upon the field of	heaven, where he who runs may read.		-Message of the Star	Max Heindel
@Maddcurlss that and everyone is afraid of everyoen else.  their afraid that if they do something different everyone is going to judge them	perhaps not all, but many
@da13thsun why?
@itsholybible i believe christ saves	same but different	same ideas but different philosophies
@AwareFrequency @SwampysGhost what does it sound like to you?	because i see an alchemical philosophy	those are coded too, a combonation of literal and subliminal.  it takes some practice to use both at the same time	it should be different everyone
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex theres a reason for sure. i have a few theories that arent exactly ready for public consumption, if they ever are.	but its for a reason, if even a little bit is right, as very important reason that is goign to be very hard for some ppl to understand	but thats just me
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex you may not have understood it because i cant word it right	but you answered it perfectly
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex well that depends too, my outlook on society woudl probably differ from yours	but yes, puitting full faith in one philosophy or theology isnt cutting it anymore
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex very true	perception is reality to those percieving it and every truth is a half lie and every lie is a half truth
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex of course, but a issue i came across many times is that there are quite a few ppl that will refuse to even hear another perspective	i try to preface that my thoughts are my own, but like i said earlier, dropping the ego &amp; being able to listen to wht others have to say can be hard
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex i think i worded that wrong	i think its better to ask if you actively try to pay attention to the effects of the 7 principles in action in the world around you?	another book if you have not read, the kyballion.	its a fantastic break down of the philosophy behind hermeticism
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex if i can find it, as its buried, i put together a big thread back around march that has a ton of books and videos.  if i can find it ill tag you in a RT
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex will do	thanks	i enjoyed the chat, feel free to hit me up anytime again
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex exactly	nothing is more enticing to keep learning then finding a new piece of information that replaces or enhances an old belief/paradigm	the trick though is being able to calm the ego enough to accept what i call the 4 magic words...I COULD BE WRONG
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex then your much more well versed then many of the ppl i worked with during my q research	to you put much stock into it?
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex im not too familiar with it as, like i said, i cut myself off to most of the political circus, but ive always been highly suspect to most protests and gathers	i look at them as nothing more then distractions
@redtexsin @BrianMonzon everythign happens for a reason.  we never get what we want when we want it, its always right when we need it.	im sure that insight was for something very important
@laurabusse it feels lik it a beating sometimes lol
@RenovaAlejandro @mindmixradio @c0achrex the masons are an interesting group once you get into their deeper teachings, the rosicrucians and golden dawn(not the new dawn) also have alot of interesting research to look into	i also highly suggest the works of eliphas levi
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex ive never heard of them, ill check them out	hall was a mason and expert in the esoteric sciences	if you find the time, secret teachings of all ages is a fantastic read that will keep you busy for a while
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex your absolutley right	i got mixed up with the anons last october/nov and spent about 10-15 every day digging and digging until around may when i broke off on my own.  the deeper you dig the weirder things get, but there is a bottom to the rabbit hole
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex i believe that there is also a 3rd player that most ppl overlook	are you familiar with hermes tresmegistus and the hermetic principles?
@johnnypeeps it could quite possibly be	i had a dream last night of a scenario that could be leading to somewhere specific that i may be heading	dreams are interesting like that.	they say alot with out saying too much
@wild_stallion_3 i think at the very least, it will be interesting to watch
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex well i can tell yoiu from my research that the ancient traditions play a much bigger role in the happening of the world then ppl could imagine.	have you ever read anything from manly p hall?	in my opinion, ppl need ot become much better acquainted with esoterism
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex i think something like that is going to take a very long time before the general public find out	i actually believe the they will probably will know little of anythign that happens.  but thats just my own thought.  i dont think their minds could handle the shock
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex youd probably be really insteresting in the things ive done.  i was a q digging with the anons since the beginning, but i was coming up with different conclusions and i had to take a step back, ppl didnt like my ideas of the occult and esoteric aspects of what q was talking about
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex exactly. i live by a strict code, i never force any1 to try what i do	whats good for me isnt good for you and vice versa.	i take my work to the extreme, but i do it for a reason.  i ahvent heard of anyone else doing what im do with exploring my issues.  im a special case lol
@RenovaAlejandro @mindmixradio @c0achrex are you familiar with edward bernays, nephew of sigmund frued and father of public relations.  i think you would find him interesting	also if you havent check out the book mass control by jim keith
@wild_stallion_3 that actually makes sense as there will need ot be some semblance of order and the secrets they are holding are more then the average person can comprehend without breaking their minds	theres alot more going on then anyone nows, but i got a hunch you know htat too
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex most ppl have no idea how subliminal.  and thats not just television, but books and music	ever watch/read/listen to something and it evokes a specific memory or feeling?	i study the subliminal effects of as many aspects of life.  symbolism, color, language, its all part of it
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex well, thats part of some of the work i do	the effects of letting go	i dont want to get to mystical as it doesnt make much sense to ppl but its been my experience that we dont exactly need everything that we are told that we do, as long as one learns to not be afraid to lack
@wild_stallion_3 but that will be a tricky task, unless someone who didnt prescribe to the churches doctrine were able to find themselves in a position of power	and im sure it would be easier for 1 covert person then an army of guns and bombs	something tells me they wont be too willing otherwise
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex its hypnotic.  i still catch myself getting drawn into the allure of the moving pictures.  i try 2 keep myself closed off	i spend most of my days just digging into my head trying to rewire my old programming, its a lonely life but emotional control is a skill that highly lacking
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex dead on.  but everyday life thats perpetuated by the system is keeping everyone bogged down with meaningless stuff, bills, work, xmas, but at the same it all comes down to one thing..MONEY	money not being used as a tool but as a way of life	$ is a hell of a drug
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex i know its not easy to just cut out of the world and work on yourself.  it took me 7 months of seclusion.  not many ppl can do that or have the courage to just walk away from everything to heal up their minds.  and that i feel is the big thing
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex i think the problem with that is that until ppl fully embrace themselves as individuals the corruption will never end	everyone is too busy right now on being right that they are missing the imortant part	you cant heal the world until you clean your own house, that goes for every1
@redtexsin @BrianMonzon considering we are our own worst enemie, how better to fight it then alone	no one else can tell you why you do the things you do that made your life the way it is	and placing blame on an entity or outside source for our woes is just a way to keep the attention off of ourselves
@mindmixradio @RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex from my experience most ppl have becum too reliant on someone else telling them what to do, in all aspects of their lives.  they gotten lazy &amp; complacent waiting for someone to fix their problems	ive had alot of ppl tell me their goals and dreams, but even more so i hear excuses
the message of the stars by max heindel	a deeper look at the esoteric nature of astrology as taught by the rosicrucian order.  i started reading it last night, great read especially for those familiar with astrotheology and esoterism in general		https://t.co/DbOJ6pVqv6
@RenovaAlejandro @c0achrex @mindmixradio i think its more of an issue when ppl accept they have leaders instead of public servents	perhaps the leaders arent the problem
@EsotericExposal but it should be noted that the ancients didnt relate information in literal terms like we do.  their works spoke to the deeper core of those observing using symbolism and allegory.	is there credence to this?  maybe	but this is comparing apples to hamburgers
@AnOpenSecret why continually call her out?	does it make you feel better?	you dont know her perspective, asides from a few posts.	sometimes from the higher ground its best to not bring focus on that which bothers us	unless of course your just looking for attention
take time for yourself, any that you can.  look inside yourself and see what it is that bothers you.  dont be afraid to examine it.  dont be afraid to ask yourself the question, why.  be your own explorer, becuz once you can master that, no one can ever hold you down again
in my experience, the best way to beat a negative emotion out of you is the write it out.	due to the amount of time ive been at this, my emotional blocks are quite intense and can be debilitating most of the time as i devoted my life to learning how to conquer fear
@johnnypeeps dreams try to tell how us things from our lives.	not always literally, sometimes we have to look a little deeper at what it means in relation to the physical world around us	does this relate to something going on in your life right now in someway?
@sanitycafe does it though?	how much time have you spent with them to make that determination?	we are always quick to judge others we really know nothing about.	mob mentality and group think based off of assumptions and hearsay are a dangerous precedent to set
@SwampysGhost sounds pretty literal to me.  this is a tactic that i practice on my own.  fighting the urge to shift yourself to make an uncomfortable situation a little more bearable and make it easier to handle the next time your in a similar situation	what do you think it means?
is someone fighting to hold their place in your mind?	dont suppress it, let your mind show you what its trying to, no matter how scary it seems.  cry, get mad, get sad, get nuts.  it isnt easy and will make you feel things u dont want to feel	but you have to or youll never let go
@AudreyKitching this is a tough one, i feel like im missing a lesson i need to learn, either that or im not allowing myself to recognize it for fear of losing this thing		but its consuming my days and my dreams.  what ever it is its putting up a good fight to keep me attached		i got this though
@wild_stallion_3 I no what your saying but I also get the impression that you also know you live in a world of deceit, probably also knowing the church lies to its flock.	Maybe that fear of the anti christ is becuz they are afraid that he is going to topple their system of control down
@wild_stallion_3 One mans anti christ is and other mans Christ 	Don't be so quick to judge and call ppl names, especially when you don't even know them.	Could turn out to b a really nice person who doesnt consider themselves bad at all &amp; is just misunderstood because ppl keep call them antichrist
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/FbfvgJEHWO Leo NO RUNNING, NO HIDING-THEY WON'T LET YOU!! December 1-15 2018
@Lucy_Ritardo arent you glad i pissed you off now? lol	thanks for the chat
@Lucy_Ritardo exactly that	taking in new ideas and replacing old outdated ones, and even forging new original ideas based on the best aspects of the old and the best aspects of the newer one.
@Lucy_Ritardo i try to stay open to all types of weird.  you never know what you can learn
@Lucy_Ritardo I think your on to something	Everything happens for a reason
@Lucy_Ritardo I like talking to ppl, but ppl don't like talking to "weird" ppl too much in the real world
@Lucy_Ritardo I agree completely	Most of my days are spent musing over my personal existence	Then I write, what I believe are interesting things for ppl to contemplate during their seemingly mundane day	When I'm bored I look for tweets to provoke a conversation	Sum times it works	Sum times no
@Lucy_Ritardo well not right now.  i was bored.  but now i found someone to talk to so it worked lol
@Lucy_Ritardo like what?
@Lucy_Ritardo why?
@Lucy_Ritardo where just not expecting anyone to respond?	im just trying to understand the motive.  i like to understand why ppl think the way they do sometimes.  your post caught my eye
@Lucy_Ritardo just bored	then why post it?
@Lucy_Ritardo &amp; for that matter, if u didnt want anyone to reply the way that i did, why not explain the story better and if you werent looking for replies then why post it for ppl to potentially reply?  unless you were just looking for someone to agree with you arbitrarily	that would be weird
@Lucy_Ritardo i dont understand how you mean contradictory.	i dont recall judging you, i did though, say maybe.  if you wish to percieve that as a judgment i cant stop you	why was it unflattering?  maybe you just misjudged it and it wasnt supposed to be flattering in the first place
@Lucy_Ritardo weird for you could be flattering for someone else	dont be so quick to judge someones behavior if you dont actually know why they are that way to begin with	maybe your the one thats weird
@SwampysGhost why not focus on fixing interpersonal relationships this holiday season instead of gov't corruption.  and ppl really dont know anything about freedom, even the ones that think they do.	do you use money?  do you pay taxes?  do you go to work?  do you pay bills?	your not free
@grgbkr37 i would actually go so far as to say that christ is spiritual manifestation of anarchy
@ChristineCee001 @ILLUMINATIAM What does the group do
@medicus44 Exactly that
@ThankQ45 @HenryMakow You sure that's California?
@medicus44 Negativity.	I'm sure you've noticed that being around negative ppl can bring your own mood down one or twice.  Like that.	Ever talk to some1 who had nothing good to say brings u down?	That's what I mean by energy.  Does that make sense?	And thanks for asking, I wish more ppl did
RT @SayItValencia: You do not need my attention	You do not need my approval	You do not need for me to like you	Not me, not anyone else
Maybe it's just me, but isn't taking in someone's bad energy the only way for us to learn to transmute it?	Hide from the darkness and you will never learn to conquer it
@EdLatimore What's weak to you is strong to someone else		We like to point out the flaws of others so that we hide from those things in ourselves		Either way, Weak, strong, it's all perspective and intensity
@bob15523558 In the physical sense of my brain decoding the vibrational intention you were putting forth, no		Why?		Do you think texting some1 "hello" is conceptually different then speaking the word to some1?		What difference is hearing what you can see?
@Tsaralexi The weak are there to justify the strong		Just depends on how long the weak decide to be weak before they admit they are no different then the strong		Low confidence = no confidence		No confidence = stagnation		Stagnation = death
@loesmittyjmj Depends on who your apologizing to and why you feel the need that ones existence is making another suffer enough that they need an apology for the act of existing	Never apologize	Everything happens for a reason, you just have to figure out why
@frrocketdan Or maybe listen to what they have to say	Being able to admit that u dont know as much as u think &amp; to learn from someone elses perspective is a powerful gift few hav	Sum times its easier then finding a new friend	Maybe, "turn off your ego" is a better answer, but I could be wrong
@Jordan_Sather_ "They may have used...", would probably be better wording.	I know I wasn't there, and I got a hunch you weren't there either, but I don't know you and I could be wrong, but I doubt it
@stefanofait @Jordan_Sather_ Well that's not 100% true.	I always saw hearsay as the lazy mans research, but I digress.  I'm just going on at this point, but I hope that all makes sense
@stefanofait @Jordan_Sather_ Because he retweeted an unsubstantial story?	Is there an actual record of him saying those things or is it hearsay?	And why is it that hearsay is such a popular for of communication anyway?	As a former anon researcher, I could never reconcile the power of hearsay
@AjitPaiFCC So are you from the school of thought that fdr didn't let the attack happen as a means of getting us involved in the war?
@bob15523558 And sometimes the responses are more fun then what it was we originally said
@bob15523558 Is there a difference	Tweeting is just talking into the void in the hopes that someone wants to hear what you have to say.  If we didn't care, we wouldn't say it, or tweet it.	But either way, we wouldn't say/tweet it if we didn't want someone to respond.
RT @MindTendencies2: It is hard to break through the comfort zone		Because the caged bird thinks the metal bars are for its protection
@bob15523558 And even more surprising is that there's ppl talking about them
Perhaps that thing your fighting so hard to bring with you doesn't really even want to come along for the ride because it hasn't seen the same thing u have	And maybe that's why it's trying so hard to hold you back because, it's afraid of what your going to find when you get there
i wonder how christ and the anti-christ reconcile their differences to work together	i suppose theyd have to be willing to meet in the middle.  i wonder what that would look like
@EllaIsYourQueen and i think thats really it.  words	everyone uses a million different words to say the same thing, and end up arguing over the packaging rather then the content
@Jordan_Sather_ Does it matter though?
@SwampysGhost @RedPillMagaMom Well it is fox after all	If it was CNN or MSNBC I would understand your excitement a little bit more
@EllaIsYourQueen Good	Sometimes my thoughts are much bigger then the words I use to describe them
@orchidslantern i would imagine its essential	theres always going to be bad reviews no matter what, just there will be good	itheres something to learn from all, even the trolls lol	ppl have a bad connotation for what they think is bad, cuz even trolls are trolls cuz you got something they dont
@AudreyKitching im glad you just said that.  because this new visions. its almost as if, the dark side of it is inconsequential because of all the work that was done over the past few months.  that even if this particular path crumbles there are so many others with limitless potential	very cool
RT @AudreyKitching: Endings and new beginnings are both intertwined. Embrace them both, for one can not exist without the other.
@AudreyKitching I have a few paths it's showing me but that's just more clearing.	I've been having great inspirations for the bast 16-17 hours which is usually a sign That i am about to have a potentially very releasy type of night.	Wish me luck, I feel something big brewing
@EllaIsYourQueen Me too	The challenges seem more positively charged.  Almost like the challenge is to find the most creative way of solving it	The fear of failure is gone, I mean cuz even the failure is just as welcome	Does that make sense?
I hope last nights new moon is inspiring you like it is me
@AudreyKitching As a matter of fact I think I was just inspired to make a miracle happen
@pneawf @ArshiMisha @cherryaddison Well that's part of it but i also think that your afraid I'm right	Afraid that your not smart enough to comprehend	Maybe your right, maybe your not	But by your ignorant response, I'd say you got some real scary shit ur hiding from in your head	Who hurt you more, mommy or daddy?
@cherryaddison @ArshiMisha Reread the questions	Then explain wut u dont understand about the question.	A full explanation would take a long time.  And I dont think you have the patience or stamina for the story, but I could be wrong.		do you believe everything happens for a reason?
@pneawf @ArshiMisha @cherryaddison I take it you don't believe in karma or that everything happens for a reason, or only when it's convenient?
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/sUZ1Drlxtp The HERO'S JOURNEY - Joseph Campbell
RT @EsotericExposal: Most people do not want to admit, or even believe, that they were duped, and that their perception of reality is false.
RT @UmarFof: Sometimes you have to take risks. Sometimes you win, sometimes you learn.
@ArshiMisha @cherryaddison Do you believe in karma?	Perhaps the family deserved it
@annvandersteel @leewal @POTUS How do you know he was actually wise and not a phony?	That happens sometimes
@KhonshuMaatHeru @EsotericExposal I also like to write like this		Example:	What are you afraid of?	Talking to that girl 	Why	She's too pretty for me	Are you sure	Well not really	Then go talk	And say what?	Start with hi	What if she doesn't like me?	That's her problem there's about 4 billion more	Good point	I know
RT @themoontarot: Today’s Energy Reading 12/6/18 https://t.co/E3PeXzmcdK
@mcmamas6 @EsotericExposal And look at it this way	Not everything sour is bad and not everything sweet is good
@mcmamas6 @EsotericExposal Exactly	Can't appreciate the sweet without the sour
@mcmamas6 @EsotericExposal Different strokes for different folks 😂
@KhonshuMaatHeru @EsotericExposal fully embrace it, what did you feel once you got past the fear?	Next, imagine the complete opposite thing happening.  Imagine...it working out in your favor for once	Something this is the scarier then seeing the dark 4 ppl	Fear is the beat teacher	It teaches not 2 b afraid
@KhonshuMaatHeru @EsotericExposal Here's something to practice	Think of sumthing u fear, nothing major, always start small at first.	Close your eyes and really dig into that fear.  Figure out why your afraid &amp; what's the worse thing to happen.	Then allow yourself to experience the worst in your mind	2b continued
@mcmamas6 @EsotericExposal Those capable of traversing the dark r capable of having better control then those who fear embracing it.		We have less stress in our lives because we are aware that though capable of "evil", which is subjective, we choose the light becuz it's more satisfying
@KhonshuMaatHeru @EsotericExposal You are absolutely correct	But you also gain control of it so that it never manifests, well, I take that back.  It will only manifest if you want it too	When you stop fearing the dark, it becomes a powerful tool
@JL_ideaman @IPOT1776 I meant q in general but I get what your saying.	I was only curious	Thanks
RT @AudreyKitching: A lot of people are being pushed out of their comfort zones right now in order to expand their awareness and conscious…
@JL_ideaman @IPOT1776 Then why do you follow?	Are you getting anything out of it?	Perhaps you had a revelation of sorts that put you on an unexpected life path you never would have imagined possible for yourself?	Or are you here just for the memes?
@JL_ideaman @IPOT1776 nothing about nazzys	i actually asked twice, what makes YOU different from other q followers	your meme was that the q cult allows for you to think for yourselves	im asking you to explain what that means by asking, what makes YOU different from the rest?
RT @UmarFof: Knowledge is knowing what to say. Wisdom is knowing whether or not to say it.
@Maryamhasnaa i sometimes get severe tremors with bouts of paranoia and fear	other times its nice and tingly down the base of my skull toward my arms, but i have been noticing peculiar after shock effects such twitching
@patten_life but yet you played along with his game anyway.	are you mad because of what he did or are you made because you think he might be right?	do you think you are better or worse then him for posting this on social media?
@AudreyKitching my personal tactic, it works every time, but you need to have full control of your ego to be able to do this because it is not easy	2 words that beat them every time.	"Your Right"
i dont want to be the to ruin 777 likes https://t.co/6F2HPahb09
up for debate.		Bet you wont look at Wednesdays the same again		You'd be surprised what kind of fun shit is hidden right underneath our noses. and thats just wednesday
of emerald that are said to have been transcribed with the keys to Hermetic alchemy/thaumaturgy		There are still others, who believe that Thoth/Hermes before making his way to Egypt, was one of the survivors of the destruction of the lost continent of Atlantis, but that to is...
that, but these organizations have some pretty compelling evidence to plead their case.		Sir Isaac Newton, was a big fan of Hermes/Thoth as well and is said to have spent a good amount of his time studying what are known as the Emerald Tablets of Thoth, or Hermes. Tablets made...
tarot is based off of a picture book dating back to Kemet, or Ancient Egypt, known as the Book of Thoth, which was eventually handed down to the gypsys of asia, known at the time as the Taror of the Bohemians, and eventually made its way to Europe. Theres some debate over...
tradition, its said that this is what the man known as yeshua, or jesus, was teaching. but those philosophies were written off as heresy a long long time ago.		Fun Fact for my tarot friends, some organizations, Rosicrucians, Freemasons, Golden Dawn, etc, believe that the...
masculine and the feminine, which also, in some traditions, represents mans direct connection with the divine source of all creation in the universe. its believed by some that those who can tap into this higher source are like that of gods themselves. In the gnostic...
Fun fact about the caduceus, in the older occult, not cult, traditions, ie qabala, gnosticism, alchemy, etc, the caduceus snakes represent the duelist nature of the mind of man and 	of god, which some believe to be one and the same, the egoic and the creative mind, the...
Baphomet (who is continually misrepresented as Satan by the uninitiated, even the jabrones of the Church of Satan stole it, but i digress)), some claim, was inspired by Hermes' caduceus staff that he used to raise the dead and heal the blind by tapping them on their foreheads
He is said to have over 20+ thousand texts attributed to his name, whether he wrote them is another story...		The caduceus (intertwined snakes on ambulances and hospitals, on the 2 of cups for my tarot friends, as well as twirled around the boner of the alchemist symbol of...
In ancient mythology, the gods Thoth, Hermes, Mercury, and a few others, all represent the same entity/deity. 	The messenger of the gods, Hermes Mercurius Trismegistus, Hermes the Thrice Great, Master of the Masters, who was said to have brought the wisdom of the gods down to man
Wednesday's is my favorite day of the week. Wednesday is devoted to the planet Mercury. 	Mercury is the planet of communication, which is coming out of retrograde tomorrow, so hopefully I can start talking like a normal human again in the next few days lol.
RT @AudreyKitching: We are in a dark scorpio moon until the new moon on December 7th. It’s time to confront and heal all those feelings we…
RT @EsotericExposal: Evil prevails when good people do nothing.
this mentality is wut is infecting every1 ive met and im sure quite a few that you know, if you arent also under its spell	want help?	hit me up	if not, move along	every1 that watches this is going to see sumthing different	but i can help, if you want		https://t.co/buVFHYvHeQ
@JL_ideaman @IPOT1776 you still havent answered me, and i think your dodging the question.	what makes you different  or unique from the next q follower.  i think im asking you to show me how you think for yourself, cause as far as i see, your all the same
@JL_ideaman @IPOT1776 because you dont follow the mainstream news?	i mean how, for instance what seperates you from any other q follower.  what makes you unique.	i ask because when i was working with the anons the didnt like me because i thought different
RT @transformvtion: Trust your intuition.
@JL_ideaman @IPOT1776 in what way?
RT @xirtempest: You will come across others who do not know how to react to your emotions maturely since they lack comprehension of their o…
@xirtempest reminds of a couple other experiments im working on....
this https://t.co/FSIJvq1OB3
everything happens for a reason https://t.co/GCcECkBiB5
@offbeatoliv teh important question...is the camera wrong?
@SilverStarSiri and to that we agree whole heartedly
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/QYPT26mp19 LEO SOULMATE "LADY MARMALADE" DEC 6 -7 DAILY TAROT READING
@SilverStarSiri why does everyone want to run from "negative" emotions.	if you dont embrace them, you cant control them properly and eventually they will consume you	not saying to go out &amp; kill that guy that slept with your wife, but allow yourself to envision it to get the emotion out of U
@obscuree_ did it work?
@Nineven but also important to remember not to throw the baby out with the bath water.  some times there are still pearls of wisdom in those outdated beliefs...sometimes
@YouStinkSoap @holliday_billy @TS_SCI_MAJIC12 a rapid decrease to the lower conscious population would probably be motivation for the rest, with a warning, to wake up or join the culling	may sound harsh, but everything happens for a reason and those that suffer are only going to be getting what the universe deems fit
@AudreyKitching but what if it doesnt?	sorry, but i come from the school that embracing the dark is just as important as the light, and all the spectrums in betwixt	i know thats not a popular philosophy, but i think thats because most folk are to try it out
believe it or not, every post you make is a little bit of your self being uploaded to something...hmmm https://t.co/qrIzFuYTVv
@holliday_billy @TS_SCI_MAJIC12 thats because ppl like you still think the game is real	thatll make more sense one day, hopefully in a good way...but whats good for me could be bad for you and vice versa
@TS_SCI_MAJIC12 thats not actually an answer	ppl like you give the monkey minded ppl hope for something that may not happen.  why bother?  likes?  followers?	im not judging, but why act so sure that justice will be served, the future isnt written in stone
RT @xirtempest: Shout to the knowledge junkies who LOVE to stay mentally stimulated and learn outside the prisms they were raised in, I app…
@TS_SCI_MAJIC12 what if your wrong?	i know you think your not, and may rather call me a troll then think about it, but what if you are?
the monkey mentality that has a grip on most of the human race is going to lead to its down fall.  	its a shame but im sure its going to be fun to watch for those who can actually see.	im having a great time watching lol		but like i like to say, bad monkeys dont get any bananas🍌
@AudreyKitching i look at that as the universe just forcing these old situations on us until we really and truly implement these new behavioral patterns into our life.  sometimes understanding and doing something once or twice is easy, but making it a part of you can still be a little spooky.
@Bad_Boy_Swagger @EsotericExposal i dont smoke crack	maybe i should
@EsotericExposal whats being correct?	whats being wrong?	who decides?	me? you? some other stupid monkey that thinks they know everything?	this planet needs a proper purge, let the universe decide whos right
@dianacooper55 😂	when your genuine ppl fear you becuz they hate themselves	and being genuine online is not the same as being genuine in ones life	and if there is such a place were ppl are genuine please share, becuz i cant say 4 the other monkeys out there but the zoo i see is never ending
@Bad_Boy_Swagger @EsotericExposal and becuz u never took the time to look into it its fake?	you got bent out of shape because i used the word ignorant, probably becuz u realize u r ignorant to this subject &amp; think its an attack	but as is typical, ignorant monkeys dont get bananas	back to the zoo with you
And they exist all around us all the time	You may even be one and not realize it.	But one mans demon is another mans angel	Who decides who's right? https://t.co/k76hloU56h
Old life trying it's best to keep its claws dug deep into you or is it the other way around	If they wanted to be around you, they would be	So who's actually holding on?  You or them?
theres a reason you meet everyone you meet.  they are there to teach you something very specific.	what is the reason the ppl around are there?	is there a reason?	or are you just not willing to see what it is?
RT @LivPsy: If you want to go somewhere you like but no one else wants to, go by yourself. You'll meet people with similar interests as you.
@Bad_Boy_Swagger @EsotericExposal Good so you've seen them	So what's the problem with them inspiring myths and legends
RT @AudreyKitching: We are oscillating between dimensions right now and this creates an intense extreme of highs and lows. The new energy g…
RT @EsotericExposal: Items hidden in plain sight are ignored by the general public, routinely.
@Bad_Boy_Swagger @EsotericExposal whats wrong with my response?	stating that planets have influenced more then most ppl know throughout history?	and what do you consider fact?	something you can physically see and touch or something that someone told you was there, but you never actually interacted with?
@Bad_Boy_Swagger @EsotericExposal The planets and stars have served as inspiration for more then just floating rocks and balls of gas 	Ppl today are just ignorant to that because of our education system
@whatevabiteme @EsotericExposal It can also be seen as an acronym for they Egyptian holy trinity	Star of David is also the key to solomons temple if you know how to see read it properly 		Is- isis - moon	Ra- amen ra - sun	El- orsiris (god) - stars
RT @xirtempest: Now that shrooms may be legalized in the upcoming decades, I’m looking forward to conducting my very first psilocybin group…
Pay attention to your dreams	They are trying to tell you something, even when they come in the form of a conference call with a drunk Australian named Larry
RT @AudreyKitching: I see people’s energy before anything physical. It’s the energy that matters. Start trying to see beyond the density, s…
RT @xirtempest: Affirmation:	The pressure of the world cannot contain my entirety in captivity. I am overcoming these restrictions to unrav…
RT @LivPsy: First rule in life: If you never go after what you want, you'll never have it.
RT @Numerology2019: https://t.co/00a0Pgod3r
@EsotericExposal its too bad, because you dont need any of those things to unlock the other half of the mind
RT @xirtempest: Stuck in a writer’s block?	Break out of your normal mental zone by traveling into the void of your imagination to the genes…
the matrix is deeper then what most ppl realize	it will fight you	it will do what it can to hold you back	existence is more then what meets the physical eyes and ears
old cycles are coming to a close	are you ready for your step role?	old names disappear but new faces are waiting for you to let go of that that no longer is	i spent a long time lying to myself and reconciling my past	i promise, its not as scary once you make it to the other side
RT @AstronautKill: https://t.co/yAqtbGgnn8
@J4LYN What different does it make to you what other ppl say	Sometimes thoughts move faster then fingers and mouths when typing or speaking		Maybe theres a reason someone made a grammar faux pas	who are you to judge someone when I'm sure that you yourself have made similar mistakes
@EigiiMeigii @RockyMt2 Of course	Perhaps after
@RockyMt2 So am I to presume that the answer to ever question you did not answer is no?  Or that you really don't know as much as you think you do?	In really just trying I understand
@RockyMt2 no there is no need for convincing	"the usaf is supplying plans and pilots"	ok.	is there copies of the plans they are supplying and or a manifests of the pilots perpetrating these acts?  their superiors?	that will be most important in prosecuting	is someone prosecuting?
@EigiiMeigii @RockyMt2 perhaps they are but im sorry i dont see the relevance to the topic at hand
@ImProsperTheMo2 @ThelIluminatii yes, you are correct, just different wording.  thank you for pointing that out.
i wanna wake up now thank you		https://t.co/T8XBivszWV
if perception is reality and reality is an illusion, perhaps we shouldnt be trusting our perception as much as we do
i hope one day to be able to get out of this monkey zoo.	humans beings are a really sad species	but on the bright side i get a hunch nature is going to put alot of you out of your misery
@Timburgh fuck ignorance, im having way to much fun.  shitty days make cool ones so much cooler.	even though i want is always just out of reach.  im getting used to it lol
@Timburgh Lol	I just noticed it, thanks for pointing it out	I feel you on those highs and lows.  The past week and a half has been incredibly intense.	I think I cried my weight in tears 😂
RT @Timburgh: https://t.co/1m9B3vCjEA
@Timburgh well said	and perfectly timed
@RockyMt2 is that working out for you?  do you feel like your accomplishing anything?  how many ppl have you woken up?
@RockyMt2 so what are you saying?  your going to continue to sit around and wait for someone to clean your mess?  hows that been working out?
@RockyMt2 sounds very involved	good for you for putting in the time to know stuff	so what are you doing to do to stop them
@RockyMt2 the actions of the rulers are going to change as long as the ppl sit around waiting for someone to clean their mess up for them.  	turn off the tv, get off teh couch and go burn down washington or something.  but the ppl let it happen and so the ppl will continue to suffer
@RockyMt2 and whom is allowing THEM to do these things?
@RockyMt2 my analysis	the ppl pointing fingers at others for their problems
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/jC901lPAwq IT'S FINALLY HERE! THE LUCKIEST NEW MOON OF 2018! New Moon in Sagittarius December
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/hhBYqLHLbd 3 Reasons A Soulmate Will Enter Your Life
RT @DeionsPage: Never force it. 	Whats meant to be will always find its way.
This	👇 https://t.co/fNVi83KwB5
@ThelIluminatii Like I like to say, you dont deserve an opinion if you don't listen to both sides
RT @ThelIluminatii: Don't judge someone for their choices when you don't understand their reasons.
@divinefrequency Everything happens for a reason, even the actions of other ppl.	The fun part is putting it all together	Free will and karmic destiny are strange bedfellows indeed
What does "make them stay" mean?	Last I checked you can't make anyone do anything	I believe the word your thinking of is inspire https://t.co/03mSMKq6Ru
RT @sabientje: You're here to do something on this Earth that only You can do	We have to stop comparing Ourselves to others 	Otherwise your…
, succeeding wouldnt mean shit anyway
you were supposed to do the first time around.	but were you supposed to do it right the first time? if you did, how would be able to appreciate when you werent as smart as you are right now?	embrace your fuck ups as much as your successes. without fucking up...
what happens when you learn all/most of the lessons from your past life? the universe gives you a chance to make up for all your fuck ups.	faces and names can change, places arent always the same but thats not the point. its a test to see if you got what it takes to do what...
@EsotericExposal its also called synchronicity and/or the law of attraction
@steph93065 @ChuckGrassley @realDonaldTrump @parscale some smart folks need to start comign together to figure out a way to get rid of the system all together and start over from scratch
RT @UmarFof: You learn nothing if you think you're always right.
notice recently that folks from old relationships just happen to be popping up in your life?	feel like you are getting a 2nd chance at making up for the mistakes for a past decade or show?	lots more coincidences then usual?	EVERTHING happens for a reason
@Iammumbua Hypocrisy is something we all do	It leads to learning, sometimes it takes longer for other
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/a91RNGzTta
It stays complicated AF, but it's a lot more fun https://t.co/2LWHNnjMg4
@RockyMt2 @TruthSeeker2115 Maybe the government isn't the problem
@candicotton @xirtempest And take it for what you will, but upon a quick reflection, my reply was my father speaking thru me to you	❤️	Meat suits don't last but love doesn't go away
@Iammumbua Look at it like a lesson that even those we disagree with on some topics, we can agree with on others
@candicotton @xirtempest Remember that every time you think of her that it's her soul coming to say hello	Don't focus on the loss, remember what you had and what she had to teach you, those lessons will keep her alive in you	We never lose the ones we love, we integrate them into ourselves
RT @AudreyKitching: Jealousy comes through the ego as hatred. If you are unconsciously envious of someone you will despise them and create…
@LivPsy Nature
but sometimes theres a few of us that weasel our way out.  we are the dangerous ones, cause we dont fear anything https://t.co/aUP3BX0fjt
@xirtempest and being able to overcome that kind of existence is when one sees learns to see the magic of the universe in full effect.	wouldnt go back if you put a gun to my head
RT @AudreyKitching: The first week of December is very heavy with more scorpio energy and shadow work integration. People are already putti…
@PennEast Could is not the same as will	Lots of things could happen
RT @AudreyKitching: The old earth reality is officially ending in December. This is why 2018 has been deeply intense and hard for so many p…
RT @orchidslantern: Maybe you don't have premonitions because your future self doesn't trust your present self with that kind of informatio…
@AudreyKitching yup, i get it now, i think it just happened a couple hrs after i replied lol	well the beginning phase, very fucking cool to see play out
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/gvHsxMNsE5
@joerogan That wasn't very nice in either end
Instead spend your time figuring out what you were doing to make them treat you that way	There are no victims	EVERYTHING happens for a reason https://t.co/zKnsePFpWi
RT @DothTheDoth: After all is said and done, let’s meet back in hell as friends.
@AudreyKitching I think I just got it, at least I hope I'm right, but the universe doesn't like it when I hope too hard	Either way the past 3 weeks have been out of control.  At this point even the worst case scenario would be a welcome retreat from this
The name of the game is trust	Trust the plan	Trust yourself 	Trust the ones you love 	It may not seem it sometimes but even when it's bad, know that they are rooting for you, even if it's silent https://t.co/6NUCK8Zpis
Always embrace your weird, no matter what https://t.co/V1zmx7nQbR
This	👇 https://t.co/Q2YpkLGGBG
RT @SayItValencia: WIN A FREE 30 MINUTES-3 CARDS READING!		All you have to do is, look at the words below	and tell me, according to you, wh…
@SayItValencia You said one, but I have to go with all of the above	But that's from my experience
The universes way of telling you to take a look in the mirror
It may not seem it but the ppl who most help you embody your best possible self are those who show you their worst	Think of them as a perfect reflection of yourself in a different meat suit
Human behavior is the most fascinating and criminally under appreciated science.	If only we took the time to figure ourselves out we could fix all the problems in our lives and the world	But I've found that most ppl are just afraid of not being afraid anymore
RT @SayItValencia: Vulnerability is a leadership quality.
RT @AudreyKitching: When you stop explaining yourself, when you no longer feel the need to prove anything, life changes. Other people’s opi…
@UmarFof An issue to you is a way of life to someone else and vice versa	Don't assume you know what's best for someone else
RT @AudreyKitching: The past is resurfacing as it’s being closed out, do not let it take hold of you. Reclaim your power, act differently a…
@xirtempest A lot of ppl dwell in the past failing to learn what it's trying to teach		Learning those lessons helps planning for the future much easier and accomplishable by being able to avoid those past mistakes from happening again
RT @xirtempest: You’ll start living your best life once you stop focusing on what everyone else got going for them, but instead invest into…
I'd say a wise person understands the causes of the problem and works to reconcile it	But hiding from it works too 😂 https://t.co/8PViDEyvHQ
RT @LivPsy: “One reason the concept of becoming better can scare us is that it requires us to step out of a place that we recognize and hav…
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/JPzITHZM4r
RT @CalmDeion: Trust your intuition. 	You jus know when the energy is off..
@utritionista @LivPsy according to some yes	according to others no
RT @ZenProverbs: If it isn't good, let it die. If it doesn't die, make it good.	     — Ajahn Chah	|	|	□∧◯
RT @DeAndresCalm: you have the most beautiful mind.
@laurabusse that sounds fun cause i can talk about it this shit for hours upon hours. hopefully one day our paths cross.	because if there is one thing i love more then anything else, its to hear myself talk lol	well that and learning from other insights
@laurabusse not familiar with her, just pulled up some vids, ill check them out
@laurabusse now i should also note that patience is a key here.  i have gotten myself into very cool situations thats ive had to walk away from because i tried to rush things.  thats where the universe gives me a kick in teh nuts to being hasty
@laurabusse know that im not afraid of teh worst.  that i can handle it	usually it throws me a bone :)	i dont always get exactly what i want, but i usually get the opportunity to get what i want, as long as i put the work into it of course, but thats where conquering the fear helps
@laurabusse i have a diff view on the law of attraction.  i find that i dont get what i want, i typically get what i dont want, or at the very least what i need.  avg folk who have no belief get what they fear because they are afraid to face that fear.  	i face teh fear and let the universe
@laurabusse but it can get extremely scary, becuase...once you over think it, the universe throws some shit in your face to see if you can really handle it.  and if it not, at least learn the lesson thats keeps being missed which is causing u to think the way u are
@laurabusse tahts why i write alot	get all the bad shit out of my head on paper or on screen	once its out, its out	sometimes big stuff lingers, but it gets easier every time until its all out	and there tears, LOTS of tears	think i dehydrated my self a few times this past week lol
@laurabusse basically	overthinking, at least 4 me, allows me 2 literally experiens the negative emotion that i want to avoid, b it dropping a bowling ball on my foot or losing someone	my experience, feel the bad in your head so you dont in life and if you do, your prepared for the worst
let ppl tell you the worst about yourself	embrace it	you might actually learn something, cuz dayum...you got problems
@laurabusse it can be rough some days.  but on the bright side of it, ive been doing it for so long that my brain automatically assesses ever situation a hundred million ways from sunday before i even get myself into said situation lol	over thinking is a gift when you can control it
@laurabusse funny you say "someone you love dying".  thats what i was just facing.  not in reality but in my head.  not anything serious.  but a paranoid delusion.  	i hate those, but i have gotten in teh habit of letting them pass naturally.  the emotion, not the person lol
@obscuree_ but if you know their going to drain you, can you beat them at their own game by not feeding it	once you let ppl drain themselves, its much easier to fill them back up at your own volition.  show them your light when they are down.  probably be surprised by what they give back
@laurabusse that sounds scary AF	but i was talking more emotionally scary lol	i knew i shoudl of been more specific lol
@EllaIsYourQueen i also find writing helps.  i write everything, probably too much.  enough that i would probably get put in jail or the loony bin.	but i find that if i dont get every ounce of the nasty stuff out, it lingers.  and the longer it lingers the harder it is to get out
@EllaIsYourQueen oh boy me too	ive been stuck on this one things for over a week.  good thing i found a comfy seat to sit in.	but, heres how i roll.  i always get stuck on the bad, but usually always after facing the worst in my head, its a sign that im going to see the opposite in the real world
what are you afraid of most in all the world?	really and truly afraid of	face it and you will realize why its not that scary
@EllaIsYourQueen Over thinking is the best remedy for any situation	It helps you plot out ALL possible scenarios you can think of and typically helps in solving the problem	Unfortunately sometimes it lasts for a little while
some of the worst advice you can give someone, "Dont overthink"	always overthink.  never be afraid to be afraid
the one truth		https://t.co/ehBU2G9nw5
RT @xirtempest: A harsh truth to accept about social media is some maybe interested enough to watch you, maybe even engage in your content,…
waitings ok as long as its waiting on results https://t.co/WzXOkh2Mia
many days i spend sitting in a room alone writing all of my deepest thoughts.  some are positive but many more are scary and not for human consumption.	why?	im curious to see what happens if you can clear as much of the deepest darkness out of yourself	what arent you capable of
@DeAndresCalm we never get what we want when we want it.  we get what we need in order to teach us just how valuable what want really is
before any experience can truly be appreciated, or even initiated in some situations, you have to face your darkest fears	fear is there to give us unlimited strength in all aspects of our life.  its just depends how deep into the dark your will to go without a flashlight
everything happens for a reason	even the random songs that pop up on your spotify radio😂	this one is popping up enough that i dont think its not just meant for me to hear	https://t.co/QSxh1gpY5o
@dheMechanic banane metalik
@xirtempest if ur willing that is, but i suppose you wouldnt hav said it if you didnt want to at least try it out	i was actually losing faith that anyone would ever ask that question 	let me know, because ive been looking for someone who is actually serious about doing some real work
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/e4hEXUYi89 Leo December 2018 - LET'S TALK ABOUT POWER.
@xirtempest You and me share brains sometimes	I have an experiment im working on about that exact concept	Taking longer then I was happening
@frrocketdan @BeardedBlevins i really like that
if you dont know boths sides, you dont get an opinion
@johnnypeeps @xirtempest thanks for sharing	ive been there before many times for most of my life.	ppl always trying to bring me down 2 their level, they still do.  but now i dont fall for their games and they fall flat on their faces.	best defense when some1 tells u how bad you are..."your right i am"
@johnnypeeps @xirtempest ppl try to bring us down by projecting their own faults onto us as a way to make themselves feel better	look at it this way, there is a reason they are trying to put u down	u got something they wish they had, figure out wut	think about that next time someone tries fucking with u
@johnnypeeps @xirtempest i have the same problem some times.  	wanna try?
@NamXSV @EsotericExposal i believe the physical body experiences emotions that originate from the neural peptides that are produced in the brain, but i also believe that the energetic body does not require what we consider a brain to experience the same effect	meat suits are temporary
@johnnypeeps @xirtempest if its true, why continue the behavior that makes them say it?
Perception is reality to those who are perceiving it	Your perception is not the same as mine so it's safe to assume we live in different realities
@EsotericExposal interesting	but, crowley wasnt a satanist.	i feel like satanist is a term the uninitiated called anything that isnt christian	well i suppose from that logic, anything to a christian would be satanic if it does not support the teachings of the bible.  	if only they knew....
@xirtempest 😀	you really make my day sometimes.	i think it also has alot to do with one holding on to too much past baggage to be able to open their minds enough to be able to accept that another persons version of reality isnt always the same as what one has been told to believe
@johnnypeeps @xirtempest why was it stuck?  if you dont mind me asking	everything happens for a reason &lt;--an under appreciated term	sometimes it sticks with us to help bring to the surface our own similar situations or perhaps is something from our own past that we have not reconciled with ourselves
@LivPsy we are all liars in one form or another	all truths are half lies and all lies half truths
@NamXSV @EsotericExposal perhaps theory was the wrong word, perspective	evidence you have collect and studied or evidence someone else told you?	too many times we think we r experts on things that we had no hand in creating	too much believing 2nd hand info rather then going out and looking for ourselves
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/KOUfp0Npmo Philip K Dick on his mystical experiences
@NamXSV @EsotericExposal That's one theory in a sea of ideas
@ZonePhysics One can prove that an intelligent force guides the actions of the universe if one thinks outside of the terms of modern science.	When one can do that, they no longer need monkey science to explain nature	But it only works on an individual basis for now	I'm working on that though
RT @geet_selfish: Beautifully written 💗💗💗 https://t.co/JpAQEd07Fo
@VolkersBram @EsotericExposal Because they so they don't believe animals have a lesson it's witch bullshit, despite that otherwise it's the same believe?
And if you can conquer your worst fears in your head, it won't be as scary if you never know that they happened while you weren't there	Never be afraid to feel, even if you think it's bad.  The bad is there to justify the good
Sometimes the mind prepares U for things that R scary.  Things that wood seem 2 break U.  It will show you your worst nightmares.	Don't be afraid to look.	Becuz it might only being showing u so that U dont have 2 C it in real life.	Dont underestimate the power of the dark side
@orchidslantern Are you having a lot of emotional baggage surfacing as well
"When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it"	-The Alchemist 	Paulo Cohelho
this is one of my favorite sentences https://t.co/jl2rRpUNoU
@xirtempest funny you ask that, mine do everyday.  	they used to say nasty shit back to each other but they are starting to learn to get along alot better.
cuz you never know when your going to drive each other to brink of insanity just by being around each other.  stop being afraid of letting go of the past.  if its supposed to be in your future it will find you.
we cant change the past so why continue to live in it?  is it that comforting to your?  to dwell on the pain of yesterday while avoiding the splendor what you tomorrow could bring if only you make it happen.  ppl come ppl go. nothing we can do.  smile at them while you can
i realize that at this late hour that what ever is about to come is going to happen whether you like it or not.  what does that mean?	anything you want.	i just write whats in my head.  if that has any kind of meaning for you that yours problem lol
@obscuree_ karma gives us exactly what we deserve
@True_kwu its everywhere.  im still looking for one peson that isnt lost
something tells me we are coming up to a very interesting holiday season	something is in the ether tonight
He who is like chungus
@ThelIluminatii its only hard if you fight it. 	unfortunately we have been trained like dogs to fight it
@True_kwu thats why they play xmas music so fucking early.  to piss everyone off.  get them scared about all the money they are going to ahve to spend.  thats why the malls are the most miserable hells imaginable this time of year.	will i get a bonus?	this shit is sick
@da_martyr_ im working on disproving that
@MindTendencies3 thats cause ppl dont take enough time for themselves to listen to their minds stories alone.	those ppl are labels as crazy
the irony is that the ppl who do their best to bring you down are ultimately the ones that inadvertently boost you up.	dont be mad	they just did you a favor :)
this life is more then meets the eyes when you know how to play the game	hit me up when you fully let go of money	i need friends and quick
never explain yourself	try listening to the other person some time.  	helps make nasty assumptions go away
just symptoms, i hope https://t.co/mn6uwKznCa
if no one is listening, chances are your talking to the wrong ppl.	trouble is finding the right ones
@thecauldronmix or her mom is	thats even worse
@tiakolbert me too and dangerous lol	ppl rip each otheres heads off left and right lol
@tiakolbert semantics lol	how are you lady
"Cause you, you are an imaginary person	You're in my head but I am certain, you are real"	Ty Segall	Imaginary Person
Matthew 10:34-35		Do not assume that I have come to bring peace to the earth; I have not come to bring peace, but a sword. 	For I have come to turn ‘A man against his father, a daughter against her mother, a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law.…
@hondadeal4vets y?	u never littered in ur entire life?	and r u fully knowledge able of the situation the litterer was in that put them in the position that they had felt the desire to litter in the first place?	or are we projecting to make ourselves feel better for a past indiscretion?
@AnamnesisStasis @aug_tellez im sure there a few other words that would also work, but yes
@AnamnesisStasis @aug_tellez it could be, theres a million different names for a million different ideas that all say the same thing
@Analogue1976 @AudreyKitching sounds like you need to take time to figure yourself out.  cut the ties.  you will know who is worth your time and who is not
RT @orchidslantern: Demari's line "I'm immanentising the eschaton" in The Fold (the 10th story of Mind in the Gap) is a nod to The Illumina…
@lIIuminatii use that hate to make yourself into the person you want to be, who is better then who you are
@EsotericExposal baphomet is a goat, the Goat of Mendes, goats go with capricorn a cardinale earth sign.  XV of the major arcana, The Devil		rams go with aries a cardinale fire sign. IV of the major arcana, The Emperor		goats are not rams and rams are not goats		rams have 54 chromosomes	goats 60
when that someone randomly pops back into your life, if they havent already...think of it this way.  	they probably learned something very valuable about themselves that they want to share with you.
RT @MindTendencies2: 1. Someone says something egotistical		2. You want to say something to knock them down		3. You see that your ego is tr…
RT @DothTheDoth: Whenever I’m feeling stressed I just take a deep breath, think about every mistake I’ve ever made &amp; stare blankly into the…
wanna learn to over come your ego?	let someone challenge your beliefs without arguing.  let yourself get uncomfortable, let yourself get mad, cause remember the 4 magic words		I COULD BE WRONG		when was the last time you heard someone say that?  have you ever?
@TwinFlameGirl start by forgiving yourself, what did you do instigate the situation or what didnt you do to prevent it from escalating?  when you can do that, forgiving the other person is alot easier because youll see your both at fault
speak like you think like you feel and no one will ever be able to stand in your way
ever wonder why you usually get that phone call after you were just thinking about that person?	maybe you were thinking about them because your souls were conspiring while your backs were turned	everything happens for a reason
@orchidslantern dont forget your flashlight, some of those holes go deeper then we initially think, and they can get pretty dark.  but im sure you already know that.
before you stop calling a coincidence.	there is no such thing.  your thinking of a specific one right now arent you?  thats good, your not the only one.
what you needed to see right now.  there are no coincidences.  heres a tip from me to you.  start keeping notes on all the "coincidences" that happen through out your day.  	at the end of the week review your list then ask yourself this, how many times does it have to happen...
karma never gives you anything more or less then exactly what you deserve.	this goes for every living soul on this planet.  never regret and never feel bad	everything happened exactly how it was supposed to.  that will make sense sooner then you think, or maybe this was exact...
what are you ashamed of?	i abandoned my family to follow my dream, but that is only because they didnt want to follow.	i blamed them about this for some time.  but its my own fault for deciding to make a change sooner.  but had i, would i have accomplished what i have today?
RT @Numerology2019: Let people do what they need to do to make them happy, mind your own business, &amp; do what you need to do to make you hap…
no one is going to be able to tell you what you are.  no group is going to be able to tell you how to live.  thats something you need to figure out, but what you need to ask yourself is if you are too afraid to do what you know you have to do.
dont be afraid to be called selfish.  thats a word ppl use against us to make us feel bad for wanting to make our lives better then what they are.  	hate your job, hate your family, hate your friends, but dont forget they all were put into your life to motivate you to keep moving
everything is temporary, even relationships.  we only have the things we have at this moment to get us ready for what we want to make into our tomorrows.  dont waste your life being miserable trying to make other ppl happy, when chances are they arent happy anyway
i made the decision to never be like everyone else ever again.  did i suffer losses along the way?  fuck yes.  i havent spoke to the ppl i was called family in month.  im unemployed and i have been with out a source of income for 2 months.  but what did i learn through it all?
what is it your avoiding?  something your ashamed of?  drugs?  sex? hate? money?  your past?  	just remember, your past is your past to teach how to be, or not to be, for the future.  no one can do the things that you can, unless you are limiting yourself to be like everyone else
am i good enough for you?  am i good enough for them?  i dont know and i dont care bcuz the only opinion that matters is mine and when it comes to the subject of me, its not an opinion.	the only time we have opinions of ourselves is when its semething we dont want to face
there is only 1 wrong answer.  can you guess what that is?  	you are more today then you were yesterday and tomorrow your going to be more then what you are today.
there are no accidents, there is no such thing as chance.  everything happens for a reason and everything has a purpose.  you never did anything that you werent suppose to do that you needed to do to learn a very valuable lesson about yourself.  what did you learn?
throughout my life i have made, what i used to consider, mistake after mistake.  it wasnt until recently that i realized that i never once made a single one.  that without the experiences that i have had, both good and bad, i wouldnt be exactly who i am right now
are you afraid to be mad?  are you afraid to say no?  are you afraid to let go and really lose your shit?  why?	dont want to hurt anyones feelings or are you afraid that you could be wrong?  chances are you are but thats not a bad thing, as long as you can admit it
RT @Maryamhasnaa: When you’re channeling downloads faster than you can speak.
@seanmkumbira @lIIuminatii how so?
if you really believe in karma, how r you even holding grudges against ppl?	you got what you deserved.	but on the flip side...	if you really believe in karma, Y do U feel bad 4 the shitty things youve done?	the ppl you hurt got what they deserved		everything happens for a reason
words are magic	thats why its called spelling https://t.co/CMPEQFTwyS
@alexwhiteart @EsotericExposal you beat me too it lol
@RetireyoungCC @EsotericExposal and i believe thats why it says all
@RetireyoungCC @EsotericExposal "All modern so-called easy-to-read Bible versions"
@obscuree_ What if they want you to
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/IWizEGJe93
@DaveK_Says The sandman slim series is a urban fantasy set in la about a bad ass gray magician who just escaped hell.	If are an old school street punk at heart with a love of the occult you won't be able to put them down	I believe book 7 or 8 just came out.	Great series
@DaveK_Says The alchemist is a must read for everyone 	Very easy read that will effect every reader differently, especially those who need a little inspiration in their life to take a chance
@DaveK_Says Their all amazing in their ways	Valis is a little bit rough if you aren't:	1. Familiar with Philip dick	2. Haven't suffered a severe paranoid psychosis lol	3. Familiar with the concepts of Gnosticism, hermeticism or qaballah
RT @Timburgh: I see them. How about you? 	The Storm will bring many of them back to Life. 	We are all in this together, all of us Spirits…
@LivPsy Why does it have to be about revenge?
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/ka12nBemgq ONCE IN A LIFETIME ADVENTURES BEGIN! Full Moon in Gemini November 2018 Astrology
The way to succeed and the way to suck eggs		-Aleister Crowley
@FernRiddell @red_pill_junkie Luckily it works both ways
Think of it terms of the light and dark side of the force	Makes a cool analogy https://t.co/At76lOXDqV
@lIIuminatii It's like the dark side of the force
@EsotericExposal https://t.co/BzDdofsZG0
@treydayway No, because super mans strength is based off of the laws of earths physics	Not until he can realize that there is no spoon, he would be no match.  But also depends on how long he had been aware of then fact he was in the matrix to begin with	Waking too quick can shock the brain https://t.co/jrfFlcB4Lu
@DaveK_Says the alchemist	valis	and Sandman Slim 1
@treydayway but i agree lol
@treydayway wisdom shouldnt have a price tag
@soyourelikethat perhaps if ppl werent so obsessed with living forever, they wouldnt need all the drugs being sold to them at outrageous prices and there would be no need to complain...
@steph93065 @mardan718 Your reason and evidence or the reason and evidence that someone told you.	I'm sure the ones saying migration is good have reason and evidence as well	Or do you just not like their reason and evidence?
RT @xirtempest: Lack of self-awareness results when you haven’t explored yourself enough to understand why you react and behave the way you…
@LivPsy Even child molestation?	How about a gang rape?	Mutilation of an innocent?	Necrophilia?		Or when you say everything, does that just count the pretty stuff?
@PeterJasonPerez @mardan718 @floridaguy267 @juliedeplorable Does that go for all muslims or just the ones your talking about?	Or are you talking about all muslims?
That goes for both sides lolol 	It's not about winning, it's about learning	There's always a lesson to be learned https://t.co/xQMI8dyxlr
@steph93065 @mardan718 Your evidence or the evidence that someone told you	I'm sure the ones saying migration is good have evidence as well	Or do you just not like their evidence?
@steph93065 @mardan718 What makes them more truthful then whoever is saying migration helps the host economy?
@steph93065 @mardan718 Who told you it takes 12 Germans to support 1 migrant
@moly_anderson Do you support atheists suing schools to remove god from the national anthem?	If he doesn't like the curriculum, shouldn't he take his daughter out of the school?	And what does study Islam mean?  Understanding what it is or forcing her to practice	New knowledge is never bad
@xirtempest Sometimes I wonder if it's ever worth chasing	But that's probably because it's easier to be chased then to chase	To chase one has to open up and too many of us have been trained to not be	Which I suppose would put the chased in a awkward spot if they aren't the open type
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/6nXEpWRODR
Real mystics do no need to use spells or novelty items like cards, candles, scrying balls, runes, etc.	But don't get me wrong, I LOVE using all of the above and they make things way more interesting to the average human.
@Timburgh Now add up the digits of the time of that latest response 😂 	Sometimes I wonder if I go to far with this 😎
on the bright side, there's always newer and better choices right around the corner, but you have to be brave enough to look		My brains tired now....
Dwell on the past and your forced to face an uglier version of it over and over until you can figure that out.	There's always a choice, only those afraid to let go can't see that.  But don't wait too long, as those choices eventually will make the decision for you, but...
Remember that one cannot make something into what it isn't just because that's what you want and expect it to last	We don't get what we want when we want it, we get what we need when we need it and then it only stays until its time is up.	And that's not up to us or anyone else
I like to harp on that which we can't let go of.  Of course, there's a reason for that, everything I do has reason behind it, my reason, as do all things in nature	Learn the reasoning behind things and you will be better able to do what youve been avoiding
working exactly how it is suppose to for you to realize that this thing isn't for you	I like to say that if your afraid to lose something, it wasn't yours to begin with.	If it was, you wouldn't have to worry about it being take away and you wouldnt be afraid of being without
Nothing needs fixing.  All is exactly how it needs to be.  To fix something implies that it's not working how YOU want	The rational minded know that all things happen for a reason, so what's the reason this something isn't working?	Perhaps your failing to see that it's...
I was thinking about my old life &amp; choices that are waiting to present themselves to me when I learn a particular lesson that I have been avoiding since the day I made the choice to change that part of my life.  Though the details may b irrelevant the moral is there 4 who can see
@PulpLibrarian Amazing😂
@sevenfour777 @AlanWattsDaily Wise man once say, "you can't fix the world till you clean your own house"		Great minds...
RT @AlanWattsDaily: I don't think a human being can act at all until he's all of one piece. If he's divided against himself—one part saying…
How can you love something that you are afraid to lose?	And so much so that u feel the need to "protect" it from leaving you?	If it doesnt belong to you in the first place, there's nothing you can do to hold anything against its will, not even magic https://t.co/WnAAkj9xFk
Ignorance vs nescience		One word describes ones choice to be ignorant 		The other word is being ignorant because there was no way of knowing in the first place		Remember that the next time you judge someone else for anything, even when judging yourself for being ignorant
@vaniafrosa @jordanbpeterson It's just as addictive to think we better understand someone else's perspective just so we can repeat something that someone else told us to think in a vain attempt to appear that we know more then others?	Your English is fine	Never explain your self to ppl who don't deserve it
RT @themoontarot: Today’s Energy Reading 11/19/18 https://t.co/c19YrPqMFp
@Timburgh Awesome stuff	Did you see the time you posted it?
"To realize ones destiny is a persons only obligation."		-The Alchemist	Paulo Coelho
The greatest act of self pity is that of letting go.	2 realize that u don't have 2 let yourself suffer 4 the sake of others.	Where has it gotten you so far?	What can't you let go of?	Ask your self why?	Better yet, look into a mirror &amp; let that person no they got explaining to do
RT @AudreyKitching: We have been making so much new space mentally, spiritually and physically. A lot is about to change, clear the way so…
RT @thewitchbrmclst: TOTD-U may be holding yourself back because you fear moving into the future Do not fear the unknown; many blessings re…
RT @InfiniteWaters: 11:11	NEW VIDEO!	How To Recognize The Universe Is Conspiring To Help You Get What You Want	https://t.co/Z0MzgUtRMC
Hiding from it only makes it harder to deal with in the future.  We love making excuses.  We love putting things off and we love relying on others to fix us.	Take your life back, in all aspects.  Never regret and never hold back
For those still stuck in the matrix, the importance of writing can't be stressed enough.  Getting those thoughts out of your head can suck, especially the headaches afterwards.  But how do you expect to heal without allowing yourself to feel the pain?
Deprogramming decades of brainwashing is a daunting task.  One that many ppl are not ready to take on.	Some days you think your insane, some days you think you have found god, some days you think you are god.	All of the above are true though	The real you is buried deep	Very deep
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/Is5dyiTsBd
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/0lBMCjHR38 ENERGY SHIFT! THE BEGINNING OF BLESSED CHANGES! Mercury Retrograde in Sagittarius
@eddiealv292 oops misread instructive	yes it has alwasy been instructive in a very positive way in that you learn to let the negative aspects of yourself and catch them before they can manifest again.	its not an easy thing to do but practice practice practice
@aug_tellez you dont think that the dark is a means of better getting a grip on the light?	why not try to control all aspects of light and dark and their shades of gray in between
itll be scary and they are going to try to tell you that you are crazy and do everything in their power to bring you back down to their level, but until you say fuck it and take that leap your going to be nothing a slave to fear.  afraid of not being afraid anymore
and me right now	why not just admit to youself that you hate your situation.  its not a secret, everyone knows.  but like u, they r afraid to admit it too.  	fear has you by the balls and everyone you love.  be a pioneer and a hero.  show them all that you arent afraid anymore...
just a couple more years till you pay off those pesky bills?  afraid of your credit score?  afraid of the repo man afraid of the irs afraid mommys gonna yell?	what are you holding yourself back from doing, by continuing to do the things you hate.	and being that its just you...
afraid to be alone?  	think about it.  whats the worst thing that would happen if you got up and walked out the door right this second?	would you even know what do to do?  where to go?  how to survive?	whats holding you back?	that job you keep telling yourself you love lol...
who are you afraid to lose?	spouse child mommy daddy friend?	why	what difference does it make whether you lose them right this second for 100 yrs from now.  what are you holding to that you just cant seem to let them go?	is it that you like controlling them or are you just...
@DeAndresPage well it will if one isnt ready for it	but even then its only a temporary thing until one learns patience
RT @DeAndresPage: The Universe won’t let it pass if it’s meant to be.
slaves.  but now im rambling..
but i know everyone likes to think they are free and get easily offended by being told they are captives. but you have to understand that thats just my perspective.  just because i dont agree with your life doesnt mean i am judging it.  you just happen to fall in how i define...
one of the weak ones and i have seen the other side and i am never going back to that shit again lol	but what about you.  do you enjoy it?  are you made at me for talking the way i am?  it wasnt meant to offend, i just dont know a better word to use, other then slave...
maybe you are going through the same thing, maybe you are one of the types that fool yourself into thinking you enjoy being owned by others.	dont take that as me judging, i fully understand that the weak are there to justify the strong and vice versa	its just that i got to be...
this behavior and now  i dont have a job because i spend most of my days dealing with deep rooted mental disorders because i learned that working a job i hated to pay bills to live with a family that hated me was not what i considered living.  and it left me really fucked up.
have to tell me.  i used to blame ppl for my life situations.  one day i decided to try something new.  i decided to look in the mirror and find out what i was doing that was making the things in my life go so haywire.  it took time and lots of practice to figure how to change...
for what reason.  and thats the most fascinating part about ppl is their reasoning for the things they do.  its funny that most of the time they dont even know, well they do, they just dont want to admit it.  are you like that?	what arent you admitting to yourself?  you dont...
actually want to spend time with us in the first place.  because if i am giving up what i want for you but you dont give up what you want for me, whats the point?	i like to think that most ppl are good natured but sometimes i wonder how much ppl dont care about each other and...
have you ever had to make compromises for ppl that dont compromise for you?	why do we do that?	is it for the sole purpose that maybe they will reciprocate or are we all that desperate for attention that we will make ourselves suffer just to spend time with someone that doesnt...
@eddiealv292 if i can figure out how to upload it, i will give an example of how i release the real nasty stuff
@eddiealv292 its been very intrusive and at times very painful, emotionally and physically, but those small bouts allow me to experience, 1, the emotion ive been hiding from, sometimes for decades, and 2, how to strengthen myself for the next time i experience what triggers that emotion
sometimes its just as simple as writing down what it is that your feeling.  as long as you get it out and FEEL.
and stop being afraid.  whats the worst thing that is going to happen to you if you take a little bit to listen for once in your life.  you might actually be surprised at how good you feel after wards.	stop being afraid of the dark, stop being afraid of being pissed	you earned it
call them what ever you want, guides, angels, demons, higher self, they dont give a shit.  they just want you to listen because you are blocking an emotion that you need to get out of your system.  	they only get mad and scary if you ignore them for too long.	so stop being a jerk
when i commune with demons and angels, and i do everyday, i dont use any rituals or protection spells. 	its called respect	they r just spirits trying to tell us something about our past present or future.  its us who misunderstands what they are trying to say and call them names
@Keidi_Keating The universal consciousness is my best friend, besides myself.	I am a self taught alchemist/magician, ala Crowley and Levi.	And I have had a minor chase of bacne since I was a teen.
@geet_selfish @LivPsy ...  No matter how good or bad the words are.  Get all the emotion out of you and on to the the page/screen.  Let yourself get mad or sad or glad, don't hold back.  You'll know when your done writing😉	Try it out and let me know how you feel.	If it works I'll you another trick
@geet_selfish @LivPsy I didn't do anything	But here's a simple magic trick that I like to do	Pen and paper or any word processor, by the way this is a wonderful way to clear out karma as well	Summon the person up in your mind.  Then write/type out everything you want to say to them.  Everything...cont
Maybe the problem is that it's always been this way for a reason, cuz no one wanted to admit they could be wrong	Don't blame the Vatican, blame yourself for waiting so long to notice https://t.co/blXqNBcRnP
@geet_selfish @LivPsy 2 put yourself through like that kind of pain is self inflicted at that point	What is the gain?  To see how much abuse you can take until it all bursts out?		I'm amazed at wut ppl put themselves through so they can feel bad for themselves		Good luck out there
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/AgCWWzQ90I When Not To Follow Your Heart
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/WsWpnusyDC They're The Ones Who Whisper In Your Ear
@neptune_q @EsotericExposal Well to better live their lives and to have a better connection to the higher consciousness that we can call god 	Becuz he/she/it listens &amp; will make my dreams come true
@neptune_q @EsotericExposal I agree	the super powers u talk of is what I consider 2 b the Christ consciousness or what ever ppl want to call it, kundalini, Buddha, pleaidians, etc	If folks would look at his teachings as instructions on how to better live ones life, as Jesus him self said he spoke in parable
@Rezn8_the_Great Burning it all down and starting over might be easier
RT @thewitchbrmclst: Religion is https://t.co/b3G7Moh8sQ
RT @EsotericExposal: In Haiti, voodoo (called vaudou) is the religion of the majority of the people, over 90% of the population. Nearly the…
@Rezn8_the_Great how are you going to impliment that?	seems like a bit a heavy burden for one person
@neptune_q @EsotericExposal and what more can be said that hasnt already?	what if scripture is wrong?	what then?
https://t.co/tIS3vEnmYH
@neptune_q @EsotericExposal By who's standards?	And are you talking about Jesus the man or Christ the consciousness?
@seaplaneguy @EsotericExposal Easy...	Stop using fuel
@geet_selfish @LivPsy By suppressing/avoiding/hiding from "negative" emotions 	Drugs, prescription or street; distraction; denial; etc	Basically not allowing your self to feel because you are afraid
just a quite edit	1.  not learning from the past	2.  not planning for the future based off of the what was learned from the past	3.  not realizing that everyone else is also stuck on 1 and 2	4.  reverting back to 1, 2, and/or 3 https://t.co/9I5OpTVvgW
@lIIuminatii you say that because you never tried
@Rezn8_the_Great do you have a plan?
@Timburgh remember that time you said to let you know when i figured out that thing about what to do with the folks that cant wake up?		https://t.co/pbLyJmcDUX
"The living should never be used to serve the purposes of the dead.  But the dead should, if possible, serve the purposes of the living."		Philip K Dick	A Scanner Darkly
@LBF777 Are their suggested tactics for doing so?	I know some fears can be incredibly difficult to overcome
my mind stops being my mind sometimes	i find that im somebody new	this person i see and this person i be	i call him my new number 2		number 2 is not as friendly as me	but thats not a bad thing you see	he hunts the monsters that scare us at night	oh he gives them a terrible fright
the beasts lament		"I come from a land of monsters	It's only safe at night	Beware of the man in the mirror	He's the only one with a light"
@CarmeliteNick the empire never ended
@IndigoWaved all of the above
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/shYVMtrXw9
i wonder sometimes what would have happened if the witches became the hunters
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/0vRC939GB0
time to take a trip into the dark kiddies	flashlight not included https://t.co/sp2d588nZn
@AlinaGrozavu @LivPsy this account is a little bi polar when it comes to its psychological insight.	but it does help one on how not to think sometimes, so it does have some merit
@AudreyKitching dig dig dig	dont forget your flashlight https://t.co/UeBbvAjNVV
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/M3iKiodgRd Feeling Stuck? How To Move Through It!
RT @orchidslantern: https://t.co/0UXVDvAXas
life getting you down	to busy waiting for someone else to tell you what to think or feel?	try something new...	ask the man behind the mirror
@LBF777 what kind of work works best for defeating satanist priests?	does it involve leaving the house?
@End_TheFederalR why not plan for the best while being prepared for the worst in case shit goes south?
RT @EsotericExposal: The Pythagoreans believed that the source of all truth was hidden in geometric symbolism.
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/NCnaF0xIL7
You can't change it, but you can change the way it effects you for the future https://t.co/FF9L2GnUZ2
Behind every face telling you what to think is an ego trying to control you
@medicus44 For some it is
@EsotericExposal Don't always need drugs
@Tiffany_M_Roa That really depends on the character of the person in question
@AndrewSatkowski Or they can just go on with their lives and fix their problems
A little something to make you not feel so bad		https://t.co/KDfYS8OSgU
@laurabusse @AudreyKitching And sometimes they don't look like they do in my head.	😉
@laurabusse @AudreyKitching I didn't think you were.  Sometimes my thoughts are bigger then the words that convey them.
One day I'd like to see magic taught as the science it is
@laurabusse @AudreyKitching Is all I'm saying
@laurabusse @AudreyKitching But by reason, we do not do anything that we aren't suppose to doing exactly when we are doing it	The phrase "everything happens for a reason" isn't just applicable when it's convenient	Can't fight that which guides us, hence waking up to our divine destined nature
@DoreenArney4 @AudreyKitching You put your self out there and get what you get, that's the life of a healer	You don't get to complain as I'm sure there was a reason why.  Something you did to them or rather something you don't want to admit that you did, maybe I'm wrong but Your not a victim, don't act like 1
@mchooyah @Jburgh4 @AramRoston Why?
Do not keep calm	Be irrational, you earned it	Let it out like you want to	What are you afraid of https://t.co/btSI7IN9CL
@themoontarot Unfortunately so
@DoreenArney4 @AudreyKitching Why, so you feel good about yourself?	No one owes you anything
@AudreyKitching But if all things happen for a reason and the divine acts through us 2 heal others, aren't we just doing what we are supposed to be doing exactly when we are supposed to do it?	So if it's self care we need, we will do it when we r supposed, not when another person says to, or no?
Everyone does and any who says differently is a liar		Isn't that why we are all on social media after all, becuz we have no one to connect in our manifest world	so we retreat 2 this virtual cess pool everyday 2 C who we can impress w/ useless opinions		The universe is not happy https://t.co/RyEEPSBIoH
That is called slavery https://t.co/S7o012WLr5
@End_TheFederalR @fardog It requires over coming a fear
@fardog @End_TheFederalR What other then fear would hold someone back?
@sara8smiles So why let it bother you if you already know what your in for		Like flagalating yourself just so you can tell everyone how much it hurts
@Esp1t_ @DCnumerology @Bleeding_Crypto Retarded because he believed in astrology or retarded because you don't think your smart enough or maybe even too lazy to understand how it works or because someone told you it was make believe, possibly the same person that told you "reality" only what you perceive
@jgrbnsk @DCnumerology Do you always believe what other ppl tell you?
@InmateTwitmo @Long1Ryder @RealBiddle @FredMer39027021 @hersheydenise1 @Jingoman111 @DougieFreshii @WandaWomanHere @btccoleman @Coco90018265 @TraditionalMike @Dehneh1 @bobtexasusa @karli_bonne @loveshoulas @joshua_nimmons @basedinfidel8 @SKSSKanz @davisallen46 @0Wotp5 @WillOfThePeopl5 @stephphilip8 @vodavim @DougRichards21 @stand4honor @JoyLinPark @lazyzimms @BradFitzpatriot @thomaspearc3120 @ChoppersLounge @JamesBondNNZ @JoyceEScott1 @Nasty_1_ @billbenedict61 @tara2773 @Twitmo_Inmate3 @AandG2013 @RogerCaynor @silver_fox9 @Baby___Del @GaryMane1 @Satchalistic1 @sheva4200 @Thom_Thom9 @timwd62 @MrsDeplorable1 @deploralette @TheReal_Crayon @happy2moon @aseegs3 So you don't like ppl who aren't like you?
RT @teambossbabe: I won’t apologize for evolving past your comfort zone.
For every bad thing in your life https://t.co/nSsLQM1839
Serious now		TECH SUPPORT!!!!		TECH SUPPORY!!! 		https://t.co/2uGLMHWlv3
@DanCrenshawTX And what's old dies to make room for the new, unless of course ppl are holding on too tight and keep things past their original experation
@End_TheFederalR @fardog Why do you not account for the fear of failure that inevitably arises?	Not every passes that test		In those cases one typically retreats inwardly and avoids that  new idea for fear of successive failures		Would you agree then it only reflects an unfinished truth?
@fardog @End_TheFederalR Is it though?	It doesn't seem to account for fear
@CarmeliteNick What did Jesus say about the lost sheep?	Perhaps we're preaching to the wrong crowd
@Maryamhasnaa At times sacrificing our best lives for the greater good is the only option, not just to be a "good" person
@End_TheFederalR And if the ego strikes back?
RT @thewitchbrmclst: November Magick https://t.co/HuBUoqVSpe
@FrGoyo Sometimes He reminds us that we need reminders https://t.co/sQmVirqF3z
I don't think this account is as illuminated as they claim https://t.co/RrbdauIAxy
@frrocketdan I don't think YHVH is the type to ok that behavior....sounds like someone else from downstairs may have gotten their hands in the holy water
@frrocketdan Instead of pointing fingers @ the guys who just do wut theyv been told from their bosses, has any1 thunk that mayb sum of these fellows r not being taught the word properly?	Holy men doing unholy things sounds like they might not be following the same God as the rest of the flock
Fear is the greatest teacher of all.  More then hate or love.  Because until you lose all hope, you will never see the light of day	Not to mention you feel like a bad mother fucker after wards		Don't be afraid to be afraid
What your spiritual coach/advisor/consultant/whatever should telling you is to get pissed, get sad, get mad and glad and everything in betwixt, but most importantly, let yourself be scared.  	Frightened as if your sanity was being sucked out of your head by a big fat leech
@lIIuminatii Says you
Not getting what you want in life?	Maybe it's becuz you want what you want for the wrong reasons	Ask your self why you really want that thing.	Maybe, just maybe, you don't deserve it yet	Have you  actually learned why you keep losing it yet?	Take a look in the mirror and ask them
@cobrainfo1 But I could be wrong	That's just based off of my experience
@cobrainfo1 I was under the impression the law of attraction doesn't give what we want, it gives what we need, until of course we can learn why we aren't ready for what it is we truly want
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/r9giRSzzgG
RT @CalmDeion: La Luna, you’re so pretty. 🌝
RT @EsotericExposal: https://t.co/lxmFv0Rs7o
an uncomfortable truth for some https://t.co/XCmIWY50iZ
we already are https://t.co/lLQ9oBPFLq
@lIIuminatii shouldnt you be happy with yourself first and then find ppl who want to be around you because of the fact that you are happy?
@UmarFof do you consider observations judgments?
I liked a @YouTube video https://t.co/KKuOvJXoO6 VENUS DIRECT! A TWIST OF FATE IN LOVE AND MONEY! Venus Direct Astrology Horoscope
@lIIuminatii but you have to be the bigger person if you want to grow
@PeterMgand @lIIuminatii @YouTube heres a link to the book	its a short read and not really worth the money in my opinion	but very insightful to those who want to know more, just dont expect answers		https://t.co/AcK8ayZKPw
@PeterMgand @lIIuminatii @YouTube no i am not	but i wouldnt trust this account, i think its a bot &amp; they arent very wise	if u really want a group check these cats out	at least they hav a book u can read	its a good, but i lerned all that &amp; more on my own	they want me they can ask	good luck	https://t.co/zgfe1jGEYP