Per @MeetThePress, we're at near record low unemployment at the same time our credit card debt is nearly as high as it was in early 2009, during the economic crisis. By seeing this high of credit card debt when our economy is "strong" is horrific. That means wages are too low.
@yashar It's what happens when there aren't enough hours in the day, but you're passionate about what you do to do your best within a crazy time frame
@NatashaBertrand I thought I was suddenly mistaken. It is Torshin!
@ibeenwoke @JordanClass1 @NPR No, my only point was I saw your response as dismissing someone's profession to not be a writer and money issues will be fixed. It turned out to be a hobby of @JordanClass1, but there will always be professional writers. Of course you need to work hard in order to get paid.
@ibeenwoke @JordanClass1 @NPR In this new economy, can we no longer afford to have anyone be writers if they've decided to pursue a college education?
@NPR Increased cost of higher education coupled with stagnant wages will result in less money to purchase a house.  Makes sense.  We can fix this.
@dcexaminer Not if he sells something Americans want. More and more voters are frustrated with the binary choice. Julian Castro, please review public policy polls and run on those majority positions. Ignore the big money. Then it won't matter if Schultz runs
@MeetThePress @GOPLeader This is a good idea, but Chuck Todd not countering Rep. McCarthy's assessment the Senate needs 60 votes and the Senate was the reason for the shutdown with the fact a bill was passed in the Senate unanimously before the holidays and the President reneged.
.@kevinomccarthy narrative: Senate needs 60 to pass any bill, this was Schumer's fault of the shutdown. @chucktodd completely ignores the unanimous bill that was passed in the Senate prior to the holidays and moves on. No challenge whatsoever of the Minority Leader's narrative.
@WashTimes This is clearly his debt. He already ruined his kids' lives once, now he can do it again?!? Government did this family right to keep them solvent. This "man" is a disgrace.
@DailyCaller Please don't play this game. It was fine when Obama was President and Ted Cruz read Green Eggs and Ham. But not now with a Senate Minority leader who could possibly cave?
@CJDavisOSU @paulkrugman I think you're right about the politicians thought process in keeping power. I do think the voters which vote for Republicans are concerned about being marginalized because the urban voter won't vote to help the rural voter, which is not entirely true.
@paulkrugman This is a projection mentality. Lately Republicans act in their own interest and not everyone's interest. As such, they believe the more Democratic, urban areas will only act in their own interest and disregard the rest of the population. It is possible to legislate for all.
@guardian By changing our habits to minimizing climate change, this would open up new opportunities for products, systems, and job. Embracing climate change, even if you disagree with the science, will diversify the economy. For the record, I believe the science.
@VirtuallyBeth @dattwell1 @IAmSophiaNelson @EricTrump @KellyannePolls I was thinking the same thing! Husband and wife can disagree. If we've learned anything from Kellyanne Conway's emergence in the spotlight, she can handle her own.
@MediaQuire @GOPChairwoman I agree Israel needs constant support, but I was looking into this. Omar has supported BDS but has some issues with that movement. The biggest concern has been Israel not allowing the Palestinians to live with the same rights as Israelis. That is a problem.
@GOPChairwoman @GOP The lack of any nuance in this tweet, though intentional, is still disturbing. Omar has voice criticism at those in power in Israel and has supported, with reservations, the BDS movement. To speak out about systematic problems in Israel does not mean you're anti-Semitic.
@politico Could not agree more.  All people should have adequate access to reliable transportation.  Public transportation infrastructure is among the top priorities for proper government spending. Government should spend to take care of their citizens to live a free everyday life.
@hammerito @cchristi9545 @jornlavoll @robertbostonIII @seriousprogress @DrDebD @leipugs @Ocasio2018 I was going to ask the same question, also not trying to be snarky at all. It seems like we can agree healthcare would be a better use of the taxpayers' money, amongst other domestic investments rather than having troops everywhere.
@washingtonpost How is this news at all? Of course he'd say that. Also with such impact to the world this year, he might be right.
@thehill You can call this tempting fate at this point. Economic cycles are anywhere from 8-11 years. Dip in 1991, 2001, and 2008 (more than a dip). We're in year 10 now. It's time to shore up the fundamentals of the economy now.
@MarkMazzettiNYT @nytpolitics I hope the policy is not "Give America money and human rights don't matter." But that's the impression I would get from the White House so far.
@Tyrannicus @thehill You're right. That's the takeaway from the article for sure. But the article is misconstruing the platform. No one wants to lobby for communism and that's not any of their platforms.
@michaelshure Yes, 20 multiplied by 70,000 is 1.4 million. I wish I lived that life and had no expenses as well. Leaving expenses might be a bit of an oversight in this analysis.
@DasDeeds @thehill Agreed. It's not a complicated concept, but the article conflates economic equality with communism. This is an article that will be read by many in a source deemed unbiased, but there's a horrifically misleading slant.
@thehill This article is clearly written to misconstrue everything. Economic equality does not mean everyone gets the same money. There's a large number of Americans who can't survive on their wages and their hard work should entitle them to higher wages.
@rangersfan1966 @washingtonpost This time Pelosi is not all Democrats have. By not voting for Clinton, it was clear Trump was the other option. If this is a truly a transitional 2 years building toward a big 2020, Pelosi is fine, but we can't be blind to how little legislative and election success there's been.
@cnni The definition of monopoly does need to alter to fit technology companies. These companies are getting so large, they could be more powerful than governments and therefore the rule of law.
@NewYorker It's not a matter of if, but a matter of when he announces he's running for President.
@HuffPost I'd bet Republicans would vote for her so they can run against her in 2020. No one remembers the speaker vote.
@FR20112011 @markhughesfilms @marcorubio If that's the case, the Democrats did a horrible job for years at stealing elections considering they've lost 1,000 seats in states and nationally prior to this past Tuesday. I think we can agree that Broward needs a better system.
@dcexaminer I don't believe they've done anything illegal yet.  If at the border, they go through standard protocol, I don't see the issue.
@thehill If you take the first sentence, replace "the left" with "the President" and "Donald Trump" with "Barack Obama", this is literally what is happening. That's what happens when controlling parties switch. Honestly, the Democrats are more business friendly than being depicted.
@dcexaminer This was going to be a tight race.  The Mason-Dixon poll was from over a month ago and the numbers have been trending in Shalala's direction over the past 5 weeks. October numbers overall are better than September numbers. The timing of this story is interesting.
Everyone stop with the Senator Warren story. It's not a story. It's a sign someone, once again, fell for the trap the President set. I'll give Senator Warren credit she resisted for this long, but she still gave in. It doesn't matter. We're so polarized the results even divide.
@maggieserota @jaketapper This is absolutely not what the Democrats need in the news cycle 3 weeks before the midterm elections. Usually the Republicans would capitalize on this, but I don't think they're capable right now. But based on previous experience, the Republican can try to capitalize on this.
@thehill This is the beginning of another Jeff Flake cycle. He'll say something different than the party. Let that sit. Then there will be ambiguity up until a vote that addresses this issue. Lucky for him, there's not much time left in his tenure for that vote.
@thehill This quote was taken out of context. Maybe "great" isn't the right word, but his point was Lincoln had a tough opponent in Lee and Grant was the leader he needed. Unfortunately, harping on something like this only helps the President in his warpath against the mainstream media.
@mkeneally @ABCPolitics @JeffFlake @GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC @JeffFlake has had some bizarre political instincts since Trump got elected. Considering Jeff Flake voted with the President 84% of the time, he could have ridden on the coattails of Trump. Instead he voted with the President and won't get any credit. It can harm him in 2020 too.
@NBCNews @NBCNewsTHINK That's the brilliance of the Republicans campaigning. They connect all candidates with Schumer and Pelosi. Democrats can't waste time dispelling that notion directly, but they can indirecty by pushing different policies from Schumer and Pelosi, which some have been trying to do.
@ThisWeekABC This is way too easy. He might have been a called "leader", but this:	https://t.co/vDrUQSGGpg
@thehill If they have a tape showing Jamal Khashoggi entering the embassy, I would expect them to show a tape of him leaving. All the speculation is because they cannot present the latter tape. This doesn't seem to have a good ending.
@RobertFaturechi @alexburnsNYT Something about this doesn't seem to be above board. I wonder what @Matta4Congress thinks about this.
@MorganJamesTal1 @MalcolmNance @jlittleboy @jerry_broome I agree. If you're represented well, that's great. That means you and those in your district are doing your duty to vote for the right candidate. The overall dysfunction in Congress doesn't really serve anyone well, which is the larger problem. Corruption does need to be reduced.
@Donnajm2030 @FaceTheNation @ChrisVanHollen I was thinking the same thing. That's a very small number for a state with about 6 million people.
@ThisWeekABC Democrats need to motivate with optimism and true change through policies moving this country forward. Fear is not a good motivation. Fear and anti-Trump sentiment will lead to voters feeling defeated prior to voting, thinking their vote won't matter.
@samstein The calculus is such: He didn't get tons of praise for Texas or Miami, maybe a little. He did get hammered for Puerto Rico, rightfully so. He only sees a downside for addressing the hurricane.
@washingtonpost This is a key phrase saying Mattis won't be around for much longer. It would be best for Trump to keep Mattis for the next 3 weeks to not sway midterms, however, I'd expect a more hawkish Secretary of Defense, which is not what this country needs.
@edokeefe I agree with the feelings of these voters. Individuals in Congress will fight for these issues, but we only hear from the leaders they will resist Trump rather than lead our country forward. Trump may be an obstacle, but this alone cannot be the role of Congress.
@MorganJamesTal1 @MalcolmNance @jlittleboy @jerry_broome We vote to get people who represent us in government. I think @jerry_broome has been increasingly frustrated that lately no matter who's been voted in, the people have not been well represented. Which is why we must all vote and get true, uncorrupted representatives.
I don't understand the campaign strategy of @timkaine. He's up by double digits but is running a negative ad against @CoreyStewartVA by invoking Roy Moore like he's behind.  He needs to keep positive and motivate voters with issues.
@FoxBusiness This is great and helpful, but can't we fix this problem already? Americans don't have access to clean water. Clean water is a right and not having available water is a third world problem. This is evidence that parts of America are the third world. Unacceptable.
@thehill That's fine. They should look at all seats, but there's an election in 4 weeks. Finish this first.  Circumstances could also change after this election.
@DPOM09141988 @mikememoli @JamesPindell @SenSherrodBrown @KamalaHarris Sherrod Brown should have been the 2016 VP pick. He's the perfect candidate. Anyone who takes the nomination in 2020 would be a fool not to pick him. Unless someone appears between now and that election, that is.
@NBCPolitics I agree with the Senator. Dems have less than 10% shot of taking the Senate. The house is tightening up, but Dems should get to 218. They might not get much more, however.
@tamisawyer @PhilBredesen This was a surprisingly available seat for Democrats, but recent comments from Bredesen has hurt his chances.  It's not over, but this isn't a toss-up anymore and Blackburn has momentum with a month to go.
@MeetThePress @SenAlexander I think the Senate should have used the McConnell rule set back in early 2016. Let the voters choose their Senators and then have that Senate advise and consent anyone the President picked. It could have still been Kavanaugh.
@JordanChariton This is also why primaries matter. Almost more than general elections. I'd rather have a larger showing for primaries to achieve the best candidates than during election day. We need to best candidates and may the issues win. The country is ready but the motivation is lacking.
@FoxNews @senatemajldr Senators on both sides should be open to people voicing their opinions directly to one of the most powerful governing bodies in the world at their place of work. I didn't read about anyone being bothered at their homes. I'd like evidence of this claim.
This isn't sports. Politics is not an I win-you lose thing. Governance is for all to win. The nonsense of one side holding the Kavanaugh appointment over heads of Americans is not how this government works. But at this snapshot in time, it seems like this democracy doesn't work.
@ACampMAGA @phuhcue @RNCResearch Sure, I'd like to know more specifics, but Congress does need more organization. It might be naive to think for a freshman member of the House would have any immediate impact, but generally our Representatives need to coalesce and stop bickering.
@knitvspurl @kurteichenwald You make so much sense. And it seems like you'd agree (correct me if I'm wrong) that our monetary focus has been incorrectly allocated, to a degree.
@kurteichenwald This is where you lost me. We don't have responsible fiduciary people in control. Single payer works everywhere else. So why not in the richest country?
@politico I know the Peter Strzok hearing was a charade, but this is all I can think about when I see Rep. Gosar's name: "I’m a dentist, OK. So I read body language very, very well." He might want to return to dentistry.
@CNNPolitics Mostly because average Americans haven't seen the wage growth that should be associated with GDP growth. We can keep hearing the economy is great, but it comes down to whether we see the impact to our wallets.
@ABCWorldNews Though there's significant precedent with private military contractors, fully allowing war to be a profit motive is beyond dangerous. This would mean, in order for companies to profit, we need war. We should not be in a position to ever need war.
@samstein Misspeaking will not trigger a perjury "trap". Mixing up facts will. Essentially, this is a projection on the investigation trying to trap someone, but if there is one set of facts and all answers are based on those facts there's nothing to worry about, unless it's incriminating.
@FrankPallone Though we understand the Supreme Court nomination process was going to be completely partisan, Reps will blame Dems for obstruction, however Reps are causing the obstruction by lacking transparency. Nonetheless, the Dems aren't strong enough to prevent this process.
@thehill Please run mostly on ideas and not run only against Trump. America wants something we can vote for, not vote against. Give me a clear platform. Newer individual candidates are doing a good job running on the issues. That's how the Democrats need to do as a whole.
This is what I thought would happen after calling it after looking at incorrect numbers, Troy Balderson is now projected to take the Ohio 12th in a close contest. I'm calling it now with Delaware County in at 82%.
I retract the call. I had incorrect numbers in Delaware County. Too close to call.
Danny O'Connor will take the Ohio 12th in the special election.  Calling it now.
@NikitaBiryukov_ Based on platforms, this election looks more like standard Republican vs. right wing fringe, when just looking at those two candidates. William Benfer has an approach I've seen other candidates use, by offering constituents to provide feedback prior to votes and he has a platform
@AlexisNex @pyochum81 @daveweigel @DemSocialists That's true. I see this platform as a negotiation. If we achieve affordable housing for everyone, proper schools, etc. as a result of politicians working for the people rather than imposing these reforms, that's great. That won't happen until money is out of politics.
@pyochum81 @AlexisNex @daveweigel @DemSocialists I looked at the DSA website and Ocasio-Cortez's website and didn't see as such. I might be missing it, which would be on me. But honestly from the rhetoric on that side, it seems like a sensical option. If what you've indicated is true, that's useful information too.
@MichaelCraig18A @CNN No, it's more he was that close to complete leadership and this is a shot to do so. And yes, the party is definitely backing him, but only because he's a familiar face
@AlexisNex @pyochum81 @daveweigel @DemSocialists I found this to be a great back and forth. To be clear, are you saying democratic socialists want to seize the means of production? I haven't seen that to be part of the conversation or platform.
@HannahCranston That's crazy.  Was it unprompted or part of a conversation going awry? I have fascinating conversations with Uber/Lyft/Taxi drivers.
@NBCNews My suggestion is to let them protest and report the true reason for the protest rather than the intentionally incorrect narrative. Then as a nation, we look introspectively, address the underlying issues, then there will be no need to protest anymore.
@OttoWw4 @nytmike @brianstelter Sometimes I respond to this just for the fun: https://t.co/oL8z44MKjB; https://t.co/t15TZONszo;	https://t.co/vwESjqS2K2	But it also pains me to see someone have so much rage.  Not saying CNN is great, but come on, they've been talking about it.
@CillizzaCNN Look if we start getting multiple sources to corroborate a story, we would only have a solid case.  If @CNN contacted those 100+ people and found nothing...well...that's a way to get multiple sources to corroborate a story.
@mike_shortjd @Manglewood @AndyRichter The President is the master of projection. When he accuses someone else of something, it's because he'd do it or he's guilty of it. Would love to play poker with him.
@LDoren @xtophersaurus @Ocasio2018 Deficit hawks have complained about the deficit and the government is spending more than they have, which is true. Those same people passed a bill to remove an additional $2 trillion from the government's income and are now crying there's no money for positive programs.
@senorrinhatch To be fair, Senator, the media gave the public four choices. Of those, people can make a decisions as to whether they don't believe their fit to serve. These students may be unaware of such, but opinions and thoughts can be had about those names out there.
@thehill It's possible China was in the ear of North Korea as a result of our imposed tariffs on China, but I can make that connection based on the timeline.  Do we need to provoke China anymore than we already are?  I need more evidence about this.
@CCow31282 @bizzyunderscore @Oneoneder @sedespres @ZoeTillman That response and the gif was everything! Keep fighting! (That might come off as sarcasm, but it's not and we need to be civil to our fellow human beings)
And as such words were written, we need to vote for those in the upcoming primaries and general federal and state elections who best reflect the ideals of the Declaration of Independence and our country.
As we celebrate #IndependenceDay, we must remember this: We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
@anythingbutdem @thehill You're correct. I was talking past you. Per the letter of the law, the court is right. I'm just saying it's a problem when systems look to courts to force them to function rather than the government doing its job and allocate resources.
@anythingbutdem @thehill But they're not all quality and adequately funded. Some states are better than others. Some counties are better than others. In this article above is an instance of a poorly backed system. For it to exist shouldn't be enough. It's about making it good.
@anythingbutdem @thehill Sure, but education does fall under states rights. It can always go to the SCOTUS too, but education is legislated by the states.  I know it's not a fundamental right, but why do we need to courts to force us to provide education?
@anythingbutdem @thehill Right, there's the availability of public education and the quality. I think we all agree a good education is fundamental for a strong society. This was in response to lawsuits allowing the public schooling system to slowly fail.
@anythingbutdem @thehill The argument now is the children don't have the infrastructure for proper education. So in the technical sense, you're right because you can't take away what's not there.
@davidsirota We can barely provide food, water, and shelter. How can we handle something a little more complicated? Richest country in the world should have this all figured out.
@thehill Education is the great equalizer. If we suddenly take that away from the future, what future do we have? A greater gap between the haves and have-nots.
@SpeakingBee @DLind I'm not saying the "have to", all I'm saying the stronger our neighboring countries are, the more opportunity for all migrants to find a permanent place. Rather than all people rushing to one country, they can spread out as desired, since their home country isn't safe.
@dcexaminer That's a loaded statement with a lot of "scary" words, however in context those words don't relate to each other in any logical sense.
@SpeakingBee @DLind Mexico itself is a net zero into the US, I agree.  I meant for Mexico's economy to be strong enough to handle the central American refugees as well.  We also have a poor immigration system.
@TaritaC @iSee_PW @frederickhiller @MalcolmNance It's distortion of record but it was also Clinton fatigue.  The GOP is great at branding and having their slander stick to their opponents way better than the Democrats can. A perfect storm.
@TmacNTben @dcexaminer She is young (yet older than the Constitution requires for the House), but how is she clueless? Her ideas are different and perhaps need to be heard.
@Paul_Sacca This seems to be a poorly sourced "article".  I'd like more than one anonymous people to declare this to be true prior to smearing another individual. If this is a pattern of action, then sure, that's not a good thing, but this doesn't seem like anything at all.
@DLind All I get from this is the opportunity for the US to violate human rights for more people.  Perhaps Mexico will develop an economy that's more desirable, which would minimize those migrating the US. Also, the US could develop a better immigration system.
@JChengWSJ But I thought all was fixed! This is news to nobody. Need something significant to happen before North Korea considers backing down from their program.
@NomikiKonst And those don't realize the growth of such fascism will not see it until it's too late.  Democracy consistently needs to be fought for.  Complacency will end democracy.
@FoxNews @seanhannity Democrats do acknowledge this.  Both parties do.  However, looking back, we realize those years were good for the short term, but set us up poorly for the long term.
@FoxNews @LisaMarieBoothe @NextRevFNC What is the definition of microaggression and political correctness? I agree there's an over sensitivity to a degree, but microaggression and political correctness have been used as a guise as an allowance to be offensive.
@ShaunKing Forgive my naivete, but isn't ICE a new-ish organization?  Didn't our country survive before this aggressive enforcement?  I do believe ICE wasn't initially created for such aggression, but the law as established didn't specify how enforcement needed to take place.
@ABCWorldNews I would recommend not listening to those aggressive trolls, if you believe you're right. There was vitriol against previous presidents (Obama had a similar 24 hour news cycle), and those he didn't fully ignore it, he was able to let most of it slide. Just do you.
@TaritaC @iSee_PW @frederickhiller @MalcolmNance President Clinton's*. I didn't want to delete and I can't edit on Twitter, which is unfortunate.
@TaritaC @iSee_PW @frederickhiller @MalcolmNance People didn't like Hillary Clinton b/c of her vote for the Iraq war &amp; felt there would be other wars. President Obama got involved in other areas such as Yemen, an expansion of military was not desired. She was seen as connected to Presidents Clinton's deregulation of the economy
@johncardillo @Ocasio2018 You attempted to discredit @Ocasio2018 by trying to frame her as an out of touch elite. There's no problem with someone who grew up with a roof over their head and still got an education. The posturing is very confusing. Where else would you want someone to come from?
@KGWillison @ClydeHaberman I though I don't think the Republicans will increase their majority, I don't think the Democrats will take the majority. Yes, Kennedy has the right to retire. We're living in weird times of absolutes and no nuance. No one wants to try and reason with each other.
@Ocasio2018 and @BenJealous tonight.  What a wonderful change we all needed.
@mitchellreports I respect Andrea Mitchell so much, but Ms. Ocasio-Cortez is a progressively minded individual. Socialist has been an intentionally disparaging word in America, despite having some merit.
@kasie Honestly, these positions the candidates have been taken are ones that are not commonly promoted.  They're common sense and therefore, after talking to voters, are well refined and winning positions.  Nothing more than that.
@ShaunKing Thank you, Shaun.  Seriously!  Name the person.  Show respect!  Young or old, this is a person with the pulse of their voters.  This is embarrassing and a big problem with the current media.
@hillarynot45th @thehill @RepMaxineWaters I don't know. Forcing someone to resign because they are telling people to speak out against improper policies seems extreme. Confront doesn't mean with aggression, nor should it be hostile. But conversations need to happen to move forward.
@DonnaMossBoss @NorahODonnell @GayleKing @CBSThisMorning Thanks! Can't resist a Josh Lyman reference
@DonnaMossBoss @NorahODonnell @GayleKing @CBSThisMorning That could be and it wouldn't shock me. But we need health care, including mental healthcare, for all Americans.  Once we get that, you can finally drink from the keg of glory.  We'll bring you the finest muffins and bagels in all the land.
@NorahODonnell @GayleKing @CBSThisMorning We need to figure out a solution to provide mental healthcare access to everyone. Physical healthcare too.
@USATODAY Representative Waters was venting about how Americans can speak out about one of the more harmful policies to individuals and to our reputation. I think most people can and should separate being professional and protesting, however. But a passive protest isn't effective either.
@CNNPolitics I don't think the President considered additional jobs moving overseas as a result of tariffs. Tariffs are necessary at times to help the US economy, however, I think a Public Works program is in order first before upsetting our allies.
@CNN This could be a welcome chance of pace for the Democrats. Talk economy!
@washingtonpost I appreciate the sentiment, but this is clearly a problem when we need money to bail us out rather than getting money out of politics and having the people bail us out.
@notmymichael @vonceyb @theintercept Just putting this out there: This is America. We talk about the American dream and anyone can be anything. So how about we need a different thought process in power? Cuomo and Nixon come from different backgrounds. It's about the policy when all is said and done.
@Darmok_andJalad @Spic0li1981 @Duke_Nukem_TX @kasie We're on the same page. But we're not the ones in power. The fact we can't get a quick coalition for legislation to stop this is very concerning.
@Darmok_andJalad @Spic0li1981 @Duke_Nukem_TX @kasie Definitely not. I realized that after I sent the message you might have thought that. I meant that Sessions became the mouthpiece to cower to Trump's attempts at discrediting him in order to stick around. Though I'm sure he agrees with the policy
@Darmok_andJalad @Spic0li1981 @Duke_Nukem_TX @kasie You're correct. That's why I started with "100%"
@Darmok_andJalad @Spic0li1981 @Duke_Nukem_TX @kasie 100%. I feel like it was Attorney General Jeff Sessions who really laid down the policy. Keep in mind, it was as he was feeling pressure from being Trump's punching bag
@Darmok_andJalad @Spic0li1981 @Duke_Nukem_TX @kasie The policy of separating parents and children should not exist. That's it. It's so horrible that I can't believe this is a topic of debate.
@Darmok_andJalad @Spic0li1981 @Duke_Nukem_TX @kasie I'll give this a swing. If it appears, as those photos seem to do, that Obama was just as callous as Trump, then the media let us down. It wouldn't be the first time. Media must do better. No matter who is president, this is a reprehensible practice and there must be a better way
@WashTimes This is an example of Trump's marketing strategy. Not everyone can follow news closely, so if voters hear immigration is Democrats problem and nothing changes before election day, some voters will be convinced it's the Democrats. Despite the fact the Democrats have no majorities.
@CBSNews I'll put it another way. If the Democrats are to prove themselves a strong party, they will band together, provide a strong message, and influence enough Republicans to make change. It's how the Republicans work now as a strong party.
@neal_katyal @peterdaou I'm additionally troubled that the general media will give Steve Bannon a platform to spew his abhorrent ideas and it'll reach enough people who might he convinced. Trying to increase viewership should not be end all be all when you're giving immoral thoughts legitimacy.
@FoxBusiness Correct. And they've looked to our model to a degree in doing so. We can make this a healthy competition and dont need to repeat the Cold War tensions from the 60s vs. the Soviet superpower.
@axios It's easier to drop the standard requirements for education than providing more funding for public schools to improve the standards. It's not the right thing, but the easiest thing.
@chrislhayes Is this referring to Steve King? I hope there aren't two congressman today.
@DavidCornDC But he is a President of a country who's populace is too complacent to properly vote for a candidate supporting their interests.
@daveweigel Their low polls are evidence the media was ignoring them. Having low numbers doesn't make the lesser candidate. Giving more press to other candidate will bring more awareness and name recognition. By ignoring, there's less name recognition.
@thehill If the President did a 180 for the next 6 months, the Democrats would lose. Think about it. If he was conciliatory and had positive talks with other nations, with the lack of the Democrats strong message, the blue wave would be gone.
@politico How does a printing error like this get caught on the day it matters and not before?
@CNNPolitics For example, @HartsonForCA isn't mentioned as a candidate in this article and Republicans aren't mentioned at all! @ballotpedia has been a good source for all people running in each election. An educated electorate will produce the best results and best candidates. 2/2
@CNNPolitics If Democrats are concerned about California's system by people not voting for them, don't blame the system, blame the candidates. Bigger issue is Democrats eat their own good candidates and promote the rest, which results in an electorate that will not vote for them. 1/2
@TODAYshow @craigmelvin I'm truly surprised President Clinton even spoke about it. He'd never clear his own name, but he did have an opportunity to show growth and yet he didn't.
@136or142 @thehill That is a factor, but gas prices were due to increase.  They always have a bump around Memorial Day and through the summer.  I remember in 2008 with $4/gallon.  My point being, with all the blame being thrown around, this is not something to pin solely on the President.
@thehill That's correct. There are some items outside of the US influence. Gas prices are one of them.
@Reuters Of course a legal battle will ensue. Look at the words, the President will not cop to any poor conduct. Therefore, there will be a legal battle if subpoenaed. The real question is whether the President will respond to a subpoena, and that must happen as part of the "legal battle"
@jaketapper To think they didn't know would be foolish. They do extensive research to develop these drugs and have a bunch of data. The main issue is how blatantly you can mislead consumers and get away with it.
I bring this up because his audience his large, but his show was MSM with some "jokes". They almost had a good discussion about Gina Haspel, but they spent too much time being one sided on Israel-Palestine to really get into a little thing called torture.
@jimmy_dore @JimmyDoreShow @miserablelib @RonPlacone I know you're done w/ Bill Maher recently, but each segment of last night's show, was written by Est Dems. Started with a former FBI agent saying FBI can't defend itself from Trump &amp; went to a panel missing the point on Israel.
@RepSwalwell Unfortunately the lack of history this administration has regarding the policy toward ZTE will only result in the opposite of the most recent policies out of spite rather than facts developing US policy.
@joshua_landis @ajaltamimi This regional destabilization began when a secular, Sunni (and brutal which is unrelated to the first 2 adjectives) leader was overthrown in a majority Shiite region in 2003. The increasing strength of Iran was bound to happen.
@tripgabriel @yashar Correct. I would recommend learning some history. I almost said "need", but she'll make enough money not learning anything.
@RepLawrence This is an excellent thing, but we need action in Congress to put this issue to rest. Then we can focus on other issues. All politicians have run on DACA for 2018. How about running on passing legislation in 2018? Even drafting a bill for debate would be good action.
@EmmaVigeland Did not expect to find a Mets fan amongst the people I follow.  Not sure why, but Noah's great and I'll admit should still be in the game right now.
@JoeNBC I understand Assad is a huge problem, but I find it hard to believe he orchestrated the last chemical weapon attack immediately after the President suggested we should pull out. Something doesn't add up. That wouldn't favor Assad himself at all.
@FunkyRabidcow @allgemeingultig @TuckerCarlson Yogi Berra: Aw, nobody ever goes there. It’s too crowded.
@WashTimes Anyone else thinks this is excessive? We're not at war with Mexico. At least not since I last checked.
@EmmaVigeland @johniadarola Hah. So scientific. At least we're having a little fun with this. I hope I don't come off as dry as I think I might.
@nypost Good.
@JordanChariton Would you say the incessant media push regarding Syria pushed him into it?  It seems the media alone is his source of information and strategy rather than having any prior notions he'll adhere to.
@ToThrive Fair point.  I will suggest ideas elsewhere.
@ToThrive @jjz1600 @never_martha @newcoolhandle @NomikiKonst @Deoliver47 @micapulina @ninaturner @janeosanders @BernieSanders I don't mind the heat.  The finger pointing gets old.  I'm not blaming you.  Everyone is doing it and I don't think it's going to be the way we take back the government.  It HAS to be on ideas and policies.  It's not as inspiring to say we're not as bad as someone else.
@jjz1600 @never_martha @ToThrive @newcoolhandle @NomikiKonst @Deoliver47 @micapulina @ninaturner @janeosanders @BernieSanders This is all I hear pointing fingers at Hillary, Bernie, Obama, Pelosi, Schumer, etc.  Can we just talk about policies?  No one will ever fully agree with everything someone has to offer, We must talk about common sense laws for the average American and talk in those terms.
@Ellahbie @HumanistReport Republicans can be blatantly against people's interests as the Democrats blatantly rig their own primaries. Which one is the more corrupt party?  It's an embarrassing time we're in. Need one party to reform for the people or truly strengthen a third party.
@HumanistReport If the Republicans want to be connected with belittling the future voters, then so be it.  It's important the Democrats get smart and bring in stronger candidates for future elections.
@thehill I don't think the Democrats have enough ammo to take control of the House, but I think Speaker Ryan is one of most vulnerable to lose. Not a good look for a powerful Republican. He could step down to save face.
@NomikiKonst More evidence that the top earners needed more of a tax cut in order to create jobs, or whatever the money was supposed to do.
@crudestcub123 @21_TEwbank @TimmyWil99 @SacramentoKings If by "your agenda" you mean not having police officers shooting and killing innocent people first without evidence, I would think all Americans would be for that. We should not live in fear of police. The increase in police militarism is a major concern.
@sahilkapur Line item veto will never be a thing. It gives the executive too much power. It's important that Congress can learn to put together better legislation. Maybe instead of big, complicated bills, there can be smaller and more focused ones. Just a thought.
@TomiLahren Correct. All there needs to be is common sense gun legislation. We agree that Americans have the right the bear arms, however, we need to figure out how to better implement the laws in place today and provide adequate background checks. Certain guns are unnecessary to begin with.
@kurteichenwald Even if these high school students can't vote in 2018, they won't rest in 2020 to get their first crack at voting.  The next step is providing and promoting good candidates. The Democrats and Republicans are not pushing quality candidates for change.
@LivesKuato @EmmaVigeland Yes! This! It's easy to focus on that superficial story while ignoring the issues Americans face daily. By focusing on the "wrong" story, it legitimizes the recent attacks on the press. The press is setting themselves up very poorly for any redemption.
@SenBlumenthal I love the sentiment, but you know too many citizens are blocked from getting to the polls.  What will you do now so that in November all Americans can vote? It's truly in your (and our) best interest.
@FoxNews Unfortunately this is correct. Gun manufacturers got so deep into the NRA many years ago, that there is so many guns in circulation in America.  We're in too deep and it'll take a lot of will power and information to reverse the trend.
President Trump was the disruption the country needed. His policies are not at all, however, he has woken up the majority of Americans from the malaise set by the status quo. The change that'll be coming must be strong and will take time, but we're moving in the right direction.
@RepLarryBucshon It's important to keep our military funded. Those that are brave enough to fight for us should have full support. I think it's important to itemize the $700B. How much for military? How much for private contractors? $700B for 1.3M troops, is $538K per troop, which doesn't happen.
@zylalovesyou @MurderBryan That's a fair point. I was trying to do some research into alternatives for the severe pain, but there's nothing easily available. So with that in mind, the doctors and drug companies who provide must see the patient through being weaned off.
@ABC This is unacceptable.  Laws allowed businesses to be parasites to Puerto Rico only to abandon the country at time of economic downturn.  Puerto Rico is America and should benefit from it.
@NateSilver538 Nate, been there.  I was good in the last two elections (2008, 2012), but getting way more grief for 2016 than having the worst brackets a billion years running.
@MurderBryan At that point, we need to have some supply available to wean bodies off of opioids.  There was a reason they were only used for terminal patients attempting to ward off pain prior to death.  There are other means of mitigating pain.
@MurderBryan Twitter doesn't allow for nuance. The goal is if someone doesn't get their first opioid prescription, then they are less likely to pursue heroin. However, making it hard to get for patients that have already gotten a prescription, is a huge problem.
@AngelaAllander @SenBobCasey No I'm glad. Look, if there are policies that work for everyone, I'm not here to argue. I've seen similar things to you, but I'd like to ensure the majority of Americans are seeing the same thing.
@AngelaAllander @SenBobCasey If everything that's been going on has positively impacted you, then I will not argue. I'm happy that it works. If wages are increasing to get people off food stamps, though I haven't seen that report, but that's great. The next step needs to be investment in infrastructure.
@jerp163 @thehill Ha OK.  Sorry, I wasn't sure if you were saying the tweet I commented on wasn't for me or your response.  All good and have a good day!
@jerp163 @thehill Rich man becoming President doesn't necessarily mean a bad person. I didn't mean to make a blanket statement. My real point was mostly toward unlimited dark money in politics, where people are getting elected to serve the donors rather than their constituency.
@rovinato @HuffPostPol It exists! A Medicare for all single payer system is very popular. Not only does it help everyone get healthcare, it takes the burden off small business. Increase the minimum wage, may increase some costs of goods, but not enough to offset wage increases. Not grasping for straws.
@jerp163 @thehill Oh there's plenty of dirt there too. If we had a strong government for the people and by the people, we could be checking everything that has caused a few, small number of people enriching themselves at the same time still working within the government. Money in politics = toxic.
@rovinato @HuffPostPol 100% correct. Leave it be and run for the American people.  They're putting more focus on the optics of backing the FBI and being anti-Trump than running on ideas that help average Americans. This isn't binary, the Republicans and Democrats need to be primaried with real people.
@peterdaou We need to make sure the investigation is correct.  Knowing how long the President has been doing business, there's a lot of information to sift through. Any quick decision would set a bad precedent for any future President that people might not have liked.
@HuffPostPol I'm torn with this. The Pres was being petty with this move and I haven't seen evidence claimed about McCabe of being a liar, but he's been a lifelong establishment Repub. The Dems offering him a job to get full pension is nice, but smells of establishment backing establishment.
@AngelaAllander @SenBobCasey Just the loudest talk about the identity politics, and they need to be voted out. Agreed, they need to stop attacking and just present good ideas and action. We need a lesser tax burden and an economy that works for everyone. We don't have people for that now.
@AngelaAllander @SenBobCasey Pennsylvania is a Red state because you've realized the Democrats let you down. Now that we see the Republicans aren't better, and Democrats are weak, we must vote in the primary to rebuild the Democrat party for the people. They still have some good ones left. Let's add more.
@SeanAThom @dccc @VanDrewForNJ @OurRevNJ @TYTPolitics @TheYoungTurks @EmmaVigeland @jimmy_dore @OurRevolution @justicedems @BrandNew535 @ninaturner @Marcus4America @PeterJacobNJ This is incredibly significant. There's a healthy group of energized people for the Dem primary in the NJ-2 (currently Red district in Blue state). Bill Hughes Jr and David Cole didn't succeed as they went too "safe" in their campaigns. Moving to the center, leads Dems to lose.
@thehill I understand the investigation, and since Robert Mueller is doing similar work and that's his full job, can Congress return to governing?  What will you have done over the last two years for you to win our vote?  I don't want the 2018 Election to be about not being Trump.
I got antsy and wanted to go to bed.  I have Saccone up by 8 when all is said and done.  Therefore, I can't call it at all.  Absentee ballots will determine the results and we won't have all those until tomorrow.
@JoyAnnReid None of them are done.  Including Allegheny.  It's what it is.  I see no pattern here.  And if you look at a county map, most counties are conservative, including in this district.
@mitchellreports Conor Lamb wins by 530 votes. That's my call.  Though I'll admit absentee ballot counting is typically less predicable.
@JasonMillerinDC on @CNN has been right and wrong at the same time. He's right that the President was able to motivate the base to come out to vote, but he's wrong to look at that in a vacuum and not realize the President is the reason the race was close in the first place.
@JoyAnnReid Dems need to just take charge of their message.  They seem to be waiting for polls or some other opinion.  If they're listening to Americans, they should know exactly how to win votes and write policy. And no, it's not just saying they're not President Trump.
@guardian If you think drug dealers aren't already concerned about the possibility of death without this idea, then you're clueless.  This doesn't change anything.
@HuffPostPol Wasn't this in the same riff where he joked about Jared Kushner and watching Fox and Friends?  I understand this President has been different, but you can take anything out of context to sound horrible.
@HouseDemocrats You're correct, but please tell us your tax plan to fix the imbalanced budgets and help decline the growing income inequality in this country.  Just badmouthing the other side doesn't inspire anyone to vote for you if you have nothing to offer.
@davidfrum These tariffs are no more than market manipulation by affecting the prices of commodities. It's no different than holding raw materials on a barge off the coast until the price rises to gain the most amount of profit. These increase in prices will affect the customers directly.
@Tr0llL0l0 @mattmungan @jimmy_dore @YouTube I think you're both right here. Not all Democrats are bought off, but a significant amount have been corrupt and therefore must be held accountable. There are good Democrats out there and if we can, we should promote them aggressively to move this country forward.
@SenFeinstein Can we talk about how 7.5 is also too high? Comparatively it's better, but that's still a lot of murders.
@jasm_jo @thehill That's why they can't afford the special counsel. Though deficit spending seems to not be a problem anymore.
@mccbumgarner @thehill Yes! I saw the headline and you said the EXACT thing that went through my mind. Time will show true colors. Nothing has happened yet.
@VanityFair Short answer: He should be. Longer answer: With all of the things women had to go through since the beginning of time, they're a group of people (a large group, I hear) who will be coming with a force, as they should. Law of averages would say they should overtake men in power.
@NomikiKonst @dccc That was more of a rhetorical question, but at what point does the Democratic party learn? More and more I think they don't want to and that's why primary voting is even more important than the general election. All new blood. A time for new direction.
@NomikiKonst @dccc Well, that's embarrassing. Teenagers make more sense than grown adults. The future is bright, but how long until the future is now?
@KyleKulinski Citing deficits and failing public programs, House decides to rescind recent tax reform law and increase taxes on the top 1% in an effort to balance the budget and improve the general welfare.
@johniadarola @EmmaVigeland @BernieSanders Iowa huh? I presume Bernie approves of the corn tortilla. That's my guess.
@ClementeJoe55 @FoxNews @FoxFriendsFirst Agreed on the first part. I think this is a smallish blip. I do think there are some issues with the economy that aren't reflected in the stock market. I think there will be a larger dip in the later summer, early fall as we approach the midterms.
@RonPlacone I appreciate the offense you just took to book more Progressive candidates. It's not easy and I think you and @jimmy_dore and @miserablelib are doing an excellent job.
If you watch older @TheDailyShow clips with Jon Stewart and realize these topics are still applicable today, this mean we've not progressed as society and we need to look forward to make significant change.
@normative I've been hoping I've been paranoid about this apparent losing control of government. Americans need to understand that this is not a positive trend for the future.
@maggieNYT Good. An advisor is one thing, but forcing this fringe agenda to prevent immigrants, is frankly embarrassing.
@KyleKulinski Kyle, this is the figure I've been looking for when discussing income inequality. Thank you! But at the same time, we have some work to do as Americans. We can change this and fast.
@SenBlumenthal @SenWhitehouse @Twitter Senator Blumenthal, my only question is how does Twitter differentiate between an innocent Russian Twitter account talking about American politics and a sponsored account? It's a line were balancing.
@AnaKasparian It was a fantastic town hall. Must have been really special to be such a big part of this. Can't even fathom.
Rule number two: Make incumbents earn re-election. There's something seemly irreparable in Congress right now and the toxicity will not end until we get new people representing the people of America, not themselves or special interests.
Rule number one for elections in the near future: We are a free country. With these freedoms, we should not need to worry whether we're safe, or have enough money, or food. That should be a given. Any candidate that tries to scare you into voting for them is not who you vote for.
@politico He promised to unify and Congress can't be more divided.  America can't be more divided.  And the division is the lack of regard for consistent truths and facts.
@peterdaou Republicans have crafted a "compromise" they know Senate Democrats will not support. This is a political ploy to put the Democrats in bad light, but how do they fight back? Democrats aren't known to fight well and this might work for Republicans.
@peterdaou Since elections in this logic is a binary choice, then this is correct.  Elections shouldn't be binary. Hillary Clinton, though better than Trump, still wouldn't have resolved the issues that still stand today and that have been ongoing from Reagan, H.W., Clinton, W. and Obama.
@HuffPostPol Sounds like a 2020 Presidential challenger.  He knows something we don't and he's going to "lead" on economic politics.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics I'm not having it both ways at all. Government appears to be picking winners &amp; those winners are ones that have money already. I can't believe those that have 3 jobs aren't working hard to keep 3 jobs. How is there time to better yourself if you're working all of those hours?
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics I have and there is an exception to the rule. Also Dr. Ben Carson succeeded back when the government created the environment for opportunity. It's very different now that we're 30 to 40 years away from that.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics I don't want government to tell me how to live. We're supposed to be free. But I want to see the opportunity it there for the taking for everyone. Even those that may not realize it until a little later in life. Nobody is perfect.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics The government can set up the environment that allows for people to afford healthcare and can choose their career path no matter how poor their parents were or how little income they grew up with. Children shouldn't suffer if they had poor parents to perpetuate those problems.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics Government can't be the end all be all. People need to live their own lives, I also agree. But since the government exists, I think the government should be backing us up in day to day life. If that can't happen, I think there's a fundamental problem.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics I feel like the conversation drifted. Honestly, I think we can agree there are issues that need to be solved across the board. I don't think we have the right people in power, in either party, to accomplish this.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics No, government can never replace parents. Completely agree. I'm just saying at age 25, when you're working a couple of jobs to keep food on the table and a roof over your head because opportunity wasn't grabbed, this person shouldn't be stuck in that position forever.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics You're right about that. So we need to solve the problems earlier in lives. Better public education. Lack of sexual education results in higher pregnancy. Drug and alcohol abuse we all agree are things we're trying to resolve. Mental illness is often ignored. Strengthen these
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics Getting a better education than what? Not all people with low incomes have poor education. On the other side those with low incomes can't always afford trade schools or colleges. It all comes down to money and the answer can't be "you're poor, you don't matter, the end."
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics Being poor is not necessarily a result of bad decisions. There are jobs that need to be filled no matter what. The way wages are right now, some of these jobs are low paying. If the economy went bad and you or I lost our job, was that because of poor judgment?
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics If insurance isn't affordable &amp; isn't being provided from your job, I don't think we can blame people for choosing food, shelter, and clothing over insurance. Example before of a family with 2 kids under the age of 5: They can't make more than 34K, or else they're off Medicaid.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics It's not. I'm referring to those that hadn't been insured previous to getting sick. Of course if you have insurance and get sick, you're covered.
@lon23826489 @BreitbartNews Yes because this bank foresees the additional money in their coffers to pay their workers. And that's awesome. This is a positive example. I would hope all companies would do similarly.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics Is it a myth? To your point earlier about this being a business, it would be in the best business interest of an insurance company to either increase the cost or refuse to cover someone if that person is more likely to need insurance money. How else do you generate max profits?
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics It was covered, but it was super expensive. What's the point of having something available if you can't actually use it?
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics There can be a system in place for the American citizens to all benefit. I don't think in good conscience we can look at people who can't afford health insurance and tell them "tough luck, we won't do anything for you"
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics There's the challenge. The Medicaid limits are very low. The maximum household salary if you're a family with 2 kids under 5 amounts to a little over $34K per year. In my opinion, I don't see that as a family that has enough to budget medical expenses on top of the rest.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics We shouldn't! Insurance is a money making business. People should have the freedom to get the insurance they want, but we shouldn't deny coverage to those that simply can't afford it. There needs to be a program to cover all bases.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics This was for CHIP. It was to cover children who's families who made too much money for Medicaid but could afford to get healthcare either through their job or the plans locally available from the ACA.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics Yes, the individual mandate has been repealed, but that didn't guarantee healthcare coverage. In some areas it was less expensive to forgo insurance and pay into the pool. Also not a good thing and could be fixed.
@BreitbartNews To be fair, and I haven't looked deeply at the sources, some smaller companies will make good of the reform. But to insinuate other companies aren't doing PR (especially those with pending mergers) is simply not how the world works.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics Completely agree. I'm saying if they had a standalone bill, we wouldn't hear any issues because it'd be passed. It's a known program and can be proposed by Repubs and passed quickly. To your point, we wouldn't need this program if everyone was covered, but that's not the case.
@prosecutingUSA @CNNPolitics That may be true, but was it tethered to a much larger bill the Dems didn't like? I'm asking honestly. This sort of program should be a standalone bill because it can be supported by both sides.
@FoxNews @jasoninthehouse It's about maintaining capitalism and needing controlled capitalism. Capitalism without some controls leads to greater income inequality and resentment from the people. The tax plan removes controls.
@HuffPostPol Though their ideology may be reprehensible, a proper lawyer would separate that from their profession. In a similar vain, alleged murderers get representation. That doesn't mean the external bias of being against murder would sway the lawyer. It shouldn't, in the least
@EoinHiggins_ I'm just happy MSNBC knew Congress was in session. Or even that Congress exists.
@thehill Everyone in the government is turning on each other. Everybody in America, pay attention to your primaries. It's more important than ever to get everyone out of Congress and start anew. I don't care if you're liberal, moderate, or conservative, your incumbent isn't serving you.
@USAneedsTRUMP @BackupBookerT @FoxNews The assault was referring to the woman who was pregnant, not the unborn. This is a bigger issue when you think about it.  If detained long enough and if the baby is born, that baby is technically American. But the parent is at risk of deportation. Policy could force a burden.
@TPCarney @mattyglesias It will cut most people's taxes at first and it'll be felt in 2019 and 2020 in most people's tax refunds, just in time for the presidential and congressional elections. Then the taxes will increase for the middle and working class. It's all optics.
@brotha_clark @Reuters The best part about 2018 is there's no electoral college to overrule the will of the people. The worst part is we need to stave all of this off for 13 more months. A war would be way too costly in lives and possibly bankrupt our country. Can't deficit spend all the time.
@BillOReilly 100% correct on that one.
@thehill I think just as many should march if the tax plan is signed. This is not looking like a winning plan for the economy. It almost can push the economy over the edge with income inequality over the next year or so.
@swimguyny @thehill You're right. This investigation needs to be unbiased. At least he fired them.
@mcdonaldjoe @hardball @HardballChris Isn't it crazy? The media is discrediting themselves because they focus on this rather than the tax bill. Not saying there isn't anything to Russia, but this tax policy hearkens back to the robber barons of the 1920s.
@SenatorHeitkamp From the article from 2015, "I think we had already gotten this polarized view of Keystone," Heitkamp said. "Views were already really irrationally polarized on Keystone, and I used to say it all the time. I don't know why people overreact to this." Remember when 210K gal leaked?
@nycsouthpaw Is there a chance that some Democrats don't want to understand? Money in politics can do that.
@SpeakerRyan Also, median household income in America is around $59,000. So this larger figure indicated in the image advertised by the speaker will not be seen in the wallets of the majority of Americans.
@SpeakerRyan The biggest con of it all is everyone will generally get a cut, noticed on the 2019 and 2020 tax returns. Americans will have recent refunds fresh in their minds when going to vote in a presidential election and after the election, the taxes will increase again. Brilliant ploy.
@shielapul @cenkuygur @realDonaldTrump At minimum, I'm setting myself up for normal levels of outrage, if it were to happen. It's a little more complicated than the Comey firing and unless something big happens in the next week, I don't see it happening. However, I will never say "impossible". No one can.
@NomikiKonst @ThirdWayTweet @TYTPolitics @People4Bernie @RoseAnnDeMoro @makeNYTrueBlue @BernieSanders @TulsiGabbard @ninaturner @OurRevolution @jjz1600 @janekleeb The Democrats that are currently elected must start leading and not pointing fingers. People don't want to hear complaining and blaming the Republicans. I want legislation written and led by them. If they get turned away because they're the minority, so be it. Show action.
@cenkuygur @realDonaldTrump I really find it hard to believe that Mueller will be fired. If so, my fear is the administration has desensitized us. Even I tell myself some things aren't normal to make sure I don't normalize this whole thing. Also the MSM freaks out over EVERYTHING Trump, which doesn't help.
@GlossyBandits @HuffPostPol Sure, but I'd like to think since water is a basic need, a city could figure out how to make tough decisions on the budget to get all citizens such a basic need.
@GlossyBandits @HuffPostPol Sure, that makes sense, but I'm just saying I'd be shocked if all were coming in completely clean with the exception of Flint. Especially since it's been about 3 years with Flint's crisis and no resolution yet.
@HuffPostPol First, everyday people should be talking about the Flint water crisis until it's resolved. Second, this might not be the only American city with contaminated water. Third, Sinclair's growing strength may soon be a problem if they bury important news and blindly back any President
@NicolleDWallace I think the grasping for straws with ending this investigation is frustrating. It's as if donating to a campaign or a party means you're beholden to that party. By that logic, President Trump would be beholden to former Senator Hillary Clinton. Leave the investigation alone.
@aunick80 @thehill @NancyPelosi Yes, this! A message of only complaining is no message. What are the ideas? Nobody listens to complaining and pointing fingers. They need ideas to win election. Some have ideas, but this is bad leadership for the Dems right now.
@Billionaire128 @amjoyshow @LPeckerman @QuinnipiacPoll In reality, they only had 2 years until their shellacking in the 2010 mid-terms. They just moved very slowly because most reform takes time. Also, they weren't expecting to lose the majority in the House so quickly.
To keep it simple, Democrats should be happy with the win, but this is in no means a trend. It was a close election even with strong sexual abuse allegations. This is not to discount a Democrat win in a very unlikely state, but the Democrats need to continue to work.
@jaketapper That's true, but @GDouglasJones politics don't exactly mesh with the current Republican party.  Shelby was a Blue Dog.
@GDouglasJones @Alyssa_Milano @WoodfinForBham @UzoAduba Call me negative, but I think photo ops like this are hurting more than helping. Provide us a message. Please.
@joepenguionix @KyleKulinski I agree with both of you on all counts. Have your seatbelts fastened for tomorrow. It'll be closer than a typical Alabama election, but @GDouglasJones hasn't inspired voters the way he needed to.
@CNN @brianstelter It's not. It's a referendum on the Hillary Clinton strategy. Could it have worked with a different candidate. This is the same dynamics of the presidential election.
@RepAdamSchiff Fight the tax bill and fight net neutrality coming to an end. I know you have your job on this, but there are immediate issues and I believe you can stand on the correct side.
@NateSilver538 You know this. Polls are only as reliable as the participants. Roy Moore may have the ideology to vote for but people are embarrassed to admit it. You can also go very conspiratorial and say Moore voters are trying to guide the polls in the opposite direction to discredit them.
@elsuperperson @KyleKulinski He is. Good ideas that'll help people in Alabama. But he's not talking about that.
@KyleKulinski Bingo. I've been talking about this for a while. Doug Jones is pulling a Hillary Clinton. We saw how that worked for Hillary.
@WarOnDumb I complete agree. I think even sending Cory Booker down there was a stretch. Any connection to establishment in any fashion is not a winning recipe in this election and many future ones.
@mewp12 @thehill Or you could be referring to my spelling of "dryer" which was incorrect.  Dry areas do not become appliances and I'll agree with that.
@mewp12 @thehill Dry areas are less humid, especially in this area of CA. So with higher temps, more of the moisture that's in the ground evaporates into the atmosphere, which means it's drier on the ground. With low humidity and high temps, the moisture stays in the atmosphere.
@thehill Get rid of the word "could" and I'd be in complete agreement. Dry areas become dryer because of climate change.
@scottgriffinftw @VaughnHillyard @MooreSenate @GDouglasJones That's a good point. Thanks for the info. Makes sense to me. How about the enthusiasm for Jones? I get the impression Moore is more capable to inspire to get out the vote. Jones has been better over the last two days, but I wonder how much the late-ish rhetoric will help.
@thehill Here's a crazy idea for passing a bill. If you wrote a good bill that actually helped people, you'd have both sides vote in favor and therefore progress will be made. By doing everything which needs everyone to fall in line to succeed means the bill is terrible &amp; voters will know
@KGSProperties @FoxNews Agreed, these athletes can't help but understand and use the First Amendment. Good thing @TomiLahren loves the constitution. I say let people say what they want to say, it's not hurting anybody.
@rpkenn @TheEconomist I've seen the video of the hotel incident. It's heart wrenching &amp; immoral that some training has officers point guns first &amp; ask questions later. Lately prisoners are used for cheap labor, which creates a demand for prisoners in this system. We need many reforms. We can be better
@TheEconomist You could even argue the state of our democracy, as of right now, is not one to be emulated. Too much monetary influence in every decision made and not enough regard for the people.
@thehill Phil Bredesen is the known commodity and has succeeded in Tennessee elections before. He's the kind of known commodity the @DSCC would pull for. Bill Bailey's platform is more inline with people who can win the seat.
@Keds1250878727 @FoxNews @SpeakerRyan @CathyMyersWI @IronStache That's correct. That tells us he's not a leader. He's a follower. He listens to those who have the money and does that those few say rather than his constituents. Social security helps the economy. The rich will not be spending the "extra" money at the same rate.
@VaughnHillyard Madison is @MooreSenate country and Tuscaloosa is more @GDouglasJones country.  Madison is a larger population.  Edge to Roy Moore in my opinion, who has a motivated voter base.
@FoxNews @SpeakerRyan I pay into this system now for retired Americans to benefit and when I retire, others will pay for me to benefit. What are you going to do with the money I pay now, aside from making sure I don't reap the benefit in the future? @CathyMyersWI @IronStache
@RBReich We need people to go around the country and have one-on-one conversations with people. Listen and not lecture. People want to be heard and they want their representatives to listen and have a dialogue. Then and only then will this country move forward.
@NBCNightlyNews I'd like to know whether the average wages can be reported. Private organizations don't broadcast information, but I would think there could be an estimate. Yes, people were hired, but how many of these hirings are second or third jobs and are they for adequate wages?
Alert to all members of the news media: It is more important than ever to be correct or else the President will come after you in an attempt to discredit the media. This shouldn't be surprising, but stop rushing to report, getting it wrong, retracting. It shows weakness.
@washingtonpost @GDouglasJones needs to drive voter enthusiasm. I'm not currently in Alabama, but my impression is it's more anti-Roy Moore ads than pro Doug Jones ads. He needs to sell his ideas, but this sounds like he's following the @HillaryClinton strategy. We know that outcome.
@FoxNews It was an incorrect date that was overblown and then corrected. I think the media should stop talking about Russia until something of consequence arises. Meanwhile, there's a tax bill that hastily being written and end of net neutrality which are more significant to Americans
@thehill I've said it offline, but someone prove me wrong about this statement: Steven Bannon is the most powerful man in politics in America. There's no one else close and the left/progressives don't have anyone like this.
@amjoyshow @ghoshworld By taking essentially Jerusalem off the negotiation table, Palestinians are marginalized. Those with power are setting Israeli interests more significant than Palestinians. Only positive that might come of it is a hastening of peace talks. Israeli PM seems to have no interest.
@BenMank77 Actually spending on booze or movies positively impacts the economy, because the money is moving, rather than people sitting on almost $5.5 million dollars.
@mrdannyglover This is a very noble cause. Bails should be proportional and practical. With most Americans having less than $1,000 in savings, the current bail system dis-proportionally incarcerates lower income people, which can cause job loss and an endless cycle of poverty, even if innocent.
@thehill Let that in-fight take place, meanwhile @mitchellvice is the voice of true democracy and of the people. #UTSen
@TheDemocrats Are we running out of that much land that we need to enter protected lands? I'd like to fully understand the reason and why we can't avoid these lands at this time? 85% just seems like a big change, but some cutting may be fine. @CurtisUT, what's the plan?
I've had TV on the background all weekend and randomly flipping through twitter. Net neutrality is an enormous issue that needs to be discussed and I've yet to see anything about it. There's Russia, Billy Bush, and Trump gossip instead. Focus on what matters!
@JoeNBC The estate tax actually recognizes people sitting on almost $5.5 million dollars instead of circulating it in the economy. There's no direct investment in people nor products. Actually spending on booze or movies positively impacts the economy, because the money is moving.
@bchowell93 @CNNPolitics That's definitely a concern. But I feel like we've heard that narrative with Saddam Hussein and Muammar Gaddafi (to name a couple), and in hindsight it was for nothing.
@CNNPolitics Kim Jong Un does not want to lose control of his country. If Kim goes on the offensive, he knows he gets overthrown. If he's attacked, he's going to bring as much damage as he can to the region, since he knows his power will be gone. Kim is just showing North Korea has strength.
Mississippi State House District 54 Runoff TODAY: Randy Easterling &amp; Kevin Ford. Get out and vote in: Bentonia, Mayersville, Vicksburg, and Yazoo City! #MS #Mississippi
Mississippi State Senate District 10 Runoff TODAY: Neil Whaley &amp; Sharon Gipson. Get out and vote in: Byhalia, Coldwater, Holly Springs, Potts Camp, and Senatobia! #MS #Mississippi
@ABC I know this is juicy given it's a bunch of in-fighting, but with a tax bill vote approaching and the government needing to run, can we talk about how stretched thin Mick Mulvaney is? Its impossible to run CFPB and the OMB at the same time. Who interim head of OMB?
#Illinois State elections required you to file as a candidate by December 4, 2017 for the 2018 Election. Make decisions quick if you're looking to make a difference. As we've seen, a little effort goes a long way.
@ILSenDems @demsforillinois Is there anyway to confirm which State Senate and State House districts have candidates filed? I'd like to know whether I can poke around and find some more if need be, given the deadline to file is December 4, 2017 (next Monday)
@paulkrugman The principle behind tax cuts will generate growth in the economy, is if they go directly to the working class. Everyone needs food, water, shelter, clothing. The wealthy can just stuff the money away, since they're already buying those items. Money is a dead end under this plan.
@JoyAnnReid She said harassment is a problem, but this country has many problems that no one is paying attention to in addition to that one. She further explained the "more dangerous" quote. This is nonsense sensationalism on the back of a big name. (2/2)
@JoyAnnReid This is oversimplifying everything Susan Sarandon said. She thought saying you're a feminist shouldn't be necessary, as we're all equal. Obama wasn't perfect and Ms. Sarandon called those policies out. (1/2)
Mississippi State House District 54 Runoff this Tuesday 11/28: Randy Easterling &amp; Kevin Ford. Get out and vote in: Bentonia, Mayersville, Vicksburg, and Yazoo City!
Mississippi State Senate District 10 Runoff this Tuesday 11/28: Neil Whaley &amp; Sharon Gipson. Get out and vote in: Byhalia, Coldwater, Holly Springs, Potts Camp, and Senatobia!
@hiphopstaterep Rep. Bracy, Your perspective in wages and need for increase in public jobs is important in these days. Your vigor and fresh blood is needed in DC. I'd like you to consider to run for AL-1 and move to a national stage. @dccc @aldemocrats
@laseptiemewilay @JoyAnnReid @cnni Didn't the US also require RT to file as a foreign agent? More just seems like normal business. It's a business doing business abroad. That's how the world seems to work.
@paulkrugman To be more cynical, the delayed tax hikes on the middle class can also be used by Congress to blame the media of lying to the public because they have yet to feel the pain by midterms, and therefore help in their re-election, while further discrediting the media.
If @GDouglasJones is planning on closing out victory, he must talk about policy &amp; connect that to optimism for Alabama. Stay on that message for the rest of the campaign. Steps he'll take to make Alabama better. Negativity/no policy, Moore wins. Strength/positive will bring votes
@tmacbuckalew @NixBryan @MooreSenate I think it's the term "pro abortion" that @NixBryan is referring to. Pro-choice is the proper term, but you can't campaign being against "choice". Pro abortion makes it sound like people are eager to abort fetuses, which in reality is just a misleading phrase.
In a time when feelings are overtaking rationality in our political discourse, we must use the facts that generate feelings. We must see the other perspective without dismissing immediately as each of those thoughts/belief started with common ground before reasoning diverts.
@vivian_figures Senator, by having that conversation the way you did last month with a small group of students is exactly how everyone should communicate, as it'll lead to a greater chance for positive action. I'd like you to consider the AL-1 in the US House @dccc @aldemocrats
@NateSilver538 This is exactly the conundrum right now. It can be salvaged if they can convince Moore to not want to be a distraction and back Strange. Something tells me, that's not in the cards.
@Fern0947 @Byrd_Jr_ @joann3084 @carrieksada @JoeNBC I'm thinking this is in reference to state legislatures. Northam winning was supposed to happen. If he lost, the Dems would be more of a disaster.
@Kotick4Congress @MillieHerrera @USNCPP @rcevat69 @everybodyzzmama @dprite1 @realDonaldTrump @RalphNortham Conversations like this give me faith that our country will continue to move forward despite recent setbacks. We can and will be better.
Economics isn't an exact science, but @CNN you can't have two people debating the only the positive sides of supply side economics.
@MichiganDems @MIHouseDems @DanaDziedzic MI-108 was very close in '16. Primary for MI-109 can help get names for MI-108 out there. #Michigan
MI-109: Sara Cambensy, Tom Curry, Joe Derocha, and Jeremy Hosking in the Democratic (@MichiganDems) primary on August 8. #Michigan
MI-109: Rich Rossway (@rosswayrich) is unopposed in the Republican primary on August 8. #Michigan
MI-109: This primary matters for citizens in: West Ishpeming and the Villages of #Chatham and #Newberry #Michigan
MI-109: This primary matters for citizens in: #Gwinn, #Harvey, K.I. Sawyer, #Michigamme, #Palmer, #Republic, Trowbridge Park... #Michigan
MI-109: This primary matters for these townships: #Skandia, #Thompson, #Tilden, #Turin, #Wells, West Branch... #Michigan
MI-109: This primary matters for these townships: #Negaunee, #Onota, #Pentland, #Republic, #Richmond, Rock River, #Sands... #Michigan
MI-109: This primary matters for these townships: #Limestone, #Manistique, #Mathias, #McMillan, #Michigamme #Mueller #Munising... #Michigan
MI-109: This primary matters for these townships: #Germfask, Grand Island, #Hiawatha, #Humboldt, #Inwood, #Lakefield... #Michigan
MI-109: This primary matters for these townships: Au Train, #Burt, #Champion, #Columbus, #Doyle, #Ely, #Ewing, #Forsyth... #Michigan
MI-109: This primary matters for these cities: #Ishpeming, #Manistique, #Marquette, #Munising, and #Negaunee. #Michigan
MI-1: This primary matters for those in Harper Woods, Grosse Pointe Woods, parts of #Detroit and Village of Grosse Pointe Shores. #Michigan
#Michigan State Special Election Primaries for MI-1 and MI-109 on Tuesday August 8.
@RepTomMarino You're completely right that we need all people to have access to kidney healthcare. I also think this should translate to all care. Agree?
@TheMartyFlynn, I think your voice would be very strong against Tom Marino in 2018. Your budget piece is the truth. @RepFlynn @PADems @dccc
Thoughts and prayers are with John McCain and his family. A maverick in so many ways. Nothing will ever will stop him from serving America.