@Sandra66146985 I am single an sentiment.  Jim
Jim https://t.co/86KstGzXr8
@Sandra661
@Sandra66146985  Sandra,  I love dance.  Jim
OM Mantra – Why should we Chant this Powerful Mantra? https://t.co/pmm7PvFvxK via @imeditativemind
Batın Berr - Derinse Hislerim https://t.co/4f9mNrehS5 via @YouTube
She floated to them and they all held each other for a very long time.
Holding her father's hand and in Standing Fern's other hand she held a wide eyed and happily excited Cornblossom's.
Cherokef opened her eyes and saw a smiling Standing Fern poised on a large rock in front of a beautiful falls,
'Mother here' yelled Standing Fern'  I want to show you something.'
With a smile on her lips she lay upon the body of her child and pulled some sticks over her body as the darkness started to overcome her.
She knew she had been successful because she felt the blood in her mouth as it started to fill her chest.
She held the knife in her two hands and pointed the blade at her chest where she knew her heart lay and quietly broke the skin and felt it puncture her insides.
He had said that had been passed down for many generations and was held as being very sacred.
It was a beautiful knife that her husband had given her with a beautiful bone handle and a stone blade.
She raised her cloth dress and reached for the knife that she kept there hid from the soldiers..
Cherokef stood over the burning wood saying the necessary prayers and then kneeled in front of the flames.
As she prayed she kindled the sparks in her pouch so that parts of the dried wood started to smoke and then finally fire appeared and the wood started to burn.
Cherokef had prepared a much larger pyre for Standing Fern's funeral.
The trail of wagons was gone now and all that was left was the trail of the wagons and the path of footsteps and blood from that trail to where Standing Fern's body lay.
All during the night she gathered up the sticks that were needed and by daylight she had enough.
When she awoke it was dark and she what she must do now.
Cherokef continued her wailing and screaming as she brought Standing Fern to another spot on the parched earth with her last ounce of strength and fell over her exhausted and quiet.
They reluctantly  and sadly responded to her wishes and continued on their path.
Two women moved off the wagon trail to help but she stopped screaming enough to thank them and then ordered them back saying that the situation was beyond earthly help.
She could see the sad eyes of her people as they passed by.
This was too much for Cherokef as she dragged Standing Ferns mangled body out of the moving wagons path.
'Oh daddy I love you too' answered Standing Fern.
'I love you my little Standing Fern'  answered her father.  'Cornblossom and your mother will join us and then we can be a family again here in the land of the Great Spirit.'
'Oh daddy I missed you so much' said Standing Fern to her father who stood there smiling just like he always had.
That was because she hovered above the wagon as it passed by.  Then she felt her father's hand in hers and now they were standing by a beautiful water fall.
It really didn't hurt and she certainly didn't feel the other hooves dig into her little body or the wheel as it crushed her head.
She heard 'standing Fern' just as she felt the horses hoof behind her striking her head.
Then she heard her mother scream....
She really wanted to join her sister and father in the land of the Great Spirit and wondered to herself just how that might be possible.
The creaking rattles of the wagons wheels along with the clop and splash of the horses hooves behind her kind of disappeared into the background.
She had this terrible feeling that she was responsible for her beloved sister's death and now she was hearing a voice calling her name.
Standing Fern really wasn't feeling well.
Her mother who always spoke kindly to her now seemed to walk along in a trance mumbling and had not really said a word.
Everything look felt the same.   The Native Americans had the same sad faces and the soldiers kept the same expressionless look on their faces.
And though she could not see where the stream of wagons began or ended it seemed just like the wagon train had been standing still all the while.
The whole terrible event to Standing Fern had seemed like a very long time,
After her mother had started Cornblossom's death fire they stayed for a while and then walked back to join the trail of wagons which was still moving along.
All she knew was that she did not feel well and felt very warm all the time although it was quite cold outside..
She knew somehow that she was nearing the end of her young life but she did not know how it would end.
There was a very strange buzzing sound in her head that had started since the beginning of this horrible event.
Standing Fern had seen quite a few of these prepared and burnt in the past several weeks now she was preparing one for her beloved sister.
With this said they silently walked around gathering bits of wood for the use of a pyre.
'Come dear' said Cherokef  'we must prepare your sister's earth body for its removal from this horrible place.'
Cherokef stood and held Standing Fern in her arms for a long while.
Then she turned to her daughter who was now standing silently above Cherokef with a look of total horror as she looked down at her sister's mangled and bloody form.
Then Cherokef kneeled over the little girl and repeated prayers that would carry her little soul to the arms of her husband who she knew awaited them all.
And gently placed her on the ground.
Her sister Standing Fern couldn't stop from screaming as she and Cherokef who carried the limp body from the trail of wagons to a parched field,
Drag the mangled muddied and bloodied little four yours old from the path of the wagons.
Cherokef screamed but none of the wagons stopped and several ran over the before Cherokef could,
On her shoulders piggy back slipped and fell in a rut throwing Cornblossom under the wheels of a passing wagon killing her instantly.
Then the worst happened.  Standing Fern who was walking the best her eleven years could walk carrying Cornblossom,
The Cherokee slave offered to help but was then beaten by the soldiers for interfering.
And had to share the carrying with Standing Fern who was having her own problems.
She could no longer constantly carry Cornblossom who could no longer walk because of her bleeding feet,
She was becoming weak from the life of blood and the cold.
Now it was Cherokef who was in a battle for her life and the life of her children.
Killing them as they ran begged huddled together and screamed and pleaded for life.
In total they horribly murderer and mutilated these Chickamauga Cherokee women and children that had been trapped underneath the Ywahoo Falls,
They also cut the bellies open of the pregnant.
He was a Franklinite an organization whose sole purpose was to commit genocide on the Cherokee Nation.
And children including the young female children was 'nits make lice'.
His war cry as they murdered the old men and raped murdered and scalped all the women,
By the United States government war department and governor of the territory called Hiram Big Tooth Gregory.
This was a terrible massacre by Kentucky white invaders led by a depraved individual who was sanctioned,
Protecting a group of one hundred and fourteen Cherokee old men women and children.
Standing Fern and Cornblossom were named for two brave War Women Chiefs who were killed in 1810 at Ywahoo Falls,
And had to be Cherokef and her oldest daughter Standing Fern.
In fact her youngest daughter Cornblossom known as Selu-Sa-tah of four years could no longer walk,
Because the moccasin boots that they all wore had worn out and they were now walking barefoot.
The weather had become colder and Cherokef's and her two daughter's feet had become bloody,
Several weeks later they were still walking west.
She grabbed the hands of both girls a little more tightly now.  Somehow they must all survive this tragedy.
His words rang in Cherokefs ears.  'I will not let my love down' she thought.  'I will remember every word and pass it down to them.'
If I am killed tell the girls who I was and my family history.  If I know this I can die in peace.'
They are too many and we have become from our battles and sickness too few.
Our chiefs are trying to convince them it is a bad idea but the whites will win this battle like they have all the others.
I am told they will try to send us West towards the setting sun.
It will not be long before Jackson will be here with hes soldiers to remove us.  You and the girls must be brave if I do not survive.
'Beware he would say the whites want all of our cultivated farms and houses that we have built here.
As she walked along she remembered the warnings that her husband had been giving her for the last few seasons.
The three of them with nothing but the clothes they wore were being sent on a journey into the unknown.
Cherokef grabbed her oldest daughters hand and pulled her along as she walked down the dusty road toward the center of her village.
++ https://t.co/8nWbZbljrd
Notley #CanUX #Worlds2017 #NationalSandwichDay #NSNDP17 #PCMB2017 #WhatSexyIsToMe #crcjhr https://t.co/6TV9KR8kQE
I have been a slave to them since I was a young boy I know no other life."
These soldiers would shoot me dead as well if I question them.  They do not consider us human at all.
The three of you with others are moving to a new land.  I an sorry about your husband but as you can see I have no power.
'Mother' said the interpreter 'please hastens your children along the road."
There was a Cherokee slave with them and was acting as the soldier"s interpreter.
Had objected and was immediately shot dead by the soldiers'
Her husband Attakullaculla who fought with  Andrew Jackson years earlier in the Battle of Horseshoe Bend,
The white Chief Andrew Jackson has ordered her village town to assemble here.
She knew that her husband's killer was telling the black slave to start working their land.
She will have to wait for a more appropriate time.
How could she tell them that their father was murdered by the white man pointing at us?
Cherokef tried very hard to be brave in front of her children.
'Where is daddy mother why isn't he here?"
'I do not know what that man is saying dear try your best to be still and continue to hold your sisters hand.'
'Why is he pointing to us and that black man?'
'Mother what is that man saying?"
Nunna daul Tsuny
A slight smile came to her lips as she stepped off the edge and disappeared below.
Beneath her was a very deep canyon whose darkness reflected the fact that the sun's rays had not yet lighted it up.
She stood up and walked towards the edge of the ledge.
Eventually her mind went blank and she fell asleep.  Medincin opened her eyes as the rays of the rising sun shined upon her face.
There she threw herself on the ground sobbing incessantly.
Medincin started to run and she continued to run for about an hour until she nearly reached the peak of the mountain she lived on.
And as she approached the clearing she saw the demons of the hairs white men attacking her friends tearing at their throats.
Now as she approached her mountain community she could hear the barking of demon creatures,
The stories were true oh her poor darling daughter and adoring husband were gone to the spirit God in a horrible way.
She could not stop crying as she made her way up the mountain path through the dense foliage.
Then she became sick and decided to leave as the vomit spewed from her mouth.
Medincin started to cry silently for she feared being discovered .
She saw her daughters hand on the table because she recognized the ring she had carved herself and given her.
And hanging also were their arms and legs that had been cut off.
In her horror she saw her husband's and her daughter's head hanging from a hook,
The devils were the hairy white men and the demons were their animal creatures that they dressed in armor.
Now as she peeked between the leaves she knew what she had heard was the truth.
She could not believe beings could do the things she had heard.
That was many suns ago and then the terrible stories started to come.
Now to her utter horror she knew the stories they had heard were true.
But to be safe she stayed off the main road and took a back path that was rarely used instead.
Since Medincin had not heard from him she also decided to see for herself.
Her daughter had grown up in a paradise as had all them and she knew nothing of fear.
She hadn't seen her daughter and was now afraid she decided to tag along after her father.
Medincin's husband decided to find out himself and asked a few friends to come along.
Other stories were that the devils were locking villagers in huts and burning them alive.
Hanging the parts on hooks and selling them to other devils so they could feed their demons.
Were eating the villagers alive.  This devil and his helpers were also cutting off the villager's arms legs and heads,
Word had been passed along that the devil had arrived in the village at the base of the mountain and his demons,
They had been hearing rumors for some time now and did not believe them.
That she could ever imagine.  She had come down from her mountain home to find her husband and several friends who had not come home.
Medincin  -  Medincin peaked through the heavy green leaf foliage and gazed upon a scene that brought to her the deepest horror,
Columbus's son neglected to mention how the Spanish punished those whose token bad expired, they cut off their hands.
With a fresh token a Native American was safe for three months much of which time would be devoted to collecting more gold.
As proof that he had made his payment.  Any Native American found without such a token was to be punished.
Whenever a Native American delivered his tribute he was to receive a brass or copper token which he must wear about his neck,
All other were each to pay 25 pounds of cotton.
In the Cibao where the gold mines were every person of 14 years of age or upward were to pay a large hawk's bell of gold dust;
The Native Americans all promised to pay tribute to the Catholic Sovereigns every three months as follows;
Ferdinand Columbus described how it worked;
Disfigured the person was sent back to his village as living evidence of the brutality the Spaniards were capable of.
When a Native American committed even a minor offense the Spanish cut off his ears or nose.
To ensure cooperation Columbus used punishment by example.
They demanded food gold spun cotton and whatever else the Native Americans had including sex with their women.
When Columbus and his men returned to Haiti in 1493 with 1200 to 1500 men cannons crossbows guns cavalry and attack dogs,
Only seven or eight of the Native Americans arrived alive.
On his first voyage Columbus kidnapped some ten to twenty five of these peaceful Native Americans and took them back with him to Spain.
Conquered a non-warlike race of people for gold slaves and lust for sex with very young boys and girls.  (Loewen)  (De Las Casas)
They were the Spanish and Portuguese explorers of the new world who with the blessing of the Catholic Church,
It  was the holocaust that consumed over forty million people who were ruthlessly and horribly murdered in a period of forty years,
I
This fist wave of darkness concerns one of the greatest and almost unbelievable secrets the world has ever kept.
Carrying the flag of the Christ as their justification to worst holocaust in the history of the world.
Of the Spanish Crown and with the blessing of the Catholic Church Spaniards and Portuguese militants.
In the years after 1492 there came across the Atlantic Ocean to the Americas a force of humanity sailing under the protection,
The Red Holocaust
We must return this holy God"s place to these people.  They have suffered long enough.
For this is where their will individually and collectively was attuned to Wakan Tanka The Ideal Good Life.
Somehow our government must make this right and allow this race to return to	their church and walk the Red Road,
And a white American president do to a defeated nation of nation of non-white Native Americans?
What else would an unconscious white American government filled with religious hatred of non-whites,
To this day ownership of the Black Hills remains the subject of a legal dispute between the U.S. government and the Sioux.
Its battle the Sioux in the Black Hills until the government confiscated the land in 1877.
Concerning this area and cheated the Native Americans out of their church and to this day refuse to give it back.
It seems in 1874 the United States as was its custom of treating Native Americas since inception broke all previous treaties,
The United States government committed one of the most heinous of crimes.
Called the Oglala Lakota who through their suffering have become the voice for many tribes who have lived there;
But on a land called South Dakota which is taken from slang expression for the Native American people who live there,
Unfortunately we have not honored their spiritual place of worship. Instead we have degraded it like we place their people.
Or Kepler determined the elliptical orbit of our earth.  In any case this was these peoples churches.
How might they have known this knowledge long before Copernicus determined that the earth orbited the sun,
That indicated the locations of those stars mentioned above.
So for thousands of years Native Americans have walked this honoring their great spirit and stopped along the path exactly at centers,
Takes as it moves counter clockwise precessing through the constellations of the ecliptic covering a period of twenty six thousand years.
This actual geographical site verified by astronomers (Giese) consists of a path that mirrors the same path that our sun,
This spiritual center was created by indigenous people who populated the area for thousands of years.
The Pleiades Rigel Sirius Castor-Pollux Auriga B and Capella. Giese
Are you aware that in the Dakotas Black Hills there is a Native American center called the Sacred Hoop that is traced by certain stars;
Suppression of Religious Freedom.  What We Thought By Amendment One of the Constitution.
Would go intentionally unnoticed by any civil authority right up to the present day.  Loewen 128 - 129
Which carried with them the knowledge that the murder or mistreatment of men women and children of Native American heritage,
In addition there was a great amount of genocidal murderous action committed either by individuals or mobs,
Who became empowered by this government's intentional absence.
That is either prior to or after the formation of the United States or were committed by individuals.
The majority of these genocidal acts were either committed by those employed by the government in charge at the time,
That led to the suppression slavery or murder of millions of Native American man women and children
That led to the suppression slavery or murder of millions of Native American man women and children.
Every corner of United States territory over the last four hundred years has experienced countless acts of brutality and mutilation,
Amazingly this genocide is little known America.
And the encompassed total of all other genocidal acts combined during the twentieth century.
A policy of genocide whose scope reaches beyond and overwhelms the policies of Hitler Stalin,
The Red Apocalypse -  During the past five hundred years there took place on the North Central and South American Continents,
You will read within how the Island of Haiti when Columbus arrived had an estimated population of three million on this island alone.
At present we have situated in the corners of every state of our country the remains of what once was a mighty nation of people.
As I have been unconscious of their plight during most of my life until awakened by a college professor in 2004.
Nor have I studied much of their history before writing this book,
To my knowledge I do not have any Native American blood in my ancestry,
Introduction - This work concerns the people of Native America and their suffering over the past five hundred years.
Had our paths not crossed this book would not have been written.
The centuries of suffering the indigenous people of North America have endured.  He prefers to remain anonymous.
This book is dedicated to a brilliant yet humble and blessed professed who revealed to my consciousness,
A SHORT ACCOUNT OF THE DESTRUCTION OF NATIVE AMERICA   James E Ainsworth
It affects my language.  James A Ainsworth
I have no idea how long it will take for someone to read to the above.  I have aphasia.  Aphasia does not affect my thinking or intelligence
The one in which we have lived loved and prayed throughout out life and at times wondering if this is all there is...
The Dense Physical - So at last we have come home to our present reality.
Most important you experience nearness to the creator in the form of a love that cannot be described on these pages continually and forever.
Your life spans to billions of years and your learning adventures never end not even when this universe ends.
Or you might say within a second for you are not dragging around either your physical or astral bodies..
You have the ability to move from one part of the galaxy or universe instantly,
When then you can touch feel see hear smell make love and every single thing you can do in the dense physical or the emotional only more so.
It can be seen through the imagination or eyes of the soul.
Although invisible to the spirit looking through either astral or dense physical eyes,
Yes it has form as real as the dense physical and the emotional astral heaven only more so.
Let us now explore this plane of mind.
And at which time is the primary incarnate on our planet.
However at this point in human evolution this is but a lesson for that third which will be moving on to the next class,
They draw other like atoms which weakens the etheric structure and will eventually cause its failing.
Lodged there empowered by the closeness of the dense physical and further away from the healing power of the spirit"s love,
Form back to its origins that are the planet itself.
Therefore are lodged in the etheric construction. Their purpose is to draw the dense physical,
Since they are negative or you might say planetary the atoms they consist of are drawn to the dense physical and,
These thought forms consisting of atoms are forms mostly that you have created and are now responsible for.
These actions or causes were implanted there as lessons that would have the desired effects.
That were the basis for many actions taken not only in the present life but also remaining unresolved from many past lives.
In the mind consciousness there lays many human thought forms. Included here are the negative thought forms,
With this mental plane as the relationship between the two is the basis for various organic body disorders.
Although all of the planes mentioned are intertwined with the mental plane the etheric has a very important connection,
If this damage continues the whole will become unstructured and tend to weaken scatter and eventually disappear.
Upon losing their ability to stay centered and continue with their evolution.
Ability to remain etherically structured is weakened and the larger non-organic life fife forms will move on,
When a non-organic creation's form becomes damaged in the dense physical this  form"s mental consciousness":s,
And the astral emotional form containing the organic form"s consciousness will slip out to remain only on the astral emotional plane.
If an organic creation"s form is damaged in the dense physical by disease age or injury then the etheric form is also damaged,
And acts as the framework in anchoring the form to the dense physical.
This plane that is a very light green in color permeates all physical objects in the  universe including human form,
The first plane to be discussed is the Etheric Plane which is located between the astral emotional plane and the dense physical.
For unconditional love for all beings.
Therefore for us we must always summarize to grasp this concept in order to understand the requirement,
Energizes these different planes simultaneously to the exact degree necessary so in fact it is very complicated.
You see spirit which is life or the Creator Itself and which permeates everything everywhere,
To the extent of each individualized spirit;'s spiritual evolutionary status.
Whether organic or non - organic energizing all life throughout out galaxy and the universe.
It flows to the center entering all life forms and flows outward through each being's open chakras.
In doing so it manifests all forms of life organic and non-organic on and within our planet and every planet sun and galaxy the universe.
This flow of spirit from positive to the negative.
This flowing towards the center is life itself (spirit) carrying the life force that permeates all aspect of existence.
Being existence itself.
Now imagine that actuality those rays are radiating towards the earth's center from everywhere as the Creator is everywhere,
However the best way to look at it to imagine the earth radiating rays outward like the sun.
Now all of this appears to be very complicated form of energy supply.
All the while it was in a human body.
Instead when discarding the organic body it now simply resides only on the astral emotional plane on which it has existed,
A spirit who's human or another species does not rise to its Heaven when it discards its organic physical form.
Understand that each plane overlaps and permeates the other from the mental to the physical so there really is no downward movement.
That is etherically constructed of each physical plane of existence and into the spinal cord of each being manifested on earth.
Energy (atoms) from each plane flows or you might say enters through what you might call a cord.
Revolving petals the color depending upon level you are viewing.  Their outward flowing colors your aura.
They are called this because when seen with clairvoyant (soul) sight which is your imagination they appear as flowing outward,
On earth our humans are presently operating on seven of these openings. In Hindu Yoga these openings are called Chakras or Lotus Petals.
And graduate upwards until the fourteenth plane has been reached.
In our present galaxy there are fourteen of these openings starting with lowest plane
You might say that opens the form you are experiencing at the time.
There is in each and every one of us organic beings a group of energy openings that constitute the bridge or door,
Plants have cells with atoms and molecules and so are evolving just like you and me.
Plants do have feelings you know.
It may take eons but who is counting.  The point is we must respect all life and that is what unconditional love is all about.
That spider is a spiritually evolving life form and will eventually be a human being.
That is why we must be conscious of and respect all life forms on this planet.
All creatures think, perhaps not as much as you, but they do think about what is important to them.
Ever notice the spider looking at you ready to hide if it knows you are after it.  Yes that is right, if it knows.
Through a natural scene not touched by humans is like walking through an enchanted forest.
Eventually I could define faces and forms on boulders and mountains so that even now walking,
But this was my first real experience reflecting the truth of this notion.
I had read during my spiritual research of various materials and books that the earth and rocks were alive,
Although stunned by the suddenness and magnitude of this vision I also became fascinated by what happened.
Which I could clearly see each one touching the stone.  I removed my hand and at that same instant the vision vanished.
Filling my eyes and displaying a line of Native Americans passing by	me while walking towards the harbor,
Suddenly in three dimensional colors a vision opened up in front of me,
Smooth surface of one of these boulders.
I happened to stop to look at a placid harbor scene beyond and in doing so	placed my hand on the weathered,
The other persons passing by,
At the layout of large boulders placed there by the Native Americans forming solstice lines which were unknown by ninety nine percent of,
One day while walking through an ancient Native American holy ground overlooking the Atlantic Ocean marveling,
And clues dropping into my life did I come to the realization that everything really is alive..........................
Although I knew since childhood that all the bugs worms and so on were alive it was only later as an older adult after many examples,
And when this happens all human organic existence ceases to exist on the planet.
Cycle has been completed the human race entity will move on to the mind plane,
And the emotional plane during the time of human evolution but when this human spiritual consciousness evolutionary,
One should know that our human consciousness cycles back and forth from the earth's physical plane,
Dies its spirit will move on and it;s organic body will dissipate as does a human when it passes on.
This action is also fixed and the importance of this can be summarized by the fact that if our planet,
That is extracted from our planet Earth,s body causes our planet pain and endangers its span of life.
Every mine that is dug on this planet to extract fuel and minerals and every drilled on this planet along with every other ounce of matter.
And this etheric form acts as a construction support and anchors the spirit consciousness within the dense physical form om our planet,
And a physical etheric form  on the etheric sub-plane which is located between the emotional astral plane and the dense physical plane,
This is because each and every one of these forms also has a form on the emotional plane,
Whether it is a rock a fluid a plant an insect a fish or an animal feels physical pain and feels emotion.
The Evolutionary Ladder  All things feel emotion.  Every single thing that you see on this planet,
It is this particular miracle that is an available gift for the evolving human.
That is only one of the miracles of this reality we reality we really live in.
And you really know without a doubt that it is Brahman the one God, the Creator.
That is right just you and God communicating one on one,
You can establish a one on one personal relationship with this Brahman Creator God.
The greatest thing about knowing this is that once you clear the clutter that is occupying your mind,
This third factor leaves only one answer, that there is no beginning only Brahman or the Creator God.
Must have learned through experience how to create this form.
And the third is that the consciousness of the incarnated spirit that is doing the creating.
The second is that each requires a purpose serving the Creator.
The first is that all of these forms have a common denominating construction correspondence:
There are three overriding factors in all of this work creating forms through manifestation or drawing together matter.
This correspondence continues whether they are creating a universe a galaxy a sun a planet a human a mouse or an atom.
They have done this to learn through their experience.
That have a consciousness to form the dimensions that are called mind emotion and dense physical.
So we basically have evolved spirits that have individualized and who using matter consisting of atoms,
They are however in their entirety three separate evolving spirits who have incarnated to serve our Creator for to exist as humans.
Each of these three groupings mind emotions and physical are commonly called and appear to be dimensions standing on their own.
Each of these three planes is separated only by the density of their atoms such as air and water.
The rest is filled by a physical plane of atoms called mind.
Finally, except for the dense physical and physical emotional plane of atoms partially filling a small portion of this space,
And secondly our big bang is not the only universe.
Creation and the Law of Karma.  First of all let me say in our universe there is no such thing as empty space,
And was built according to a plan which is the same plan that is duplicated millions of times throughout our galaxy and universe.
This evolved human consciousness is a product of millions of years of organic evolutionary building,
With the human being these parts have to be organic living things that are drawn together by the cooperation of an evolved consciousness.
Who are about ready to move on to a new existence have gone through previously.
This path that they are about to graduate from is the same one that we human,
Their love comes purely from the spirits that they have individualized through eons of incarnations.
That is because they do not have the human condition blocking the flow of spiritual light and love.
Ever notice how human they seem to act sometimes and how much they love unconditionally and will even save human lives.
Our innocents are those friends  of ours that we have been grooming through various incarnations to become human and now they have chance.
In fact you might have even given your life to save living thing's life.
Uncle aunt nephew niece or any other human what have you loved more.
Include everything whether you are a male female youngster oldster other than your family or a girlfriend boyfriend father mother child
Think about this.  In your lifetime what living thing have you loved sometimes more than anything else.
Which is a good sense coming from the heart.  I will give you a hint, think kittens.
The answer actually is quite simple and it doesn't take much thinking using common sense,
So knowing this should give you the clue as to the innocent's origin.
That at one time in the distant past evolved as a human being.
To grasp this one must understand however that a human race is in itself a highly evolved spiritual being,
So exactly where might these innocents who incarnated in our past starting our own human cycle on earth have come from?
And filters through our thoughts and emotions to express and when you feel this love you are feeling what I call God.
If we do experience the power of love it has flowed from our spirits that have individualized as the sun shines rays from our Creator,
That is where our love comes from.  It does not come from our brains.
Since we now know that love is an aspect of our Creator this will tell us that our innocents being spirit must also be love itself.
Now let us consider where the innocents might have come from.
Which will allow them to find the liberation and freedom as a result.
It is only by this action will they clean their karmic slates enabling them to proceed with acts of Dharma,
Of the causes they have previously taken.
Actually it is just the opposite.  It is they who carry the Karma that they are seeking to have lifted off of them by suffering the effects
Well these fallen angels do not come down with battle axes and swords.
Therefore they will have to wait until the new cycle begins and we all know now who has begun a new cycle, the innocents.
Will have not achieved liberation or freedom from physical existence.
You will have known that one third of the spirits learning human existence at the end of each of these cycles,
You see every evolutionary cycle of the human race has a beginning and end, and if you have read my past works,
Rather they are simply spirits who are in the process of wrapping up their stint in human spiritual evolution.
No they have not been sent by a wrathful god to punish mankind for their sins.
There awaiting their turn in this scheme are the teachers of Karma, alias the fallen angels.
Until all its lessons are learned and then moves on to its next class room.
For not only are we not alone , but the body of the human race reincarnates as does the body of a human being over and over again,
Once awakened, the spirit realizes the foolishness of that notion and puts it aside a shoe with a hole in its bottom.
That we conceive such a notion believing that we are alone in this vast creation of our Creator.
It is thinking like this, unable to see the truth because we are caught up in a continuing cycle of in and out of incarnations,
We are only that dense physical body containing flesh blood and bones,
That were purposely delivered to us to evolve our consciousness that we the spirits believe and think,
It is only through our earthly human concepts captured and hidden in a time framed by previous thoughts,
Or you might say step in the spiritual web of universal spiritual evolution and existence.
Not only are we not alone in our universe, we are a major and necessary component,
It also exists throughout our universe.
To understand what comes next one must know that not only is the human existence throughout out galaxy and on on countless planets,
I never have intentionally used that method again.
I was drawn back into my body opened my eyes and looked at the clock, 3:15pm,
I looked at the clock by my feet and saw the time, 3:15pm.
I accomplished the feat twice.  The first time I came out to the sound of a load bang and found myself rolling across the floor.
To leave my body to see if it could be done,
When I was thirty three living in on the west side of Manhattan New York I decided to use an ancient Tibetan method,
The seven stars of the Pleiades is the foot or negative center.
The seven stars of the Pleiades is the foot or negative center.
Those constellations are the seven stars of the Great Bear which is the head or positive center,
And manifests its physical body in our physical universe as three constellations.
The identity of one being which has been given to me to write here and one of which we are a part is the most advanced that i know of,
It is instantaneous completely truthful and cannot be disguised in any way.
In the etheric, astral and mental dimensions thought is used.
This area that vocal cords are only for communication in the dense physical.
You can also ask me Yes/No questions and I can answer by nodding my head.
I point to the symbols in this communication book to let you know what I have to say and need.
It is good to keep in mind when contemplating,  I have Aphasia and cannot speak well with words but I can understand you.
All that I have listed above have a consciousness and the ability to respond intelligently.
Have chosen  to return to assist those innocents left behind in two additional cycles.
For those that attained liberation yet after a period of time drawn by love and caring,
And forgetting who you are and where you have come from.  This is why it considered a sacrifice,
That will occur to you as you move over and over again into the astral and back to the physical constantly experiencing,
Upon entering you will be moved about as if a leaf in a stream or a boat adrift in an ocean at the mercy of the currents and calamities,
You have chosen to be a participant in the dense physical's evolution scheme which includes the astral.
To do this one must choose the form with the awareness that once this is done,
One cannot participate in either without becoming encased in an etheric form whose longevity is much more limited.
Although one can observe happenings in the physical and the astral from the mental,
It is mostly unnoticed as mental physical life forms in mental bodies can last for billions of years there.
Time is easily measured in the dense physical, but is less apparent in the astral and although present in the mental,
You are looking into beginning of time as you a human know it to be.
Although you have not entered it let it encompasses all of your vision.
Let us stand facing the very beginning of spiritual evolution on earth.
However before we explore our next solar system let us at least partly understand to clarify that which we are leaving.
Your leaving this time will be one of wonder and beauty and the greeting you receive will be beyond you're greatest imaginings.
In the Dharma state your cause and purpose is positive and directed towards the spirit.
But understand that leaving your body in a Dharma state when it is your time to leave is much different that leaving it in a Karma state.
The spiritually evolving human being,
And created what can only be called a classroom for the purpose of spiritual evolving to produce as an end result,
One of these great beings is our humanity and another if the great being who has desired,
All the necessary elements that allows our universe to build and create all that exists.
Now think of  these rays of God consciousness flowing inward from God in all sections of the universe carrying,
But instead think of these rays of God flowing from everywhere inward towards the center of the sun.
To imagine this think of the sun and its rays spreading outward,
One of these great beings is our humanity,
From the great to the small.
This God consciousness develops into what are called rays according to flows through the consciousness of beings,
This is simply a flow of mental atoms and molecules that is actually the consciousness of God.
It is important to note here that this negativity flowing to the center of the earth is not heading to hell.  There is no hell.
By being close to the finish line and are awake and can see it in the distance.
The answer lies in the fact that you are at a particular difficult part of your journey,
Except those human cells that have freed themselves through the understanding and practice of unconditional love.
Will not allow any aspect concerning it to move beyond the planet's hold,
Therefore until the requisite portion learns the nature and practice of unconditional love universal laws,
Would not be a good candidate to be released from its planet bound capacity and let free to roam the universe.
However it does not take a rocket scientist to realize that a human race soaked in negative thought.
Keep in mind that these cells do not die, but like us simply move forward spiritually.
Or join the body of this great being as do the cells of our bodies flake off of add new cells in its growth.
Each of us as individuals as part of own spiritual evolution may be destined to leave,
Whose consciousness is made up of all our human consciousnesses and its etheric structure comprises the entire human race.
It as also important to know that the human race as a whole is the creation of a great being.
The Pleiades and our Seven Suns is grounded and solidified by an etheric body
In fact even the great Being of which we are a part whose body is outlined by the constellations of the Great Bear,
That is correct our solar system has an etheric body just like a human being.
Without the etheric plane nothing would maintain its form on the physical plane be it human or a sun.
This etheric plane has a dense of variable context depending upon where it is used to solidify and ground structures on the physical plane.
Which exists between the astral emotional plane and the dense physical plane.
Now we can concentrate on the main subject of this work which is the etheric plane,
That will free the spirit from the grasp of this planet and each of these are in essence a graduation of sorts.
As you pass through this magnificent structure you will observe there are seven paths,
We then begin to seek the entrance that as a gate would allow us to enter a greater world that we sense is there.
That there is more to existence than what we previously considered.
As we spiritually evolve we eventually through constant reincarnation expand our wisdom to understand,
The two are in reality separate.
The important thing here is to remember that one must not become attached to one's bodily performance or lost within its glamour.
That is the way life is and that is why it takes so many lives, not only in the first cycle, but in the second and third also.
Although they would try to their last dying breath if you allowed which you never could.
You have come to understand that they look for guidance and so you do not try'
And love you and they will not be able to relate and help you.
Your life has been set up so that you have risen consciously beyond all those who surround you'
You must do battle alone.
There is no other human on the planet that can help you during these times.
That you have wasted your life.
It will say without saying that you should look around you and you will see the truth'
No shouting at you that you are a failure.
Countless times as each day and week passes you will be challenged because of this illusion nature which will constantly tell you,
It is this area that that individualized spirit has the greatest difficult in breaking free of the planet's grasp.
It is beyond any doubt a greater illusion than the physical because the  battleground extends deep within the mental plane.
One of the most difficult lessons to grasp as one goes into the astral regions to do battle is its illusionary nature.
This story is for those who understand that a portion of us will be moving on to our next spiritual adventure.
Just another illusion of this very imagination planet we live on.
Energized by the ongoing activity of your existence on this planet were of course,
Yet those lessons that appeared in you're life offsetting and balancing those uncomfortable times appeared as good times,
Emotional reaction from fear, dismay, the uncomfortable thoughts.
Has had its bothersome moments since the experiences that have appearing before you over the years have caused all manner of,
Yet; I'm sure that you will agree with me actual experience of being trapped within the body you have been assigned definitely,
Let,s see nothing to do but go for the ride.
Prior to arriving since in preparation we were all shown the ups and downs and therefore stuck in acting out a role appeared to be very easy
This edge which we all accepted to walk before we arrived on this planet did not appear to be difficult,
With this point of view, until their last day, it is such an illusion.
Although most elected appointed and self appointed leaders would most likely strongly disagree,
Fortunately there is not a single being that exists in an organic body on our planet's surface that has control.
The whole lot of us would have gone up in flames a long time ago.
If those in charge of the governments and corporations on this planet were actually in control,
That is a good thing because otherwise I would have been gone a long time ago.
Yet never seeming to lose my balance for I am not in control.
Here I am skimming along the razor's edge always close to falling disaster of another,
And all are only actors in this play that God directs.
The forces that become our lives are the effects of the causes they make.
Linked to us as part of a song that guides us on our way. They pass to us our lessons to learn as we pass by our day.
They live in a land of many names a place between our lives and spend their time in playing the greatest of their desires.
For who could believe such a tale unless it was guided by God.
Angels and guides guardians and gods their names are hidden in legend.
There does exist another race invisible to the eyes of most who walk along the mountains of earth passing their knowledge to us.
With our minds we create the mist that covers our eyes with veils.
Its with out minds we use as tools we concieve our existence to be.
Life and existence proof of ourselves lying eternal in abstract thought experiencing all that is.
Order and sequence proof of the clock that passes the present in concrete form.
Planetary moves, balanced by suns, brings forth the Soul, God's chosen son.
A charted path persuaded by stars force us on a path to God's land afar.
Yet you will be found, I have faith in that sound, of songs you
Yet you will be found, I have faith in that sound, of songs you sing to me.
Living in the wind. Your spreading wings a steadfast dream, for fools the likes of me.
By your side where can you be. I search for you to make as we. You exist in my mind, as I saw you last, soaring high by my thigh,
So feeling no choice I move on, my heart beating, giving life throughout this nimble shell.
I find me a vast land before me opening it's arms beckoning forth. And my Soul within urges me on telling me I have much to learn.
Once your debt are paid you no longer have to seek peace of mind it is yours forever.
Which in effect are like making installment payments on your future state of grace.
Of course to earn your peace of mind you must first suffer for your past action.
Throughout history these same words spoken. Once you are in touch with spirit you are in touch with truth.
Spiritually speaking absolute poverty buys grace.
I simply would do what I found myself doing.
Instead I would simply relax and accept my life as it happened to me as God's Will and as my purposeful path in life.
I would no longer take any responsibility for planning and running my life.
So from that moment on I simply decided to let God run my life.
Now at last we are at that gate Where we must fall asleep We pray who watches over us For our selves to keep.
Let us learn Thy knowledge and grace And guide us as we walk Along this path you have placed.
We know the road Is often and worn And the tests of our strengths Will be many.
We can feel the music of the heavens As we sense our spirit's descent So now let's rest in the trust of Creator As we move beneath the plane
Oh vast great wonderful sea Let us sink deep into thee So that we might experience And then at last be free.
Let's look upon this sea of bliss And all the life it does encompass Then float above its wavy might And fill our hearts with all we sight.
For you spin your web to an ageless beat And what you sow is what you reap.
This spinning wheel an ancient game Is not by chance as it reels.
As they bring forth their first sigh For deep within those infants eyes There lays a soul to live and to die.
Listen all to angels cry Coming forth from infinite high And listen all to babes below.
For let the sun rise That lights up the sky And horizons will fill your eyes.
Yet this level is the fog on the ocean And conceals the scene behind.
Physical is mist An illusion to touch And difficult to sail When the sea`s become rough.
The ocean is astral An energy filled sea But only a lesson To learn to be free.
Desires are our canvass That we must learn to set To keep our rigging in order For our tack to be met.
Emotions are winds That blow through our sails And force us to learn To ride with waves.
One lesson is mental An act in this play For knowledge is wisdom To break off the clay.
Three levels to pass This spirit called man To enter a fourth a spiritual land.
So accept your role As being your mission to be And sail your craft it tune with life On a peaceful sea.
Life is fixed Although it look mixed And works just like a machine.
Acceptance of life is the key For opening the door that sets you free For words were made to be heard So that you would understand.
So I hold fast to the rudder Leaning hard to stay in the flow So that the foaming current Sends me not to the rapids below.
My faith is like a rudder That occasionally is hard to find And when the waters get stormy I lose my peace of mind.
How I choose to sail my craft A choice that is left to me And how I tend to care for myself Will save me from the sea.
My life is but an ocean Filled with currents within And nothing I do can change my course That is written on the wind.
And with these tunes we can peruse this room And see where our begun.
The music that`s played goes on forever Echoing throughout these halls.
Billions of years shall pass us by. And all temples with crumble to dust' Yet we the eternal observers. Will remain in God`s infinite trust.
We are the eternal observers, And we existed before they were born. And we shall observe they`re passing.  When their mission done.
Galaxies form in spiral cast Give birth to suns to mold their mass As they pass our way.
Hello Twitter! #myfirstTweet