Not to mention, they have rigged election through redrawing their election maps, and threaten judges that seek to end the political corruption that Congress has been entrenched in. The Us government has failed it's people and only blames the very system that ensures democracy.
Worse of all, members of Congress are hypocritically taking actions against the opposing party of which they themselves condemned in the recent past. They are not only ignoring their duties, but keeping secrets from the public in their own self-interest.
...is failing the American people by pointing fingers, disregarding the people, and accepting campaign funding from corporations. Congress is divided. It has decided to pass flawed bills, contribute to America's polarization, make false and impossible promises...
It should be said, and stressed. That while the administration has failed the american people in many ways. The most powerful and important branch of government has supported the administration throughout it's existence. Congress, the law making branch of the United States...
Many agencies have not only been negativity affected by the administration, but it has also derailed the mission of important and critical agencies, by limiting the agencies power, cutting funding, and/or preforming unnecessary and disruptive reform.
Worse of all, the administration has paraded standard and common presidential duties. Not only has it inflated common and routine duties, it has both made excessive expectations while degrading the ability to preform current and future operations of various agencies.
It has also failed on the international stage. The administration has only worsen and enraged terrorist and rogue powers, served important and strategic alliances, enforced no consequences to enemies, and harmed the American economy.
It has failed, as mentioned earlier, to deal with foreign influence in elections. It has failed to promote trust in communities. It has failed to safeguard american values. It has failed to represent the USA.
Refocusing issues onto something else is something the administration is great at. It fails to acknowledge issues facing our country or blames them on political opponents, not that it's uncommon for opponents to do the same. It has disregarded democracy multiple times...
Yet another major issue, is the distrust and derailing of important protest within the NFL. Kneeling during the anthem was about police brutality. It has now become about politics and lost it's meaning.
More coal plants have shut down during the Trump administration then during Obama's administration. Despite the failure of Trump's administration to promote dangerous forms of energy procurement, it has also failed to promote renewable sources of energy, which create more jobs.
Speaking of off shore drilling, the impacts of many non-renewable energy sources are hazardous to both human and environmental health. These forms of energy have been the policy of the current administration, which has been ironically unsuccessful at it as well
Many polices have affected industries that aren't directly related to policies, but are directly affected by them. For example, the plans to allow off-shore drilling will damage tourism in many parts of the country and result in less economic growth and stability as well.
This not only seeds distrust in media that otherwise is truthful, but also seeds distrust in the administration itself. It should be mentioned that the administration has contradicted itself and lied on many occasions. Which isn't to say the administration always lies.
Going back on distrust from earlier, "fake news" has generated a lack of trust in new sources where individual mistakes from one or two articles are used to discredit entire institutions with hundreds of articles that correctly and accurately convey important information.
Another large issue, (this was mostly created by multiple failures of the administration) is tax reform. Approving a bill that was flawed from the beginning, took advantage of the legislative institutions, and was in self-interest, was morally and ethically wrong.
...emergency care. Taxpayers pay for ICU visits for those without insurance. Taxpayers could have a government where some cost is covered by insurance   and preventative care is able to prevent more intense issues.
One large and looming issue facing the administration is healthcare. It has failed to enter any kind of modern system where some level is given to all citizens. Rather that the government paying for preventive care, it has decided to pay for the more expensive...
The biggest issue I still see, is Russian interference in the 2016 election. If collusion did happen isn't the point, but little to no action has been taken to punish Russia for interfering (this has been proven, but not collusion).
Rather than condemning hate crimes, the administration has blamed innocent protesters wanting equal rights for all. This doesn't include the bigotry in official policies and attempted polices. Racism was indirectly supported and  transphobia was openly and directly supported.
Rather than helping provide trust in American industries, this administration has sown distrust, has implemented and/or planned policies that harm  (i.e. news sources, tourism, major sports, renewable energy and etc...). The administration has also served trust among communities.
I fail to see how increasing prices for a consumer will help bring manufacturing back into the US especially when goods will still be cheaper from China. This current administration has yet to deal with the looming problems it entered with and the new ones it creates.
A better solution would be to curb China's practices that eliminate fair competition with American companies (such as imposing various sanctions unit labor conditions improve) Another idea is improving domestic manufacturing. (Which may be done using robotics or other tech)
The US isn't a mirror image of China or vice versa. Chinese trade practices will still continue to be murky waters with fewer regulations and large scale market manipulation. An increasing of tariffs doesn't prevent these practices and may even worsen them.
This is a bit of a rant about politics. One recent thing that's been in the news is increasing tariffs on imports from China to make a symmetrical trade system (one where the rules are the same both countries on the international level). There's a big problem with this.
Doing a stream thing; stop by and say hi. 	https://t.co/vuqwqRbngJ
Hey, I'm trying to write poems! Let's how long it takes for my GPU to fail! https://t.co/vuqwqRbngJ
Just looked back at American Conquest. It's only 4.99 on steam! It's old, but still great with lots of campaigns to keep you busy.
When that really old, but really good game to going to be ported to a modern major console. 		https://t.co/0ALhjoXot9
RT @neiltyson: A subject is scientifically controversial when actively debated by legions of scientists, not when actively debated by the p…
Interested in a Poetry get together in Petaluma, CA? E-mail petalumapoets@gmail.com